2	Mediocre food that is expensive. Build your own sandwiches for 9.00  portions are small. Best thing was the sweet potatoe tots (all 10 they give you). Had a  side of ranch dressing that was watery!!!Place has potential but needs to rethink either their prices or portions.Another whiff for food in mint hill
1	Another miss for Mint Hill. Very over priced food that's not good at all. That advertise corn hole tournaments on Sunday but don't plan on playing anyone. The vibe is also terrible. Won't be coming here again.
3	Sometimes, the value of a restaurant is significantly influenced by its surroundings. A good place can be less desirable if it's hard to get there. Conversely, a mediocre place can be great if it's convenient. Dunwellz falls into the latter category.Dunwellz is fairly middle-of-the-road in both food and decor. The food is decent. It's not amazing: fairly typical bar quality, but it's not bad, either. My chicken quesadilla was filling and not dried out, but it was slightly on the bland side. The same could be said for P's burger. The menu is divided into appetizers, burgers, sandwiches, and so on, and you get to "build your own" within each section. That's where the custom part comes in. Nevertheless, Dunwellz is A-OK in my book, and the reason for that is they're open till 11:00 during the week. That makes them one of the few late-ish night options in Mint Hill. And for that, I say hooray.
3	A new hang-out in Mint Hill (with their opening, you now need 2 hands to count the local offerings!). We went early one evening to check them out.On a Tuesday evening, they were packed (again, minimal choices locally). Luckily it was a nice evening, since the patio were their only seats. It is secluded, away from the parking lot and other traffic. There are a couple corn-hole sets to go with their picnic table seats. The hostess and server were very nice.The food is OK. It wasn't abysmal, but I'm not counting down the days to go back, either. Typical bar food, though I was expecting everything to be a dollar or two less than it is. They have a small, but decent, beer list as well as a few wines and mixed drinks. They'll be a great option in the area when I want to go out for a beer but don't want to drive to University or South End.
3	We have tried this new, locally owned place 3 times now. The first time was shortly after they opened ,so we will excuse the bumps in the service-which was lack of service. We actually had to flag wait person down to ask to get service. Meanwhile the person I take to be the owner is standing at the end of the row of tables talking to friends. Finally order the food and are served. No problem with the food at all. Very tasty burgers & fries. Onion rings kind of weak. Second trip everything is fine, good service, good food. The one problem was the delay in the charge card - husband put the tip on the card, but noticed the next morning when he checked his bank statement on line it didn't show the tip. Not wanting the server to think we didn't tip her, he went up later that day and gave her the tip. Of course, the next day the separate charge for the tip comes through. Oh well.Last night was the 3rd visit. Greeted at the door by 2 hostesses & taken to our table. And then we wait. And wait. And wait. We can count 8 servers millling around. We finally ask the hostess to send a waitress over. Once again food is fine. Interesting note is the owner actually came by the table to pick up an empty plate- never said a word to us. For a local place, I really would think speaking to your guests would go a long way in getting them to return. Training someone to be in charge of the floor and take notice of what's going on would help as well.  Would we return? Not really sure- there's a lot of good burger places out there that have good food, good service and really appreciate the fact that you choose to support their business.
3	We just walked out after being seated for 15 minutes, and no one taking our order. We've been twice before. Every time the service has been slow, but nothing like today. Every time the waitresses have been standing over by the drink station talking while leaving customers waiting. When the left today the hostess who sat us didn't say a word. It's a shame they are so unprofessional, becacuse the food is actually good. They clearly don't care if they have customers or make money. The place is always only a third to a half full, but they can't actually serve the people trying to eat there.EDIT: 1/16/13: We gave this place another try, and it was much better the second time. Have been back several times since with no issues. The food is very good.
4	This is a nice place to go after work or when you just feel like getting out. Among the other places in Mint Hill, this new spot holds its own. The food is fresh, very tasty and the menu has a good variety. The staff is super friendly and do a great job of making the customers happy. The atmosphere is fun and free flowing. They also have a back patio with plenty of seating as well as corn-hole. Great for a cool summer night! See you there!
3	I became interested in eating here, only because my bank offered me money back to do so.  So I thought what the heck, it's right around the corner from where you live try it.  So I did last Friday me and my family ate there, I got everything to go.  I wasn't that impressed by the food, like I thought I was going to be.  Me and my little girl enjoyed the carmel sauce that came with the apples she got with her meal it was very good.  My mom enjoyed her salad, I got the hamburger on texas toast with fries and some fried pickles.  I wasn't expecting the pickles to hot but they were, and that made me really upset. Any who, the burger well it was just ok nothing to shout about or be excited.  It was so good that the other half of it is still sitting in my refridgerator.   I hate that it wasn't that good because there aren't too many places to eat at around here.  I think that maybe I just ordered the wrong food, not sure if I will give it another try or not.
5	This place was a nice surprise. If you're a fan of having a delicious burger or sandwich made exactly the way you want it, you can't go wrong grabbing lunch here. The wait staff was more than accommodating with the food and drinks as well as the 10 tv screens to split between the fans of various teams on a Sunday afternoon. We split a burger and a pizza flatbread and both were delicious, but the sweet potato tater tots were especially good. We also liked the emphasis they placed on beers brewed locally in various cities of NC.
2	This restaurant is a let down to the Mint Hill area. As soon as you walk in the door the lack of customer service is apparent, when you get seated good luck with your server I have had 3 and only one was not inattentive. The food is not consistent it is prepared differently I assume by the different cooks. It's over priced bar food that doesn't even live up to the standard of bar food. And if your decided to talk to a manger they will give you an ear full of excuses for lack service and mediocre food.
3	All I can say is Mint Hill needs more of places like this.  I don't always need fancy shmancy places to eat and drink.  When I'm off that kick, this is the kind of joint I like.  They let you make your own burger and they have a decent tap selection.  Combine all that with service and a smile then I'm a happy camper.  Dunwellz did well in my book!  You just don't want to walk in expecting anything more than a local hangout that has staple bar food.  Do that and you too will like it.
4	My wife and I go here weekly. Best beer selection in Mint Hill, burgers are good (not great) but building options are amazing. All the other food ( wings, fish N chips, nachos, standard pub fare) are awesome, and the beer prices are perfect.
4	Friendly service and good food.  Plus the patio is spacious.  I am a fan of this place and enjoy the sports bar atmosphere
4	Tried Dunwellz last night and the wings were absolutely the best wings I've had anywhere without driving 30 minutes out of your way. We normally eat wings at The Hill Grill,which are great wings, but the way Dunwellz prepares theirs were more of our taste, slighty smaller wing which fries up better and gives it a great taste.Lots of sauce selections, and the prices are more reasonable than any other place in the area.The onion rings were also good. Great drinks. Will definitely be going back to try one of the build your own burgers. They have great food and drink specials daily.
4	For my first visit, I was impressed. The food was good and the service was even better. I ordered the Buffalo Chicken sandwich & fries. The chicken breast was large and crispy with a nice kick. I got the medium sauce. Add cheese, lettuce, tomato & some blue cheese dressing and you've got a tasty chicken sandwich. The fries had great texture & flavor. My wife had the build your own burger that offers a ton of topping selections. She had the side of sweet potato tots. I wasn't a big fan of the tots. Kinda tasted like the frozen kind. Nice little craft beer selection on tap too and with great prices ($4.50 for a pint). I got the OMB Dunkel. Shout out to Jules for the great service!!
4	Enjoyed the $.60 wings this evening.  We tried a few of their sauces. I enjoyed the kickin bourbon and the bbq.  I also liked the $1.50 pabst on tap!  The bartender was nice and provided good service.  The bar was pretty busy and the I enjoyed the televisions.  Not really sure about the music that was playing but an overall nice experience.
5	I love this place! Fun, casual atmosphere, sports bar-ish, but there is seating to eat separated from the bar. Fried pickles, blackened fish sandwich, burgers, everything I've had here has been delicious!
4	Stopped in to get a bite to eat after working all day. Had the buffalo shrimp a huge favorite of mine. Bought a Portabella Mushroom Burger for my vegan daughter, wow it was great!!!  I'd eat it myself next time, great burger if you want a change. Sweet Potato tots could use a little more 'crisp' to them. All in All some of the best sandwiches and burgers in the area, definitely a step up from typical "bar" food - you will truly enjoy a juicy, well made burger.
5	Amazing place. They have a great beer selection, both bottled and draft. We tried the queso and BBQ chicken flatbread pizza. The queso is served in an edible bowl and the pizza was so good. Excellent bar food. Everyone who works here is friendly and so are the patrons. This is our first visit, but we'll definitely be back.
5	My Girlfriend and I go to Dunwellz every week, for wings, beer and great people.  The food is always good and the patrons easy to strike up conversations with.  So glad this place is in Mint Hill!
4	Went on a Sunday evening with four adults and two children under the age of four and actually felt pretty comfortable. They had highchairs but no booster seats which was odd, but oh well. Everything we ordered was really good. 1. Chicken Tenders - perfectly sized tenders and there were lots of them, and lots of fries. Very yummy honey mustard sauce. I will order these again.2. Build a Salad - lots of items to choose from and you get your money's worth.3. Buttered Noodles for Children - genius item for kids, they LOVE them.4. Build a Burger - most places have good sides but they had lots of choices for the "meat" portion which was refreshing. I want to try the black bean burger. Maybe next time. (Yes there will definitely be a next time!)Beer selection was great and they had a pretty cool beer sampler tray, just like the froo-froo joints uptown. I ordered a spicy Bloody Mary and it was almost too hot for me, had to order a water to cool myself down.
3	Been three times and its been good so far.  Two times it was great and everything was correct.  One time the order was missing an appetizer but I like the food so we'll be back again for another chance.  We have only gone for take-out though so not sure about the actual dining experience.
4	Food was above average and the service was good too. I had the turkey burger and sweet potato tots and they were both really good. The tots come with a cinnamon butter dipping sauce on the side and it was awesome. I highly recommend it. My girlfriend had the buffalo chicken sandwich and she said it was good too.  Beer selection had everything you need, including some of the regional micro brews. Sweet Josie Brown Ale is among my favorites they have, Looking forward to coming back when we feel like pub food.
4	Fantastic burger made any way you want, and I mean ANY way. Choose everything from the bread to the mayo. The southwestern spring rolls are fantastic with a chipotle dipping sauce. I don't care much for a sports bar based restaurant, but the food is so good I'll be frequent flyer. 1st trip I got my burger on a bun, 2nd trip on texas toast. Both excellent. I'm not sure I'm ready to try a burger on a donut, but the waitress said it was good.Both trips we had very friendly and attentive waitresses.
3	Mint Hill does not have a bunch of variety when it comes to places to eat. Fast food? Sure. There is just about anything you want. Pizza? Several varieties. Even a few Asian joints. But there are only a couple of other choices, and it is nice to have Dunwellz on that short list.The service at Dunwellz is generally solid whenever you come in, always friendly and keeping your glasses filled to the brim. The menu has a great selection of foods, all of which end with "Z" (saladz, sidez, soupz, etc).What you won't find is anything really exceptional. It's all good, but unless you are already in Mint Hill, it probably isn't worth the drive all the way out here. You're looking at a typical hangout with fairly standard bar food.
1	Sucks.  Worst wings I have had. We ordered take out for the game. They only drizzled sauce on top of wings and nothing else.
5	Great place! I 'misordered' and they were very nice about correcting it and making exactly what I wanted.  An excellent addition to the Mint Hill restaurant options. Yummy food. We will definitely be back!!
5	Build your own burger, build your own salad.  Build your own side salad, if you'd like, with your build your own burger.  Spotless spacious rest rooms, plentiful televisions tuned to different sports events, and friendly, attentive service round out this most pleasant evening.
5	I come here all the time. 3 times in the past 2 weeks. Great place to hang out and watch the game. Definitely gonna be here for Super Bowl this year. The service is great and I haven't tried anything that I didn't like. I recommend this place to everyone!
5	The burgers here are awesome! My son and I came here a few months ago for the first time. Everyone was very friendly. The owner stopped by to say hello and ask how our experience was. Have had several to go orders since then. I always get a burger because they are so good, so I can't speak for any of the other items. Great place!
4	The burger was great and we had excellent customer service. Friday's are very busy. This is a great place for families.
5	I'm giving this place 5 big ones because everything was great!Took my buddy there on his birthday for lunch. Got there about 12:30 was fairly busy but no problem getting a table. Owner greeted us and was on staff the whole time making all run smoothly. Wait staff was friendly and hard working. Started out with a bacon Bloody Mary and fried pickles.......both tasted great. I posted a picture that shows the bacon in the drink....oh yeah....I ate it.I got the meatloaf burger. I could have built my own from a large assortment of items on the menu, a great idea and I can't believe they keep this much stuff in stock. I'm talking all kind of breads, cheese, toppings etc.I decided to go with a salad for my side and was surprised when our waitress asked what kind of lettuce I would like.....wait...what? Awesome and fresh.Now I read some other reviews before I went in today and I have to disagree with the folks that said this food was just ok, it's way better than that.Staff is friendly and on point. Food is hot, fresh and delish.I will go again..........soon I hope
4	For a bar, this place was fantastic. Wide beer selection,  great atmosphere and terrific service. I have to come back here to try their food. Thrilled this place is in the neighborhood. The place was filled too with lots of friendly people having a good time. Perfect after work spot
5	We just ate lunch here. My friends had the Salmon Burger and said it was amazing. I had a flatbread pizza (the Breakfast one) and it was SOOOO good! We will def be back
4	I'm giving this place four stars, let me explain why. My family thinks it was a five star place, but, to be honest, the wings definitely didn't impress me, and the buffalo chicken sandwhich was acceptional, but not outstanding. The service was absolutely outstanding! The price is well worth it! Definitely a place to check out!
3	i'm not sure what these people are talking about with regard to portion sizes, but you get 1/2 pound of chicken tenders with fries (lots of them) for 7$. i do agree that the pricing is a bit steep and the food is bar-food TYPE food... but it is done well. the food isn't greasy or cold as it is at the Hill... what was this other person thinking suggesting the hill is better?! been to the hill many times and the food is gross, greasy, and the restaurant is dark, dingy, and the service is slow, at best. not saying dunwellz is a slam dunk... but they will get my business again, for sure!
4	This place is great! Fantastic specials and the service is great. Great place to relax, have a beer, and build your own burger. The co-owner was cleaning tables and stopped by the table to welcome us to Mint Hill for the first time. Looking forward to the next time I'm in Mint Hill.
5	Love me some Dunwellz, I'm from out west, and since I've been to Charlotte Dunwellz has been my favorite burger joint for sure. Staff is friendly and food is great!
4	I'm surprised at the negative reviews for poor service, we saw nothing but attentive servers when we went for lunch. I can't comment on the beer selections, we don't drink, but my Diet Coke was very refreshing. We went because I heard from a friend that they had a diverse menu, which they do. We started with a yummy southwest egg roll app served with a chipotle ranch dipping sauce. A little too spicy for my 14 year old, but Alina and I enjoyed them. Alex ordered the make your  own burger, which she said was very tasty. She also had a side of baked potato soup, which she liked even more than her burger. Alina ordered the make your own fish sandwich, which was way too big for her to finish. Alina really liked the potato bun, it went great with the crunchy fish filet. I ordered the 1/2 lb chicken tenders app as my meal. I asked for a side of bbq sauce, and guess what? It arrived with the meal, I didn't have to send the server back to get it. The tenders were small, but abundant. I'm a big guy, but I couldn't finish the fries. Oh, I finished the tenders, no worries there. I was very happy with my menu choice, it was great.If I had to find 1 con, it was that lunch for 3 with only 2 sodas came to $41, a little pricey for lunch. If we are ever back in Mint Hill, we will definitely return for another great meal.
5	drink special every night.  not your typical food choices. the notorious P.I.G. is damn good, its a burger- pulled pork- bacon topped with onion straws. wings here too. decent choice of deserts and an outdoor patio.
4	The kids and I went here and enjoyed it very much.  One built his own burger, the other his own chicken wrap, and I got the meatloaf sandwich. The portions were tremendous and the service was very good, even though the place was quite crowded.  I won't be raving to everyone I meet, but it's a lovely option here in Mint Hill, so nice to have somewhere to go that isn't a chain, and we'll definitely be back.
4	Good wings. Very interesting burger selection...the doughnut burger is yummy. Great place to watch sports
5	Excellent Wings!!  Was there for the first time last week.  Staff very helpful and knowledge about menu.  I had a Reuben was very good just not a fan of the texas toast..next time i will get it on rye.  Definitely going back for the wings!!
3	This could be a 4 based on the options in the area but if I am going to just give you a straight up opinion...it is a 3 all day long.The place was quite lively on Friday night.  It was actually quite loud in there and you can get the whole sports/bar/grill vibe they are  going for.  Nonetheless we were seated right away and opted for the outdoor patio.  This was nice and casual and simple..exactly what we were looking for.We started with their homemade chips and salsa.  The salsa was very fresh, we practically drank it!  We enjoyed it.  IT had somewhat of a beer flavor but when we asked if it had beer in it we were told no.  Maybe the chef was drinking on the job and accidentally dripped a little in our batch.  Regardless, it was very good and we had no problem woofing it down.I went with the turkey burger and the husband got a regular burger.  Mine came with a sauce of choice and avocado, some other yummy stuff and on a gluten free bun.  All of the patties are made in house so that is good (except the veggie burger is frozen).  The sauces were somewhat  generic but not bad.  The sweet potato tots were everything they needed to be...greasy, sweet and more of a dessert than anything else!  They were quite good.  They weren't the best burgers we have had but again, there isn't much to compare it to in this area.  So in that regard Dunwellz stands out!  They offer specials throughout the week/weekend, music and other fun themes.  They have a fun, relaxed atmosphere so definitely worth a stop if you are in the area.
2	My wife and I along w/ my 2 little boys recently went to Dunwellz.  As we entered the restaurant the hostess told us we can sit anywhere. So being that we have two little ones and don't want to disturb others we took a corner table in the back.The 1st issue was we waited over 10 minutes just for someone to take our drink order.  Not for beer or soda, just to get water.  As the waitress approached our table she appeared that she was not happy to see us sitting in her section as she rolled her eyes and gave us the "look".  Once the waitress took our order, she was back in about 5 minutes w/ our drinks which is OK since the restaurant was starting to fill up around 1pm.We placed our order (wife ordered Mushroom Swiss Burger & I ordered the Buffalo Chicken Sandwich).  My wife however asked that instead of Swiss Cheese they add American cheese.  Pretty simple request I thought.20 minutes later food came.  We were starving and ready to enjoy our lunch and of course my wife's' burger had Swiss cheese instead of American.  Now, if this was the 1st time, honest mistake, I can accept that, but this was the 2nd time the kitchen made my wife's burger incorrect.  We had been there a couple of weeks earlier ordering the same things.So, both waitresses both times confirmed they keyed American cheese into the POS and they confirmed it with the receipt so shame on the kitchen staff for not getting this right.  So the waitress took the burger back and then within a minute the burger came back w/ American cheese, but you could clearly see that all they did was scrap off the swiss (which by the way there was still little bit on there) and then they placed a cold piece of american cheese on the burger.  So my wife now had to eat a semi warm burger that has been handled multiple times w/ a cold piece of american cheese, gross! The other thing that was very annoying is our waitress was not attentive at all and I had to flag her down at least 4-5 times for another beer, clean up and the check. The waitresses were huddled together by the soda machine checking their cell phones and talking.Don't get me wrong, the food is good, I enjoy the vast selection of craft beers, but if I was a new comer and had this experience I would assume Dunwellz wait staff and kitchen staff pays no attention to detail and also doesn't wait to pay attention to families w/ little kids.
