1	Having recently cracked a tooth, I went looking for a dentist.  Near my house is Brookstone Dental, and after walking in, I felt like I had finally found the place.  They were a preferred provider for my insurance, they informed me, and everything would be taken care of.After being told that I needed some kind of special cleaning, 220.00 dollars per quadrant equaling 880.00 total, they proceeded to work.  I left feeling good, that I had finally found a dentist that cared enough to do a good job.  Then I remembered, I had come in for tooth pain.  They did absolutely NOTHING for the complaint that I had come in for.  I was there for three hours and all this was done without even discussing it with an actual dentist.So, I was a little upset.  No big deal, lesson learned.  I'll just go somewhere else.  Then my insurance called.  This company WAS NOT a preferred provider like they had told me before.  They had billed my insurance and now my coverage was maxed out, not to mention that I had a healthy portion to pay out of pocket.  So here I sit with a broken tooth, having to pay out of pocket to have it fixed or wait until the turn of the year.Brookstone Dental is nothing more than an upstart clinic to empty your insurance limit.  I've never felt more cheated from a health care provider.
1	Every time this business gets bad reviews they somehow make a new account on yelp lol!!This place should be called CROOKstone Dental....Con artists that shouldn't have licenses to work on even a dogs mouth...Overpriced and poor quality are two things to expect when you come to this establishment.  Got a root canal and wasn't able to eat on my left side of my mouth for two years...Shut this place down!!
1	I agree with the first two reviews!!This is  the worst dental office ever. The office staff had me leave without a ride  after being under gas for three hours. I was found walking north on Tatum full of blood and crying. Thankfully my daughters drove past me (they were going to the dentist office to check on me.) This dentist didn't inform me the consequences of doing full dentures at 37, I suffered from malnutrition as a result from not being able to eat. Still cant eat over a year later.  Dentures don't fit.  life ruining dentist!
5	I've had Brookstone Dental as my dentist for fifteen years. I've always hated going to the Dentist, like most people. I've had nothing but pleasant experiences with Brookstone over the years and when I've had an emergency, they always get me right in without having to wait. When I'm in for an appointment, whether it's to see the Dr or for a cleaning. I never wait more than five minutes to be seen.Dr Goldring and his staff are very personable and fun to visit. I highly recommend Brookstone Dental.
5	Searching for a good dentist in the Valley can not only be confusing, but disheartening as well. You don't have to look any further now than Brookstone Dental. Dr. Matthew Goldring and his staff provided excellent care for my son as he underwent extensive procedures on his teeth. They are always warm, friendly and gracious and they are without question the finest dental care office in the Phoenix area. I would highly recommend you giving them a call for any dental or cosmetic surgery need.Drew Wathey
5	At Brookstone Dental care you are treated like family! I had my wisdom teeth taken out and Dr. Goldring and Shawn took complete care of me. At first I was nervous getting this procedure done without being asleep, but they made me as comfortable as possible! Plus you get $100 bucks every time you refer a friend to the office! Works for me! Thank you Brookstone for all that you've done for me!
5	Best dentist office ever. Caring, compassionate, understanding and gentle.  Recommend to anyone who needs a dentist and staff who genuinely cares.
