4	This place has it all. A fairly wide ranging menu, attentive staff, and its a comfortable place to dine.From salads, sandwiches, to your more substantial dinner type foods. The salads are large! (they offer a smaller version of their specialty salads for $1.00 less) The sandwiches are tasty, if I had to recommend just one I'd say give their philly cheese steak (or chicken) a try. My husband assures me their breakfast items are great (I'm not a huge fan of breakfast foods so I take his word for it)! The meatloaf which is a daily specials at least on Friday's is great. So are the sides, the offering vary depending on the day of the week it is. Also they are open 7 days a week, which seems to be a bit rare outside of chain restaurants in this city. The staff is super friendly and after a couple of visits it will be like visiting an old friend! We live close by so this place has quickly become one of our regular places to go!
5	Sometimes you want to find a "family friendly" restaurants where you can take the whole family.  Parkway House Family Restaurant on East W.T. Harris is just the place.  There is plenty of parking, a friendly wait staff, and reasonable prices.  This place offers a variety, allowing each member of the family to order a different menus, a must with kids.  Personally, I like their breakfast menu.  Today, I had salt-cured country ham, scrambled eggs, sliced tomatoes, and washed it all down with black coffee.  While the tomatoes are not the norm, they made the substitute at no charge and no hassle.  I like restaurants that will let you substitute an item - 'cause sometimes you just want something different.  They have great pancakes and daily specials for all meals.  Now if you are looking for a noisy crowded place with a bar-like atmosphere, you will be disappointed.  However, if you are like me and want a quiet breakfast, lunch, or dinner where you can read your morning devotion or a chapter in a good book, or just carry on a friendly conversation with an ole friend, this is a place you really need to try - just don't get my table.
3	The Parkway is not as impressive as six months ago and it has nothing to do with the food.  Service has really slacked off.  This morning I arrived at 9:15 and didn't get my cup of coffee til 9:30, they came back and took my order at 9:35.  My food arrived at 9:47, but no silverware.  I had to get up, leaving my food, to get my own silverware.  By 9:56 I had eaten my meal.  Here's my point - it should not take 32 minutes to get food you consume in 9 minutes.  I also noticed another lady get up and go to the kitchen to ask for something.  Three mornings ago I left without ever getting a refill on coffee, even when the waitress told me she would get me a refill.  Perhaps my normal 20-25% tip is not sufficient to warrant a continuation of good service.  It is true that their business has picked up, but management should make sure sufficient staffing is scheduled.  The staff appears to be doing too much talking and going outside to smoke to meet the current needs of their customers. I will probably still go back occasionally, but when I am pressed for time I will go somewhere with faster service.  I also have it on good authority that Santa Claus has taken the Parkway House off his list of quick stops for milk and cookies.  Your are now advised.
2	The food was average at best, but the service is so irritating. They ignore you forever and then when you finally get their attention they seem to think you want to wait even longer. How about prompt and efficient service from the start ?
4	thier  food is good and the best part is my sister is the manager.
4	I was visiting Charlotte this past week and asked the hotel to recommend a locally owned place for breakfast. Parkway House was where I was sent. It was about 10am in the middle of the week. The seating was open. Service was prompt and friendly. The food was good, filling and cheap. I would definitely go back.
2	Today was my second time going to Parkway House Family Restaurant and I did not enjoy it.A week ago a friend of mine introduced me to is and I ordered the porkchops, eggs, and toast breakfast. It was delicious! My friend's daughter got Chocolate Chip Pancakes, and my friend got a BLT Sandwich with egg. Everything came out quick, made to order, and delicious. Our waitress was real friendly and quick to get us refills and checked on us regularly. I knew I'd have to come back.Today I go with a different friend and order a bologna and egg sandwich (add cheese, tomato, and lettuce) while she got a bacon, sausage, and egg sandwich (add cheese). We both ordered hashbrowns with add ins (cheese, mushrooms, onions, ham). We waited a good 20 minutes for our food and then it came out cold and the hashborwns were burnt/rubbery chewy and disgusting. I added tomato and egg onto my sandwich but it was not on my sandwich when it arrived. I asked for it and it took another 10 minutes for the waitress to bring it out. Upon bringing it to me she says, "I'm glad you didn't eat it all because I forgot about you!" in a happy, peppy sort of voice. By then, my food was more than cold and I was not happy. I decided against my meal and she kindly took it away and marked it off the ticket. She waited on the people behind us and told them "You can't go wrong with breakfast!" and they got their meal within 5 minutes of placing their order! I found the waitress I had on the first visit and placed a bologna sandwich to go and told her the last one came out cold.The menu is very fairly priced (which is what gave it one star) and some service is very good (another star).  They serve breakfast all day, which was why we decided to go there when we did. The second visit was very disappointing and I have decided that I will not try them again.
