5	Original review posted: 1/14/12Never in my time as a Yelper have I ever found a business (whether it would be a store, restaurant, monkey spanking service or what have you) rated at a full 5 stars in every review, NEVER. If that's the case, she's got to be good, right? The answer is: YES SIR.I've been having severe back pains and was in dire need of some help to alleviate it so I told my husband about my findings and we booked appointments with Jill the following weekend.Jill has a nice setup, decor and all. The moment that you walk in, to the moment you walk out, you're in a comfortable, professional environment and she's uber friendly!This may sound a bit cliche but dammit, it's true: "It's nothing like you've ever had before". She customizes your massage to whatever your needs are. That, coupled with the fact that she is knowledgeable, educates you, listens to what is going on with you and takes the time to show that she really cares about getting you on your way to "Be Well" is something that sets Jill apart. Such an awesome name! After my massage, I felt so damn relaxed, more than I have ever felt after a massage. There is not another place out here that could ever change my mind about going to them, Jill @Be Well is where I'm going to from now on. My husband and I continued talking about our experience hours afterwards! We really likey!To all the massaginists (Glee reference) in Las Vegas, Jill has set the bar pretty high, you guys are pretty much screwed as far as I'm concerned lol.
5	Jill. Be Well Professional Therapy. So much to say.  I found Jill after I learned I was pregnant with my first child. Prenatal massage rose to the top of my priority list and I wanted to patronize a "someone" rather than a corporation which, in Las Vegas, is sometimes hard to do. Destiny lead me to Jill who happened to be only a few miles from my home. My first encounter with her showed me that she was truly a professional, and that she took her craft seriously. I called to schedule a massage with her prematurely (before the end of my first trimester) and she actually refused to see me prior to getting my doctor's clearance. Done. And my confidence in her rose exponentially. When I was finally able to see her, I scheduled a 60 minute massage and left there happier than I thought possible. She is, without a doubt, the best massage therapist I've encountered in both Nevada and California in the 15 years I've been getting massages. At the beginning of each visit, she asked me about my aches, and actually listened to my answers. She attended not only to my achy prego needs , but also to my baby during each visit. I saw her twice a month throughout my pregnancy, and then once a week for 90 minute massages during my last trimester (oh how I needed it!).  And I ultimately gave birth to a beautiful baby girl who defies the description "good baby." My child is truly happy and incredibly content, she sleeps well and fusses only if she's truly hungry or wet. And she's been smiling since the day she was born. And I brag about her in order to brag about Jill. I truly believe in the power of positive energy, and Jill brought that to my pregnancy. And to my daughter. as she prepared to enter this crazy and chaotic world.  And I will never be able to thank Jill enough for all that she contributed to my pregnancy. She is amazing.
5	Jill with Be well professional therapy...amazing, yes she is :). Professional, super nice, friendly, knows her stuff...what else can i say, just go get a massage from her, you wont regret it.  Im happy when i leave her office and so can you be :)
5	As everyone knows in Vegas it's hard to find someone you can trust and someone who is amazing at what they do! Jill has it all! From my very first appointment I was impressed! She is amazing, knows what she is talking about and is very nice!! It's always a calming experience! I would recommend her to anyone looking for a wonderful masseuse!!
5	I have dealt with horrible back pain for most of my life, mostly due to a head tilt resulting from a severe vision impairment. My joints are also super wonky... I'm a total mess. Jill knows how to make my body forget about all of that. You may look at this petite woman and think that she couldn't possibly have the strength to give you some serious deep tissue work. Think again. Jill has some impressive strength and knows how to use it. Her techniques are custom to your needs, but for me, she successfully combines relaxation with intense deep tissue massage to give my body everything it needs to have full range of motion, relieve joint pain, and walk out of there with posture my mama would be proud of. I should also mention that Jill is extremely professional, courteous and her facilities are clean and comfortable. She can speak anatomy like a med student. Her smile will brighten your day. I can't say enough good things about the massage experience I get with Be Well Professional Therapy. I make sure I see Jill every time I visit Las Vegas (which is a few times per month for work) and I feel so fortunate to have found her!
5	I cannot tell you enough of how much I love Jill!I have been to so many different masseuses here in town and all around the US and Mexico. Jill by far is the best. -She is superior in customer service and very genuine. The best thing I love about Jill is that she always remembers what you tell her and what areas you need worked on the most. She always makes sure that's what you need the next time you see her as well. I work in a more stressful atmosphere and I tend to get knots galore in my neck, shoulders and back. Jill is the only masseuse that even comes close to working out my kinks. -She's always great at working with me on when I need to come in as soon as possible. -She's VERY reasonable in her prices.- The room is very nice and relaxing - she always makes you feel very comfortable which is one of the most important things for me. Jill is hands down the best masseuse and I will continue to go to her as I have for 3+ years now. I recommend everyone I know to her...including whomever is reading this!
5	Amazing!!!! Best in town!!!!!     I have had the pleasure of being a client of Jill's for about three years now. I originally went to see Jill for her reasonable prices and generous discount to military and service personal. Now, I am a regular client on a monthly basis for her amazing skill and the heart she puts into her job. Jill is a very down to earth person and an excellent masseuse. I have multiple neck and back issues and she never seems to amaze me. I generally go into her therapy room stiff with a chronic headache and leave feeling like a new person!      I have gotten massages at spa's all over town. From shopping mall spas, to major hotel spas, and have yet to come across a masseuse half as amazing as Jill. Anytime my husband and I visit a spa out of town or want to do a "couples day" at a major hotel spa, we are always disappointed in the massage, and always say, "they weren't as good as Jill." Another reason Jill stands above the others... she recently became certified in foot reflexology. It involves a very relaxing foot bath and a reflexology session that she truly caters to your needs. I love the reflexology for many reasons, I truly believe our body is connected through our feet, and always feel alert and energized after a session. I have told many of my friends and family about Jill and after everyone visits her... their only reaction is "wow!" Do yourself a favor, give yourself a treat and make an appointment with Jill, You will not be disappointed!!!!
5	This review is LONG overdue. I LOVE Jill! So does my husband. We both want to keep her all to ourselves.  I've been in Vegas 9 years, been to multiple different places for massages, and Jill is by far the best!! She has ruined my experience forever with getting massages at the strip, because she is way better than any massage you would pay $200 plus for. There is NO comparison. Where do I start? She knows her stuff, she lives fitness and healthy eating and healthy habits and healthy mind. I am sure I would get great relaxation if I were to shut up, but I truly enjoy my time with Jill and trust her opinion in many ways in regards to exercise and overall health. She is knowledgable in all areas of health. She does what you ask for in the massage and has helped me through many back problems, neck, shoulders, knees, etc. I was injured from Crossfit for a few months and Jill helped me and now I can workout again. She even cares enough to tell me to do something better for my joints such as swimming instead of something hard on my joints. I find this very caring and I appreciate her advice. She works her magic hands like no other. I love her warm towels on your feet and face. I never found a massage therapist as good as her. My husband asks to go to her all the time and after he gets a massage, he is in heaven for the rest of the day. Her prices are reasonable and I hope they stay the same. I promise you, a massage with Jill is perfect! If I was able to, I would go to her weekly.Now that I write this, I miss her.  I think I need another massage ASAP.
5	My husband and I have been going to Jill Kerner, LMT for about 16 months  And we absolutely love the unique and splendid combination of therapeutic treatments that she offers. My personal favorite is the integrated reflexology therapy. My husband swears that she heals and/or dramatically lessens his migraine pain.  Jill also offers a plethora of therapeutic massage menu, i.e., fork-tuning therapy; reiki, animal-assisted therapy (with her adorable dogs) and so much more!I also must mention how REASONABLE her prices are!! We both receive a veteran's discount and we mostly book 75-minutes sessions with her, since it's such an amazing bargain! Jill also has a great sense of humor, an incredible memory with a caring and nurturing attitude. We always get our couples' massage on the same day (back-to-back) and the 3 of us would have a lot of fun chatting during our entire massage session (one person would sit in the massage room while the other person receives the treatment and vice versa).
