5	Unpretentious. Friendly. Inviting. Warm decor and soothing music. This is the first local coffee house I found when i moved here a year ago. It was an oasis, a hidden gem in a shopping plaza. My only complaint is that there's nothing else around worth doing, so you can't grab an ice chai (my favorite; with 1 shot espresso), a conversation and hit the road. You either have you chill in one of their comfortable chairs or sit outside on the make-shift patio. Works for me, unless you get antsy. Bonus - Free Wifi. And the people there are no way obnoxious. No loud conversations or annoying cell phone calls. If you like tea, you can buy some here. They boast a wide selection that even the most decisive tea drinker may have trouble deciding! MONKS BLEND = Oh so good!I only wish it were closer to my work/home.And for you carb lovers, try the Pumpkin Muffin. It's fantastic!
5	This is the best coffee in this part of town. The coffee is roasted locally, and always "pressed." It does make a difference!The atmosphere is very laid back, it's never too crowded and unpretentious doesn't begin to describe its feel.
5	Let's review your options in Tempe.You can brave the traffic and half-human barbie cyborgs on Mill Ave for Coffee Plantation or Three Roots Cafe.You can sit in a tiny cafe decorated by your mom's PTA board and drink watery drinks at Gold Bar.You can rock out to AC/DC and Iron Maiden while sipping a latte at Xtreme Bean.Or, you might stumble into Steve's Espresso.  This is not the greatest location, nor is everything absolutely perfect. But viewed in context with their competition, I've found Steve's to be the absolute best in town for a number of reasons.1.  The coffee flavored coffee is amazing.  Steve uses french press for his coffee and the difference is tangible.  Steve's is home to the smoothest cup of coffee I've ever had.  I'd advise anyone with acid reflux or heartburn to try his java.2.  The espresso drinks have that perfect balance of coffee and flavor.   I've personally watched the baristas (and Steve himself) throw out shots that didn't meet their standards (ie, a lot of crema).3.  The atmosphere is great.  Urban and upscale, but not pretentious.  They keep a steady stream of eclectic and soothing music playing, and the lighting is great.  4.  You can work here.  Steve's is quiet enough to get work done.  They really seem to cater to the grad student and professional- every table along any wall is outfitted with its own powerstrip.  There are two wireless networks available- one in-house and one from Peter Piper.  5.  The prices.  A large sugar-free vanilla latte cost me $3.65.  Try that at Starbucks and you'll pay over $4, same thing at Gold Bar or Xtreme Bean.6.  The temptations.  Try a pumpkin muffin.  I hate cinnamon as a general rule, but even I can't resist these pumpkin-pie-tasting wonders.  They're huge too.  Seriously, I crave them.So, what's not perfect here?  I only have one gripe- the wireless is so damned slow that webpages sometimes time out.  I don't know if the neighbors are stealing access or what, but it's by far the slowest WiFi I've gotten in a Tempe coffee shop.  I ran a bandwidth test and got about 120 kbps, as compared with 800kbps at Xtreme Bean.Nonetheless, it's free and completely unrelated to the best thing about the place- the coffee.  As a professor, I give Steve a 98 out of 100.UPDATE:If you went to Steve's on my recommendation of their pumpkin muffins, I am sad to report that they've cut them in half.  They still taste great, but what used to be a pretty large muffin is now slightly smaller than average.  Bummer.
5	I've been here 4 or 5 times. The french press is what I have purchased all of those times, and its excellent. Smooth tasty cup of joe, at a cheap price, and a great atmosphere. I'm not one to loiter around coffee houses too long, but if I were to do a little bit of loitering this would be the place to loiter. They have a great selection of teas, as previously mentioned. Steves is recommended.
4	Good morning coffee :)  I live about 2 blocks from Steve's and I find myself stopping by occasionally before work. As far as I know the owner opens the cafe around 6ish in the morning? I don't really know, seeing as how i need my coffee in order to communicate and I am usually running out the door on my way to work. Drinks are great, the place is clean and the tea selection is outrageous. I have never had a complaint about steve's and I don't think the future will bring dissatisfaction either.
4	Thanks to all of you yelpers before me who wrote such great reviews about Steve's Espresso... and thanks to Alicia B. who suggested we have a bookclub meeting here too.  Otherwise, I never would've ventured out to McClintock and Baseline in Tempe.Not sure what else I can say other than what a great find this is... I can't speak to the coffee, but the iced tea was refreshing on a beautiful afternoon like today.  It was clean, unassuming, although there were a good amount of people there, it was quiet enough to concentrate if you needed to get work done...  there was a good energy in the air!  Drew was working the counter and was friendly - both in the store and when I called to make sure they were dog friendly (which they are if the dog stays outside).I didn't check out the restrooms which is surprising, but I'll have to do that next visit!  I'll also have to try some of the scrumptious looking snacks... Since they are open until 10pm every night of the week, maybe I'll go hang one evening soon!  Like Alicia, I only wish it were closer to my work/home.  Do you hear that Steve?  How about a 2nd location?
4	I spend every Thursday evening at Steve's... and also maybe some time before finals... and after.Its a really chill place to hang out. I love the music, the friendly atmosphere. Every Thursday the same group is there. The Bible study group in the corner, the students studying with their laptops, the loud Russian speaking club... oh that's us!The vanilla syrup is their own creation. I have been inducted into the exclusive elite of those in the know, but I won't divulge. I can replicate that at home, but what I can't get a handle on is how to make such a smooth espresso. Their vanilla lattes are out of this world. I don't usually drink coffee, but I crave vanilla lattes from Steve's.They have a nice selection of teas, but don't trust the little sniffer jars up at the front. I think they have not changed the tea in those little bottles for at least a year, but the tea served to customers is fresh.I'm living one latte to the next.
4	Best feature: The VibeAlright, so I'm a Barista at another coffee shop and I've decided to review every coffee place except my own.  That being said, Steve's espresso is one of my favorite's at the moment.  Actually, it's kinda becoming my standard first date place(I think the Baristas are giving me the "I know what's up" look).Their lattes are great; smooth and palpable.  At night (where most of my experience lays, ha) they play these sleepy grooves that you just barely notice.  The art on the wall is Arizona twilight meets shiny 8th grader art project - I love it.  The Barista that I usually get is pretty cool.  He's really quiet and a great shot puller!  I think his name is Drew.
4	Good coffee, good tea, nice seating--music can be kind of loud though. I really like their Buckingham Palace tea, with bergamot (Earl Grey flavoring) and jasmine. However, their pot of tea is the smaller than a large, but costs more. I forget this every time I get it, but maybe they're supposed to refill it or something ... The prices are pretty reasonable in general, like 2.50 for a cappuccino/latte. I like the seating, tables, comfy chairs, usually I can get my pick. Also, can't beat the free wi-fi! A good place to study/meet/or just get a good drink. The baristas are really nice too.Oooo and they have good pastries mmmmmm
4	Been to Steve's a few times.  Time for a review.  (+ positive, - negative, -/+ neutral)+ Good ambiance.  Low lighting and sweet music.  I really enjoy studying here.+ Slightly above average coffee.  I've had better, but Steve's still has really good drinks.+ Awesome prices.  I'm in college and I really like saving my money.-/+ Customer service is alright.  One time I was there only one barista working.  He was obviously a high school student and had other important things going on.  Two of his friends came in and chatted him up at the counter... and they weren't quiet.  Then, he left the counter, with no one else there, to go outside for a smoke and talk with his little friends.  Nothing happened in result, but I thought it was rude.
4	My first time at Steve's Espresso.I love Steve's!  Cool & funky atmosphere.  Funky music.  Good prices.  Funky barista.  What isn't improved if you rub a little funk on it?  I had a ham & cheese brioche with my iced decaf.  Surprisingly good!  The filling was nice and not scrimpy.  The pastry pocket was flaky and delicious with a nice rosemary flavor.  Good light lunch!Can you say free wifi?
2	After reading all of this hype I was expecting Amazingness x 100!!!I have passed by this place so many times and have never seen it from the street. When I entered I was expecting that warm sense you get from the pictures. I was a little disappointed to say the least.... It looked like a dimly lit cave and they had these weird blue lights on the ceiling that made me feel like I was in a pet store in the reptile section.The barista was friendly and nice. He made me a giant Carmel Macchiato iced. It tasted pretty good although the choice in cup made me feel like I was at someones house making a smoothie for the pool. This place was alright, but it definitely didn't have that cozy alive feeling that the pictures showed. If you needed to study and wanted something low key this is great. I think I'm going to stick to Extreme bean and Solo cafe for now.
4	Ok, so I finally found this place!  Tucked away in a little strip mall across from some car dealerships, its a great little find.  I noticed that they have great hours here, open early and late at night as well.The seating here is great.  Could accomidate a group as long as its not super busy, and they seem to have a decent menu of sorts.  I really like this place, and the guy at the counter who helped me was nice and funny.  Worth a stop to grab some coffee, read the paper, or surf the internet.
4	Steve's has great prices for some of the best coffee in Tempe. The space is warmly decorated and inviting, perfect for an after-dinner cup of coffee with friends.They make their own food and pastries here every day as well. Try their brioche!
2	In the last year, they've made a few changes that really killed this place for me.  First, their supplier of pastries must have gotten uppity with them because the size of their excellent pumpkin muffins has been halved.  And yes, the price has remained the same.Second, they've decided to close at 8pm now.  As a student who needs a place to study until at least 10, this is totally unhelpful to me.
3	Steve's Espresso was recommended to me by a friend one day as I was on my way to work before Solo Cafe opened and desperate for some heavenly caffeine. When they told me where it was I almost didn't believe them, as I drive past it every day and never knew it was there. It's pretty hidden and the main sign doesn't have the name of the business but just says coffee I believe. The coffee is pretty good. I have come to love the aztec mocha. I also appreciate that the cups are already insulated thus eliminating the need for the crazy cup holder/warmer thing that doesn't really work at all and keeps falling down.The atmosphere is fairly plain. I believe they have free wifi, but to me it feels like just another establishment I'd stop in quickly but not be inclined to stay at. I'd love to see a more inviting feel. I'd probably stay and have more coffee instead of getting mine to go.
5	Best moca in Tempe.  Great place to sit and enjoy.
5	I love Steve's.  Having been here twice now, I feel safe with my conclusion.Steve's Espresso is tucked away on the side of an obscure strip mall in Tempe.  Most don't even know it is here, which is perfect for an increasingly anti-social nerd like myself.The atmosphere is a little bit different, too.  While it is like most coffee shops, it is a bit simpler and the music is a bit different.  All of which add to my liking of this place. Let's not forget the coffee.  While I can admit I may have had better coffee at other places, the espresso at Steve's is very delicious.  And for some reason, I have noticed their Mocha tends to give me a bit more motivation than most places.  I thank @bwilley for having a meeting with me here, because it is now a new fav.
4	I always look forward to stopping here and getting my caramel macchiato!!!
5	Good coffee good atmosphere and a good place to meet up. I like finding these quaint hidden independently owned coffee houses they are great! The staff is great since whenever I come in I am only half mast and they must decipher what it is I am trying to request. Give them a shot (no pun intended) they are worth it!
4	Awesome little place. Freshly brewed coffee and tons of teas. Really friendly service too. I hope to see the atmosphere spiced up a little more (ie paintings, photos, or any other sort of art).
5	I went here one day last year cuz the SBs drive through line was to long. I got a red  eye and it was the absolute best coffee drink I have ever had!!!!! I moved to Chandler but still prefer steves over any cup in town.....
4	Took me a bit to find as it's just south of baseline facing McClintock (even though the address is baseline). Look for a big sign that says "COFFEE" and not so much "Steve's Espresso" :)Small place, Good coffee, and a cool tea selection. I definitely will return to sample some of those teas.
5	I've visited Steve's espresso once, but the cute bistro made the best Dirty Chai I've had in a long time!!!  The atmosphere of the place is great and cozy, and the drink selection looks amazing! Next time I go I'm gonna try the Aztec Gold(or something like that) a chocolate spicy mocha that looked delectable!!  They're kinda in the corner of a cheesy strip but worth the drive for a good priced coffee drink!
5	Love moca and breakfast!
5	I recently relocated and finding a local coffee shop was a priority for me.  Over the last several months, Steve has suggested variations on my standard drink - all of which have been amazing!  Its refreshing to be in a place that really knows coffee and how to bring out its best qualities.I just got back from vacation and couldn't wait to get my cup of coffee this morning - none of the coffee shops during vacation held a candle to the flavor of the coffee at Steve's Espresso.
2	I was pretty disappointed with Steve's Espresso.  Considering its moniker, you'd think the espresso would be good here.  It wasn't.  My espresso was bitter and a touch sour.  It was drinkable, but that's hardly a recommendation.  I tried one of their breakfast pastries, with cheese, bacon, and egg.  I was even less impressed with that.  I was surprised when the cashier handed it to me and told me I should go microwave it myself in an oven they have by the door.  I was told to put it in for 45 seconds.  I figured they would know their business and trusted what I was told.  After I left I decided to sneak a bite while stopped at a light.  The thing was ice cold in the center.  Great.  A bacon, egg and cheese-icle.  Even the part around the edge that was warm wasn't that great.  The dough tasted like it came out of a tube.  I probably would have been better off with something else.  There were several baked goods in the case that looked amazing.The person that helped me seemed really nice, so I kind of feel bad giving the place such a hard review.  Honestly, most people would probably be happy with the drinks here, especially if you're the sort that pumps a bunch of sugary crap into your drink. According to a sign on the door they specialize in French press coffee, so ordering that might be a better bet.  But if that's the case, why doesn't he call the place Steve's French Press Coffee?  Either way, I won't be risking another stop here.
4	Steve could/should open his own bakery. He's positively obsessive over his recipes (I've overheard him obsessing). The scones are absolutely amazing. They are moist, almost like an airy, more structured cake. They come in chocolate chip and cranberry, but the cc is far superior. Biscotti are good and baked in-house. Ditto the quiche things, but not really my style. Gluten-free peanut butter cookie is soft and delicious--without any qualifications or excuses for the gluten free part. To respond to the post right below me, the brioches, etc., come cold so people can take them to-go and microwave at work. I found this pretty convenient, and am not really offended by microwaving my own stuff if I stay there. Frankly, I prefer to man-handle my own food. Coffee is great. Lattes are wonderful. My one disappointment in the drink arena is that they don't make the chai latte with real brewed chai tea a la Coffee Bean. The mixes really gross me out. I personally find the music too  loud in there to study. It's nice that there's a restroom. Biggest con: the douchey conversations re not being at Starbucks. I feel you. I hate the bux too. Steve's is far superior. I just wish we didn't have to congratulate ourselves on it.
4	Love this place - you can get a good "hardcore" coffee or a nice, tasty mocha. It also gets a nice blend of clients, and I never see it too full of hipsters or too full of laptops.A great independent business - stop in and enjoy!
5	Added bonus: Get the scones early (before 7am) and they are still warm. Yummm.
4	Steve's is in my Baseline & Guadalupe neighborhood, and I have come to rely on their ultra smooth french press coffee.  A mellow coffeehouse that isn't packed with hipsters who stand around outside smoking.   Wonderful place for actually reading.  A great independent Tempe business...  don't go to Starbucks in Tempe when you have so many other choices.
5	I've been going to Steve's for years now, and I can't believe that I haven't reviewed it here... I really can't say enough good things about them.Their coffee is wonderful, never bitter or sour. My personal favorite is the Aztech Mocha. The staff is so friendly, and almost always recognize me. I feel like even when they're busy, they take the time to talk to me. Whenever I'm hesitant about a drink, they assured me that if I didn't like it, they'd make me something else. Their food is mostly handmade and always very good. I really do try to visit the smaller, independently owned business in my area, since it seems that Phoenix is so corporate. I will absolutely go out of my way to visit Steve's -- and that says a lot since there are many competitors out there.(on a side note, the only drawback of Steve's is that I cannot tip when I use my credit card. The staff almost always deserves a tip and I feel like a jerk when I don't have any cash)
4	tried going here on new years day.  was met with "closed" disappointment,  but i should have known better.  i'm glad i went back as this was my 1st trip to steves, tho surely not my last.  i took  picture of the delicious  aztec mocha .... a big cup of love as my roommate said.  and the breakfast brioche was tasty.  plus a snickerdoodle ... not a bad way to start your sunday.  the staff were really friendly and i'm sure could hold court on any conversation.  the music was laid back and loud enough to enjoy and still soft enough to speak to one another.  in a nutshell, it's always fun to find a cool coffee shop, and this one goes down as one of the coolest.  i'm guessing i am late to this discovery....  what has kept me away?  might make it a staple from now on.
4	I like Steve's. The sign is wierd and I get visions of Freddy Kruger when I pass the place, but the coffee is good. Local stuff. The place is good for working.First time I went in I got kinda "my sh*% don't stink" kinda vibe from the barista. It is kinda offputting, so I stayed away for a bit, but have gone back and haven't had any issues.I prefer Solo down the street, but when I am here and it's convenient, I go to Steve's. Good coffee, good workspace. The end.
4	It is just dismal those few times you want something to eat at the coffee house, and your choices are sad breakfast offerings or overpriced bakery items.  But I am vouching for Steve's food!... bacon, jalepeno & cheese frittata (w/ thin sliced potatoes as the bottom layer) as well as the ham & cheese stuffed brioche!  You do have to heat yourself.. luckily the microwave does have power settings, so go PL-7 or 8 to avoid overcooking as you heat.  These guys are open early (5:30am M-F and 6:30am S-S)... so this is going to be my new go to place to grab some food when I have an early morning  flight or roadtrip.
3	I went here a few weeks ago (and forgot to review?!?!). I went with the BF on a saturday morning to get some coffee to go with some cupcakes we got the night before (we're health nuts). I had heard good things about Steve's and wanted to give them a try instead of going to our usual (Cartel), and they are on my list for the coffee tour of phoenix (which I am only a few coffee shops deep in). Anyway, so the place looks like a standard coffee shop and smells delicious like baking pastries and cinnamon.... *drool. I wish I didn't have those cupcakes at home cuz their food offerings looked delicious. I ordered a latte and the BF got their house roast drip. The coffee was sadly just ok. My latte wasn't really frothy at the top like most are and the flavor was a little off for me... can't put my finger on why. The Bf's was fine, but it was just regular old coffee, so it's always pretty fine. I will come back here, however, because they have lots of cool sounding coffee drinks, like aztec coffee..... also, I want to try those pastries! They are also slightly less expensive than Cartel.... although I have to say, from this one experience, Cartel wins.
5	The problem with North Tempe is it's dominated by large chain restaurants and Starbucks. Steve's Espresso breaks the mold and is the boutique coffee shop and lounge I've been looking for. They have the best coffee, tea, and fresh made pastries in all of Tempe. It's in an unassuming location and you've probably driven passed it a thousand times and didn't even know it was there. Make a point to stop by and I promise you wont be disappointed. My favorite is a Mocha with Almond Milk, no whip, and a Chocolate Chip Cookie. So good.
4	This is my go-to coffee house in Tempe.  I love that they offer almond milk and their mocha is delicious.  By the way, if you haven't ever had an almond milk mocha, get one here.  I was actually here this morning at 9:30am and they were out of almond milk, but I'm sure that was just a glitch in the matrix.I also appreciate the seating they provide.  There's a good number of tables and chairs and couches inside, as well as a few tables out front.  It's the perfect spot for a quick meeting, a quiet place to catch up on emails, or just enjoy a cup of joe.
2	Sorry Steve! I feel kind of guilty, but I have come here two or three times in the last couple of weeks due to it's somewhat close proximity to my living area..... each time has been worse and worse. I still haven't tried the food, which still looks super good! I did, however, try some different coffee drinks. I tried the mocha coconut iced and the aztec mocha iced. Both were appalling. I could not finish either. The coconut tasted WAY too sweet and a little chemical -ish. The Aztec was okay at first.... but slowly became cloyingly sweet as well.... maybe it's the chocolate they use? It was totally unpleasant. The Barista's have always been nice enough, and the space is nice, but man. The coffee just isn't there.....
5	I love this place. They truly have the best coffee drinks in town.  The scones are out of this world and so are the brioche.  Give this place a try, you won't be disappointed.
4	Got a double espresso after a long day. Good coffee!! The color scheme is warm and inviting. The food is ok, if it was better id give it 5 stars. Stellar pick for coffee though. I do wish it was open later!!
5	Locally roasted beans. Really great espresso. French pressed coffee. Made-from-scratch baked goods. Servers know coffee. Fun jazzy soundtrack. Free WiFi.What more do you need? I've been going to this place on and off for ten years, and their espresso has always been among the best. I just wish I would've been smart enough to buy a house closer by!
4	I went there for the first time today and got an iced honey-vanilla latte and I was impressed. I'm not a fan of espresso drinks that are too sweet so I was hesitant, but this was great. Just sweet enough, but I could still taste the espresso. I also got a cranberry orange scone and I will definitely be going back for more of those! It was packed with cranberries and was just overall tasty.
5	Best coffee in the valley!! And the pastries a-mazing.
5	This coffee house ROCKS! The staff is incredibly kind, the fresh baked goods are fantastic, and the coffee... Well it's incredible.  They use a french press to prepare coffee and it makes for an incredible brew!  The atmosphere is great with awesome music!!!!  In general, this place is a definite two thumbs up! You won't be disappointed!
4	Nice, little spot we stopped in today after having lunch at Pasand. The employee was very friendly and decor was standard of a coffee shop. Despite being full from Indian buffet, I can't help but try baked goods in a new spot. For me, this was a soft-baked Snickerdoodle, that was good. I also had a small, non-fat pumpkin latte (yes, non-fat with the cookie!) that was equally enjoyable. For a total of 2 cookies, a juice box, latte, double espresso, and small italian soda, it came out to a little over $10. Not too shabby.
3	Here now.  Internet is horribly slow.  Molasses drips faster.  Other than that, the place is pretty good.
5	Everything here is great, enough said.
2	Went back to this place.  Internet was still awful.  Can't watch any videos.  Mocha is really good.  But they lost a customer for good.  You're a coffee shop, and people come here to study.  If you can't provide adequate internet, then that's a problem, and a foolish one on the owners behalf.
5	I'm going to try and not over-state it here.  I love Steve's Espresso.  Maybe there are fancier coffee shops out there.  I'm not going to say this is the best Coffee shop in the world.  But it *is* the best one I've been to in this area and I've tried quite a few.The atmosphere is decent, though I always find it to be a little warmer and louder inside than I'd prefer, but that's just my opinion, it's not too bad at all.  The service is always good - there is usually one of two guys working the espresso machine, and they are both great - super friendly, make good drinks and they make those good drinks fast.  Free wi-fi here as well.  I've been all over the menu to try most of the drinks they have.  I like my drinks strong, but not bitter or over-roasted...and Steve's never disappoints.  I've yet to have a bad experience here.  My wife, however, found one drink and will never stray - the Aztec Mocha -- it's delightful.  The pastries are also pretty good too -- yes, they are made before you get there.  Yes, you warm them in the microwave.  But they are not half bad.  Sure there are fresher options in the world.  But these are decent for sure.  Personally, I get the breakfast brioche...a lot.  The scones are excellent as well.  The orange/cranberry one in particular.They also have a pretty good looking selection of loose leaf teas as well -- I'm not a big tea guy (except when I'm sick), so I haven't tried any of the teas...but I will some day.I could go on and on.  But if you're in the Tempe area and need a coffee...skip Starbucks and gives Steve's a try.
5	I woke up late one morning & did not have a chance to eat breakfast so my husband swung by my office & gave me a scone to eat. It was the best scone I have ever had, so I asked him where he got it & he told me it was from this little coffee house called Steve's. I had to go and check it out myself. I got there right after they opened (about 5:30 in the morning) so they were not really busy yet, but the guys behind the counter both greeted me & one took my coffee order and the other grabbed me a scone.  The service was really fast & I was in and out in 2 minutes, which was GREAT because I needed to hurry up and get to work. Once I was at work I was able to sit down & enjoy what I ordered. I got the French Roast which was nice & bold as advertised. They use a French Press to brew all their coffee which usually means a 5+ minute wait at any other coffee house (not to mention you have to specifically request it at other places), but because this is their standard method they already had it ready to go. But the coffee was not even the best part. They had 2 different kinds of scones today; Chocolate Chip or Cranberry Orange. So I picked the Cranberry one & it was delish! Their scones are flaky but still moist & perfect. The tart cranberries were just what I wanted in the morning with the sweetness of the scone itself & the strong cup of coffee. The sign up front also said that they make all their treats from scratch! Great little place to stop in the morning. This was the perfect start to my Friday! I will definitely be back.
5	I've only been here a few times, but every time I have, the atmosphere has been very chill and the service has been fast. I just tried their chai today- made by Steve himself. Don't be fooled by the fact your milk won't turn that pink/rust color- the chai is excellent. It's a little sweet, but very smooth with an even blend of spices. I hope to see a real spicy chai from them someday. Also had some of their espresso- very even flavors. Bravo. Barista was very knowledgable.
4	Friend was headed to Steve's Espresso before heading into work, now I have given up drinking coffee at the beginning of the year, so I can't give a testament to how great the coffee taste (yes Starbucks has been calling because they do notice how much I used to spend their) but I asked my friend to pick me up something sweet, she brought me 2 chocolate chip scones! Let me tell you they were delish! I was doing paperwork while eating my scones, and keep thinking man this is good stuff, the chocolate chips were nice & firm and the scone was sweet and moist, sometimes I have had scones that where dry and in need of coffee or tea to help finish them down! But these scones are top notch! I was rather sad :( when I noticed they were all gone, did I really just eat both of them!! Dang it!!! Have to go back and get more!!
4	I forgot how much I like this place! Great coffee, great service, and AWESOME PEANUTBUTTER COOKIES....mmmmmmmmmmm!!!!!!!!!I love that they have a ton of loose teas to choose from, and their coffee is smooth and delish as well (coffee is ALWAYS better made in a french press!). The barista told me they get some of their teas from their roaster and from tealux (have to research that one) They offer soy and almond milk options, for us anti-dairy folk. They have housemade cookies and pastries and fritatas. They only thing, with the fritatas, you have to reheat them yourself in a microwave (personally, I prefre made-to-order food).I don't know if it's true with all the cookies, but at least I know the peanutbutter cookie is gluten and dairy free, though not vegan (contains eggs). Great service.....the barista even texted his boss for me to verify what ingredients are used in the cookies. Nice guy!Great coffee shop for the area! I'm a fan :)
4	Awesome coffee, I got an iced coffee and it was pretty delicious. It was strong but very low in acidity, which is always the way I prefer an iced coffee. I also ordered the veggie frittata and took it to go. I was really impressed with the frittata, it was light and fluffy and the veggies were crisp even after I reheated it. I try to support local whenever I can and I am really happy my friend suggested this place instead of Starbucks. Fast and Fresh and Free Wi Fi!
4	This place is lovely. Local. Affordable. &&Quaint.I don't go out for coffee very often, but when I do I always end up coming back to this place. They have pretty good Chai Lattes and it's a GREAT place for business matters. The staff knows what they're doing and are very friendly. Plus, they have french press coffee for all you coffee snobs ;) and fresh baked goodies that are quite delicious.Definitely Recommend.
4	Iced latte and chocolate chip scone were both great!
5	I started liking this place after I tried the iced Aztec Mocha.  Strong and delicious with a taste of mexican chocolate and cinnamon.  I've tried hot coffee and it's smooth.  Tried the iced chai latte and it needed sugar, I guess I was expecting something closer to the Starbucks, like really sweet.....Have had their bacon/jalapeno frittata and it's sooo good.  Not at all spicy like I thought, but definetely a taste of chile with some chunks of potatoe and chunks of cheese.Never mind my sweet tooth, I enjoy supporting this local place.  The barista is always so nice and quick!  Haven't tried the teas because I'm intimated by all the different selections.  I agree with another post, the sign does remind me of FreddyKruger too!! :)  Sometimes I worry their location doesn't give them enough justice to how great this little place is.
5	Working from home and felt like a breakfast burrito this morning.  Not a lot of quick, nearby choices so I was headed towards Jack when I decided I wanted espresso too this morning.  I got so lucky in that, forget about Jack I found out Steve's has breakfast food!I've been to Steve's Espresso quite a few times since its nearby and their coffee and espresso drinks are fantastic.  My favorite is chi tea with a shot of espresso and soy milk prepared warm (not hot) so I can drink it immediately without scalding my tongue.  Lots of coffee shops offer similar, but Steve's tastes better and the staff actually know how to follow directions and produce a perfect, warm cup every time.I'm not typically a morning person so this was my first trip to Steve';s in the morning (but won't be my last).  My chi only took a couple minutes for them to make, but while waiting I noticed a large display case with a little sign that read "Everything in this case made here, from scratch daily".  Contained within were a large variety of french breakfast pastries such as brioche.  I asked for a bacon, egg & cheese brioche and was told they had just come out of the oven.  A moment later I was holding a light, warm and fluffy pastry that is one of the best I've ever had.  Forget Jack for breakfast burritos, Steve's is a vastly better choice (and it was less than $3 too!!!!).
3	great drinks. Good prices. BUT YOUR HOURS MAKE ME WANT TO DESTROY YOU.
3	Coffee is OK, people nice. Always desolate,though.
5	I live right between here and Solo Cafe (another nearby coffee shop). I always end up going to Steve's when I need to get work done. They've got bigger tables and a generally more mature clientele. They also play some good music, which unlike Solo, is relaxing and easy to work to.And not to mention the coffee... it's the best in town. They french press every cup, which I love. The refills are cheap, unlike Solo.I haven't tried the food, but it looks great and always tempts me.
4	Great Americanos. The espresso beans have a great balance, and the atmosphere is upbeat. I live in the area and think this is one of the best, authentic places to get coffee.
4	The coffee fairies were on my side today! Needed coffee today, I used the magic power of yelp to locate the nearest place & found an awesome hidden local shop! I'd driven by it dozens of times, didn't know it was there. That's the power of yelp! I had a caramel latte, yum! Great price, hopping shop but plenty of indoor & outdoor seating! I'll definitely go back, now that yelp has showed me the way!And now I see that my Yelper friends have been there as well, definitely a hot spot!
5	Great service great coffee
3	This place started to be cool, but I didn't appreciate not being told BEFOREHAND about the wifi not being in service. Being a student I frequent coffee shops to not only indulge in my coffee obsession but to be able to peruse the World Wide Web so I may conduct research while I study, and after I placed my order and took my seat to get down to business, much to my dismay, the wifi was not connecting, so I asked the barista who then told me sorry but the wifi was out of service and didn't know when it would be up and running again. BAD customer service! I get you still want to make money and conduct your business, but you should be honest and give people the choice if they want to patronize you if you do not have certain in demand services available. The coffee was good and bran muffin was very tasty, and I love the 50 cent refill option, but I'm deducting starts for the lack of communication about the Internet.
4	I really like going to this place when I am in the area. The ambiance is interesting, the music is pretty loud and the decor is all burgundy and orange and it's comfortable to be inside. The coffee is really solid and the food is made in house unlike the food at other coffee joints. I like the sun dried tomato and mushroom brioche and the Aztec mocha. Stop by this place if you are around, it is worth your time and will provide a good break in the middle of the workday. My only real beef with this place is that you have to heat up your food after they made it in the microwave, oh well! The employees are also rad here! Really friendly, solid spot!
2	I've had a mocha there before and it was good, as well as bought some loose leaf tea as a gift for a friend. That's not what the 2-star rating is about though. My 2 stars are for the fact I stood in line, looked at the menu, and was about to order when I finally saw the (small) sign about no WiFi. Not only was it irritating that I stood and waited in line, it was even more frustrating to realize that I had almost ordered without discovering that first since I was going to try to get some work done. Only reason I'd even stopped in was to try to support another local coffee shop (I had already been to GoldBar earlier that day and enjoyed a tasty mocha, PLUS free WiFi).
2	On my most recent visit, I chatted with the owner about two disappointing trends I've noticed at Steve's.  A few years ago, you could count on a neat little plug strip next to each table.  In addition to good coffee, glorious muffins, and burbling chilled-out house music, you could find at Steve's a good place to get your work done.  The Wi-Fi has always been spotty, but a lot of the good tables have been replaced with little cocktail tables and, worse yet, those ubiquitous plug strips are gone.  Steve explained that he's tired of people buying his coffee and studying, thereby taking up space in his store.  So in order to make more money, he's getting rid of the plugs and plans to get rid of the free wifi in the next few years. He seemed to think this would not be a problem; I think he underestimates how many people require wifi to do their work and how little most folks care about gourmet-level coffee if it comes without a good place to do work.
4	I've been to Steve's a dozen times.  There's a lot to like here.  It is locally owned.  The coffee is all locally roasted.  The baked goods (cookies, scones, frittata) are all house made--and if one can catch the chocolate chip cookies right out the oven, they're beyond magnificent.  There's a bookcase with free reading material--books, magazines, and newspapers.  The tables are big enough to stretch out a book and a laptop.  There are downsides.  The internet almost never works (and when it does it is really slow).  The baristas are always happy to reset it but it usually doesn't help.  It's worth it to get a service at Sunset Nails next door to steal their wireless password.  It is often hot--especially in the afternoon.  And then there's the music.  You know the kind of music they make fun of Ian for in High Fidelity?  That's what's usually playing.Still, the place is never too crowded and while I find the coffee a bit ordinary, the food is great, as is the chill (hipster-free) vibe.  Steve's is a great place to get some work done or sit and read a book.
5	THIS is what real coffee tastes like!!  As someone who has fallen victim to waking up for work at the very last minute and grabbing starbucks from near my work I must say that when I come here it makes me want to turn my life around and become a morning person!!!  This coffee is to DIE FOR.  I always get the iced mocha which is absolutely decadent.And if we must use fancy words then I need an even better one for the chocolate chip scones (Delectable?  Mouthwatering? Heavenly?) WOW!!  They are sweet, buttery, and "melt in your mouth" good!  If you live in Tempe, love coffee, and haven't been here then you best get your butt there because its AMAZING!
5	Great coffeeComfortable environmentThe barristas need to wear more stripesUpdate 26 April 2013:Just found out I am a supertaster, you can get the test strips from amazon.I'll bet Steve's patrons have a higher percentage of supertasters than regular coffee shops.Update 29Jan2014:Steve's Espresso is now run by his younger, thinner, and more stylish nephew Esteban HerreraEsteban is considering changing the present rectangular art to rhombus, parallelogram, or perhaps even trapezoid shaped art.
4	Quiet place; great for working . . . Unless you need Internet for your job. Then you must contend with their unbelieveably slow WIFI. The Mexican Mocha is delish!
3	Nice environment. Good coffee. No wifi.
2	I had a few hours of work to do before dinner so I came in here. The owners decided that the internet ruins conversation and killed internet access so people could talk more and communicate with each other.Though I think that was an interesting move, it may just be a killer because so many people depend on coffee shops for that quiet time to get work done.The iced mocha itself wasnt bad but the lack of internet killed it for me.
2	The chai latte was good, but no WiFi?   Probably a good place to chat it up with friends.  Unfortuneately since the chairs are hard and the WiFi disconnected, it doesn't meet my needs.  Not likely to return.
1	NO wifi, average coffee at best. I dont get all the complements on this place. Was not thrilled with it at all.
4	I love the coffee here.  Try an iced honey vanilla latte or an Aztec mocha.  The pastries are decent, I'm fond of the scones but I tried some of the artisan brioche and was not impressed.Honestly, it would be a 5-star from me if it weren't for the lack of wi-fi.  I have to laugh every time I see the notices that say "Warning! Loud music and lively conversation!"  Yeah right.  It's a super quiet coffee shop.  Stop lying to yourself and bring back the wi-fi.  Those people who sit there for hours working and drinking coffee are great for your business, and none of the other patrons care.
5	Who am I kidding - I'm addicted to this place.  No wifi and occasional bad service be damned, the espresso is the highest quality I've had so far in Arizona.  That alone deserves 5 stars.  Also, the fall drinks are great.
4	Steve's offers a nice variety of coffee and tea drinks, including seasonal drinks such as pumpkin spice latte. They offer both soy and almond milk as milk alternatives, for $.40 extra. Service was fast and friendly, and the drink I had (Iced pumpkin spice latte with almond milk) was pretty good. I'll definitely frequent Steve's again for their caffeinated drinks and their option to add almond milk instead of soy!
5	No wifi but it's great if you know you're easily distracted online. Studied here for finals and read everything out my books. Coffee is delicious and so are the breakfast brioches(incase you skipped breakfast). The price is great. Definitely coming back again and definitely going to recommend.
4	Love this place! Steve and his employees are super friendly and they make the best chai latte in the East Valley!
5	Having broken the grip of the evil empire, I have been in search of local coffee houses close to my home and work that are worth supporting.  Steve's Espresso does not disappoint.  I have been visiting for a little over 6 months or so on a weekly basis, and although the 4 revolving cashiers could not tell me my name or preempt my drink order, Steve actually sat me down one day and suggested a cheaper version of the drink I ordered daily.  This wasn't movie theater upsize to a "better value" kind of sale, which I appreciated.  The vibe is laid back, decent music, copy of the USA Today, delicious homemade breakfast and snacks (cinnamon roll is amazing), and most importantly, some of the best local coffee in the Tempe area.  Cappuccinos aren't watered down; foam thick enough to lay a penny on; remarkably fast service by the baristas who are always cheerful.  Steve can usually be found lording over his staff if he isn't a few feet away making his signature buttery delights.  No wifi, no problem.  Steve's proudly advertises no wifi, a common complaint by some of the previous reviewers.  I don't have a problem with this.  I am not a coffee shop dweller or internet leach.  Some people are more than happy to set up a basecamp in coffee shops, short of rigging a cot next to their work/study station.  For some places and some people, I guess that's fine but there is something to be said for the lost art of talking to your company, reading a paper, or just tuning out for a short time.  We are already too spoiled a society as it is that we should black list a local business with a good model simply because we are too cheap to use our own data plans or can't pitch a tent inside a coffee shop all day and spend $3.90, soaking on theirs.  Go for the coffee, not the internet.
4	Have had fairly good espresso here, including ristretto upon request.  Good local place that isn't too pretentious, and yet also has quality coffee and espresso.  Prices reasonable.  Parking decent during the day.
4	Their fresh pressed coffee is really good.
2	Coffee is so so..do not order the frittata's! So weird that you have to microwave it yourself. And then its just bland. Also- no wi-fi???
4	Had a double espresso.  It was prepared as it should be and I enjoyed it.  Nice ambiance and music not too loud.
5	Went this morning with my 4 month old for a quick relaxed breakfast and cup of coffee.  A few months back they did away with free WiFi and i think it made the atmosphere more inviting. No more wifi moochers spending hours camped at tables and sofas. It feels more like a place you could easily have a conversation with a friend.  The customer service was polite and fast. Had the Jalapeno Cheddar Fritatta and a Iced Americano (about $6.50 total). I'll be back for both.
5	This quaint strip mall coffee shop is a gem in the Southern Tempe area. After entering their boldly painted space (naartjie orange walls, plum purple ceiling), I was met by a smiling barista who told me they were known for their Aztec Mocha Iced Coffee. Since I had never been here before (coupled with the fact that I was in an adventurous mood), I excitedly ordered the Aztec Mocha. When the barista handed me her final product, my tastebuds were met with a resounding cinnamon and smooth coffee flavored beverage. It was the perfect drink for a scorching afternoon. My only wish this they had another shop that was closer to my house so that I could stop here more often. I would highly recommend Steve's Espresso to any coffee buff.
5	Great place!! Best coffee I've had in the close vicinity for sure!!! Also they have wonderful homemade pastries and frittata. Patient, quick and friendly staff. A great find in my neighborhood!!!
5	I've been a regular at Steve's for 9 years now and I drink his regular coffee not his espresso drinks. His coffee is French pressed and hands down the smoothest in town .. and anywhere for that matter.  When I travel, which includes Seattle sometimes, I feel like I'm slumming it until I get back home to Tempe.  No joke. I personally like a more chocolaty blend of coffee and his medium and bold blends both hit the chocolate high notes square on with NO BITTERNESS. (Beware:  After tasting Steve's coffee, you will not be able to stomach the low quality bitter Starbuck's coffee)  I love it and so does my wife.  She loves his Assam tea which is also world class ... greg
4	The breakfast they serve here is one of the best. Due to the location Central Station i would say the quality of the food cannot be compromised therefore the ingredients are fresh due to the high flow of people aswell.The pancakes are good, not excellent but still some of the best i had in town.
4	Had the honey vanilla latte and it was decent. New for me and not something you see on the menu of many coffee places. Disappointed it was a honey sweetener and not actual honey, could be a great opportunity for a local bee keeper. Would love to see a chili chocolate tea or coffee drink here!Great lighting and happy that it's unplugged. It's loud with conversation and unique music.
