5	Our new Favorite Yogurt shop!!Great selection with great prices and in good location.Good selection of toppings to go along with it
5	This is quickly becoming my favorite place for froyo! My daughter asked if we could go to frogurtland aka yogurtland and after I stopped giggling of course I said yes! They have a great array of flavors and a ton of toppings including my favorite oatmeal cookie & pumpkin. Swirl those together and it's froyotastic, top it with granola and it's froyomazing! For the last few months they've been adding in Looney Tunes inspired flavors, with collectable spoons to match, the newest is a fruity Marvin Martian kaboom sorbet, a mix of eye popping lime and pineapple!  Their employees are personable, especially Timmy who took the time to introduce himself and shake my daughter's hand. He was sure to let the customers know about sample cups, stopped to say hello, kept the place clean, all with a smile! If you love froyo, this is the place to go!
4	Love Yogurtland, love the tart varieties and fresh fruit toppings.
5	I love Yogurtland!  Their froyo is far superior to the other yogurt shops around here.   I haven't been anywhere else since it opened.  It is clean and delicious every time!  Best of all, there's no play area so it's not full of screaming children! *cough* Swirl It *cough*
5	Service & yogurt are both great. There at least once a week. Wish taro was always in stock & that fruit selection a little bigger. However still the best around.
5	The yogurt is definitely a 5 star, I always love Yogurtland. This place was even more special, their customer service is great! I came at 10:15, they close at 10. And yet they unlocked the door and let me in to get my yogurt! The staff is genuine and nice. I love this place!
5	Best yogurt place in Mesa. Healthy, inexpensive what more can u ask for. Favorite flavor is the dragonfruit and the coffee flavor. Plus they always have fresh fruit for topping unlike other areas.
4	I was super excited when I heard that a Yogurtland was going in at Dana Park because I love Yogurtland. The one in Tempe is little to far for me to justify driving to just for frozen yogurt. This location is clean and bright. They do seem to have a pretty high turn over it is always a new person working then the time before. The last couple of times it was pretty cold inside which will be nice in the summer.
4	Yum yum yum!! Is there crack in their yogurt? Seriously crave it and am there at least twice a week. Only reason I gave 4 stars instead of 5 is because the last time I was there someone screwed up and didn't make cookies n cream!
2	I'm very disappointed! Their yogurt doesn't taste as good. Not as creamy and flavorful as it used to be. I don't know what changed but hopefully they fix it!
3	Checked their website that said they closed at 11pm Sunday. Drive all the way there and they are closed. Come to find out on yelp they're closed at 10. There's a discrepancy somewhere that needs to be fixed.
3	fro yo is icey. it was creamy in the past. topping bar is messy and not usually stocked.i would also say the store is generally dirty.
2	Went back Thursday evening with several friends. the store was dirty again, some yogurt machines were partly open and you could see into the back room, yogurt was dripping down the front trays and walls onto the floor, several partially filled yogurt cups were left sitting at the bottom of the dispenser, dirty floor, kids behind the register not paying attention. Also, all of the flavors were icey and lacking in flavor. Dear owners: you have a problem with this store
2	First things first...don't try to use the yelp check-in offer here. It will be awkward when you happily show them your phone and then get rejected in front of a long of people. Yeah. AAAAAWKWARD.Just don't do it. They don't honor it anymore. Someone at yogurtland needs to get that removed from the yelp system to avoid further embarrassing the yelpers.Here's the thing, I typically LOVE me some yogurtland. I would stop in everyday if I thought I could get away with it.This location is a tad messy...which sucks because it's so conveniently located to me and is housed at at Dana Park which is an awesome shopping center. This location is messy, the staff isn't overly friendly (I feel like I'm not allowed to have sample cups for example) and I'm ready for new yogurt flavors already! They rarely have any good no sugar added flavors.
4	Super Yummy!  What else can I say??
5	Great place to beat the summer heat! I love this location! Staff is always friendly and lots of seating. They always have a dairy free option, that changes regularly. I enjoy trying the new flavors and toppings!
2	Here is where my rating of 2 stars come into play. First, the cups there are too big. Although it may be helpful for newcomers as they may make a mess serving themselves, it is an obvious marketing scheme to get you to fill up the cup and pay more than what you thought.Next, they have a limited arrangement of toppings. For example they do not have any hot toppings. No hot fudge?! Although the fruit is fresh, they do not offer enough toppings. And it is kind of tricky to put toppings on because of how big their spoons are.Third, the yogurt does not taste as creamy and premium at other places such as golden spoon. For example, their version of peanut butter is more of an aftertaste when compared to golden spoon every bite of froyo has the perfect amount of peanut butter.Next, the one employee there did not make the shop welcome and inviting. It looked like she did not want to be there and it took her a full 2 minutes to ring up my order after I was done.Lastly, you are bound to OVERPAY everytime. I am a golden spoon customer but I figured I might try out yogurtland for a change. What would've been $5.19 at golden spoon, the same proportion cost me $7.62! That means I could've bought a quart of froyo at golden spoon,  rather than their version of a regular.After my visit, I will stick with golden spoon who have awesome employees who professionally makes my yogurt with premium froyo at an affordable price.
4	I really like it here. Plenty of toppings to choose from.  They have pumpkin right now and its delicious. I like all the flavors. I used my yelp coupon here and he accepted it, no questions asked. Everyone has been friendly to me and I've been here several times now. I recommend!
4	They changed the formula for a bit so it was not as creamy and it was terrible but now its bacl to the way it was.. creamy and delicious.. price is grwat and cant complain for the bih servings and amount of fixings
3	Across the street from my house so I go there a lot, the place isn't so busy which is good because the store isn't so big, the interior is nice and colorful, right next to chipotle.
5	Really really good! It's also a LOT cheaper than other yogurt places too. The guy that works here is really nice and has a spontaneous personality.
5	I love this location! Crew is very friendly and polite. Besides amazing yogurt, they keep the store clean. Water is also available in a cool container with a little fountain. This is weird, but their bathroom is one of the best bathrooms I've ever used. It's clean and has an awesome design. Great location!
