4	Everything you expect in a Dunkin', awesome coffee to go along with your breakfast sandwhiches and donuts. This location just opened up and is already my go-to stop right before work.
3	With no other javahouses in the near vicinity (except for sbux with a mile long wait) this place will give you your fix.  Best of all they're pleasant and friendly.  Not the best coffee but extremely convenient when you need a cup of joe and don't feel like getting out of the car.  Will definitely be a repeat customer...
3	The one doughnut I had in the five times or so I've come here (I usually get a sammich) it was very dry. But I like the quiet environment and the coffee.
1	I have tried again and again with this Dunkin' Donuts location, but each time have been highly disappointed with the service. They are snippy, curt and I have seen some unclean practices.If you want to go to a better DD, there is one on Frank Lloyd Wright, one off Raintree and one on Hayden southbound. I gave it one star because I like DD.
4	I mistook this location for the horrible DD on Shea and Scottsdale Road and accidentally gave it a bad review.  My bad!  This location is definitely a good alternative to the poor service you WILL experience if you go to the lousy DD on Shea and Scottsdale Road.  These guys look you in the eye, smile and make you feel like they appreciate your business.  Oh yes, the donuts are great as well!
2	The drive through guy in the morning is so rude!!
5	The drive thru staff is always so sweet and friendly.  This place makes a for a great start to my day.  To me, this dunkin is beautiful.  Best coffee in all the land.
5	Great customer service, great prices, everyone there has made every trip a wonderful experience.
2	The woman working the drive-thru was extremely rude. Rushed us to order, literally asked us 3 times if we had decided yet in a minute. As we were telling her our choices for our half dozen she kept counting down, "okay, two more...you have two more." Talked over us as we tried to order and couldn't hear us and got annoyed when we corrected her. As we drove around, she was holding our drinks out of the window and seemed very annoyed. Now, we asked for a second to look at the menu. We definitely were NOT the people that take 20 mins to decide. Literally less than a minute and she acted as if we were there for an hour. There was no one behind us either. The sandwiches were good and the food was made fast, or it would have been 1 star. Not going there again.
2	Wow this place has terrible service. Every time we have gone they have screwed up our order (wrong coffee, forgot a breakfast sandwich). It's Dunkin Donuts so the food and drink is pretty standard quality, just check your order before you drive away.
1	Now listen, I don't normally write reviews about places and basic as a Dunkin Donuts, but I'll make an exception in this case.  If you are ever having a great morning, no traffic, good songs on the radio, easy day upcoming at work and you want to even yourself out by bringing some aggravation into your day, visit this DD.  After dealing with the employees here, I'm sure you will walk out much more aggravated than when you walked in.  I'm not sure how hard it is to get good help these days, but if you ever wonder where those people who could not hack working at McDonald's go, it this location.  Working close by, I swing by here often for a bagel and coffee.  This morning's experience just slight more annoying that usual, but what is typical for this place.  Let me share.  Walked up to the counter to the blank stare of the employee behind the register.  No 'hello' or 'welcome' or 'what can I get you'.  Just a blank stare.  I ordered an Everything Bagel, toasted with cream cheese and a medium coffee.  Basic right?  I get a continued blank stare.  This goes on for an uncomfortably long time, like 15 seconds.  Not a word is uttered.  Finally I say, "What?  What's the problem?  Why are you staring at me?"  What I then find out through series of gestures, grunts and finally another employee, is that the gentleman they decided would work the front register speaks no English.  Not even enough to understand 'donuts' or 'bagel'.  After several minutes of pantomime, I figure out we need someone else to assist.  That takes about 2 minutes to get.  Guess what, another language barrier, but involving a totally different region of the world.  Who would have thought?  I finally flag down a manager.  By this time the people behind me in line are restless.  I get my order put in with the help of three other employees.  They get it wrong.  Now the daunting tasking to fixing it in the cash register.  The NSA hacks into people's phones faster than these four could figure out this register thing.  After between 5-7 minutes just trying to order, it's done.It takes about 3 minutes for them to pour the coffee, which when I get it is ice-cold, but still in a cup for warm coffee.  I say something.  They ask if I ordered iced coffee.  I say no and they pour me another cup of ice cold coffee.  I have her put her finger in it.  She say, 'yep, cold'.  She finally pours me a cup of new hot coffee.  Another 5 minutes pass before I get my bagel, which I walk out with to go to work.  As I plant my butt at my desk and open the bag up . . . . surprise, one plain bagel, not toasted with no cream cheese.  Seriously folks!  This is the best you can do?  Everyone go here . . . it's almost entertaining!
