4	Good Pizza, simple food and service.
4	I went back tonight, it has been a while before. I had my favorite pizza a "quattro stagioni" and it was even better than I remember. Actually close to those I had in Italy!
5	Italian!  Oh how we love Italian food.  Especially good Italian food!So my girlfriend and I spotted this restaurant on our first or second day in Montreal.  We ended up having Italian two meals in a row at different restaurants, so we waited on this one until toward the end of our trip.  We finished off our trip with a pleasantly full tummy! :)So we arrived at Napoli a little early, about 5pm.  The front half of the restaurant was almost full, and they sat us at the last table in the front, which was near the front window.  We were both very cold, so we politely asked to be moved to the back, which they did with no problem.  We were the first to sit in the back area and were much warmer.The menu was extensive!  So many options to choose from.... we took quite a long while deciding what to have - the waiter was not bothered by this and told us there was a lot on the menu and to take our time.  We started with a half bottle of the Orvieto Classico, which is a great light white wine!  My girlfriend had the dinner formula (soup or salad and plate combined).  She had the chicken cream soup and the Penne Salmon.  I chose the Bruschetta appetizer to arrive with her soup, and for my main dish, the Meat & Pepperoni Lasagna.  Both our meals were amazing!  She said that was some of the best Penne Salmon she's every had (and she has it almost every time she sees it on the menu somewhere!)After the meal, we decided on sharing a delicious Tiramisu, which is served in a large martini glass.  We also had an espresso for my girlfriend and a latte for me.  We paid with a credit card, and it's important to know that a gratuity was automatically added to the bill (15%-18%, I can't remember).  We left two dollars more as well, as we had excellent food and amazing service!  The servers were all very pleasant and my water was refilled quickly (something I pay close attention to).  All-in-all a lovely meal!  I hope to come back the next time I'm in Montreal!
4	So, how would I end up in Montreal at the Napoli Pizzeria?  Who knows really, maybe it was the large gathering of other nerds who were in town to talk to each other about get this (babies, development, and psychopathology).  I know right.  What the heck does that have to do with traveling all the way to Napoli.  Well, it really has nothing to do with that but it really justifies the long trip from New Orleans to here.About the venue, it's cute, small, and has a large tree placed right in the middle of the room.  This tree is adorned with glowing grapes that if your lucky are all flickering.The food, I started my night with the french onion soup, and it was unlike any other kind I've ever had.  It was slightly sweet but in a different way than most.  It wasn't bogged down with cheese like some are so that was nice too.We also ordered a pizza that was delicious and nicely cooked.  The pizzas are larger than you would think and if you are with someone else they will split whatever you order on two plates so you even get your own servings!We ordered the medium and we both had two full pieces to take home.  So, if you go with someone else you could get away with the small pizza and a salad, or soup or something alike.Good little place found at random while visiting MOntreal!
3	When you have a large group of people what could be a better dining choice than Italian?  For our first meal in Montreal this place was a good find.This place had the feel of a family owned restaurant.  The Italian men walking around in that place just cracked me up, especially the elderly gentleman in the sunglasses.    The atmosphere was cute and a little bit on the kitschy side.  They had a tree in the middle that had lit up grapes on them.  In addition, they had strolling musicians taking requests.  The service was good as well.  They did a good job splitting our checks which made it a good choice for our larger group. The food was good.  I had a bowl of minestrone and a pizza with green peppers and pepperoni.  The soup was slightly on the salty side, but it had a good amount of vegetables which is just what I was looking for.  The meat on the pizza was of very good quality and the cheese was good as well.
4	Friendly excellent service and a very nice pizza pie!
3	Being more of an Italophile than a Francophile and given that I live in the North End Boston, my pizza standards are high. I wasn't expecting much. But I was pleasantly surprised. I ordered pepperoni and mushroom with carafe of house red. Pizza was decent. Crust lacked something in terms of flavor - like acidity or salt. But beyond that it was pretty good. The house red was good too, good enough for dins.
4	Hardly expected to be in an Italian joint our first night in Montreal, but it was highly recommended by our concierge, and it certainly delivered.  I love a place with an old school Italian waiter to greet you and talk food with you. Was just as pleased with the 70 or so pizza options!  Simply a nice, delicious, reasonably priced meal.
5	It was great. First day of the outdoor patio scene and these guys and gal were ready to rumble. Brilliant service. Wait staff were knowledgable, funny and friendly. Food was very good. Pizza 101 ways, amazing. Nice thin crust and piping hot....good oven. Pasta was through the roof. Well done!
2	the albatross in the form of a lady hanging around the front of the entrance coupled to the waiter who ended up serving our table should have been the giveaway not to go in. getting the menu and seeing 59315310 permutations of pizzas should have been the other giveaway. seriously, i watched someone finish reading one entire book of game of thrones while i was going through the menu.after settling on a pizza, i had the pleasure of watching a real life soap opera unfold in front of me. we were conveniently seated right by the window where we could watch the whole event of the stalker female and the waiter bantering back and forth in what could only be the result of the end of a sour relationship. sigh. it was more bearable than staring at the decor of this place. i don't even know how to describe it.at least the pizza was good. oh wait, wrong review. the pizza was, at best, mediocre. it was also ridiculously expensive for what you got. avoid this place. there are plenty better in the st. denis area.
4	It's a lovely place to experience, will take you to Napoli and come back :) Good food, pricy? Maybe.
1	The waitstaff was quite pleasant. The place looked like it was decorated by my hoarding grandmother. The food was OK, nothing more, nothing less. Prices were a little too high for what you get and the menu was encyclopedic. The reason I'm bothering to write this review is let others know that this is not a clean place to eat.  The bathroom was tiled sewer, nothing in the restaurant looked like it had been cleaned since they first opened.  The cherry on top however was the fact there was a bug zapper light directly above our table... inside.  Little flies and moths were constantly falling down into my friend's hair, glass and food. We didnt notice at first in time to move tables because amongst all the clutter on the walls, it almost blended in.I would not recommend this place.
4	So authentic!!Pizza was goodDecorations were 3spooky5meTri-lingual arguments between kitchen and wait staff. Much funny9/10 would come back
1	Incredible. I just watched the owner and his staff berate a couple for not tipping enough here. And the lack of tip was completely warranted. They deserve nothing for a tip here. Have never experienced such rudeness. The waiter literally huffed at us for not ordering dessert. The food is nothing to be excited about for the price either. First and last time here.
