4	What a world we live in!  A coffee shop serving just about anything from a traditional American menu 24 hours a day, 7 days a week is just a short elevator ride away.  Kady's is located inside the Riviera.  If you're staying on the north side of The Strip, it might be a good place for breakfast.I stopped by Kady's around 8:00 am on Sunday, and the place was pretty busy.  Seriously, who is up at 8 am on a Sunday in Vegas except old ladies and degenerate gamblers?  Well, add a screaming child, a lonely trucker and yours truly, and you will get a pretty good picture of what the clientele was like at Kady's at that particular time.The place is very spacious, with tables and vinyl red and green booths far away from each other.  If it weren't for the view of the pool and the keno runners, you would think that you were at a diner in Anytown, USA.The waitress brought me coffee in a giant mug, which put me in a better mood right away.  Give me a 12-16 oz. cup of coffee, and I'll leave you alone for a few minutes.  I hate diners where they give you some cup that 7-year-old girls use to serve imaginary tea to their dolls.  It's 8 am, I am awake and grumpy, so the more coffee you give me, the better.I ordered a ham steak with scrambled eggs, hash browns and wheat toast with a short stack of pancakes.  What?  I was on vacation, give me a break.  The ham steak deserves its own review.  This may have been the best ham steak I have ever had!  Juicy, perfectly cooked with just a hint of mesquite flavor.  I can still taste it now!  Do yourself a favor an order one of those.  The hash browns were a bit oily, though.  The short stack of pancakes is big enough to share with someone, since each pancake is the size of an average Barbie's Dream House (I bet you didn't think I could continue with the whole doll theme, but here we are).It was a good breakfast, but $21+tip is a bit pricey.  Times are tough, and every $25 breakfast makes me think that a good ol' Denny's Grand Slam might not be such a bad option . . .
2	After eating at Kady's several times in a week, during a yearly conference I attend, for five years, I have to say how happy I was when I wasn't relegated to come here again.  The service was always horrible, waiting on average 15 min between server sightings.  The food was mediocre at best, with any red meat ordered always coming out at the wrong temperature (rare when well was asked for, well when rare was asked for, etc).Do yourself a favor and just walk over to the Peppermill a couple of doors down from the Riv.
2	First when you walk-in you think you walked in to a giant Hot Dog on a Stick. The seats are red, yellow, blue and white.The food is okay but overpriced for the quality. We ordered 3 soups and 3 different entrees. Corned Beef Hash and eggs, Pork Chop Dinner, and 1/2 Roasted Chicken dinner. The corned beef hash was good but SUPER salty, the pork chops were dry as hellll and super duper bland, the half roasted chicken was juicy but bland. The only good thing about the meal was the free water, the soup, and their dinner rolls. If you're hungry and staying at the Riviera, just go the extra mile and go across the street to McDonalds or Subway or the Pizza Place...it's much better bang for your buck. I swear! =)
2	OK, it's greasy, it's got burned coffee, it's filling and all at Las Vegas prices.  It does alright in a pinch, but if you can manage to go someplace else, please do.  On my own, I'd eat here and not complain, but if you're with somebody else, say your wife who is much less tolerable than yourself when it comes to greasy food and burned coffee, you might want to venture out.
2	There nothing too special about this place.. they do however have a good T-Bone steak special, which I had. It's basically the typical cafe/coffee house sort of deal. The staff was friendly and attentive.
1	The food was pretty bad. We asked our waitress about several items, she was honest and told us not to get a lot of them. So I went with her recommendation of the t-bone special. It was way over salted and over buttered. Unfortunately, it's just crappy diner food. Go somewhere else.
4	This is a really good place for breakfast. Service was friendly and fast. I had the steak and eggs. The eggs were moist and fluffy. The hash browns were ok. The toast comes with several choices of condiments. The steak was really good. It was very thick and correctly cooked to order. It was juicy and tender. I was expecting the steak to be thin and dry like other breakfast places would make them. It is a little pricey, but that's Las Vegas. I would definetly come to this place again for breakfast.
2	Service is extremely slow and food is just OK.
3	Being born and bred from the midwest it was comforting to have a coffee shop like Kady's in our hotel. However since we are from Chicago the absolute mecca of restaurants, Kady's did fall a bit short. Don't get me wrong the food was average, but the service was slow. The breakfast was alot more appealing then lunch. I wouldn't go out of my way but if you are hungry and its late...stop by Kady's.Keep in mind the host tends to disapppear, so you will be standing around until someone notices you.
4	The food and service was great!!! The coffee is average otherwise id give them 5 stars!!!
1	Notice there are no 5 star reviews.HORRIBLE HORRIBLE HORRIBLEFlat soda, we were seated next to a group of very LOUD and rowdy -- 40 somethings? ---FLAT SODA - BLEH! Pepsi is bad enough, but FLAT pepsi???I ordered salmon with rice. The salmon was small, but good. I was starving by this time.The rice was hard crunchy and disgusting. I was pissed. It cost 16 dollars for this plate, and only a third of it was edible.I took a small drink of my soda and then asked for water, and no one thought this was weird???AVOID AVOID AVOID AVOID!
3	Looking for a place where to eat, my girlfriend and I ate at this place. The service was very attentive although we had to wait for sometime to get our orders. The food was average to say close to fast food. Like one of the reviewers said, if its late and you need to eat something, go over to Kady's.
1	DO NOT EAT HERE UNLESS YOU WANT FOOD POISONING. So this past friday my friend and I decided to stop and eat here for lunch for the $9.99 steak and shrimp deal. We had some fat sweaty slob waiter with a bad attitude who starts us out with a bowl of salad dumped with a pile of dressing. I ordered my steak cooked medium but was more like reheated burnt microwave steak that was probably a few days old gross! Took a few bits of the rice which was stale, crunchy and old. The shrimp tempura was soggy and just disgusting looking, more than likely it was a few days possibly even weeks old. Even the veggies were oily and gross how can you go wrong with veggies seriously!? I ended up eating some of the food because i was hungry and just had arrived to vegas. Biggest mistake of my trip, later that day the food poisoning from the bad shrimp started to set in. COUlD NOT EVEN GO OUT MY FIRST NIGHT! My buddy and i were throwing up the WHOLE NIGHT!!!!! My friend even threw up blood after throwing up so much. First two nights of our vacation were ruined because we could not eat barely anything from being soo sick. Not only was this food just poison but the restaurant itself was dirty looking. The staff that works there are a bunch of lazy low class slobs who do not even smile or ask if you need anything. This place needs to be shut down before someone ends up dying from the bad shrimp because im a young healthy guy and if someone who isnt healthy eats this can be at serious risk of death not to mention the place looks like a tuberculosis hospiital. In conclusion I REPEAT AGAIN DO NOT EAT HERE UNLESS YOU WANT TO RUIN YOUR TRIP!!!!!
1	I should have listened to the previous reviews and ratings.  French dip was tasteless and the roast beef had that greenish sheen to it like it had been sitting too long and then they over cooked it to cover for the fact it had gone bad.  Never again!
1	bad service, FAKE very runny scrambled eggs, and the benidict gave me the Rocky Mountain Two-step for 3 days!
3	Me and Alex went to this place for a late breakfast on a Saturday. The hostess was really nice and let us leave our luggage by the door since we had already checked out of our room. The coffee was good and so was the service. Our waitress was attentive and our food came quickly. I had read some yelp reviews before we went but sometimes you cant trust other yelpers. When people have a good experience they might tell a friend or two but when they have a bad one they want to let the entire planet know.I was expecting the worse and was actually pleasantly surprised. I got some special that included pancakes,eggs,bacon,hash browns and toast. All my food tasted great. Alex had the steak and eggs and he said it was better than the steak he had at Polly's about 3 weeks ago. Not that Polly's has great steak but they did over cook it and he expected more from them.I'll defenitely be back here next time we stay at the Riviera. If you're still iffy about coming here cause this is possibly the only decent review of this place you've read, I would compare it to a Denny's or Norms. Except their pancakes taste fresh. :)
1	We sat at the counter because we were in a hurry. No one gave us a menu, waters, or took our order for 20 minutes. One waiter noticed us and said he didn't know where the counter woman had gone. We were about to walk out when she finally appeared.The restaurant had to stop seating people to recover from the total meltdown that was happening. All the servers were saying "It isn't even busy, but everyone is freaking out."The white part of my husband's eggs were runny. Go to the Peppermill or Denny's nearby instead.
4	went here the first night we got into vegas and were staying at the riviera.  we were just looking for food, and they were open without a huge line so we decided to stop in.  the night we went in they were having a slab of rib special, so we got a slab of ribs, with fries and a side for like $8.  the ribs tasted really good, sauce was good too, honestly, they reminded me a lot of tony romas.  servers were friendly.  i would stop by again if i was in the riviera, but i wouldn't go out of my way to head down there
