4	I had a buger here a little while back that was really pretty good.  Good enough to go back.  They seem to have a good wine selection and it has, as the name would suggest, a fantastic VU!  I'm not sure, but I think it is connected to/owned by the same folks who own the salon next door.The service was a little weak, but I think our waiter was a friend of the owner who was just helping out.  In fact, it kind made it seem like we were on someone's deck having dinner.  Someone with a really big deck with a great view.It would be a great place to take a date and sit outside.
4	Friends asked us to meet them at the VU last night for some chow and fireworks since they have probably the best VIEW on the valley from their terrace.  We arrived around 7pm and the place was not very busy.  We sat down and our friends had not arrived yet.  We were in the mood for Kobe Burgers which were on their menu posted on their web site.  The waitress was very nice, handed us menu's and announced that they had a new chef and tonite was the release of their new menu.  UUURRGGHH  there goes our burgers.  We found out that their new chef came from Tempe's House of Tricks.  That was a relief because all the times I had been there it has held up.  Our friends arrived and we ordered a round of drinks while we all took in the menu.  I ordered the Pulled Pork sandwich which came in a great sauce with a kick and some slaw on a bun.  Pretty good.  Two other dishes from the new menu that our party had was a great lightly grilled salmon on a bed of organic greens with a nice tart dressing.  We also experienced the steak which was very flavorful, but on the fatty side.The best part of the whole evening was the entertainment.  I was told that this singer is there on Friday and Saturday evenings.  He was incredible.  Quite and experience.  He sounds almost like the original artists of the songs he covers.  Great voice and tons of energy.  Food was good for bar food, but the entertainment was some of the best I have experienced in the valley.  A Must Experience!!!
4	Great atmosphere....great views...excellent service...outstanding steak!...and an outside act that was very talented...we all wondered why he was entertaining the patio...and not at a bigger venue--I will be back!
5	It is always a pleasure to dine at The Vu!  This location is the best view in  the state!  The great food, service, live music and atmosphere make this restaurant one of the best around.  A great place to enjoy dinner or just a glass of wine.  I highly recommend The Vu!
4	I'm a local, but this was my first time here. PRO: Ambiance is a major plus (live music will have that effect on you). Very 'chillaxing. During the day, the view is just beautiful. You can see all of fountain hills below the patio, and the backdrop is what most Arizonans will be proud for--the breathtaking view. The food is pretty good, not overly proportioned but just satisfying in appetite.  CON: the service takes FOREVER. You're lucky if you get your food within 20 mins of ordering. And I mean at every part of my dining experience, this place is slow. The time it took for me to get my food was  long, the time it took to get a refill was extra long, and the time it took for them to bring out the check (let alone getting back your credit card), makes it not even worth it. in summary, I'd go here if I wanted to casually impress a group of friends for a good value, but be prepared to wait.
4	I went to this place for the very first time on Tuesday to have a business meeting.  It was scenic and beautiful when we sat outside, for being the only 4 people there the service was probably on the slow side.  But we had time to sit and wait, since we had a lot to discuss and it perhaps they were being courteous and letting us talk, but a refill on the drinks would have been great for our parched mouths.The burger was really good, I ordered a Kobe Bacon hamburger, which is 8oz of yummy goodness.  Although, I need to watch my weight I opted for sweet potato fries and they were excellent.The burger was pricey but reasonable for the area and the Kobe beef, which I've had small portions of steak at other places and have paid a fortune for it.  None the less, if you are there with friends, they will enjoy the view and the atmosphere.
4	We only wish we had arrived in  time to enjoy sunset-what an amazing setting!  The food was good but the dessert (the bread pudding) wasw DIVINE. Not the fastest service but friendly.  We would go there again absolutely.
5	We found this gem in the desert browsing Yelp reviews while in Fountain Hills for a conference. We checked out the website and menu and it looked like a great place for a quite meal for our small group. What we missed in our prep. work was that the location was absolutley fantastic. Oviously called VU because the view from both inside the small bistro and the view from the deck was stunning overlooking the city below. VU's ambience was only half the treat. The food was just as good if not better. I started off with a lamb appetizer, moved on to an excellent risotto with shirmp and scallops, and finished this delectable dining expereince off with a creme brulee with raspberries which was cooked to perfection. The food looked as amazing as the scenic view and tasted as good as it looked. The prices were right on target, if not a little lower than they should have been for fare of this quality.Our dinner at VU was quite possibly the best meal I had in the past year. I can't say enough about this wonderful find. If I'm ever back in Phoenix I know where to go...a little bistro tucked away in Fountain Hills!
4	Our small group of six found this establishment on Yelp while at a conference in Fountain Hills.    We were all surprised by just how good it was.   It would have been great to get there early enough to enjoy the fabulous sunset that I bet early diners witness from the phenomenal views from Vu's windows and outdoor seating.   I would love a restaurant like this to open near my home!   I enjoy eating a little bit of a few things, so I went for the small plates.   I had the lamb appetizer, and it was cooked to perfection!  I also shared the BLT salad with one of my table mates, and that was spectacular, too.   The service was friendly, but could have been slightly more on top of our table as the restaurant didn't seem very busy the evening we were there.   The owner (was not our server), was extremely friendly and fun.  Vu is on my "To Do" list the next time I am in Fountain Hills!
2	Two & a half stars for VU Bistro because the view isn't really that great, service is really slow, portions are too small, and the menu is overpriced. There are a lot of houses in the immediate area so the view really is primarily of houses & a road. The view is prettier from the street that this restaurant is off of. The service was super slow when my boyfriend & I went on a Saturday afternoon even though there weren't many people there - it took forever for someone to take our order and then the food took a really really long time to come out. The food itself was pretty good but the portions were generally quite small. We shared the bruschetta  appetizer which was my favorite dish from the night. The apple, brie, sugared walnuts slices were great and the garlic rubbed on the bread was a nice touch. The traditional tomato bruschetta was also really good with lots of fresh garlic & basil. The salad I got was rather basic, very tiny, there were barely any toppings, and the balsamic vinaigrette was boring. My boyfriend's bbq chicken pizza was better but very small & the chicken was tossed onto the pizza after it was done baking so none of the chicken actually stuck to the pizza and lacked the flavors that would normally come from the combination of sauce and cheese.Basically this place strikes me as a place cougars go to drink a lot of wine...a great scene for some & not for others, depending on your preference.
2	First off, the food was good. Not great, but good. We got the Kobe burger and the Turkey sandwich, both delicious.I'd eat there again...but here were the problems:1) We went on a night where there was a private party that took up the whole dining room so we had to eat at the bar, losing the good view that the restaurant claims to have. The only view we had was a couple macking away.2) The worst factor of all: the weird DJ that BLASTED music throughout the restaurant. We thought that the ambiance was supposed to be part of the VU's appeal but it was the worst part of the night. If we wanted to hear deafening, bouncing club beats and DJs singing karaoke and being the MC of the night, we would've went to Scottsdale. We literally had to yell to hear each other talk.Safe to say we'll never be back there with that kind of experience. Hopefully future private parties they plan won't be so disruptive.
3	A reasonable facsimile of a California bistro in the desert.  The decor is pretty decent for Fountain Hills but the TVs over the bar are the first clue this is not a serious restaurant.For some reason, several of the heat lamps were broken (even though they were still in the middle of the patio).  Also, we called in advance and the hostess "forgot" to mention that the indoor area was booked by a private party.  The food is decent but not great.  Our pizza crust was a bit doughy and had that "industrial cheese" flavor you get from a frozen pizza.  The seafood seemed to have been frozen or come from a can.  Service upon ordering was a bit slow but the dude with the water pitcher kept us hydrated until the drinks arrived. That said, its one of the better places in Fountain Hills.  There's an entertaining lounge singer on weekends.  Oh, and the view isnt bad either.
4	Finally getting to write my review, can let my better half get ahead of me. We ended up at this place thanks to Groupon, so prices were certainly acceptable, but even then, we'll certainly come back with a group.THE FOODBeing a gourmand extraordinaire, I ordered... a chicken sandwich. And it was good. Nothing spectacular due to the nature of it being a chicken sandwich, but I had nothing to complain about. The meat was juicy, the bread and greens were fresh. We also ordered calamari for appetizer. They were small by my hungry food per dollar measurement, but again, properly done and not fried to hell like some places like to do. To top it off, the place has lambics, which in itself is awesome.SETTINGThe restaurant appears to be made up of three distinct areas. At the entrance from the street you have a dining and bar area, a bit deeper and adjacent to the spa is an almost separate dining area (better lit by the daylight) and then you have the very large patio. Unfortunately the weather was too hot for us to be outside, but the inside was rather nice. One of these times will have to bring a few friends over for the patio portion, the view is rather good.SERVICEOverall good, if a little overbearingly pleasant.OTHERCan get a little confusing with finding the entrance at first.
4	Drove past this place 100s of times and never stopped. Glad I did, menu not a "spa" only menu, but a nice array of choices. I had a cheeseburger and fries and it was really good! Servers were very nice, but did feel like they were not quite ready to be open for business at 1 PM on a Sunday. Will go back and try other things.
2	Have been here several times over the years and each time hopeful it will have gotten better and each time it doesn't.Last night was another example of why we say we are not going to go back and after several years, try again and then say the same thing.It was a beautiful warm spring day that sparked our desire to have a patio drink and dinner and Vu Bistro came to mind, since it is close to home.  We checked on line and entertainment was reported to start at 6:30.  We got there at 6:15 and settled in at a table with two chairs.  The waitress came over and said they wanted to keep that table for four people and asked us to move, which we said we liked the table and wanted to be near the music.  She was not happy, but we were and most places the customer is right (not here!).We have always been amazed this place is still in business as the staff and owner always seem grumpy and unfriendly.In a nutshell......the service was very slow and unfriendly, the entertainment finally started playing at 7:15 and were awful!  Both singers were off key and most songs boring.  After hunting down our waitress and asking to have our order taken, our food finally arrived (cold) an hour after it was ordered, it was so dark we couldn't see what we were eating and we couldn't eat fast enough to get out of there and get away from the whole scene.  One of the waiters, was in such a frenzy, running back and forth that just watching him wore us out.  He was really wired.Our experience was more of the same and this time we will not go back.  Instead, dinner on our own lovely patio, with our choice of music and tranquility.  You can keep your Vu!
2	This place could have been, and should be, a goldmine!  View is just amazing, the entertainment on the patio was great..........but the service!  (Which there was none of)  Arrived Saturday evening 7:15, patio full.  (They only take reservations for parties over 6)  Took 15 minutes to be seated inside.  Once seated took another 10 min. to get water (Where I asked for brushetta (hungry)  and another 10 to order a glass of wine.  We were not "allowed" to order food because the kitchen was backed up!  Wasn't sure I understood that we were not to even get bread to hold us for a while!An hour & 15 min. into this and i went to the manager who didn't seem to care - the kitchen was backed up and it would be another half hour for food!  ARE YOU KIDDING???As I said, beautiful location.  Don't think I would ever attempt again!
3	I reaaaaaaaally want to give this place at least 4 stars but I can't. I've been here many times now and give it 4-5 stars for ambiance, music (LOVE Tommy!), outdoor patio, the view (no pun intended), and the FOOD (delish!! I've never had a meal here that was less than superb!).  I wish I could say the same for the service. As you can deduce from the numerous reviews, this aspect of the restaurant requires some major TLC.  Bottom line: they are understaffed and need better leadership from the management. The owner seems stressed out all the time, although the servers are very friendly and sweet. Why do I keep coming back? It's a stone's throw from my house... and did I mention the FOOD? If you have a couple hours to kill, enjoy the company you are dining with, don't mind waiting a little longer for outstanding food, then definitely come here!  If you need to be attended to frequently or have high standards about service, I would not recommend this place until they beef up on staff.
3	The Vu is a very cute little restaurant with a breathtaking view. We sat on the patio overlooking the entire valley and it was by far one of the best I've ever seen. I had wine which was a rosa champagne blend with wine and it was delicious. We shared the Bruschetta platter which was delicious!! After we decided split the personal pizza and we were pretty disappointed :( The pizza just wasn't that good. its tastes like doughy microwavable pizza. I would go back because the bruschetta and wine were great and maybe it was just a bad night. I'll just try something else.
5	I will put up the Vu's Kobe burger up against anyone's. Not the fanciest with all these gourmet burgers out there, but 5 stars. I wll also say its one of the best views you can get. There are others in the valley, but anywhere in sniffing distance of Fountain Hills, this is a great spot. Live music also.
5	I brought a group of local business people to happy hour at the VU Bistro and everyone enjoyed the food, drinks, service and especially the gorgeous views of the Valley of the Sun. What a View from the VU. Perched several hundred feet over the Valley below we could see for miles. The weather was great as was our experience at the VU.
1	WORST EXPERIENCE EVER AT A RESTAURANT!This is so disappointing to have to write about. This last summer our family and my husbands family bought vacation homes in Fountain Hills. My husbands family was visiting from England and I told them we should definitely stop by the Vu. I had been there once and the views and food were delicious. This time we arrived at 8pm and there were just a couple tables there of people. No music this time (last time it was fabulous) but it was a Thursday. We ordered a few drinks and they came pretty quickly. We also ordered food and that was a problem all together. We ordered a caprese salad, 3 calamari's, seared ahi, 3 kobe burgers, 1 pasta dish, and 1 risotto. 45 minutes later we had only received the ahi. We had some starving folks so we asked if any bread would be available. The waiter was not very friendly with a response and finally said but yes I can get you some. Did not provide any update on how much longer our food would take. Then one person asked to see a wine menu and again the waiter in an unfriendly tone said "why don't you just ask me". My sister-in-law was a bit taken back by the response and quickly tried to figure out what she might want. It seemed like it was a burden to him to get a wine list. He took her order and walked off. I walked in and just picked up a menu for her to look at for her next drink choice. Then 15 minutes later, no wine and no additional food (no appetizers or salads even). Now it's been an hour and we've had not updates, no water refills, not any friendly visits from the waiter at all. Everyone was so hungry and the restaurant was pretty empty (only two other tables)! My husband decided to get up and speak to the waiter. As he did the waiter came with a plate of bread and one caprese salad (why did it take an hour for an uncooked caprese salad?). My husband said, "Whew that was close, we were getting ready to walk out!!". The waiter quickly snapped back "but why?" and that set off a lot of angry hungry people. The waiter continued to argue with no apologies at all for the length of time it was taking or reasons. All he seemed he could add was "your kobe burgers aren't even ready". (yes....that is our point). He didn't even realize we hadn't received our calamari either. He was so rude and unapologetic it was truly shocking!! My husband asked to see the manager and the waiter said "I kind of am the manager". So my husband said there's no way we can stay here now, we want to pay our bill and leave.  The waiter gave him a bill for $98 dollars. lol it included a bunch of the food we hadn't even received. He fixed it for him in a major huff and saying "here's something you won't be having" in a way that he was trying to make us feel guilty. So awful! We ended up leaving right after to try to find another restaurant. Which in Fountain Hills is very difficult after 9pm. The best we could find was the The All American Sports Grill. We went in sat down and instantly started to have way better service from the staff there than at the Vu. They were actually friendly, smiling and helpful.  We also received food within 10-20 minutes (varied based on appetizers and burgers) and it was still pretty tasty. If Vu would have been friendly, showed a bit of "care" in their attitude and communicated a bit better I'm sure we would have been patient and waited even though it was taking so long. We just had no idea if it was going to be 5 minutes more or 45 minutes more. Really ridiculous and a huge disappointment as I had high hopes for this being one of our favorites in Fountain Hills.
5	vu bistro now has an amazing new chef with a creative, fun, & different approach to cooking that is out of this world, with chefs constantly revolving menu a level 3 sommelier is pairing wines and is behind the bar making outstanding cocktails. not only is the view beautiful but so are the desserts that are made by there new pastry chef. together this new team has set the bar and i hope that they keep it up!
1	Come here for the view and for nothing else.The service isn't good and neither is the food.The waiters didn't know a damn thing about the menu or what ingredients were used. When we ordered the charcuterie platter the man who delivered it pointed to the meats and cheese and touched each item with his finger. GROSS!I also find it very odd that the restaurant is part of a salon and store that sells crap. Pick one thing and excel at it instead of trying to run 3 separate businesses to get the most of out of your lease. Clearly your restaurant is suffering as a result.
2	The view is amazing. Nothing else is! Went with a large group, reservation was made weeks in advance. Upon arrival, no tables set up, it took them 15 minutes just to find someone to set up the furniture! Everyone had already arrived and we were waiting for places to sit. Service was a joke- had to beg for drinks and the prices of them were truly outrageous. The food was expensive but good. I accidentally left my sweater on the chair, called the next day and was told I had to speak to the manager! WHAT? Manager never called back, called for a week to no avail. Stopped by on the way home from work and was told, sorry we don't have it! I am certain it was left there. too bad, I loved that sweater. Anyway, overall this place is pretentious, overpriced and crappy service. 4 jack and cokes = over $40 tab and then tip! Will not return. And by the way, the parking lot SUCKS!
2	The view is wonderful, the food and service are just okay.  I find it strange that reviews are like mine or 5 star.  Our meal was good.  The problem, mainly, was that salad that I ordered and the soup my husband ordered was delivered at the same time as our main course.  It was all too much at once.  The food tasted okay and was a decent size. I would return again, but would just buy a sandwich and a beer.  When we were there on a Thursday there was only one other party.
5	New staff, new menu, amazing food, amazing view and great company if you sit at the bar!I have been there twice now since their changeover and everything was top notch both times.  Great place for a girls night (pedicures next door, then head over for great food & drinks) or a romantic date night on the patio.
3	I come here for the amazing views and I like to support local businesses. I recommend dining outside on their patio with a sweeping view of the south - especially right before sunset! They have live music also at times.Their menu options are quite broad, which is great, but their prices seem inflated for what you get. Portions are rather small, IMO.Service is okay but nothing spectacular. I see this place having a HUGE opportunity to be spectacular if they made some changes to menu prices, replaced worn tables outside, etc.I'd also suggest more in-depth training for all staff. I really don't know anything about wine. Really don't. Except that reds go w/beef nicely and whites go w/poultry/fish. I would think at this type of restaurant, a staff member can give me some good recommendations and a brief description if I have a question on a wine. Don't you?
4	I've never had any food here, so I can also speak for the drinks. Came here recently to enjoy the sunset and have drinks with the family. Our waiter was awesome - funny and even brought us blankets for the chilly weather. Many thanks for the excellent service and great view!
5	Love Heidi...She is a Wonderful women and owner !!! Food always great...:) and  priceless views. .. Spa and salon is so relaxing .. High end services. .Have been going Dear...!!! 4 years..:)  Love every time..xxxoo Thank You for being here and always with a Beautiful Smile...xxoooo
4	Been here dozen times. Food is amazing. Recommend filet quesadilla as I get it everytime. The flatbreads are also very good. The view is what most people come for. The one downside is service which you will see people complain about on here. Not bad on calm nights but weekends you can tell they dont have enough staff. I believe if they advertised to scottsdale and got more steady flow of people they would hire more people, but in mean time service will be iffy.
1	How is this place still in business? Went back after a long hiatus - wondering if I had been too hard on this restaurant's slow service and mediocre food. Sadly, it turns out, first impressions are correct. Went there on a saturday afternoon - we were only one of two tables with customers (which should have been a warning sign. After taking over an hour and fifteen minutes, I politely inquired to the server (turned out to be the owner) about how much longer it would be as it was taking an excessively long time to receive our food. Rather than being apologetic, sympathetic or understanding, she said that "all of our food is made to order." When I said that this was not an explanation - that every quality restaurants' food is made to order, and all that we had ordered were sandwiches, she suggested that we go to Subway and cancelled our food order. Really? You have a total of 8 customers on a beautiful Saturday afternoon and this isn't a clue to you that you are doing many things wrong?
3	Tonight was my second time at the vu. The first time was okay-good food and service but nothing to rave about. This time, the food was still delicious but the manager, Heidi, who was also supposed to be our server, we only saw twice in the 2 hours we were there. On the other hand, the busser, Keaton, was promptly attentive the entire evening, while also serving the other 5 tables that were occupied. He stayed on top of everyone and everything: filling our waters (and making sure they were cold, since we were on the patio in 90 degree weather), taking empty plates/drinks, taking drink and food orders, serving food and drinks, and doing this for every other table as well. Throughout the evening, I even saw him provide extra cushions for an elderly couple and help them walk out to their car. Not to mention he was running the entire time. Needless to say, we tipped him heavily. I would return to the vu for his service and the food, but if I returned to just Heidi, I would not stay. I was completely disgusted with her lack of integrity and professionalism.
1	Don't bother!  The view is the only thing they have! What a joke! Nobody in the bar! Could it be because of the smelly mop bucket by the front door?
5	Hands down one of my favorite places.  Arrived for a late lunch around 2:30 on a Friday afternoon. Had the day off and my friend was visiting so we ordered two plates to share and two napa Chardonnays. The antipasta plate was a amazing, quite the variety.  The ceaser was perfection, lite, served with an amazing piece of toasted bread. The waitress made pleasant conversation with us and really made my friend feel welcome since it was her first time.  Do I even have to mention the views??? Amazing amazing amazing!!!!
5	I've been going the the Vu for the last year. It's a great location with a beautiful panoramic view of the valley. The food is terrific! I love their Bruschetta!  Always a nice place to drop by, relax, take in the views, live music & delicious food. If you're in a hurry, go somewhere else, this is definitely a place to linger & re-charge your batteries.
5	First visit to Fountain Hills and we stopped for late afternoon dinner, recommended by a friend.  Had  burgers and salads. Delicious!  Plenty of food and fair prices. Great location. View is beautiful.  Peaceful and friendly atmosphere.  Will return.
5	I live in Scottsdale and have a great neighborhood restaurant/bar. The owner, Heidi, is so accommodating and helpful! The view here is gorgeous and the food excellent. This is a hidden gem in the nook of Fountain Hills. There is live music on the weekends, very high quality all the way round.
