4	My days of going to Fountain Park extend back 40+ years to when it was known as Municipal Park. The park has gone through a ton of changes over time and its current configuration may be the best. In the early years the park was heavy on baseball fields and not much else. Later a large playground was added along with a BMX track. Most of the BMX course gave way to what are now beautiful synthetic turf football fields. The original baseball field is still there and several soccer fields have been added to the layout. There is also a picnic area in the center of the park with tables and barbeques near the center of the park. These are most easily accessed from the Vegas Drive entrance to the park. The City of Las Vegas has done a great job with keeping Fountain current and user friendly. If you live I the Decatur/ Vegas Dr. area Fountain park is definitely a cool place to go get your exercise on!!
4	This is a 3 part park - soccer - BMX track - football.Football - it has 2 full size turf fields.  BMX - they have dirt track that seems like it is for advanced riders.  It is outfitted with a starting gate and plenty of jump, berms, ect...Soccer - It has 2 full size turf soccer fields open year round.  They get a lot of use but are in good shape.  There are 3 grass fields in the back that are open most of the year, but mostly for tournaments and league games.  The grass was in real good shape, but usually gets chewed up by spring.  Overall - a good place for games.They have bathrooms, play area and basketball courts.  Parking is tight on weekends or during tournaments.  The park is kinda of in the hood, but never had a problem.  One major perk - when the kids are practicing here I just drop them off and drive over to Komex!!! Right around the corner!!!
3	This park is ok. Came here for a friends kid bmx race. The bmx part is very cool, the park overall is poorly maintained
5	My review is strictly about the BMX track so riders and racers read on. This is what BMX is all about. Track operators are in it for the right reasons... The kids and love of BMX. 30+ motos on race nights. Great track. Great layout. Good for all skill sets and ages. Has snack bar. No pro shop. No pro set. Practice is Tuesdays evenings and races are Thursday evenings. USA BMX membership required and can be purchased on site. Track has weekly clinics Wednesday evenings from ABA hall of fame rider.  Oh .. And its one of the top 10 USA BMX tracks year after year for a reason. The kids, staff and the fans. Go ride now..
