5	Very nice new hotel in a great location.  Very clean.  Nice lobby with a good bar.  Large, comfortable room.  I had free internet access (not sure if that's standard).  Good conference rooms and associated services.
5	We loved staying at this particular location.  The rooms were comfortable, and featured beds you could adjust for comfort.  The wifi is complementary and the location is very close to the Metro and shopping areas.  The staff was extremely attentive, and very helpful with any question or concern.  The restaurant had a wonderful breakfast buffet and also had cooked to order fare.  They had a nice rooftop pool and hot tub and very nice fitness center.I highly recommend this hotel if you are staying in Montreal!
5	Great location near the heart of downtown, nice rooms, amazing showers, good firm beds, wireless, cable TV, microwaves and fridges in room...  pretty great hotel.
3	Excellent rooms, Good Bar/Restaurant, Staff is not bad.  Zero acknowledgment for its elite members.  This is a non issue if you stay at hotels only on occasion but if you travel a lot you learn to count on the benefits you are suppose to receive.  As a Hilton Diamond member they did nothing for me, no late check out(requested and denied), no high level floor(gave me level 2 of 10, I requested it at time of reservation 2 months prior to stay) and had to wait in line to check-in (no elite check-in). Overall a good hotel but if you are traveling for business don't expect the perks.
4	Hilton can do no wrong in my book. You always know exactly what you're going to get, there are no surprises, and everything is standardized within the company across their portfolio of brands. Nothing earth-shatteringly amazing to write home about, and no nasty little unexpected problems either. This Garden Inn location is no exception. The location, the price, the service, the amenities, all exactly what you want, need, and expect. The top-floor location of the pool, gym, and terrace is a nice touch. The only downsides include that it falls into the seemingly-growing subcategory of hotels where the elevator is my nemisis. The things take forever sometimes, which wouldn't be such a bad thing for me except that you can't access the guest room floors from the stairs. Also, there is the inevitable construction and demolition project going on next door that starts at 7 AM sharp on weekends, but that seems to have been my experience in every big-city hotel in which I've ever stayed, and is obviously well out of their control.
1	I stay in a lot of Hilton family hotels. A lot. Been an Honors Diamond member for 12 years running.  This is probably WAS the best "downtown" HGI that I've personally experienced.Until a recent series of major issues with the management regarding billing practices and subsequent denial of the agreed settlement has unfortunately placed this property on my "AVOID AT ALL COSTS" list.   If you get this property via Priceline, HotWire, or other similar service, you wont be disappointed - it features an excellent location with proximity to the Metro, Old Montreal, Chinatown, and the Latin Quarter.  The hotel has all of the basics well covered - pool, work out facilities, excellent beds, decent WiFi, microwave, fridge.  HOWEVER, business travelers should be very wary of this establishment.  Two consecutive major mess-ups from the front office exceeds my threshold for any generic business hotel.  For the same (frequently lower!) price I would recommend the Embassy Suites - particularly if you want to stay in the Hilton family.
4	Positives: - service desk was friendly and concierge was helpful in calling to arrange a daytime tour- 'as requested' omlette/egg station at breakfast is a nice touch- location is greatNegatives: - my room didn't get super dark - the thicker curtain only went halfway across where there were windows- bed comforter was too thick
2	This hotel ok. Nothing impressive. Mediocre food. I did order a shot of Vodka (Ketel One) at the bar and they delivered it very watered down. So beware, they water down the alcohol here.
3	My parents had a comfortable stay here in mid March. The rooms were clean and quiet. The staff was professional and helpful. They wanted a view, and the hotel seemed pretty empty, but they were told that there were only rooms available on the second floor. That seemed a little strange. We ate in the restaurant one night when my Mom felt bad, and it was surprisingly good food, though overpriced. It's awkward to pull a car up front - the drive up was usually blocked and Taxis would block you in.  Good option for the location. But no free breakfast! Boo!
4	Great hotel.  Room was huge and the location was better than any hotel in Montreal I looked at.  Was visiting for the Montreal Grand Prix and the location was close to the metro and even better to enjoy all the offerings during the concurrent Les Francofollies.  Food and drinks at Circos were great (service was even better!) and even the gym was the best I've used at any hotel I've been too in years.  The only negative thing I have to say is that the prices were an eye opener; BUT, comparable to the other hotels I looked at staying in.  Will definitely be returning!
5	This hotel is the best hotel in that area. We ran into a business man in the steam room who said he has stayed everywhere in Montreal and this beets them all out (crown plaza, Hyatt, Delta, intercontinental). I went in the Delta to pregame with friends and their rooms were smaller and not as classy. The Hilton blew that hotel out of the park. Price: Around 140 a night less tax and fees. It was about the same price as the other hotels in the area. You get more bang for your buck here. Rooms: Comfortable, classy and spacious.Bar: Small, excellent service, good food, but a little pricey (as to be expected at a hotel bar).Best features: Large pool on the top floor, with a full gym that has everything you would need.
4	I booked a few days here after I spent an earlier week at the mediocre Holiday Inn just next door.Like most Hilton Garden Inns, this one was quite well kept and maintained a cleanliness standard I expect from these properties.I never ate at the restaurant or spent much time in the hotel other than in the room.  One noticeable plus was the fast free internet!  If you're an international traveler and can't pay the roaming fees for your wifi hotspot, this is the place to go.  Get work done,  facetime with friends/family, watch movies ... it's all doable.
5	Great hotel in a perfect location for walking Montreal and for getting about on the buses and subway. It's my second stay here and hotel staff are attentive and friendly and the restaurant is pretty good generally and excellent for breakfast.
5	We had a lovely mid week stay here, the rooms are nice, very clean, the staff most friendly, free, fast Wi Fi. The location is nice , for nice resturants it is a 20 minute walk to Pince Arthur (they are in the closed part of the street).To go the metro and the underground city you have to walk tow blocks to the Baie department store and go to the basement. Not that close to Old Towne and the Port, either use metro or drive there is always parking around the Port. Also if you really have to go to Schwartz take your car you will find a metered parking within a few blocks of it. We found two great resturants in the neigberhood around Hutchison and Fairmount, but had to take a cab, have to investigate the parking situation on the next trip.
4	Ian at the concierge was exceptional. I left an important bag in a taxi and Ian worked for hours calling all the taxi companies. His supervisor Carl was also very helpful and supportive. I would recommend these gentlemen should be formally recognized by Hilton. Hotel was great!
1	I always believe that the true measure of an organisation is not how it operates when things are going well, but how it operates when things are going badly.And faced with technical problems, this Hilton Garden Inn fails to measure up :-(Although the technicians were helpful and tried to resolve things, the attitude of the Front Desk staff and Duty Manager was totally unhelpful, even bordering on the belligerent! The only thing that stopped me raising a formal complaint to the Chain was when I finally managed to get the General Manager to intervene - such escalation should NOT be necessary.
5	Awesome hotel. Super friendly bi-lingual staff, great location, and extremely well kept.
5	This was our first visit to Montreal and our stay at this HGI was excellent.Check in was efficient and rooms were spacious...wifi worked great, no glitches.The bell/concierge service was excellent for us...Adam B took the time to give us step by step directions and restaurant recommendations without hesitation.  They serve a full breakfast - continental buffet or place your order for eggs and omelets with your server.  Our server each morning was extremely friendly and pleasant.  In Montreal, French/English is not a problem at all.  If you don't mind subways, a two block walk to the Place-Des-Arts station or walk around 6 blocks to downtown and connect via the underground city.Taxis are always waiting to take you to the airport which is flat rate of $40 plus tip.It's not as easy to take the subway to the airport.
5	Great hotel. Cheap prices, clean, friendly staff and front desk.Special thanks to Adam and Samuel for being great concierges and giving us great recommendations on where to eat at night and good nightlife spots.
5	Always a great place to stay.Very clean, and attentive.They offer free Internet and a great Tapas bar to unwind from a long day away from home and family. When traveling on personal trips the hinton would be my go to hotel, very close to Metro and other fine dining.
3	Not Bad For Couple of Days in Canada
4	Great place to stay when in Montreal. Can pretty much walk or take metro to anywhere you'd want to go in the city which is great. The rooms I have stayed in are very spacious and the staff here are very user-friendly.
4	Great location, as you can walk to a lot of the surrounding neighborhoods. Parking is about $25/day with unlimited in/out privileges. I was 6+months pregnant during our trip, and ended up driving more than we thought, so the parking was convenient for us. The room was clean, service was good, and the concierge staff was always friendly. We also appreciated the free water and iced tea in the lobby. One night we were so exhausted from the day that we decided just to stay in for dinner. We ordered food at the hotel restaurant and had them bring it up to our room. Speedy service and perfect way to unwind after a long day. Great price and comfortable accommodations. Would stay there again.
4	I enjoyed my stay at this HGI property and would stay again if I was in the area. I stay at Hilton properties quite a bit and manage to make Diamond Status each year.A couple of things that I noticed at this particular property. Front Desk Service was outstanding. Restaurant/Bar Service could be hit or miss. Marc in the morning was GREAT - Bonjour/Good Morning Marc !! You want Mike P to make your drinks at night. Very nice Fitness center / pool area / outdoor terrace on the 11th floor. There was no way for me to take the stairs from the 11th floor to 10. I could go up to 11, but the door was locked when you went down. There should be key card access to prevent this. The Parking Levels were crowded everyday and the spaces are tight. The entire property was clean clean clean.A quick walk a few blocks to Rue Jeanne-Mance is a must for people watching and restaurants. Whatever you do, DON'T go to Caffee & Cucina 2 doors down from the hotel - just awful!! They messed up Veggie Spag ! Old Montreal is a must and easily accessible from the hotel. Room 1029 was very comfortable but no view except construction.
5	Stayed here for 3 nights and had a great experience. The hotel is very nice, clean and felt up to date. We can't say enough about the staff. They were more than accommodating, and on top of that extremely friendly. Great happy hour, wandered in on our first evening and ended up staying there most of the night. I can honestly say Kevin the bartender made our trip even more fun than it already was! Had great recommendations for places to visit as well, with a great local perspective. Also the pool/hot tub/fitness center up on the top floor is beautiful with an amazing view of the city. Thanks to all at the Hilton Garden!
4	Stayed here for a 3 night vacation. Great service, clean rooms, centrally located. What more can you ask? Definitely recommended.Some tips: there's a supermarket nearby and room comes with a fridge and microwave.Only downside: steep parking fees ($25/night).
4	The service when you walked in was spectacular. The room was nice and clean. The hotel was up to date. However, they definitely need new mattresses as my back was completely sinking in to the box spring. Had to place a pillow on the small of my back to sleep more comfortably.
1	Never book large groups here! After having some friends over in my room the hotel management came and essentially evicted all of us for a noise violation when there were apparently no complaining parties. It was ridiculous.
4	Short and sweet review...I've stayed in "nicer" hotels in Montreal, but this is probably my favourite.Free wifi, the rooms all have fridges and microwaves, and there is a pool.Not much else to report because for better or worse my trip didn't require anything else.  4 stars!
