4	This place just opened yesterday and I was excited to try it.  Overall I had a great experience, especially for a restaurant that just opened where they may have some kinks to work out.  There was a nice happy hour special of $5 Moscow mules, Mojitos or Dark'n'Stormys.  They made homemade ginger infusions with the drinks which was a nice touch.  Would have been nice to have a wine happy hour special though too since this place seems to portray itself as a wine bar/bistro.  I also had a glass of Sangria afterward which was very good.  They seemed to have a decent wine selection by the glass or bottle as well and they offered tastes before deciding.  Our server was very friendly and attentive and the owner of the restaurant also stopped by and introduced himself and asked us how we were doing a couple of times.  They also had a fun sense of humor.  I had no issues with the service other than the timing of the dishes coming out with my group could have been a bit more organized.  The decor was very nice and cozy, and the music and ambience were overall very nice. It looks like they have an outdoor patio area they are working on setting up which will be really nice.  However, some of the artwork was a little weird and cheap looking.  It looked like someone had taken their personal photography and printed them out on poster boards and hung them up on the wall.  They were not framed and some had messed up damaged corners or edges.  Some of the art was not so great with things like a closeup of a guy smoking and of a lady in a bra in a vineyard with a closeup of a lot of skin hanging out.  It just didn't seem that artistic or attractive.  But some of the art was nicer.  They brought out bread while we waited for our food.  The bread was homemade and it came with a tasty saffron aioli.  But unfortunately the bread seemed a little overbaked and lacking in something, as it was extremely hard (I only had a butter knife and had a seriously hard time breaking into it) and didn't really taste like much, but the saffron aioli made it better.  I ordered the trio of kebobs and the grouper ceviche and both were delicious.  The portions were a little small for the price but the quality and presentation were excellent.  The menu has quite an interesting selection of items from Mediterranean, to Middle Eastern, to South American.  It would be nice to see a few more entrees but I guess it's more of a tapas place.  I definitely enjoyed everything and would go back here again.
2	A cute setting with a wait staff that's trying very hard. We got most dishes on the menu across our group of 5 and all of them were incredibly bland---including the sangria and the house wine. Worst part: we paid $45 a person for all of it! Such a ripoff! I feel bad because they're trying hard but I don't think they'll last...
2	I'm always excited to try out new places. And always a little hesitant. Who knows what will happen? That's the thrill, right? And when the owner greets you with a warm hand shake at the door, it makes a good first impression. But I'm sad to say I wasn't very impressed with the food. Everything on the menu sounded tantalizing. So me and my dining companion decided to split the Lamb sliders and mussels. I started off with the red pepper soup, which was bland. I tried my friends french onion soup, which was much better. I think the layer of melty cheese on top helped mightily. The mussels were incredibly lemony. It didn't have the right ratio of lemon to white wine to olive oil in my opinion. I love lemon, but it was a bit much. We also asked if bread came with it. The waiter smiled and said "oh yeah!" emphatically. When I imagine bread with my mussels, I imagine a thick piece of crusty Italian or something similar. But our "bread" was literally the thin slices of bread given to us at the start of the meal. Nothing else came out with the mussels. Total bummer. I LOVE lamb, and while the actual lamb tasted fresh, and was cooked medium rare, just how I like it, it was also bland. Just didn't have the seasoning there. And call me crazy, but the lettuce looked wilted. You know when you have a bag in the refrigerator for too long and the corners get dark? I spotted a couple of those. I stopped eating the side salad after I noticed that.  I was also excited about the wine list. I didn't see my usual Malbec, so I tried a Spanish wine (suggested by the waiter) and then a Chianti. Both were lighter in flavor than I'm used to. Weren't necessarily bad. Just wouldn't be something I would have picked... since I asked the waiter for suggestions. Maybe that was my bad?Service was extremely friendly, I really can't say enough good things about it. I think that's why I feel so bad not giving it a better rating. It's such a cozy place inside. I really hope they work on the menu more to match the stellar service.
3	1.)Overpriced "special" entrees and appetizers. 2.)Cramped seating on patio. 3.)Wait staff was friendly.4.)Good wine selection and prices
2	The most expensive meal on the dinner menu is $20 but we were encouraged to try the 'special' filet. No mention of price by our waitress. Then the bill arrived with the bad news: $36 for the filet. Really took the wind out of our sails on an otherwise great night. Buyer beware!
5	This place has an awesome atmosphere and delicious food.  The owner/Dave is very personable and makes sure you are 100% satisfied.  Also, I like that he changes the menu nightly and has several specials.  I had the lollipop lamb chops and they were the best!  The wine list/offering  is great and Dave the owner is really knowledgeable if you have any questions before purchasing a full bottle of wine.
5	This was my first time at Open Bottle and the experience was amazing. I was greeted at the front door by a gentleman who ended up being my server. He shook my hand and introduced himself. Shortly afterwards, the owner also came over and introduced himself. The staff and service was wonderful. My server took great care in describing  the wines they had to offer. The food was excellent and the price was reasonable. Would definitely recommend.
4	Great wines, wonderful food, and cozy ambiance.  I have just been once to Open Bottle, but I can't wait to go back.  The staff is welcoming and the service is very good.You may remember the building from when it was La Casa, but I think this restaurant works better in this new format and with a new owner.  I had the Roasted Amish Chicken Basquaise, which was prepared beautifully.  The wine list is one of the most intriguing in Pittsburgh.
2	Oh how I had hoped this place would great, for if there's one thing Pittsburgh lacks, it's small, casual bistros serving great food at a good price. My girlfriend and I decided to give it a go on a Friday evening...First, the decor... we ate inside, which was a bit bland despite the attempt to add some European culture to the walls. The room was small, about half full, with a small bar towards the back. I normally enjoy a cozy room, but the sound was very active, and the conversation between the bartender and his patrons could be overhead by everyone. Our table, which sat parallel to the bar, was too deep for the space, resulting in constantly feeling as though I would be run into by the wait staff. The tables and chairs felt cheap and generic. The place mats, chincy. And our table was not well cleaned.Second, the food... we each ordered the caprese to start. The tomatoes were average at best, with bland mozzarella and dry, tasteless basil that seemed as though it was two weeks past its prime. For some reason the outer rim of the plate was covered in fine ground pepper -- perhaps to hide the water spots and stains on the poorly cleaned plate.Our entrees were served over an hour hour after we arrived. I ordered the duck special, which was a half roast duck, orange sauce and potatoes. For some reason the server asked me how I'd like my duck cooked... clearly it didn't matter, as my duck was cooked to the same temperature as the other half delivered to some other patron. Overall the meat was overcooked, unseasoned, and uninspiring. The sauce was OK, but barely present. The potatoes were bland, and again, completely unseasoned.A half roast duck is no easy task... they clearly should have sectioned the duck to better control the cooking. It was also impossible to fully break down and eat at the table without running the risk of a bone flying across the room. A big disappointment for $36.My girlfriend ordered the creamy risotto with mushrooms and cheese. Long story short, it was almost completely tasteless, and the mushrooms were nowhere to be found.Lastly, the service. The staff was friendly enough, but our server lacked any enthusiasm. Everything was slow. We chose not to order wine, but our glasses were left for most of the meal. Our fork and knives were set incorrectly. And the staff was often milling around the bar, talking -- a problem for such a small place. None of these things on their own really matter, but when added up, it made for a rather unpolished experience.This place had potential, but thus far, isn't bringing it. Save your money... you can easily find a better meal.
5	I've only been here for lunch but the service, atmosphere and food are all fantastic!
5	Great atmosphere.  Highly recommend getting a seat on the outdoor patio.  The service was top notch, the food and drinks were excellent.  The Cuban sandwich and a monaco together are awesome
3	My friend suggested that we meet up at Open Bottle Bistro for dinner. For both of us, it was our first time dining at the restaurant, although I had previously dined in the space when it was under different ownership and had a Spanish/tapas theme.We had a reservation on a Monday evening. With the exception of a couple guys at the bar (one whom I think was the owner), it was just us and some random guy playing an accordion, which I thought was pretty odd.The menu is the perfect size with several appetizers and entrees, but I found the prices to be extremely expensive (especially after seeing the portion size and the quality of the food). My friend and I each ordered drinks, shared a cheese platter, and each ordered the chicken entree. There are other reviews that suggest the price of the food is too expensive, which I couldn't agree with more. Granted, I do think Monday's can be slower in the restaurant world, but only one other table walked in during our 90 minute meal. This to me suggests management isn't doing something right and should seriously evaluate what's going on.On a positive note and in line with other reviewers, the service was really great. Location - 4 StarsService - 4 StarsFood - 2.5 StarsPrice - 2 Stars
