5	Amazing amazing chocolates.  Customer service is beyond outstanding.  When I'm in the area, I go here and buy as much as I can justify ("it's to take home as gifts", yeah, right).  Awhile back I ordered multiple boxes as end-of-year teacher's gifts (I really liked my kids' teachers).  They arrived well cushioned in cardboard with shredded stuff.  Problem was, it had been a tad warm, so the chocolates along one side of each of maybe two boxes were melted.  I called them and told them what happened.  They sent me TWO NEW BOXES.  They didn't want to use insulated shipping containers (a green thing), but the second box, well, it worked and they'd obviously put some effort in to it.Their prices are very reasonable for the best chocolate in the universe, and I've made some hefty comparisons.  Oh, and if you go here to buy stuff, they GIVE YOU SAMPLES.  Woohoo!
5	The most amazing chocolate ever! When my husband was trying to woo me he had a gigantic box sent to me in LA, needless to say a man that would send something so delicious won me over.This place has been here for a while and anytime I come home I have to go to the original location located in my hometown of Verona. It's a little like stepping into Willy Wonka's chocolate factory. Walking through the front door with its' large "C" handle and heading to the counter to get your sample is incredibly fun. I only wish there was a location here in LA.
5	"Amazing" is a perfect word for these chocolates.  My husband ordered me a box for Valentines  day this year.  Wow! I have to say I was so impressed. I will be purchasing some for my mother for her birthday!
5	These chocolates are the best I have ever tasted.  This is saying a lot.  The box is beautiful and it completes the experience.  There is no map included, but every single concoction is its own experience...from subtle herbal overtones to gooey caramel.  A houseguest (friend of my daughter) brought a box to me from Verona, and I am hooked.   They give a whole new appeal to the idea of staying home and eating bonbons.
5	I can't believe I've never reviewed this heavenly store! My boyfriend had heard about this place, but had never gone because he's allergic to chocolate. One day a few years ago he surprised me by taking me. We were greeted by the owner. He was incredibly nice, offered a sample, and told us about the place. I ended up getting a random box of 9 pieces. After that I was hooked! I've had every type they make and I've never had one I disliked! I've "forced" them on friends and family and they all agree that they're the best chocolates they've ever had. One of my two favorites, elderflower truffle, is definitely one of the more popular ones with those I know. My other favorite, chai, is a little less popular, but I've still never had anyone say they disliked it either. The only one I've had that I wasn't sure about was the champagne truffle. At first the taste was touch over powering, but the second time I tried it I loved it. Anyway! If you can I highly suggest getting one of every flavor, pulling up their site where it shows which is which, and going through taste testing them all. That way you can find out which you like the best and call ahead to request a box of your liking. Oh, and a quick mention to the amazing packaging! Everything about it is just so perfect. I really love how much thought has gone into every last part of the experience.
