3	Went there tonight before the game.  The best thing about the whole bar is their t-shirts.  (I really wanted the t-shirt that read "You look like I could use a drink")Anyway....I had the nachos...bad choice....smothered in cheese sauce and melted cheese, beans, cheese, peppers, cheese, tomatoes, and oh yeah...cheese.  It was a soggy mess.  (And it was huge...the nice server should have been thoughtful enough to warn me that it could feed a table of 6)... my friend had the pulled pork sandwich and the probably the best onion rings that I ever had. (Yes I stole a few)I have to give it minus another star for the HORRIBLE music that they play...seriously...if I am going to see a game, I don't think house and dance music is the way to go. But too each his own.But I did had to cut the time short during the game because I started to get sick....hmmmm...soggy nachos perhaps?
2	i have mixed reviews of this bar & grill. WARNING: THIS PLACE IS ONLY OPEN ON GAME DAYS. THEIR ANSWERING MACHINE DOESN'T TELL YOU THAT!! first, it's a cool place. i went here before the diamondbacks game. it's cold inside, the 5 or so tvs are nice, nice low tables & hi-tops. not over the top crowded. THIS IS A GOOD PLACE TO DRINK BEFORE OR AFTER THE GAME.  the bottled beer was $2.50. this is definitely priced below other places around the ballpark. other places, on average, are about $4.00 a bottle. HOWEVER, we weren't impressed with the food. there were no food specials, but then again, none of the other bars around the ballpark have food specials. the menu is LIMITED to sandwiches, brats, burgers, and typical appetizers like nachos & wings. when i looked on their menu on-line, it was very different. the menu was much more extensive offering steaks, ribs, chicken, etc... but none of this was on the actual menu. this is why we went there, for the steaks. we got a 1/3 lb burger plate and a brat plate. the burger with cheese & bacon was $9.25 and had onion rings. the burger was no where near the stated 1/3 lb.  it was a dinky, crappy little burger. in my opinion, way overpriced for what you got. the brat plate was $6.75 or so. decent brat loaded with sauerkraut. however, the brat was suppose to come with grilled onions and beer battered sauerkraut. there wasn't a single onion on it and the kraut was very plain and i thought tasted bad. my side cup of potato soup was really good. all in all, i would not go here for the food. it's overpriced and not so great tasting. the drinks are priced well. it's a nice place to hang and have a drink. food, i would go to cooperstown.
2	Yay! Tiggo's, you capped off a night of watching the Suns game by actually running me out before it ended. I don't remember the last time I've not watched a game in its entirety. You make me want to watch at home because it is becoming apparent that downtown Phoenix sports bars are awful.Please hire a bartender that knows what she is doing. You can put any cute, slightly over face painted girl behind the bar and have her get drinks and push buttons. It's just that some take a lot longer to do things. The bar was full to capacity and she was moving at the same speed I would move if mom asked me to take out the trash when I was 12. She had trouble opening bottles of coors light with a bottle opener, couldn't find the buttons she wanted on the POS screen, and generally wasn't good at her job. Their saving grace from getting one star is they have $2.50 coors lights. Yeah yeah, I drink shitty beer. Eat one if you have a problem with that, lol. I finally had to leave because after two beers I had to pee so bad and their restroom was under standing liquid, not sure what kind, but I wasn't about to walk in it.
