5	GREAT babies/kids clothing! Although a bit pricey, everything is cottony and i believe organic and comfy and comes in a ton of colors. The separates you can buy there like shirts, leggings, and jumpers are perfect for mismatching and creating tons of new looks. What is great about wild child is that the clothes are practical, whimsical, fun, and appropriate for children. Nothing has logos or dumb words or graphics on it, and most of the clothes are considered gender neutral.
5	LOVE this store. I shopped here for my children when they were younger (now 16 & 19), friends, anyone I can! The clothes are organic, fun, funky, colorful...wonderful. Many other items are sold here and the customer service is great. I HIGHLY recommend this store.
4	Fun little shop!  Love that they carry Zutano, Jefferies Socks, Haba, Robeez, etc. The guy behind the counter was very welcoming and nice.  Well laid out for a small shop, filled with great stuff, but not overwhelmingly packed - plenty of room to move around and browse.  A great spot to find age appropriate, fun and whimsical clothing items.  Wonderful place to find unique gifts.My one complaint is their prices - a bit too high! Though, I realize they must have a smaller inventory, etc. which will be reflected in prices... Overall, great little shop and I look forward to visiting again when we're back in Madison.
4	Fun fact: I have a tradition of buying my almost two year old a book from each city I visit, whether it's for work or fun. So when I was heading to Barriques to meet Corey D for a coffee and walked past Wild Child I had to divert myself for a few minutes to step into this cool little kids shop and see if I could find something to bring home.There is a decent selection of clothing in a wide variety of sizes. I saw some of my favorite brands in the store as well as a neat selection of locally made stuff. The toy selection was a bit smaller than the clothing, but just as carefully curated and I did indeed find quite a few options for a book to buy Little Man E. If I lived in the area (or had more room in my luggage) I would have definitely bought something from their music area as they had fun drums and other instruments that were sized for tiny hands and reasonably priced. The man working in the store was super helpful and very pleasant and I could see stopping in here regularly if I lived in the area.
