2	Let the attack of the Blue Hairs begin!  You simply cannot eat here without being shoulder checked by retiree's from Sun City West & Sun City Grand.  They must get to the scrambled eggs before you do, because YOU may take all of them.  The food - yeah, it's basically OK for a buffet.  The selection is pretty good, the food is hot, and some of it is even tasty.  The tables are jammed in to make more room for the elderly and to maximize profits.  And it is your typical buffet decor.  Did I mention that the old farts are like professional hockey players when they get near a buffet?  It is like in a room full of food suddenly becoming afraid that you won't get what you want to eat.  It is ABSURD!Go if you must, but bring some attitude and some shoulder pads.  Watch out for old farts.  Wear an Obama shirt, that should really get em pissed at ya.
2	A basic buffet style restaurant, Golden Corral offers a lot for a relatively low price. Does this mean the restaurant is good? Not necessarily. Read on...(Scales are 1-5, same as Yelp ratings)Atmosphere: 1During peak hours for breakfast, lunch and dinner, the place is jam packed with seniors and families. Fortunately, the restaurant has a decent amount of seating, but you'll still feel like you're packed into a sardine can. Additionally, the food is REALLY close to the seating, making eating very uncomfortable as people pass by you to get seconds (or thirds, fourths...). Service: 3I can't really complain too much about the service since a buffet is naturally self serve. But, the employees at the cash register were prompt and the waitress serving drinks was relatively attentive. I gave the service a 3 largely because I found that the food servers failed to refill food bins on a timely basis. Additionally, the deserts area was a mess. A lot of the pastries and cakes had to be taken by hand. The area was generally dirty given chocolate stains and ice cream droppings. Reminded me a lot of my days in the dorm dining halls in college.Food: 2Ever been to an average Las Vegas buffet? This, for the most part, mimics it. Largely American based foods, with Americanized ethnic foods (orange chicken, burritos). The food is kept hot. And, I admit, the food can be tasty. There are vegetarian offerings. The desert section is limited, especially for those with diabetes. Cost: 3.5You can't beat the cost of a buffet if you eat a lot. So, quantity will typically match cost. If you are a senior or a child, there is a nice reduction. Pros: Decent cost. Certain dishes are tasty.Cons: During peak hours, jam packed and very uncomfortable. Buffet offers basic American or Americanized foods. Desert section is lacking and disorganized.In sum, avoid this place like the plague during peak hours. Go here only if you want quantity. If you want a real Buffet, go to Vegas.Sample Size: I have eaten here once in the last year.
1	Ahh Sun City: population who cares...the place you live to die.  This food is for the dying soul.  so if you're ready to go....itadakimasu! (japanese for bon appetite)
2	What do you want when they throw food out for the masses. Had a lot of everything and when we were leaving, we saw a rainbow in the distance along with angels singing. Wait a minute, that's my stomach making that noise. I'll go back and strap the feedbag on the next time I come to town.
1	We've been to the Golden Corral for breakfast many times and each time it gets ever so slightly worse. This most recent visit was really the final straw for me.  The food is so overly salted that I have to wonder if there is an enormous salt lick in the back that they use when heating up the food. My son likes to drink milk and the little cartons of milk available for the kids have been spoiled the last three visits. The dates have been fine but the contents of the cartons have been spoiled to the point of becoming cheese....ew.  With that in mind...something is wrong here. The service is sketchy at best. What starts out as a great server ends up overwhelmed, annoyed, and irritable within 30 minutes. Who knows why or what happened but all I know is that the plates stop coming and the friendliness goes out the window. So basically...skip this place. Go down the road to the JB's in Sun City Grand. Sure the blue hairs will glare at you because you are on their turf, but at least you'll get a decent meal.
4	Mike C & I have been trying the various Golden Corrals around the Valley lately & worked our way around to this one today.  It's nice inside, with stylish decor & lots of energy-efficient lighting, which give it a perky, fun atmosphere.  It's laid out backwards from most of the other Valley locations, which took a little getting used to, but the placement of the foods all made sense, & THEY HAVE SOUP SPOONS at this one!  Can you imagine?Things were very nice here overall, but my desire to get a fried chicken wing alone was thwarted here, as in two of the last three locations, so I called for the manager, to gripe.  Manager Joe told me that the distributor is bringing the chicken in cut up that way (a decision made above this store), but that he would be happy to fix wings only for me.  I appreciated that, but passed this time because there was so much other good food to fill up on here anyway, & I was getting close to starting on desserts, which they always have a nice array of.Everything was good here, & the lava cake, among certain other things, was terrific!  The 2-Star average this one has gathered from the other reviewers is VERY UNFAIR in my opinion!  I went to a 2-Star buffet yesterday (New China Super Buffet in Sun City), & it was a long, long way below this place, people!  I hope future reviewers will show a little more respect for both the restaurant & for the Yelp rating system, & give this place the 4 or 5-Stars it deserves if you review it!Lunch Buffet $7.69, Sr. $7.19
5	well my trip to this golden corral was well worth the trip.Ilove golden corral and this is probably my favorite one.They had my favorite dishes from there amazing pot roast to the molten lava cake. a few new items were the homemade potato chips were bbq and they also had some breaded chicken livers that were very good and that is something you dont see at any buffet.they also have a cream of potato and bacon soup that is very taste.as far as all the one and two star reviews go i cant figure out the problem these people have..do they not like lots of good food with plenty of choices. Well i hope my review boosts there rating because i love golden corral and i hate to see them get negative reviews because i dont think they deserve them.
5	I'm surprised to see so much negativity in many of the reviews. Others that I know, and I have never had a bad meal here. There is a wide variety of items to choose from, all of which are very fresh, and kept at the right temperature.There is better Asian food here, than in any Chinese Restaurant in the immediate area. High quality ground steak is used for the sliders. The pot roast, turkey, chicken, and taco meat are top grade. If you go for dinner, the steaks are delicious.Their dessert bar is second to none. Yes, it gets a little messy because you're dealing with toppings and fudge, and customers who are responsible for the mess that they are complaining about!The staff is extremely friendly, and all of the servers not only work very hard, but they are as effective and efficient as any I've ever seen. Without hesitation or reservation, I'd classify the service as "exemplary". In fact I'd venture to say that the servers not only don't get the credit they deserve, but are probably shortchanged by most patrons when it comes to their tips.Ask yourself this. When eating at a sit down restaurant, does the server make as many trips to your table as the ones here do?If you want really good food at a price you can't beat, try this place.To be fair, if I have one criticism, it is that the cooks should not wait until 10 minutes after food bins are empty, to start cooking up the next batch.
3	It's been a year & a half since visiting & reviewing this Golden Corral, so I got together with Arlin B. & Mike C. to give it a new try.  Unfortunately, it has dropped down a little from last time, & from some of the other Golden Corrals here in AZ.My first gripe was that the water in the bathroom is softened & you can't get the soap off your hands after you wash them!  Sometimes restaurants have a softener on the hot but not the cold water, so you can just rinse your hands with cold.  Here, though, you can't control the hot & cold flow, & also it seemed very much that both must be softened.  SO, you wipe your greasy hands on a paper towel & go out for the food.The food at this GC is put out backwards from the layout at most of their other locations to begin with, & then they have it served all over the place, willy-nilly.  For instance, the mashed potatoes are on the right side of the restaurant, but the chicken gravy is on the left side, far away.  On the way there, you pass the grill area, which is supposed to have hot food presented, but lo, there is the potato salad!  What a mixed up mess!  The recipes & preparation of the food was all over the place, too.  The fried liver was good, the macaroni & cheese awful.  The fried chicken was good, but the cabbage with bits of ham in it was very, very salty!   ...and so on.With all this said, you can still pull yourself together a good meal here, for a reasonable price, so 3 Stars!Lunch Buffet now $7.89/$7.29 Sr.
4	I hate buffets! But this is beyond a buffet!!!! They make food fresh, so its never just sitting around. Steak and seafood cooked in front of you. Staff constantly walking around so no kid has the option to even attempt touching items with their fingers. Staff is friendly. Restaurant is clean. Great selection of food!
4	We go here every now and again. There is always something enjoyable to find and eat. And the good thing is, if you don't like what you pick, you're not committed to it. The breakfast is one of my favorite times to go, because I like to get eggs, pancakes, and french toast--but in small portions. I also, even though I shouldn't, try a little of their cinnamon bun...their mouth watering, icing drenched, artery clocking cinnamon bun. Sooo good. I also love the new chocolate waterfall--even though a hate seeing all the little kids go up to it and stick their fingers in...Yuck!
4	First, it is what it is. Strap your feedbag on and head for the buffet! The food is above average for a feeding trough place, and the cost is reasonable. Like another Yelper talked about, the blue-hair's from the Sun Cities will bum rush, and walker check you to get to the buffet. It's also fun to watch them stack up at the front entrance just before 4PM, so they can get dinner for lunch pricing. Minutes later there is a geriatric scrum at the buffet when the dinner items are served. But given the choice, I'll take the old folks over screaming children. Being a bit grossed out by many buffet's, with so many people handling the serving spoons, I was glad to see hand sanitizer dispensers. The service was friendly and efficient, and the restaurant was clean.
5	= = = = = =  WEEKDAY LUNCH BUFFET!  = = = = = =It's been another nine months since circling around to this one, so Mike C. & I dropped in here for lunch today.  Oh, what a megacalorie feast!  Now the trick here at any Golden Corral is to arrive at about 10:45 AM, as we did.  That way you can pig out on the breakfast items just before they switch them out for the lunch choices, increasing the overall food selection from excellent to terrific!  (Breakfast time price is a little less, too!)A few of the extra good foodies this time were:*  The Smoky Cheese Potato Bake!*  The mild but meaty Chili & Beans!*  The big, crispy Onion Rings (Better than Ted's!)!*  Toasted pine nuts!*  FOUR kinds of real ice cream, as well as two soft serves & many other desserts!Lunch Buffet only $8.19/$7.49 Sr.  & even a little less before 11 AM!It's up to 5 Stars now for this great American Buffet!     :-))
4	So much food to pick from...When I want to pack on the pounds and feast on good ole meat and potato's this is on top of my list.  When I go out with the guys its almost a competition of who can eat the most plates.  The rolls are excellent, the selection is great, yes you can pound down fresh salad and fruit if you are on a diet.  Or go all out and eat sweet potato mash with marshmallows and turkey and gravy....Thanksgiving everyday :)Great tip: Arrive before 11, I would go at 1030 eat some bacon and eggs and then after 11 they serve lunch items.  Great breakfast items also.....Enjoy :)
1	The food here is never hot unless you get it fresh off the grill which will be overcooked or raw.  Everytime I eat here whether it is breakfast, lunch, or dinner I am stuck in the bathroom for hours.  I will never eat here again.  I wish the State board of Health would check into this place
4	awesome! My stomach isn't big enough for all the good food. waaaayyyy better than hometown buffet and that whole chain.
3	For a buffet this place is pretty decent. We went for breakfast. There was typical and some not so typical breakfast fare. Pancakes, fresh made waffles, eggs, bacon, sausage, ham, fruit, made to order sirloin steaks, hash browns, biscuits and gravy. There were also some lunch items and salad bar. I personally am not big on buffet type restaurants but it is a good choice if you are going to go to any buffet. Everything was fresh and the waitress was attentive and brought us drink refills and cleared our plates frequently.
3	We go here way too often, the foods great (except the Chinese food they offer... Yuck!). The chicken is moist, the favors are good! I will say they are not too good at grilling steaks. They will put a stick stating its med well when in fact it's super rare! Sometimes you do get lucky with the steaks, but not often enough.
1	I have always been a fan of Golden Corral and their buffet. But this particular location was terrible. The food was so undercooked, the fried fish was raw (sushi anyone?), pizza dough was still raw, and the variety was lacking. It was not worth the amount we paid for, especially for the lunch buffet. I would highly recommend going to the location in Goodyear if you're willing to drive a little bit further.
1	We went there this weekend for lunch.  Almost $30.00 for 2 of us for food that wasn't worth it.  Chicken....lots and lots of chicken, I didn't see much else except meatloaf.  Pizza crust was limp and soggy.   Mostly the reason I give such a low rating is the price and both of us got sick afterwards.  We will never go there again.
4	The best service of any restaurant ever ask for Jesus!Outside of Vegas this is The Buffet! Assortment, decent quality, great price.Dianne runs the joint like a machine!Any time we are within 20 miles at meal time, you know where we will be!
3	Okay so, the food wasn't good at all. The mashed potatoes were super sticky, the steak tasted like armpit (not kidding), and the pizza was under cooked. The price seemed a little too pricy for crappy food... BUT the ice cream was good, plus the cotton candy, and chocolate fondue fountain were yummy. Although they took FOREVER to put out more strawberries. Out of everything, I really did enjoy the customer service the most. The waiters and waitresses were very attentive and kind. 5 stars for customer service 2 stars for food.  I would return but only during the week around lunch time to save money. It's just not worth $12 a person on the weekend.
1	Stopped here after church with my 4 little ones. I paid and got our drinks no problem. Everyone got their first plates of food and we sat down to eat. My youngest son started fussing and out of no where threw up. I was trying to clean up what I could (heres where it goes very badly). "Waitress" was notified of what happened, she not once offered to move the people around us (there was puke on the floor). In fact she said well someone will come clean it up. I was trying to get the kids out the door. As we got to the front I ask a girl to get me a manager. I wanted to let them know so that the people could move (it's carpet, not quick easy clean up). I explain what happened and to my shock he says "We'll I'm not cleaning it up it's your responsibility". Not concerned about the others eating or my son. I said well it's on the floor and people are trying to eat and we didn't eat anything. Not once did this MANAGER offer anything but rude and snarky comments! I won't be going back to this place anytime soon!
1	I'm in Sun City visiting my mom, and apparently this is a favorite of she and her husband. I'm absolutely stunned, as they usually have decent taste. Thus place was truly terrible.  The only redeeming quality was that it was relatively clean.
1	Blech....the food is nasty, everything tastes like something other than what it is and the old people, my God, the old people. I should expect no less since we live so close to Sun City; but for the love of God they are everywhere!! Maybe because the food was so bad that the old people only added to my total dissatisfaction. I will admit that I have a general aversion to buffets  because they kind of gross me out anyway. Most of the time the food is not good, nor good for you and generally the restaurants are filthy-- food on the floor from the toddler before you or the bus persons who just clear the table onto the floor and don't even clean off the condiments that are on the tables-- eeewwwww. So take this review for what it is worth and dine at your own risk.
2	Dont get me wrong love love love golden corral straight jazzed about them but this ones food was terrible. 1st golden corral i didnt go back for 2nds round at. On the other hand besides it being old peoples nesting den the service was awesome super friendly and on point.
