3	I have mixed feelings about Jared.  I like their selection and their staff seems quite knowledgeable, but the salespeople are a little too pushy.  If you look at anything they want to get your phone number and they will call you to see if you're still interested.  That could be good for some people, but it's just not my style.  I have several pieces of jewelry that came from this store and I love every piece.  My husband even got a decent deal on my engagement ring and wedding band which appraised for a little more than what he paid for it.  I trust the quality of jewelry that comes from this store.The part that drives me crazy about Jared is the repair department.  Every six months I have to get my jewelry inspected in order to keep up with the extended warranty.  And every six months this process is like torture.  I don't know if they try to make it extra difficult so the customers will void their warranty, but it seems like there would have to be a better, faster way to go about this.  Ideally this process would consist of me dropping my jewelry off along with my paperwork and coming back in an hour or two to pick it up.  Instead, there's always a 20 minute period where they want to me hang out while they look at every diamond through the microscope (and my rings have around 40 small diamonds), then they have to hand write every bit of information that's on my warranty paperwork (name, address, phone number, etc) onto another form.  I'm not sure why, but they want me to stand there and watch them do all of this.  When they're finally done transferring all the info they usually tell me to come back in a couple hours.  Couldn't they have just told me that 20 minutes ago?  They really should invest in a computer system that can electronically file customer info to cut down on the waiting around.
5	I came in late on a Saturday afternoon to have a jewelry repair done on a ring I purchased more than a year ago at a Jared's in Massachusetts.  The ring had a bent post and the stone had fallen out.  The representatives at the jewelry repair counter were super friendly and knowledgable.  I expected to have to drop it off for a week like I have done in the past, but I was informed that they could probably turn it around in a couple of hours.  After filling out the paperwork the person at the counter went to verify the turnaround, and the jewelry tech (whose shift was ending in 15 minutes) told her that he would do it while I waited.  Totally floored with the service I received here and my interactions with every staff member.  I was in and out with a beautifully repaired ring within 30 minutes (instead of the two trips and one week I had expected).  I'll definitely be back to this location for any future jewelry purchases or repairs!
1	My husband bought a bracelet for our anniversary knowing that it would be to large for my small wrist.  The sales rep assured my husband that any Jared's could adjust the size for me if I brought it back in.  When I brought the bracelet in to be properly sized they said since he didn't buy an extended warranty they would have to charge to resize the bracelet.  When I told the manger what the sales rep told my husband she replied "I'm sorry that my sales rep misled your husband, but that's the way it is".   I thought this is very port business practice, she just admitted the new sales rep was wrong.  She was extremely condescending an I was very embarrassed. I asked to return the bracket, but she said that I was being difficult and she wouldn't take it back. I told her that's irrational and she needed to let me return the bracelet.  She finally did. When I left another sales rep said in a very sarcastic manner "have a nice day". So very embarrassing!  Horrible people work at the North Lake Jared's.
