5	To enter Narnia all one has to do is step into a wardrobe. The NM Cafe, however, requires a small traipse through the Neiman Marcus men's section. Finding this hidden gem is well worth it because delectable sandwiches, soups, and salads await you!This is the perfect place for a lunch that will easily fit into the hour that most companies give for a noon break. It is quick, filling, and just a great place to relax. The simple decor and color usage almost gives NM the ambiance of a day spa. I got the grilled cheese with broccoli cheddar soup and a side salad. It is out-of-control yummy. The sourdough bread that the sandwich comes with has the most perfect flavoring! The tomatoes pair well with the melty cheeses too.The desserts are beautiful looking, but I have not had the chance to sample anything yet. I can't wait to try the cupcakes though!Forget the adventures in a smelly old wardrobe and get lost in the men's department. Perhaps you'll find your way into this fabulous little cafe.
4	Popovers, salads, and sandwiches... yes, please!Not sure why it took me all these years to make my way to NM Cafe, but better late than never...It was somewhat of a special occasion as this may have been my "last lunch" with Lindsey F before the baby arrives, so I wanted to try somewhere new.  While it was a bit of a splurge, I was super pleased with the experience.  (I guess you have to expect that going in, just as you have to expect when shopping at Neiman Marcus!)  Stephanie was our waitress and she was awesome.  She refilled my Arnold Palmer and water several times without me even asking... I was in love at first bite with those popovers and berry butter... I even contemplated asking for a second one, since my first one was so delicious, but my chopped salad was very filling, so I didn't want to overdo it.  Lindsey seemed to enjoy her veggie wrap sandwich (which she added turkey to) and sweet potato fries.I'm not watching my diet right now since I'm eating for two, but I do like the fact that they put the # of calories on the menu for each item.  There are plenty of healthy options and everything that I saw being served looked fresh and delicious.I will definitely be back to NM Cafe again real soon... it may even become a regular in my rotation of favorite lunch places near work and home.
5	I'm shocked I haven't yet reviewed a cafe that I've been frequenting since before the sushi invasion and even Nordstrom came to town! Yes, I am talking about the one and only Neiman Marcus Cafe. My Mom introduced the cafe to me in my younger years and I remember sitting with her and her friends and acting like a lady who lunches with the big girls. Whether it's the cafe in Scottsdale or the one overlooking Union Square in SF, the Neiman Cafes all around have one thing in common: delicious food and mouthwatering popovers! This afternoon, Gabi M and I must have been on the wave length, because we both thought to try one of the high end retailer's cafes for lunch. Since Gabi had never been here, we decided that today was the day to visit the NM Cafe. I'm so glad we did because I have a sneaking suspicion that moving forward, I won't just be visiting this cafe with Mom but now with Gabi M as well! So where shall I begin? This is a spot for ladies who lunch. If you're lucky enough to do some retail therapy in Neiman Marcus, this is a great cafe to rest your weary shopping feet. Or, if you just like to window shop and dream, the cafe is a great option to do so and still experience the fine Neiman Marcus service. Now I will share a little secret with you, Neiman Marcus is also owned by Bergdorf's in NYC (or vice versa), so the service and quality is pretty much the same. Fresh popovers accompanied with berry butter are placed at the tables moments after you sit down. Whether I'm enjoying the tortilla soup, a salad or sandwich, the food at the NM Cafe is always spot on. This afternoon I had the veggie wrap and added turkey. I was pleasantly surprised when a side of delicious sweet potato fries showed up with it as well! And for the calorie conscious, here's a great side note: NM Cafe lists the calories next to each item on the menu. It makes me think about what I'm eating that much more. I personally enjoy dining on the patio of the cafe since the seating inside is a bit more cramped, but since it's unbearable to be anywhere near the outdoors right now, we sat inside and it was quite lovely as well! But if you visit during nice weather months, definitely choose the patio. I'm a little selfish when it comes to this secret gem known as the NM Cafe, but since I love Yelp so much, I decided to share my love of the NM Cafe with my fellow yelpers. Visit and you won't be disappointed!
2	$12 for turkey burger sliders would be worth it if they were good.it was just ground turkey thrown on the grill. no seasoning. totally bland. my friend said her $17 salad was miserable. the shrimp was over-cooked and all she could taste was grill burn marks.our waitress was MIA and . we won't be back.
4	Fancy ladies with a few gays sprinkled in. This is NM Cafe!Popovers. Prawn and avocado salad. Glass of Sauvignon Blanc.Make your reservation under Candy Spelling's name. You will get the BEST table. Works every time.
4	Fred's at Barneys is closed "for the summer", but I'm glad I remembered the cafe at Neiman's.  It is really hard to find - I had to ask directions from the cosmetics salesperson.  Turns out it's on the main level, go through the men's dept, all the way to the back to the far left corner.  If NM Cafe has slow sales, it's only because half their potential customers gave up before they found it.  Even though it was still about 100 degrees out, we chose to sit on the mostly enclosed patio and were comfortably cool.  Gave our drink orders and, what is this?  An angelic figure floating by our table offering softball sized popovers?  Ok, maybe not an angel, but at the very least I'm sure she's related to the tooth fairy or some other pleasant mythical lady with wings.  Popovers were huge and served with strawberry butter.    Yum.So we had the turkey panini that came with side salad and balsamic dressing (pretty good but hard to eat and the dressing lacked flavor) and grilled cheese with soup (omg good).  I was hoping my buddy the popover fairy would return, but alas our encounter was to be but once this time.This is such a relaxing place to have lunch; especially when you compare it to the other options at Fashion Square.  The servers were all very pleasant, and every so often models wearing the NM clothing would weave through the tables, stopping at each to describe.  It was fun pretending with them that I could ever in a million years afford to buy anything they wore - or would want to!  It was still fun to look.  NM Cafe is about the same price point or less for lunch as the other sit down restaurants at the mall, so it's a great option to keep in mind when you need a break from Fashion Square.
5	Who knew there was a Neiman Marcus' cafe?? It's a bit hidden (near the Men's department) but the menu options are great!The popover was fantastic and they bring it out with a strawberry butter. DIVINE. Ordered a fancy grilled cheese sandwich that came with a side salad. The portion was perfect for lunch. Seats are a bit limited indoors but they have a nice patio outside. Service was perfect.
4	This might be one of those little known about, or rarely thought of places to eat in the mall, but its actually quite good!  I had a southwest salad with chicken and a cilantro lime vinaigrette.  Everything was very fresh and tasty. They have a number of sandwiches, couple soups, and hot pasta dishes to choose from as entrees.  It is cafe-style, so you grab a tray and make your decisions as you go through the line. The bf got a creme brulee that looked really good and was loaded with vanilla bean. Servers refill your drinks and bring out any hot food you might be waiting on.  I will definitely keep this place in mind next time I want a salad in the mall!
2	We were very disappointed in our lunch.  It's a very tiny place and not comfortable.  They try to act like a high-end restaurant but look like a tiny fast food place.  My chicken salad sandwich was just okay with the bread sagging and not able to hold up the ingredients.   My husband's portabello mushroom sandwich was terrible.  The mushroom was oil soaked and not edible.  They are way over-priced for what they serve.  The popover you get is good and if you like that kind of butter the strawberry butter is flavorful.  We won't be back and won't recommend it.
