5	Best printing service there is! Great customer service and fast turn around time! Would definitely recommend them to anyone who wants high quality printing without emptying your bank account!
4	Just happened upon this place and couldn't have been happier. Have the cheapest color copies around without skimping on the quality.The customer service was great and the turn around even better. I asked for a banner very short notice and they were able to pull it off. The owner was great and made my visit fun and personable! Would highly recommend.
5	I have been doing business with JC Printng for over 15 years now, wouldn't change them for any other shop. Great quality at low prices to fit your budget. When I need professional printing services...JC Printing is the place.
5	I have been sending all of our business printing projects to JC Printing for more than ten years. They provide great prices, excellent service, fast turnaround time and the quality of the finished pieces is perfect. When I need suggestions for maximizing the value of my projects, they are happy to help me get it just right.
5	I am happy to have found them.   They offer so many services to market my business.  I have always been pleased with the quality.  I rarely give them ample time to get my products shipped to my franchises, but they constantly come through for me.
5	Very knowledgeable, great quality and excellent customer service. I always appreciate their advice and input. These guys know what they're doing. I'll be back.
5	I found this print shop on Yelp and they definitely deserve all the positive feedback! They were able to recreate our invoices and printed them in a timely manner. They are very professional- we will definitely use JC Printing again !
5	We opened a dog training and day care business few weeks ago and Tom and JC Printing were absolutely amazing. They gave us great information on how to promote our company and our center, where to put all the signs and their design was super fun and affordable. We continue working with them on our other projects and recommend them to all of our clients.
