4	Came here with my buddy after a long long day at the track. After a day with nothing but crappy sandwiches, red bulls, and adrenalin this place just hits the spot.I had the Shack Sampler which is 10.99 and WOW is it well worth it.Sampler comes with:1/4 Rack or ribs - Very tender, sauce could have been a little sweeter but that could be just the way i like my sauces2 jumbo tenders - fried chicken tenders, i ordered them mild and they didnt have much heat to them. one was very dry but the other was perfect. both were pretty big and meaty1/4 pound of pulled pork - wow just WOW. most places the 'pulled' pork is nothing more then a block of meat that's been separated a bit to give the look that it's been pulled, not here it's actual mound of pulled pork the only clump you'll see are so small they're not worth mentioning and it's all tender as well. Just personal preference but i would have enjoyed it more of the sauce was a bit sweeter or smokier SidesSampler came with two sides Brunswick Stew - tomato based stew with some veggies, also contains a generous amount of pulled pork (every spoon or fork full contains more pork then veggies) and bbq sauce. this was the best side i've ever had with a meal. i wish i ordered a large so i could have poured it over everythingFries - They're fries!! salted the way i like 'emI wish there were more places like this in the south west...
4	They have a great selection of BBQ fav's.  I get the combo meal and split it with the wife.  The pulled pork is actually pretty good.  They also have a couple of hotties working here which is a plus.
2	I visited their booth at BITE of Las VEgas and got BBQ Pork Sandwich w/sides $5. The pork was crusted and smoked well but a little cold. The BBQ sauce didnt have a lot of anything to it. Not tangy or sweet or hot just kind plain and watery. Not a bad price but I've had better.
4	3rd stop takes me to Shane's all the way near the base of Lone Mountain.This place offered a very cheap menu of bbq pork options and sides. NO BEEF.I ordered another BBQ Pulled pork sandwich since my son ate nealry all the 1st one of the day.I also ordered a side of mac n cheese and brunswick stew.I also ordered a 10 pc HOT wings w/celery & bleu cheese.The food was served quickly and the server was very friendly & helpful.The food was great 3/3 for the day.The pork sandwich was great but the bbq sauce wasnt nearly spicy enough, the brunswick stew was good enough to keep me coming back til the end of time.The mac n cheese was just ok.I will have to try the Ribs next time I'm hear I was hoping they were carrying the Pork Tenderloin the midwest & southern locations currently have on special. No such luck.
4	Shane's surprised me! I went here with a coupon that I received to try it out and was surprised to find barbecue like I was used to from North Carolina! We had the ribs and pulled pork sandwiches. My kids loved the sandwiches. The ribs were very moist and tender, with just the right amount of seasoning. The sauce didn't overwhelm them, yet enhanced the flavor even more. The cold slaw was delicious. I have to say that I'm a bit particular about BBQ since we take pride in the Carolina BBQ back home, but the pulled pork was right on point! It has a vinegar base like we southern folk gravitate to. The service was excellent, we were catered to graciously (which came in handy with the kids.) I would totally recommend this place to anyone!
5	2ND Annual Rib Giveaway. 1st 100 customer got a t-shirt, 1/2 rack of ribs and a coke.When I arrived at 9:45 for the 10 o'clock openiong I expected to be 70-80 people back but I made it at #23/#24!!Las Vegas is so spoiled people just don't get out to these things.We are not a city where people camp out overnite or even plan ahead for anything.By the seat of the pants thats how we roll.So they brought out numbered shirts and cups for free drinks then let 10 people in at a tim eto get their ribs & order sides if they wanted.I went in the 3rd group which I only had to wait 5-10 minutes and I was sitting in the A/C chowing down.Despite the turnout being kinda lazy it was fun & I will be out next year to take advantage of their hospitality. Thanks Daren!-owner(hope I didn't mispell it)
5	Great BBQ, Love taking the family to this place. Ribs fall of the bone and are So good. Glad its close to home.
5	FREE sandwich for your birthday for joining the E-Club!!I got the "BIG DAD" pork sandwich-pork on texas toast!! Fantastic!! I really like their HOT bbq sauce just the right amount of heaT!I'm addicted to the Brunswick Stew & of course I had to get some! Sooooo Good!!It doesnt get any better than FREE and even though this place is in BFE and probably cost $10 in gas it was definitely worth it!!
4	I love their pulled pork sandwiches.  My boyfriend was impressed with their ribs, which he is rarely impressed with any restaurant's ribs.  Also, they have good sweet tea.  Prices are reasonable.
4	Such good BBQ for such a casual little place.  Friendly staff.  Good for kids.  Nothing in the immediate area comes close.Another nice thing about Shane's is your companions can get other types of food next door.  Several places right here to choose from if they don't want BBQ.
1	Went back there a month ago, and it's CLOSED !!I hope someone buys the franchise and reopens this place.
