2	I've had some really good meals here in Montreal, but not at Madison's.  It was a long day in the office, so really wasn't in the mood for a steak and I love red meat.  Tired, away from home I guess I just wanted something comforting and not too heavy since it was already after 8 pm.  I ordered a NYC baked potato - sour cream, garlic, bacon and avocado (still can't figure out what those toppings have to do with New York City) and a side salad with a ginger lime dressing.  My co worker had a club sandwich and some spinach dip with chips.  The food arrived in short order - not even 1/2 the tables were seated so it should have come out of the kitchen fast.The potato had been in hot hold for a bit too long as the inside had begun to turn color a little.  The taste was ok, and the toppings were sparingly adorned on top of the slightly split open potato.  The salad was dressed, dressing was nice, but it was just romaine, a few scattered julienned carrots and a couple pieces of purple cabbage.  Nothing special, just meh.Here is the shining star of this restaurant...our waiter!  He was attentive, oh so happy to have us in his section, not offended that we were not ordering the 16 oz T-bone and said "let me just read the specials off to you in case you change your mind."  Hello....he was nothing short of stellar!There are several Madison's around Montreal...so I don't know if this particular location was having an off night, or the quality of the food just sucks overall.
2	So, my client in Montreal decided to take a New Yorker to a place called "Madison's NY Bar & Grill". I knew from the beginning that this wasn't going to be a 5 Yelp experience, and it wasn't. I'll keep this one brief:Restaurant:+ & - It's a chain, I loathe chain restaurants but it was large, clean and the staff was friendly.Service:+ We had a really quirky waiter whom at first, confused us if he was a man or a woman. His wack-a-doodle hairstyle, his feminine ways of speaking and conducting business had us quite confused...however upon further visual inspection of his chest area, led us to believe he was a male. With that said, he was still a fairly efficient waiter handling our party of 10Food:- I stuck with a grilled chicken salad as everything else on the menu seemed unappealing to this New Yorker. It's not any different than any other chain restaurant and the calorie counts on the dishes they're serving are quite highOverall, this seems to be a very popular spot for the local professionals and gets quite busy during the lunch hour but I don't think it's worth a re-visit upon my next trip to the beautiful city of Montreal.THIS has been a review by Gaurav
2	I have been at three Madisons and this one is definitely a couple of levels below the other two.  Although it has nice decor and a huge terrace, the food leaves a lot to be desired.  My friend always orders the chicken strips and found the one here to be soggy and tasteless.  I have had the aihi tuna at all three locations and this one was definitely sub par.   To top it off,  the two times I went, we got space cadets for waitresses.   Pleasant, but not exactly knowing what they should be doing.
4	I like to say I know good BBQ.  Is this place the best? no.  But dollar for value and taste.  Awesome.  I was surprised Canadia had a decent BBQ spot.I had Grilled Shrimp, baby back ribs, and the clam chowder.Mind you, their sunday special you get a rack of baby backs, fries AND coleslaw for $11!!The ribs are definitely steamed cooked for that fine "fall off the bone experience."  Which does change the texture of the meat you bite into, and gives it a weird water smell.  But, overall it had a good char and a really good sauce. I prefer a that slow cooked authentic BBQ style, but whatever. It was so easy to eat with a knife and fork.The coleslaw was pretty good; it's finely chopped into little bits.  And it lacks that overwhelming mayo taste most cheapy coleslaw tends to taste like.The grilled shrimp was pretty amazing.  It's served with lemon and butter.  I personally went without the butter because the shrimp itself had enough flavor.  It's a well seasoned prawn, with a light char.  Enough to keep the shrimp juicy.  When you bite into it, it has that pop.  Pretty good. I was pleased.The clam chowder was a treat as well.  Small tid bits of potato, veggies and clam.  All in a creamy, not too thick broth.  It was so good.  No fishy after taste, and the clams weren't rubbery either.  I really liked it. I compared it to chowder i've had in both boston and san francisco.My overall experience was pleasant:  from the moment you walk in the friendly faces greet you and sit you. Service was quick, courteous and our server communicated in English pretty well. Thumbs up.
4	Went for the recent special offer, two dine for $22. Reminds me of several American chains, the ribs were nice and the small portion was sufficient for us to bring home a doggie bag. We had an emergency during dinner that required us to finish swiftly and pay. The waiter was prompt and helpful in the matter. Service was efficient. It appears that the price deal did bring in a larger crowd. Great when the deal is on!
4	I went into this restaurant with some doubt since I come from Dallas, Texas where they know how do a steak.  To my surprise, these guys really know how to do a steak!  To top it off, the rest of the meal was just as good.  Giving me an awesome experience!!!  Give these guys a shot...you won't be disappointed!!!  :)
1	If I would pick one sentence to describe this pathetic establishment it would be:"Shitty diner that wishes it was the Keg"And I dislike the Keg.My soup was some unsalted greasy muck scoped out of a barrel, my "Ahi tuna" was probably some low grade piece of Metro bought crap (no sear/looked boiled, fatty tissue everywhere, I had a hard time cutting into it...Scary stuff...), certainly NOT Ahi tuna.My husband's salad was the saddest store-bought vinaigrette covered chopped up iceberg junk I've ever seen in a restaurant that charges the prices this one does, his baked potato came with sour cream...yes that's all, and his steak was an under-salted unappetizing mistake that looked like it should be served in an old-folks home (sorry elderly people but most of you eat rather bland looking things). How do they justify the pricing? By walking around like they're fancypants of course, in their try-hard decor. Sorry, but you'd have to serve actual edible food for me to be impressed.Gross.Next!P.S. I feel sorry for everyone who gets dragged out here on business meetings/meals...REALLY sorry.
3	Been a few times to this location. Never had any issues.i always order the ribs (this place is you're basics for ribs) Friendly waiter/waitress, price is reasonable for what you get. It does the trick when u wanna eat out without breaking the wallet.
4	I had the grilled Atlantic salmon with rice and Cesar salad. Classic meal. The salmon was perfectly cooked with a light almost candy-like outside that locked in the moisture and flavour. It melted in my mouth and exploded with the goodness of salmon flavour. The service was good. I went with a large group that was unexpected...we didn't have a reservation...and the staff stepped up and were professional to accommodate our group.
