5	This is a little place behind the Filibertos, but it's BIG on flavor! All the wings are great, but I think my favorite are the ranch! Really crispy and fall off the bone tender. Don't leave without trying the honey biscuits!! Yum!
4	Today I just went to ATL Wings Your Way in Gilbert, by Filibertos.I must say, I was pleasently surprised to be greated by the owner, Tony Yates, He welcomed us into his restaurant and asked if we had been there before. We said yes to ATL Wings in Chandler but never this store. He then said that this store is the corporate store and not a franchise whereas the ATL Wings in Chandler is a franchise. This store has fewer wing sauce choices for a reason.  This store has the original 9 sauces that the owner invented. ATL Wings in Chandler has non corporate sauces which explains the difference. I ate the 6 wing combo plus fries and a fountain coke. It was $6.49. I ordered the HOT wings and they did have a little heat to them but not over the top but good. It also did include celery and cool ranch sauce. They were very tender and perfectly sauced. I enjoyed every bite. I didn't order any dessert but I assume they are good too judged on the wings. Also, they are now offering Ribs (Half and Full Racks) on Friday & Saturdays ONLY. I plan to go on a Friday or Saturday to try them out, and I can only imagine that they would be just as good if not better than their wings. If you are in the area of Mcqueen and Elliot Rds. in Gilbert drop by and check them out. In my opinion they are worth it.
5	Blown away with the customer service provided by Tony (owner). Just went yesterday for the first time. Was greeted and called by my first name after Tony asked for it. I places my order and went to sit while my order was cooking. I forgot to tell him that the order I placed was to go so I got up and went to the back of the line so that I can tell him I wanted it to go, he looks at me and calls me by first name and asked me if I had a question, Mind blown! Besides that the wings were awesome, had 10 seasoned Wings which I was told it's their signature and they were bomb! When I first found out of the place I told myself, Are they crazy or what? Opening next to a Buffalo Wild Wings? Well after having ATL wings yesterday now know they are not crazy at all i"m fact they're geniuses!
5	I normally don't bother writing reviews but unlike the previous review that gave a poor rating that ate fish, I ordered WINGS!  Afterall it is a wings joint. The wings were awesome to say the least. I like wings with a crunch which is how they serve them. There's a whole variety of flavors, we got: garlic pepper, ranch, Cajun BBQ & traditional Buffalo mild. Between the three of us that ate, we couldn't even pick a favorite cuz they were all so good. Celery sticks were fresh and the service was consistently pleasant & cheerful to every new customer that showed up. Definitely will be coming back.
5	The wings here are incredible.   I'm not sure how they do it, but the wings are so perfectly cooked, so crispy on the outside and succulent on the inside, that it puts other wing places to shame.  Try the "Ranch" wings for a non-spicy but unbelievably flavorable treat.  Other flavors are also really, really good. On weekends, they do ribs, which quite literally pull right off the bone.  Try those cajun style for a little kick.We've gotten take-out from here a few times, and it's always been really good.  The kids love their chicken tenders, and their honey biscuit desserts.  Good stuff.
5	I went again to see Tony and ATL Wings your way, and as usual Tony was there greeting everyone with a smile and a hand shake. I ordered the 6 piece buffalo wings plus fries and coke combo for $6.99. I ordered hot wings and they told me there was an x tra hot option which I took. A few minutes later they came out very hot and spicy. Wings were crispy and plenty if sauce on there. The fries were very crispy as well and you also get celery and ranch sauce as well. As usual the wings were cooked perfectly. I savored every spicy bite and when I left Tony ( the owner)  thanked me for coming into his restaurant and wished me merry Christmas. I KNOW I'll be back. For the price, service and wings this beats his neighbor Buffalo Wild Wings Anyday.
5	Being a person from Chicago, I am familiar with the adage that the best food sometimes comes from those places off the beaten path.  ATL Wings Your Way falls under that umbrella.  My wife and I stopped in yesterday based on the recommendation from a friend of ours and we were far from disappointed.  The first thing I tried was the Broccoli Bites.  These fried nuggets of cheese and broccoli were quite tasty and had us wondering if we were given enough for the $2.99.The next thing we tried was the catfish platter.  The catfish was tender and succulent.  The breading was perfectly seasoned and reminded me of a few places back home (e.g. Sharks).  This is not a place that is going to fake a cornmeal breading on the catfish like many of the places I have had down here.  However, this is not a place like Sharks or J&J that cuts the fish up into steaks and tails but they do give you a decent portion. The third thing was the wings.  Like the catfish, they did not disappoint.  We had the Sweet & Tangy, Spicy, and two different garlic wings.  Many places who make garlic wings tend to sometimes make the garlic overpowering.  This place did not.  The quality of the meat was first rate on all flavors.The only gripe I had was with the soda dispenser.  Both times that I got Fanta Orange and Strawberry, I tasted more carbonated water than syrup.  I did notify Patricia about that and they promised to take care of it.  All in All, I enjoyed my first visit to ATL Wings Your Way and will return.
4	Can't believe I never wrote a review for this place!As you can tell this joint is all about chicken wings. Freshly made, coming in several different flavors. We tried the Hot, Ranch, Teriyaki & Honey BBQ...All equally delicious! The owners are great people who create a welcoming feeling to the place.Considering the great wings I've tried over the years this by far tops them all.
