5	Try the loaded burgers.  Or anything with BACON
5	Chicago Dog.  Just go do it.  You'll be glad you did.Quick, friendly service.
5	Best Sonic EVER!
4	1/2 price drinks during happy hour from 2-5pm and half price shakes after 8pm? I'm in!Had the banana cream pie shake and Jason had the strawberry cheesecake shake. It was the best decision we made that day.Take your beloved for a late night treat here!
1	It's 108 degrees outside and I'm having an argument with the lady trying to take my order. She cant hear me through the drive thru speaker system and I can hardly understand her.***Management Please Upgrade this poor system you have*** I finally pulled ahead and reviewed my order with this lady. After sitting about 10 minutes I got the order and no drinks. WTH!! Oh well. It was my 1st time here and probably my last as I wasn't even ordering for myself. ( I wouldn't eat here)
5	The 1/2 price shake after 8 PM is good I really join that a little busy after 9 PM but is awesome.
5	My shit. Usual is a foot long coney with extra onions. Large popcorn chicken with bbq sauce and honey mustard. Rt 44 strawberry anf pineapple slush, extra fruit. YUUUUUM
2	So, after a movie we decided to come and get a late night slush. We got there and they weren't letting customers order from the stall, so we moved to the drive thru. We were told the ice cream machine was freezing and it'll be 5-10 mins. We decided we could be patient enough, well 45 mins later (from the time I got in the drive thru line and when I drove away) we finally got our order. A week later, we decided maybe it was a one time type of incident. Well NOPE! This time it seems everyone was on break and no one to help. It took about 25 mins to order and receive our slushes. This will probably not be a place to take my kids to again.
1	We love the shakes at Sonic,  and this location is closest to our house.  Every time we go there for shakes however,  they are disgusting.  We have had to take then back almost every time,  or we just throw them away.  When we visit the Decatur location,  the shakes are always awesome.  We finally have given up on this location after dozens of chances.  They also take forever!  25 minutes is a short wait at this location.  If I could give zero stars I would.  Disgusting!!
