5	The Dean & Deluca Wine Room is a nice place to get together or wind down with friends.  You can pair it with a night out at the movies or keep it as your only "night out" activity.   It's also a great "casual" date place, either for first or second dates or hanging with your beau for a semi-romantic night out.  It's not a super-dressy place, but it is nice to go wearing something better than a T-shirt and shorts.  The environment (and wine!) calls for it.  The atmosphere is very chilled and the interior has the feel of being in a winery basement.  I prefer to sit at one of the hightops near the front door or outside, if weather (and space availability!) permits.  They have a good variety of wine to choose from and, if you have the munchies or want something light and refreshing to accompany your fine wine, they have tapas and sushi which you can order to share or eat for yourself.   The sushi is good, although not better than something you'd find at one of a few sushi places around Charlotte.  It is worth trying, though.
5	I LOVE this place. 1) Awesome location at Phillips Place2) Great for a SMALL group of girlfriends or on a date-- tables at D&D are always packed and it's not really a kind of place where standing around is cool/comfortable so get there early and stake out your spot!3) I used to have really good sushi here but as I mentioned in my Nikko review, I think the sushi chef moved to Roosters. We used to sit at the bar hang out with the sushi makers and bartenders (winetenders?) and get special sushi made for us-- one time a flamer was involved! AWESOME.4) People are so friendly! You will definitely make friends if you sit at the bar5) Kind of a nice-dress place. Not fancy, but as Eric K. said, a little bit dressed up will be better than tshirt and jeans. Guys- khakis usually, girls- nice summer dresses or jeans, heels, and pretty tops.6) Oh yes the wine-- it's good. You just keep drinking and drinking happily. Wine flights are okay...I prefer just picking one thing to drink, and then maybe trying something else afterwards. Flights are always popular though. It's cool that you can just buy a whole bottle there at retail price and they'll serve it to you, no corkage fee. Definitely go. I bet the outside tables are nice when it's a pretty evening, but I usually like to sit inside. I wish they had D&D Wine Bar in other locations!!
4	Diane told me that Dean & Deluca had great sushi.  She was right on.  We had an inexpensive bottle of Italian white wine and a small sushi roll.  Great service and beautiful weather.  What more could you ask for on a Sunday afternoon?
4	The perfect companion to the perfect culinary shop...  this place is kitty corner to the D&D Shop and serves appetizers, sushi, cheeses, fruit, hummas, etc along with an amazing wine collection, choose bottles right from the shelf to have popped or order flights off the menu..  a great place to hang out in the summer, there aren't a lot of tables outside, but if you snag one, you can kinda hang out all evening and people watch, chat, etc while you sip..  great place to go before or after a movie at the cinema located in the same plaza...
4	WInes by the glass change all the time.  A place where knowing about wine is helpful, but the choices are so well selected you won't make a mistake if you don't know anything.  The small plates are Really good.  Patio is great for people watching.  The wine flights are perfect for trying out new things! Love going here with girlfriends after a good movie right down the street(walking distance) at Phillips place theater.
4	Great place to meet a divorcee and tell her about your job doing "inside sales" whatever in the hell that is supposed to mean . . . you are a failure.
4	Nestled in Phillips Place, Dean & Deluca Wine Room is the perfect little spot to grab a quick bite before a movie or linger on the patio and enjoy a bottle of vino. You'll see all sorts of customers here - from a gaggle of early twenty-somethings to a few seasoned winos enjoying a tasty glass of Pinot Noir.  Their menu is pretty straightforward and is filled with little bites, salads, small sandwiches and a smattering of sushi. I'm a bit of a sushi snob and I can happily say they make some great, classic rolls here! The fish has always been fresh and the rolls are pretty large. Price wise, both the wine and the eats are priced fairly and I feel like they offer quite a bit of food for the cost. I'm a big fan of the Tuscan Bean app - you get a boatload of toasted, buttered crostini with a large ramakin filled with white beans, garlic, tomatoes, olive oil, black pepper, etc. Yum. I've also tasted their cheese plates and they are typically quite generous with their three cheese choices and always provide side items like walnuts, raisins, figs, etc. Last but not least, I'm a big fan of their wine flights. They are reasonably priced and offer patrons a great trio of vino fun. I've tried a few red flights and their bubbly flight. All were generous pours, and it seems for $10-$14 you get 1.5-2 glasses of wine. That's a deal in my book!
4	Sushi can be hit or miss here depending on the chef, the hummus, tomato/basil/mozzarella napoleon and the tuna crisp are all excellent.  Nice wine flights and outside seating.  Also the people watching here is excellent, you see some real characters and peacocks.  Sushi is generally better than Upstream next door.
4	I can only echo the other comments.  This is a great place to meet with groups on a week day night.  During the week it seems there is plenty of room and table selections.  I have ordered a Malbec on both visits.  As one would expect from D&D the wine selections are beyond the typical  & there is a good variety.  The service is good and timely.  Since I live in Uptown, I can't say I'd purposely drive out to this location if I wasn't meeting a group but if you are in the area, definitely stop in!
5	I love this place. The wine is always fresh and there is a ton of selection available. They also offer half glass pours of all glasses available on the menu. So if you are trying to decide to have another glass this is the perfect option. They also serve a variety of flights of whites, reds and sweet after dinner wines. The food is a great variety they have salads, dips, smoked salmon pitas and surprise sushi and if its not on the menu they are happy to make it for you. Periodically they have live music and outside seating when the weather is nice outside. This place is a must to visit if you love a variety of wines an energetic feel and good food.
4	Looking for a nice stop pre or post dinner or a movie?! Consider Dean & Deluca Wine Room. There's not more I can contribute that others have not already noted...Like others have stated, they offer a variety of wines and edibles. Perfect for snacking and sipping over conversation! Great use of space offering a "just what I need" time to relax and enjoy your company. It's classy, casual, dressy...you name it!
4	The wine room is a great place to have a glass of wine before or after a movie or shopping. The outside patio is pleasant and the service is great.
5	Absolutely great! Located at the beautiful Phillips Place.Anytime I have guests in town I be sure to put this on the list of things to do! It makes me think of Chicago a bit when I go...great for small groups of people or a date...I have even went alone a couple times.If you know how to pair your wine with sushi you're gonna have a good time here.The wine selection is great...plenty of bottles to sort threw to take home as well.Very friendly staff...one nice big flat screen...if any sporting events are on during the day and you wanna go somewhere quiet, this would be a good pick, but sushi is only available starting at 5 I believe...however there is a limited lunch menu and the food is great.Outdoor seating is available, but limited.Great night time hang out.
3	When I stopped by D&D for a meeting, I was jealous that I could not get a seat outside--my meeting was at 6pm and ALL the outdoor seating was taken by young, old, good friends and professionals. This was THE spot to be in. As I rounded the corner, it felt so cosmopolitan! I grabbed a table inside and the atmosphere was just as nice, albeit way less crowded than the outside seating but perfect for my meeting. I opted for water but a couple of people ordered wine--two white wines and a prosecco that was "really good". One person said she "knew her wine" and there were no complaints from her so I thought that was a good sign. I would note that they do have small bites but no longer serve sushi. We were disappointed about that but the waitress was very apologetic, speaking of our waitress she was nice...she checked on us just enough and was attentive when we needed her. I will definitely be back...before the summer is over and I WILL get a seat outside and feel very cosmo:)
4	We stopped in last night to have one more glass of wine before heading home.  Since the weather was so nice, we decided to sit outside.  (It was a tough call though since they had some live music going indoors.)   The extensive wine list makes it difficult to choose... and they have a pretty good selection of brews too if you're in the mood for suds instead of vino.   The service was excellent and we had a great time!  This a is great spot to meet up with friends and enjoy the atmosphere.
5	I came here with a friend after dinner for a glass of wine and to relax since we had missed our movie.  I have to say my 5 stars is solely based on the wine!!  It was probably one of the best if not the best Pinot Noir I've had in a long time... the staff of 1 as it was a Tuesday night was a really nice guy and very attentive.  It has been really mild for winter and was relatively warm so we sat outside.  The 'bartender' made sure to take care of us even out there.  Definitely will go again and try more wines as well as maybe some of their tapas.  It's a great place for an after work wine-down :-)
4	Had a networking meeting here and it is a great atmosphere!  Loved it, going back soon I hope.
5	We visited after dinner last weekend and absolutely loved it.  We even fell in love with a new wine (Laurel Glenn (Cab)).  It's less than $40 and rivals that of Silver Oak.  Highly impressed.  We also sampled a Pinot flight which was exactly what I needed after the wine I had already enjoyed!  Love the set up... Love the staff... Love the wine.  Perfect fit for the neighborhood!  Can't wait to go back!  (One hope is that they will get a good Chianti)
5	A colleague and I ventured into the newly renovated and relocated wine room for lunch and were surprised to be the only people in the place when we arrived. They have revamped the menu which now has small plates as well as some larger entrees.  The new interior is more modern but they smartly chose much more comfortable seating- hooray!They obviously have a lot of wine choices, but their flights are the most fun. For $14, you get to taste some great pre-selected wines. Wine for a lunch meeting? Don't mind if I do.  I tried the Around the World which was awesome! But the highlight was that I was absolutely delighted by the excellent food!  My colleague got the delicious chicken, probably the most filling dish on the menu. But I had to try the scallops on french lentils and it was rich, perfectly seasoned and cooked and was absolutely divine.  I don't often rush out to get a $17 lunch, but it was absolutely worth it.  Perhaps the best scallops I've had other than the giant sweet ones from Clean Catch that I prepared at home.  I highly endorse the food.The service was funny and attentive (the place started  getting busier as lunch wore on).  I look forward to going back for date night!
4	Love the current location. Lighting, service, atmosphere, and of course the wine, were all on point. Great spot for a lingering date, after dinner and a movie (which was my case) or for the date itself. Perfect for a night out with the girls. A very convenient and popular Charlotte location. Update from spring, summer and fall: the patio rocks!
4	Nice place to relax and unwind for the evening with their yummy moscato - Stev. Venue - It's clean, classy, and comforting. I wish they turn on their fireplace and have it kept on everyday.. I just love the ambiance of it.Price - pricey! Expect to shell it a little bit, when you want to dine or have a nice sip D&D.Food - delicious.  I loved their creme brulee and calamari app.Service - not the greatest.  I had a bad experience with mine, when it came to ordering food.  My waitress was slow to attend to me, and did not get back to me about a certain salami I had inquired about. I was disappointed.  So never again will I order anything other than the desserts.  Also, I will stick by the bar, where the bartenders are nice and will get me the wine I need, since it is literraly right behind them.
4	Great selection of wine and the food is quite good.Note that the wine bar used to be located in its own shop, across the street from the Dean & Deluca store. It has now been moved into a new addition to the store.
3	This is a review of the Wine Room at Phillips Place. Sadly, Corporate Suits have recently decided that if you enjoy a bottle on premise that costs less than $30.00, you will be charged an additional $15.00 (corkage) regardless of the number of bottles ordered or your total bill for the evening. I was told that Corporate wants to increase the "per bottle" revenue. After enjoying the friendly ambience of the Wine Bar at its old location, the "New" wine room is one disappointing decision after another. It is no longer a Wine Bar, but a Restaurant that happens to serve wine.
1	Used to be a regular wino at the former Phillips Place locale. Have given this new spot several chances and it has disappointed each time. Service is spotty and knowledge of wine / training of servers has dropped significantly. The flourescent lighting is horrid indoors and the outdoor patio is scattered with groccery patrons. Sad to say I've given up even though this is the closest wine bar to my neighborhood.
1	Soneone needs to seriously pull management aside and rethink their new directive to the wait staff.  Arrived here early Sat afternoon for a nice glass of Prosecco - looked on the menu and noticed they served it by the glass or bottle.  Since there were three of us, bottle made more sense.  Bottle was $16 - waitress then informed us there was a new pricing directive from the managers  - they were required to charge a corkage fee on top of the bottle - WHAT???? I could understand a corkage fee on a bottle we picked from their retail area but something listed on the menu - and to make matters worse  - CORKAGE FEE WAS $15.00!!! Outrageous and we should have moved on.  But, we wanted to try the Tuscan beans so stayed.  Needless to say I will never set foot in this place again.  THIS IS PRICE GOUGING AT THE HIGHEST LEVEL!  I repeat this was a bottle listed on the menu not from the retail.  Management must think very highly of their service and product to think that patrons will pay this exorbitant amount to open a damn bottle of wine!
3	D&D Wine Room has a great selection of wines to choose from, and a pretty decent bar menu. We didn't try any of the larger plates, but a girlfriend and I met before a movie to have a few glasses and share some apps. The lobster sliders and mediterranean sampler (pita paired with hummus, baba ganoush and tabbouleh) were more than enough betwixt us. Actually, the mediterrean platter alone would have been perfectly substantial! We still had a lot left even after we'd both had our fill. Pricing is as little high, but the quality *is* there to account for it. The pita wasn't the best, nor were the rolls on the sliders my favorite, but the dips and lobster filling (and BACON) scored extremely high on the tasty-meter.Just don't expect to be able to leave quickly or be on time somewhere after! After making sure we were set with food and drink, our waiter/s (we seemed to have more than one assisting us) disappeared, and took a good while before we could flag one down to get our check and go - we had a movie to get to! The location is a win though, being a very short walk to the theater, so luckily we arrived just as the credits were starting.I would visit the Wine Room again if I wanted to relax with a glass or two of wine, but next time, I think I'd give myself more leeway if I had to be somewhere after.
5	Friday night a friend of mine and I ventured to Dean & Deluca Wine Room in South Park as this was on both our CLT Bucket Lists for a while.  I am so glad we did!  D&D Wine Room exceeded our expectations by the quality food prepared, the service and the atmosphere.D&D Wine Room is a bit on the pricier side, but the meals are certainly big enough to split and it is a great place for a girl's night out or a relaxing date night.  We choose to sit outside on their new patio where we were promptly greeted by our waitress and properly attended to for the rest of the night. We decided to split a bottle of wine and the Cheese & Charcuterie plate.  The bottles are about the same as anywhere you would order a bottle, but here, you are actually getting a GOOD bottle of wine for 30 bucks.  The French plate was delicious. The cheeses, figs a preserves blended perfectly together and tasted incredibly fresh.  Next, my friend and I split the Lobster 'BLT' Sliders and an order of the truffle fries.  Both were wonderful AND the waitress didn't seem put off by us splitting dinner (which often times they can be).  Our meal came out in perfect time and they were both better than we expected.   Let's first discuss the Lobster 'BLT' Sliders.  These things are like 'butta' to sink your teeth into.  Quality bacon and CHUNKS of lobster sandwiched in between brioche rolls with chips on the side.  This plate is $13 and it's massive.  D&D gives you THREE mini lobster sliders (which would easily equal about 1 1/2 to 2 sandwiches).  Next, the truffle fries: cooked in truffle oil and then tossed in parsley butter.  They were crispy and flavorful. We were stuffed by this point, but as this was a celebration, we decided to splurge on dessert.  We ordered two Mini Cakes: the Vanilla Strawberry and the Chocolate Mint.  These things are not really mini, they are easily big enough to split.  Both were delicious.  The Chocolate Mint is rich in both mint and chocolate.  The Strawberry Vanilla tasted light and perfect for a summertime treat.In the end, is it pricey? Yes, but it doesn't have to be.  Split a panini & order of truffle fries and it's only 20 bucks.  Am I going to get good service? Yes. Am I going to get good food? Yes. My suggestions to order: The Lobster 'BLT' Sliders and the Vanilla Strawberry Mini Cake - both of these are memorable.  In fact, I'm craving them now . . . at 10am!
2	My husband and I come to the Wine Room often because we live nearby. We stopped by to see our favorite waitress, Katie, tonight and were very sad to hear she was no longer working there. We've noticed such a turnover with employees lately.. every time we come in, it's hard to find a familiar face. We asked our new waitress about the wine menu, and she was completely clueless. It turns out, she's not even old enough to drink! The young man behind the bar didn't look of age, either. Our food came late, and it seems that our server was very distracted and overwhelmed because she was training someone new. Not to mention that there has been severe price-jacking lately! We used to get a bottle of wine from the market for $15.. now we see that the bottle it marked for $33!!!! I can't believe it. I feel that this place has so much potential, but management clearly has some issues. I didn't really see a manager on duty while we were there.. just a bunch of young kids trying to do their best.
2	It PAINS me to write this review! I worked at this location part-time throughout high school and summer breaks from college for 4 years!! I mean, I am basically D&D's biggest fan, and I will go back for sure, but most likely not to the wine bar.I LOVED the wine bar when it was across the street.  The service was excellent, personable, and consistent. I also noticed that the same staff had been there for a long time which is always a great sign. I went last night with a group of girls for my friend's birthday.  Our waitress was extremely scatterbrained and pretty much all over the place.  She kept mixing up our orders, didn't bring us water, utensils, she forgot our friend's ketchup for her COLD fries, and I never got the crab stuffed mushrooms that I ordered.  That said, the crab cake salad and heart of palm salad were delicious.  The food was good, but the service was bad enough for me to not want to return. D&D, you could have a really good thing, but something needs to change.
1	I honestly can't believe that anyone would give this place a 4 or (gasp!) 5 star rating! I work in NYC where wine bars are a dime a dozen and I have the luxury of checking many of them out so my expectations are admittedly high. However, there is no excuse for such poor service. This is not my first trip here...it's my 3rd and service is consistently POOR. Arrived mid day on a Sunday to meet 2 friends. Bar was empty sans a handful of people. Bartender was inattentive to start and had to flag her down each and every time. Almost appeared to be an inconvenience for her to wait on us. We ordered several small bites to share including the French cheese plate. When she dropped the plates off without a word we called her back and asked her to explain what cheeses were which. She clearly did not know and then proceeded to identify the cheeses (using the menu!) for the European cheese plate. Ummm....wrong cheese plate! She never checked back to see how our food was and after we asked twice for the check she literally "dropped" it on the bar in front if us. Now regarding the food...cheese plate small and disappointing...bread wasn't worth the chew. White bean dip was great and so was the gazpacho.I'll be back to D&D but not to the wine room!
1	Wow.  Worst service ever.  Such a beautiful place.   Sat outside for 20 min with no service.  Moved inside and had to go to bar to get wine. Waitress showed up 10 min later.  Will not come back until they change entire staff, other than bartender.  And no it wasn't busy
2	What a horrible experience. This was my second visit; first was great - good food & service. Tonight, we sat down in a freezing cold room, no server came for 15+ minutes, and we eventually had to ask the hostess for drinks. Servers all looked like they hated working there and kept disappearing into the market for very long periods of time while diners had to ask for checks or drink refills. We won't be back.
2	Love the restaurant an ambiance but the waiter we had was horrible an did not make are 1st time there a pleasant memory. We're there for a birthday an we told the waiter we like sweeter wines like moscato an Riesling wines an he said okay repeated it back an walked off.  Didn't discuss or make suggestions offer a sample because we were planning on a bottle each. So he just brought us his selection an didn't tell us price until I asked. Didn tell us what the bottles were or about them. Just opened them up an poured.  He brought us a champagne an a semi dry Riesling. Neither of what we wanted when I said sweet. So that just killed are mood. We were not going to buy anything else. We'll after he delivered he disappeared when we said were not buying more. Took 30 min after we finished to get the check.
3	I have eaten at the bar 4 times, and love that they have a great wine selection. Their draft beer selection is weak. The food was okay, but the bar tenders can come off as rude. I LOVE Dean & Deluca's deli/salad bar employees, but the Wine Room employees could work on their customer service skills.
3	At first glance the place is trendy... and at the end of your experience you'll think the place is trendy... so basically its trendy all around. Your call if that's a plus of a minus for 'ya. It's a nice place to enjoy a couple of drinks with friends, go on a date, or just a Friday night dinner. They have an excellent choice of wine by the glasses, beers and great appetizers. I particularly liked the goat cheese dates wrapped in bacon. Their menu has many good choices and everything I've had there has been very well prepared. I think the only beef I have with the menu is that they serve small portions (I'm again noting the original 'trendy' comment)... then again, I'm also a big eater :-/ The service was a little slow, but we were the only people out in the patio when we started, so I'm giving them a neutral rating on that one. Overall my experience was good. I'd go back again and give it a second chance to earn at least another star.
5	Went with the wife for a quiet night outGreat place, they had live music at the right volume (you could speak) and tried the wine trios (red and white). Both pretty good. We shared some of the appetizers and loved the salads! Staff was helpful and food came quick too.Def will be back.
4	First time here, believe it or not! Nice wine flights as Nicole W has stated....decent Tapas style plates of food too. Got the Beef Sliders and the Arancinis. Both very good. Only warning....be careful, the bills adds up VERY quick because it's easy to order a bunch of apps and drinks which by themselves are not that expensive, but then, Voila! Your bill hits $100 quickly! Not complaining just be forwarned.....I love the Dean & Deluca store. Expensive? You BETCHA! Great quality hard to find items like Cheeses, spices, etc.? Affirmative to that as well. BEST PREMIUM cheese selection in Charlotte. If there is better PLEASE TELL ME!
