3	I am required to stop here everytime I am at the Airport, it just goes hand in hand for reason. However the airport one is not as good as the ones in the mall and they are more expensive. But the rolls are still a fave and the frosting great!
2	We stopped by here for our breakfast, luckily we had Starbucks at hand. My coffee really got me through that thing. I'm pretty sure my Cinnabon wasn't finished baking, but they still served it. Honestly, I probably should have picked up breakfast while at Starbucks.
3	Not bad.  I was expecting a sweeter Cinnabun actually.  I don't drink coffee and I got a hot chocolate but they only serve you hot water and give you a chocolate packet.  Ha ha - not funny because the quality is poor.Service was pretty quick.
5	Ride home from Vegas, had to have this for breakfast.  It made my flight an easier flight home away from vegas lol
5	This Cinnabon was calling my name miles away. I'm sensitive to gluten and try to stay away but as soon as I got off the tram into the Terminal D, I was done for. The smell of Cinnabons filled the air and my heart was set before I even made it up the escalator. The original is deadly enough. No thanks on the extra caramel, pecans and caramel frosting. That must be the diet version. Way to sweet for me! Funny enough, the original doesn't seem as small as I used to think. They have these awesome little Cinnabon mini's now- 6 in a pack. I don't know... I like the big outside piece of the Cinnabon. That's the best. I'll fight you for it. The inside is just too gooey. And they're coffee isn't the greatest but I didn't want to stand in another line for Starbucks so it'll do.
1	I know this is Airport food, so I shouldn't expect much, but for the price which was $14.66 for 2 cinnamon rolls I was expecting something better. My rolls were ridiculously hard and cold. I think they were from the day before. For sure I will not go back there when I am traveling through Vegas.
3	Stopped here at 6am for a super quick bite on our way to an early morning flight. It was standard Cinnabon and it hit the spot. Prices are a little higher than average but that's what you expect when traveling. If you're hungry for a sugary sweet breakfast and find yourself past security with limited options this location is a good pick !
5	we arrive like 7 am so this place was perfect coffee and a cinabon was delicious I do recommend this place it was clean and good service
3	If you're looking to gain weight really fast, this is the place to go. There must be crack or something in these warm Cinnabons. Yummmm!!!
4	All of these places should be outlawed banned closed!They have an amazing smell that drifts throughout any area they are in - airport - malls - you name it. And that smell forces me to walk closer and closer - fighting the urge and then finding myself submitting to the craving!There isn't much to review, but they do offer a great bun - decent value and they happen to be everywhere I don't need them to be. Listen - just give in to it and stop resisting. I've never had a bun I haven't enjoyed!
5	The smell is like heaven!  It draws you in from across the airport.  I absolutely love love love the cinnamon buns here.  They are just delish! Good coffee too!
3	It's a small stall at the airport and they only have the basic Cinnabon size. There was no line so it was fast. We got the original and the pecan caramel. We ate half of each and done.
3	Yup, I had airport cinnabon. I was in the mood for a bagel, but somehow the delicious smell of this other carby treat lured me in. The staff were friendly, my cinnabon was giant and delicious, and there was lots of seating (with outlets!) to pass the time until my flight. Not a bad way to end off an amazing trip to Vegas!
1	Employee said they were opening at 7am, then told another patron 7:30am and she was still inside with the lights dim and the gates closed at 7:45am. You would think they would be open at a set time or at least in comparison to everyone else in the airport at this time. Even the chocolate stores were open!
