5	Re-decorated, re-named, new menu, new chef, new new new. Was fortunate and grateful to get a table at the soft opening. Gonna miss mucho gusto. Seared scallops for the appetizer were really fantastic, if not just a tad too sweet--they're in a bed of "gran marnier syrup." The black bean mango soup with chorizo is fantastic. Will get it again next visit. The duck was very very good, although just a little chewy. The half roasted chicken was the best of all the entrees I tried. Prices here are higher than what they were before, although the dishes have the quality and presentation to justify it. No entrees under $20 makes me wonder if the heart of a college town is the best location for them, but our server told us a happy hour will start once the grand opening happens. All the servers are awesome, attentive, knowledgeable of the menu, and friendly. Great beer selection, and extensive wine list as well. Definitely plan to return.
5	I've been a long-time fan of House of Tricks and Chef Kelly's work there, so it's no surprise that he's bringing it to the waltz, so to speak, just a few blocks away at The Revival. We swung by for lunch today and I had a fantastic short rib sandwich with great fries, while my lunchmates thoroughly enjoyed their grilled cheese, duck sliders, and reuben sandwich. The host and server were quick and took care of things, and while they're still getting their build-out situated, the food was completely fantastic. I'm excited to try out dinner.
4	Once I knew "The Revival" had opened I convinced a group of friends to go check it out with me over drinks and appetizers. I am proud to say that we now have a place in the 85281 area code that is doing some serious work with cocktails. I had the figitabout it, made with local whiskey and local figgy pudding bitters and it was delicious - a bit smooth for me but a unique and interesting cocktail with strong local roots. Others had the cocktails off the happy hour menu and thought they were well balanced and delicious - I also had a Rye IPA from Hess brewery, and it was good - only thing, waiter needs to pick up the glass and pour at an angle versus directly into the glass - much larger head of foam than needed and I would like to see chilled glasses, if at all possible. When it is summer in Phoenix we need every bit of coolness we can get - from a drink perspective I would say wine and cocktails rule but a good selection of craft brews.As for food from the appetizer menu, the ribs were the favorite of the group - they rocked! We also tried the grilled chicken wings - good but I would brown and then grill them, like they do at La Grande Orange. We also had the scallops on top of the breaded and fried avocado. One person at the table though the scallops were a bit raw for her but I look at scallops like I look at seared tuna - it should just brush the grill and that is it so I thought they were delicious - though a bit more pricey at $13 for two full scallops versus $5 or $6 for most other appetizers at happy hour prices (by the way, happy hour is 3 pm to 6 pm).They do offer a brunch but please know that until September, it is only on Saturdays - I find that a bit odd since I'm a Sunday brunch sort of guy but hey, I'll give it a shot in a few weeks. The music is old school jazz and 50s and the service is good - I think the chef is still feeling out the food for this location after a decade at house of tricks and the plating definitely has shades of that location. I hope to see more innovation in the cocktails and the waiter noted that he was encouraging the chef to  do seasonal cocktails. I have a feeling that I'll go 5 stars after a few more meals but want to go several times before I give up that final fifth star - this is definitely a place I would go to for an early dinner if seeing a Broadway show at Gammage. All in all, I thought mucho gusto was good but this place has that sort of Brooklyn food ethic that makes for some unique eating for those of us in the land of eternal sun. Go try it out and I look forward to reading your reviews! :-)Note, I also went back the next night for just "a" cocktail and for one of the apps I had not tried - I got the Asian pork belly this time and it was delicious - then my neighbor sends me a text about  getting a drink and I invite him over and then I end up having the shrimp and chorizo app (delicious) and another cocktail and we started to get to know one of their amazing bartenders, Trent, and then one of the wait staff, Tory, recommended some other places for cocktails in Phoenix and David, the amazing waiter and cocktail expert recommended some other drinks and then my neighbors wife comes over as well and we do dinner (had the duck confit, good but hey folks, more food, big guy and all - but it was  tasty), then my other neighbor comes over and we do desert and coffee - so let's just say my expected $20 tab ended up being about a $100 but hey, I had a great time the whole time and learned a lot about vintage cocktails - look forward to sitting on the patio and enjoying the cooler weather - they said they are looking at doing brunch in September when the weather cools down.One thing would be fun, if the chef had time to walk out every now and then and to ask the guests how they like the food - at a place like this it is nice to eat the food and then connect with the chef - sort of like going to a film festival and meeting the director - I think that will help drive a connection with the community and bring people back - oh, cocktails, try the purple (or was it blue) daisy and the date night, and if Trent is there, try his pre-prohibition old fashioned with Maker's Mark - delicious!
5	Chef Kelly consistently hit it out of the ballpark tonight. The Revival is even better then tricks- and I used to eat at tricks a lot. As always the pork belly was out of this world- as was the duck and the scallops. Nice wine list, and great cocktails. I was even impressed by the coconut cream dessert. The neighborhood needs a chef like you who has vision and can really cook. Yes, it is a little more pricey then other neighborhood restaurants, but it is well worth it for the quality, artistry and thought that goes into the dishes.
5	Found out about The Revival after sifting through 17 pages of the same old Yelp results looking for a place for lunch - I live and work in Tempe and am running out of new places to eat, so I was stoked to find out that this place had opened just a few weeks ago. As soon as I read about the chef's association House of Tricks, I knew I had to go.We got there around 11:40, which was perfect because it was right before the lunch rush started rolling in. Being a new restaurant, I wasn't sure if it would be busy, but it was once it hit noon. Clearly the word is spreading fast!Everything on the menu looked amazing, but I decided to start by trying the Charred Korean Pork Belly sandwich, which was great. The flavors actually reminded me more of Banh Mi than Korean food, but being Vietnamese I can't complain. :)The atmosphere was casual and relaxed. A great place for lunch, but I can also see myself coming here to unwind for dinner and drinks during happy hour.Basically, I just left and I already can't wait to go back! It's definitely a place I can see myself frequenting in the future.
3	Disclaimer: I loved Mucho Gusto and their menu. The new menu is soup, salad and some thoughtful sandwiches. I can't say I was wowed. I enjoyed the short rib sandwich and it was delicious as well was the au jus they serve with it. The accompanying slaw was a little watery but had the right ingredients and flavor for my taste. My friends salad, their signature, was over dressed and with the crispy items mixed in they were no longer crispy. Good flavor in the dressing and good ingredients just not executed well. Not to mention they were out of the cheese that is a big part of this signature salad. I think their menu could be expanded a bit. Compared to the drink list it was pretty small.
5	Amazing Braised Short Rib!!! I would eat this for dinner every night for the rest of my life. Enough said...
5	Super!  When you team Chef Kelly Fletcher with Sommelier David M Johnson you know you're going to experience magic. Achiote Salmon was a great flavor festival in my mouth.  We also tried the braised short rib which as good as we have ever had. Love the creativity of the food and the large (and well priced) wine list. Check it out!!
5	The Haloumi cheese salad (not the name on the menu) was so delicious I want to go back again NOW!  Great innovative menu, nice comfortable atmosphere, terrific service, what a wonderful addition to the neighborhood.
5	Heard about The Revival from a bartender at the Mellow Mushroom.   I travel to Phoenix regularly for business and happened to be in town on a Saturday night.  Since I was alone, I sat at the bar.   The bartender, Cara, was excellent and the wine manager David, offered excellent suggestions.  I had the shrimp and chorizo appetizer, the salmon entree and finished with the Chef's bread pudding.   The quality level was well above the price for each course.  In a foodie city like New York, Chicago, San Fran or Philly, you would pay more for the same quality.As someone who dines alone fairly often, I tend to return to restaurants where I receive excellent service and some nice conversation along with food that meets or exceeds expectations.  I will be returning to The Revival.
3	Loved Chef when he was at House of Tricks. the food at Revival was good but we were expecting more. The menu is way too limited: sandwiches, a few salads and not much more. I don't believe Chef is living up to his potential or stepping out of the box. He needs more choices. I had the duck breast sandwich and it was good, but the homemade potato chips were way too salty (and I LOVE salt). my husband had the special soup: chicken asian noodle: was good but had a bit of a fishy flavor. They did have decent but not huge wine/beer choices. We enjoyed our meal but will likely not return or at least wait for several months to see how things progress.
3	I enjoyed my experience at the Revival. Overall, the food was good. I met up with my husband there and a neighbor (who had been there for an hour already drinking and feasting) to order a cocktail and an appetizer.The pork belly is good, but not as good as Pig and Pickle. They had a thinly sliced potato at the bottom and I felt like that was a bit too acidic for the pork belly. I had the chicken and I thought It was good but a bit too salty for my taste. I had to give it to my husband who is an athlete and is always looking for extra salt. My husband had the duck confit and I had some of it and hoped that I had ordered that instead! The polenta was nicely cooked and the flavors were spot on.One thing that I did not like was one of the waiters. He had a stuck up feel to him, making comments about 'oh i only eat at ___'  and 'my pallet is very sophisticated', 'i wouldn't dare eat at ___' and trying to make it seem like he was better than us. Given that it was their first week, I would have preferred to not get that from the waiter.I would go here again but now I'm warned on how expensive it is. The drinks and some of the food is a bit above what the neighborhood calls for.
2	Don't bother.  Poor service, expensive for what you get, bland atmosphere.  Four of us went last Saturday at 7 pm.  Out of soup, out of one appetizer we ordered.  Server couldn't tell us about the wines.  They did have the shrimp appetizer (for $16), 3 shrimp to feed four of us - you'd think they'd gauge the number in your party and at least give you one shrimp per person.  But no . . . those babies cost $5.33 per shrimp.  Garnish of pickled cauliflower tasted like a hot dog with too much French's mustard - overpowering.  I wouldn't even think of ordering one of the entrees which cost upward of $20.We wanted to sit outside, but most of the tables were only "for decoration;" out on the patio but not sealed, so unusable.  Restaurant redecorated with what look like pallets - could use some color - at least some plants.I can't believe, and hope, this place doesn't make it.
4	Outstanding food! The pork belly melts in your mouth and the wings on the starter list are amazing! Also worth tasting is chorizo and shrimp starter- with harissa- it's spicy but yummy!  For main dishes the short rib is great- moist and flavorful. Also worth mentioning is the vegetarian option - it came with portobello mushrooms which were marinated and prepared perfectly. If you are a bread pudding fan I'd stay away- it was a bit on the dry side but the Vietnamese Coffee is savory and a great dessert.
5	Had an outstanding dinner here.  The cocktails were fresh and strong.  When the shrimp with chorizo and pickled cauliflower came to the table I knew we picked a special place.  I also got a cup of soup which was very generous in the amount of chicken in it.   Girlfriend got the salmon entree and I the duck confit, it was one of the best plates that I've ever had.  Also, very nice atmosphere.
4	My hubby and I visited this new place today for lunch. We got there at lunch opening and it was not full at all which was great for quick seating. It did full up around noon. Patio seating available which would be a nice option when the weather is cooler. Nice decor and ambiance. Casual but also good for lunch during work week. We heard that chef was former chef at house of tricks. So we wanted to try it. We ordered the revival burger and steak salad. Salad came with fries. Portions on both were good. Both entrees were great. Nice flavor on steak and burger. We couldn't stop eating the fries. The women's bathroom was clean and nice but i found it weird that the toilet paper was just sitting on the back of the toilet. Couldn't spring for a holder?? Other than that all was good with this place. Definitely would come back.
3	We had been going to Mucho Gusto for YEARS and LOVED it. We work right down the street and that was our go-to place. We decided to try The Revival today for lunch - our whole office. The food was tasty and appetizing and we knew that Chef Kelly Fletcher was the Chef at House of Tricks so we knew the food was going to be great. But because we still have House of Tricks, we REALLY missed Mucho Gusto. There is just no place like it so we were a little disappointed that it's gone. We all had an idea - what if some of the new menu offered some of the old favorites from Mucho Gusto? Big ass burrito, a few of the taco plates, guacamole and the amazing chips and salsa. Now that's a place we would go back to over and over. The Revival - we just assume go to House of Tricks because the food is so similar.
3	Well, that was expensive! Why do I feel like I didn't get the rest of my meal? I had Duck Confit, which was cooked delightfully. Just seemed like the plate was not complete... no starch? I am not against foodie places. I just usually feel like I have had a good meal when I leave. This meal seems to be inadequate. Waiter never asked hit everything was, perhaps he is sick of hearing about it?
4	I've been wanting to try this place and had it bookmarked for a while.  I'm certainly glad I finally made it happen.I came here with a coworker for lunch & both of us really liked this place.The decor is pretty cool with a whole upcycled, reclaimed aesthetic & a very good looking bar area.  There is a huge outdoor seating area with misty fans blowing.  We were seated right away and the customer service was really great.  Our server was the right mix of competent, attentive, funny, gregarious, and professional.  My coworker and I both had the steak salad & it was total noms.  Plenty of steak cooked exactly as requested, lots of fresh fixings, and a dressing that was really well balanced in flavors, both on its own and with the salad.They have a lovely wine list.  They make lots of fancy bar drinks.  I would absolutely come back for lunch again or to try dinner.
5	Went here for brunch, holy cow! Absolutely delicious! Reasonable prices with very friendly and tactful service. I will def be back.
3	The Revival has massive potential, but lunch needs a little reworking.Everything about the ambiance and service at The Revival is "correct" by hip, urban restaurant standards (see: St. Francis, Phoenix Public Market.) The menu is evocative and drool-inducing (sorry for drooling on your paper menu.) "Macerated figs" appear enough times to garner applause, and flavor combinations come across as creative, yet comforting. We ordered the braised short rib and seared halloumi sandwiches. The blackberry preserves, arugula and crispy shallots on the short rib were kind of lost in the gruyere & meat flavor. The halloumi received similar feedback: much bread, little filling. Where did you go, deep fried tomato, spinach, mustard, caramelized onion and aioli? With such thoughtful, complex flavor additions, there should be more substance... *sideways glance* especially for the price.As far as sides, both the apple cider slaw and chorizo spiced fries were excellent, but the fries were on a whole different level from everything else we tasted. Like, somebody needs to make it rain chorizo spiced fries on me at some point in my life. Not to be the fat kid here, but... 4x as much braised meat/fried cheese in my sandwich next time. Plus, all the fries, please.
4	I went with three others and we all shared 2 salads, 2 appetizers and 2 entrees. This was a great way to taste about half of their relatively simple menu. I especially liked the Gypsy salad, the shrimp and chorizo, and the achiote salmon. They've done a great job with the build out of the space with a great use of reclaimed wood and some nice AZ design details. Kelly Fletcher came out and checked on us, which was an extra treat. I will be back and I recommend.
4	My husband and I went here for dinner last night - it was a must since the chef came from House of Tricks.Started off with the pork belly appetizer - the celestial nugget melted in my mouth - salty, sweet and tangy from the vinegary potatoes that lay underneath.Next we had the sweet potato croquettes - crunchy on the outside - moist on the inside. I really liked the citrus infused sauce drizzled on top.The gypsy salad with slices of seared halloumi cheese on top was to die for - it also had blue cheese mixed throughout which didn't hurt.Husband got the ribs - tender with a chili infused rub and let's not forget, the cheese/ale soup with popcorn topping. Brilliant concept and healthy ( I tell myself) because it contained sliced apples.The star of the show, however, was the bread pudding - maple, bacon, bourbon, apples ............oh, my.I will be back.
3	I'm really on the fence about trying this place again. On one hand, I liked the wine/cocktail list, the appetizers and ambiance. On the other, the service was lacking and the entrees were tiny and oversalted. My sister and I came for restaurant prior to seeing a show at Gammage. I made 5:30 reservations so that we wouldn't have to rush dinner. Unfortunately, that's exactly what happened due to a 30 minute+ gap between our appetizers and entrees. Our server never checked up on us or explained what was happening until after we flagged down someone else to order another glass of wine. I was also irked that our server took my silverware after I finished my first course but never bothered to replace it. Luckily, the host sitting at the door rushed over to give me a new set so I didn't have to wait on our server again.My sister got the vegan cauliflower bisque which had a light texture and nice basil flavor. I loved my fried manchego. It was like the best part of a grilled cheese sandwich accompanied by a delicious roasted sweet tomatoes. The succotash entree, however, was minuscule and almost ruined by the heavily salted wilted spinach. The shiitakes in the dish were very good though.The desserts were both decent. I got the chocolate almond croissant pudding, and my sister got the vegan blueberry coconut parfait. We both agreed hers tasted more like a breakfast dish.The patio looks like it will be very welcoming during the cooler months. Maybe after a couple months, I'll be ready to give Revival another go.
5	This restaurant was a delightful find! The service was very friendly and efficient, despite them being very busy and the food and drinks were amazing. The restaurant features local brews and spirits and their mixologists incorporate spirits from AZ Distillery into spectacular cocktails. The food was incredibly good - amazing combinations of flavors! Highly recommended.
2	My husband & I wanted to try Revival during Restaurant Week.  I guess when we first walked in we should have had a clue it might not be the best experience.  Bottom line - their service was probably the worst we've experienced at a high-end restaurant ever.  We had reservations for 6:30, we arrived a few minutes early and were told they were on a wait of about 20 mins - um then why did I make a reservation.  So we went to the bar to grab a drink while we waiting and ultimately never got helped before our table was ready.  We were seated and about 10 minutes later our server came over.  As soon as she came to our table she didn't seem to have a clue about too much.  She took our drinks orders and about 10 mins later we got those.  Mind you the restaurant is not that large - maybe it seats 40 - 50 people.  It was busy when we got there but most tables had been there a while & were finishing their meals.  Anyway I could go on and on about how slow & inexperienced our server was but I'm guessing you can figure that out from my rating & my first description of our server.  We also witnessed another table who had been seated for at least 10 mins with no attention from a server, they got the attention of the host (who by the way was wearing a backwards ballcap) he said "Oh let me get your server" but what he should have said was "I'm so sorry, what can I get you to drink".  He walked away and another 2 - 3 mins their server finally showed up.  The good - the food was great!  with the exception of the dessert, Habanero Bacon S'mores with Dark Chocolate & Shortbread - it was cold.  I typically don't eat my S'mores cold.  One other thing to mention - on the restaurant week menu online it states "wine pairing offered at additional cost", our server had NO idea what we were referencing so we gave up & ordered our own drinks.  I'm not sure that I could recommend this restaurant to anyone at this point.  Again the food was good but for the price and the poor service we received (again we saw lots of other tables receiving the same poor service) there are too many other great restaurants in the Valley.  Sorry Revival!
2	My husband and I had reservations for 5:15 on 9/21 and when we were seated the restaurant was fairly empty. Service left much to be desired from the unwelcoming greeter, to the bartender that nearly ran me over as she walked past me. The server was sweet but never came by to refill a drink or update us on our order.So our order, which never came, left much to be desired. After waiting 45 minutes for our appetizers we asked if they were coming only to be told we'd have to wait another 10 minutes. At which point we left. Really sad, the food looked good and the place seems to have potential.
1	I was really disappointed by my experience here. We made a reservation at 5:45 pm on a Saturday night, thinking we probably wouldn't even need one.  When we arrived, we were told that there were no available tables inside---no apologies on behalf of the staff. We were asked to sit outside until one became available. When our waitress came by, she let us know that several of the items of the menu were no longer available. Then she said there wouldn't be enough time to order actual meals if we wanted to be out by 7:00 pm (we were catching a show at 7:30 pm). SO, we left without ever having a chance to try the food. While the waitress was apologetic, nobody offered us anything that would push us to give Revival a second chance. They clearly just don't have their act together yet.
4	Came in pretty for late dinner based off good reviews and bc they were open and relatively new.. It was nice to see a place with better than bar food open past 10 in tempe.  The cocktails were good but the food was much better. I ordered every appetizer for the table, made a nice light dinner, perfect for throwing down beer after without exploding..  Check out the pics. Everything was great! My favorite was the fried avocado under the scallops. ;) nice large salad as well, pork belly was meaty, ribs were unusual, but good. Cocktails n every app and a salad, $100
3	Been here 3 times. First two times it was the best food I've ever had! Tonight was sub par though. Super salty sauce and dry chicken
3	Went there last week with friends for a try out. We were quickly led to our table by reservation. The decor was pretty nice with some candles to add some romance in the air. The menu really simple cuz only three main courses there and we had three people, so we tried almost every dish of the night. There were two rib dishes on the menu, one for starter and one as entree, but they were different. As starter, you'll get a few bone-in short ribs; as entree a rib quite like a sirloin steak. I prefer the latter since it was cooked absolutely delicious. My friends ordered salmon with some mysterious sweet sauce which made the flavor quite weird.  Not as good as the rib. The service was not as bad as others have described, but it WAS a little lag. 20 min wait between dishes approximately.
4	AMAZING the wine list is great! My friend and I shared the caprese salad and the salmon dish with fried avocados and at first I was nervous because the portions looked small but I left satisfied and very full. It was the perfect amount to share!
5	This... I... No words. Incredibly. Heavenly. Best short ribs I have ever eaten. Literally couldn't keep my eyes open while eating. It was that good. Gave me shivers.
4	I've been a long-time fan of House of Tricks and chef Kelly's creations so it is no wonder the Revival was a big hit. I was sad to see Mucho Gusto go but the great location and beautiful patio spot will keep people coming in. Now first off this certainly wasn't the cheapest lunch but I dug into my pocket book a little deeper because it is well worth it. A few of my favorites from the menu are the caesar salad with its spicy dressing and pumpkin seeds and the braised short rib sandwich with shallots and an apple cider slaw. The fig itabout it cocktail was wonderful. I can't wait to go back for dinner and try out one of the steaks.
3	Overpriced/small portions/mediocre food! The food was pretty heavy handed on the spiciness. Not a problem for me, but the people I went with were not expecting it. There was a long wait considering the restaurant was nearly empty. Not worth it, I don't plan on ever coming back. Though it is BEAUTIFULLY decorated... The environment must be figured into the price.
5	New fave in town. Food is amazing and is a treat to the taste buds. Green chili pork stew. Holy mutha...speechless.
2	Overpriced/small portions/mediocre food! The food was pretty heavy handed on the spiciness. Not a problem for me, but the people I went with were not expecting it. There was a long wait considering the restaurant was nearly empty. Not worth it, I don't plan on ever coming back. Though it is BEAUTIFULLY decorated... The decorations must be figured into the price.
4	Delicious spinach salad with a perfectly prepared chicken breast.  My friends indulged in the huge grilled cheese with tomato soup and raved it was good w/ a doggie bag to take home. If I were to change anything...the staff is different and struggled to get things right with our order and bill. Other than that I love the decor and the expanded menu here.
5	Wow! The Green chile pork was the best I have had!Had a bite of the burger someone at the table ordered and the ingredient combo was amazing!Very nice attention to detail in all of the items we tried.Cute patio was fun with live music.Mike E
5	... Words cannot describe how impressed I am with this amazing Mexican fusion cuisine. Came here with my sister, boyfriend, and a close friend of ours. We spent the first 20 minutes fighting over what to order because everything looked so good. The mussels are BOMB!!! Chef kelly is brilliant and the definition of hospitable. Tempe may not be ready for this level of deliciousness. Thank you REVIVAL!!
5	I was in town from NYC visiting my cousin and we ended up enjoying a Saturday night dinner outside on the patio while listening to some great live music.Great food and service, as well as a lot of good vegetarian options as well!Gladly recommend this and I will for sure be coming back
5	I love what the owner has done, wasnt a fan of mucho gusto, but THE REVIVAL, IS AWESOME. I love all the vegetarian options too!!
4	Nice atmosphere and great service.  Enjoyed lunch with four other friends and will definitely be back.
2	So looking forward to trying this place and was sorely disappointed. Entering the courtyard on a chilly December evening and the lights were twinkling and fire stoked in the corner fireplace. Artistically designed booth backs with old suits in a quilt pattern were intriguing, but that's where the ambience stopped. We were greeted and seated with a lack of emotion or warmth. Menus were placed in front of us and they were ... dirty. No specials mentioned, no happy hour mentioned (we were there at the start of HH), and a general lackluster vibe ensued. When questioned, our waiter knew nothing of the drink concoctions (shame on him) and told us the sign on the wall with specials was outdated because they didn't have chalk-skills. We finally decided on a few items - Pablo Honey cocktail was TOO spicy to even drink, but the fresh pineapple juice helped a lot. Chips and salsa were requested and dropped on the table. Delicious salsa - greasy but hot tortilla chips. Free on the Happy Hour Menu, but $5 otherwise. Shared the short rib dinner (pretty good), the vegetarian squash option (soggy with a very spicy avocado mixture), the duck taquitos (YUMMMY) and the green pork chile stew (decent flavor and good consistency.) Nothing special here - sorry. Oh, and we were charged for the FREE Happy Hour Chips & Salsa. Embarrassingly slow service, but the guy filling our water glasses - on it!! Won't be back.
4	Stopped in to check out the Revival for lunch. They have a great patio that will be perfect for outdoor gatherings and enjoying the weather. The music selection was perfect- a fun mix of "feel good" music.I scanned the menu, and looked around at other diners plates. Looking forward to coming back for the burger and duck taquitos. I sat at the bar and ordered the mussels and a bowl of black bean soup. Soup was delicious. Mussels were tasty- even though I'm not a fan of cream based dishes. The chorizo was a bit overpowering with the cream broth- and the dish could be better if switched out to a broth base- as both are pretty strong on their own. Bartender was very attentive and made sure my water was always full. We will definitely be back. During the week it's a great spot for lunch meetings, etc. Great to have them in Tempe!
5	Love this place! The Mussels are awesome! You will want a straw to slurp up the sauce they come in. Luckily they serve bread with them so you can sop up the sauce. I also like the braised rib tacos. I like them so much I have ordered them two times in a row! Get chips and sals while you wait and don't add salt to the chips, they are pre-salted and perfect the way they are! Great place for lunch or dinner!
3	My review has dropped a bit, but stands at a solid 3.5 star.  My main complaint about my recent experience is that the food was WAY OVERSALTED!  Like whoah!But otherwise, it's still a nifty place. The service was excellent.  I still adore the upcycled aesthetic.  The owner even told me how to do the copper tables at home.  I REALLY hope they bring back the steak salad.
4	(Lyrics - Weezer - Say It Ain't So)Bo Bites is comingIs gonna reviewSomebody's restaurantIs giving me thrillsGuess I'll just give them a tryOh yeah, alright, taste good, so rightYelp on the websiteAZCulture with WarrenSomething is brewingBehind my siteBo Bites is ready to blowAt The Revival....ooh ohYour food is a heartbreakerAt The Revival....ooh ohYour food is a life makerThe Revival is a little off key place away from the crowded Mill Ave.  My first impression of the place was wow this would be a cool place to hang with a live band!  The place serves up what I would consider Southwestern and American fusion food.  I came here with a date on a Wednesday night so the place was pretty slow overall.  I didn't care for having the staff hanging at the bar since as a manager of the business; that bothers me much.  I ordered a Whiskey and ginger and proceeded with ordering for the both of us.  The menu was split from small versus large plates.  We shot for the small plates so we can share.  We ordered the Braised Duck Taquitos, Steamed Mussels, and Patty's Fish Tacos.  The mussels were excellent for a chilly night as it was when we attended; warm chipotle-chorizo sauce giving it an extra kick of spice along with some crustini bread.  The fish tacos had a subtle bite and a minor kick of chipotle; crunch from the cabbage, but one thing I notice most was the corn tortilla which tasted homemade.  The duck taquitos was well plated, topped with radish and red onions and surrounded by a tomatillo and pablano sauce -- Oh yeah probably my favorite of the night.  We finished the night with some Mexican Chocolate and brownie to an already great night of eats.  Overall, a great place for a foodie to grab some experimental bites! - Enjoy!
