4	I come to this Starbucks usually when I'm on my way to Church or coming from Church.  This particular Starbucks is a little bit bigger than the other ones I've been to in the area.  The seating area is a little bigger and it has a big comfortable couch near the barista so as soon as you place your order, grab the couch! You'll fall asleep on it-- like Paul from the Diamond Center, I guarantee it! (I miss the 90s!)We've held meetings here before and they never had a problem with it.  There's a little secluded area to the right of the entrance when you walk in so it gives some privacy if you do have a private meeting here.  The staff is pretty quick with your drinks and is almost never too busy. Check em out!
3	This Starbucks has a huge lobby and extended lobby on the side. The area rug and couches bring warmth to the place. But the customer service is hit or miss. I come here a lot, and there are days when the staff look like zombies- maybe they need the coffee more than I do. And then they have their perky days.  Overall, it's a nice place to hang out and have some coffee but it's tragic that this location closes early.
4	Close to the Church I go to, this spot is nice with a huge lobby. Interior design is very similar to any other Starbucks, but with more lounge chairs and a huge comfortable couch.  The staff is aight except the one that always seems higggggggh, guy is super cool.  He likes to converse with me as if he knows me.  Next time i'll bring him a bag of chips and if he accepts, i'll conclude that he is high.It's very quiet and rarely gets crowded.  I like chillin here to kill time or get some work done on my laptop.  It's located in a plaza surrounded by nice neighborhoods and the crowd are older than the norm of what we usually see chillin in coffee shops, your middle age class working citizens rather than your average college student.
4	Conveniently located on the way to my Son's school, I stop by here on occasion in the morning to grab a cup of Joe.  I am simple and enjoy a half-caf Americano Grande.  I normally use the drive-thru here, but will go inside if the line is too long.The staff here is friendly and always get my order right.  That's all I ask for at this Starbucks location.Will I return?  Yeppers.
5	I am here almost every day, and I decided it's time to write a review.  Everyone is super friendly in this location (at least in the mornings).  I just love a positive attitude, and that's what the staff have here.  So polite.Inside is like any other starbucks I guess.
4	Standard Starbucks with a drive-thru, friendly staff. Only ever had my order wrong once and I didn't throw it back in their face as other Starbucks patrons have been known to do.Venti iced green tea with three pumps of classic. Best way to stay hydrated in this 105 degree weather! ^.^
4	One of my faves......the drive-through is usually pretty quick! The people are friendly and the drinks are perfect. There isn't ever much merchandise but this Starbucks is within walking distance to my house so I can't really complain.
4	It's a Starbucks and it has a drive-through and the baristas are friendly and perky (caffeine overload?).  I am a recent coffee convert, thanks to hubby, and really craved a coffee yesterday morning.  Since we just ran out of coffee beans the previous day, and since we were running late to church, we decided to grab some *bux to go....one sip, and I felt myself becoming more alert.How sad that my mornings have come to this....
3	It is a starbucks so the results are limited here. I despise the concept of starbucks as it is clearly designed for people to get their drinks to go. I prefer the more traditional coffee houses with couches, games and music.  The limited seating at Starbucks is uncomfortable, there are not many outlets available for wifi and there is no warmth to the place.  I also don't drink cofee and the alternate selections are also limited.That said, my favorite breakfast sandwich is the egg and gouda sandwich.  They always have madelaines for my daughter and although their boxed meals are a little on the pricey side of things, they have creative combinations including a cheese tray, turkey and hummus, etc...  The staff here is very friendly and I do like the smoothies.Overall, this place gives an extra oomph to the product that everyone else in the world seems to love.
4	This is a great location and they always make my sweetened passion tea lemonade perfect! I've never gone inside, I'm a drive-thru-er and most if the time I have great service is fantastic, always chatting with me while I wait for my drink. Unless the guy with the long ponytail is working, he has this "I hate my job" mood it feels like and you get the vibe he doesn't want to be there. I try to be as cheery as possible with him, make him hate it less I guess. Ha. Overall I do enjoy this location though.
5	I have to go to the Walmart Neighborhood Market from time to time and can't believe I never new there was a Starbucks in the parking lot!I was stoked. I went inside and was greeted by the friendly staff. I ordered a Venti White Mocha. It was spot on!The place was clean and upbeat.There is a drive-thru at this location which is a nice perk.I recommend this location!
4	My profile headline reads: "Yelp is my diary, and my reviews are the written pages of my life." This past Saturday, the Cheyenne Avenue at 215 Starbuck's was a part of my life for a good hour.   After a workout hiking up Lone Mountain, I was up to relaxing and keeping awake with a grande Starbuck's drip with pumpkin spice syrup. This Starbuck's was a good choice.    This Starbuck's stands off the north side of Cheyenne Avenue immediately east of the 215. It is a pad in the Walmart Neighborhood Market Shopping Center. Parking is plentiful for Starbuck's customers that drink their beverage in the lobby. The drive thru is a convenience for the Starbuck's customers on the go.  Inside is a plush Starbuck's that  makes for a fitting place to relax with a hot beverage. The layout is elongated, which creates a few relaxing  zones. On the east section of the lobby there are plush chairs and on the west section there is a separate room with a few seats. Throughout the lobby there is the standard seating arrangement with chairs and tables. With the counter in the middle, the sections at both ends of the lobby have a lower noise level. Reading the newspapers on my smart phone compliments of complimentary WiFi, I felt like I was in a lounge drinking coffee.   The baristas that represent this Starbuck's are friendly. They took time out from what they were doing to talk to me. They gave me a tip that is worth passing on: "If you purchase a Starbuck's card, and have at least $5 on it, refills are free." When they were not helping customers, they were cleaning. This is a plush Starbuck's that was very clean on my visit.  Because Yelp is my diary, and my reviews are the written pages of my life, I will write about the places that I visit. And it is guaranteed that I will write about more Starbuck's.
1	It's a Starbucks. The employees could really care less about you. Why should they have to care about customer service.  After all you came to them for a service, they will help you when it is convenient.
5	I love Starbucks! They have the BEST coffee! I love their food when I'm on the run. The company culture is fabulous. You can pretty much count on everyone being nice and friendly every time you go!
3	I'm actually not a particularly big fan of Starbucks for their coffee. I find it kind of acidic and a bit strong for my liking. I am a fan of their frapachinos and pastries, but alas, far too many Calories for me to visit consistantly.
4	Really like this Starbucks as they have lots of room inside of the store and we come here for ASL lessons. Always have great service and drinks here. It's one of my favorite Starbucks.
5	I have never had a bad experience at this particular location (unlike many other Starbucks I have been to). The staff is uber friendly, knowledgable & helpful. Fish was really helpful during my visit to the drive thru this afternoon, as was the other gentleman working... Sorry dude- I didn't catch your name, but you're equally awesome.Love this store & the staff. Won't be going to any others from now on, if I can help it!
2	I order the same drink every time and each time it's made differently. I never have trouble with my drink at most locations. They just don't listen to what you're ordering.
1	We went to the drive-thru. We ordered 4 drinks. It took them 10 mins. for the drinks. They got 3 wrong and forgot about the other one. As we were waiting we saw the whip cream thing HANGING OFF THE TRASH CAN!!! After 20 mins they finally got our order right. After all of this they did not even say sorry.
5	I love this Starbucks location. It's nice inside, never too packed, and the employees are nice.
1	One of the worst Starbucks I've ever been to! First couple times I went, a black/white mixed girl rang me up. She's rude, never smiles, never says hi, never says thank you. I don't know how she can work in customer service.Went again this morning and ordered a pumpkin spice latte. When I was walking out to my car, I realized it was double cupped, which is unusual. Normally the only drinks that are double cupped are hot teas or coffee, as they are hotter than regular steamed milk drinks. I know because I worked at Starbucks for a few years. Anyway, I ignored it. When I got to my office, I checked to see why...here's why:The cup the drink was in was a MESS! Pumpkin syrup EVERYwhere. Half the cup on the outside was covered in it making the whole thing a sticky mess. I was so shocked that they were too lazy to change the cup and decide to cover it up by putting it in another cup. I mean, who does this?! I know spills happen but clean up after yourselves and especially don't hand a customer a cup that's covered in syrup on the outside. What a bunch of idiots!Disgusting service, disgusting preparation of drinks. Had my old district manager seen me or one of my coworkers do this back in the day, it's a write-up for sure.This Starbucks is an embarrassment.
2	Normally I'd give this location a 5 star rating. However, based upon my last 2 trips I'm giving them 2. I have ordered my drinks both times with no whip creme and both times they put it in anyways. The order on the cup even says, "no whip creme."  They just need to start paying attention again and checking their orders. Very annoying.
5	This is one of the best locations in town!!! The staff is incredibly friendly, and always remembers my order! That's nice! The store is very clean! I drive across town, just to come to this location! I guarantee you won't be disappointed! From a long time regular :)
4	Drive Thru - Super friendly and always remember us and what we like to order.
4	I have to give this Starbucks 4 stars.  There was no one in line when I entered the drive through yesterday.  The order was taken, the person at the register was very pleasant, and I was on my way quickly.It's also a plus that this outlet is in the front of the shopping plaza where I sometimes go to the Walmart Neighborhood Market.  I can get a drink going in or leaving and it's very convenient.I got my drink in about the same time it took me to write this review!  I'm a fan!
5	I had just finished working on my mother's 1966 VW Beetle (She's the original owner).  I had oil and grease all over the front and back of my shirt from adding gear oil to the transmission from underneath the Bug.  I had just finished adding the gear oil and asked my mother if she would like to go with me while I took it for a test drive.  She agreed and off we went.Since this Starbucks is close to my mother's house we decided that it would be a perfect place to take it for a test drive.I pulled up to the drive-thru and ordered the drinks by opening the driver side door as the window gets off track if it is rolled down.  My mother ordered a Grande Hot White Mocha without whip cream and I ordered a Grande Salted Caramel Mocha (Delish!!!).  The very nice and kind Barista taking the order told me the price, I closed the door, pulled up behind the person in front of me to wait my turn to get to the drive-thru window when I realized I had left my wallet at home.  Since I was working on the Bug, I didn't want it getting in the way while I was under the car.  I felt really bad.  I didn't know what to do except tell the Barista that I didn't have the money with me, explain why, and come back with it.  We didn't live that far away anyway.When I got to the window, I opened the door, showed the Barista my soiled shirt, explained that I just was taking the Bug for a test drive since I just worked on it and forgot my wallet.  He told me not to worry about it and that he would give me the drinks anyway.  I was taken by surprise.  He wanted to give us the drinks anyway even though we couldn't pay for them.  Wow!  I told him that I felt really bad and wanted to refuse, but the drinks were already made and they would have just been thrown out anyway, so we took the drinks and I promised to come back with payment.  We got our drinks, I closed the door and I started to drive the bug out of the parking lot when I realized I had my Samsung Galaxy S5 with me.  I have my Starbucks Gold Card linked to the Starbucks app on my phone and I have money on the card.  I realized I could have paid with the app all along, so I quickly turned around, went inside, (all greasy and oily) and told the Barista at the drive-thru and the shift supervisor on duty (I believe it was Kyle), that I realized I could pay with my phone.  The shift supervisor, (again, I think his name is Kyle) told me that since I came back in that he would comp one of the drinks, and again I was completely surprised!  I didn't expect this at all as all of this was my fault anyway, but still I received excellent customer service from the entire team.  My mother and I enjoyed our drinks and an exceptional experience at this Starbucks!  I want to thank Lyn, the store manager, for training his team so well.  Lyn and Fish have always treated me with the exceptional, legendary service that made Starbucks a great company.   Thank you too, Kyle (I hope that's your name), for going the extra step to make me feel great despite the entire incident being my fault.You and your team are exceptional!Happily caffeinated,Chris
4	Nice...they are always so busy that the staff are more concerned about getting people in and out and not on smiling and being friendly.
