3	I give this location 3 stars because of the larger selection of premium brands compared to the other location. It is a good store everything is new and very clean and organized. The staff however is very unorganized and in a rush. The associate who was helping me was an Eastern European lady who was very helpful, polite and courteous. However she was very inexperienced with the computers and other associated and the manager was very brief with their help. Because there was a lack of help I the customer was the one to suffer. I observed an Asian lady who was at a register close by who appeared to help but was very quick in helping and would talk a million miles an hour. I understand being in a rush but talking fast and then running back to your register doesn't make anything go any faster. Miss Asian associate you are cute but you would be a lot cuter and a better associate and would give customers a better experience if you took maybe one less adderol or coffee. Being rushed isn't a feeling I want when shopping. This store with in the past 2 days was less than helpful. I had to go out of my way to get help and even ended up calling the AZ Mills location to get answers. I hope next time you can help me better. The first associate who I encountered who might be a manager handed me off to a tall African American associate who was nice but slightly unprofessional in language but nothing that really bothered me couldn't figure out the computers as well. Which ended up with me going to another register where the lady who helped me did what wee she could. Saks may I suggest some POS training for your staff. I understand this is a new store but you're past that I'm new and don't know point.
4	Went back to check on my order from my last visit. The Asian lady helped me and she is very nice and still a bit in a rush but I was ok with it. She was super helpful. I got the information I needed and I was on to other stores. I came back later on and ended up finding a few things, I used a living social deal and there was an issue with the transaction. The male associate was very kind and helpful, he called the manager over to fix the issue. It was the Asian lady and she even remembered my name from earlier. Got a fix for me right away and I was on my way. Thank you fashionable in a hurry cute Asian lady!!
1	Horrible service.  Walked around the men's department for 30 minutes looking for a particular color/style pants.  Didn't see anyone in the department for a little while and just searched on my own.  About 10 minutes pass by I see an associate.  He doesn't acknowledge me or ask if I need help.  I continues to shop on my own.  By the end of the 30 minutes I see he's asked two other people if they needed help.  It took him a while to approach each one.  During the time he asked the other two, I walked passed the associate twice and he walked next to me once.  Never once even acknowledging my presence.  I guess I'll take my business elsewhere like Armani.  They are always very friendly there.
4	Always a good deal to be found + Nice storeThis Saks Off 5th is my go-to for name-brand suits, as well as occasional splurges on clothes for our little girls, some casual wear and gifts.  The store is open and (usually) well organized.  Service staff are very nice as long as you find the right ones-- the usual scenario where some appear there to help while others appear to be passing the time.For suits, it pays off to wait for the Buy-One-Get-One or the 40% to 50% off deals.  Casualwear and clothes for the kids are always good for a look and you'll usually find something very nice at a good price.  I don't find their leather goods and shoes all that appealing on selection or price, but some in the store obviously do.  Tip: For tailoring, they will suggest a service, but better to use Yelp! and find one.  On one purchase, a customer came back to say that the one the store suggested dd a horrible job in his view.
