5	My friend got a job here and insisted that we all come and support her. I hadn't really heard much about this place but I thought I'd give it a bash.Well I'm so glad I did! It really is so much fun.  I had no idea somewhere like this existed in Edinburgh, but I'm glad it does and its perfect for a birthday party or just friends getting together. Firstly, I have never done karaoke in my life. I ain't going to lie, I'm tone deaf. I make those deluded fools on the audition rounds of the X Factor look like Celine Dion. So I have made a conscious effort throughout my life to avoid singing in public. Well once I had a few drinks in me, and as there was a few of us in this little room I thought why not. I channeled my inner Beyonce and belted out the hits (much to the annoyance of everyone else) and clearly decided that I was the next Leona Lewis. Its great fun and so addictive. Plus you don't have to listen to that middle aged man who always gets up and sings Angels when there is karaoke, added bonus. Aside from the karaoke this place also functions as a club. Quite a good one I might add with various themed nights. They is occasionally live music too. Electric Circus is quickly on its way to becoming one of THE places to go in Edinburgh.
4	I was a regular here when it was 'Massa' - the 50p drinks and crackin tunes were my perfect night out. I was a bit hesitant when it changed hands to Electric Circus, and a bit more hesitant when I heard it would was a karaoke bar. There were a few things that first struck me when I went into Electric Circus - the cool, bright colours, the mirrors and the fact that the vodka they served wasn't paint-stripper anymore! Yey! All the little rooms were really cute and the perfect size for a group of friends, taking turns to belt out the tunes. I must admit I was in my element - microphone in hand, all my friends around me, the bar behind me...what's not to like!!They have still managed to keep the buzzing atmosphere in the main part of the club. I hate to say it....but I think I like it even better than when it was Massa!
3	Electric Circus, situated right next to Waverley Station, is one of the up and coming club nights in Edinburgh.  It changed hands from Massa, a club which was so badly designed and dull that it became a laughing stock in my first year.  Electric Circus, however, has been redesigned and segmented into little Oriental-style karaoke rooms.  You simply turn up with your mates, get some drinks and then sing away in your own little musical world.  Naturally, this is a hit huge amongst the girls and each room regularly reverberates with raucous laughter at someone's dreadful vocal skills.  Although fun for a while and good group activity, I'm not such a fan of this.  Electric Circus does, however, do vibrant club night on a Wednesday which is moderately priced and as good as any other night going.  It's a good club and whether or not karaoke is your thing it's still worth a look with a good bunch of mates.
3	Having reinvented itself as half karaoke booths (don't make the mistake of thinking the doorway to these is that to the toilets as you'll have a weird few minutes wandering about) half live music venue nothing much has really changed since it was Massa and before that Buster Brown's. There's less seating and the acoustics are as reasonable as in the past but as yet it doesn't appear to have made a great impact when it comes to attracting touring bands. It's size though is in its favour so time will tell.
3	For some reason or other, people have been ranting and raving to me about Electric Circus. This might be an overstatement. But people have generally been saying quite good things to me about Electric Circus. And good events seem to be taking place there (went there recently for both the Kitty, Daisy and Lewis show as well as the Fest Launch Party). But I'm still not totally impressed by the venue. Maybe because it's small and cramped and makes me feel quite claustrophobic. I mean, it's not all bad. One defining feature about a venue is its choice of shows. And Electric Circus seems to put on good acts (mostly by the Edge, during the festival). And when I was there for the Fest party launch, they served amazing Thistly Cross Cidre that tastes like apple juice but is deceptively strong.
2	I had the most awful night at Electric Circus, but I'll put it down to my universities' law students rather than the club itself. You see it was one of those organized student evenings that ended up in a club that was much smaller than appropriate with extremely dodgy music.I don't know what the music is like on a normal night, but going by it's name I reckon it's nothing close to what I personally like..hiphop, rnb etc. I remember bright blue flickering lights, a pretty small dance floor and an equally small bar making it quite difficult to grab something to drink. I feel a night which got quite crappy towards the end (which coincidentally was a Electric Circus) may have rubbed off on my impression of the club, so take my opinion with a pinch of salt.
3	I love this place as a small music venue but please invest in a better sound system.   4 or even 5 stars if the sound system was upgraded.
5	Well I never thought I was a karaoke fan until I experienced this place! Was at a hen night the other weekend and ended up in one of the karaoke booths and what a laugh it was.  All inhibitions disappeared quickly when I realised you only had to perform in front of your mates and not the rest of the pub!  First time I felt I could belt out a solo version of 'I will survive' and really feel like a pop star ;-)  I was in my element!
4	Probably my favourite place in Edinburgh to go for a cheesy boogie with my girlfriends after a night of wine and gossip. Plus, there's karaoke! Lots of deals wing their way to me via email so you can get some great packages here, starting with a couple of hours karaoke and spilling into the club afterwards. There's also a drinks service in the karaoke rooms, so you don't even need to think about negotiating the crowds when you're belting out a Diana Ross number and fancy a top-up on the old vino.
3	Sometimes it's the small things that make a difference: the friendly and kind serving person that looks after the karaoke rooms waited until we had finished murdering another pop classic before coming in to take our order of drinks. I guess that's the kind of service that a McCartney or a Gallagher is used to when crooning their way through an evening, professional roadies can be hard to find though.The room was smaller, our group was tight, the singing was spiritual in its tremendousness and overall a find old time was had by all. I had to adjust my repertoire to fit the tunes available - the list wasn't exhaustive. So no Kraftwerk, but a good smattering of Bowie, Stones and modern stuff that I didn't recognise. I would definitely go back, yes ma'am, and am available to destroy your favourite tracks too (if they're on the list).
4	Have you ever done karaoke at 4pm on a Wednesday? It's kind of amazing.I was in town for training and we needed to put together a team-offsite that was fun and quirky. I have no idea how I brought up karaoke, but there it was, and when it was there, it stuck.There isn't a lot of options for karaoke in Edinburgh and this one came up top of the list. First off, the staff here when setting something something up is incredible. They got back to me right away on email, we figured out what would and would not work, and then they even opened the bar just for us when 4pm was the only time we could do it. Insane.So there we were, sober as the Dickens, about to do karaoke. The bar is one of those cooly dark spots with spray paint graffiti art and neon lights all over the walls. It's grungy but in that way that's on purpose and kind of fun. The karaoke booths are private and to the left, down a small black corridor. Overall, the karaoke is OK, The microphones and sound is great and it is a blast to sing. The song choice is... OK. They have a bunch of songs but there was a ton missing as well (no "It's The End of the World" by REM? For shame.) Also, the machine is really clunky to use. It's awkward touch screen and never types as well as you'd like. And when you add a song, sometimes it's on the bottom, sometime's it in the middle for no reason. Plus, it skips songs randomly, for again, a reason I could  not understand.But screw it, who cares. It was as hilarious and amazing as karaoke should be. Best team bonding ever.
3	PJ and Duncan, Jazzy Jeff and the fresh prince and warren g and nate dog - 3 great double acts all totally butchered on our afternoon trip for karaoke! Electric Circus is right in the heart of backpacker district and it looks like it's definitely seen some serious action over the years. A place where nightclub meets fun palace - wipe down floors and a vibe and colour scheme so dark meaning there's no need to make an effort to dress up. All of the above is cool though and makes it what it is! There were 10 of us crammed in a little box room and we belted out some absolute bangers. The staff were cool and friendly and I was surprised with what a good range of beers they had! Very coolI probably don't need to do karaoke every week but it was a nice one off and a bit of fun with good friends.
4	Backstreet's Back, Baby! What's better than hanging out with awesome people? Karaoke with awesome people! 9 of us work colleagues went to Electric Circus at 4pm on a Wednesday (I know, right!) and I'll be honest, I and many others were dreading it! But we had an absolute blast! We rocked and ruined loads of old classics and a few new numbers as well! The staff were pretty cool! Being 4pm on a weekday, we were obviously the only people in there. They brought our first round of drinks in for us, but had to go to the bar to order bar. Which wasn't a problem! My tip: just do it! If you're in a good, fun crowd then you'll be fine! You wont want to put the mic down once you've done your first song. Oh, and make sure you do a group song!
4	Tonight I'm gonna have myself... a real good time... Go to Electric Circus and you most certainly will. This karaoke bar is a whole lotta fun! The decor is fantastic with dark rooms being brightened up by neon doors and funky graffiti covering the walls. It's grungy and cool - the perfect place to sing Spice Girls at 4pm in the afternoon, right?I came here at this early hour with a large group of 9, ready to rumble and get our Beyonce on. The thing is, when you're sober and it's still broad daylight outside it's a bit unnerving coming into a dark room and standing up My advice? Try their delicious jugs of cocktails and go with a bunch of awesome people like I did. Ultimately, it's the crowd that's important. When you're standing there singing Backstreet Boys at the top of your voice, you want people there who're going to be up there with you, rockin' their bodies right as well. The room was great - very comfortable and the equipment worked well throughout. The woman had put us in a 'larger room' which, though perfect for the occasion, was by no means massive so I'd be intrigued to see the small room! But hey! It keep things nice and cosy and personal, which makes everyone feel a bit more at home!My other other advice, really, is to throw your hands up in the air, and wave'em around like you just don't care, and if you wanna party let me hear you yell, 'cause we've got it goin' on again.Am I original? Yeah.
4	This was my first karoke experience, so I have nothing to compare it to. And it may be a review slightly affected by the fact I was rocking out with 8 AMAZING people and I haven't laughed so hard in months, and it was really 2 of the best hours I've spend with these wonderful people. We rocked up at 4pm on a Wednesday afternoon (that's how we roll). I think they'd just opened, and we were the only folk there. The girl was so friendly, helpful and we got great service with being set up, and pitchers of cocktails coming our way at regular intervals.  She also happily took photos of us whilst we posed like loons.The tune selection is ace, and the booth was a great size for 9 people (although it does get hot...) I recommend you go, order some pitchers of jack daniels-containing cocktails, then rock out to "If You Wanna Be My Lover" (to be sun in a West Country accent), "Business Time", "Everybody (Back Street's Back)" and Prince's "Song Title To Dirty to be repeated". Oh and Kiss from a Rose, that one's a classic.Go with great people, don't give two tosses about how you sound, and just laugh so much you won't know what to do with yourself. Yey! This was previously a fear of mine and something I never wanted to do... and now I pretty much am finding an excuse to go back!
