4	After our absolutely awful experience next door at the terrible Red Bird Cafe, we were famished.  We walked right in to Filiberto's, ordered a couple breakfast burrito's and a soda, were treated with a smile, and got our food all in a matter of 5 minutes.  Plus, we got it all for less than what we were about to spend next door.  I haven't had any form of Berto's in years.  I honestly can't remember the last time I ate at one.  Needless to say my first bite into my steak and egg burrito was so nice.  It was meaty, cheesy, and stuffed full of eggs.  It was the perfect foil to a cold, rainy, blustery day.  The only thing I wasn't diggin was the messy floor.  Oh well, the food was delicious and I got a Diet Coke.  I was a happy girl.
4	Much love to the Fili-B's that saved me from hunger after Red Bird Cafe starved me of breakfast.  The register girl was friendly, spoke english, and the food came out quick.  It was as good as always.  A sausage burrito has never tasted as good.  Thanks Fili-B's!
3	Good thing it was close to MCC. I doesn't enjoy the food in Red Bird Cafe much. Just a couple burrito and I will be happy.
4	Filli B's is the best quick Mexican drive through by far. Great food, made the same way with the same quality EVERY TIME. At Filliberto's you always know what to expect  and it keeps me coming back every time.
3	Great little Mexican fast food restaurant with fresh ingredients and large portions for a small price. Will be back!
4	While it may not be my top choice for fast and cheap Mexican food, you just can't go wrong with Fili B's.  Plus they're open 24/7!!
5	You may wonder what makes Filiberto's so good. So here is a list:Breakfast Burrito CHECK!Carne Asada Burrito CHECK!Super Nachos CHECK!Horchata CHECK!And the food is so cheap its insane!Not to mention it is amazing. Also, see the pictures for the lovely seating. Look at that burrito!
1	This filibertos is the first one ive been to that sucked. The girl who took our order was not paying attention and gave ur carnitas instead of chicken. Im allergic to carnitas n had i eaten it i would not be writing this review. Plz pay attention to the customers .no stars deserved.
4	Got a steak and egg breakfast burrito! was actually quite good and really filling. Was dead inside when I showed up so the food came out quick! Clean inside and that was welcoming. Will stop in again!
4	The food is great of course but the staff are somewhere between just plain rude, lacking personality, and not very smart.  And the drive thru takes an eternity.... Don't expect "fast" food at this location.
4	This was my 1st time here and I am impressed! We went thru the drive thru, ordered 2 grilled chicken burritos and 1 sausage potato and eggs burrito.My sausage burrito was delish! Not greasy, full of flavor and HUGE!  The chicken burrito tasted yummy but were very soggy, not sure if it was from the chicken or the pico, it was not a burrito we could have eaten in the car.The service was very good, quick, and our order was correct... What more could you ask for?  Over all I was impressed and will be going back :)
4	Delicious, fresh, fast, and affordable!!! Breakfast burritos are great anytime of day. I always choose Filibertos over the competition simply for the taste of the food.
5	For a fast food it was good
4	What can I say about Filibertos. It's one of my go to's for lunch. Never been disappointed in their food. Always good and always hot. And plus if you go inside you can get there are avocado salsa. One of my favorites!
5	Never disappointed in their food. I mean come on it's Filiberto's you should really have high expectations. On average I will get there Junior chimichanga or there are ground beef burrito. Both of those come with a drink and are super cheap. Let's not forget $.99 taco Tuesday!
2	Food is good enough to get my Mexican food fix, but forget it if your in a rush. They take forever to get you your food. I stopped going there because of that. Shame on them!
