4	There were no reviews on this place, but I decide to go ahead and check it out anyway.  I went to get some anniversary flowers.  When I first walked in, I didn't see anyone at the front which was a little awkward, but eventually someone came around.   That was my only negative experience about the place.  They were very friendly and helpful and spent a lot of time and care with getting an arrangement together.  They have a TON of random decorative items/gifts around the shop, which makes this place really unique in my eyes.  I was very satisfied with the customer service at this place.
1	I wanted to order a flower arrangement for my Mom's birthday.  I found a few places online, and chose Little Flower Shop for the cost & the ease of using their website.  In multiple spots on their page it says the flowers can be delivered the same day if ordered by noon.  I ordered the flowers around 8AM.  I received an email confirming my order around 830am.   I called the next day and my Mom indicated the flowers didn't arrive. I called the phone number listed in the email (the email that came from the company's domain, not another company like flowers.com or FTD...) and a woman answered with a very unprofessional "Hello?" I had to ask if I was talking to Litlle Flower Shop. "Oh. uh. Yea. What do you want?" I notified her I placed an order the morning before and order didn't arrive.   She would take NO responsibility.  It was "THEIR" fault.  It was "THEM."  Somebody else ran the site and they didn't tell her about the order.  I noted I received a confirmation email- from her domain- nope.  That was "THEM."    I logged into my credit card company's website and confirmed the charge was made by "HER" not "THEM"- whoever that is. I would STRONGLY recommend NOT ordering online from this company. Even if you get a "CONFIRMATION,"  the only thing that is definitely confirmed is she won't take responsibility.
1	I chose this shop based on it being a local small business. The flowers were for my god daughters birthday on the 14th. I ordered the flowers on the website and was charged immediately. I called a while later to ensure my same day delivery was going to happen. I got a message saying they would be closed through the 23rd. I called on the 24th, 25th, 26th and finally on the 27th received an email that I would be getting a refund. A little communication goes a long way, and I did not receive any until well after my refund was complete. I would have loved to go ahead and get the flowers delivered, but even after I told the lady on the phone this, she had no interest in completing the transaction. I would not recommend this shop to anyone.
1	My brother and I just lost our mother and wanted to support locally.  We purchased two banners and were told they would be over 4 feet long and stunning.  $475 dollars later, not so much.  We couldn't believe how small and unimpressive they were.  At this point, what does one do?  I would never give them my patronage again nor would I recommend them.  Horrible business.
