5	Twice in the past week, I have needed some replacement parts for my vehicle.  Once was headlights and once was a battery.  I happened to have a break at work and knew that this store was close by.  When I went in, there were several people actively willing to help me out.  Luckily, I got Moe.  Moe is an amazingly helpful and friendly individual who did not treat me like a 'dumb girl' trying to buy parts for my car.  He helped me immensely and even gave me instruction on how to get the job done quickly and how to do it well.  Kudos to Moe for making my experience much less painful.
5	This portion of the review is from 7/15/2011...I mistakenly put it under the name of Checker (which it may or may not have been at the time?) ------------------------------------------7/15/2011: Hmmm...107 degrees in the shade (oh Alex Bugnon, if only the reality of that degree of heat was as smooth and pleasant as your voice...*sigh*)...for the last month, my car has been reminding me of how much I miss living in a city where public transportation is a way of life and a viable option...today's adventure? Dead battery. (Yesterday was new tires, two weeks ago...new a/c compressor *sigh*) Anywho, the battery was not just kinda dead. But DEAD dead...I opened up the hood and there was battery acid leaking from it. So, I called my insurance, who gave me the number to a towing company for a jump, and that guy gave me O'Reilly's information to get a new battery. The battery in my car was factory installed, and he let me know that it could be days or weeks before Acura processed the warranty info. Well, even if they could have done it today, I was short on time, the dealership is not *THAT* close by, so off to Checker/O'Reilly's I scooted (before anything else could happen). I was assisted by a very nice guy, Marcos. He sold me the battery, I asked if they were difficult to install, he said no, not really, then asked if I was going to be taking it with me or installing it in the parking lot...I informed him that I had to get a jump from the tow truck to make it to his store, so off to the parking lot we went. He not only installed the battery for me, he SHOWED me how to install the battery. I'm a do-it-yourself kind of girl (within reason) so I was impressed. He then went to get a bag for me to take the Ol' Dirty Bastid battery to the dealership to see if they are able to do anything for me regarding the warranty, but if not, he told me to bring it back to him and he'll properly dispose of it. Thank you Checker/O'Reilly's!10/17/12: Not much has changed except I'm bumping them up to 5 stars. WooHoo! After some abysmal service (or lack there-of) from the Acura dealershit service center yesterday, I was dealing with day 2 of the busted battery blues. This morning, I took my darling Black Bettie to the place where I got the first battery and was once again incredibly impressed with the level of service they provide. The young men behind the counter were super helpful, asked me a couple of questions, and let me know that they would be replacing the battery for free and that my next battery would be replaced on a prorated basis. I LOVE COMMUNICATION and these guys provide it in spades. Much respect yo.
4	I enjoy going to this store as the staff seems to know what they are talking about.  On this visit I asked Jan, the asst Mgr how I would know if my master cylinder was going bad.  She describe everything that I was experiencing.  I got to have brakes, so on to Moe to order one.  He was pleasant knowledgeable and looked up my part and placed the order.  In a few hours when it arrived he called to tell me it was ready to pick up.  So I picked it up, put it on and now I can stop on a dime.
3	Got what I needed and got out.
5	I have a POS Car so I am a frequent visitor at this place. I have to shout out to Moe and to Shon as they have been super heroes in helping me get/keep my car running! They are forever having to run codes on my car because I like to do the work myself but I am not terribly knowledgeable. After reading the codes Shon will go in and research them and print me out the information. When I buy the parts they tell me how to do the work. EVERYONE is always helpful! These 2 guys always seem to work the shift I shop, so I know them by name~Sidebar-I had bought a part for a vehicle that I no longer have. I thought I had bought it  at O'Reilly's, turns out I didn't. Moe called the place he thought I may have gotten it at and checked to see what I was up against in making a return on a part I no longer had a receipt for. Then gave me directions to the closest store. That is excellent service in my book!!
5	I love O'Reilly's!  They always have what I need in stock and could not be helpful!  I openly admit, I know very little about cars so it is very important for me to be able to have a place I trust when I having car needs.  Tonight, Kory was a life saver!  My battery died after work.  I went all over Scottsdale looking for a battery, no one had my battery in stock (including Suzuki's road side assistance).  O'Reilly's had exactly what I needed and installed it free of charge.  They also included a 3 year warranty on the battery (most places only offer 2 years).  They also gave me some pointers on how to care for my battery and make it last longer.I have gone here for air filters, check engine light, accessories. . .and most recently my battery fiasco.  The best part is the friendly and kind staff!
