3	Limited selection of desserts but what they offer is amazing, especially the lemon meringue tart and their passion fruit macarons. However, they don't know how to make a cappuccino to save their lives. Snotty ambiance.
5	I was just at a friends for a dinner and they had a Mille Feuilles au Caramel,  all I can say is that it was the best dessert I have had in a very long time. It was a beautifully presented, had a crust that was flaky, buttery, and an amazing light caramel whipped mousse, the whole thing was a light as air.Flavors were full on, yet somehow light, or maybe I should say that the flavors melt and coat you in your mouth as you eat...to be continued
5	Oh boy am I in trouble.....I have never been much of a sweet tooth, but now that seems to be changing and I find myself attracted and curious about trying new ones.As such I decided to give this little place a whirl, and sadly I have forever been changed to a sweet lover. The place is a tiny little ground floor with two large windows, and a  very cute sign reading Rhubarb, located in a very residential part of de Lanaudiere just south of Laurier. When you walk in you will see a couple of little tables, a counter displaying the treats of the day, next to a 3-5 person bar, where people are watching the kitchen and sipping espresso.  It is painted all white and has a great big window frontage making it very bright and cozy.They have a few homemade spreads in jars along the wall, displayed in old wooden french wine boxes, very cute.My last taste of this place was their Caramel Milles feuilles, (see previous review), this time I opted for 6 macarons of the day, and two portions of their pineapple and pistachios cake.  Unfortunately I dropped the box upside down on the way home, so I can't speak for the presentation, but I can tell you that the cake, flavors, light cream and fresh pin apple, sang to me when I took a fork full of the mess I made.Just out there good, really if you like or even if you think you may not (as I foolishly did) you must do yourself a favour and try this place out.I recommend either just going there to take out, or going there to sit read a magazine and partake in some form of dreamy goodness.Other than pastries I also spotted some scones, a chocolate moelleux, some banana bread type loaf.  My next trip will involve the purchase of their lemon pie, you have to see it to believe it. So if you need something special to serve or bring as a gift, try these guys out, you will impress.Big desserts need to be ordered in advance so be sure to stop by before your next event.
4	For the final French Patisserie a bit of a mix between modern and rustic would meet us at Patisserie Rhubarbe, a small space with odd hours on a tiny side street - a place you'd miss if you were not looking for it, no doubt.  Owned and operated by pastry chef Stephanie Labelle, a former student of Herme at his Paris flagship the newish space was reportedly quaint according to my friend who recommended it, while the pastries were apparently quite the opposite.Closed Mondays (when we were just down the street at Fromentier) and opening at 11:00am on Tuesday we entered the shop just as they opened and with Labelle and her team just filling the racks our selection was quite limited for a moment so we sat down and browsed the cute space full of knick knacks before the daily display was available and after browsing, chatting with the chef, and weighing or options we each chose an entement while my mother opted for a quartet of macarons before we returned to the car, eating as we walked.Beginning first with the less interesting items, a simple carrot cake was presented as a tall cylinder topped with the lightest cream cheese frosting yet to touch my lips and rife with both carrots and pineapples plus a touch of nuts it was toothsome and quite nice.  Equally nice, a small bar of lemon meringue tarte was the epitome of smoothness with the light meringue and dense lemon forming a lovely mouthfeel atop a crisp butter crust.  Citrus based and thus appealing to my mother, the most interesting aspect of this dish to me was the addition of candied lemon peel and a touch of mint, both subtle but present and giving the dish a sort of freshness that I hadn't expected.  Moving next to the Macarons, only two flavors were available so early in the morning at Rhubarbe and with one lemon and the other maple chocolate walnut it was easy to know who would rave what, though admittedly both were quite good as the crisp cookies gave way to intense fillings, the first nicely sweetened to balance the sour and the second a dense ganache that actually helped to temper the maple rich exterior...or at least seemingly maple-rich until we tasted our last option - a Maple Religeuse with dense impeccable choux stuffed to bursting with rich maple custard and topped with lightly toasted maple sugar plus a crown of impossibly light whipped cream.  One part crunch, one part cream, and over the top sweet this certainly wasn't a pastry for everyone, but for me it was a perfect marriage of traditional French technique and Montreal's most famous ingredient...a must taste to anyone visiting the city who loves both.
5	Why i've waited so long to go here, I don't know why.  Approaching the patisserie, I could already smell the sweet fragrance of pastries.  Upon entering the cozy shoppe and scanning the vitrine of pastries, I knew on the spot that this is IT.  It took 30 seconds to decide to take one of each of the $4-$5 pastries for a total of 7.  Picked up a couple of scones which I am having now.  Delish!  Perfect in its slight sweetness.  Should've picked more up.  Now having a corner of each of the 7 pastries.  After all, these are supposed to be for dessert tonight.  I can't decide which I like best....
4	I like this pastry place a lot! Their pastries are light and fancy. Not overly sweet comparing to other places. They are also very delicate. Some of the pastries have very unique flavours.
4	Niveau saveur: 5 etoiles, honnetement leurs patisseries a la pistache sont juste malades. Du jamais vu pour moi, c'etait une explosion de saveurs. Niveau quantite/prix: 3 etoiles, c'est un peu petit pour le prix. Ca depend de ce que vous prenez, par exemple une verrine au chocolat d'environ 75ml 4,50$. Ca commence a etre cher en #%^%# on se prend pas pour n'importe qui hein! Oui ca vaut le detour, mais pas souvent!
5	This review is for their brunch that my friends and I enjoyed on a Sunday. The place itself is small, cute, and cozy. They have a pretty open-kitchen concept so you can see a lot of the action going on back there. They started us off with a choice of beverages: cafe latte, espresso, house limonade, or orange juice. Then they served us a savory scone (ours had cheddar, fennel, and raisins?), a choice of a main dish, and then a dessert (for us: little mini pots of rhubarb, cream, and some sort of cake with berries baked in it - couldn't really tell but it was delicious)We didn't try any of their pastries but they looked divine. I would highly recommend dropping either for pastries and a coffee, or try their full brunch!
5	Tried their chocolate cake and zucchini cake with passion fruit. Delicious and moist! Well worth many more visits! The rhubarbs pistachio cake and lemon tarts are amazing! The desserts were so amazing that we had to come back for brunch!
5	Montreal has a lot of good pastry shops, and to me, this one is the best. Their desserts are excellent, and they also do a killer brunch on weekends only. I think maybe only Sundays? Can't remember. At any rate, if you are in the area, you should try it.They take reservations for their first seating (around 10 AM?), so if you don't want to wait, call ahead, because they are pretty small.
5	Must try Mille-Feuille!!  It is flaky + smooth + creamy and a bit toasty ! I came across with Patisserie Rhubarbe on a random google search about good eats in Montreal..got there on a sat afternoon, mille-feuille was sold out! Disappointment!! However, the gal who worked there suggested me to place an order and pick up on the next day. what a smart idea! I placed my order right away. On the next day, I went to pick up around 11 am. and Thank God I placed my order the day before,  as the gal told me that all the mille-feuille was all being sold by 10:30 am.  Absolutely one of the best patisserie in Montreal!
