5	I've been waiting to review Monteiths. I love it so much I decided to go back one more time, to experience the whole thing again so it's fresh in my mind.I love Monteiths. It's often described in tourist guides as 'Edinburgh's best kept secret' and it's not wrong! It is sitting just off the Royal Mile and can easily be missed if you don't know where it is. The fairy-lit walkway doesn't seem like much, and the steps down to the restaurant may seem a bit odd at first, but once you're down there, you're never going to want to leave. The bar is tres chic! Very cool and all the furniture is quirky, different and kitsch. They have a very special Banksy on the wall (google him!) of Edinburgh and really cool other features - such as a plastic deer-head and a mini library!But let's get to the good stuff. The food...ok, I hear the point that the portions are small but the food is good. After all, it's quality not quantity! It's proper good, fancy food and tastes as expensive as it is...!  My only criticism would be about the desserts - nothing mouth-watering but hey, a moment on the lips and all that. So maybe it's for the best!Monteiths is the sort of place I would take someone visiting Edinburgh for the first time. It's a really special place, in the summertime the beer garden is beautiful - I'm having my 21st here! It's a very special place!
4	I had absolutely no idea this bar and restaurant existed, such is its inconspicuous location on the Royal Mile, so when I met some friends for dinner here, I was quite delighted by the fairy light draped pathway which leads inside. I'm a sucker for fairy light enchantment, so this put me in a good mood for evaluating the rest of the experience.The interior is very polished art deco style, modern but warm, with purple booths and comfy armchairs. Definitely good for a sly date or two, as it just has that ambience to it. The menu offers fairly classic fare but with a modern spin to it. The scallops and ginger marmalade I had to start were very, very good, as was the loin of pork I had for a main. The bottle of prosecco we ordered had a lovely flavour to it and came with strawberries to taste, which is always a nice touch. Having a meal here could prove to be quite expensive, but you can check out the menu on the website beforehand, and anyway, Monteiths is a pretty different dining experience from most establishments in Edinburgh, so I wouldn't expect prices to be rock bottom.Coming here just for drinks is also a good call, as being slightly hidden away, you can escape the masses of revellers going to other bars in the area. The bar still gets busy at weekends though. The cocktail list has some unique concoctions on it, so if you do come in, make sure you sample one.
4	The small lights and branches on the entryway caught my eye for this restaurant just off the Royal Mile. They offer a good 2-course lunch menu. Yes, the decor is a little quirky (mismatched chairs and all) and the service was a bit slow, but it was a great change from the touristy places along the streets.As for the meal, the Scottish shellfish chowder was divine. It was thick and packed with yummy shrimp, delightful on a chilly day. I decided I couldn't leave Scotland without trying haggis, so this was my day for the adventure. It was good, a bit more of a gourmet take on it, which is why I was willing to try it here :)
4	This was the best Scotish restaurant we have had in our trip to Scotland, it was better than Stravaign in Glasgow in our opinion.  The entrance to the restaurant is through a corridor that has a cannopy of wooden branches lined with small white Christmas tree type lights that give a romantic feel.  Then you go down a set of stairs into the establishment.Once in you find a nicely decorated, warm, feeling bar and restaurant that is dimely lite with dark green walls, candlelight tables.  It is small bu they make it feel inviting.We had the rabbit and chicken liver starter which was moist not dry.  It had a little gamey taste but very pleasant.  I had the preserved duck which was cured for 3-4 days.  It was sliced thin with some nice greens, capers, and some thin slices of cured tomatoe and pickle.  The flavor has a mild pleasant smokey aroma with a sweet vinegary taste.  Very nice, I have never had anything like it.For  our main meal we had the Lamb with sweetbreads.  That was very moist and not dry at all.  The taste was sweet, savory and it had wonderfully crispy seasoned skin. They gave three plentiful portions of Lamb more than my wife could eat.  The sweetbreads were battered and fried with a tasty and sweet flavor.  I had the bone in Rib eye steak with basil butter on top.  That was served with very nice thick cut (one inch) french fries that tasted like they were cooked in duck fat, nice and crisp yet soft in the inside.  The steak was cooked medium rare to perfection.  It was very tender and well seasoned and savory, not just a good quality meat but had some very unique flavors.I had the chocolat mouse with blood orange sorbet.  That was a rich creamy chocolat with a refreshing sorbet.  The other desert was cinimon poached pear which rather small with frozen double cream.
4	Our concierge at The Scotsman, Andrew Boe, recommended and made the reservation for us.  It was a wonderful atmosphere, beginning with the walk in under the fairy lights, to the dark and Christmasy dining room.  We started off with delicious crafted cocktails.  The sazerac sent my husband well on his way to feeling great.  I ordered the Hake and lobster which was wonderfully cooked and just the right portion for the days following the Christmas feast - small but enough to satisfy. The staff was warm, inviting and knowledgeable.  I would highly recommend this non-touristy hidden gem on the Royal Mile.
5	Female Yelper, 35, seeks sophisticated and cosy Bar/Restaurant for drinks, food and maybe more.Desirable qualities include a fairytale entrance with twinkly lights, a warm and cosy interior with gorgeously quirky Scottish castle inspired decor, comfy high-backed leather armchairs, candlelit toilets and a perfectly stocked bar.Must have own smart and knowledgeable waiting staff, an impressive menu of local Scottish produce and delicious cocktails. Am available for breakfast, lunch, dinner and relaxed, luxurious drinks with good chat and mellow background music.Will look forward to meeting you soon x
2	The food in Monteith's was incredibly poor - 1 star fare - although the place is certainly a smart place for cocktails, hence the extra star to bring it up to a 2 star rating.Our view: "Far from being a contemporary take on Scottish cuisine, these dishes did nothing but reinforce the bad stereotypes that have too long plagued our national culinary image. Flavourless, overcooked pabulum is the only phrase that seems to adequately encompass the failings across both courses."My experience was so different to those of others, both here on Yelp and from my group of friends who have also visited, that I can only conclude that it was chef's day off. Certainly, the broth and "rare" roast beef should be avoided when you visit, as these were the dishes I was unfortunate enough to order. Not a place to which I will be returning.
4	Beautiful little restaurant, with a fairytale-like entrance, which I'm sure would make a fabulous place for a date night (even first date material!)I was recommended to go here by my hotel receptionist (the Radisson Blu), who called up and reserved a place for me and practically walked me down the hill to it. As a business traveller, I like to find little places where I can relax in the evening with a book and zone out. Although Monteiths is more of a 'proper' restaurant, they were fine with me doing so and very welcoming and helpful throughout the experience.Bartender was impressive and very knowledgable about cocktails. He said that he hadn't been there long but still managed to recommend some of his favourites from the menu and then made me one. I navigated some of the pricer large meals by getting a starter of smoked salmon and a salad - both lovingly prepared and very large for their haute cuisine nature. The salmon was cured with gin, which sounds weird but was amazing!If I ever come to Edinburgh with my other half, I am bringing him!
4	Monteiths was recommended by our friends who have travelled to Scotland several times.  It was a fantastic recommendation: the food was very good; the atmosphere was beautiful, cozy and romantic -- don't miss the outdoor area for a cocktail, it's heated, so don't worry about the chill; the service was very good, we had a lovely young lady as our server.  She seemed new and a bit tentative at times, but our needs were ultimately met and again, she was gracious and accommodating.I gave the restaurant four out of five stars because that while I thought the food was very good, I thought the chef could be a bit more creative with local fare, which is an outstanding source of fish and seafood.  Highly recommended.
3	Been here several times before and I wanted to give them the benefit of the doubt before reviewing.. they lost.It is such a nice - secluded - location. You go down the steps through an alleyway of crowned greens(ivy?) filled with twinkling fairy lights. First thing you see is their 'outdoor' smoking area and you may miss the actual entrance leading you to the basement of the building.There is the large and well stocked bar and 2 big high back easy chairs as a semi lounge area. Cosy. The furniture is deliberately mismatched - a bit too conscious about that, not the effortless mismatch I noted in other places.As we were a party of two we (like last time) were asked to take place in the pass through area - were everybody will be passing - waiters, guests coming and leaving.. which I declined this time and asked for a table which has less traffic. We were supplied - good - close to the fireplace.This was an 'Voucher Visit' for lunch. Meaning we had to order the starter, main and dessert in one order. We were supplied water laced with cucumber and grapefruit. This is not my favourite fruit but it does made the water taste different. The meal was served promptly and the staff was a little rushed but efficient and very friendly. I was (as with my former visits) not impressed with the food. There is essentially nothing wrong, but nothing really wowed me as I wanted it to be. There was not enough taste. There was not enough presentation, rather under presented. The portions are not enough. - We had the braised beef and white beetroot with trimmings and gravy. The beef was falling apart which I was pleased about, but no taste. The gravy was barely there and my wife had to ask for more. The trimmings were: 1 sprout, 1 baby potato, 1 turnip (undercooked) 1 baby carrot, 1 mini 'pig in blanket' and on the plate and the trimming bowl we had loads of curly kale (blanched) - who are you kidding?Dessert was rolypoly and coconut ice-cream and a my wife had a chocolate cake & mandarin cake. The actual dessert was a chewy rolled poly with jam and vanilla ice-cream covered in coconut flakes, chocolate cake with 2 mandarin parts and a cream cocktail thingy. all nicely presented, all without the mmmm I like this factor. It was all..nice, pleasing, non offensive. Will I go back, actually yes I will. I have such hopes for this place- every time they show us that there is potential, but so far I have been left hanging, wanting for that dish to wow me. NOTE: there is NO wifi or mobile phone signal when in the restaurant - is that a good or bad thing .. I am still unsure. But I understand the no distractions idea of that.
4	Hidden place for drinks at night!I had Cocktail Penecilin, a drink made in Milk and Hoeney in NY, its a great drink with ginger and smokey whiskey on top. It was good, a little weak maybe but steal good!Recomend this place!
4	Small and hidden. Perfect on a rainy day. Luckily for us, it was a gorgeous sunny Scottish day and we still enjoyed it.Mussels were the best we'd had in a while. None of the broth was left.They were very helpful in suggesting gluten-free options for my boyfriend.The only (slight) letdown was we both wished the duck-fat fries were a tad crispier.
5	I forgot how much I love this place until we popped in for drinks on the way down the Mile the other day. I wanted somewhere that wasn't hoaching with tourists. "There's no such place" said the OH ... Then I remembered Montieth's. Hidden down a wee alley, it's easy to miss. The fairylights are a clue that you're in for a treat if you take a gander down. There's a lovely outdoor area & inside a cosy bar & restaurant. Lots of dark paneling & tartan but in a tasteful stately home kind of way rather than tacky tourist-Ville.We almost had the place to ourselves. There was one small group of ladies having cocktails at the bar. The cocktail menu is great and the bar staff know their drinks. I asked for a gin cocktail & after being asked a few questions to find out my likes & dislikes the apple bramble swizzle was recommended. It was delicious & went down a treat. I could've had another but I didn't want to turn up to the photo exhibition a wee bit tipsy ;-)The last time we were here was in the winter. The fires were lit & it was a Cody retreat from the winter weather raging outside. This place is a definitely a secret worth keeping.
4	I visited this place for dinner on my last trip to Edinburgh.My cousin had organised a family dinner, and we all pre-selected our 3-course meal from their Christmas menu prior to that evening. It' a lovely little gem that's located just off the Royal Mile, where you will reach the entrance to the restaurant after walking down a cute fairy light-lit pathway.I had the Merry Metropolitan cocktail from the festive list, just you know, to get into the festive mood!Each of us had ordered different dishes from each of the courses so that we could have a taste of everything - sharing is caring!For the starters, I especially liked my selection which was the seared salmon - kedgeree bon bon, carrot and star anise puree. I love kedgeree, and these kedgeee bon bons were just too cute and delicious.For mains, my favourite was the duck confit - it's usually one of my favourite selections from any menu, because who doesn't love duck confit...Desserts were good as well, particularly the chocolate delice - rich, creamy and very indulgent.I can't comment on their regular menu, but overall I enjoyed their festive menu.The place was obviously quite busy and crowded considering it was around Christmas time, but it's a lovely, cosy little setting that's worth a visit.More photos here: http://dancing-in-high-heels.blogspot.co.uk/2013/12/monteiths-edinburgh.html
5	Cozy downstairs space to get away from the Royal Mile hustle. Had a great roast chicken lunch. Modern Scottish decor that doesn't feel touristy at all. Full bar. Would be good for lounge cocktails at night too.
5	Stumbled upon this restaurant on my recent visit to Edinburgh, the restaurant itself is tucked away and if it was not for a friend noticing a sign for it we would of carried on walking to find another restaurant....The entrance to the restaurant is beautiful! An arched walk way made of bamboo sticks and tree lights. Once inside we were plesently surprised very cosy looking and the bar was fully stocked an added bonus!The food was amazing I got a burger with chunky fries and the cocktails were amazing as well.Only slight downfall service was a bit slow however the restaurant was busy.
