1	They use to be great but I think they're under new management. The place needed upkeeping while 3 employees were hanging out talking without greeting customers. Customers needed help and they weren't approached. They even announced over the speaker "your girlfriend is on the line".  They no longer offer the cat food I purchase in a case so I waste my time counting out 48 cans. I asked the employee about this and his response was "the manager wants the cases open" . Location is great but I'd rather drive 6 miles to the next closest Petco to me.
5	I love this Petco for its wide selection of products and GREAT customer service. Anything we ever need was here and a lot of their dog treats and toys are really affordable. When we first adopted our dog, they gave us a coupon book for discounts on a bunch of products and services for adopting!I love their dog trainers best. The first time we went with our dog, we had just adopted her and wanted to get her some toys and treats. We ran into a trainer and she just started giving us tips and advice on training our dog. It was basically a free lesson! Our dog learned "sit" and "down" in a few tries! I could tell that she genuinely loved being with dogs and training them. When we finally signed up for training classes, they were affordable and the trainers are very knowledgeable and professional. It was a little over $100 for 6 weeks of courses, and we're welcome to attend more if we wanted. Since we started teaching our dog the basics, we pretty much saved three weeks of classes, which allows us to get into more advanced tricks. This is sooo much of a better deal than some private training classes that could run up to $100/hour! After our first class, the trainer even gave us a free bag of training treats instead of making us buy our own.Their grooming services are also pretty inexpensive in comparison to other places. We really go in once a month, and the groomers are always really gentle and patient. I'm really glad we have this Petco near us. We're pretty new to pets, so having them as a resource is really great. Definitely like it better than Petsmart haha.
5	Love going in here. Staff is always so helpful and I always end up finding more than what I came in for. I must say that this is my favorite store of them all,, but overall I get very consistent helpful customer service at every Petco that I go into.
2	About a month ago, I convinced my husband to do the unthinkable - adopt a cat! This was a feat that was not easy, since he doesn't like them. So we go to this Petco. I will tell you that I have given this place two stars ONLY because the guy helping us was super friendly. We held all of the 5 cats they had and fell in love with a darling kitty. For various reasons, we were unable to bring her home that night, so we asked if we could put her on hold. The guy said no, but took our names/number down to alert us if anybody was interested. He told us she had been there the longest, so we should be in the clear to pick her up tomorrow. So I spend all night thinking about her, what I'll name her, and how my life will be infinitely better with her. So, the next morning, I get up and get ready to go adopt this absolutely darling cat that, in my heart and head, was mine. So I call to let them know I'm coming in to get her and - get this - SHE HAS BEEN ADOPTED. Oh, and get this - they used my husband and I wanting to adopt her as leverage to get this other family to adopt her. In their words, "We told this family that you guys wanted to adopt her today, so we said that if they wanted to do it, they need to do it now." They straight up played us! (Although I don't think it was the guy's fault who helped us initially.)I cried. That cat was mine! What happened? Oh yeah, these jerks used me to sell her to someone else.On the bright side, we have adopted and completely fallen in love with a cat from PETSMART. She is sitting with me now writing this review and I love her. And also, my husband loves her. So suck it, Petco!
3	This Petco has been around for years. If I had to choose between large chain pet supply store Petco or Petsmart, I'd choose Petsmart. I prefer Petsmart's selection of food for not just dogs and cats, but for small animals such as guinea pigs and rabbits. While it would be nice if both retailers showed only rescue pets for all the animals at the store, not just dogs and cats, I had a negative experience at this particular location where, as a kid, I saw a mama hamster cannibalize her young! I'm not sure if it had to do with the living conditions or if hamsters just do this on their own, but it was pretty disgusting. -In general, for small animal supplies (Such as rabbits and guinea pigs), Petsmart is alright, although you can get better prices at Tranquility Trail rescue (And help out needy orphan bunnies at the same time!). Tranquility Trail also has dog and cat supplies, but I haven't really checked out the brands there.-For dog and cat supplies, the best places I've found are Sunflower Pet Supply and Pet Planet
5	Many people from The Lakes and other neighborhoods around here go to this pet shop. There is a vet next door and the shop includes a groomer. Along with the standard products, they stock great natural products, including natural diet, supplements for pets, etc. Competitive prices, coupons, dedicated and helpful staff.
3	Willing to offer assistance from the moment you walk through the doors.  Decent variety of products.  They have shifted everything in the store since I was in last.  Still have Dick Van Patten beef, chcken, and lamb rolls.  Not cheap.  Yeesh.But my birthday girl and her boy gotta have special treats to celebrate and their Mom takes such great care of them so I deliver their favorite yummies.Also want to mention that the MOD was helpful in getting me set up with feeding my beastlies and saving some money.  PetsMart may have lost my business.  Hoping this works well for more than one time.
3	they close kinda early....and to tell the truth, if your going to take you pet to get shots...expect to wait a long time in line. a looong time
5	This review is for the mobile vet staff that does the vaccination clinics at Petco every Tuesday evenings. They are AMAZING. I have a dog that is temperamental around other dogs and can be dog aggressive when she gets stressed out. They completely understood and offered to go into another aisle to do the shots. They took their time allowing my dog warm up to them before they did any shots and were very patient. Great staff and very friendly! Vaccines are offered in packages at a discounted price.
4	What do they always say? Petco, it is where the Pets go! Well, they were all here on this day. It was the day of the Vet clinic. So there were a lot of nice dogs there and even a Ferret. All to get their check ups and shots no doubt.I stopped in to get some Blue Buffalo Dog food. It is a good place to find it here.The store is clean and the staff is good.Only one thing seems a bit different than PetsMart and that is they have no treats for the dogs at the check outs. I mean the free treats that they give out to your pups.It is not a big thing but, just something different.I really think that it is great that they have a Vet Clinic here. It was a Tuesday, so it is every Tuesday evening.
5	This review is for grooming. We started bringing our little furry child here after a terrible experience with another groomer in the same area. I called first to talk about what happened to our baby-she is a Brussels Griffon mix...probably with some Yorkie-she practically got scalped at a different groomers when all they were suppose to do was bathe her. I told Kristin what happened and she assured me that she would only do what I asked of her-she sounded so genuine on the phone-so caring.We were a hesitant but our baby was smelling a bit gamey-she hates bathes which is why I didn't just so it myself-and she needed her nails done and her 'stache and brows trimmed. Finally I got brave and made an appointment with Kristin.What a special gal she is! OMG she carried our fur-baby around and got to know her. She spent a long time with her-calming her fears and mine too.Kristin (at the Tempe location on Guadalupe and McClintock) is amazing!!! We found the most wonderful groomer for our baby girl. After the terrible experience we had down the road a bit-we have the best groomer ever! And the staff here is awesome! The store is clean-everyone is friendly. We spent so much time trying to find a posh salon for our fur-baby and we found the best at Petco!
5	This review is for the shot clinic that's inside this store on Tuesdays. Very fast and efficient, tech was knowledgeable and will answer questions if asked. No up-sells or trying to guilt you into buying more than you need; they don't have time for that. Being fast, however, does not equal bad service. One of my dogs was a little skittish and the vet took her time calming her down before doing the shots.  If you go for the shot clinic, definitely go early. I got there slightly after 5 and the line was already 30 min long.
5	Very friendly staff! They were very kind and caring to my dog, who is deathly afraid of the nail clippers for some reason. We were in and out quickly and no crying from my dog at all! Thank you again to the Petco staff!
5	Friendly and helpful. Was in the store today and in less than 30 seconds someone approached to help me find allergy meds for my dog.  Thanks for the service!
5	Very friendly and helpful staff. Clean and organized. Me and my pooch Carlos are signed up for class in a couple weeks. Can't wait!
