5	Great person to deal business with.  Very reasonable rates and does a good job.  Nice and knowledgeable.  Honest and sincere and recommend to those that need a handyman!
5	Doug is great! Very professional and handy at everything I've ever asked him to do. He's a great help to me and I plan to keep using him :)
5	Very professional and exceptionally responsive.  Working with handyman services was a pleasant experience. Upon my call he made time to address a major water leak in the sprinkler system within a day. He is very competitively priced and provided feedback as he progressed as well as when complete. As an out of town homeowner with a rental property he is my first and top choice for maintenance issues.  Doug provides outstanding service and comes with my highest recommendation.
5	Doug was excellent!  I called on Saturday evening around 5pm to schedule an appointment for early Sunday morning.  He wasn't available but said he would see what he could do.  Sent me the contact information for an associate of his that handles his overflow.  The associate was Ken and he was just as friendly and professional as Doug.  He showed up on time and quoted us a good price.  Will definitely use again!
5	Doug was so helpful and polite from the get-go.  I needed a job done asap and  while Doug was booked solid, he referred me to an associate (Rob) who was punctual, polite, and did an excellent job of installing grab bars in my father's bathroom.  You can't go wrong with Handyman Services and I will definitley  be recommending them to the neighbors.
4	Great communication, very kind and respectful, got the job done well and came the same day. Didn't know we had to paid to pay for our own materials and the job ended up being $30 more than originally priced. That being said I would definitely call them again and trust them to take the time to do a good job
5	Doug Cacciola fixed my broken shower diverter and tub spout. I bought all the parts, so his bill was just labor and saved me some bucks. Took 20 minutes and he brought all the tools he needed. Even cleaned a hairball out of the drain for me, lol.  Doug seems real chill like a hippy dude, and he's my Go-To Guy when I get in over my head on house projects. :-)
3	Not great. Spilled paint on my carpet, slow work and didn't clean up very well after job.
5	Doug was excellent! Definitely a handyman.  I called a few different places to get estimates on some work that had to be done around the house.  One company wanted to delegate out and run up the price for almost every little thing, but not Doug.  He came, talked about each issue and got it done himself.  Doug was efficient in communicating, scheduling us in to get it done and doing the job in a timely manner.  He's nice, and we were able to joke around and enjoy having him work on the house.  Doug went the extra mile in getting us the parts we needed, and helping us make the right decisions on how to fix things. We will be using him again and keep his number saved as he is our go to handyman now.  Thanks Doug!
5	I called Doug about a busted doorjamb, among other things, and he connected me to his associate, Ken. Ken was available the very next day and arrived at the scheduled time. The price was fair, he was very thorough with his work, and the job was done fast. Excellent handyman, this is who I'll be going to from now on.
1	Doug has worked for me for about 4-5 years, doing A LOT OF WORK. Now that his business has grown, I asked him for a bid on my backyard the last week of May, which I wanted to have completed around the 15 of June, give or take a few days longer if necessary. After sending several reminder emails asking for the quote, TODAY I get an email that he is too busy to do it!  One week before I wanted it done!So much for customers that always gave him work and sent referrals.
5	I call Doug and he send his Co worker Ken, he did a very good job and fast the most important is he  gave me a very good price. I'm very happy with his work.
5	I called Doug yesterday and he was very nice and professional and able to get someone out the same day. He sent his guy Don over to my rental property to switch out several electrical outlets and paint a wall. My tenant was very happy with the final product and Doug gave me a very reasonable price on the work that was done. Since I am out of state, I appreciate the level of communication that both Doug and Don kept with me throughout the process. I definitely recommend Doug and his crew and will absolutely use him again.
5	Many times, I'll either do work myself or just put up with it not getting done because the process is so tedious it's not worth it. However, I am in the process of some major redecorating (new flooring, new kitchen and bath all at the same time) and realized I needed help. After doing my research here on Yelp and also on Google reviews, I finally bit the bullet and made contact with Doug through Yelp messaging. I think it was about 24 hours later I got a reply. When the quote I asked for came out higher than I had hoped for, I contacted Doug by phone asking if there was some way we could work around that number by doing a portion of the work myself. Doug was easy to talk to and seemed like he'd work with me, so we set up arrangements (first, for a colleague, to come and modify an IKEA bathroom vanity, and then for Doug to come himself and tile a countertop for my vanity.)There were some minor issues with the colleague which I addressed somewhat with that person and later with Doug, whose immediate response was an offer to make it right. Right there: 5 stars. Doug patiently worked with me to get exactly what I wanted for the countertop, even though I was not the best at conveying my desires and was asking for something that Doug, himself, wasn't sure would be the best option (durability-wise; thankfully we don't have children at home and are pretty easy on our home furnishings). In the end, I got exactly what I wanted (It looks great!) and it was super easy to work with Doug. He put up with my crazy schedule, cleaned up after himself every time he left the house (this project took multiple days), was courteous in asking if scheduling would work for me. He even contacted me when I'd needed a break from the work (going out of town) to touch base and see if I was ready to proceed after my scheduled return! Now that his work here is done, I'm extremely pleased with how it all turned out and planning my next project for when budget allows.
