4	Fast and friendly lunchtime service. In and out in less than 30min. Food hot and fresh! The staff make you feel as if you are important and even remember regular customers and what they order. There was a postman that arrived after I did, the waitress greeted him, and told him his regular order, and he said it was correct. I will go here whenever I am in the area and want Pizza!
5	Tonight we've received the most outstanding service from Dez. She is awesome and so attentive.  And that's just the icing on the 'pizza,' the pizza was so good and the place was nice and clean!  Way to go Dez! Thanks so much!
1	It is Sunday night and I put in my order online. it said it would take 20 minutes and it would be ready at 11:51 PM so I drove there as fast as I could and got there at 11:54 and to my surprise they had already closed even though their hours say till 12:00 . I understand everyone is trying to go home BUT you can't make customers drive all the way to you even though you told them their order will be in at 11:51, arrive before closing hours and just pretend they aren't there. That is completely wrong! Either change your store hours or serve customers until your posted store hours are marked. Especially if you know a customer is coming in. I am very displeased!
1	HORRIBLE service received yesterday. I had to repeat my order probably five times to the gentlemen that took my order via phone, "two medium pizzas with honey siracha DRIZZLE on top and a cheese personal pan pizza." I checked the pizza when I got there and it seemed fine however when I finally got home and bit into the pizza I realized instead of the honey siracha DRIZZLE I ordered for on TOP my WHOLE pizza was honey siracha sauce, so NO marinara sauce....didn't even know you could order it like that or even know who would. It's a shame because I order offen, myself online usually, and the two times I have called to place the order to use my daughter school "free personal pan pizza coupon" that same gentlemen screwed my order up each time. Will go to papa johns now!
