4	New kid on the block, but what a welcome addition it is for any foodie in the QC!Earl's Grocery is something like a little local Dean & Deluca- lots of small batch, high-end chips, dips, and other edibles along with a pretty mean selection of artisan cheeses and meats and a deli counter with some of the fanciest delved eggs to be found in the deep South.  But that's not all, there's coffee and espresso with a handful of tempting baked desserts: think cookies, cakes and pies. There's also a small deli counter with a menu of sandwiches that go far beyond what you'd see at most any other sub shop. The pork banh mi was packed with tender meat and flavors of the veggies and sauce that melded well.  Not authentic, but plenty tasty.  A grilled cheese with hoop cheddar, arugula and picked peaches was also notable for its uniqueness and lightness, which is a good option in the warmer weather.Pair any of those with the small but able wine or craft beer selection and it would be easy to while away an afternoon here.  No alcohol? No problem, as there are a number of waters, still, and sparkling beverages to pick up in the coolers as well.There's a small selection of tables and chairs up front, at the windows, and the store feels quite open and spacious.  This is a fine addition to the neighborhood and it's great to have another option for picking up small provisions for parties and social gatherings.  This is the kind of place that's also dangerous to a wallet, as shopping with your eyes is bound to leave you picking up things you never knew you needed- from artisan crackers to small batch caramels to locally roasted coffee.  This is a hall of temptations and it, thus far, tastes very good!
5	This new neighborhood gem is on Elizabeth and next to the Visualite. I saw on my Facebook feed that Earl's does breakfast. My husband and I checked it out today and were not disappointed! He got the duck confit hash that comes with two fried eggs and I devoured the grit bowl. What's that you ask? Deliciousness. They make their own kimchee and they top grits with white cheddar, the kimchee, some greens and pulled pork. Jeeeeezus. Loved it. Served nice and hot! You put in your order and they make it fresh for you, call your name and you grab a table. They also have a barista station where you can get coffee or tea and a baked good. We got a coffee cake muffin on the way out. We also purchased Harissa, wine, Hellfire Bitters, artisan chocolate and items from the deli for dinner tomorrow; meatloaf, Mac n cheese and kimchee greens. Can't wait!
4	Earl's is a great addition to the neighborhood. Great place to poke around, get a meal, hang out with a laptop, or grab some provisions. They have a good deli selection of meats and sides, an olive bar, decent selection of wine, cheese, pasta, and other upscale treats. I saw everything from humus to chicken sausage to gelato and coffee.Spacious and welcoming, I would love to come here on an afternoon with my laptop and a cup of coffee. They also have a deli with a small selection of plates and sandwiches. Everything looked unique and delicious, but I unfortunately did not make the right decision. The pork bahn mi wasn't terrible, but not something I'd order again. I much prefer a traditional bahn mi with sliced pork, my failure to choose the wrong item, really.Come check this place out... Lots to offer!
4	Upscale Deli, Grocery, which will have something you will like.  Earl's is a neat place to grab lunch or pick up something niche to eat and drink later.  I stopped over myself for lunch, and was pleasantly surprised at the offerings.  1st, I was greeted by a awesome coffee counter, which made a splendid Americano (My 1st good one in a while).  Then I was immediately distracted but the pastries and cupcakes, which made my mouth drool a bit. Steeling my reserve, I passed up the cupcakes (abet sadly) and headed to deli bar to place my order for a Bah Mi Pork sandwich.  Sandwiches were made fresh on the spot and they seemed to be using a local or in-house bread.    While my sandwich was being made, I was free to wonder through the wines and beer selections. The choices were good, and to my surprise, they had a couple niche ginger beers as well. If your are around, stop by and check it out, I am sure you will find something there that will peak your interest, but beware it can also take a good bite out of your wallet.
5	Awesome spot on Elizabeth Ave! Extremely kind and helpful staff, affordable unique products and awesome food!! Duck hash super tasty and Cali-style breakfast burrito AMAZING!!! Wine by the glass, bottles w $2 corkage fee and nice selection of beers. We will definitely be back time and time again!
1	This place looked to have a lot of promise... sadly, I found it grossly overpriced and after trying one of the raved-about dishes, I complained to find it very poorly cooked. The owner was incredibly rude and unapologetic. Not only will I not be bringing my business here, but i could not imagine working for her (it appears to be young college kids employed throughout.) At a glance, looked great - with a great location - sadly, I cannot see this place lasting long and do not recommend it. I would be a bit more forgiving if the owner wasn't such a rude & unsympathetic person. It's a shame!
5	I usually like to wait to write reviews until I have a really good handle on the menu and try numerous things, but Earl's has so much it's going to take forever to get to that point, so I'll just proceed. First, Earl's is a spacious, clean, upscale, minimalist place that is perhaps misnamed. I would have called it Earl's Provisions, but they didn't call me for branding advice. Anyway it's probably not going to be somewhere you would ever go for a week's ingredients. However it *would* be somewhere you would go for getting something special if you're having people over or want something different. Their prepared food section has tons of unique side dishes and they have a wonderful pickle bar (wish it was even bigger!) for appetizer/antipasto type of goodness. As others mentioned, the also have a deli counter that in addition to sandwiches also have a "warm bowl" of fried rice with turkey meatballs (delish), and *cold* noodle bowl with mild chile lime tofu and the most wonderful picked cabbage. [ I did note to the manager I thought the noodles should be warm as well because they're really cold. ] I've not tried the breakfast, but I definitely will. Their coffee counter and juice counter is always staffed by the most enthusiastic friendly women (and unlike the lady with the bad experience, when I didn't care for something, the manager apologized profusely and immediately gave me something else and comped me). They have almond milk at the coffeebar which is appreciated and the juices are delicious. I highly recommend the Earl's refresher!As others mentioned, they also have all kinds of gourmet treats, charcuterie, fromage and drinks, so it's a perfect place to assemble a gift basket (or just a gift!)In addition, it's a quiet, spacious place with lots of seating (and free Wifi) so for me it's a fantastic place for a coffee meeting. It's kind of the "not so common" market. I hope they consider opening a 2nd location!
5	This place is great. Wonderful staff and selection of adult beverages. We requested for the windows open and the owner happily accommodated our request. Plan on going back again!
4	Street food, beer and groceries? YES please! Oh and a coffee bar... STOP! I love this place sooooo much! Great spot to hang out and get some lunch time work done or meet the girls for wine and cheese. I love putting gift bags together here too. All the local products and interesting jars of sauces are so much fun. The olive bar is super impressive. The staff is friendly and knowledgeable; always there to help. I could spend hours shopping here. Order the No. 6. Trust me.
4	I've only been here once, but I like it. They offer a variety of prepared foods, sweets, coffee, tea, cool sodas, meats, cheeses, etc. I like that you can order food and eat it there, as well. On this visit I had a banh mi. I wanted to see their take on it. And while I like Le's Sandwiches in Asian Corner mall 1,000 times better, this was a nice American BBQ pork version of it. Overall, it's definitely more than I want to spend on food for lunch, especially in such a casual place, but I'll be back. Ooh, that blueberry soda in the picture was delicious!
4	So I've been here now for lunch twice and brunch once:Biscuits and gravy: delicious and a huge portion for $5. Can't wait to try the chorizo biscuits and gravy.Warm grit bowl with fried green tomato chow chow: huge portion. Glad I added turkey meatballs or else it would have been a little bland. A+ with the addition. Chorizo would have been even better.Duck confit hash: unique, big portion, fresh. Wish they had a little more duck and a little less beet. Otherwise fantastic.Bahn mi: traditional bahn mi fans might not enjoy this play on the the sandwich with BBQ instead of slices.My go to lunch or coffee spot, especially on a nice day.
5	We discovered Earl's today and what a great find! Awesome little gourmet grocery/eatery with an awesome selection of unique products, made to order sandwiches and salads. Baked goods and coffee looked amazing as well! Really diverse array of wines and beers and great seating area in a modern but cozy atmosphere. Staff couldn't have been friendlier and were generous with the free samples. We will be back here very soon and very often. Definitely check it out!
3	Don't get me wrong, I like new places that open near me and try to support them as much as possible. I have been to Earl's grocery on numerous occasions now. I have been to check it out when the fresh paint smell was still there. I have been for lunch, I've tried their coffee and I have been back a few times to buy specific products that I believe only they offer. Without a doubt, the best thing that they do is offer specialty products to include fancy sodas, sauces and cooking ingredients. They have a cheese and charcuterie counter, as well as meals or food ready to take home and eat, kind of like Dean and Deluca. They also have a lot of interesting stuff in the frozen section like non dairy ice cream that the wife loves and as she should because it's made with delicious coconut milk for those plagued with a lactose aversion. That was the good part. The not so good part is the lunch options. The rice bowl was good, but not great. The banh mi sandwich was filled with dry pulled pork and less than ideal. All of which was at a premium price. Trust me, I don't mind paying for good food. In fact, people would easily tell me that I have a problem if they knew my threshold for paying for a good meal. The lunch offerings are not up to the price point in my opinion, and I am not even taking portion size into the equation. I am only taking straight up quality into consideration here. The worst part of my experiences at Earl's is by far the coffee or at least the 2 versions of americano that I have been offered. The first version was very weak in flavor and taste. The second was an exercise in confusion as the server seemed confused on the operation of the espresso machine. Only a small amount of water was added to my drink and I was offered more if I wanted, but I opted not to add anymore to see if this version was more flavorful. It was not. My service experience has been anywhere from full on exuberance to mild indifference. The most consistent service comes from the cheese lady or at least the lady that works the middle section of cheese and deli counters. Would I make a second attempt at lunch at Earl's? Definitely, but I'm seriously concerned with facing strike two and three all at once. I hope that they can turn around the weak points that I've experienced. Ultimately, the trolley project may sink them or at least they will have the perfect scapegoat.
3	I like this little place.  Yes, parking can be troublesome I imagine during certain times but side roads offer some decent size lots and side street parking.  If you park along Elizabeth during the workday weekdays you will have to park in a metered spot probably.The interior is a little small but that's OK.  The offerings range from pre-made foods to freshly prepared sandwich and salad offerings as well as specialty soups.  I browsed the beer selection and it also seems pretty solid.  They offer a wide range of wine as well.Seating is in the front of the place and while I was there near 12:30 pm it looked pretty packed and obviously a popular lunch spot.Don't come here looking for your traditional groceries, this is more along the lines of a Common Market/Health Home Foods Market hybrid.  Nice addition to the area.
4	With a name like "Earl's" you'd think the place would be a "common man" sort of place. Not so much--Earl's is a high-end grocery and eatery taking full advantage of its location in the heart of top bracket Elizabeth. Still, if you know what you're getting into, it's a nice place to grab a bite to eat and pick up some fancy cheese--if you're in to that sort of thing.As far as on-site eating, Earl's has a salad bar, hot bar, and grill/sandwich station. There are 6 - 7 standard meals plus a few daily specials. These are all specialty sandwiches with high-quality ingredients and interesting combinations. I had the Korean pork belly tacos, which were delicious. The tomato soup is also very good.Service is relatively good, although it does seem like they're still getting their bearings (I think it opened within the last year or so).All in all a nice place to grab lunch as a pricey treat, but not really a "grocery" except in a rather narrow, expensive sense of the word.
3	Very Friendly Staff. Food was good, a little overpriced. Had a burger and my friend had the pimento grilled cheese sandwich. Yummy pastries.
4	Real neat place, lots of specialty food items. A good selection of Southern products. Callie's biscuits, Jack Rudy mixers and the like. Cheese and meat counter, wine area, sandwich counter. The staff is pleasant and helpful to a first timer like myself. They have fresh juice and coffees, breakfast and lunch, seating to stay. I'll be back!
