3	Ordered Chicken Tikka Masala and Chana Masala for delivery while I was holed up in my dorm, working on a late-night project.The food is a lot saltier and less interesting than I remembered.  I've had better experiences ordering from them, so I'll give 3 stars instead of 2, but the sauces weren't great.  Chickpeas were pretty good, but there was too much onion for my tastes.Ordering through CampusFood.com was convenient as usual, and the delivery guy was polite for the whole three seconds he was standing there.
4	This is a pretty good quality Indian. I didn't have the buffet but I ordered off the menu. I had the lamb vindaloo with an onion kulcha, the vindaloo was spicy and sour as I expected.
3	Not great, but definitely A-OK.  Most of the vegetarian entrees are $9.99 and a handful are $10.99 through Campus Food.  Samosas were 2 for $3.50 and they are kind of small, but that was really the only disappointing aspect.  There is a vegetarian appetizer platter that comes with one samosa, about four mixed vegetable pakoras, and a big aloo kachori.  This was really yummy and only $1.50 more than an order of samosas.  The vegetable korma was very good and flavorful.  My order randomly came with an apple - for dessert? - so that was cool.  The food came in less time than expected, and the portions were big enough to have plenty of leftovers.  The vegetarian thali sounds like a lot of food, and is a lot for one but not quite enough for two.  It comes in a divided tin tray - half dal, then about 1/4 matar paneer and 1/4 aloo gobhi or chana masala.   Their matar paneer is very good - I'm not sure if they use fresh peas, but they have an interesting pop that frozen peas don't have.  The thali also comes with roti, papadum (ours were missing), raita, and one gulab jamun.  Everything was good, just not as much food as we were expecting.I would definitely order from here again.
2	Decent but terribly inconsistent food. I've had some great dishes and some terrible ones, I love chaat and 3 out of 4 times it was great, but once it was just a fried greasy mess (in a bad way, not in the good way it usually is.) Once the matar paneer was great, once it was oversalted and the peas were just plain bad. I don't know how they do it, but it's a coinflip between good food and an oversalted overcooked bowl.Either way, portions are generous.
4	Visited their lunch buffet this past weekend, and I was pleased.  I don't think it is the best Indian buffet in Pittsburgh (I prefer Taste of India by Children's Hospital) but it was good.  They had four vegetarian dishes (chana masala, pakoras soaking in curry sauce, palak paneer, and an eggplant dish), three chicken dishes (chicken tikka masala, tandoori chicken and chicken curry), pakoras, papadums, a salad bar, and gulab jamuns.  The eggplant dish was my favorite.  The buffet is $7.99, and we got two $2 off coupons after we paid.  The only downside is a lot of their dishes contain nuts, even the ones you wouldn't expect like vegetable korma and paneer tikka masala.  If you have allergies, just ask them to leave the nuts out - I have never found any in my dishes once I started asking the cook to omit them.  I also have been ordering from here about once a week and I think they are reasonably priced, the portions are big, their delivery is reliable (they're rarely late and they've occasionally been up to half an hour early), and the food is good.  I'm definitely a big fan.
1	my husband and I really love Indian food and before we moved here from Baltimore we'd order it via delivery pretty frequently. So we decided to give this place a shot. Calling the order in was painful, The person who was taking the order had us repeat numbers frequently and even after spelling Walnut twice, he still did not seem sure that he knew what we were telling him. We should have taken this as a sign.I ordered palak paneer - my favorite - what arrived was very different - something with peas and it was orange instead of green. When we called in to complain the person who answered the phone did not understand what the problem was and passed the phone to someone else who argued with us telling us we did not order palak paneer but what I found out later to be mata paneer. I've never even heard of this - we did not have a menu and just ordered our favorites.  Instead of trying to make the situation right, by replacing the food or offering to remove the wrong dish from our bill ,they offered the next entree free. We continued with dinner and immediately we knew this was the worst Indian carry out we'd ever had. the sauces were really thin and tasted weird. The cheese in my dish had a really off texture compared to the dozen or so places I've ordered this dish from. Since I had never tried mata paneer before maybe it is supposed to taste like a lot of sugar was added. I do, however, know that Tikka Masala is not supposed to taste sour. We had asked for both to be medium spicy but the chef must have put the spice in twice, it was so hot that it was barely edible. The garlic and regular nan, on the other hand, was excellent. The rice that came with it lacked all of the cardamon pods etc in it that I've always had with indian carry out.... it was just plain, really dry, unseasoned rice.After tossing out most of it both of us felt very ill and bloated after the meal, i really thought I was going to vomit. Between the service and the lack of quality of the meal, we will never order from this place again. They can keep their free entree.
3	Straight down the middle.I tried the lunch buffet to get a sense of their style of Indian cuisine and found that it was well stocked; appeared to be clean and sanitary; and with a good amount of options. At bat for the veg team were vegetable korma, palak paneer, channa masala, and pakora masala. Assisting were vegetable pakoras, plain naan, basmati rice,  papadam, raita, salad fixings, a good assortment of chutneys (about 5), and fountain drinks included in the buffet price. Batting cleanup were galub jamun and rice pudding. Quite a spread, especially considering there were also about 4 meatalicious entrees all for about $8.99. I'm not sure if the special runs everyday, but 10% is taken off if you are a local student and show ID.So, why the A-OK rating? While items of concern such as service, cleanliness, atmosphere, etc. were as they ought to be, the food taste didn't have the spark that I look for in my dining experiences. I honestly appreciated that there were veg dishes that had a little spice to them and that there were so many options, but their curry interpretations are very creamy, which just isn't my bag. To each their own, and this may be right up your alley.
1	I think I can safely say this is the worst Indian Food in Pittsburgh. They do a good lunch business with the Hospital, mostly visitors who don't know better, but they do have their fans. The decor is outdated and dirty, and the meat quality leaves much to be desired.
4	I come here for the buffet but I only eat one thing really and it is that bright orange sauce with chicken.  Don't know what it is called but I love it.  Put it on rice with a side of the bread and I am set.  I don't really care for anything else here honestly.
3	I live a block away from Prince so I eat here frequently, but that's more a matter of convenience and price over taste.I usually opt for the dinner buffet, as it includes made to order naan at a fairly low price ($9 for eat in and $7 for takeout). The food at the buffet is hit or miss. The chicken tikka masala is acceptable but too creamy, and the chicken can be dry. Their tandoori chicken is great compared to other Oakland Indian spots, and the chicken curry is a bit bland but the chunks of dark meat chicken are tender and juicy.Vegetable entrees usually fare better than the meats. Chana (chickpeas) are meaty and hearty, the rajma (kidney beans) is spicy and bold, and most other vegetable offerings are decent albeit a bit greasy.Fresh naan is the best part of the meal, it's soft with a decent amount of char for a texturally rich bite. Don't order off the menu, the food isn't a big step up from the buffet and is overpriced (unless you get the tandoori meats, which are prepared quite well). Go to India Garden, Star of India, or Tamarind instead for a la carte.The dining room is surprisingly quiet yet very dimly lit, probably to save money on electric bills. Hindi music videos play on the TV, and they have a fridge appropriately stocked with Four Loko.In summary, go for cheap prices and middle of the road Indian food. Other Oakland Indian joints may do slightly better food, but not at such a great price.
5	The bright orange stuff is the Chicken Tikka Masala.  It's pretty darn tasty here.  I've always only came here for the buffet so I can't comment on their menu.  The price is just right. It makes me sad that everytime I come here there is no one else there.  Plus they heavily discount their dinner dishes.  If I lived closer and parking was easier, I'd eat here more often.
4	Yum!
2	The food here tastes pretty good, and the prices look pretty reasonable, until you realize you're mostly paying for sauce and rice.  While all restaurants have an incentive to skimp on more expensive ingredients, the extent to which Prince of India holds back on key ingredients is insulting to diners and destroys what seems like a good value.The menu boasts excellent variety, but a non-vegetarian thali with lamb curry came with only five tiny pieces of lamb (the sum of which would be 2 pieces at many competitors), and the tandoori mixed grill--which the menu says includes chicken, lamb, and shrimp--came with but a single shrimp of unimpressive size.The food isn't bad, but it's hard not to leave feeling like you got a little ripped off.  If I return, it will only be for the buffet.
4	The Malai Kofta was delicious.  There are tons of vegetarian options.  Parking sucks in Oakland, especially at dinner time, but it was worth it to brave the hassle for such yummy food.
4	I've only been for the dinner buffet but it's been good enough that I've been several times, leaving each time fuller than the last. This buffet has a smaller selection than others I've been to but the quality and taste of the dishes is AWESOME. You even get your own basket of naan with the buffet price (which is very affordable). Service is dependable too!
3	A lot of people complain about the food, but I don't think it's that terrible.The food could be spicier, but I'm a spice freak when it comes to Indian food. I expect my tongue on fire after leaving. The selection isn't that wide either, but for Indian buffet's it was okay. The price wasn't worth the quality of the food. :/
1	I went to this place for a lunch buffet on a Saturday.Everything from the appetizers to the dessert was stale, probably a few days old. The quality was pathetic and had a lot of potential to make you really sick. The Naan was visibly stale, let alone the taste of it. I shall not go there again.
2	I won't be back. The food was OK, but the temperature of the food coming off the buffet was not what I would consider safe. I won't press my luck by going back.
2	Definitely the worst Indian lunch buffet I've had in Pittsburgh. Selection is very limited and the taste is bland. And nearly $10. Only good thing is close location to UPMC and Pitt. If you have time, walk down to India Garden on Atwood.
3	This seems like a very family-friendly restaurant. The night we went here for dinner, there were 10 or 11 small children actually running around in circles in the restaurant because apparently monsters were hiding under the tables. This was probably an unusual situation since there was a large group of adults having some sort of a get together and they had all brought their children, however I still think it was cool that the restaurant was willing to allow the children to run around. If you're bothered by noise and screaming children, this might not be the place for you (although as mentioned above it probably doesn't happen that often). However, if you have small children and don't want to have to worry about them running around, it might be a good spot for you.Food wise, it was fairly unremarkable - just your standard Indian food. Not particularly good, but not bad either.
3	Food: Prince of India has an expansive menu consisting of everything you would expect from an Indian restaurant, and they also appear to have a buffet. We didn't order the buffet, so I can't comment about what is on it or when it is offered beyond confirming that a buffet option does exist. There are many meat and seafood options, and there is a menu page devoted exclusively to vegetarian items, one of the biggest vegetarian selections among Pittsburgh Indian restaurants that I've seen. We started with the Dall (lentil) soup, which was steaming hot and loaded with lentils and flavor. We also ordered the garlic naan, which was just as good as any other naan we've had in the city. For an appetizer, we tried the Samosa Chat which are samosas smothered in chick peas, tomatoes and sauce. There weren't many samosas (maybe 2 small ones), but there was an abundance of chick peas, and the sauce covering them was the best part of the entire dinner. The lead-up to our entrees was impressive, but we were slightly disappointed by the main courses. We ordered the Baingen Aloo, which was surprisingly bland and had little to no flavor or spice. We also ordered the Vegetable Mango Curry, which had considerably more flavor, but wasn't anything special. Entrees are ordered on a spiciness scale of 1-10, and the 7 I ordered was accurate; very spicy but not overwhelming. Overall, nothing we tried was bad, although the entrees left something to be desired after the excellent soup and appetizer.Price: Prices are very reasonable, particularly the entrees. The most expensive vegetarian entree was $10.99, and the majority were cheaper. The portion sizes are smaller than most Indian restaurants, but there is more than enough to eat your fill and likely bring some home. The soup was huge for only $2.99, and the appetizer, which was $4.99, was probably bigger than either entree.Drinks: There is a full bar and multiple beer selections, which is different than most of Pittsburgh's Indian restaurants, and definitely as asset. We ordered bottles of Taj Mahal, which we hadn't tasted before, and were surprised by how good it was. The menu also includes typical Indian non-alcoholic drinks like mango lassi and chai tea.Atmosphere: The dining room is large with tables for parties of all sizes. There was a group of 20+ sitting down the center of the room, so they can accommodate very large groups. The location directly on Fifth Avenue in Oakland makes parking tricky, particularly on weekend evenings. Overall, the atmosphere and decor are comfortable and casual.  Service: Our waiter was very attentive, filling our water glass almost obsessively. He spoke English, but not excellent, and struggled to answer some of our questions about the menu. Our soup and appetizers came together, which we didn't consider ideal, and our entrees were out before we had finished any of the earlier courses. But we definitely didn't have to wait for anything, including the bill.(+): fair prices, good food, good service(-): although nothing was particularly wrong, nothing was spectacularWould I go back again? Probably for lunch to get the soup and appetizer again, or, if giving dinner a second chance, I would try a more standard Indian entree like Chana Masala.
4	I had a Groupon, saw the less than 3 star rating but decided to form my own opinion. I loved the food and the service was good.
3	So we were deciding on an evening bite but were dining on a budget. Groupon never lets me down in this area. So we found one for this place. $15 for $30 worth of food. I thought that was a great deal.We made our way into Oakland and the restaurant was located on 5thA just across from the hospitals. When we entered there was only one waiter serving everyone and seating. We had to wait for nearly 10 minutes while he took the orders of other guests before we were seated. Our table was comfortable but a little worn out. The groupon didn't apply to the buffet so we just ate off the menu. We ordered a samosa and channa chat. The channa chat was a chick pea dish, served chilled and the samosa was deep fried, hot and delicious!! The channa was just as good, it packed a lot of flavor and was served with onions and green peppers. For our main entree we order chicken tiki masala and lamb mango curry. For some reason i thought my chicken was going to be a wet dish but i was rather dry. The chicken skin was a little tough and dry although the meat was very moist and tasted like it had been grilled.My hubby's dish was a lot better than mine but it was very spicy. He ordered a 6 spicy level but it was more like a 9. I was a little disappointed that we didn't get much lamb in the dish and the sauce wasn't plentiful either. For $13.99 I figured the would get a little more curry. The groupon was good in this regard that i didn't pay full price for my food. Overall I mostly enjoyed the appetizer and onion naan bread.
4	A stellar buffet with vegetarian options.I usually go at 6 or 7pm, depending my break. The dinner buffet is always warm and fresh. I've never experienced dry rice, however, the vegetable pakorra is always teetering on the dry side.What really sets this place apart is the fresh naan. I get the garlic naan to accompany the buffet, it's the perfect vessel to sop up the spiced sauces and curries.
5	I've eaten Indian throughout the city for about 2 decades now.  This place is still one of the better places in terms of food quality.  Make sure to order their Peshwari naan!
1	I ordered choole bhature  - first of all it's "chhole" (chickpea) not choole, secondly and rather most importantly, it's not some super oily yellow chickpea soup, it's dry and deep black chickpea preparation. When the yellow chickpea soup is served with puri/poori (small soft thin round fried bread), the dish is called: 'puri chhole'. When dryi-sh deep dark spicy chickpea is served  with bhatura (large fried, very doughy bread), only then it's called 'chhole bhature'. I am a connoisseur when it comes to chhole bhature, so I was not impressed with chhole (chickpea) part hence the big lecture, however, much to my surprise, bhatura (bread) was excellent. But, only one bread for $12? Samosa was small and its potato filling was plain? Why do you have to serve rice/samosa with chhole bhature? You serve only chhole, 2 pieces of bhatura and Indian pickle salad with green chutney. This is a norm all across India and all Indian restaurants in Pittsburgh, Philly and NYC follow the same. Are you sure you know about Indian food?
4	Prince of India offered a pretty stellar Groupon deal. I took the plunge and am glad I did. The first time I went, I had the buffet. The only vegan options in the buffet were chana masala and dal. While not abysmal, the meal was decidedly forgettable, and I was frustrated to discover my discount was not applicable to the buffet as it meant a return trip would be necessitated.As it turned out, the second time was definitely the charm. My girlfriend and I were thoroughly impressed by our (modified non-dairy version of) the mouth-watering veg thali with its aromatic fresh vegetables, savory legumes, flaky samosa, and crisp but tender roti. The meal left us with satisfied bellies, and when the chef emerged from the kitchen, we couldn't help but give him two big thumbs up. Wowza! This is one "prince" that ought to be king - of the Pittsburgh culinary scene, at least!
3	Ordered via Grubhub and had a positive experience with customer service. They delivered super fast, and were friendly, but the food was so-so. We ordered Saag paneer and Veggie korma (vegetable combo special, which includes naan and rice for only 22 bucks, not too bad!) and while the portion sizes were generous, the curries were very soup-y. The saag had no spices whatsoever, and somehow tasted reminiscent of chicken? While the veggie korma had somewhat better flavor, veggies were scarce and it was mostly sauce. We also had samosas  I think we would order again for convenience on a busy weeknight, but hoping that the chefs step up their game a bit.
2	I ordered from this place for delivery so I can't comment on the restaurant itself.  Although the original estimate for delivery was about 70-90 minutes it came in only 30min which was nice, and the delivery guy was friendly, but the quality of the food was not so great.  It also did not come with utensils, although I did not check the box on the online form to leave those off.  I ordered the lamb rogan josh.  As others have commented on there, the sauce was surprisingly thin, not the thick rich sauces I'm used to at my favorite Indian restaurants.  It was quite watery with very little meat in it.  At first it looked like a bowl of very thin liquid and I couldn't see any meat at all until I stirred it up and found a few pieces.  It tasted alright but was missing some of the richness I'm used to in this dish.  Very disappointed in this quality for $16.
1	This is possibly the worst Indian food I have had in my life, except for the first time that I made mattar paneer at home and the yogurt curdled. I placed a takeout order via grubhub and decided to try a few different things and spread the food out over a couple days. I got the shahi paneer, bhartha, puri, and the "Prince's Choice": an appetizer of pakora, chicken tikka and a samosa. Where to begin?The food was hot and ready by the time I got to the restaurant, everything was packaged nicely and neatly. When I got home, I pulled out the puri and it was dripping with oil. I understand that they are deep fried, but they shouldn't be sitting in fat and sopping wet with grease once served. The appetizers were, ironically, completely unappetizing. The pakora were basically deep-fried balls of besan with no vegetables--incredibly dry. The samosa was inoffensive but unmemorable. The chicken was overcooked, tough and had the ability to remove all moisture from your mouth with each bite. Onto the main courses: the shahi paneer had a generous amount of paneer in it, though it was all chopped up very finely. It was, however, made completely inedible due to its saltiness. This certainly had to be mistake, they can't possibly serve food this brackishly awful. Or maybe they do, because the bhartha was just as saline. Don't go here.
2	UPDATE:The management at Prince of India has since reached out to me and said they have made some positive changes as a result of my experience. They have invited me back free of charge to give them a second try. I am willing to take them up on this offer, but I am not sure when my schedule will allow it. That being said, I feel it is important to mention that they took this step to provide excellent customer service. In the meantime, I'll add a star.
3	They start you off with 2 very different sauces: a spicy (green habanero?) sauce, and a sweet purple (berry?) sauce... and they are the two halves of my heart. Also if you want spicy... just ask, and they'll kick it up to 11. Get take out if you don't want to sit in a relatively empty joint. Other than that, if you want indian food, this is a great place.8 for taste, 5 for atmosphere.
