2	This is a new BBQ place on the outskirts of Sun Prairie, just before you head on out towards Columbus.  It's located in a building that doesn't appear to get much business.  I say this because over the years there have been many sandwich shops that have come and gone, with each business only lasting a year or less.  The only business in this teeny tiny strip mall that has withstood the test of the economic times is the Ammo Box.  This was our first try here.  The inside is pretty bare bones.  It has about the same seating size as Smoky Jon's for dining in.  With Porktropolis, you go in, decide from 7 different sauces, that you can taste test, and then order varying sizes of ribs.  Then you get the sauce of your choice and add it to your meat yourself.  Each order of ribs comes with 2 sides and bread.  On this particular occasion we tried a quarter rack of ribs with the Sweet Memphis Blues sauce, with campfire potatoes, calico beans and bread.  All the sides were of the sad, plain, you can get something better in a can at the store variety.The meat was tender and juicy with no fat detected.  The Memphis sauce tasted appropriate when testing, but once it was on the meat, it failed to have that nice kick that rib enthusiasts are usually looking for.  We will probably go here again specifically for the ribs, especially if we don't feel like driving into Madison for Smoky Jon's.  They also have sandwiches, party packs of ribs, and desserts that include chocolate bacon.
4	We ate here in January of 2010. It's not a great place to eat (small, not much atmosphere), but was excellent for take-out. The meat was tasty, the sauces were homemade and good, and the portions were generous. We'll definitely order from them again.
3	This is definitely a no frills place.  I had the pulled pork with campfire potatoes.  I got more than enough food (I had leftovers for lunch) and felt it was a good fix for my taste for bbq.  I would recommend going for the drinks in the cooler to the left, lots of choices outside the box.  One thing I regret not getting on my first excursion-chocolate bacon.  I'll go back there again.
5	I'm not a big pork fan, but the food there is terrific!! I have done carry out a couple of time and ate there twice. The owner came and seen how I was doing and gave my wife and I and piece of sweet potatoe pie that was amazing.If you are looking for really good pork this is the place with a great selection of sauce.My favorite is the "exploding pig"!!!
2	I came here today for lunch right around noon. It smelled great inside! I ordered the pulled pork sandwich (Wolf's Revenge) which included one side. I ordered their "Skillet Fried Potatoes: and a small "Red Pepper Macaroni & Cheese" side in addition. It also includes one choice of sauce so I picked "Sweet Memphis Blues."There's something missing on everything but the sauce for me. The potatoes were cooked well, but had next to no discernible flavor or seasoning. The Macaroni & Cheese was blatantly re-heated from a day or two before, dry and greasy. I found few red peppers for spice, but other than that, it didn't taste anything different from something left in my fridge for a few days. For some reason I expected the pork to be smoked, but it clearly wasn't. HOWEVER, it was very tender, with next to no seasoning. The sauce I picked was excellent and I'd pick it over anything in the stores anyday. The container had enough sauce for the sandwich, a generous portion of pork on a kaiser roll, and I had a little leftover for the potatoes, which AGAIN needed SOMEthing more. I'll go back again for the sandwich again in a heartbeat, and I'm curious about their coleslaw and possibly the calico beans. Bags of chips are available as sides, pretty chintzy bags for $1.00 if you ask me. I have no desire to attempt the potatoes or mac n cheese again.
3	I think Porktropolis has the BBQ thing nailed.If Smoky Jon's is "Best of Madison", then Porktropolis should be proud because I think their BBQ is way better than Smoky Jon's.The sides are just not very good, and I would not recommend them.  Each time I bought them with the meat, people other than me were disappointed.Great choice for carry-out as long as you skip the sides.
5	Small place, with big flavor!Everything I've ever had here has been exceptional.If you're not sure what to get, the owner/cook will be happy to offer up some suggestions.  Not sure which sauce?  Hit the little sample area with the different flavors by the front door.The building itself is smaller and it'd be nice if the booths were a little bigger, but it's a minor complaint.  The food is fantastic.  Everything is succulent and full of flavor.My $0.02: Try the Pork Brisket with Nola and get the Mac and Cheese
4	Some of the best BBQ you can find in Wisconsin! If you like Speed Queen in Milwaukee or Smoky Johns in Madison, you will love this place too.The meat is cooked with a dry rub, Kansas City style, but if you want to smother your meat with sauce like they do in Memphis then you have 6-8 varieties of sauces with different flavors and heats to choose from.The sides and desserts are also good. I have eaten here three times, with three different entrees and sides and have not been disappointed.If you are looking for a sit-down meal there are a few tables, but the joint caters more to the take-out crowd.
4	Had the shoulder sandwich. It was very good. Tender, flavorful, and cooked perfectly on the right kind of smoker. I hope they last, and they will always be safe next to The Ammo Box. So far, they have removed the scent of failure from this location, and I hope it stays that way.
5	Blown away every time I go here. The menu is varied, vibrant and the neverending parade of sauces lets you try something new every time. Try the pork brisket with scorched aronia berry!
5	My friends, colleagues, and guests at our office all love Porktropolis. We take any opportunity to go that presents itself. The food is always fantastic, and I don't believe that there is a better barbecue place in all of the Madison area. The dining area is fairly small, but I've never had a problem getting a table when we decide to eat in. The sauce variety is enough to make the same dish a different experience each time, and the owners seem to genuinely appreciate our presence every time. I cannot say enough about this restaurant.
2	We went here again recently, and I found it's still hanging around the 2 star mark.  I tried Susan's salmon sandwich.  The menu says its flavored with brown sugar and lime, but mine wasn't.  In fact they give you the sauce of your choice to go with it just like they do with the ribs.  I chose Door County cherry BBQ sauce.  It was just ok.  The sides come with the meal so I decided to try the coleslaw and sweet potato salad.  They use yams for the sweet potato salad, and it just wasn't for me.  I am a hardcore potato salad weirdo, and the smokey sweetness of this concoction was unappealing to me.  The coleslaw was ok, but I've never been a big fan of any coleslaw.  My dining companions both had a half rack of ribs with the sweet memphis BBQ sauce.  They really liked both the meat and the sauce, but they only give you a tiny little cup of sauce to pour on your ribs.  I would say they were fairly pissed when they realized just how little sauce was provided for the amount of meat they got.  The jalapeno cornbread that comes as a standard side was blazing hot, yet crumbly dry.  I tried to cut it in half to butter it and it crumbled to pieces.  It's not like I kung fu'd it in half with my hand either, it just turned to a crumbly mess.  The sides are abysmal, and the amount of sauce given is wholly inadequate.  A slice of bacon covered in chocolate is 1.25, one of my dining companions thought that was tasty fun.  However, I would avoid the sides from now on.  Even if they are automatically included, I'd say "keep them, I don't want them."  It would just be extra garbage to throw away later.      I really want to like this place, especially because the dudes who work here are really cool.  But I need more sauce!!  MORE MORE!!!
4	Excellent ribs. Had 1/2 rack with 2 sides for $12.50. Choose the Great Garlic sauce.
4	Great pork foods. Had the beef & pork brisket with amazing apple barbecue sauce, so Yummy!!! Spicy corn was great, hard to eat but so good!!
2	The BBQ is mediocre at best.  Good to great BBQ should be moist and tasty without the addition of sauce.  One of their "displays" is an array of their sauces, which indicates they don't have much faith in ability to serve quality BBQ.  Next, the man taking my order was a jerk.  As a former waiter, cook, dishwasher, and bartender, as well as a successful small business owner, I know that no matter how bad a day you are having, you do not take it out on your customers.  I order the spicy beans, and he said, "They're hot."  I stated, "That's okay; I'm from Texas."  I said that b/c every time someone up here says food is hot it is not very hot save for some Asian restaurants.  He then stated, "I don't give a crap where you're from, it's hot!"   Due to the poor attitude of this man AND the poor quality of the BBQ, I will not be returning and will definitely steer people away from it if I have the chance.
5	Perhaps the single greatest restaurant in the history of Sun Prairie. Seriously. From the divine swine to the exploding pig, there is not a single item on the menu not worthy of C.H. Bird himself. The owners are extremely friendly, and were very generous in donating to the Sunshine Supper Community Meals when we needed their help. For anyone who lives in Sun Prairie or is just passing through, Porktropolis is  must!
4	My daughter and I stopped in for dinner.  They were very helpful with explaining the menu and their many BBQ sauces.  The food was great.  Even the salads were homemade.  We will be back again.  Not a vegan type of place!  :)
5	Had ribs with Habanero sauce. This sauce is amazing. Probably the best ribs in the Madison area. Todd is the owner and he is passionate about pork -- and this really makes a HUGE impact in the food.
4	Great bar-b-que, certainly one of WI's best! Todd makes his own sauces in many unique flavors; he is also very friendly happy to help make a sandwich selection. Divine swine and exploding pig are great sandwiches. I will be back...
5	Wow! This place definitely doesn't look like much as your drive by, but it's certainly a hidden gem. It's a small restaurant with only a few tables. When we were there, there was only one person manning the register and doing all of the food prep as well. I can see it taking a while if it was busy, but geez, it was worth it! We've had the pulled pork, ribs, and the exploding pig sandwich. All were great!They offer many choices of bbq sauces and have a sampling station set up so you can taste them before making your choice.Five stars!
3	This little place is pretty good.  I had the Exploding Pig, which was very good though pretty messy (what else do you expect with bbq though).  My wife had the pulled pork which I thought was average.  I didn't get any flavor from the rub they use, if they use one at all.  The sides were decent, we had the slaw and potato salad.  This is okay bbq and the best option in the Sun Prairie area.
5	Do yourself a favor and order the Exploding Pig.  It's like an explosion of flavor in your mouth.  Add habenero BBQ sauce for the win.
2	The food is average for BBQ, but in Wisconsin, we're not known as a BBQ Mecca, so we'll take what we can get.  The real value to this place in the sauces available.  The guy knows how to make sauces.  Everything else is lacking.The prices are too high for what you get.  The service is okay.  Don't dine-in, though--it's not very comfy and welcoming.  They just set-up a couple of old kitchen tables and put them in a corner.
3	meh..good not great place, run by very grumpy people
5	This is the best barbeque in Wisconsin.  If you like alot of sauce on your sandwich, just make sure to ask for an extra sauce.  I've loved all of the different sauces I've tried and the owner is super friendly!  With the size of the sandwiches, you definitely get your money's worth...this is worth the stop if you're in the Madison area.
4	Porktropolis is Saucy! For July 4th, we ordered a precooked pig from Porktropolis. When we picked up the pig, the guys were super helpful and friendly. They walked us through everything we needed to do to keep the pig warm on the grill and pull the meat when we were ready to eat.  The pig included a selection of 4 sauces.  And, one thing I've learned about BBQ is how important sauces can be.  The apple BBQ sauce was top notch. It's sweet with a hot finish. The mustard BBQ sauce had good heat without having an overpowering 'mustardy' flavor.  I enjoyed these two sauces so much that I didn't take time to sample others. I'm anxious to try the other sauces they offer -- including the habanero sauce.
4	Stopped in today for lunch and it was great!  I ordered the beef brisket sandwich w/ habanero sauce.  I also got the mac & cheese and potato salad.  I had my two year old daughter with me and the owner graciously asked if she would like a little bit of something.  So she got some pulled chicken, roasted potatoes and corn.  The portions were perfectly sized for lunch and I didn't have an issue making sure I ate everything on my plate.  The meat was tender and flavorful and the sides were a great compliment.  My daughter's chicken was good too, so next time I will be trying the pulled chicken.Not sure what happened with the previous review, but once the owner was done serving other customers he came and sat down and chatted with us.  All in all very friendly and great food!
5	I was looking for someplace new to try for lunch near work in Sun Prairie.  I looked on Yelp and found Porktropolis and most reviews were good, but a few were sketchy but decided to find out for myself.  Nice, light, clean place.  Greeted pleasantly by a gent I suspect was the owner and he asked if he could help with the menu.  There are many options and they all sounded good.  They also have a really cool dipping bar with soem decent bread so you can try the sauces.  It was clean, and I tried the apple and Carolina and both were excellent.  (I have lived in several cities and had barbecue just about everywhere in the country.)  I ordered the beef and pork brisket sandwich and a side of creamy cole slaw.  Took maybe 2-3 minutes for my sandwich to come out, although it was not too crowded, and during my wait the affable owner chatted with me about current events.  So my experience with the staff was excellent - they were friendly and efficient.The sauce comes in a smaller plastic container, so I understand the complaint about not enough, but I asked for two containers of different sauces and that was no trouble at all. The meat was cooked perfectly - juicy and flavorful, but could have used a bit more salt/seasoning, and I can understand the review that criticized the inability to taste the flavors of the rub.  However, the sauce is the deal here.  Both sauces were awesome and it all made for a great sandwich.  I saw someone criticize the slaw. Mine was creamy and excellent and tasted fresh - not sure if they make it there, will have to ask next time.GREAT experience.  Excellent food, and I suspect all the dishes are.  A little pricey at $8 for a sandwich and side, but overall the experience was great.  I don't understand calling the food average for barbecue.  This is WELL above average, even for Carolina, Texas, KC, Memphis, etc.  The sauce tasting area and the sides also help.  And the place itself is not fancy, but there were plenty of clean tables - it reminded me of hundreds of places in the South.Looking forward to going back.
4	I was running late and starving on Friday afternoon. I had to drive right by Porktropolis to get home, so I stopped by for some grub. I got the pulled pork sandwich with Door County cherry sauce, mac and cheese on the side. The sandwich was really good, but I could have used about 50% more sauce (they have a little tasting station by the register for the different sauces, which I appreciated). The mac and cheese was divine. I could have eaten a gallon. The two guys working there were extremely friendly, which I appreciated. It was after lunchtime, so service was immediate, and I appreciated that, too. (You know how it is, sometimes you go to a place after the normal eating time and nobody can help you right away if they're catching up on other duties.)
4	Yet another great trip to Porktropolis! I ordered the Exploding Pig with the mac & cheese. Wow! The sandwich was full of flavor and had tons of....you guessed it pork!My daughter once again enjoyed the pulled chicken and the mac & cheese.
4	I don't say this lightly - I love barbeque. I mean, I really love it. I love Texas barbeque, Memphis, Carolina, Kansas City, dry rub, sauced; you name it, I love it. When I travel I get barbeque wherever I possibly can. I have been known to reroute my connecting flight in order to get some wonderful barbeque. I have eaten it everywhere and I'm here to tell you that these guys in this weird, unlikely location are making some pretty decent BBQ.I tried three items. Beef brisket is my favorite so I went for that first. It was thinly sliced, juicy and delicious. It had a nice smoked flavor. Smoking, of course is the the key to any good BBQ. These guys smoke their own meat right at the place and you can tell immediately. I will say that I prefer brisket to be sliced thicker, about 1/4" thick with some fat. Slicing it this thin can really dry it out.I also tried the pulled pork. A thing of beauty. Wonderfully juicy and tender with little areas of char and smoke. Lastly I tried a cut that I've never heard of; they call it pork brisket but it is really the pectoral muscle of the pig. It has a similar grain and texture to beef brisket. It was uniquely delicious with it's own spice right on the meat. That's not all. These guys have the most amazing selection of sauces I've ever tried. There were no less than ten options, all of which you can try on the way in. Each one had us amazed. There are regional classics like Kansas City and Carolina mustard but also very unique sauces like balsamic and onion, or Scorched berry. It was difficult to decide which to try so we got four different ones. (By the way, sauce should never be ON the meat - it's something you should apply yourself). Service was very friendly. Highly recommended.
5	When I am traveling from NYC to Sun Prairie to visit my staff, I will make sure to stop by this place with the boys for some heavenly BBQ. I have eaten here twice and the place does not disappoint. The food is great and the owner sure knows how to treat his customers. @ Porktropolis BBQ - enjoying the split brisket/pulled pork sandwich with habanero and manic smokin Mac n Cheese and a local cream soda.
4	I had a pulled port sandwich today.  the pork was delicious and I really like the variety of bbq sauces; I had the balsamic & onion.  the cole slaw was tasty too.  the only suggestion I would make for improvements would be to 1) get a better bun - the bun didn't hold up to the generous serving of pork and fell apart, and 2) offer a second serving of sauce (extra price?).  I definitely want to go back and try more from this menu.
5	The sauce!! Sooo good. Great garlic, amazing apple, Yummmm. I always get the pulled pork but the boys favorite is the exploding pig. A must stop for BBQ lovers.
2	Nope...never again.  If you order take-out, check your order before you go.  My ribs and chicken were dry as leather...kind of tasted like it too.  Big disappointment!  Waste of money too.  Chicken was flavorless and oven roasted..I thought it would have been smoked...it is a BBQ joint right?  Ribs were so dry..they resembled jersey.  Cornbread muffin looked my mom's made from a Jiffy mix.  If you have expectations of good BBQ, you won't find it here.  Then again, maybe when you eat in they serve you fresh food and save the leftovers from lunch to the to-go crowd for dinner.  Never again!  Blah!
4	Very tasty bbq.  Lots of different sauces are set out for sampling.  There is seating but it's a pretty no-frills atmosphere.  That's part of the charm, but I wouldn't suggest this place for a business luncheon or a romantic date.  But if you want tasty bbq, you won't be disappointed.
1	Pretty sure the brisket and pulled pork were just cooked in a slow cooker or steamed.  No smoke flavor at all.  Spicy mac and cheese was okay, but nothing great.  This place seriously underwhelms for a bbq joint.  The dining area is pretty crappy, but I would have cared less if the que was good.  Instead I felt like I was eating a bad potluck dinner in a craphole.  The sauce selection was decent.  I thought the Carolina vinegar and mustard were pretty average.  The Memphis sauce was decent for a sweet sauce.  Overall, it's very clear that I won't be back.  And so I continue my search for high quality bbq in this town.
5	Very pleased to have discovered this place.  A simple but superb menu of BBQ options. Highly recommend the pork brisket and the manic mac.  Great takeout options and reasonable prices. I would much rather eat here than Smoky Jons.
5	This place is awesome!  Great location (just half a block off of HWY 151) , fast service, and most importantly, AMAZING BBQ!!  Todd,  the owner,  is a very friendly guy,  who makes all of his sauces from scratch ,  and believe me,  he has quite a selection! He even bottles them,  so you can take some with you. So... If you ever find yourself in Sun Prairie, WI, with a wicked case of the munchies,  check out Porktropolis. You'll be happy you did!!
4	The split brisket and exploding pig are our favorites.  I always seem to gravitate to NOLA sauce but be sure to sample for your taste.
1	This is not bbq..... This is not bbq...... This is not bbq..... I'm a huge supporter of mom and pop places, but this one needs to go.....
4	Had the beef brisket with NOLA sauce, very solid. Slaw was good, too. Kind of a hole in the wall - not the best dining room decor, but good que. Very fast service.
5	Dry rubbed Brisket. That's what keeps me coming back here. They have yummy Mac and cheese as a side.
