5	Ask your average Edinburgh resident where or what Black Lion is and they will probably point you towards the zoo. Ask your average nerd and they will point you towards Buccleuch St. If war-games, role-playing, board games, trading cards or anything of that sort is your thing, then Black Lion Games is the place for you. Don't be put off by its dark dingy exterior and grated windows, inside is bright fresh (newly refurbished) treasure trove for your inner child and suppressed imagination.There is nowhere else in Edinburgh quite like it. Black Lion should be intelligent-geek central. Given its relatively small size, the shop has a great range of stock. If they don't have something in, they will order it for you promptly. There is a nice variety of role-playing books, from well known games like Dungeons and Dragons and World of Darkness to less well known and independent games. The owners will be happy to help, and won't patronise you if you're just looking for a chess set and don't know what a level 20 Tarrasque is. The shop also supplies war-game miniatures and card games like Magic the Gathering or Legend of the Five Rings. To complement this nice dice, paints and other accessories are available.However if poring over vast tomes of rules and rolling dice isn't your sort of thing, there is also a great selection of classic and new board games and traditional games like chess, dominoes and backgammon. The staff will also be happy to get you started on a new hobby and games are sometimes run in the shop too. Don't be intimidated by nerds in their own territory, this place is worth a browse even if  the closest thing to "Magic: The Gathering" you've got so far is the Beltane Fire Festival. The cost for board-games, role-playing books and miniatures always gears towards the pricey, but with the fluctuating popularity of such things, and the ever erratic role-playing market, Black Lion does a good job of just keeping itself going. It's also one of the few local, businesses like it, not just in Edinburgh but in Scotland and across the UK.A cool and original shop. Highly recommended.
4	I enjoy the following things.Being able to run 10 miles.My Girlfriend.Showering.Only using once dice for a board game.So this place isn't for me. But if you are into D&D you won't find better in Edinburgh.
4	I'm not sure if my geek credentials quite extend this far. I like comic books, obscure Japanese video games, and films watched only by virgins with beards, but the complexity, level of time consumption, and simple fact that you have to interact with other beings to play them, has kept me away from the Warhammer thing.I do however, find some of the craftsmanship and detail of the games pretty spectacular, and my favourite Simpsons character is the guy from the comic shop, so never say never.
4	From the outside Black Lion looks fairly unassuming, fairly plain without much in the way of signage, in fact we've accidentally walked past it a couple times while looking for it. However, on the inside is a veritable treasure trove of ye olde school physical games, none of your modern electronic video game nonsense here.The walls of this small local gaming store are bedecked with shelves that must groan on occasion with the sheer amount of boardgames and role-playing game material on offer. Having become an avid boardgamer I must say that their boardgame selection pretty much contains everything I want to play, especially where so many of them are unavailable online, another bonus. If you're out of luck in that regard too they quite happily take orders or let you know when another print it likely to hit their store.However if the more sedate semi-competitive feel you get from those sorts of games isn't your thing they also stock wargaming gear and Magic: The Gathering for all those excessively competitive people out there.Having been introduced to the local Magic crowd at an event hosted by Black Lion I can add that they're not as super competitive as you'll find in other areas, with a broader mix of abilities and personalities. Black Lion also host the local Friday Night Magic and a monday evening casual game session for people to play in a more relaxed fashion or to experiment in the latest in multi-coloured decimation.I eagerly recommend people to give these guys a shot as local physical shops are rare and these nice people deserve a lot for their hard work and friendly demeanours.
5	I have no idea what this shop would be like for an experienced gamer, but as a beginner, it's a fantastic shop.  Completely unassuming from the outside, but light and spacious when you're in.  Bookcases full of gamebooks, nice selection board games, and all the essentials you need to start gaming.Went in today as a complete novice and the guy working was great at helping me choose what I should get, and offered advice on what sort of thing I would enjoy.  Reasonable prices, too.Cannot recommend highly enough.
