4	I am a coffee snob and there is nothing wrong with that.  No five because yesterday they were out of half and half and decaf and took forever with order but usually they are great substitute if I run out if my own beans at home.  Have dog treats too!
4	I've been here a trillion times. Ok jk, I'm here a lot. At least once a week. So by now, I've pretty much had my order prepared and organized. They ask a series of standard questions: what kind of bagel? Did you want that toasted? What kind of side? What's your name? Is it for here or to-go?So I come in and I order one or the other:1. Tasty turkey on asiago not toasted, side of potato salad for here. I love that their sandwiches come with alfalfa sprouts. Really, I get bummed when they're out. That's the cherry on top. (or)2. Cheese and herb bagel with a side of chicken soup. Their cheese bagel is so yummy when it's delivered. But the soup is never consistent. It's either really hot the way I like any soup, or less hot than the cheese bagel which only makes it awkward.
3	Came in an hour before they were closing, which means they were breaking down to go into cleaning mode. I wanted to try something besides my usuals, so i winged an order for a pastrami sandwich that comes in bagel form. Lady at register had no patience. As I was trying to decide on which bagel to have my sandwich in, she was tapping her pen abruptly, perhaps out of impatience? Zero smiles are a minus one star. she repeated my order 3 times after i gave it to her. listening skills, not so delightful. what made up for that bad experience was the other lady who dropped off my order with a genuine smile and "have a nice day" and the delicious preparation of my meal.
4	I am not a bagel connoisseur, but I do love their bagels. When I was living in LA, I used to frequent the Noah's Bagelry all the time- which is actually owned and run by the Einstein Bros group too. The bagels are always fresh, I love the selection of cream cheese flavors, and the thin bagel sandwiches for breakfast or lunch are now my new favorite, particularly the asparagus, mushroom, cheese, and egg whites.  Mmmm, mmm, good. I am a big fan of their iced green tea too (free refills). Whenever I eat from here, I always feel like it is a healthier alternative. This location is quite large, plenty of tables indoors and outdoors, and the staff is always friendly.
4	Not just for breakfast!Oh my! For all you out there taking care of your bodies, have I got a secret for you. Einstein's has killer egg white/bagel sandwiches for under 400 calories! I pretty regularly get the bacon and cheese or turkey sausage and salsa and they're pretty filling, delicious, and healthy. The sandwich is actually egg whites (or BLT, turkey, tuna, chicken)  on a "bagel thin" which come in plain, wheat, everything and oatmeal.
2	They consistently succeed at inconsistency.  Sometimes my order is correct, other days it's a surprise.  They have good ice coffee for a reasonable price.
4	I stopped in for some bagels for a meeting. The service was very friendly, and the lovely lady taking orders was super friendly. I received good quality food and quick service on this visit
4	I love their bagels. Don't like their coffees because Starbucks is better but they have really good bagels and smoothies.
3	I was in dire need of coffee, having to head back to LA, I needed something to hold me through for the long, boring drive through the desert.Box of donuts from Pink Box next door, check, does Einstein have good coffee?Well, they have coffee, good sure, but not great.Hot, iced or frozen, I went with a large frozen mocha, my  husband the large frozen caramel macchiato, just over $4 each.The ordering system is a bit counterproductive.You order at the first register, step to the second, they repeat your order and you pay them?!!The girl working must have never made coffee before as she kept asking the other one what to do next.No chocolate on mine, no caramel  on my husbands.Didn't feel like I really needed a squirt of syrup on top so I left mentioning anything.Tasted fine, mine tasted pretty much just like coffee, his like like milk.They were fine, got the job done, but I don't think I'd be back.
5	I went to this place with my mother, who is disabled. Candice waited on us and I have never seen anybody so patient in my whole entire life. My mom was acting so annoying and even I cringed. But Candice was patient and helped her with a smile. When I go to Vegas, I'll definitely be coming back here. Thanks, Candice!
5	This is my go to place for fru-fru coffee and bagel sandwich's. I have yet to be disappointed by any location. Even when extreme bisy , the staff has always been friendly. The bagel selection is extremely good and I haven't had a bad bagel there. The orange juice is fresh daily and they make the coffee on the spot. Most of the people they have on coffee duty do it extremely well. Even when super busy, the service is fast. Stay frosty, Einstein's.They also have happy hour from 3 to 5 so you know, half off bagels and drinks are kind of cool.
1	They are SO stingy with cream cheese on their bagels. I opened it up to find half the bagel covered in a minute layer of cream cheese. Not worth the $6 I payed to go home and waste my own cream cheese. Screw you, Einstein bros.
4	Friendly staff great food prices are reasonable but some items are a little over priced.
4	This Einstein's is very nice and clean inside. I was surprised to find that they had a large variety of bagels very late in the day. The bagel was fresh, staff quick and courteous. Convenient location right off of Lake Mead Blvd.
1	Awful costumer service!!! I felt like I was being rushed even though there weren't any people behind me. I'm assuming the woman who "assisted" me was a manger because she was the only one I saw in a red shirt. But she needs a course on costumer service. She was very short and acted as if I was wasting her time. I don't care how badly we want bagels we will never return to this location.
4	Einstein Bros. is located 5 minutes from my house and my son and I are fans.  I like it for the convenience and the Thin-tastic breakfast bagel sandwiches, which have egg whites, spinach, and asparagus on your choice of bagel.  Service here is always friendly and the wait is not long, even if there's a line.  The majority of customers always seem to be the senior crowd from Sun City; I think they congregate here at all hours.  You can usually find a newspaper that someone has left behind if you want to read one.  There are booths, a counter by the window, as well as outside seating.  For a quick meal, stop here.
