4	Just stayed here for a week for work in the area, they handled my group's last minute reservation, and all of us were very satisfied with the service and the hotel.The property is fairly new and so are the amenities, the locations of the elevators are a bit tricky because there is no central location off the main lobby except they are on either sides of the hotel.  The hotel staff was very friendly.  The only compliant I have was when the housekeeper came to my room I was still working on my laptop and I asked her to come back a little later and she never did.  I would take my work down to the lobby but I couldn't VPN for work unless I was wired access.The breakfast was decent, the morning fruit salad was weird but different.  The complementary evening reception was decent except the two beer limit, we had to resort to having my co-workers give us their beers.My GPS couldn't locate this place but it is located next to the wal-mart off happy valley so you can just point it there and you can probably see it from the street.  Because it is so close to the two strip malls in off happy valley you can walk to food or its a short drive.  Which is great when traveling for week or two at a time and all you want to do is grab a bite to eat and relax with a movie.  Overall, great stay I would stay here again next time I m in town.
5	The Homewood in Happy Valley rules. My company has an office based in Phoenix and Homewood happy Valley is normally where they put me up since I have to bring my crazy puppy for the extended stays and they allow pets. The staff is amazing and put up with so many of my crazy antics over my 2 months stint.  I did my best to keep them on their toes and they gave me a run for my money. The rooms were very clean, staff was great, breakfast was always awesome, I only had dinner once or twice and it wasn't too bad.Being away from home for 2 months working, not knowing anyone or anything was a little intimidating and hard for me but the hotel staff definetly made it easier for me to adjust and would even suggest fun things for me to do.Hands down best hotel expierence ever.
5	This is an absolutely fantastic hotel. When I am back in the area, this will be the first place I look. Combine that with the fantastic rate I got through the company I was in town working with...can't be beat! First, the staff...they are all awesome. Everyone says hi, from the front desk to the housekeeper walking down the hall who isn't even quite yet on shift. The whole place is very clean and feels very new. The pool area is great, and there is a basketball/volleyball court to play on if you don't melt. Parking is ample and you can get pretty close to your room. The elevators are a little weird - they're all the way on the ends of the hotel rather than close to the lobby. The rooms are great. Mine was large, with a separate bedroom (with a very comfy bed). The TVs were nice, channel choices were great. The living room at a pull out sofa and coffee table, along with a desk. The kitchen had everything you need aside from an oven. I was shocked to see it even had a dual stove-top! Weak part: food. Breakfast is disappointing and tasted like it was really low quality. The free food in the evening is hard to complain about, but some were better than others.
1	Will never stay at this hotel again.  The first time I stayed here was fine - I had a two room suite with one for the bedroom/bathroom separate from the living room/kitchen.  When I arrived this time on Monday night to check in, I asked if my room had a king bed and was told yes.  I forgot to ask for confirmation that the room also had a bathtub so after I got up to my room and found the shower only in the room, I had to go back downstairs.  I asked for another room and was told the hotel only had 6 rooms with both a king and bath tub.  He found me another room and I went upstairs.  It was not separated like the room I previously had - it was all open like one big great room.  The temperature in the room was about 85 degrees and after I checked the thermostat, it was set at 65.  So I went back down to the lobby again and asked for another room since the air conditioning was not working.  He then said he would give me a two bedroom suite upgrade.  I thanked him and went to the room.  When I walked into one of the bedrooms, the entire room smelled like urine and the lamp shade was broken and hanging off the lamp.  I went in the bathroom and took the shower curtain down - I stuffed it in a laundry bag and took both the shower curtain and lamp shade to the front desk.  When I went back to the room, it no longer smelled like urine.  **Recommend asking housekeeping change your shower curtain immediately - they never change them so you will have to ask so that you don't have to smell urine**The hotel never brought a new lamp shade.  We found two different kinds of bugs in the room.  The blanket smelled like old cheap perfume so clearly had not been washed.  I pulled the comforter out of the comforter cover and it smelled like vomit - saw the stains so that got thrown in a corner.  The free food for breakfast and dinner is a nice perk, the pool and Jacuzzi are fine plus the free wifi is nice.  My daughter left her phone charger in the room and I called to ask if it was turned in.  Two days later and the hotel still has not called us to let us know if they have it.  Edward is very pleasant to work with and tried very hard to accommodate all of the mistakes from housekeeping - the last night he offered to make one night or my bottles of water and snacks complimentary but I will not stay at this hotel again.  It was probably fine the first couple years it was open but now it is dirty and shabby but mostly just dirty.
5	Great hotel...excellent amenities....good snacks at breakfast and dinner....great location....excellent customer service
5	I just returned yesterday from a wonderful trip to Phoenix. I stayed in the Homewood Suites Hotel at the 17 & Happy Valley and could not possibly have been more pleased. I left California early in the morning Friday to avoid traffic, which put me in Phoenix several hours before check in time. I called the hotel while en route and they gladly accommodated my early check in request. When I arrived the young lady working the registration desk was friendly, helpful, and efficient so I got right in.I went up to the room and it was awesome. The standard king suite was nice and large with everything, including a full kitchen. The refrigerator even had an ice maker, which greatly simplified the task of mixing cocktails. The room was clean and the bed was comfortable. Basically everything I want in a hotel room. I also enjoyed the complimentary breakfast every morning. I fled town Sunday and headed home completely satisfied. I had an awesome time visiting friends and my hotel experience just made the trip that much better.5 stars for Homewood! This is a nice, reasonably priced property with a great staff. I will be back in Phoenix again to see my friends and will definitely be staying at Homewood.
5	Clean!  Great service!  Friendly personal staff!  Always a pleasure to stay here & close to what you need!  We always stay here when in town!
4	The front desk staff is friendly and able to help us with multiple requests right away. My kids love the tasty breakfast buffet, and Mikey was super accommodating when we came down late one day. The rooms are comfortable, and clean and housekeeping is quick.
5	Awesome place to stay.  From the reception at the desk to the breakfasts and dinners.  The people are awesome!   I can't wait to come back.  Michael, Amy, Alma, Angela, Mike,   You all ROCK!!!!  Oh yeah also they help you with any of your questions.  Kind, professional, and fun!   Great location.
5	Warm, sincere reception from Edward at a 10pm check in.  Then a super clean suite awaited me. then a warm morning welcome with a big smile at breakfast from Dani. This is my 4th Hilton owned brand hotel on a long road trip. and this was a first. Not sure how morning staff at other hotels can't say GOOD MORNING or smile. It makes a world of difference. Standards of Service are alive and well here in Happy Valley!!! Job well done!
1	This place is HORRIBLE.. When checked in hotel was surrounded by 6 police cars and staff would not say whats going on. Staff is rude when checked out they charged 110.00 for an extra room that I did not need nor want or use. Then would not take off my bill. Hotel seekers beware. Alot of other nice hotels around.
