5	I love, love, love Eliana's. I have been eating here for years and enjoy bringing people new to Salvadoran food. The interior is cheerfully decorated with colorful folk art, and the service is always swift and friendly. My favorite items on the menu are: 1) the pupusas, kind of a soft gordita-like exterior with a meat and veggie thick stew-like interior - outrageously good!; 2) the yucca frita, fried yucca plant (very starchy, like potatoes) with some deep fried chunks of pork and garnished with radishes and cucumbers; 3) the ensalada drink, a bright-yellow fruit beverage with finely chopped assorted fresh fruit- comes with a straw and a spoon; 4) the plantain with beans and sour cream, a dish I wasn't sure about at first because I am very picky about my banana-type foods, but it totally and unexpectedly works and is ridiculously delicious.Eliana's is so inexpensive and such a wonderful experience. Everyone can find something they'll like- low spiciness, but full of great flavors and textures.
4	So on the advice of Michelle's review, my friend Brian (my lunchtime buddy) and I ventured over here for lunch the other day.  I won't go into too much detail, but I will say that it was good.  Not amazing, but good.  However, I have never had El Salvadorian food before, so maybe I needed to be broken in.I started with the mango iced tea which tasted a little like dirt, not horrible, but had a dirt flavor to it if that makes any sense.  I saw the guys next to me get these bright neon yellow drinks with chunks floating in them and decided I must try it.  It turned out it was the ensalada drink, which I thought meant "salad" but maybe that's my American translation.  Apparently it means "delicious fruit salad" drink.  I ate the chunks out of it, trying to figure out what each one was.  I was thinking it was something exotic, so I made Bri try it, turns out it was apple.  Oops.  So it has apple, pineapple and carrot chunks, maybe not exotic, but still delicious.The little shooter of soup is good.  Its like a chicken noodle without the noodle with potatoes thrown in for good measure.  I got the appetizer combo that Michelle got, it was plenty of food for a meal.  I don't know what was what, but I like the flat tortilla looking thing with the cheese the best...it was either a pupusa or a posteles, but it was good!  The tamale was different than the typical, it was not wrapped in a corn husk but what looked like a palm frond, but I could be wrong.  Heck, I couldn't even identify an apple that day!  It also had shredded chicken, potatoes and carrots in it.  Very tasty.  They also serve this soupy tomatoey salsa that is very mild.  That, combined with the slaw they serve as a garnish really adds some taste to most of the items.  They also give you 1 "tortilla" per person.  Its their version of a tortilla, but much different than the Mexican version.  This is much smaller, and thicker, almost like a pita, gordita or fry bread.  My friend got some sort of chicken dish with a large amount of what looked like sour cream underneath it.  Unfortunately for him, he hates sour cream, but some rearranging of the plate and some dousing in tomatoey salsa and he was good to go.I tried to order the "quesadilla" dessert thing that Michelle  mentioned because I truly wanted to know what the bastard child of cheesecake and cake would taste like, plus the name was intriguing...but they were out.  They were also out of their carne asada, which looked good.  Other people had some. It was busy when we were there, but the service was good and everyone was really friendly.  There was even a very large table of about 15 people in there celebrating a birthday and everyone (OK, well me and my friend and the servers) sang to them.  I think I want to go back now and try the chile relleno and some more of the "tortilla" wrapped cheesy meaty deliciousness.UPDATE - I wonder if that's a record for an update (10 minutes)!I just noticed in the beginning I said I won't go into too much detail, then proceeded to go into perfect detail.  I guess its impossible for me not to be long-winded.  Oh well...you finished reading, now do you feel like you wasted 5 minutes of your life? :)
3	Literally just getting back from the East Coast and eating Julia's Empanadas (Washington, DC) and Ruben's Empanadas (NYC), I was fiending for some more when I landed in Phoenix. A quick Yelp search turned up Eliana's and since it was on my way home from the airport, I decided to stop in to get my fix. Initially, I only planned on getting the combo platter and ensalada drink. Then I started thinking back on my fond memories of pupaserias (sp?) in the Mission district of SF so I flagged down the waiter to have that added on to my order. My ensalada drink arrived w/ a little cup of chicken & potato soup which instantly made my stomach do a little churn. I'm not sure if it was because the ensalada drink looked like a liquid highlighter or the fact that an ice cold beverage was served with a hot soup, but being the starving beast that I was, I took a sip of the glow-stick and devoured the tasty chicken soup. I couldn't really figure out if the drink tasted like anything other than sweet water w/ a few pieces of fruits & carrot, but it was interesting to order nonetheless.  Not sure what to say about the pupusa and combo platter other than, it was very MOIST. I'm sure you're thinking, "WTH how could she describe a pupusa, empanada, pasteles and tamale as moist?," but trust me, it was a lot odder for me to taste these unexpectedly moist items. I'm not sure it was moist from the meat juices or grease but I ate a few bites of each item and left the rest. Feeling rather unfulfilled from everything, I decided to order the quesadilla dessert. As the other reviewers have already mentioned, it's not the quesadilla that most of us are accustomed to. I'd describe it as corn bread (minus the gritty corn texture) with a cream cheese flavor. Kinda strange.. not my thang. So 3 stars to Eliana's for the MOIST items. I'd give it an extra .5 star for the soup, but unfortunately that's not an option and I didn't think it'd merit a whole extra star on its own.
4	I just had lunch at Eliana's today and thanks to other Yelpers, steered my way to the combo appetizer platter [and ordered an extra papusa so my friend Jim and I could both have one] as well as the chicken and shrimp entree. Before I go any further, of note here is that this is peasant food, served in simple surroundings. Having said that, its simply delicious. Our food was served all at once and was accompanied by tortillas and refried beans. These are NOT your mother's refried beans. They have an unbelievably smooth texture and are full of amazing flavor. We dipped our tortilla's [which in this case are 1/2 inch thick masa harina-esque mixed with shortening - am guessing] in the beans and just revelled in the great mix of flavor and texture. Between that and our other fave, the papusa's, we could have died happy at that moment. The papusa's are everything everyone says they are: warm, delicious, with meat, potato and cheese. Must be El Salvadoran for 'comfort food'. Its simple, flavorful and delightful. Although I was less of a fan of the shrimp/chicken/rice entree, it was still very fine. The servers were extremely kind and friendly and when we asked about the refried bean prep, we were basically given the 411 on how they prep the beans, what they cook them with and how they get the texture [blender]. It was a delicious and satisfying lunch. Plenty of food for $21 plus tip.
5	Delicious. Had papusas and some other things selected at random off of the menu. All delicious. Also shared their fried plantain with beans and sour cream. Heaven.This place is wonderful and delicious. And totally reasonably priced.
5	OMGS you guys. This is a little diamond in the rough. Nice and cheap, with a modest, but DELICIOUS, menu. I share the combo platter with my BF and then usually get the chicken, which is so moist and tender and slathered in creme...And it comes with a little cup 'o chicken soup which is yum-sauce.Papusas.  Need I say more?
5	Having passed this place more than once while driving around, I'd always wanted to stop by but never made it much of a priority. Well I stumbled across reviews here and due to the raving about the papusas I HAD to stop in.My partner in crime was kind enough to accompany me and as soon as we did we too joined the pupusa bandwagon, mmm pupusa bandwagon (drools). We had the appetiser sampler which is good to share but might leave you wanting the another pupusa. I'm a fan of the chicken soup you get, but just wish the serving size was slightly bigger.The appetizer comes with 3 different items and all are equally tastey (ref. pupusa). They also give you some cabbage salad and a tomato sauce to accompany the items, yum.My gf ordered the recommended chicken dish and lurved the hell out of it, I agreed and actually was wishing I'd gotten that instead of the Salvadorian marinated steak, which was good, but paled in comparison to the chicken.Sidenotes: Try the ensalada drink, it's a sweet fruit based drink that comes with slices of apple. Sort of reminds me of drinking a melted otter pop, which as far as I'm concerned is off the proverbial chain. Also served with appetiser and as a sidedish with the food was a bean soup which was good and great for dipping the tortillas in. Oh, and the tortillas are Salvadorian style meaning thick and sort of along the lines of a Mexican gordita, I could eat these for days.Pupusas (drools) "give me a towel boy" (drools)
3	I'm from the SF Bay area and I get pupusa from Zocalos and La Bamba. While the pupusas here were pretty good I can't say the same for some of the plates. I ordered the bistec something and it was drenched in some sort of gravy. While the meat was tender, it was abit salty for my taste. The cabbage salad they gave was great but the accompanying salsa was very bland. While I might come back here just for some pupusas. The drink we had was pretty good. And yes it was a fluorescent yellow.
4	This place is really good!  If you go, order the combination platter, it's the best way to try several el salvadorian specialities.  Also, don't forget to order the baked bananas - delicious!  The horchata should not be missed either, it is different than mexican horchata, it has cinnamon and other goodies.  Try it.Very reasonably priced, you will leave very full and very satisfied.
5	Very Cute and Cozy Place! The Food was AMAZING! Seriously I have been thinking about it all day and whether my diet likes it or not I'll be returning very soon! I got the Appetizer Platter which came with a Pupusa, a chicken meat pie, a chicken tamale and beans. (see pics) Everything was wonderful and fresh and oh so Delicious! I would have to tell anyone who has never had this kind of food, do not be intimidated, go for it you won't be sorry, my particular meal wasn't spicy or greasy it was just the best thing I have tasted in weeks and it's definitely budget friendly!
4	I went here one time to try the pupusas; they were delicious and filling. I had intended to have them as a snack, but they were so hearty that the three I ordered became a very filling meal.I returned with a friend and ordered a tamal as an appetizer; it was light and tender (unlike the denser Mexican tamales) and very flavorful. My entree was arroz valenciana, which was very colorfully presented and was a gustatory delight. My friend had the shrimp fajitas; I had a taste of that too and it was good, but I'm glad I ordered the arroz because I wanted something different from what I'd get in most Mexican restaurants. The Salvadoran tortillas are thick and substantial, unlike the thin tortillas served in Mexican restaurants.  Both our entrees came with a side of bean sauce -- yes, the bean preparation comes out as a thick and very tasty liquid, rather than the mash ("refried beans") in Mexican restaurants.We were really quite full after finishing our entrees but couldn't resist ordering the fried banana burrito (especially after having read about that in a yelp review). I'm so glad we ordered only one because it was huge, and came with 2 scoops of ice cream. We split the dessert and although we were very full from the main dinner, we finished everything - it was so good, with just the right coating of cinnamon sugar.As we waddled back to the car, I decided that I'm definitely coming back, again and again ... and thank goodness I have a huge appetite.
3	Great service and the food is the same as I have experienced in Central America --light, not so spicy, and varied in texture. We had a very helpful man suggest items from the menu. I strongly recommend the fruit drink with chunks of fruit (in the picture). And they have pupusas that are really good with fresh coleslaw. Try this as an appetizer. The tortillas are not what you might be used to --they are about 5" in diameter and thick like a pancake. But they are made fresh and are really nice. My companion had the aroz valenciana which was tasty and I had the Elianas favorite which was grilled chicken with that terrific latin american creme cheese. Mmmmmm... cheese! The service was consistent and friendly and the food was tasty and a nice break from all the Mexican joints in the area.
1	I have been to this restaurant three times for lunch while at work, and I must say that the first time I was there, the service was slow and the food mediocre.  The last two times I went there, it was not by my choice but by group consensus.  The food is also mediocre at best, having a friend whose mother is from El Salvador, this food was terrible, absolutely terrible in comparison.  The beans and cheese and pork inside my pupusa had the consistency of water, and the hot sauce seemed like it was 3 parts water, 1 part hot sauce.  Each time I went there I called ahead and placed my order, and I had to wait at least 15 minutes for my drink and at a minimum of 30 - 45 min. to wait for my food (after ordering ahead!!).  I brought this up with the family that owns the restaurant, and they told me, in their exact words, it's not their problem, and if I had brought more people then we would have had better service and they don't need to worry about one customer because they have been there for so long if they lose one customer, they have many more waiting.  I don't understand how a place with one or two waitresses can even expect to adequately service their customers correctly.  I have been overcharged and never received items that I have ordered that were still on my check and I had to argue with the owner.  It is by far the worst service I have ever received in this city.  About 5 people I work with have all sworn to never return to this store.
5	A friend of mine told me of Eliana's because I was familiar with Salvadoran food from L.A. and lamented that I couldn't find a good place in Phoenix.  I was happily surprised to find the food as good as it was there.That was in 1998.  I come here every so often when I get a "hankering" for Pupusas and have become very familiar with the proprietor and his family.  AWESOME food, AWESOME service, AWESOME ambience!
3	let me preface by first saying that i have never had salvadorian food before so therefore i do not know what good salvadorian food tastes like, or is supposed to taste like, so this review is strictly from my american palette and what i think tastes "good".we arrived around 6pm on this wednesday evening and there was only one other couple in the entire place. dead. crickets chirping. it's rather odd inside. somewhat tacky and cheap, but i wasn't expecting a fine dining meal. we went with the iced tea (spicy!) and the ensalada drink (refreshing!). got the appetizer platter with the meat pie, pupusa, rice, beans, and tamale. the tamale was rather soggy, and the chunks of chicken inside were large chunks and just kind of awkward. the meat pie was cheesey and delicious as was the pupusa. and the rice..well, i could eat that rice every single day! buttery and fluffy is how i'd describe it. for entrees i chose the camaron and carne fajitas and my girlfriend chose the chicken with rice and salad. hers was delicious, mine was meh. it came loaded with onions and the tails were still on the shrimp. the tortillas were different, to say the least, really thick and doughy, i didn't care for them too much.overall, the food is very bland. i don't know if that's a characteristic of salvadoran food, but i like my food with a bit of a kick or spice to it.
2	This one is really hard. Based on other Yelp reviews, I went to Eliana's to pick up lunch last week. It's close to my work, and it sounded like such a nice departure from my usual lunchtime rounds. This past weekend, my boyfriend and I went to dinner there, because I thought it deserved a second try. I'll tell you a little about both experiences. After perusing all of the (mostly) helpful and honest reviews here, I really psyched myself out about giving it a try and just HAD to go there for takeout that VERY SAME DAY - I'm not a delayed gratification kind of person, despite my best efforts. I ended up at the restaurant at around 11:00, and it was empty. The lady behind the counter seemed a little frosty at first, but then she started in with calling me "mija," and I was a goner. I'm not sure why, but some little, older lady calling me a term of motherly endearment always softens me right up. I ordered the Pollo Encebollado, described in the menu only as "chicken with onions." Hm. Well, I like chicken, and I like onions...so...that sounded pretty good! I was imagining something akin to an El Salvadorian fajita. As I picked up my order and drove back to work to enjoy it at my desk, visions of chunks of seasoned chicken and sauteed onions danced through my head. I settled down at my desk, took a deep breath, opened the nicely wrapped Styrofoam container, and...chicken on the bone? What? Who said anything about chicken on the bone? With some reddish, tomatoey-looking sauce? What is this? Where are the delicious, unauthentic strips of white meat chicken? The browned onions, all oily and slippery? THIS ISN'T FAJITAS! Well, no. It isn't fajitas...fajitas are somewhere else on the menu. This is Pollo Encebollado, and I didn't know what I was ordering. Pollo Encebollado, at Eliana's, is two drumsticks covered in a flavorful, tomato-based sauce, paired with a few cooked onion slices. The meal includes rice, beans, and tortillas, but I went for double rice, which is kind of yellow in color and studded with chopped carrots and onions. The tortillas are like fat little pancakes that taste like tortillas, if that's not a completely ignorant description. I don't generally eat chicken on the bone, but, hey. I ordered it, I was really wanting to try it, so I broke a personal rule and dove in. While it wasn't quite what I had imagined, I liked it well enough and was able to finish it. I wasn't sure what to think. I wasn't too into it...definitely not enough to order that same thing again, but I didn't want to write Eliana's off completely, based merely on some weird, prissy, arbitrary issue I have with chicken on the bone. I told my boyfriend about the restaurant, and suggested that we go try it out together. He had actually heard of it before from a Salvadorian coworker who raves about it frequently.We went on a Friday evening at around 5:00...the restaurant was, again, nearly empty. A very friendly man seated us and took our drink orders. I first tried the Orchata, which was very different from the Mexican variety I'm sure most of us are familiar with. It was actually a milky brown in color, rather than white...it looked, to me, like a glass of chocolate milk. The color, I found out later, comes from the addition of an ingredient called Morrow Seed. It also tastes a little different, in a way that is hard to explain...I'd also probably chalk that up to the Morrow Seed. For our entrees, my boyfriend had the Chile Relleno, and I ordered the Arroz a la Valenciana...mostly because it is painted on the outside of the restaurant, and seems to be their "hallmark" dish. Note: before your order arrives, you receive a salty little cup of chicken soup. I wasn't too into the soup itself, but I was oddly touched by the effort to add a little something extra and a little something nice to the dining experience. Maybe I'm a sappy weirdo. Well, not maybe, I definitely am, but between the "mija"s and the cute little soups, I felt very charmed by the man and woman working there, and really, really wanted to enjoy my food so I could write a big, long review on Yelp about how wonderful their restaurant is. Neither my boyfriend or I really enjoyed either of our dishes. My dish was served cold, which I wasn't expecting, and seemed very flavorless to me...other than the unusual taste of bananas I seemed to pick up from the rice. The man helping us suggested that I pour the bean substance on my dish to "create a new flavor." I thought this was also a really cute thing to say, but, unfortunately, I followed his advice and did not enjoy the "new flavor" I created. All in all, I enjoyed the Arroz a la Valenciana much less than the Pollo Encebollado.Annnnd I'm out of characters. If you want to hear about the Chile Relleno or the Ensalada beverage, message me!
3	Friendly service and cheap, cheap, cheap prices!  My husband and I had 5 pupusas between the two of us, horchata, and an ensalada drink for a grand total of $16, including tip.  While I thought the pupusas were fine, though much cheesier than the ones I'm used to (from La Santaneca in SF), my husband proclaimed, "They were bland!"  I guess we will be continuing our search for comparable pupusas, though if I go by his standards, there are no other places that compare to his favorite restaurant in the city.
4	Another surprise Phoenix location.  I broke out of the norm once again and went to Eliana's for a lunch.The food here is amazing.   I was completely delighted by a new cuisine that I had never tried before.  The deep fried banana and ice cream that our server convinced us to get was well worth it, even though I had no room left in my stomach.If you haven't been able to tell from my previous posts, I am completely into the ambiance of a restaurant.  This one was of the things that was lacking in this restaurant, but it also made it charming and homey.The best part of the entire experience was our server.  You could tell that he was part of the family that owned the restaurant and truly cared for his location.  We quickly deemed him even more interesting than the Dos Equis man and decided that we needed to have some cocktails, and hear  some stories with this man.  There was something buttery in the way that he talked, a glimmer of hope in his voice, and a sense of passion about his business that really made you enjoy your experience.I will be back.  Don't you worry.  I will be back.  This time with more friends.
5	OK, I'll start with a disclaimer, I absolutely adore the people that run this restaurant and have been going to their restaurant since I moved to Phoenix around '91 (two locations ago).However, I have taken countless people to try the food from my native country and EVERYONE has LOVED it.   From my vegetarian to foodie (or chowhound) friends have found something (usually more) that keeps them coming back. Many thank me for having introduce them to this jewel of a restaurant. My favorite is the Mojarra Frita becaus it brings back memories of growing up in beautiful El Salvador.  I recommend the Especial Combinacion de Eliana's for first time visitors -- it has a Salvadorean tamale wrapped in banana leaf and is moist like a mousse; the tradtional pupusa and a savory turnover called Pasteles ($6).  For a hearty meal, the I recommend the Bistec (beef)  or Pollo (chicken) dishes that come with salad, rice, beans and Salvadorean tortillas ($8.95)..After reading some of the reviews, I just liked to say, thank you for trying out this food but it is not Mexican food.  I can recommend some of those if you msg me
4	Wonderful little place that was amazingly clean and friendly. We were greeted, sat ourselves, and then made the hard choice of what to order. The gentleman there was extremely attentive and friendly. We ordered one cheese Pupusa, one bean and cheese Pupusa, and something I cant remember the name of that was Plantain with Sour Cream and Beans. Food was delicious in it's own way. Not too impressed with the bean and cheese Pupusa but my sis just about died of the cheese Pupusa. The plantains were awesome, but the fried areas tasted a little too kin to onion rings for my taste. I love when you can taste the banana, with the cream and beans. Definitely will return to try the fajitas of shrimp with chicken.
4	I really like this place. We used to come here often and then didn't for a long time just because we weren't in the hood when they were open. The las two weeks I've been by and had a late lunch. The people that t=run this place are so genuinely nice. The ensalada drink is refreshing in this heat. I usually get a veg papusa and fried plantain. My husband had the chicken soup and loved it and then the chicken special and loved it. I'm so glad we went back.
2	After reading so many raved reviews of Eliana's, my fat female friend and I decided to give this place a chance.  We went there pretty early, around 4:15pm on a Thursday.  No one was there except us, I hope it's because of the time. My friend commented it must be a front for some South American drug cartel.  Har har.   I ordered the Ensalada (fresh fruit drink) while FFF ordered the Tamarindo ( tamarind citrus drink).  The ensalada is a very sweet drink with thin slices of pear and another fruit I can't seem to tell from the taste.  FFF thought her Tamarindo was sweet at first, then agreed with me it sucked.  It was too sour for my taste buds.  After 2 or 3 minutes, our appetizers came.  My Pupusa ( tortilla stuffed with cheese, pork, refried beans and green bell peppers) came flaming hot.  It was very crispy and tasty, but hardly any traces of pork..  FFF's first reaction to the tamal ( Salvadorian style chicken tamales with vegetables) was a fake cheerful smile.  After 2 more bites, her real opinion surfaced.  Two thumbs down.  I tried it and thought it was ok.  I wouldn't order it, but would eat it if someone offer them to me for free.   Mama Carmen's tamales are still the best.  After the appetizers, our waitress brought us some soup and what looks like a cole slaw or salad.  It was hard to tell.  We both agreed the cole slaw wasn't good.  I'm not a fan of cole slaw so i can't  really compare it to others.  Our soup was served in a cup the size of a shot glass, the short shot glass.  It was similar to chicken noodle soup.  It was their best dish out of the whole meal.  This shouldn't have been their best dish.  The main course finally came and the first thing FFF said was 'the rice is uncle bens'.  I gave her a weird smirk.  Her fish was really small.  They brought out the Filete de Pescado a la Plancha ( fish fillet on the grill)  for her, but she really ordered the Mojarra Frita con Chimo ( fried fish and refried beans).  She was really excited to eat the fish eyes.  The fish was really disappointed,  It was dry and there wasn't any sauce.   I could have cooked better fish.  My Fajitas de Camaron con Pollo o con carne ( fajitas of shrimp and chicken with refried beans. My chicken was dry and the shrimp didn't have any flavor to them.  Applebee's fajitas was definitely better and that's not saying much.  The total bill came out to $32.39 which isn't bad.  We were disappointed with the food.  There wasn't much flavor to the food. The only nice compliment my friend had about the meal was it was a healthy.  Screw that!  If I wanted healthy, I'll go to subway or cypress pita grill.  This is my first review of many to come and it's starting off with a stinker.  Sorry folks.
2	I think I just don't like El Salvadoran food. It's either that or I accidentally consumed the cardboard and polymer display models in lieu of my actual entree. That was some seriously dry, bland food. Even tossing some watered down hot sauce on that pile of bland meat and carbs didn't really improve the edibility. I had the appetizer platter and the chicken with white rice and weird white sauce with a dry side salad. It was a bland, white platter of food. Plus, what's with the side salad of iceberg and radishes? Is it garnish? It's not dressed with anything and, you know, tastes just like a pile of lettuce. Maybe I'm just an ignorant prick. Maybe I ordered the wrong thing. Maybe I just don't like El Salvadoran (although I love just about everything else Central American). The pupusas were crazy delicious though. I would totally return for these. (And only these.)
4	I stopped in for a weekday lunch, and Eliana's was busy.  The server said, "I haven't seen you in a long time.  Do you want to see the menu, or do You already know what you want?"  I ordered my usual: dos pupusas con carne.  And flan, for dessert.  I am a sucker for a place that recognizes me.  I don't love everything on Eliana's menu, but I love these things.  The pupusas arrived at my table piping hot.  I use all of the cabbage salad on top of them, and about half of the sauce.  Yummy goodness!  I've tried a few other things on their menu:  fried yucca (interesting) beans and cream for dessert (not so much).  I'll stick with what I know and love.  Plus, Eliana's is right down the street from my office, and the prices can't be beat.  One caveat:  I ordered my lunch to go once, and the packaging left a lot to be desired.  The sauce came in a baggie.
5	We ate at Eliana's based on reviews we had read.  Since we had to be at Phoenix Sky Harbor Airport anyway, and, Eliana's was not far from the airport, we decided to have lunch.  It was wonderful and we highly recommend it.  Everyone was very friendly and the food was delicious.  There were 3 of us and we each had something different.  Every dish was fresh and flavorful.  The juice drinks (I wish I could remember the names) were very good.  We will definitely go back.
4	Went with the family and it was a good time with good food.  I enjoyed trying something new to me.  The tamarindo drink was AMAZING.  We tried the yucca appetizer, the green corn tamale appetizer, the fried plantain with bean and sour cream appetizer.  Really enjoyed all of them.  Can't say I could pick a favorite.  My husband had the chicken and sour cream and my son had the carne asada.  They enjoyed their dinner but I thought the appetizers I ate looked better.
4	I found Eliana's when I was on a quest to find pupusas. I am from So Cal and I really miss the easy access to authentic multicultural cuisines. Currently I am on a new quest. This one is to get my 6yo daughter to try more things beyond her usual chicken. I thought of Eliana's because a cheese pupusa is pretty tame and kid friendly. She flipped for the pupusas (plain cheese-no condiments) and the Ensalada de Fruta (pineapple) and I got to feed my craving. Brought the hubby here as well and I am pretty sure he had Arroz a la Valencia. Hard to remember because it disappeared so quickly. Eliana's is a bit of a drive from our house, but it is becoming a family favorite nonetheless.The service was good and quick. The food was hot, fresh and delicious. I highly recommend the Plantanos Fritos con Crema y Frijoles as either an appetizer or dessert. Too yummy! And yes, the decor is shabby but the prices are low - it all evens out as far as I am concerned. Though try to get a table instead of a booth - the booths are pretty uncomfortable.
5	Love this place. Service is always excellent-- it's usually the owner that waits on you. The food is wonderfully flavorful without using a lot of spice. Natural flavors are what makes this place tick.I've eaten here many times, and my recommendation is that you just order every appetizer on the menu and forget the entrees. At least, the first time you go anyway... You'll want to try it all.Very good food!
5	Supporting local business with international flavor.  What's not to like?
5	I eat at this restaurant about once per month, so I figure I should give them credit. If the food was horrible, I would have written a review a long time ago. (That makes me kind of a jerk, huh?)So fair is fair. If your restaurant is terrible, I will report it.This place is excellent. Ironically, today, the day I write this review, I went here "just for the ride." I was not feeling well and really didn't think I would be able to eat. So I just went to have iced tea.The lady who waited on us (the owner?) heard me mumble to my companion that I wasn't feeling well. I'll just have iced tea, I told her.In a motherly way, she said, "why don't you try some soup to make you feel better?"So I agreed. Who can turn down soup?It was delicious and I felt better after I ate it.But since I've been here many times, the must-haves: plantanos fritos, yucca, papusas and the best iced tea in the world.
4	This place is fabulous.  We get the pupusa with just beans and cheese - so simple but so delicious.  The platano and yucca are also excellent.  The beans, alone, are worth the visit.  There are also yummy drinks.  We are a vegetarian family but we've brought meat eating friends and family there too - there is something for everybody and everyone has been pleased.The service is so friendly and welcoming.  Go there!
4	Just a quick trip from Arcadia or Biltimore area  and you are eating Salvadorian cuisine. Reasonably priced, and large portions, with extras like a little bowl of chicken noodle soup to start you off. Had a chance to speak with the owner and he gave us some background on the place and his daughters name is Eliana. It saddens me to go into a place like this at 7pm and not see it packed, when any given Fox Restaurant has a wait out the door. (Really PHX?) Either way, go support this restaurant and your stomach. You will enjoy the food and atmosphere. Also the owner has come to our table everytime we have eaten there and said hi while  personally asking if everything is OK.  There is a dish with chicken and sour cream that has the word Favorito in the name, that is my fiancee's favorite. Oh yah. And get down with some Papusas. You want be sorry.
5	The pupusas here are as good as the ones I got on the side of the road in El Tunco, El Salvador last summer. The only difference is those cost me 25 cents each while these are 20 times that. I guess that's what happens when you have to pass American health codes...
4	I used to go there for lunch before I retired. I brought my wife there a couple of times, and she loves it, but it's such a long way from our home.This restaurant is always clean. There was an employee mopping the floor after the lunch crowd.  My favorite is the Arroz A La Valenciana. All the vegetables are fresh and the pupusas are excellent.
5	Really nice place to catch a reasonably priced dinner! From the outside it doesnt look all that special but dont let that fool you. Inside is clean and nicely decorated. Service is friendly and prompt. I had a grilled chicken breast served with peppers and onions with a sour cream sauce along with beans and rice...thumbs up to the dish! Wouldn't hesitate to come back again soon!
4	Loved this place.  The service was great, the restaurant was spotless, the food was really great and it was very affordable.  The Pupusa's were amazing!  I also loved their mango iced tea and the desserts were really tasty as well.
4	The pupusas are absolutely delicious! I'm a huge fan of the Bean and Cheese! Also, their rice was spectacular! It's been a long time since I've had a restaurant do rice right! I had the Orchata (which was very different than the Horchata that I'm accustomed to, but still delicious). I have a feeling I'll be trying the Ensalada drink next time. As for the place, itself, I walked in and was immediately greeted by a person I can only assume was the owner. She was friendly but professional. Once she took my order, she got straight to cooking. Overall, I was very impressed. This place is definitely going to become one of my regulars!
5	Excellent food.  Everything was delicious and not at all greasy-tasting (which is unusually for foods like pupusas and friend plantains).  One of the best latin restaurants in AZ.
5	Decided to stop by after a recommendation from a family member, and I was not disappointed. I had a pupusa filled with meat and cheese, and arroz a la Valeniana, which is a rice dish with chicken and shrimp mixed in. Both were delicious. I will definitely be back to try some more dishes.
5	I took my boyfriend here for his birthday dinner. He's partial to latin american food since that's what his mom and grandma would make during his childhood.We got there about 45 minutes before they were to close and we were greeted by whom, I can only assume were the owners. It was clean and reminded me a lot of the atmosphere from when I was vacationing in Belize. I ordered the iced tea, which was extremely refreshing, and my boyfriend had the horchata. Their horchata wasn't bad, just less sweet than we've ever had before. As for the food, we order 1 bean and cheese pupusa and one meat and cheese. I think the meat and cheese had more flavor, but the bean and cheese was still pretty good.For our main meal, I got the bistec encebollado and my boyfriend ordered the carne asada. The bistec was delicious! It came with rice and beans and was smothered with the onion gravy. It also came with a small bowl of some other gravy-type food. It was a little gritty for my liking so I didn't  use it with anything. I can't say what the carne asada tasted like as my boyfriend ate it all up before I had a chance to try it. But, it looked pretty amazing. We'll definitely be coming back. And next time we'll bring friends and family so they can try it out too! Great place.
4	A favorite for excellent El Salvadoran food. Can't get enough of the pupusas, platanos fritos and horchata.
1	One of my worst experience ever my eating pupusas. With that said the owner took our order and she was rude not friendly at all.....1. She get the order wrong2. She food was kind of cold3. Seen like she didn't want to be there (she is the owner) found out she was the when I was paying the bill4. She was trying to over charge the bill postings images of bill.  5. She never told us about the drinks weren't free refills 6. Got mad when I pointed out that the bill was added wrong 7. Slam the bill on the table when she corrected it. Even my girlfriend who is calm was shocked8. When the bill the guy owner said sorry for the bad serviceWhen noticed I not happy
5	This place is awesome.  Great customer service and authentic Salvadorian food.  We had meat pie, pupusas, chicken soup, chicken tamale rice and beans.  Pineapple fruit drink was delicious.  We were on our way to the celebrity theatre and stopped to have a bite to eat.  It was only 5 minutes away.   Place is very clean the spicey cabbage went really well with the pupusas (this was my favorite).  The soup had lots of goodies to add to the soup.  Their vegetables were really al dente yummy.  We will be back again.
4	Their weekend brunch is awesome! I have gone to it many times and have always been completely satisfied.
