5	I'm so very pleased with WMG. I am very picky (my four year old has been in two in home and three centers). He has thrived at WMG in the grasshoppers room. Ms. Morgan and Ms. Tammy are fantastic. My baby, currently six months also attends WMG. We love the staff and have no complaints (for once!) Julie, the owner, and Andrea, the director are both also very responsive and communicate openly - which is ideal!!
2	My daughter was 2 yrs old when she started going to WMG. She attended all day, 3 days a week for a year.  I decided to send her for socialization and preschool learning.  In my opinion WMG is nothing but a glorified day care.  She hated going and was constantly sick, which I later found out was due to their lack of cleaning.  On several occasions I walked in to filthy bathrooms and EXTREMELY unruly kids.  I was told by several  ex-employees that they would often run out of food for the older kids & would take from the younger kids to give to the older ones.  I would never recommend this child care to even my worst enemy.
3	Director very receptive. However my daughter was sick all the time, I almost lost my job.  I found out later, they were not washing the kids hands prior to meal times and my child was allowed to eat off other kids plates.  Loved the cameras but teacher had back to children quite often.
5	Watch me grow is such a fantastic place to take your kids.  I started my boys out at the big daycare places that get you in the door with all the fancy things they offer. That does nothing when you go to pick them up and #1, they  don't know what kid your there to get and #2 you cant find them because they have put your child in a different room then you drooped them off. WMG is small and what kids need at this age.  My boys are 3 and 2 and love it there.  Julie and Andrea are amazing and are very easy to talk to and work well with parents schedules. My boys teachers are so fantastic!  It truly makes me feel so happy that I found somewhere where my kids go that they love and I love!
5	We have had both of our daughters at WMG for almost two years now. I cannot say enough about this daycare. They go above and beyond to make sure each child is comfortable and happy. I have never been to a daycare where the children loved the teachers so much. A huge indicator that this place is great is that their teachers never leave. We have not a had an issue with any of them. Our family recently went through a rough time and Andrea (Director) & Julie (Owner) helped us in a way we could never have imagined. The teachers are amazing, there are cameras so you can feel like you are always with your child. This has become like a second family to us.
