4	Right on, I've been on a roll lately.  All of my recent updates have been great experiences.  LIFE IS GOOD. This one is no exception.  Had lunch here at McCools today & it was Great!  I had a lemon pasta w/ chicken in a Cajun seasoned sauce & a great local American Pale Ale.  This is why eating & drinking LOCAL is so important.  Spend your money, invest in your community & enjoy every bite! I always do!
3	Talk about slumming last night uh!  Anyways, this place is pretty huge, but in an odd location.  I'm not big fan of bars in strip malls, but I guess I can't complain where I get my drinks.  I'm sure this place does well during the weekends and happy hour weekdays, but their night life needs to pickup on Friday nights.  The band there was alright; hair and classic rock :)  Not much drink specials, but maybe I went on the wrong night.  Did not try their food at this point, but their kitchen was closed anyways.  I think I'll need to make a come back to for a more accurate review of this place....stay tuned
5	Me and my boyfriend stopped in here for lunch on a Friday afternoon and it wasn't busy at all, there was only one waitress working the bar & tables. The decor is cool like, very rock style with guitars hanging from all around the walls. I liked it because it wasn't too bright inside like most places that give me a headache. The waitress very attentive and nice. The food was a good price too, I ordered the sliders with fries and my boyfriend had the buffalo burger with onion rings. They were juicy, tasty and hot. The sauce was yum too. We payed $21 before tip for both our dishes and two sodas and only waited about ten minutes for our food to come out. Not too bad for lunch!
5	They have the best food. We drive all the way from the west valley to do dinner at McCool's. Last night I had the Teq. Chicken salad which was sooo yummy and filling! Also the cotton candy martini's are so cute not to mention super yummy! Hey every girl loves pop rocks! They were doing a battle of the bands last night and the first band Rock Garden was awesome!! Xoxo
5	You have got to give props to a business that is engaged locally... Everyone complains about the lack of Live Music and here you have a staff putting it on the line... Maybe you don't like one or two bands but instead of sterile treatment and lowest common denominator you have someone picking up the pieces of a shattered music scene... the bar is great, the food is good and the vibe rocks...  We just need 20 more bars like this around the "Valley of the Sun" and we would be ok again....
5	I happened to walk in on a Tuesday for lunch.  It was $5.00 burger day.  I decided to order.  WOW!!!!  Hand formed patty that rivals in flavor any of the best burgers out there.  Fries weren't bad but what I really went crazy for was the soup.  I learned that the chef (yes chef!) was from Louisiana and made some seafood etouffee that day.  It was so delicious that I marched back to meet him and promptly asked him to marry me.  He laughed it off and gave me a sample of his homemade eggnog which was also wonderful.  If you like a casual bar atmosphere with great food I highly reccoment McCool's!
5	LOVE this place!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! McCools F'n ROCKS!
5	Loved it!  Went here for lunch today.  Kind of weird because we were the only people in there the whole time which is usually a bad sign but the food was awesome.  We both had plain old burgers which were juicy and cooked perfectly.  Got the 1/2 fries and 1/2 rings, rings were the best and I ate all of them.  Prices were fine.  Will definitely be going there again sometime.
