3	I was happy to find this restaurant in my hotel.  It was late and I didn't want to venture out.  The bar had more people than I expected for a Monday night.  I ordered the gnocchi, which I believe was misspelled on the menu ("gnocci").  I planned on pointing this out to the waitress until I heard the way she pronounced gnocchi ("knock-y").  (I wonder if she told people she worked at "Bigelow Grill-e.")  Somehow this made my dining experience seem a little less upscale.  Overall, I was pleasantly surprised with the ambiance - aside from the thick cigarette smoke at the bar.  This sentence had me scratching my head for a while, "Bigelow is serving innovative and imaginative interpretations of ethnic Pittsburgh classics."  Maybe some Pittsburghers will fill me in sometime.
4	Food is consistently good at this restaurant - lunch or dinner... as well as the service - which is very attentive and friendly. One of my favorites. It also seems to be very popular for pre-game dinners among Pittsburgh Penguins fans due to close proximity to Mellon Arena
3	I had lunch here last week mainly because of its convenient location.  Tom and I are considering leasing some office space in the building and thought we needed to gather all the information neccessary to make an informed decision (local bar and restaurant obviously having a solid influence).  I wasn't too excited to have lunch here I had wanted to try it years ago when Kevin Sousa gained local and some national attention for his alchemy menu, however that was several restaurants ago for Kevin and I believe he is now at Nine on Nine.  Anyways, we got there at about 1145 I think on Thursday.  The waitress came over and took our drink orders and then left us alone for a little too long... about 20 minutes however she probably thought we were busy since there was blueprints everywhere.  She finally came over and was friendly enough and took our order.   The space itself is minimalist with earth tone colors and a well stocked bar in the back.  It has hardwood floors plenty of sunlight and in general is a very adequate space and it's good there is a seperate entrance on the side to get to the restaurant without having to walk through the hotel lobby.  We started with some cold bread and cold oil of some type, kind of meh'.  Again, I wasn't expecting too much from this hotel restaurant.  I started with a cup of there soup of the day which was a spicy black bean soup, that was surprisingly... well... delicious I'd say.  My only complaint is that it wasn't that spicy and was served only slightly warm, not pipin' hot how most soup should be.  I ordered the BLT that came with Pierogies as an option for a side instead of just regular fries or a veggie.  The Pierogies were really good served perfectly sauteed with good potato and cheese filling and perfectly caramalized onions and sour cream.  i was really happy with this side, not just because it was an option as a side, but because it was executed perfectly.  My BLT was also really good.  It wasn't just normal or crispy bacon it was thick braised pork/bacon with a reallly delicious flavor served on really good quality sour dough bread with a nice slaw of some type instead of just lettuce.  The price was also good at $10 for the sandwich and sides.  It was a healthy portion. Speaking of prices I thought my cup of soup was a bit overpriced in comparison at $6 for the cup.  Tom had the "Cheese Steak", which wasn't steak at all but braised short ribs served wtih good quality amish chedder.  The fact that these folks put such care into the lunch menu makes me want to go back for Dinner.  I was pretty impressed and pleasantly surprised by this lunch spot and may be another check in the plus column in influencing to add space in this area.  I probably should give this place four stars, but I've been told recently that I'm too generous with the stars so maybe I'm a bit self conscious.  In either case I'll be back.
4	great burgers!
3	I'm always a little bit wary of hotel restaurants--they seem to vary so wildly in quality but tend to be less than stellar on balance.  I found Bigelow Grille on OpenTable, though, and so I made a reservation as an out-of-towner--I didn't need the reservation, though, as the place was almost totally empty at 8 PM on a Thursday.The service was OK--the waiter seemed to be busy setting up other tables for customers that never arrived--but he also didn't seem to be too familiar with the wine list and looked confused when I asked him basic questions about the menu.The food was decently priced.  My bill, including appetizer, wine, main course, coffee and tip was exactly $50.However, the food was only OK.  The pan-seared calamari resembled pasta and was served with mushrooms that were a bit flaccid as well as a few undressed lettuce leaves inexplicably on the side.  The pork tenderloin was most definitely not served medium rare as I asked, but it still tasted good--it was flavorful enough but the whole dish was a bit one-note.  The food really struck me as more along the lines of what a good home cook (not an expertly trained chef) would turn out in a restaurant environment.I don't want to pan the place entirely, as the prices are reasonable and the service is friendly... just don't expect to be jolted by the food.
3	I'm gonna go along with what Ryan has to say about this place.  I'm also wary of hotel restaurants because they vary so greatly in quality and they tend to be a little pricey.  Besides, a hotel bar-and-grill is one of the least likely places you'd expect a sister-and-brother to dine at.  My brother Paul and I ended up eating dinner here last night before going over to the Civic* Arena for the Roger Daltry/Eric Clapton concert.  Our original plan had been to meet at Chinatown Inn.  Indeed, I had my heart and palate set on good Chinese food.  But with the winter weather we decided to eat at a place a little closer to the Arena.The food here wasn't bad, but holy macaroni!  $12.00 for my cheeseburger?  $15.00 for my brother's steak sandwich?  Good thing we ordered off the bar menu, 'cos we weren't planning on spending $35.00 per person for dinner.  We're not cheap or anything, but niether one of us budgeted close to $90.00 for the two of us after tax and tip!  But it's alright in a pinch and I guess they cater to travel-weary hotel guests.*Yes I still call it the Civic Arena.
3	2.5 Stars,  The restaurant sits staunchly between Meh and Allright, Okay, not Terrible.  I should write the new Yelp ranking guidelines.So, I've had the, um, pleasure of having about 3 meals here due to my long-term residence at the Double Tree Hotel.  Now, don't go stalking me in the lobby.  If you want to say HI, I'll be in the bar.  I digress.  The food is simply OK.  My steak in the steak salad wasn't a great juicy quality; not sure of the cut.  Pasta thingie I had was boring and flavorless.  Gorgonzola flatbread pizza? Was a Boboli!!  Bar closes at 12ish, which was discovered post-Pens game and pre-somebarsomewhereinpittswheretheycondonesmokingandIranintoallthehotelstaff(say that quickly 10 times).  There is this one bartender who is s.l.o.w. and I am not going to detail his slowness any further.The wine list is bah-ring and spen-die. Imma drink in my room from now on.
2	I have stayed at the Doubletree many times.  Nice hotel and staff.  This Bigelow Grill is a 5 star wanabe.  It is usually empty except for Penguin games or concerts.  Then you can't get in.  The service is horrible and the food is unique and that is being nice.  It is over priced!  Most dinners are $30 and $40 and don't come with salads and often no vegetables.  I have eaten there a few times and that's either because business associates wanted to eat there or it was raining/snowing outside.  Examples of horrible meals: 2 small lamb chops in a clay pot on top of some unknown rice.  I asked for a baked potato and there was none to be found.  I was told I can only order what the chef puts on his menu.  Another meal my business associate ordered short ribs.  They were horrible!  I have ordered Salmon and it was a very small portion for $30+.  I did have lunch there once and had a decent overprice hawaiian chicken sandwich.  Once it took a very long time to get our meals.  Other people we knew came it 30 minutes after us and had their meals before us.  The waitress told us that we should have seen the large party in the restaurant (party of 15) and not come in since they can't handle it.   The small bar in the back of the restaurant will allow you to order some overpriced sandwiches but for some reason you can't get any of that food in the other half of the restaurant.  Deserts are nothing great and are overpriced.  I recommend sticking with the Doubletree cookies.  They are great!
4	Bigelow Grille's staff was very warm and friendly.  The food was delightful and surpassed my expectation.  My favorite parts of the meal were the starting bread with this amazing chutney dip followed with spicy tomato bisque.  It was a very well balanced and hit the spot!  Their brewed iced tea was also refreshing; especially compared to most brewed teas in the area.  I will most certainly try again in the near future.
3	I eat at the Grille on a weekly basis since it is where our Pittsburgh Kiwanis Club meets.  The staff at the BG is extremely nice and accommodating, whenever their schedule allows we get the table in the nook area where we can have our meeting while eating and not disturbing the rest of the restaurant which to a certain degree gives the meeting a higher degree of business atmosphere.Having tried several of their dishes I can say that their most recent menu revisions address a lot of the concerns I have read in past reviews.  Portion sizes are very generous (the exception being their seafood offerings) and their quality of cooking is quite good.  In the last couple of months I have tried:   - Bigelow Burger   - Jumbo Sandwhich   - Artesan Grilled Cheese with Tomato Soup   - Crunchy Tilapia Tacos   - Chicken Panini    - Several DessertsAll of the dishes above met or exceeded my expectations.  The pricing fluctuates from the affordable (Grilled Cheese & Soup) to the extravagant (seafood dishes).  Be advised that some of their deserts infuse a lot of flavors that to the inexperienced palate will come as a shock.  Granted with the aforementioned revisions they've also toned down the infusions theme in the desserts.I can certainly see myself taking friends to the BG, and definitely continuing our meetings as long as their staff and management will have us.
3	With the raining beating down outside we decided to just grab a bite here since we were staying at the Double Tree hotel attached.We ordered a salad and a sandwich with the perogies. Both were fresh, delicious and elegantly presented. (Check the pictures out).They also started us off with some bread and 'tomato, oil' concoction for dipping. Yum!The waitress, hostess and manager were all extremely friendly, polite, and willing to accommodate even asking if I'd like to make any substitutions to the salad without being prompted to do so. Our waitress could probably have used a little polishing. "Are you done with the tomato stuff?" or "The Bean Fritters are fritters with beans in them". But now I'm just being picky, she really was a great waitress overall.I'd definitely return.
2	The food is ok. Not worth the price. Portions are very small. Did not feel like I got my money's worth. Service was friendly but slow.
1	Ok, staying at the Doubletree which is a nice hotel I thought maybe the breakfast would be alright.  It was not a good experience.Getting there a bit after 10am, we were asked if we wanted the buffet.  Now I'm not a big fan of buffets, since everyone is touching the utensils and it's kind of gross, but the added fact that we would likely be some of the last people in for it made methink better of that option very quickly.  As we were seated the waitress asked if we wanted the buffet.  Again no.  She brings my coffee, no milk.  I ask for milk and she says "1 sec".  Well 5 minutes later I ask again.  5 minutes after that I finally have milk.I got an omelet for breakfast.  It was so greasy, that it stayed with me all day.  It was just a bad, bad awful experience.
5	I travel a LOT, and I can probably count the number of amazing hotel restaurants I have found on one hand. This place just bumped someone off the list. WOW.This is a totally upscale version of Pittsburgh classic fare. Don't be misled by all of the negative complaints - they sound like nice, blue collar folk. But dinner here is definitely not blue collar. For one, the menu is the way it's supposed to be - chosen by the chef based on what is in season and at the peak of flavor. Everything is local, and to a foodie, that is a beacon of quality. And the creativity the chef uses in building out the menu is worthy of the Food Network.I had some spicy tomato bisque tonight that was just out of this world. Then I went with the chef's own sausage and cheese creation. Classic for Pittsburgh, right? Except the quality was WAY above expectations and just filled my palate with delicious complexity. I am already planning on coming back tomorrow night.If you want a simpler, cheaper meal - head over to the nearby Primanti's. If you want to savor every bite and challenge what you think you already know about food, get to the Bigelow Grille now. It's that good.
3	It's fine.  No, really, it's fine.Seriously, it's fine.I'm not being sarcastic, it's fine.__________________________________(this is just for the breakfast buffet, which I've had 10-15 times since I usually stay here when I come to Pittsburgh)
3	Took forever to get a cup of coffee. Got the breakfast buffet which was only $15, a good deal considering the item's price when ordered a la carte. The sausage was gross. The man at the omelet station made me a spinach and mushroom egg white omelet, which was very good. They have an assortment of FRESH fruit, which is nice...everything else is EH...ok.
1	Awful service. Poor management. Food was decent but not worth the experience of dining there.
1	Came here on a business trip and was happy to see that they had a nice looking bar and restaurant on site. Right away, however, I could tell it wasn't going to blow me away. The person I was sitting next to at the bar had their food come thirty minutes late and was audibly upset. My food was nothing to write home about and was still overpriced. It took way too long for the food to come out. The waitresses and bartenders were.., man, I really hate to say it, but they just didn't see, to want to be there, which made me feel the same.
3	This is the second time that we ate here (see my prior review), this time before the Monday night Steeler game. I thought it would be jammed, but only a few tables were occupied. The menu has changed. We had light fare, soup, salad, etc. I can say it was good, although the grilled cheese was just that: a hunk of gouda, grilled with crostini. Good but a bit disconcerting when you were expecting a sandwich. I had the bolognese with pappardelle and it was very good. Would I go here if I wasn't staying at the hotel and this wasn't a convenient, easy place to eat on a cold, rainy, windy evening? No. I think they are trying too hard to make this something that it can't be. It feels pretentious. They'll never attract people from outside the hotel to this restaurant given the location. What the hotel needs is a good bar that serves good bar food and downhome Pittsburgh basics. How about some perogies and keilbasa? I think they'd pack the place.
3	Poor people. The darn Pen's are on strike and the whole place is like a ghost town! Considering I never come up this way, I wasn't even aware it existed. What lured us here really was a promise of complimentary breakfast buffet. If there's the word complimentary and buffet in a sentence, I'M THERE!So this buffet to the untrained eye is fully loaded. Made to order omelets, french toast, waffles, cut grapefruit, many many kinds of pastries, yogurt and granola. etc, etc, etc. So, to sum it up, a crap load of food!So as mass amounts of food are produced, I feel that the quality of food goes down. The eggs were dry, the home fries weren't as crispy as they should be and the grapefruit, not so fresh. I did, however, enjoy the French Toast and pastries. They were both fresh and delicious. Ironic that the worst things for you were the best. Of course! Service was nice, if not a touch slow, you know when it's so slow in a restaurant that service is slow? Would I seek this place out again? No. But for another free buffet. Heck yes!
1	Honestly, the worst place i have eaten.  The food was real bad.
2	Unfortunately this place hasn't improved for dinner.  I don't  understand why management doesn't redo this restaurant.  Given the number of people that stay in the hotel, this place is usually empty at night except when there is a Penguins game.  I'm sure they are excited that the strike is over.  The Breakfast buffet is very good during the week; omelette station or eggs anyway you like it.  Nancy is a great server!  They have high turnover among the other servers; and service is usually lacking if you don't get Nancy.
2	I am staying at the DoubleTree now, but a few months ago had read about the Bigelow Grille.  I like to eat at restaurants that prioritize local fare.  I flew into Pittsburgh and got to the hotel after 8pm.  The restaurant is open until 11pm.  I was excited to put my stuff away and come down.  It was not crowded at all.  I should have sat at the bar, but was swayed into a booth, by myself.  I don't mind eating by myself, but when my server is more interested in the family with several young, audible children, instead of me, I get a little annoyed.  They start with bread and this tomato-ish dip (which was delicious).  I ordered the roasted cauliflower, which was also delicious.  I asked the server which was better - the fish and chips, or the burger.  She suggested the fish and chips.  I went with it, but wondered if it really took 20 minutes after getting my cauliflower to receive my entre.  It was heavily breaded and the batter greasy.  I could scoop the fish out of the middle.  I do prefer my fish to be lightly breaded and easily eaten.  I left all the breading in my bowl.  The fish was also placed on top of potato wedges - which the server really raved about - but they were also greasy from the fish.  I didn't finish that.  Still hungry, I would have ordered dessert, however, I was made to wait another 20 minutes after obviously finishing my meal before I could get my check.  And then made to wait again.  So, 2 stars for mediocre fish and chips and bad service.  (however, they do use locally sourced food, so I'm a little torn about leaving it at 2)
2	While the food was good/standard restaraunt hotel food, the dinner entrees I got was smothered in oil. I asked for a side of steamed veggies and specified no oil... They came covered in butter. So... If you're looking for something healthy or even just something not overkill heavy, this is not a good place.
2	I had been really excited to try this restaurant because the menu looked so good, but I was quite disappointed. I went there for dinner on the 4th of July with my husband and mother-in-law. The food was pretty mediocre. The decor seemed cheap (also keep in mind that it's located in a hotel). Our server was rushing us the whole time, serving our dinner while we were still eating our appetizers, asking if we wanted dessert menus when we were still eating our entrees... She was very nice, but in too much of a hurry, and she also forgot the beer my husband ordered. Would not go back here.
4	Located on the lobby floor of the Double Tree Hotel, Bigelow Grille is pretty much open all day. I had the fortune of enjoying all of my breakfasts for free with a coupon voucher given to my group as a compliment. The buffet is full. Fresh, and yes I mean fresh cut fruits and all in separate bins which allows for the enjoyment of either one or all of them. The eggs are carton type and are served with or without cheese. There is an array of cereals to choose from and milks. On the mornings that I had breakfast here they had an omelette bar with a lurky looking individual cooking them. Well.... The omelette that I have had have all come out as a neat pile of scrambled eggs and whatever I chose to have with them. The seating and lighting are perfectly quaint. Overall...... A nice experience.
3	Who'd've thought a hard-to-find place tucked beneath a hotel would be the place to grab some really good chow?Bigelow Grille prides itself on being a local and organic kitchen and bar, and I have to say, they know their stuff when it comes to their food. Their presentation and set-up, though...it leaves room for improvement.Before getting to the food menu I naturally looked over a wine menu and was disappointed by my limited options. If you only order a glass rather than a bottle, you can only pick from about 5 options instead of 20 or so. Sadly the drink I really wanted was only available as a bottle...also, I dealt with a very weird reaction when I got carded; the waitress said, "Oh my gosh, you're a baby!" Is this normal etiquette when talking to a young adult woman who works full time and has been out of school for a while? It wasn't outright offensive but it was very offputting. What was I supposed to say to that?Well, fortunately the meal itself was actually pretty stupendous and made up for everything. The tomato bisque had a really good kick to it that even I, a hater of spicey foods, really enjoyed. The lamb burger I ordered was to die for - cooked perfectly, served with a side of greens and dressing, all in the perfect portions. Forget dessert - I'd come back just to try another burger or their gnocchi!It's definitely been a long time since I ate such a fresh meal that left me satisfied, and I truly want to come back and enjoy another one. Now if only the weather wasn't getting colder...sadly, we must add another complaint regarding the place's layout: the restaurant has a long row of unlocked sliding doors right next to the dining tables. I guess if those doors don't lock during the winter, I'll have to postpone my next visit to the land of local organic goodness for the summer. The food may be good, but it's not good enough to shiver over!
2	Just spent three nights at the Doubletree Hotel in Pittsburgh, where the Bigelow Grill is housed. We had dinner and breakfast there, and that was more than enough to send us out to find other dining establishments. The Appetizers at our Group's Table (providing the only truly tasty items in our experience with the menu):  Roasted Brussel Sprouts - simple, tasty, and cooked to perfection; Spicy Tomato Bisque - as advertised, spicy and a good soup; Winter Squash - sweet, cooked well, and a satisfying level of sweet to complement the natural sweet of the squash; "Artisan Cheese Plate" - consisting of exactly three pieces of uninspiring cheese, four pieces of toasted bread, a bit of jam, and a fresh berry or two (this one was particularly disappointing at its $11 price)Next, our Entre Selections (which left MUCH to be desired):  Duck - uninspired and strange flavor and texture combinations with a sweet rice and sweet paste beneath an unseasoned, undercooked duck; "Gourmet" Macaroni & Cheese with "smoked chicken" - elbow macaroni noodles with a small amount of, again unseasoned, cream, a hint of non-de script cheese, and a few chunks of chicken, the predominant impression being "dry"; Spanish Canelones - flavorless and dry as well; Lemon Risotto - the only bright spot in the entre selection tried at our tableFinally, our breakfast attempt the following morning: all I can say about the buffet is, Just Don't. Everything else off the menu was neither inspiring, nor awful...with the exception of the congealed lump of raisins that was passed off as "craisins" served with the mushy oatmeal.Because there are not a lot of dining options within a few blocks of the Doubletree on the weekends, our group really wanted to like the Bigelow Grille. They get two stars for the servers, who were friendly and helpful. However, the quality of the menu hovers between uninspiring, just bland, and awful.  NOT recommended.
1	Requested the Mac and cheese vegetarian and got a meat plate.  Then not checked on for 10 minutes and then had to wait for a new order.  F this place.  If given the choice of any other restaurant.  You should choose another place.  I waited almost an hour for some macaroni and cheese.  I could have drove home and made some kraft in a box for how long this isht took.
2	I ordered room service from the Bigelow Grille since I am staying at the Double Tree. I was pretty disappointed. I ordered the spicy tomato soup, the Bigelow Burger, and a side salad. The only reason it gets two stars is for how good the spicy tomato soup was. I'd rather have a large bowl of that than order the burger. The burger was below average - no toppings other than cheese and a slice of tomato.  I ordered the burger medium rare and I received a well done burger. It was pretty thin and not juicy.  My side salad was missing the dressing I ordered.  Needless to say, I'll be going elsewhere for my dinners.
1	The wife and I opted for the breakfast buffet for $16 dollars a piece. There was an omelet bar in addition to the usual breakfast buffet of eggs, bacon, pancakes, sausage, potatoes, French toast and fruits. The problem was in the half hour we were there, there was no chef at the omelet bar. We wondered if it was self serve omelets. I went to the buffet twice and in that time, no chef. I stood there at the omelet station for a while before my first trip to the buffet and nothing. No staff to tel me "it will be one minute, I'll send him out". As I'm paying the check, low and behold, the chef shows up. Very poor experience!
4	I'm writing to help bump up the rating for this restaurant. Stayed in the hotel and was hesitant to try because of some of the reviews here, but like someone else wrote, was just too tired to walk anywhere else. I had the rainbow trout with cous cous, kale and cherry tomatoes and it was delicious.  For breakfast had a simple two eggs over easy with rye toast and potatoes and fruit - also very good.  My service was friendly and timely  for both meals.   Definitely worth a visit.
3	This place is decent if you are in the area.  We ate here before a Penguins game and it satisfied our needs.  The appetizer with the tomato chutney and the bread was very delicious.   I recommend this appetizer if you do go there.
