1	Visting from Hawaii, stopped at the North Premium Outlets for shopping and food. Daughter wanted yogurt so we stopped in. Service is terrible. They have 2 lines, one for salad and one for smoothies and yogurts. Stood in line for yogurt which only had one other person in front of me. Salad line was super long, about 8 people in line. Waited for a long time. Person in front complained that she was standing there for awhile. After taking her order, cashier totally ignors me and the growing line waiting for smoothies and yogurt. I ask loudly if there were 2 lines or 1. They replied 2 seperate lines (one for salad and one for smoothies) so i question why the salad line cashier was able to take care of 8 people compared with 1 in the smoothie line. Asked for a manager, Chris (the manager) does not apologize and does not take my order, rather he defends his cashier by telling me that everyone goes their own speed and that I assume he thinks it was perfectly fine that she couldn't even handle taking more then one order compared to the cashier next to her taking 8 orders. Another women worker steps in and handles the situation, takes my order and then does not take my money. She should be the manager, not Chris. Chris does not know how to manage his employees nor how to give quality customer service. Filed a complaint with Green Leaf's Beyond Great Salads with my email and phone number, no follow up. I guess this is how they handle business. No customer service what so ever on either end.
2	Green Leaf's and Bananas is located in the food court of Las Vegas Premium Outlets North. Green Leaf's has made to order salads whereas Bananas serves smoothies and frozen yogurt. There are two lines respectively, and they both seemed to move slowly. We ended up ordering a Mango Magic smoothie and it took a while for us to get it as well. The smoothie itself wasn't as delicious as I'd hoped it be.
4	Very tasty fresh food! Sandwich not visually appealing but very tasty! (Turkey chipolte). Friends got wrap that they made fresh because she didn't want cheese. Great healthy choice!!
3	This restaurant is a very healthy option for somebody watching their carbohydrate intake. I had the chicken avocado sandwich which was very tasty. It had fresh avocado, and was very light and healthy. A plus on a SUPER hot day shopping at the mall in Vegas.
3	I can't remember the last time I ate at a food court.  So, I expected the worse and ended up with a deal. If you're at the Las Vegas Premium Outlets North and you're hungry, then be prepared for a very minimal selection.  It's a good thing places like the Green Leaf is around. Service was good and the line was short.  I got their Spinach Salad with 3 sides of chicken.  Yup...this was a lot of pollo and it sure hit the spot.  For $7.99, I got a deal.  Call it a steal.  My meal was fresh and the chicken was edible.  The next time I'm at the outlets and the it's time to feed, Green Leaf and Beyond is where you'll find me.
1	They are thieves we just ate there...they have sandviches on display but thats not the one you get. Its a totally different sandvich. Different size totally other kind of bread...compared to the one they are offering we received a very very tiny sandvich and we paid for that and the soda 12.99???come on........the soda they gave us half ice and 1 quarter of soda....the staff is rude I don even know how they are open still....definitely dont recommend togo there unless you wanna be disapointed...
1	This place is nasty - I got a salad with chicken that had been frozen and not fully thawed out. My wife got a wrap that was made 3 days ago (the date was written on the paper it was wrapped in). It was soggy and gross. We ended up just getting pizza. So much for choosing the "healthy" option.
3	Review for adjacent Banana's Smoothies counter- if you view the receipts posted in pics, the two places are separate lines that merge to one register.Salad counter has cafeteria-style buffet of toppings- four toppings seems to be standard, with $1/additional topping, which is absurdly high. At the least I'd expect the menu to have a few set salads to choose from rather than being exclusively build-your-own. Other counter is smoothies: the superfruit smoothie is my pick, with strawberry, blueberry, and pineapple, for a sweet taste but no added sugar. Price difference from small to large is less than a dollar, so the large makes more sense at just under $6.Service is pretty nonexistent, teens without social skills who toss your drink at you and can't answer menu questions. Typical mall food court restaurant in that regard, but this is probably your healthiest option.
