5	I've recently experienced the most splendid meal I've had in Las Vegas ,at this new restaurant "Intimate Fine Dining" in Henderson. I had an astounding 6 course meal, tasting all my favorite dishes and had them paired with wines that took me on a world expedition. In one night I had a fusion of Asian, French and American Cuisines. Chef Don and his staff presented the courses personally to me and I felt very comfortable.  The dishes were like devoring artwork they included Caprese Salad with house made mozzarella, heirloom tomatoes, basil sorbet with a balsamic maple reduction,  Hudson Valley Foie Gras pan seared on coconut banana bread toast and the Buffalo short ribs braised in Fat tire beer with parmesan rissotto cakes was amazing. Service was impecable they greeted myself and my guests with complimentary Champagne and I discovered a delicious wine with the Konrad Late Harvest Riesling 2002 from Malborough New Zealand from the Maitre D Robert ..When I left  the staff gave me  a rose I guess its my memory of the finest meal I've had in a while .
1	Sigh... I went today but looks like they are closed down. I looked inside and all the tables are gone. The website no longer works. If they moved please update us!!
5	This review is a little late, but the experience was something I will never forget. We (including my wife and 10 year old son) had the best dining experience we have ever had. We all chose the 10 course meal and it was unbelievable. The chef defines true fine dining. If you want a menu full of variety go to chain restaurant. The chef spent all day making from scratch all ten cources. The result was breath taking. The chef presented all cources and had perfect wine matching. The downfall to this restaurant was that few people understand fine dining. You do not order like you are at dominoes like Flora W. must have thought in the previous review. I asked the chef about that review and he had no idea. He just told me he gave out many promotional gift cards for dinner when he opened to get new business. I have heard the restaurant has closed. I was planning to return to Vegas next month and would have never missed the opportunity to go back. It is unfortunate that Henderson did not embrace this restaurant. They all are missing out on a true fine dning experience.
