3	Bonkerz Comedy Club is not your typical Ha Ha Hole or local Improv.  It's located inside the Palace Station on Sahara, best known around the world as the setting for the OJ Simpson armed robbery saga.  OJ jokes aside, Bonkerz is a place where road-hardened comedians come to make a crowd of mostly senior citizens laugh.I went to Bonkerz a couple months ago looking for some inspiration.  I just wanted to see some stand up comedy and that's exactly what you get.  Cost is $30.  $20 if you're a local.  Some guys are straight up stand up acts.  Some get raunchy, others have ill-conceived musical gimmicks.  Despite being a casino crowd, the group I was among the night in question really couldn't loosen up.  It seems most of them were just roaming through the place between a hand of Paigow and another max slot bet before they decided to slip into Bonkerz to "get the Vegas experience."  But considering the absurd lack of stand up offerings in Vegas (I'm not talking the regular Seinfeld/Leno headliners) this will do.You'll also have to get a drink or two during the show.  Yes, it's one of those kinds of shows so please tip your waitress.  For my money I'd rather spend $20 bucks on an hour of laughs than 2 minutes worth of wasted money on a hand of blackjack.
3	Bonkerz is a good comedy club.  I have been coming here for several years since it transitioned into a comedy club first as the LA Comedy Club.We came last night to see Louie Anderson in his Louie LOL show.  He's quite good.As for the other comics, I find it's hit or miss.  I have been here sometimes when I've laughed a lot, and there have been some night when two attempts at jokes seemed like an hour.  It's quite interesting to see how comics deal with a small audience of mostly seniors who are locals.Do a little research with their schedule when you pick a night to go.
3	This location used to be one of my favorite comedy clubs in town (back when the LA Comedy Club called Palace Station home) but it has gone downhill the past few times I have come. The comedians are usually pretty unknown and it's usually a crapshoot on whether they'll actually be funny or not. Our last trip there was on Saturday for friend's birthday. The comedians were sub-par on this occasion unfortunately. On many occasions there will be very good comedians and I am looking forward to a better-known comedian that will be there this week that we already have tickets for, but for the most part there is a 50/50 chance that you will laugh, which is pretty good considering you often get free or discounted tickets to this place if you are a local.
