3	Good selection of burgers and drinks.  Excellent bottomless fries.  Tops for a chain burger place.
3	This location is ok, messed up a few times on orders and made us wait and wait for refills and endless fries. The burgers are ok, but the waiting and waiting (and we had to wait for check long time too). I will try again and see if they are just trying to figure things out still at this rather new location.
4	Got a craving for a burger, and found a coupon in the mail for Red Robin, so I decided to give the place a shot on a Friday night.  At 7:45 p.m., there was a long line of people out the door - no way am I *waiting* for Red Robin, we'll have to try another time.  Went back again on a Sunday at 5 p.m.  No wait at all, though the place was on the busier side for this time on a Sunday night.  The waiter was fine - got the orders right, brought timely refills on the drinks.  He hustled, but acted too busy to actually be friendly; I don't think the place was *that* busy.  The burgers were flavorful as were the unlimited steak fries.  Dinner was inexpensive, especially with that coupon ($28 total, including tip.)  Will definitely come again when I want another burger.
4	Today the service and food was amazing.  Much better then the last time we went.  Everyone was in the mood for burgers so after visiting Dicks Sporting Goods, it seemed like the right choice (its right next door)  We had the onion rings for the appetizer and it was really good.  Everyone left happy and full.  Will def go back since they got everything together now.
5	I have eaten at this location a couple of time. The food is always fresh, hot and cooked the way I ask.  Service is excellent.  I will be back :)
5	Excellent burgers! EXCELLENT service!! Drinks were there before we finished them. Atmosphere was nice. Fries were great--unlimited too! Go there! You won't be disappointed!
5	Best burgers. Unlimited fries are the best. Gift card program is a must.
4	Really enjoyable eating at this place, it's runned very well...service is great.  And the burgers are awesome.  Very laid back atmosphere and you leave there feeling full.
3	Had a wonderful lunch here with some friends.  I ordered the turkey croissant sandwich but we shared some onion rings and spinach artichoke dip.  Everything was delicious and the servers were very friendly and prompt.  We had a three year old in our party and she is a very picky eater, especially when it comes to her favorite mac and cheese.  She was very happy with what she got.  The french fries, which is what I have always heard is the best part of this place, were very tasty and I can see why people enjoy them.  I would go there again, for a chain restaurant it was enjoyable.
4	Red Robin has great burgers. I love that they also have the option of Boca burgers or Gardenburgers to replace your regular ground beef with if you would like. The wait staff is always attentive and friendly and my drink is never empty. They have a good selection on their kids menu too which is always nice for my super picky kids.
3	It's a good place to bring the kids for some average bar food in a fun setting and decent hamburgers. Don't expect anything amazing. It's just a sit down Burger chain.
4	We received top notch service from Amanda. They cater to my wife's severe food allergies with out any hassle. Food always tastes great and is always hot. You don't always find service like this in a chain restaurant...
4	First...it's a burger joint.  As with other of my reviews, the star rating here takes into consideration what the place is.  It is not Top of the Rock, or Delmonico's or anything like that.  It's a burger place.And the burgers are very good.  You can get a variety of preparations (teriyaki, bleu, A1, etc), or just get a regular burger.  The service has always been friendly, they offer bottomless fries with many menu choices, and the burgers are reasonable size.  Or if you want chicken, they have that too.  I have been here a few times and always get the burger.  Today was the A1 burger, and it was pretty good.  Their fries are bland (just a bit of salt), but the seasoning bottle on the table makes them really tasty.  Four of us ate for right at $50, which included one float and one large shake (which also was pretty good).Generally, if I want a burger and don't feel like doing it myself, this is where I come.  They do a good job, and the endless fries are a nice bonus.
2	Why do we keep coming back to this place? There was a running gag on Cheers. Norm would come in complaining about his recent visit to the Hungry Heifer.  No matter how bad the food was, Norm always went back and he never knew why exactly. I feel that way about this place, except I know why I keep returning: because my youngling likes the place.  If we didn't have a kid, or had one with better taste, I'd probably never return.  Look, it's not that the burgers are bad, it's that they're so mediocre. They are memorable for being so unmemorable. The one burger that I did kind of half-way enjoy (something with slaw and hot sauce I think) was discontinued. Chicken sandwiches are in the same class of unmemorable foods. So I stick with salads, which as salads go are pretty dull, and French onion soup. About that soup: I'm under no illusion as to what I'm getting at Red Robin as far as French onion soup goes. I've had some excellent onion soups (try Zinc Bistro or Sophie's sometime). I've made exceptional onion soups myself. Here, all I expect is that it kind of taste like an onion soup and that the onions are at least cooked down enough to be tender. This place used to be able to deliver, but recently the onions have been rather firm and the pieces of onion in the soup on the large side. The soup guy isn't slicing his onions fine enough and he's not cooking them long enough. I found the same thing happening at the Red Robin over on Cooper and US60. You know what I decided? SAME SOUP GUY!  He's just traveling around making lousy soup. At the other store he's actually going to the trouble of burning some of the onions beyond recognition so that you get mostly undercooked onions with a few pieces of carbon floating around for good measure. Just get rid of this guy, cook the onions properly, and we're back in business, Red Robin. Just you and me and your reasonably tolerable onion soup.
3	I like that you can substitute a veggie burger (a vegan boca, or vegetarian gardenburger) into any of their burgers.  The kids love the unlimited fries.  Get's really busy sometimes for dinner and service can be a bit slow, but overall a decent place.  The BF and I probably wouldn't come here by ourselves, but it's a good place to bring the kids.
4	Always a good hamburger. I had their BLTA (Bacon Lettuce Tomato and Avocado) and it was terrific. The staff was very friendly and made you feel welcome.
4	This is a good place to go if you have kids and need something more substantial than Peter Piper or McDonalds.  The place caters to families, the food is always good, they have a full bar, and this one also has an acceptable tap beer selection.  I have always been pleased with the service here.  We were there this past Saturday, the place was very busy but all of the wait staff were pleasant even though they were really hustling.
4	Had the October fest Burger.Yes, really tasty. Filling for a big guy like me. Steak Fry a bit salty, but OKThanks  Rocky Good suggestion.
4	Four words.  Royal - Red - Robin - Burger.  Main reason I go there.  Such a good burger with the nice little fried egg on top.  Yes an egg on your burger....try it.  Good place to bring your family.  This location always has good service.
4	Ok, so I know this is a chain, and well what can be so special about a chain... Well I will tell you.  The turkey burger!  That's what can be so special about a chain.  Seriously, the BEST turkey burger I've ever had is at Red Robin (and trust me, I've had MANY).  If there's a turkey burger on the menu, you can rest assured I will order it, and time and time again, Red Robin is my favorite.  I feel a little ashamed admitting this, since, it is a chain after all.But seriously, it's so moist and delicious.  No one else can get it right.  It's either tasty and dry or moist and flavor-less, but NOT Red Robin.  It's consistently TASTY and MOIST!  Yes, that's right.  MOIST.  (Should I have given a warning at the beginning of this review that it would be R rated?)Anyway, if you love turkey burgers as much as I do, get yourself over to a Red Robin pronto, you're welcome. (p.s. get it with cheese, duh)p.p.s. the reason I knocked it down 1 star is because 1) it's very much a "family" restaurant, which means it's inevitably loud, and 2)  although they have great cocktails like spiked strawberry lemonade, the drinks are kinda pricey considering the lack of sufficient booze to drown out the "loudness" of the surroundings.
4	Great staff. Good food. Always a great place to grab a quick bite. Usually the whole crew can find something they like.
3	Sadly, there's only one thing consistently good at this place - the parmesan garlic fries (extra crispy)... the burgers are hit and miss - and that's just a shame.  Last night I tried the ghost chili sauce + jalapeno burger, and if I hadn't added bacon to it, I wouldn't have been able to finish.  Bland, flavorless, and greasy.  Just go somewhere else for a burger, for the love of cow.
5	We went to this location for the first time today! They were VERY busy and there were a lot of people waiting to be seated.  We were told the wait time was around 20 minutes, but they had a good system going and it only took 10 minutes.  Our waitress was extremely nice and took the time to explain some of the items on the menu to my 9 yr old son! The food was fresh, hot and tasted great and the service was excellent!
3	We've eaten here many times. It's pretty good food overall. They usually have a hard time getting your food out quickly and hot. Unfortunately this seems to be happening more often than not. Recently, while waiting a LONG time for our order to arrive, we thought we saw our food sitting in the window for a while before it arrived at our table. When it finally arrived it was cold (not surprisingly). They re-heated or re-made it for us, but that added to our wait (which seemed really long already). Not a great experience. We like that you can get the fries out before your meal, this keeps our "starving" children from whining while they wait. But even this isn't consistent. Some visits we get them early, some we only get them w. the meal. Their burgers are good, prices fair, but the coordination in the kitchen needs great improvement.
1	I normally am a huge fan of Red Robin and have never been disappointed until this evening. As usual I order the clucks and fries, buffalo style.  When I order the clucks I ask for an extra plate so I can cut into them instead of trying to cut them in the basket and cutting up the paper. When I cut into the clucks this evening I noticed the chicken was extremely undercooked and by this time I had already taken my first bite. It was very pink in the middle and made me immediately stop eating. The server came back to the table and we explained what was going on, she offered to cook a whole new set. I went through the rest of the chicken to see if it was necessary and 3 out of the 4 pieces were all undercooked. I immediately gave her the entire basket back because I didn't want anything more to do with the food in it. She was nice enough to bring me out a new meal and comp me for the clucks but by then my entire table had already finished their food and had to then wait on me to eat my entire meal. I was nervous eating this basket but all seemed to be ok this time around. I appreciate the new basket and giving me my meal for free but undercooked chicken makes me very nervous. I not only will probably never order that meal again but may also avoid the restaurant all together.
2	Well, had to make the trip for my son's birthday . . . I was hoping for something more upscale . . . but it is always the birthday boy's choice.Had a short wait . . . expected but not unusual . . . problem . . . four groups that arrived after us of the same size got seated before us . . . and even though we asked for a table (which all four of them got) . . . they wanted to squeeze me, a 400 pound man,  into a booth . . . NOT happening.Table finally located . . . time to order.  Thought I'd try something different that my usual . . . The BLTA Croissant . . . B is for BACON . . . where is the bacon . . . one slice, are you kidding me.  Steak Fries . . . COLD . . . Iced Tea  . . . CLOUDY . . . Desert . . . didn't want to chance it.The only reason that I am giving them two stars . . . the server tried her best to take care of us and right the kitchen's wrongs . . . oh well . . . I won't have to return for a year . . . unless . . . I can convince my son to go somewhere else next year . . .
2	Poor service, not servers fault store needs more wait staff for the guests. Food is always good. Ended up wet from the misters and had to move due to my table was soaked and me as we'll.
1	We came here on a Saturday afternoon. The place didn't seem very busy when we came in. But the hostess did not acknowledge us for at least 10 minutes before we were finally asked how many and another few minutes before we were seated and when we were seated, the server never came. We had to leave after 20 minutes of sitting with no drink order & no server coming to the table. It was terrible and we won't be going to the Gilbert location at San Tan any longer.after we left, we went to the Chandler location and the service was excellent! :)
5	Was contacted by the manager, Daren after my initial experience.  He very nicely encouraged me to give them another try.  I was more than pleased with my burger and fries I had this time!  I had so much food, I almost needed a nap after eating.  The staff was all very friendly while I waited for my to go order.  I will be back!
4	Red Robin is open later than their competitors which is a bonus for people like me who eat late. The bottomless fries are amazing. You have to try a chili burger. Their chili is delicious and mixed with onions. The prices are comparable to their competitors. The service was decent but could have been better. It could have been because I was the last person in the restaurant at night but still.  I will be coming back many times in the future.
1	I would give this place 0 stars if I could.We went on a saturday afternoon for a quick bite. We walked into the bar where we were the only people on sitting on high tops. Our server came in and asked us what we wanted to drink, we put in our food order at the same time. At 10 mins in, people are sitting down and ordering. Our server is bringing out food left and right. he tells us our food "will be right out". About 25 minutes later several people are now sitting at the bar high tops and some of them are eating and a couple of guys who sat down after us were already finished with their meal. We call our server over and tell him that people who sat down after are already finished with their meal, he says "Oh, don't worry your food will be right out." An indication that he was clearly incompetent was when he put in a food order after ours and is  bringing it out before ours. We tell him that we would need our food to to go because we had places to be. About 10 minutes later the manager comes out (with no food in hand) and says that they must have lost our ticket in the back and he will go back there and see what's going on. At this point we can't tolerate anymore incompetence so we leave hungry after waiting over 45 mins. This location is the worst service I've experienced. Even a hefty gift card couldn't make up for this awful experience.
1	My husband is a burger guy and despite our last two awful experiences at this location he talked me into giving in one last try. It's been two years since our last visit so I was hoping it had improved (couldn't get much worse), but boy was I wrong. Went there today (Thur about 1pm). 20 min later the waiter took our drink order. We ordered an appetizer which never did arrive even after we reminded our server. Our 20 mo old was getting fussy so we asked for a small plate of French fries, which also, never arrived. 40 min later our food arrived and once again, just like before, it was COLD. I ordered a hot prime rib sandwich. Ridic! My daughters grilled cheese was blah with unmelted cheese, fries were cold, and my entree was missing the coleslaw. I politely requested it again, but it too was elusive. They took my sandwich back to the kitchen and nuked it. Seriously I cannot say one good thing about the quality of the food or service. Truth is, I will tolerate sub par service for a good meal, but everything from the iced tea to my stale bread and the undercooked and tasteless steak fries was beyond disappointing. Our toddler even refused the fries and he eats everything!! We spoke with manager after paying and she offered a comp. Umm no thanks but greatly appreciate the gesture. The mgr was a sweetheart and admitted our server was normally a bus boy but they got so busy they had to have him serve. A scheduling problem maybe? Anyway it just couldn't make up for the awful food. I would avoid this RR. We can't make sense of the good reviews. Only thing I can think of is its young people who are happy to get a meal from somewhere other than Wendy's. Personally, I'd rather have Wendy's.
5	My husband and I always sit in the bar because the line is usually out the door. We always get friendly, attentive servers. No order screw ups. Love the unending happy hour specials - huge $4 drafts.
1	Extremely disappointing, would not return. Many reasons... Very loud, bad food, slow service, even the water was not good.
3	Burger was good - juicy and delicious. Fries left much to be desired. It lacked the crispy outside I like in French fries. I remembered them to taste a lot better before they made them "bottomless fries". Perhaps they've downgraded. We also shared some wings as an appetizer. They were barely warm but flavor was great. The "fresh made kettle chips"  that accompanied them were also cold. They tasted like bagged potato chips. Will come back for burgers, maybe.
3	This has become a go to spot for a quick burger or salad.Most of the time we are there during off hours so service has never been an issue. In fact, most times we sit at the bar. I have had many different burgers. And I also enjoy the salads. The endless fries are good (and bad thing!) I have read several reviews in which service was bad or slow. I have not experienced this. But again, most times going during off hours. I do also enjoy the shakes.I nice change to the fast food for a quick burger, sandwich or salad.
1	This place provided the worse service i have experienced in years. Music was loud to the point of distraction. Four dollars for strawberry lemonade would not be silly if they served more than five ounces with very few refills. They advertise all you can eat french fries but since you will never see your server that is simply false advertising. Food was cold probably because our server could not be bothered to bring food. If you like over priced food and completely indifferent service this is the place for you.
4	A great place to catch up with friends. Good service and good food. Friday night gets busy so go early.The Bleu Cheese burger had enough Bleu to enjoy without being overwhelming. I don't usually like onions but the onion straws at the bottom of the burger were not bad. The best part was the tangy sauce!Sad to say the chocolate cake with ice cream was quite dry.
4	Bleu Burger was delicious. I'm a fan of it for now.And berry lemonade is gorgeous...Staff is very friendly and talkative. Fries was a little hard for me. But it's OK.I suggest it to my friends.
4	We've eaten at about every Red Robin in the East Valley and the San Tan Village Parkway one is our favorite.  Maybe because it's the newest one in the area or maybe we feel the service is just a little bit better there.  The food is the same as with most franchises, so the atmosphere and service is the difference.   The family had another good experience there on Friday evening and if you're a fan of Red Robin, recommend you try this one if you haven't yet.
2	Service was horrible! There were tours going on and we had a 20 minutes to get my food order!  Food is usually good here. The manager was very kind.
5	Our server carissa is awesome.  She remembered us from one previous visit before.  The for was awesome and the service was THE BEST!!!
5	Forgot to post this from a few weeks ago, but hey, you can't forget great business, especially on the coat tails of bad service.This red robin is awesome! Whatever management is doing, keep it up, the staff is great and really are sensitive to my allergies! If they make a mistake they are all over fixing, and quick!!! Thank you to the staff the San Tan Red Robin! You rock!
4	Great food, as always. I've never been to a Red Robin that didn't have hot, fresh food! Service was good, though I wasn't a fan of the wait - especially when I could see lots of empty tables. Might have just been under-staffed that night.One pet peeve of mine is the portion size of the fries. I realize America is full of fat asses and we need to cut down and all, but when you say "bottomless" fries I expect more than 10 at a time. Come on now...
3	I normally love Red Robin, but my experience here the other day wasn't as good as it could have been.We got there around 4:30 or so, and there was apparently a 25 minute wait for a table. Even though there were empty tables in the restaurant. Maybe it's because there were 5 of us plus a highchair? I don't know. My father-in-law notices that there is a table on the patio and asks if we can have that one instead. The host stand said yes, it's first come first serve on the patio, but got very snippy that we didn't want to wait.So we go outside and have to find someone to clean off the tables (we needed two since they were only 4-tops), and the person who did looked extremely annoyed to be bothered by doing so. He cleaned off the tables, didn't put them together for us and rearrange the chairs, and gave us a highchair with crusted on food and liquid spilled all over it. So we had to clean the highchair off, put the tables together and arrange all the chairs. I also had to go track down silverware and napkins because there weren't any placed on the table.Our waiter was the bright spot - he was prompt, very nice and took our orders quickly. He brought us our menus (and a kids menu right away when asked) and made sure we had waters and our appetizer as soon as possible. My sister-in-law (she's 12) ordered a milkshake and he brought her a large one instead of the kid size. My food was good - we had the onion ring appetizer (YUM), I actually just got the pick 2 appetizer for my meal. Cheese sticks and zucchini sticks, both were good. My drink was lacking in the flavor arena - I got the Sand in Your Shorts. It tasted mainly like sweet and sour. Nothing like what I was expecting.So three stars instead of two due to our waiter. Wish I could remember his name!
2	Lately I have not been having very good experiences at Red Robin.  I often order and enjoy the Mushroom burger, but the last couple times i've had it the bun was wet and mushy.  I also think their salad dressing (ranch) has changed... it just doesn't task as good as it used. I will come back in the future, when I am craving their fries again.  Hopefully things go better then.
2	Got the Fish and chips. Tasted like it had been siting under the heat lamp for a wile. Greasy and old. All for $12.99. Wife got a burger. looked like something off of the value menu at Burger King. Called the manager the next day and he is going to send a gift card. That was nice but I don't really want to go back. No attention to detail a this place.
2	We dined at this location on 03/14/2014 evening.Pros: The food was fantastic!Cons: We call ahead and put our name on the wait list. We get there and they don't have our name on the list. So whatever. The wait time is estimated to be 25-30 minutes. So....we put our name on the list once again. We wait about 40 minutes. The hostess comes outside and says sorry but our ipad system is down. Meanwhile we notice the patio is empty. Its first come first serve. We go to check it out and a server comes up to us and says to take a seat if we would like and that we have 100% of her attention. Awesome! We sit and we order. Five minutes later a party of 25 comes outside. We get our food. We didn't get napkins, and didn't get any refills. Not even a question of weather everything came out correctly. At that point we understand that she is going to be busy but we expected for her to at least come and check on us at least once. Well she did...... when we were almost finished. We wanted more fries. That took another 10 minutes. And I have to mention that she didn't bring out our food and didn't refill our drinks. We did manage to get the attention of another server to get more fries, drinks and some napkins. Meanwhile the large party is being taken care of completely. And.....the manager is helping her with that large party. He looks over at us at least twice and never bothers to ask if we need anything. We were just sitting there waiting for our tab. I'm sure anybody could see that we were annoyed and ready to go. We made eye contact and he just passed. Nothing. So after the other server brings us our tab, our original server comes over and apologizes for not giving us 100% of her time. That the large party came in and they needed to be taken care of. Ok lady....we didn't need 100% but 25% would have been nice. I get it......big party equals big tip. But how RUDE of you to treat us like trash. So disappointed. It all could have been avoided with a couple trips over to us to see how we were doing. No tip for you. We will not be coming back to this location. EVER! Completely and utterly unacceptable! Poor management at that!
3	7pm on a Thursday night and we had to wait for 20 minutes for a table. Then more wait to be notice by our server. Took forever to get our food.I asked for a water, and they server asked me "bottle or tap?"  which is a fair question I assume.  But when I was caught off guard, because I wasn't used to the question, he said "I ask because I refuse to drink tap water, it's gross"....that was a bit much.
4	Food is pretty good and so is the service. It seems to always have a slight hint of a sewage smell especially in the bar. Other than that we eat there once a month or so.
3	What happened to this place?  This place used be an awesome place to take the kids.  They have rebranded this location, no more red robin walking around messing with kids, no more balloons, no more tv in the floor.  The menu is still good but the atmosphere had really changed.  We have a four year old who loved the balloons at the end of the meal and they no longer do that.  The service is also still good, we will still go just not as much fun for the kids.
4	The "never ending fries" idea is a hit!  I love the burger choices, but the service can be a little slow.The atmosphere is fun and family friendly.  We eat here quite often, and will be back!
3	Well, This is a hard one to write because there is not much to say....which I think says it all!  The food is hit and miss, sometimes the burgers are decent, sometimes not so good.  The appetizer menu is a little more consistent, but how hard are onion rings and fries?  I always seem to walk out of here with a bill that doesn't seem to fit the quality of food the price should warrant.  The employees don't seem to be real thrilled to work there either. Again, not that anyone is ever rude, just kind of blah!
2	Disappointed.  Ordered burgers, they were 'meh'.  Bottomless 'salad' looked like repurposed burger toppings.  Fries are definitely 'meh'.  Left wishing I had gone to Five Guys or Smashburger or Joe's or other burger joint instead.  Over priced, over hyped.  This may have been my last visit for good.
4	Food was decent, came out pretty fast. Was crowded for a Tuesday night, still seated in about 10-15 minutes. Server worked hard to make sure we were taken care of. He must have wanted the extra few bucks in tip, which I gave because he definitely earned. I'll be back mostly because of the service.
5	We love Red Robin, though sometimes skip it as it's very family friendly and tends to get loud and filled with kids.  Yesterday husband I stopped by on Sunday night and it wasn't full of screaming kids, so we decided to get our burger fix on!  Husband and I each got our drink on, him with a Blue Moon beer and me with a strawberry margarita.  We started with a full onion tower which was delicious!  It came with ranch and some other sort of spicier sauce which was awesome!  For burgers I got my usual which I'm ADDICTED to...whiskey river BBQ burger with a garden patty.  Let me pause to say how wonderful Red Robin is to us non meat eaters!!!  You can pick a garden burger (my fav!) or Boca which is beyond cool.  I love how every burger on the menu can be served with one of these meatless goodies!  My carnivore husband devoured his bacon cheese burger.  The bonus, bottomless fries!  You can not beat that!  We ate until we couldn't eat anymore.  I can't wait to go back!
3	Love the crispy chicken sandwich! Fries are delicious! The wait not so fun! We went in around 12:45p, got a table right away, but we waited fifteen minutes to get our drink orders in and food took quite a while to come out. The screaming kids were not so fun either!
4	Love the bruschetta  chicken burger!  And Travis,  our server,  was exceptional!  Never an empty glass at the table,  and remembered the extra ranch we ordered. I wish I had this great service every time I went out to eat.
2	The food was good. However, the service left a bit to be desired. When we came to the table, there was still food debris on the table and one of the chairs. We ended up wiping it off ourselves. We also noticed that this was regular practice for this facility since they would seat their guests and then wipe the table in front of them. To note: They also got my order wrong and by the comment of the waitress, it seemed to be a normal occurrence. It is Father's Day, so they were probably busier than normal, however it doesn't excuse the lack of attention to detail. Aside from that, everyone was very polite and cordial.Since these issues seem to be the norm, rather than the exception, I am only giving 2 stars.
4	Good food. Good selection. Friendly employees. Menu items a little pricey. Great  shakes & onion rings.
2	Our visit today wasn't that good. The colossus burger was soggy and tasteless.  The Bleu burger was warm at best. The waiter explained that they use a conveyor belt to cook the burgers. I thought that they had a cook in back cooking them. I found it a little odd that the waiter sat down at our booth to take our order. Overall it was at best 2 stars.  I frequent a Red Robin near my work.  They are much better. We probably won't be back to this location.
1	My husband and I joke that there is a sign on our faces when we come in that says, "please ignore us." It's not just this location either,  the one in Tempe has provided forgetful/nonexistent service the past few times, too. That's frustrating because a soft drink costs nearly $3 here, so something as simple as refills would make me feel like I'm getting more value for a $3 iced down soda.... The bottomless fries are advertised and posted everywhere,  which, again,  makes you feel like you're recovering some value when you pay $12 for a burger. But, alas- the service has been either irritable/snarky when fries and refills are  requested or it's just nonexistent altogether.  Tell me why I'm spending $30 here for 2 people again? In n Out is across the street...1 star because the burgers and fries really are delicious. No other stars because that testifies to how disappointed I am in what used to be a good, consistent franchise.  Unfortunately our experiences have been such a let down as far as the service is concerned, we'd rather save our $30 and avoid the crying children and just stay away altogether. Maybe we'll sit at the bar if we ever go back... at least someone has to acknowledge you there (hopefully? ).
5	Great food and great service! I had a coupon for a free dessert but I couldn't use it because I also had a coupon for a free birthday burger. Our waitress went out of her way to bring me a free sundae for my birthday even though I couldn't use the coupon I had. Very thoughtful! We will definitely go back to this location!
5	Great burgers and great fries. This ovation gets busy, but the patio is open seating and is in shade during the evening. Their mister system also works good. We had Christopher tonight, and he was on his game and super courteous. Can't beat these burgers!!!
2	We are here for lunch at red robin. The burger was mediocre and the bun was not wrap so it's soggy . I mentioned to the waiter about the soggy bun, she said we can ask for the paper wrap. The place is not clean, dusty and notable on shades and lamps.
1	I took my 2 year old son here for lunch today. Ordered him a cheeseburger. When they brought his burger to our table, the cheese seemed to have been missing. I let the server know, she took his burger and said she'd get some cheese melted on it. Well, she brought his burger back with a thick, cold, unmelted slice of cheese on it. Did she really think this was acceptable? Apparently so, since she brought my bill shortly after. Mind you, I am also currently 36 weeks pregnant and super emotional right now. I wished I were able to pull it together to actually let her and the manager know about it. Unfortunately, I ended up giving my son my meal, paying my bill and going out to my car to cry! Needless to say, this place has lost a very loyal customer.
1	This place is in need of some huge management change. My husband and I sat outside on the patio for a couple burgers last night and were appalled at what we saw. There were 4 tables that left shortly after we got there and when we finished our  dinner 40 min later no one had cleared the tables. My husband had to stare at half eaten burgers during our entire dinner. It was so bad that a group of young boys came to get some food and cleared their own table. Are you kidding me?!!!!! It was so ridiculous. Not to mention our fries were cold. How do you mess up a burger and fries. We asked to talk with the manager and she just told us they have been very busy. No real apologies or anything. The only reason i give this a 1 is because our server was half way decent. She did not have the tables that weren't cleared. She did take our plates thank goodness. We have been coming here for years but will never return!!
2	Poor execution. The fries were cold and hard and old. Service is pretty slow. I would avoid this one on a Friday night. Too bad, I usually like red Robin.
2	I know remember why I don't come to Red Robin anymore. Service is slow even for a weekday it took 30mins for food to come and the sever barely checked on us. My husband ended up drinking my glass of water because no one ever came to check if we needed refills! When we asked for an extra basket of their endless fries it came out cold!
1	This is so bad. Our waiter took a good 10 minutes to wait on us and another 15 minutes to serve the food. It arrived cold. He finally redid our endless fries after the meal was done. He was the bar tender too.His name is Rocky.
2	I was debating whether to give 2 or 3 stars. I understand it was a Friday night, however, if you're offering a "To-Go" Service, I'd hope you'd staff the telephone lines appropriately. It took me OVER 15 minutes to reach someone. I pushed the option to place a to-go order and the phone rang for over 5 minutes (I left it on speaker phone and was watching television, until I felt that it was ridiculous), after many dead-end 'busy' tones, I finally got thru, (it was probably about 6:30pm then), and all I wanted was a BLT with no avocado to go. I had to press some option to speak to someone to be put on the guest list...when I only wanted to place a to-go order.They only have ONE spot for pick-up, and that was already occupied by some poor other soul waiting and waiting to take their food. So I had to park very far away (the location gets very busy, maybe it was just overly busy that day). I don't mind walking, however for all the mess it took just to get my order placed, I was already regretting even ordering.Firstly, there really isn't any signage telling you where to pick up at, or at least with all the mess going on in there, it is not easy to see. So I had to wait in line at the hostess desk just to ask. Then she points and nonchalantly tells me to go to the bar. (Where at the bar??) so I stand kind of off to the side of the bar for a good 5-10 minutes before someone actually acknowledges me.When I get my food, there's probably only about 13 French fries (And not decently sized ones, mind you, ones that looked like the half nubs of the bottom of the basket. so probably about 7 whole Red-Robin sized fries) And 2 pieces of bacon, about 2 INCHES LONG and probably about 5CM wide. Are you kidding me?? for like a 12-14$ sandwich???  Subway gives me more bacon for a whole lot less.I was very disappointed when I checked my food in my car before leaving., the food is good. I love the BLT but table scrap bacon for that kind of money, and the amount of energy it took to PLACE my order...I didn't even want to walk back in to try to get real bacon.
3	We decided to eat here before catching a movie during the Thanksgiving holiday.  The hubby and I don't usually choose chain restaurants, but it was the kids' choice and we actually hadn't eaten at a RR in quite a few years, so we agreed.  I used to LOVE the steak fries, but this particular night, they were dry and overcooked...big disappointment.  All burgers ordered were decent and pretty much what we expected.  Nothing spectacular about them.  The service, however, was great and they weren't as crowded as we expected them to be given the time of year.  Overall, it was a pretty good visit and I wouldn't be opposed to returning if it was suggested by others.  :)
3	I don't see what the big deal about this place. My first time to red robin was less than impressive. Our poor waitress was overworked and very forgetful. The food was subpar. I won't be going back, that's for sure.
