2	Just okay - seems to be a popular lunch place for folks working in the area.  The fries and potato salad were very good.  The sandwiches not so good.  We ordered the cheeseburger and club, both had no 'life' to them...
3	Yvonne's is a little hard to find there on the north side of University but it is worth looking.  They have a nice diner atmosphere with vintage Coke ads through out the place.  They have a regular blue plate special and different soups of the day.  I found the blue plate today very tasty. (Chicken sandwhich with mushrooms and swiss).  The onion rings are also delicious.  I seemed to get a batch of kinda small fries but they seemed to be cooked well and were tasty.  The waitress was friendly and attentive.  Yvonne's is a decent place to eat.  They also split out our check at the end which is handy for lunches with co-workers.
2	Ate here once.  I found the burger utterly uninspiring.  It's pretty standard diner fare, except they don't do it particularly well.  It feels a bit like eating at a cafeteria with waitresses.The staff is friendly enough, and the prices are fair, but they need more flavorful food, better decor, and less cheap feeling furniture.  Maybe a decent lunch option of you work within walking distance.
3	Stopped for breakfast today.  Pretty basic stuff very friendly prices are reasonable.  I had the Veggie sandwich which was pretty good and coleslaw which tasted exactly like what they serve at KFC.  My mom had 2 eggs and home fries which she said were amazing.  My husband had an omelette which was so so mushrooms that were in it were canned which I don't really care for.  My son had a pancake which was really fluffy and good.  Nothing was terrible all of it came to right around $30.
4	It's cafe food at cafe prices, what more do you want?  The service was good and the time between our order and delivery of said food was fast!  I would eat here again and probably on a regular basis.
4	Great food, great prices!  A must try is their housemade ranch dressing:-)  Waiters are sweet, fast and your food is served to you in under 10 minutes.  I love the Turkey Melt.Be sure and watch out for the cardboard peeping Elvis in the restroom, ladies- about gave me a heart attack- TWICE! LOL
1	We've been going to Yvonne's for years now and it used to be great. Recently, the ownership and menu changed and with it went everything else. The new owners decided to change the menu which seemed like a good thing at first as it added variety and new options. After trying a few items on the new menu we realized that change is bad. We ordered some old classics and some new dishes after going there a few times and were sorely disappointed with everything. In addition, the service has gotten significantly slower. While the wait staff is still friendly and works at the same speed they always have, the wait time for food itself has increased ten fold. When we spoke to the manager about this, he just said that's how they run things and that 30-40 minutes is a normal wait time. That is not a normal wait time for a diner in a business area for lunch. We always went to Yvonne's to get a quick bite to eat that was good and filling. Now we can't get in and out inside an hour? I don't think we'll be going back anytime soon. Best of luck to the rude and non-customer service focused new management. I hope that your wait staff doesn't suffer too much from your poor choices. From the emptiness of what was a once packed lunch service that we experienced yesterday, I'm guessing everyone will be rethinking their decisions for change very soon.
2	I am only giving it two stars because I like the wait staff, otherwise it would be a one star.  Since the new owners took over, the place has changed dramatically and the pricing has gone up in the 20% range.  I agree with Neil S and Cameron K, the new owner can be arrogant and does not like constructive criticism.  I used to go there 3-5 times a week for lunch, now I am down to 0.  Actually, most of my office has stopped going there. The whole wheat bread is now some kind of sweet whole wheat with little seeds.  The coleslaw which was a sweet slaw now consists of multicolored cabbage and is anything but sweet. They were making it similar to the previous owner but not as sweet which didn't make me happy but the major change pushed me over the edge. The last 3 times I had gotten chicken noodle soup, there was no more but one piece of chicken in it and that was much smaller than your pinkie nail. I think the new owners came in and wanted to make it their own rather than realizing that the business they bought was successful for a reason. Were they trying to attract a new type of clientele?  Now they are going to have to do that.  Now I am going a lot more to AZ sandwich, Dilly's, Munch a Lunch.  My standard lunch at Yvonne's was $10.50 without a soda and quickly shot up to $12.45 for the same.  I can go to the other places, order something comparable or in some cases better Plus get a soda in the $7-$10.50 range so I guess Yvonne's has seen the last of me. The sad thing is that I am a creature of habit, like going to the same place, and I never would have strayed to these other places to make the comparison if I hadn't become dissatisfied.
2	My original review mysteriously disappeared that I did on 9/12 so I am posting again.I am only giving it two stars because I like the wait staff, otherwise it would be a one star.  Since the new owners took over, the place has changed dramatically and the pricing has gone up in the 20% range.  I agree with Neil S and Cameron K, the new owner can be arrogant and does not like constructive criticism.  I used to go there 3-5 times a week for lunch, now I am down to 0.  Actually, most of my office has stopped going there. The whole wheat bread is now some kind of sweet whole wheat with little seeds.  The coleslaw which was a sweet slaw now consists of multicolored cabbage and is anything but sweet. They were making it similar to the previous owner but not as sweet which didn't make me happy but the major change pushed me over the edge. The last 3 times I had gotten chicken noodle soup, there was no more but one piece of chicken in it and that was much smaller than your pinkie nail. I think the new owners came in and wanted to make it their own rather than realizing that the business they bought was successful for a reason. Were they trying to attract a new type of clientele?  Now they are going to have to do that.  Now I am going a lot more to AZ sandwich, Dilly's, Munch a Lunch.  My standard lunch at Yvonne's was $10.50 without a soda and quickly shot up to $12.45 for the same.  I can go to the other places, order something comparable or in some cases better Plus get a soda in the $7-$10.50 range so I guess Yvonne's has seen the last of me. The sad thing is that I am a creature of habit, like going to the same place, and I never would have strayed to these other places to make the comparison if I hadn't become dissatisfied.
3	Oh Yvonnes...what happened.Our waitress, while very very nice, was sooo slow. The food was alright (I definitely remember it being better). Their house made Coca Cola bbq sauce was delish, but the sandwich it was on was sub par. Our table was sticky (we watched it get cleaned), like movie theater floor sticky. I dont anticipate another visit anytime soon.
5	we ordered your food this morning and had it delievered at our workplace. it was hot and WONDERFUL . YUM
2	Yvonne's is walking distance from my office so my co workers and I use to frequent this place for a hearty lunch. The food is nothing special its plain diner food and well the service is very very slow. The waitresses would be a bit bipolar one day they are super nice and others they were rude it was a strange way to treat regulars. I stopped going here since it wasn't worth spending the money when there are better lunch spots in the same area.
1	This will be my first 1 star review. I hate to do it, but the truth must be told. I live accross the street from this place and was anxious to try their food as it is so conveniently located. Well, I am disappointed to say the least. I ordered the "Country Fried Steak", w/eggs over easy.  The steak just didnt taste good. I assume that it is a frozen supplier cheapy.  Now to the eggs....and this is a first for me, the eggs were so over done, that the yolk was completely cooked all the way through! If I were at the grill I would have tossed them and thrown two more on. Friendly staff, maybe the lunch menu is better, but I'm not going to chance it.
3	This is a cozy neighborhood cafe. Very bright and cheery with the bright red decor and lots of windows. The place was quite busy when I was there for lunch on Wednesday. Service was great!  Quick and with a ready smile.The food is good, not great but homey, like Mom would make. The potato salad is top notch. The presentation was a little bland or lacking, very plain. Dressing up the presentation a little might make the overall meal seem more appealing and less "sterile". Price was a little high for amount and quality of food received, but again the fast and friendly service was appreciated. I would go again, but not necessarily as a first choice.
3	I found this first trip very satisfying but nothing super special. The staff were pleasant and my half sandwich and salad combo was just fine. The place was clean and service was fast.  I feel that you could come here daily an they'd get you your usual without having to ask you what you wanted.  I got the egg salad sandwich and a garden salad that was very plain. I want to come again and order their cheeseburger . It looked so good on other people's plates!
4	It's close to my office, so it's very convenient for me to pop in for a bite. I usually eat my lunch quickly while reading the news and they always are quick with taking order, bringing food and check. I can sit down and have a nice lunch in under 15 minutes. Bravo!Ooh, and they also do breakfast, which is super handy for those really early mornings. And, for those of us who like to eat breakfast for lunch. Yes please!Note: they only serve breakfast til 11am, but that's close enough to lunch, right?The theme of the place is nostalgic and vintage CocaCola gear. It's definitely got the cafe feel, home cooking thing and the decor to make you feel like your at your great Aunt Edna's kitchen. They also do quite a bit of catering. That side of the business is adjacent to the restaurant. I've never had their catering, but only imagine it's top notch. Their service is great. For a reasonably small location, they always have at least 2-3 people on the floor helping. Even when they're busy, they take care of business. Albeit, on girl mans the phones most of the time - presumably for catering calls. The food is good. It's straight-forward and made like you would in your kitchen at home. They have a blue plate special everyday and I look forward to checking out that white board. If you're in the area of University and Priest in Tempe, pop in and check em out. You won't break the bank, you'll be comfortably full and your stomach will thank you later.
4	I saw their ad on Facebook yesterday night, decided why not give them a try. Well I was not disappointed. Our waitress was nice and polite and the food was really good. Sorry if I did not post pictures... It was too late I finished it. :)
5	Went there on a Saturday and received immediate service. Everything we ordered was on point! Pancakes were massive and delicious! I especially loved that they had flavored coffee creamer. That's difficult to find at mom and pop restuarants now a days. We will definitely come back! P.S. Not good for people with babies though, as they do not have a changing table.
5	Fantastic food for fantastic prices (from Chicagoan point of view!) and the service could not have been better. The pear & Brie Fremch toast was unique & delicious!
3	I am currently waiting on a Cobb salad to go.  It's been about 25 minutes #liveyelping #yelpondemand. I will edit this as needed if this Cobb salad for some reason provides a mind explosion experience in which I will completely understand the 30 minute prep time.Alright it was pretty good.
1	Decided to give this place another shot this morning for breakfast.  They have a great special for $2.99 so I went around the office asking friends if they would like to order something with me and they all did.  I called, placed all of our orders, and the girl says ok we will get it out to you when its done (no time frame mentioned).  51 minutes later...I finally realized hey its been a long time, let me call and see if something happened or they got lost (even though they are right down the street and have delivered here before).  The same girl answers and immediately puts me on hold which is fine, then comes back on and I tell her I'm just checking on my order.  She asks my name, puts me on hold again, then says oh it should be ready in 20 mins or so.  WTF? 20 more mins for 4 orders of eggs, pancakes, and potatoes???? um no thank you.  I said well I guess I will have to cancel my order because I have a meeting in 30 mins.  She tells me ok one sec...yeah about 20 mins. I said wow that's a long time.  Her response was so do you still want your food? Uh nooo.Now I feel bad because not only did I not get my food, but now my co-workers don't either :(  I heard they have new management (and not to order from there anymore) but I thought I'd give them a shot today and now I'm regretting it!
4	I love Yvonne's! They have an awesome $2.99 daily special.  Aw man, the biscuits and gravy on Wednesdays are really good.  They are pretty fast on the delivery as well. They are one of the few places that deliver to my office early in the morning.  It is our go to place to order breakfast.
1	Took over an hour and 30 minutes for my food. Yvonne's needs the old owners back. I've eaten at Yvonne's for a long time. I've made a few comments to the owners about how a 45 minute wait for a quick sandwich isn't acceptable or a quick lunch spot. I started ordering delivery food from them because of how long it takes when I'm there, and this isn't any better. My food just took an hour and 36 minutes to get to my office which is literally the next complex over. Upon asking the OWNER why it took so long to get here, he have me the same excuse as he did last time. When I told him he's told me that before he said "oh..." And just turned around and walked away. I won't be eating from there again.
1	I was in on Friday. Everything was very chaotic and the wait times were absolutely ridiculous. The employee was very friendly however she informed me that there was new ownership, which would explain the new system they have implemented. They have gone back to the ancient ways before the computer system. They are definitely taking a step back and ruining one of my favorite restaurants. I most definitely will not be returning if this is what I have to look forward to. What a bummer!
4	Gave Yvonne's a shot this week after discovering it on the way to my usual lunch spot (10:30am since I start at 5) and  I was not disappointed in the least. First and foremost...the decor really enchanted me. Clean, vintage diner style with some cool coca cola memorabilia to match.  The staff was friendly and are not afraid to hold a conversation,  it was very welcoming. The service was exceptional and with only a 30 min lunch we were in and out with time to spare back at the shop. First day I had the philly cheese steak sandwich with fries which out classed the other philly sandwiches I have had in that area. Second day was the bacon cheese burger which was everything a burger could be, no way I can complain. Our sever Amanda was very polite, professional,  and up beat. I would recommend this spot to anyone looking for a new lunch or breakfast place. (Have not had a chance to try breakfast) plus they give out their wifi password to customers which is great to save those data plans. Only reason it's not a five star is because I am stingy with a five star rating.
5	Every body, new owners!Food was good and service was fast.Server had a big smile.Best wishes!
1	It was disgusting. The homefried had no flavoring not even onions. The potatoes weren't done. Half the bacon wss overcooked and the rest was still raw. The eggs wwew hard. Like they put them in the microwave.  The toast was burnt as well. It was impossible to eat. $10 in the trash smh
5	What an awesome place in Tempe!  The staff is super friendly and provides great service.  The food is great with a menu that has plenty of options for everyone :)
3	The owner came in our office and dropped off some menus for us too see, my co-worker and i were in ahh and decided to order chicken tenders.....1 hour later!! I called the place to see what was going on and the lady placed me on hold without explaining anything 10 minutes later she said that it was on the way. After 1 hour and 15 minutes the food finally  arrived & i was a disappointed. Not only was my food cold but  for the price i could of gone somewhere else.
5	This place is great, unfortunately I have no time to actually sit there and eat but I get my lunch delivered. I'm within walking distance and the food shows up fast, usually within 15 min. Thank you guys!!
5	I did a search for somewhere new to try the other week, and have returned here three times since.  The food and service is amazing.  It has the feel of an older diner, and the old familiar service to match.  The food is superb.  I only wish they were open later, to grab dinner on the way home.
1	I work within walking distance and used to go to Yvonne's all the time. I was a regular until the new owners purchased the business.I gave it 3 tries and have not been back since, nor will I ever go againThis is how my last breakfast at Yvonne's in Tempe went:Waited 3-4 minutes to be greeted - I ordered coffee and breakfastAnother 5 minutes for my coffee to arrive.At this time,  regular customer came in at the 10 minute mark and was instantly greeted, and given coffee. I was neglected from this point forward.10 minutes later, the regular got her breakfast..10 minutes later she finished, and paid while I sat, with my coffee unfilled, waiting for my food to show up:-Rubbery ham-Overcooked  egg whites-Dry toast.30 minutes to get my food and not be given any customer service what so ever..I'd like to blame the training of the staff for this one, but it was one of the owners herself that was my server...This place was far better when the previous owners were in control
