4	We ordered the shrimp cocktail for an appitizer and presenation was very impressive and the cocktail sauce was actually on the spicy side just as we like it.From there we ordered the Salmon and the Shrimp Scampi.  Let me tell you, this place is about the butter, it was all very good since they weren't skimping on the good stuff, but if you are adverse to butter, you may want to stear away.  Everything was very good, the Salmon was very good and will be repeated, the Scampi wasn't so great, but still a good dish.  The shrimp was all large and worth the price.The desert menu was large and offered a large variety, we selected the lemon pie and wasn't disappointed.The only negative that we could say is that the service struggled to keep up with the customers that were there, they did their best and it was just the timing of our visit.  We will be returning to try other dishes in the future.
2	I have been waiting to review this place for a while because I wanted to like it.  I've been about three times, but I don't think I will go back anytime soon.  The food was pretty good and that is NOT my complaint.  I have always enjoyed eating at Hammerheads, but I have NEVER enjoyed the service and I think they just don't care.  We have even complained (politely) about the service hoping that the manager would get a clue.  Most of the wait staff obviously has no experience waiting tables.  They consistently forgot to bring things to the table and had to be asked repeatedly... good luck getting a refill and sometimes even bread or the soup you ordered and wanted to eat before the meal!  I felt that they must be inexperienced because of the simple mistakes.  Well, no improvement upon service has occurred, so I have come to the conclusion that they just don't care.  It actually pisses me off, because you'd assume that management would at least care.  Obviously, they do not take any steps to improve the abilities of their staff and are happy with their sub-par customer service... so, I will be happy to give a sub-par rating.  It's a shame really, because I would have been a repeat customer.  Get a clue Hammerheads and take care of your customers so that they actually come back!
1	Other reviewers have this place nailed. Lousy service! I thought the food was mediocre. We tried it twice. Save your money, dine elsewhere. My only caveat is I think ownership may have changed recently. Unfortunately, the place has already burned it's chances with our family.
1	This place is closed, note on the door that the tenant was evicted June 30, 2009.
1	It's closed CLOSED CLOSED CLOSED.  GET IT OUT OF HERE
