4	This Chinese restaurant in the Monte Carlo also serves sushi.  The veggies in my food were fresh and the service was friendly.Other Monte Carlo restaurants include:* Market City Caffe (http://www.yelp.com/biz/ppmYIHMCIL5bocUsJSsDWA?hrid=m3R1TFBnWTzGB_8XxuCLjA)* Andre's Monte Carlo (http://www.yelp.com/biz/pmoIMK8zGWvKsVOPDBYfzg)* Monte Carlo Buffet (http://www.yelp.com/biz/V9klA6JGT6Fz2UpVP_7sBw)* Monte Carlo Pub & Brewery* Cafe (http://www.yelp.com/biz/-JfncbVURtvuzBbof40o1w?hrid=MLe5OT6nlKSseKc7yWAuCw)
2	Did I really pay THAT much for what tasted suspiciously like strip mall Chinese food? The sushi was decently fresh and the food was tasty-I have nothing against strip mall Chinese. I do have something against paying close to 30 dollars for it in Las Vegas, especially considering the service was worse than what I've gotten in most stip malls.
2	The food at Dragon Noodle is actually worth 3 stars, but I'm downgrading to 2 stars for the exorbitant prices they charge.  The XO string beans and the salt & pepper calamari were good, but the noodles that you'd expect to be good, weren't.  It's worth the cab ride to Noodle Palace on Spring Mountain.  Even with the cab fare, your lunch would still cost less.
2	My hun and I have been craving normal unfusioned Asian foods and so we were happy when we found Dragon Noodle Co., in our hotel. We perused the menu and experienced sticker shock at how pricey everything was, especially the Chinese veggie plates! Of course, we know it's Vegas and so  paying a high price for mediocre to bad food is more the norm than the exception.We were seated as soon as we walked in and ordered the following:Seafood Tofu soup (bland)Chinese Broccoli with Oyseter sauce- good but a bit too greasySpicy Scallop Sushi- way too spicy with no Scallop in sight!Himachi Sashimi- huge slices that was ice cold cuz it was served ON ICEThe service was efficient and polite but it definitely is pricey for ok food.
3	We had a good time at this restaurant recently. The chef was kind enough to prepare a schezuan style chicken dish even though it was not on the menu. Our entire order was delicious and served well. The quantity was also pretty decent and I would recommend ordering three dishes for four people. Expect to pay around $25 pp at this place without alcohol but with some soft drinks. There is another cheaper chinese place at Stratosphere around $15pp but Dragon Noodle Company has a much better ambience.
5	love this place! awesome crispy duck! yum! good service! highly recommended! they have awesome duck soup! after playing long hours of poker this dish will make you feel like a queen lol!!! whenever i go to monte carlo! i always make sure that i eat my lunch here...........on a long travel from burbank!! lol!!!
3	I ate here twice while in Vegas. Hubby was down for the count due to too much partying. We were looking for some rice, noodles, or soup for him. We found Dragon Noodle in our hotel and decided to check it out.Mom and I shared a seafood noodle dish that had tons of shellfish but kind of a gross, bland sauce. We also got some veggie spring rolls which were perfectly greasy and yummy. We also had some wonton soup- delish!I think hubby liked his fried rice but couldn't really tell as he was basically comatose :).We also went there to get sushi and the California rolls had big chunks of crab in them- not yucky crab salad.This place was good- not great- but will suffice when you want greasy carbs to coat your stomach after- or before- a hard night of, well, Vegas-ing!
2	Don't go, unless you rather lose your money in a restaurant than on the slots. We ordered soup, orange chicken, chow fun, and some sashimi, and it was over $100. No drinks, no deserts, no apps, nothing. Not to mention the waiter was unfriendly as hell, and the food took forever.
3	This is a solid place for Chinese food in Vegas.  The first time we went, we had just arrived from the airport and it was 10pm.  For us, hot soup in our bellies is the best way to sooth a grumpy traveler.  My husband got the noodles with bbq pork - lots of noodles and pork...little veggies and broth.  Great for a hungry hungry man (or growing boy) like my husband.  I got the wor wonton soup - no noodles, but plenty of seafood and won tons.  Personally, I was not a fan of the wontons.  They are minced meat filled.  I like my wontons of have chunks of shrimp or other filling.Second time we went for dinner.  We ordered the seafood tofu soup and garlic eggplant entree.  The seafood tofu soup was delicious - chunks of scallops, shrimp, crab, egg and soft tofu in a thick-ish broth.  Their garlic eggplant was also yum, but their eggplant was a little old - the skin was tough - but nothing a searing hot wok won't take care of!It's a nice alternative to the buffet, esp if you are looking for a particular cuisine to eat.
1	"Meh, I've experienced better" is right (except then I'd have to give them 2 stars)So, I was staying in the Monte Carlo and figured I'd give their restaurants the old college try.  Brand steakhouse is wonderfully awesome, but I'm not at all impressed with this Dragon Noodle place.  First off, the prices!  Yikes!  I don't remember exactly what I had since it was that unmemorable, but i'm pretty sure I had several varieties of nigiri sushi, sunomono, miso soup, and a glass of plum wine, and my friend had a chicken or beef dish.  Whatever it was, the total was a lot over $100.  I mean, you'd have thought I had bird's nest soup for goodness sakes.  I will say that the quantity of food was pretty large, but it was not all that great.  I have definitely had better sushi, and whatever beef/chicken the friend had was oh so gross.   We had a ton of leftovers to take back to the room - which promptly went in the trash since the smell of garlic was so pungent it burned off some of my nose hairs.  I will say the ambience/atmosphere of the restaurant is at least decent, but the service sucked butt.  Never again.
3	If you are in the mood for Chinese food, or sushi, and don't mind paying extra for the location (inside Monte Carlo Hotel and casino), Dragon Noodle Co., is an okay choice, Well, the only other choice you have inside this casino would be Manchu Wok in the food court.  I am more impressed with the sushi than with the Chinese food, but if you go on a sushi binge here, you might not have enough money left to gamble.  Not that the Chinese dishes are cheap, but with the Chinese dishes, you just order once. The latest visit, I passed up the sushi and only ordered the Chinese dishes. The Chinese food is decent to good.  The Wonton Soup is above average here, and the sauteed shrimp I thought was pretty good, but the Beef Chow Fun I found the noodles to be a little undercooked, yet soggy - still very eatable, but disappointing nevertheless.  If you are in the mood for Chinese and don't mind paying for the location and convenience, Dragon Noodle is an okay place.  I wouldn't make a special trip to eat here, but if I'm staying or playing at this hotel/casino, it's a restuarant I'd consider.
2	Yet another restaurant I was forced to eat at during my brief visit to LV.A dining rule that has served me well is to try really hard not to eat at places that have "Co." in their name.Our group decided to dine here as it was convenient, we were in a bit of a time crunch, and we just needed a little sustenance prior to our evening event.It was decorated in a really cheesy Asian theme, replete with a creepy floating baby head that gave me the willies because its eyes were following me.Food was subpar. I just wanted something small to tide me over so I ordered a won-ton soup. It was reminiscent of packaged supermarket stuff.  Really salty, yet bland.I didn't pay much attention to what everyone else ordered but no one was too happy with their choices. One of our group had ordered fried rice and the vegetables in it were still frozen. Just unacceptable.In a city with many great dining options, I recommend you skip this craptastic food-court quality excuse for a restaurant.
4	My Husband picked this restaurant after reading about it in the LVRJ-Taste Section.  We are glad that we went.  We had Chicken Lettuce Wraps and Springs Rolls for an appetizer, Delicious.  For Entrees we chose Mongolian Beef, Kung Pao Chicken, Scallops and Seafood Chow Fun which includes Lobster, Shrimp, Scallops and vegetables on a bed of noodles.  All Entrees were delicious especially the Mongolian Beef.  There were no leftovers at our table.  The service was great and we would definitely return.  We all had a cocktail and our bill was $150.00.
2	I ate here on my birthday when we did a group trip to Vegas. We got in late, and didn't know where to go and ended up choosing this because the baby they use to advertise was everywhere in the hotel.I've had a lot better tasting Chinese food and paid a lot less for it. The Moo Shu Pork was pretty good, but all of the other dishes we got were either too salty or too bland. They forgot about one of the dishes we ordered and didn't bring it until 20 minutes after the first plates arrived. We also had trouble getting refills on anything. This was by far the worst service I've ever gotten in VegasI will definitely not be eating here again on any of my trips to Vegas.
4	Not bad but not great.   So fav Asian on strip spot is still the one in venitian. Got the BBQ pork soup with wonton.  Good stuff if you are trying to shake that hangover. - 2 days in a row and the soup did the trick.. that means not a lot of MSG in there.. hmmm
4	Wow, I'm shocked at all the bad reviews. I ate here on Saturday night and i LOVED it. We ordered the hot sake ($15 for a large, which had about 8 shots in it), wontons, beef fried rice ($12), two sushi rolls and chicken chow mein ($18). It came out within ten minutes and was all hot and delicious. I would definitely eat here again.Portions are HUGE - consider splitting an entree if you're also getting appetizers or anything.
1	Um, whoever recommended this place to you, lied. Or had a false perception of what Chinese food is supposed to taste like. The Orange chicken was amazingly OVER-battered. Fried rice was insanely salty. Egg-drop soup was a pathetic imitation of traditional Egg-Flower soup. The vegetarian eggs rolls were slimy inside! Mongolian beef was yet again toooo salty. And lastly the Sweet and Sour chicken was a failed try. I dunno WHAT was going on back there in the kitchen, but it tasted like the chefs were cooking with blindfolds.I had four glasses of water during my meal. Nearly became dehyrdated.
2	Again, the hotel provided a 2-for-1 appetizer coupon here, so we indulged before heading out for the night. The place was mostly dead, save for a few families and their annoying children. We didn't dig the menu all too much, and we weren't all that hungry, so we just ordered 2 appetizers and a bottle of sake. Our waiter asked, "Is that all you want?" using the kind of tone that suggested I was maybe cheap for not ordering more. Oh, I'm sorry. Maybe you have some kind of mental ability that allows you to know my innermost thoughts and you're assuming I didn't order as much as I really wanted to. Do me a favor: just take my order. Maybe I didn't want to order a $20 sweet and sour chicken entree that probably tastes marginally better than the combo meal at Panda Express. Sorry to waste your time with my paltry order, jackass. For what it's worth, our two appetizers, potstickers and won tons, were mediocre at best. Both tasted like the kind of cheap frozen appetizers you'd buy at Albertsons. Luckily, the sake made the meal worth it. But I thought the staff was impolite. I won't say they were totally rude, but there was an air of arrogance I detected which fouled up the evening. Add in obscene prices and I can't think of a single reason to waste any time here.
1	We started off our Vegas stay with a late lunch at the Dragon Noodle Company.  Not the best way to start off our vacation.First off, the server was confused with our drink coupons that we had just gotten at check in. Which to me is a sign that not everyone is on the same page here.I ordered a few sushi rolls, my wife ordered the Szechuan Tofu and the Hot and Sour soup.The sushi rice was overcooked and too warm.  The Tofu((not spicey and overly salty) and the Soup were barely acceptable, nothing that i would recommend.I know there is a premium $$ applied to eating on the strip, but I thought they really missed the mark on each item we ordered.The drinks literally took 20 minutes to get to our table as well.Service was really non-existent.  Will not go back.With all the dining choices in the area do yourself a favor and skip this one.
2	You are perhaps wondering why I am only giving this joint two stars, well let me tell you why... after a long drunken day of walking up and down the strip we came back to our hotel and decided sushi sounded delightful. We noticed also that on Sundays they have happy hour starting at 5 p.m. Well we arrived at 4:51 p.m. and the dumb bang waitress would not let us even sit down until 5 p.m. if we wanted to order off the happy hour menu. Mistake numero uno. So we watched the tail end of the Raiders game and then finally were allowed to sit. Not sure if the idiots here cannot understand english or what but every question I asked just proceeded a confused expression and an attitude. Come to find out it is half off appetizers and sushi for happy hour BUT you have to sit at the sushi bar to get half off sushi and you have to sit at the regular bar to get half off appetizers. We ended up just getting sushi and what a mistake. For being only one of three groups in the place my rolls took so long you would think there was a fisherman out back reeling in my spicy tuna. And not only that but exactly when I picked up my last bite the dumb bang waitress comes over and takes my plate away before i could even dip it in soy sauce. Then it took us another ten minutes to hunt someone down for the damn check. The food in general was okay. Nothing special. I was very disappointed with the service. It was down right miserable and literally put my entire group in a bad mood. I will NEVER eat here again due to the horrific service.
4	I'm also surprised at the bad reviews. My friends and I ate here for the first night we were in Vegas. We were seated in the back and ordered a variety of appetizers and entrees. I ordered sushi while my friends ordered the family style meal. The service was wonderful. Our waitress was fast, friendly, and courteous. She happily brought us out drink after drink and timed my sushi with my friends' meals perfectly. A few other people assisted her in bringing out plates and each was more courteous then the last. Portions are gigantic. The food was delicious. The mixed specialty drinks were even more delicious. She even then gave my friend and I who did not order the family style meal free ice cream that was super tasty! I would have happily eaten here again.
4	Okay let me begin by saying we have been here three times because the food is yummy! I love spicy so I ordered the black widow roll ($20), yummmm! My boyfriend ordered the salmon avocado roll and that was so good! The next night we ordered sweet and sour chicken and it was soooo good! Try the veg spring rolls-------yummmmmmIt's a tad bit pricey and there is no view and it's quiet but it's a great place for good Chinese
4	i thought the food was nice standard chinese food that i am used to in america,  we went for the lunch special which is 8.95 for a plate of food, choice of soup, and vegetable spring roll.  overall it was a great lunch time deal.  i loved my sweet and sour pork.  thought it was delicious.  service was quick, although not so personable.  they were quick on soda refills and the food came out really quickly which was a plus.  i always wanted to give this place a try and i would definitely give it a try again.  it was pretty much on the same level as chin chin cafe at new york.  to me that was a good thing because i enjoyed that place a lot too.
1	Two of us had dinner here on a fairly quiet evening for the restaurant.  The service was friendly but not good.  The appetizer of calamari was inedible but we couldn't send it back because the server never checked on us between our appetizer and entree courses.  Both of our entrees were very bland and lacking much flavor.  I love the Monte Carlo and most of its restaurants but I won't be returning to this one.  I'd be better off at Panda Express.
1	This is good chinese food if you're from OTTUMWA, IowaBut im from around Chicago, and i can tell you with that the mandarin cuisine here  is is not good.  Borderline not edible.  Im a restaurant owner and would hate to call anyone's food that, but it is what it is.  The prices are reasonbale especially for a casino floor location, but food is bad.
3	I'm surprised this place got such low reviews. After meeting up with Susan 1 and mom at McCarren, we headed off to the strip and quickly settled on Dragon Noodle for dinner after grabbing a quick drink at the bar. We were greeted and seated right away. Excited for the night to start, we wasted no time picking out the goodies we wanted to nosh on. We ordered: BBQ Pork medallions $8.99-Yum! Hot and Sour soup 6.99 (HUGE portions for the three of us!)-sour and with just enough kick to clear my sinuses from my flight over! I'm a Hot and Sour soup snob and this was definitely good! Shrimp fried rice 15.98-tasty! Veggie and Pork Spring Rolls $ 6.98 each serving-this was probably the most disappointing thing on the table, but when your mom makes the perfect spring roll-nothing else can really compare. We came out spending about $60+tip. Not too shabby for a Vegas dinner. It was tasty, the service was decent. It's not authentic by any means...but, I challenge you to find anything authentic on the strip...Chinese or not, lol.  I'll come back the next time I'm in Vegas to check out their Dim Sum.
2	I've had better.  Nice decor though.
4	After reading the reviews here, I was a little hesitant, but we came across coupons for 25% off from Tix 4 tonight.  We decided to give it a try.  I'm glad we did.  My husband had sushi and I had the mongolian beef.  Both were delicious.  A very generous serving of the rice and beef.  I would go back.Service was also very good.
4	The food was surprisingly pretty good.  The hostess wasn't the best, however, our waitress was extremely nice and helpful. Another girl kept refilling my water glass which was nice after walking around the convention center all day for the NAB show.  The downfall is that the prices was pretty high.  I ordered the chow fun, sweet & sour pork and string beans which were all very good.
2	If you're looking for a Chinese food fix and in the area then maybe, just maybe consider Dragon Noodle.  The main issue as re-iterated over and over again by many reviewers is the price.  I know its Vegas, and on the casino floor, but some of the pricing is just eye watering; moreso considering its not fantastic by any means. (Sidenote, Pin Pang Pong at the Gold Coast, Zine at Palazzo and the Venetian Hong Kong Noodle restaurant all manage reasonable Chinese food at decent prices on/close to the strip, it is possible!)I should clarify that its not bad, not bad at all.  If you're looking for something crazy authentic, or top notch, then this isn't for you.  Indeed the strip probably isn't the best place at all.  After a loooong day of wandering around, several beers and frosty frozen beverages, gambling away and what not, we randomly ended up in Dragon Noodle out of simple necessity to refuel and take a breather.We tried a few egg rolls, both vegi and non vegi, a fried rice dish, a seafood noodle dish, a beer and a cocktail.  I think all said and done it came to around $90 with tax and tip, which just *felt* like too much for a relatively simple and basic selection. Service was fast and efficient, but not particularly friendly, and the atmosphere wasn't anything to write home about.If they were to drop the pricing and told their staff to cheer up, they could easily up themselves to a three star.
1	Horrible sushi.... service was fine but will not be back!
4	I love the fact that they serve dim sum for lunch and dinner, cause who wakes up early enough for breakfast dim sum in Las Vegas? Dim sum was delicious by the way, we tried the chicken chow mein lunch special and it was awesome. The service was ok, come on it's a Chinese restaurant, you expect bad service and no smiles, it's just the way it is. I really do like this place and I'm a bit sad about the other reviews, but I will still make my way here when I'm in LV.
3	This restaurant was the only reason I step foot in Monte Carlo. The quality is good for the chinese food. I have not tried their sushi so this review is based solely on the "cooked chinese" courses. I am dissapointed however as they no longer have my favorite of all time "sweet and pungent shrimp". They don't even have a sweet and sour shrimp even though is not the same as sweet and pungent shrimp however will cure my sweet saucy shrimp craving. :( Honorable mentions if you are staying at Monte Carlo and in the mood for chinese:KUNG PAO SHRIMPWALNUT SHRIMPPOT STICKERSSINGAPORE CURRY RICE NOODLES
1	Ok sushi and egg rolls. Very few veggie options. Not so friendly waitress (sushi chef was nice). The main reason for the low score is that they totally stiffed us on the bill. They advertised 50% off sushi at the bar (which is kind of why we went). When we got the check they only discounted the sushi rolls (saying the promo was for sushi "rolls" only). However, this was not stated on any of the ads in the casino or in front of the restaurant (they said 50% off sushi at the bar). Very expensive for what is was.
3	Was this the best Chinese food I ever had - no BUT it was pretty good - we just had dimsum and we were happy - the salt and pepper calamari was especially good. Some of the dumplings very reasonable and some surprisingly expensive.
1	This restaurant was, by far, the worst I have experienced. Let me give you all the shortest version possible:There were 10 of us. We waited forever for a server. Once the server came, he didn't seem to know what to do. It took him quite a while to get our drink order and bring them to the table. Finally he took our meal orders. The food kept coming for different people at different times over a 1 hour period. One couple was still waiting on one of their sushi; turns out the servers had brought it out 45 minutes prior and had put it on someone else's plate. No server ever came back to the table to ask if everything was okay. After sitting there for a while, my husband chased down our server so we could all cash out. Cashing out was a nightmare. My husband and I didn't order drinks, nor did another couple. However, they brought the check on one ticket. We told them to split it. They split it into equals sets of 5. $69 per person! Absolutely NOT! One couple only had a salad, appetizer and tea for crying out loud! I told the server, "NO...we need them to be split to what we ate." after 30 minutes, me and a friend left to go gamble. It took another 40 minutes for the guys to cash out after the girls had left. Unbelievable. I think the kicker was the next day when my husband, along with a friends husband, called to complain, even meet with the manager. But, all they got was the run around. They knew we were one of many Las Vegas tourist who they wouldn't see again, probably ever. They offered to comp our next meal. But, the experience from the night before left us all so upset, we declined.I would HIGHLY recommend: Please don't waste your time or money on this restaurant.
3	I would never see myself coming here for a real meal or paying full price, but I return every Sunday between 5-10pm for 50% off rolls at the sushi bar.  Living in CityCenter, this is too convenient and too good of a deal not to come.  The special on Sunday is only at the sushi bar, so it isn't optimal for bigger groups.  Service is slow and not especially friendly, but overall this is a fine place for a quick meal.  I am pretty conservative with sushi orders here (it is next to slot machines in the Monte Carlo after all...), so I stick to salmon/avocado rolls almost exclusively.  Pieces are big and taste is good, even though the salmon sometimes smells a little fishy.
3	Go Sundays for 50% off sushi. The sushi bar guy was awesome and didn't mind me taking pictures. He even posed for a couple. The sushi is good, not the best I've had, but pretty decent. The chicken chow mein was pretty darn tasty especially after a couple of drinks.
5	SO GOOD! I love the lunch specials, an amazing price for a ton of great food. My new vegas go to spot for lunch
3	I'm a excellent at home cook and I bet I can come into this kitchen and create some of the same dishes. My minced chicken wraps are like 10 times better and egg flower soup is a special treat that I learned to make by watching her make egg flower soup. The sushi on the menu was just average but it was kind of what I was looking for and the other chinese food was just a bonus. Now its not all bad the Dragon did come out on the steam shrimp bun like thing I had. It was the BOMB honestly. It had great flavor it wasn't doughy or fishy just simply shrimp goodness. The real Dragon truly breathe fire in the noodles. I had a BBQ chicken chow mein kind of dish and it was  amazing! The BBQ sause was nice and spicy but not so spicy that it over powered the other ingredients like the shrimps. Who would have thought shrimps would taste so good in Las Vegas? Maybe they have shrimp in Hoover dam. I had a bunch of stuff for one person but it was good and not to bad on the pockets. I think i spent about $25 and I wasn't dissappointed so I would eat here again when I'm in Las Vegas next.
1	No. Ew.Wtc.Yeah sure it's a nice looking place, but take it from a Chinese girl who grew up in a Chinese dense area.Ya don't pay that much money for mediocre food. Nothing and I say nothing about that food was memorable. The only thing about this place that is memorable, the bill.Tell me we didn't pay that much for that meal. To this day, please tell me.
1	This place has terrible food! Several dishes we wanted, we were told they were out so to pick an alternative. Then the waitress seemed to have attitude ...she could have been tired I guess. Anyway, I did eat a little of each dish despite the bland&  old tasting food....I felt sick afterwards ...I don't recommend this place.
4	We sat at the bar and bartender did a great job serving us. The fried calamari is to die for - nice and tender and not rubbery as in many places. We also did the wok-fried curry noodles which were fantastic. Dragon Noodle is a great place within the Monte Carlo Hotel and casino to enjoy oriental food away from the noise and smoke of the casino.
1	Service here was so bad I don't even have words to describe it. I still tipped the guy 20% and left a note. Yes I was there for happy hour, however my bill was still 60 bucks and I tipped you like I spent 120. Now the food, if you can call it that was horrible as well. The seaweed salad was a joke. The rolls a slap on my face and the un-refilled coke a kick on my nuts... stay away.
2	so the food isn't actually that bad here, but they charge you the ridiculous vegas/casino prices so i definitely wouldn't come back just for that fact.we came with a group of 6 for lunch on monday and there was only one other party. service was quick and polite. but really though-- nothing else was special about this place. i get that food tends to be overpriced in vegas... but not that outrageously & unjustifiableavg food + ave service - super expensive barely avg sized portion of $18 beef chow fun (!?) = 2 starswon't bother going back since there are plenty other restaurants in monte carlo alone that are more reasonable with their pricing
3	we had the Beef chow fun and Eggplant in garlic sauce. both dishes were tasty, good... but loaded w/ MSG though. food coma anyone? There are other options. but if you're on the strip and have a craving for chinese food, with no desire to leave the strip.... enjoy it here!
1	The combination of substandard food and high price warrant the one star rating. I should have checked Yelp before trying this place. The low rating would have kept us away.We started with a spicey tuna hand roll and an order of snapper sushi.  They both tasted okay, but the price was really high.  We then had a noodle with shrimp dish and chinese broccoli.  Neither was very good.  We did not order drinks or desert.  With the sushi and two entrees our bill was over $60.  For the quality of the food the price was way too high.
1	The hostess was rude immediately upon coming into the restaurant. The man with her made a comment, "What? You don't want French food?" making both myself and my bf wonder, "What the heck is he talking about?"Once we sat down, we ordered two rolls from the sushi menu. Both were unappetizing considering how hungry we were! I think I lost my appetite when I walked in - can someone find it? Oh, it's at the Beijing Noodle House No. 9 at Caesar's Palace. If you want to eat at a good noodle house, go there. Avoid this place!
3	We have been coming to the Dragon Noodle for years. The food is good, the prices are a little high and the service is okay. I agree with some of the other Yelpers. If you sit in the back section of the place it is a bit gloomy. We liked the place before the remodel. It had cheesy decor and t-shirts for sale. After a long day at a trade show we just want to relax and not venture too far from the hotel. The Dragon Noodle is never that busy so you can usually get a table for any number of sized party. We hardly ever order from the sushi menu since the prices look high and we have never have been thrilled with what we have had in the past.Our group sticks to the Chinese menu and is always satisfied with the portions and taste. Our favorites are the Kung Pao Chicken, Mongolian Beef and Wonton Soup. A group of 6 of us ate last week for $140.
3	I am Chinese, the bf Japanese, and we both LOVE Asian food.  Trust me, we can tell good from bad.  I was pleasantly surprised here!  I really was expecting the worse after reading all the Yelp reviews.  The bf and I stayed at the Monte Carlo so we did pass it a few times earlier.  Each time looked dead inside, which is a tell-tale sign of a junk restaurant.  There was another party that was just being seated, so we figured it can't be that bad.  We said F- it, let's go.  The waitress led us to the back room which is completely hidden from the front, and this room was PACKED!  Every table was filled, so that gave me hope that maybe this won't be that bad after all.  We ordered a few orders of Hamachi sushi, the Tiger Maki roll, char siu bao (steamed pork buns), and Hong Kong Style Chow Mein.  The Hamachi was OK, I want to say just a little better than Genki Sushi quality, but I did like that they added avocado on top.  Everything else was fantastic.  We tried the HK Style Chow Mein because we are used to having all the other noodles so often back home, so we just wanted to try something new.  It was pretty good!Service was acceptable, our waiter wasn't super friendly (not smiling, not really talking story or anything) but he was professional and didn't give us attitude.  It was busy so I didn't expect the server to be waiting on us every moment but he made sure our water was always filled, and brought me green tea when I asked. Prices are a little expensive, but hey - we're in Vegas.  Gotta enjoy yourself!  I would come here again.
2	Back in 2009 when Don and I were just dating, I kept telling him about a "Cosplay Lounge" that was opening up in Vegas. I never got around to going and soon forgot about it because it didn't gain much popularity (nothing even pops up when typed into Yelp). Forward almost three years later and Don was taking me on a "surprise" lunch date. He parked at Monte Carlo and I had no idea where we were going. I never even knew where the Cosplay Lounge was located, so that's totally not what I was expecting. We turned the corner and he said, "This is it!" and I was still confused, because it said "Dragon Noodle Co." which didn't ring a bell at all. That's when said, "It's the Cosplay Lounge!"We walked past the completely empty lounge area and into the restaurant where there were only two other people dining. The waiter brought out our menus and told us there were currently lunch specials and dim sum. I noticed Don looking around all disappointed and he told he he was confused because he expected to at least see someone dressed in costume, but not a single person was. When the waiter came back, Don asked him about the "Cosplay Lounge" and the waiter gave him this extremely puzzled look like he had no idea what he was talking about. So Don started describing it and talking about the costumes and the guy said, "Ooooh, that's not all the time. It's just at night on weekends." By the way he answered, it sounded like he was even unsure of that. I have a feeling they don't even do the "Cosplay" thing anymore, but I could be wrong. After getting over the whole situation, we went ahead and ordered two lunch specials: Mongolian Beef ($9.95) and Orange Chicken ($9.95). Both came w/ soup, rice, and a Spring roll. On top of that we also ordered Salt & Pepper Calamari ($8.25) and Steamed Pork Siu Mei ($3.50). The Calamari was very different. It didn't come with any sauces and it came on a bed of lettuce with onions and jalapenos on top. We both really enjoyed it. Rather than relying on the sauce for the flavor, the dry toppings gave it all the flavor it needed and the jalapenos were a nice little kick. The Orange Chicken was alright, nicely breaded and cooked. The Mongolian Beef, however, was WAY TOO SAUCY. This pic I took: http://s3-media1.ak.yelpcdn.com/bphoto/deeOpEHwPHQpXvF7YYPIcA/l.jpg doesn't even detail the amount of sauce that was on it because the lighting was poor. It was like someone was having a water balloon fight in the kitchen, except with water balloons filled with sauce and one of them accidentally landed and exploded on top of my Mongolian Beef. I just stuck to everything else on my plate and picking off Don's plate. Overall, the two things I liked about this place were the ambiance and the Calamari. The service wasn't that great. The waiter only refilled our water once and that was when we asked him to do so when he brought out the bill. The only thing that would bring me back would be the Calamari and I'd probably order it to-go.
4	My husband and I were staying at the Monte Carlo and we were looking for something Asian to eat but didn't feel like wandering too far from the hotel. So, we decided to stop by here. We've been back twice. We greatly enjoyed the dim sum and that's all we ate there. Service was very prompt and the prices were about average for Vegas. I'd definitely eat there again. At least, I'll have the dim sum again.
2	Average Chinese, not bad but it would be so easy to make it better! Strip prices, above strip-average portions.
4	What's up with all the mediocre reviews of this place?  I loved it!!I was in Vegas on vacation and was really craving some Chinese food for lunch.  I knew of a few good places up the strip, but also knew they came with some crazy prices.  We wandered around and finally ended up at the Dragon Noodle. So happy to have found this gem at the Monte Carlo.  First of all, the lunch special was $10.  YES $10!  In most places, that might not sound like a big deal, but this is VEGAS!  I can't find any decent restaurant meal in Vegas (that's not in a hole in the wall) for close to $10.  Our yummy lunch came with your choice of entree (from a list), rice, spring roll, and soup.  We also ordered some noodle dish and it was equally yummy.  My husband was also happy to have found some obscure Japanese beer on the menu that he really enjoyed.  Great place, I'll definitely be back on my next trip to Vegas.
4	They had some of the best Asian food on the strip for half the price of some of the other places that I ate at. They have a sushi bar, steamed pork buns and perfect food. Their menu is somewhat limited though, with only a handful of dishes available, and their sushi bar closes an hour before the restaurant.
4	Good food, needs a real dim sum selection.. But the bartender was really friendly.. A++
3	So we had plans to see JabbaWokees and decided to hit this place up after because it was close.  That night they had one of their specials if you sat at the sushi bar.  I called ahead of time to make reservations at the bar and was excited.  When we arrived, we were informed that there would be a long wait to sit at the bar.  when I said that we made reservations we were informed that the person who said that was mistaken, they don't take reservations.You think for the confusion they would have offered us something?  Nope.So we opted for a table.  I was very underwhelmed by the sushi selection.  Living in Wisconsin where the surrounding area has a population of 75k... our resturants have a much larger selection and more creative offerings.  So I heard good things about the dumplings, so I ordered those and a sushi peices.It was alright, but pricing for the amount of food I recieved.  My friend on the other hand, ordered the soup, which was half the price of my meal, 3X as much food and looked delish.  I was a bit jealous.When I make it back to Vegas I'll give them another shot, and try one of their other dishes.1 star for the reservation miscommunication, 1 star for sushi... 4 stars for dumplings, and my friend gave her meal 5 stars.
2	Thank goodness my friend gets comps because this place was overpriced. Okay, but let me also say that the food here is good. I ordered the duck noodle soup with egg noodles which had very generous portions of duck. The noodles were good too. I would have to complain about the $8.00 ice cream dessert list. It is such a tiny scoop, more like a sampling from a tiny spoon. If you have the money to spend, then this place is fine, but you'll be paying triple for what you can get at a regular Chinese restaurant.
3	The grilled sea bass was delicious albeit over-priced.  The har gow was okay and so was the shu mai.We also ordered the sushi roll, which was also over priced.  It wasn't fresh although it had a good flavor to it.  Service was excellent.
3	By the time we landed in Vegas, winded our way through the cab line (anyone who's been to Vegas knows what that means) and checked into the Monte Carlo, it was late on the East Coast and Gramercy Guy and I just wanted a quick bite to eat and get to bed early. After all, we had a big day of basketball ahead of us.  After wandering around the hotel and skipping McDonald's and the steakhouse, we settled on Dragon Noodle Co & Sushi Bar. The decoration was a little bizarreNot expecting much, we were pleasantly surprised at how good it was. We didn't go crazy and stuck with the basics but the food was all made fresh and tasted as good as you would get in New York City. The best part, it wasn't greasy the way cheap Chinese food has a tendency to be. It could have used some extra spice, which was an easy fix with some chili sauce. For pictures or to read more, go to http://gramercygirl.blogspot.com/2012/03/dragon-noodle-co-sushi-bar-las-vegas.html
4	3/30/2010My husband and I were staying at the Monte Carlo and we were looking for something Asian to eat but didn't feel like wandering too far from the hotel. So, we decided to stop by here. We've been back twice. We greatly enjoyed the dim sum and that's all we ate there. Service was very prompt and the prices were about average for Vegas. I'd definitely eat there again. At least, I'll have the dim sum again.
4	I know this place is a hole in the wall sort of restaurant, but I like it.  The food is good, a basic noddle house.  We had their duck, egg rolls, and various appetizers.  Everything was enjoyable  What I like the most is the sushi.  Sushi is served after 4pm.  It is a small sushi bar, nothing fancy.  Of course as we found out the hard way in Vegas fancy or pretending to be fancy = $500 dinners for a $50 value of sushi.  And that is why I always come here.  The cut rolls are nice, have a good flavor with good quality fish.  A few of the rolls the chef seem to be a creation of the chef and came complete with a very good ponzu dipping sauce.  And - the prices are reasonable.  We sat there for 2 hours, had sushi until we were FULL, enjoyed lots of sake, and had a $100 bill for two.  I couldn't be happier.
2	Dragon Noodle Co should be called only one kind of noodle co. It was run of the mill thin rice noodles same for the soup and chow mein. Im not a fan of chow mein but my bf was expecting something a little more hearty. The sauce on the chow mein was a plain simple flour based sauce, think egg flower soup goo kinda poured over thin pan sauteed rice noodles (which then get soggy with the sauce) flavorless with meat sprinkled on it. My soup was clear chicken broth, shaved flavorless white meat and the same nondescript noodles. Drank the liquid (with LOTS of hot sauce) and left the noodles. Only ate there b/c the Cafe in the Monte Carlo takes waaaay too long and we had a club to get to.  Wouldnt eat there again
1	We went on a Sunday night @ 8:30 pm which was advertised as 50% off sushi rolls after 5 pm. My husband does not like sushi so he ordered chicken fried rice. We ordered lettuce wraps and egg rolls as appetizers. The apps were both good, however when we asked for extra lettuce, we only got one more piece, seemed a little stingy. The chicken fried rice was terrible, and the vegetables used were from a frozen bag of veggies (you can tell by the cube-cut carrots). I ordered 3 rolls of sushi, some of the smallest rolls/pieces I have ever seen. The worst part is when we got the bill, $80 and the rolls were not 50% off. When we asked the waitress about it, she said we had to sit at the sushi bar in order to get the 50% off. How shady can a place be? The food was terrible, I felt swindled and totally overpriced.
3	Very good sushi and pretty good service.  Friend picked several rolls for our group, and we feasted.  Don't remember all of the rolls, but the soft shell crab was memorable and delicious.  Service was ok, but server did not speak English well enough to ask questions about dishes, ask about beers, etc.
2	To say the least should have listened to the reviews ! I order curry noodles and chicken chow mein and sushi. I could barely taste the curry in my curry noodles. my day chow mein was very bland but the sushi was okay! to be very honest this place is no better than panda express.. Very  poor Quality of food to be at the Monte Carlo :(hotel...All at a 75.00 price tag!!!!
2	What a waste of my $$. Go to P.F. Chang's down the street instead. You get much better quality food for the same (or even less) amount of money. I had the BBQ pork noodle soup. The pork was super tough, the noodles were tough, the soup was ok but tasted of MSG.My friend's vegetable fried rice was bland. I think the only good dish was this dry/fried noodle dish but prolly coz it was drenched in sauce.
5	This place is amazing and bar service is exceptional!! The manager and Ben were so fun! Gave us great recommendations on sushi and saki. We sat at bar with them for hours.
2	Horrible service! But  Jalapeno popper roll is amazing.
3	Gave it 3 stars because the food is GREAT...but the service leaves MUCH to be desires...simply horrible service. :-/
2	So-so service and so-so food.  You can do better.  It's Vegas.
5	I just returned from the Monte Carlo and was lucky enough to eat at the Dragon Noodle Company. I saw a sign for Dragon Noodle that caught my eye while walking through the casino and decided to look it up. The reviews were iffy. Really awesome or really sucky. We decided to go for it and have to say... the best decision I EVER made. We ordered the dim-sum (bbq pork rolls), mongolian beef and also the california volcano sushi rool. Everything was perfect. Fresh, colorful, and perfect flavor. I think anyone staying within a 10 mile radius should go there!
4	We usually eat at Dragon Noodle every time we're in Vegas.  The food is really not bad (despite what other reviewers have stated).  You just have to know what to order there.  Must try dishes: mongolian beef, general tso's chicken, wor wonton soup, braised mandarin pork loin chop, pan seared sea bass filet, ginger and scallions lobster, steak cantonese style and the peking duck.We will usually order the Salmon and Hamachi sashimi, Hot Cha Cha Hamachi roll,  Monte Carlo roll, sake 3 roll and the Emperor's Negi Hamachi roll.  Their Sushi is great!!  Always fresh!!
3	Nothing too fancy about the food here. Decor was nice but could still hear the slots coming from the monte carlo casino. Service was horrible but food was ok. Like I said, nothing to write home about but the deluxe fried rice was a large portion that kept me full.
3	Our bartender Arly was awesome. My husband and I always stop by here when we are in Vegas to have the hot and sour soup. It's delicious. The rest of the food is just ok. But it's always such a good time with the bartenders that we keep coming back for the drinks and soup!
3	I stayed at the Monte Carlo for a business trip and popped down to get something at this restaurant. Good location right in the casino, perfect for people-watching, and I had a very attentive server/bartender - I sat at the bar for prime viewing of the casino and card tables around me. The sushi was tasty but a bit on the pricey end - I guess that's to be expected of Vegas! - but $40 for one sushi roll, an edamame appetizer and an iced tea was a bit higher than I expected. Still, I enjoyed the food and I'd definitely go back!
4	With Terrible's not being in reasonable walking distance I decided that Dragon Noodle would be a suitable consolation prize.  It was around 9pm and not very crowded so we were seated really fast.  Foursquare had a check in special which gave us a free California roll with a $20 purchase.  The $20 purchase did not exclude alcohol which was just an awesome added bonus.  I know Yelp and Foursquare are two different things but the two of them working together enabled the enhancement of the Dragon Noodle experience.Ordering the lettuce wraps and a few drinks easily put us over the $20.  The serving size was pretty generous for just 2 people.  It was enough to make 2 stuffed wraps.  1 of these well endowed wraps would have been enough.  The lettuce was also nice and very fresh.  A free California roll only makes it taste better.I would definitely come back to Dragon Noodle.  Even though I never heard of this place or planned on coming here I am glad I found it.
1	Terrible food and ridiculously overpriced! Orderd beef noodle soup. Super salty and tons of MSG. Terrible service as well... Advice for people from China mainland or Taiwan: do not go to this restaurant!! You will be utterly disappointed. Go to Noodle Asia at Venetian instead.
1	Avoid at all cost... Got sick here.
5	Awesome half-price sushi happy hour between 2-6pm on weekends. Tuna literally melts in your mouth. Haven't had anything but the sushi here, FWIW. Almost always come here when visiting.
2	My friends and I stayed at Monte Carlo in celebration of a 25th birthday. Each of us LOVE sushi and decided to give Dragon Noodle a try. In addition to sushi (we went during their half-off sushi promo), I ordered the general tso dish. To my surprise, this $16.95 entree, did not come with rice or noodles. Just meat with a few pieces of broccoli. So I asked for a side of brown rice and was charged $2.50. Either way, the food was delish! My friends loved their sushi dishes + the jasmine tea was really good. Our bill was around $90 so we charged the full amount to a single credit card and left a cash tip.  We discovered later on in the day that the credit card was charged the full amount PLUS the amount of the cash we left as a tip on the table! Crazy, right? I'm pretty sure this has happened to other guests without them knowing. Luckily the receipt was saved and we are going back when they open to get this taken care off. So all in all, the food was great. Just be sure to check your bank account and compare it with your receipt if you decide to pay with a debit/credit card.
2	The food here tasted fine, but it was WAY overpriced for the small portion. When I went here for lunch, the dining room was nearly empty. I should've taken that as a sign, but I was staying at the Monte Carlo and this was inside the resort.
5	Food was great, service was fast and Arly made our whole experience awesome!
3	Let me start off with saying that the decoration was really nice. The servers were also nice, asking if we needed anything every so often.We went here during lunch on a Sunday. The food is overpriced, but that's expected, being in Vegas and all. They were serving sushi but I didn't really feel like eating it. Instead I ordered the Singapore Curry Noodles. It was kind of salty, but I liked it. If you're around Monte Carlo and up for decent Chinese/Japanese food, head over here.
5	During 5 days in Vegas, I ate here 3 times.   I really wanted to eat healthy while I was in Vegas for CES.  Thanks to this place, I was able to eat a few healthy meals. I ordered the oyster sauce broccoli and asked them to add chicken.  All three times. Each time the sauce was a little different and I loved each one.   I ordered brown rice too. I also tried the salt & pepper calamari  Yumm, and the Vegetable spring rolls during my stay. Staff was awesome.  If you're staying at the Monte Carlo or not.  Get to the Dragon Noodle Co, while you're in Vegas.
3	It was good not great. Wouldn't go out if my way to eat here when there so many good choice around.
2	Small portions for the price. my husband ordered shrim with cashews $21 and small! I dont eat meat so.i ordered hot schezuan (however u spell it) tofu... Had to send it back ... No flavor not spicy at all and tofy was extra mushy. Got the green beans instead but $12 for just green beabs is too much
3	Had to knock off a star for NO MORE DIM SUM!! Yikes!! That's the only reason we stopped by to eat here, I was sorely disappointed they stopped serving dim sum about 3 months ago.No dim sum, no bueno.
2	Decent Chinese food. Worth checking out if you are staying in the Monte Carlo. I had the shrimp kung pao lunch special and it was ok. There was nothing memorable about this dish, but it filled me and I was hungry.Service was very good at the bar.Too many other better options in Vegas. Don't waste your time here unless you don't feel like leaving the Monte Carlo.
4	The Lunch special for $10 was worth it. Food tasted good and decor is elegant yet hip. NO WiFi I should knock a star for that.
2	Nice looking spot and the food is okay. We ordered various pot stickers and dim sum items but they were somewhat uninspired. I don't think it is fresh made. I guess that is my main issue. They have a taste that seems to be more like the food has been previously frozen. I don't know this for sure, but that's what the texture and tastes are reminiscent of for me. That said, the atmosphere is whimsical and it is convenient if you are staying at the Monte Carlo or somewhere in that area and need an affordable late night (or mid-afternoon) fix.
2	So I'd first like to mention that service was fine (I had to-go anyway) but we all go to restaurants for good food above all. I ordered one item, a soup item, total was $16. I ordered the Duck Soup and the serving was definitely for one person from the amount I received. the broth was pretty plain, a few stray green onions and a general salt flavor and not really a duck flavor. There were some duck pieces that were all bone pieces with little meat on them, the duck had an ok light flavor but I would enjoy a more savory taste definitely. I didn't like the texture of the noodles, best way I can describe it would be chewing on hair.  If it didn't cost so much then I'd understand but even inside a casino this is still gouging, especially with the quality... $16 for one serving of duck bone salt soup, bad dragon, bad!
4	The food was amazing. I loved it. It was also nice being seated close to the kitchen because you can see the staff cooking your food. The only reason I gave this 4 stars was because of the portion sizes. When I went, there were almost 10 of us, and we ended up having to order two of some dishes. I expected their portions to be a tad bit larger.
1	We visited this restaurant several years ago and liked it. We looked forward to returning as they had really good plum sauce and won ton chips and meals were good too. Only to find out they don't have the same food. The rest of the meal didn't get any better. The service was VERY slow. I asked for a cup of ice which I never received. My kids ordered lemonade and they charged $4 a glass - with no refills! They didnt tell us they charged for refills when my kids asked for more lemonade. We then saw the charges on our bill after ($24 for lemonade!) Way over priced. It took forever to get our bill, Plus they added %18 tip automatically - which they didn't deserve. When we checked our account later that night we noticed that they ran our credit card for more than we had authorized. As if they added the automatic tip twice! Needless to say - we won't be going back to this restaurant again.
4	This place serves up some pretty tasty Chinese food, and they are very quick in the kitchen. Quicker than getting seated, actually. We went twice while we were in town, and each time, we had to wait awhile for the host/hostess to seat us. But once seated, we got our drinks and orders taken quickly, and then amazingly fast, the food arrived. The sushi took a little longer than the Chinese food, surprisingly. We had the Mongolian Beef  (super yummy flavor & tender beef, and not filled with a boatload of onions, thankfully), Orange Chicken (skip it - this is fried and sweet and not very good, but hubby loves it, so....), General Tso's Chicken (skip it - it's the same as the orange chicken but with a different sauce; still sweet and gloppy), String Beans with XO Sauce (omg, get these! So much flavor, not greasy, and very delicious), and some spicy tuna rolls (decent, not very spicy though).  Good fortune cookie too. :-)Only major gripe with the place is the prices, but hey, it's Vegas. That Mongolian Beef? that's $18.95. Yeah, ouch - hence the 4 stars. But otherwise, we enjoyed it a lot.
2	I really wanted to put one star, but the manager lady was fair enough and partially resolved a problem I had there. My stay at Vegas this week, I looked up their website's menu and the price excited me seeing it was better than other place. As the saying goes, "not all cheap things are great." First let me say there was this Asian man who took my order, who was a little rude. He did not really listen to what I had to say, and he came to me with the check when we were done and literally coughed without covering his mouth on my face, and told me "the suggested gratuity is 20%" and that I should pay this amount. It was just a party of two, and our total came out to around $50, so the gratuity suggested of $9. All well known and better restaurants say at the bottom of all their menus that an 18% gratuity is automatically added to the bill of "parties of 8 or more." He was telling me to pay a "20% gratuity" of only a party of two.Okay, it's not just that, I was really disappointed in the food as well. While I was eating, I kept thinking that I rather be eating panda express. It's the worse dinner, and course of meal i've ever had especially I'm eating in Vegas. I wanted what I imagined to be vegetable stir fry, but the guy who took my order, before I could spot it on the menu, said it as "salt and pepper" which I didn't catch with the accent, and speaking fast before I could finish ordering, sorry that had to be mentioned. You can say I was pretty wrong to assume he understands what I wanted. What i had was an appetizer like menu which costed more than a similar appetizer menu I had. There were 2 salt and pepper menu in front of me, because I had also ordered a calamari salt and pepper. I should've made sure, but when the food came I just couldn't satisfy my hunger, because it was plain weird and salty. Of course it was weird, because I got something different than what I really wanted to order.I wanted to pay for everything and accept my fault, until the server placed the receipt, coughed on my face, and told me to pay a 20% gratuity which no restaurant had ever done to their customer. You simple leave the check, walk out, and whatever you get, you get. Since he was rude I thought I'd speak up about what I didn't like, so an Asian manager lady gave me a half price off the wrong order made. You can say it was better than paying a big price for something you didn't like.
3	Good but not great!! The food will fill you up but most likely will not satisfy you. There is an overall lack of flavor and the use of quality ingredients was nit there.
3	We stopped in because my son was driving me nuts to eat at Dragon Noodles. The service was alright, and we were seated quickly.  TIP:  Always eat dinner at 5:00-5:30 in Vegas or else you will be waiting in line for 1-2 hours.  We ordered the family style dinner which had quite a bit of food with it.  It tasted good, nothing wrong but nothing out of this world either.  Their prices were a bit high, but in Vegas everything is steep. Some day they will figure out how to charge you for the air you breathe.
4	Ate dinner on Monday night 07/22/13. The family enjoy their dinner very much. Had the Chicken chow main, very tasty. Overall everything was good. At this restaurant you can have either Chinese or sushi. Didn't try the sushi this time around.
2	The place looks good, the booth seats are very close to your table (uncountable feeling) and the food is below average. We ordered pork fried rice ($11.25) as part of the dinner. The fried rice was so hard that I believed Panda Express make better fried rice. I try to talk to the floor manager but he told me the rice supposed to be hard and nothing he can do about it. I don't think rice is fresh made. I guess that is my main issue and of course the rest of the meal did not have a fresh taste and the texture is bad.  It is very surprising because this vendor is part of Lion chain... Also, my friend had bad experience with this restaurant too.The Monte Carlo restaurants are great overall to include the food court but I am very disappointed with Dragon Noddle Co.
1	Really disappointed. 'Spicy' means salty and the duck was overlooked and had more bones than meat. Wine was far more inflated and was listed as Cabernet when it was really some blend that looked like it was from Trader Joe's. I've got no problem buying wine from TJ, but I don't want to spend insane money for it. Bad service, and they just didn't seem to want to put in the effort. Definitely would not go back.
3	Food was ok.  Portions were small.  Only good dish out of 4 dish we ordered is walnut shrimp.
5	We ate here on a Friday night and were able to get right in. The food was quick and fantastic! I wanted to take three more orders to go. If I had the room in my hotel mini fridge I would have. Noodles were cooked perfectly. The pot stickers were made from scratch which is hard to find sometimes. The fried wontons were filled with something other then cream cheese which was a really nice change. The sake was one of the best we've ever had. Would recommend this place to everyone.
1	I had high hopes for this restaurant, but was very disappointed.The hot and sour soup was hot but not sour not well balanced. The volcano sushi roll was not spicy at all, and it was half spicy tuna. The curry noodles was all noodles, very few veggies or meat. Finally the salt and pepper calamari was cooked well but I could not find the pepper. Oh and there is definately NO dim sum.It was bland and just not worth eating. Stay away from the dragon!Definitely not worth the money or wasted time.
4	I have eaten here twice for lunch (and am planning on a third time on my next trip to Vegas in November) and was very, very impressed by the quality, service and the yummy flavors.  I have enjoyed the pork pot stickers, egg flower soup, black widow specialty roll and the best akami sashimi I have ever had.  Both times I also really enjoyed sake (I can never remember which one it was but it was chilled and a milky white color) that paired beautifully with everything.
5	Best Chinese Food I've ever had. Perfect portion sizes and loads of flavour.
3	Average Asian cuisine.  Husband had Chinese noodles and I had sushi.  Both just ok.  But, service was terrible.  Super slow.With all the great places to eat in Vegas, there is no need to come here.
1	This is the worst food/service we've had on any trip to Vegas!The service was extremely slow. Our drinks came out after our food, which is ridiculous.The food was barely lukewarm, so it must have been sitting waiting for the server to bring it out to us.We will remember the horrible experience here and never return.To Monte Carlo: Time for some new staff or at least some new management to get this place up to par.
1	My boyfriend and I were in Vegas for a work function for his company.  He got off work a little late one evening and I wasn't sure that we would be able to make out to restaurants.  Since we were staying in the Monte Carlo, I thought that Dragon Noodle would be a good option.  My takeaways:1. We walked in about 45 minutes before closing and they had already packed up most of the bar2. The drink that I did order (I don't remember the name, but it had jalapenos in it) was good3. The food was NOT good.  My boyfriend had a pork chop dish that seemed like it was more bone than meat.  I ordered some sushi, that was overstuffed with rice and filler, like cream cheese.4. The service was horrible.  Once we got our food our server when over in the corner and started counting out tips.  One we were done with our food we sat there for an extra 20 minutes just trying to get her attention to get the check.  Overall, not a good experience and not a good reflection on the Monte Carlo.
4	Really nice service! Sushi was pretty good for 50% off! Waiter was extremely nice; very polite and gave great recommendations!   I would come here again if given the chance!  The only slight problem I had  was that in one of the rolls, the seaweed  was kinda of rough but other than that, I had a pleasant experience!  Happy hour is 2-5  and all sushi rolls are 50% off!
3	After a long night (doesn't every Vegas night feel long?!) and an impending cold, I really needed some comfort food. And that usually means something soupy. Although I knew the emptiness of the restaurant implied not-so-great food, I wanted quiet time and dedicated service. I ordered a bowl of wonton soup and unable to resist the happy hour special (50% off sushi 2-5pm on weekends), some tuna and salmon nigiri sushi. The soup was pretty hearty, with some bok choy and a couple of slices of pork. The pork wontons were good and salty. Just what I needed! The sushi, on the other hand, was just okay. Although the portions were good, the fish was obviously not as fresh as I would have hoped. But maybe this is what I get for ordering happy hour sushi?
2	Wouldn't eat there again.We had tickets to Blue Man Group, and wanted somewhere close and reasonably priced. We made a 7:00 reservation. When we arrived at 7:00, the hostess was no where to be seen (the hour we spent there, I only saw the hostess go to the hostess stand once). We were finally seated, ordered drinks, appetizers and food.The wontons were ok, nothing to write home about. The calamari was VERY good (the only positive thing I have to say). I ordered beef with broccoli, my husband the fried rice. It wasn't too long to wait for the food.The beef with broccoli was not served with rice. When I asked, the waiter said rice didn't come with the dish???!!! I asked for him to bring me some.The food was no better than what we get at home for the takeout place, but cost three times as much.Save your money. Go someplace else.
4	Lot of bad reviews here.  I guess my experiences, yup that's plural, was different.  As an Asian, I always look for the hot long noodle soup.  Vegas is heaven for that reason, and this place inside the Monte Carlo has the best soup.  You get a large bowl, but the quality is what sold me.  The broth was delicious.  The noodles were chewy goodness.  Bok Choy and Won Tons perfect.  And I always add in the Crispy Duck.  Great flavor.  I always get good service, so maybe I was lucky.  But again, I've been here multiple times and will come back multiple times.
3	Just a quick note:  Cosplay waitress are no longer there.  "We don't do that anymore." said the staff when I inquired on 2/17/2014.  Makes it -1 star since the Chinese food was just OK+
4	Stopped here for dinner with my sister this past jan. (Since we stayed in monte carlo) and we were actually surprised by the taste and service.  We ordered 3 different specialty rolls with soups and they were sooooooo good. Much better than buffet from bellagio from the previous night.  I would definitely go again next time I visit vegas!
3	The food was delicious, but the service was incredibly slow.. Don't go here if you are on a tight schedule.
4	Stayed at Monte Carlo looking for a decent sushi place and found this gem. It had 50% prices on sushi and it was delicious!!! Service was good no complaints here...will return in the future
1	If you like salt, this is the place for you!  Pretty bad from soup to noodles.  Even the rice was disappointing.   Tried to finish the meal with green tea ice cream and they were out.
3	Solid place for lunch. They had a lunch special and it was plenty food at a decent price ($10). It came with soup, fried rice, and a meat option. The food was nothing special but for $10 in Vegas I'd go back.
2	So my family and I have eaten here A LOT! This time was different though and I have to say I wont go back. The chicken lettuce wraps were BLAH! No flavor at all. The crab in the California roll was a big chunk of imitation crab and was horrible. The tuna on our roll was mushy. The only thing we enjoyed was the calamari. The prices are steep but for Vegas we always figure they are steep everywhere and usually we LOVE this place. I feel deceived and that is clearly why I will never return. I paid with my credit card and we left a CASH tip. I signed a receipt for $103. When checking my bank statement today I noticed a charge for $119. When I called them a woman explained that they guarantee themselves a tip. Who does this?? I know places add tip for large parties, but you see it and you know what your signing for. I believe a tip is earned and isn't automatic and though we did tip over 20% in CASH..This a deceptive way of doing business. They have lost a valued customer in my family and I . As well as anyone I know that frequents this restaurant. Hope your sneaky business tactics were worth it.
3	One thing I noticed while walking in/out of the Monte Carlo was that there were barely any people in Dragon Noodle. At all times. Despite this, my boyfriend and I decided to give it a go since we had some food/beverage credit to use.The decor was quite nice, which makes you wonder why it's so empty? Maybe we just came during a bad weekend. However, they had some sort of baby mascot or something, because the odd baby face was plastered EVERYWHERE (i.e. menu, sign, above an archway) and gave me the slight creeps...Anyway, they had a decent selection of soup noodles and non-soup noodles (hence the name). On each table they even had an ordering paper for sushi rolls, I suppose for when it's happy hour and people are more prone to order them 50%. However, we came too early during lunchtime and were less inclined to order them full price. I ended up ordering the soup noodles with BBQ pork/charsiu, while my boyfriend got the soup noodles with beef and wonton (for an extra fee). The noodles came out looking very hot and delicious, but upon tasting, were a little bland. Apparently the wonton were not worth the extra price either.Once we finished, even though we were the only people left in the restaurant, we had the hardest time getting our waiter's attention to get our check...kind of silly. But it came with fortune cookies at least. Overall, nothing too special, but not bad either - we left reasonably full. Might be more worth checking out during happy hour.
5	OMG.  I loved my Lychee Sunset Martini!!  Delish Sushi!!   But our Dragon Family Style meal was outstanding!!!  Definitely coming back for more!!!
1	Just an update. And a warning: I was contacted by corporate. At first I thought great maybe they will redeem themselves. But nope! After giving them all the info they completly missed the point of what took place , offered no compensation , told me it wasn't their policy to do what happened to me and to check with my bank!! Bad move! Though in the end I WAS ONLY charged the amount of my bill. THE RESTRAUNT/SERVER put a HOLD on my credit card for an extra amount of money to guarantee a tip until it could be varified we paid one (cash)..=this happened and was wrong!!!!. TIPS ARE NEVER GUARANTEED!! Unless it is shown on the bill as when there is a large party. I signed for one amount and another amount was held hostage by this RESTRAUNT!! Bad business..
3	Pretty solid spot for sushi. Dropped in here for dinner tonight after a nearby client cocktail party.Was kind of surprised to see it so empty. Really nice decor, friendly hostess, and attentive service. I guess when people think sushi they don't think about going to the Monte Carlo.We took a spot at the sushi bar and ordered up some edamame, tuna roll, ell roll, rainbow roll, and spicy tuna roll. The sushi chef was a pleasant guy and chatted us up a bit while preparing our meal. Everything came out pretty quickly and was fresh and tasty enough. Prices are what can be expected in a Las Vegas Strip casino. Worth a shot if in the casino and craving this kind of food and don't want to travel far. They also have a soup noodle dish menu too. OK - and what is with the creepy baby face on the menu and decor? Yowza!
3	Great food and drinks -crappy servers. Wish I could tip bartender and chefs, not servers. Consider yourself lucky if servers check on you or even acknowledge your presence.
3	Overall decent food.  Interesting mix of cuisine that is not quite fusion but represents a variety of different individual dishes. I had the rainbow rolls which I thought were amazing. Tried the chicken chow mein and was satisfied but not wow'd.  Overall the value was good but I found the service a little lacking, not bad just a little below what I may have expected for a major strip hotel.  With all the options on the strip this would not be my first choice but you won't feel ripped off if you do arrive.  There is attention to flavor and everything did seem fresh. As stated the sushi offerings were fairly good.
1	The food was no better than any cheap Chinese joint, service was horrible and the prices for what you get are outrageous. Did not try the sushi tho... Will not be returning :(
3	Meh.... I mean, I can't really complain about the food here. It's a chinese noodle & sushi restaurant inside a LV strip hotel. I expect it to be mediocre at best, and it surpassed my expectations by being decent/better than panda express ;)Service wasn't horrible, nor was it particularly good. It helped that the waitress spoke cantonese since I was here with my aunt and auntie and they were both chinese-speaking. Overall, a solid 3 stars.
4	Dragon Noodle Co. had good sushi, strong drinks, but weird service.We arrived around 7:00 and the restaurant was not busy at all, which was nice as we had a large group of 8.  I ordered the California Volcano roll, which is my absolute favorite roll!  Not every restaurant has this roll (a california roll topped with spicy tuna), so I was excited to have it!  The roll was fresh, and an appropriate serving size for a reasonable price (especially on the strip).  I also ordered a side of pork spring rolls, which was mediocre -- I wouldn't order it again.My friend and I also shared the "Volcano" drink, which is a mixture of various types of alcohol and fruit juices.  In the middle of the drink, there's a shot of Bacardi 151 that is lit on fire!  It was a lot of fun to drink, and got us pretty tipsy.  In fact, we ordered a second drink to share, so we basically drank one each.  The drink was pretty expensive, but considering it was supposed to be shared by two people, it was a good value.The service was a little strange, but I think it was mostly because of the language barrier.  We asked the server a couple of questions (most importantly, can we drink the alcohol that was set on fire or was it lighter fluid?), but she did not really understand us.  The timing of the food being served was strange, as some people received their food much earlier than the others. Overall, I would return to Dragon Noodle Co, but it really is just a place to grab a quick bite of sushi and a drink.  Do not take anyone here on a date or for a special occasion, as it is very casual and low-key with traditional Chinese decor.
3	Decent Sushi for a hotel restaurant.  We arrived at 3:30pm only to find Sushi is only served after 4 so we had to wait that was a little disappointing.  We ordered Saki from the waiters recommendation and it was good.
4	We have been here several times. (Aside- we think the restaurant selection in Monte Carlo is about as good as it gets for moderately-priced hotels in Vegas.) The Dragon Noodle Company menu is varied, the service is good, and the quality is excellent. The egg rolls are especially good- soft, flaky crust, not hard and crunchy like you get in some places. I'm a big bok choi lover and the sauteed bok choi dish is outstanding.
4	Originally planned to eat at Yusho prior to watching The Blue Man Group but as they weren't yet open when we went (and didn't feel like waiting for it to open because we were hungry), this was our plan B and what a plan B it was.  Rather than try to order a couple of entrees, soup and rice and spend over $100 we opted for one of their family dinners which was about $24 a person and included a couple spring rolls and won tons, soup and rice...probably one of the best deals you'll find at any restaurant on the Strip.  We opted for Kung Pao chicken and Broccoli beef and considering it was Vegas, we didn't expect huge portions but we were wrong.  We got a good portion for both dishes and we actually had trouble finishing it.  The Kung Pao chicken, while tasty didn't really have much heat which you kind of expect from anything done Kung Pao style.  The Broccoli beef was delicious and full of garlic in every bite which is something that I really enjoyed....the rice was tasty, but not the best fried rice I've ever had which knocks this review down a peg, but otherwise we got a pretty tasty dinner for not a whole ton of money. I'll definitely come back to this place next time I'm in Vegas!
3	Not bad Chinese food in the Monte  Carlo hotel. We had dinner here one night before going out. It's really more of a Chinese restaurant than a noodle house in my opinion. We ordered a whole steamed fish (flounder was the fish of the day) along with some stir fry noodles and rice. The waitress offered the option of the fish fillet, maybe because I'm caucasian? LOL We confirmed we wanted the whole fish. We both had hot tea to drink. The fish was well steamed, tender and a nice size. We ate all of it. Noodles were ok, chow mein size noodles with some veggies and meat...nothing to rave about. Overall, a nice change from heavy food but nothing to distinguish it from any other Chinese place. Service was good, waitress was attentive and checked on us frequently.
1	OK, imagine Panda Express on a plate in a booth.  Now imagine paying 3 times the price and having to beg for service - that's what this place is.  The host outright ignored us and our questions and gave us dirty looks when we had the nerve to ask for a booth!Stay away from the Monte Carlo all together, unless you want a very healthy dose of second hand smoke, crappy service and horrible restaurants!
1	Ordered calamari.  It was like chewing a rubber bands.  Canceled order and left.   Won't b back again.....
1	It has been years since I had been here but I was feeling nostalgic.  I use to come all the time when the cosplay lounge was around,  made a geeky local like me feel welcome.  Now it's just a tourist trap with fast food quality food at outrageous prices,  even for the strip.  I don't recall the food being this bad before but with out the cosplay I can't even award it some extra geeky stars,  never will I come he again not even to remember the good old days.
1	Don't bother. I don't even know what I ordered. We were in Vegas for our annual girls trip. Relax, we're past all the club scenes, so no wilin out here. We came here, which happened to be in the same hotel we were staying in, the Monte Carlo, and my pregnant friend was craving ramen. Well none of us were satisfied, but  still we ate and uh yeah, that's all folks!
2	I was staying at the Monte Carlo and late in the day my girl wanted some soup. Something light and brothy to be easy on her stomach. So to make use of proximity we went here, hidden in the corner of the hotel. There was no wait and the restaurant looked about half full. The hostess was cool as was our waiter. He looked like he was also the bartender. He was great, constantly checking on us before and after we ordered. My girl had the "soup noodles" with chicken and vegetables and I got the "soup noodles" with roast duck. I don't know who wrote the menu, but that's how they wrote it. "Soup noodles with...." The soups came out in somewhat quickly. Normally that would be a plus for me, but in this case, not so much. I found that the noodles were a little undercooked and clumped together. The chef didn't dip them in hot water long enough to prevent them from sticking together before adding the broth. So it was like trying to eat a chewy birds nest. The roasted duck looked good, the skin was good, but the meat was very rubber like. And they prepared it in a way where it was mostly bones. So it was like eating bones with some duck meat. Very little duck meat. I've eaten a lot of duck, even at a lot of cheap Chinese restaurants. And this was the worst. Disappointing it was. The saving grace was the broth, which I thought was pretty good. Other than that I still tried to finish it all. We had a show to get to and not a lot of time to get to it. And for the what this cost, I didn't want to waste my money.  Sometimes places in hotel casinos are hit or miss on the quality of products and service. My visit was about half and half. I'm not sure I would come back though. Maybe.
2	Rushed!             Sushi was good. Small, but good. Crispy duck was too fatty to be touted as crispy duck. We spat out half of its weight in fat.
1	Soup was way too salty.  Atmosphere was really nice.  Meal was just too expensive for what you're getting.  I threw away leftovers after leaving.  Didn't want to taste it again after all.  Calimari was bland.  P.F. Changs is way better.
