3	First impressions really mean a lot to me. I called here to order my pizza tonight and the first person I spoke to didn't even say hello. She answered the phone and told me she was going to put me on hold and by the time I said "thank you" she had already hit the button. Great customer service lady. After waiting a few minutes a very friendly gentleman took my order. I was happy to not be speaking to the short, rude lady and he made up for a little of it but I was still rubbed the wrong way from the beginning. I gotta say though, I love that this location takes M&G dollars so I don't have to use cash or a credit card. And their service is always very quick and everything is hot and fresh. But I do think they need to work on their skills when answering the phone so they don't rub their customers the wrong way off the get go. Luckily, I love pizza so they will be continuing to get business for me but I hope next time they are a bit more pleasant!
2	I will not be ordering from this Dominos again. Last week I ordered from here and the pizza took an hour and when we received it it was lukewarm at best. Tonight when I ordered from here they told me they couldn't take my credit card because their machines were down. Strike three and they are out.
1	Yes...Domino's...you still Suck!! Stopped eating here for awhile because it was mostly just bread...then tried again after they "claimed" they got better....still gross. Not impressed. Even my 6 year old wouldn't eat it, claiming it wasn't pizza! lol No more money lost to these guys..
1	Driver had a really bad attitude. The apartment number was wrong and she asked "Sooo did you just enter it wrong or what?" Then she kept me on the phone without talking while she trudged over to my apartment. I apologized for the mix up and she said nothing. The most interaction she had with me at the door, was to ask if this was my credit card?  I still tipped her because I've been a server before, but thinking back maybe I should not have. I would never have been so rude to a customer. The pizza tasted pretty good, but I already had a bad taste in my mouth. Next time I will order from Papa John's or one of the 10 other pizza places near ASU.
4	I LOVE what they have done with their crust and how they make their pizza's!! I've always been satisfied with Dominos! They get their pizza there really quick too!!!  :D
4	Some decent changes seem to be happening here - at least last night. Ordered the two-topping medium pan pizza special for $7.99 which turned out decent. Always a big fan of cheese sticks, so i decided to add the $5.99 stuffed sticks and these were clearly the highlight of the meal. You cut them yourself, but it ends up about six or seven slices of very cheesy bread. These are definetly guilty pleasures. Only negatives is that it will cost 75 cents for any dipping sauce for the bread (blue, marinara, etc) and they don't provide parmesan cheese packets. Everything was done online and arrived hot after about 25 minutes.
5	Ordered through the app on my iPhone. That was awesome, and easy to use. Ordered their pasta bowl! It was ready in the time that was stated. Staff is friendly enough! I love the pasta bowl, they are awesome! Not complaints and I like this location.
1	This place is a joke. I ordered at 530p didn't get my order till 630p on top of the hour the order was wrong. when we called to complain, was put on hold 3 separate time in the same phone call. after hanging up and calling back we were told a new pizza was on the way. 800p rolls around no pizza. took another phone call and 30 mins to get the right pizza. I work hard for my money, I know they do to, but when im spending 20bucks of my hard earned cash I want what I ordered. WTF!!
5	This Domino's location is awesome! Everytime I get a pizza here it is warm, delicious and the crust is nice and fluffy. Other locations in the area have been disappointing. No experience with the employees or service. The pizza is great though!
1	hour and 15 when it said 15-20. Pizza was old and not hot at all.
5	We ordered on-line which of course was super easy.  We ordered two different pasta bowls.  The food arrived sooner than predicted, was very hot.  The delivery person was presentable, personable, and efficient.  This is the very best experience we have ever had from this Domino's location.
