5	Wonderful staff and Dr. Meek is a great vision specialist.
5	I have no complaints. I am new to the world of vision correction. The staff, and Dr. Meek are great. They talked with me, made me feel comfortable and didn't pressure me into high $ frames or lens upgrades.They have a decent selection of frames, the office is comfortable, and the people are nice. There IS an elevator, if you can't do stairs. It's to the left as you look at the building.
1	This was my first and last time here. In my opinion, the staff was scatterbrained and it took multiple attempts to complete each test before seeing the optometrist. They had to take the retina picture 5 times in one eye and 3 times in the other, talk about seeing spots! When it came to the "press the button when you see the squiggly line", I had to do it multiple times as the gal kept spacing out on what she was doing. The simple "puff" test was even a chore for them to complete... I had over 4 people in a tiny room trying to do the job of one person and they were succeeding miserably. At this point, I should of left. Dr. Gregory Meek seemed nice enough. He kept saying it was amazing that I could read the last line on the eye chart.  Exam done, time to find frames and order. Now the gal can't measure to order the glasses! She annoyed me so much that I just wanted to pay for the exam and leave. The only person on staff that seemed to know her stuff helped me and measured the glasses and ordered the lenses. Time to pick up the glasses and they were the cheapest quality lenses that you could order for $29.95 at zennioptical.com with a $20 frame, not pay $190! They were fuzzy and really poor quality. My new eye exam script is off, it was made for me to see the computer and reading only! I now have no distance vision and have to start over with another exam to get this corrected! I have been wearing glasses for 36 years and this was by far the worst experience that I have ever had and recommend you pay a little more for better service and quality.
