1	NEVER AGAIN!  Getting ready for a road trip to California, I decided to skip going to my regular mechanic and hit up Jiffy Lube - I even had a coupon.  I am normally pretty tough when it comes to all the add-ons they try to sell you; I'll replace my own air filter thank you very much.  However this time they got me on the radiator flush.  I figured it was summer, we were driving through desert - better than having the car overheat, right?  WRONG!  A bunch of monkeys with tools and hopped up on crack couldn't have been worse for my car.  As I was leaving for work the next morning, the car immediately overheated, something it had NEVER done.   I went right back to Jiffy Lube, who gave me some line about it not being topped off.  They never actually checked anything - they just patted my pretty little head and sent my on my way.  I guess it's my fault, for being an uppity female who wants to drive....any way, a block away the car temp started climbing again.  So I went to a DIFFERENT Jiffy Lube hoping it was just the staff at the one by me.  They also said that it wasn't their fault, blah blah.  Again, I was treated like a moron because I am a girl.  Finally one of the staff members working there, risking their own job, gave me the number of the regional franchise owner.  But my car was still overheating.  I gave up, called my regular mechanic who sent a tow truck out. Jiffy Lube cracked my radiator with their "flush" service.  So $300 later, I had a new radiator and a burning desire for revenge on Jiffy Lube.  I suggest the only way you go to ANY Jiffy Lube is if you are taking your arch enemy's car, or extremely masochistic.
4	I have gone to this location several times and have had no problems. I went in today because my last oil change was in August or so and they told me my oil was still good and I didn't need to change it just yet. They also topped off my wiper fluid and looked my car over while I was there. Any other place would have probably just taken my money and sent me on my way so I truly appreciate their honesty. I will definitely be back.
1	This place is a joke. I generally change my own oil but have been busy with work and my son. I stop by today and one of the kids flags me in. Next the 2 young men approach my car to let me know that they can't service my car because they are out of oil filters. Doors are open, 3 guys inside the shop, and mind you, THEY ARE A JIFFY LUBE, and they have no oil filters! That's like Firestone having NO tires! These are the same assholes that stripped a bolt on my last vehicle and blamed me!  Please don't waste your time or money here, it's obvious that no one here cares for the service part of this service industry!
