5	Only open for a few weeks, but I've been stalking the door for ages it feels like, waiting for Gus to open. Firstly bc it's in a part of my neighbourhood where I already love to spend time drinking and dining, picniking and knocking down pins; secondly because wise foodie friends from Enroute had tipped me off to this being the eventual new homebase for the crew from Jolifou a few months back; and thirdly because sometimes I dream in Surf n Turf. My dreams were not disappointed. Based on my experience last night I have the following tips:1. Sit at the bar, in the middle, so you are right in front of Dave Ferguson and can watch him make lovely food and run his kitchen and generally be charming and friendly and bossed up. There are hooks under the bar for your bags, and a coat rack up front, and the bar is wide and nicely spaced, so all will be well here. 2. Eat Caesar Salad. It's served in a good big bowl for sharing, with hunks of lovely toasted bread, capers, and pancetta with chillis on the side. The dressing is made in his grandmother's wooden bowl. I can't do justice the detail work that goes into the hows and whys of the homemade dressing, but it's all worth the time it takes and is comforting to watch. 3. Surf n' Turf for two, but could easily feed three with apps. Do it. Beautiful thick Nevada steak, juicy and soft and perfect, under a pile of giant shrimp and scallops in a perfect beurre blanc with poblano chillis. 4. Use the jars of homemade hot sauce and pickled chillis. Try them all, especially Mechant Carotte which is sweet backed up with Scotch Bonnet heat and is my new favourite thing. 5. Tarte tatin. I can't even talk about it. My heart is too full. They pour Jameson on top right before serving which seems designed to make a girl like me swoon. The joint is brand new so they are still getting their legs under them and figuring out the room, but it's warm, comfortable, elegant without being at all fussy. And as he pointed out, it's less than half the size of Jolifou, ie; small enough that David and Joshua (his wildly talented poet of a sous chef) are generally working on only one or two tickets at a time, and so have the brain space to chat and smile and hopefully enjoy the lovely experiences they are making all around them.I look forward to tucking in to Gus for wine and French Onion soup soon and often to ride out the end of the snowy season, and to seeing what they do come summer. Welcome to the neighbourhood!
5	In a party of 4. Two of us had poisson du jour, scallops (yea I know), which were grilled & served on bed of polenta. Excellent. Scallops done to perfection & polenta creamy with slight nutty (hazelnut?) flavour.  We also had red beets & grilled red peppers. both a pleasure to consume.  One minor complaint, the Green salad was tasty with very good dressing but the type of arugula was mostly stem making it a challenge to eat (coming from someone who is not a picky eater).  Our first time to Gus but I don't expect our last, & I'll certainly recommend to friends heading to Montreal.
5	Absolutely amazing. Delish cocktails, amazing seasonings and probably the best bavette I've ever had. All the while I was scarfing down this amazing meal I was able to watch the Habs on their bar-side television. The staff are so friendly and the chef went over the entire menu with me explaining every nuance and detail of his grub. Will definitely be back. It's also right next to Notre Dame des Quilles for a nightcap!
5	I was in Montreal for a few days last week to sample its food.  At suggestion of a server at another restaurant, I ate at GUS.  I'm so glad I did.  To start, I had the caesar salad.  Starting with the egg yolk, through the parmesan cheese, the salad is made at the bar by hand, the chef emulsifying the dressing with a fork.  Then, the salad was topped with slices of soppressatta and, as extra, poached lobster and caviar.  The flavor of the salad was wonderfully balanced among the sweetness of the lettuce and lobster, creaminess and richness of the dressing, and the saltiness/umami of the cheese, caviar and capers.  The star, though, was the spicy salami.  The  heat really shined and added such a unique element to the dish.  Next, I had the nachos with foie gras and sprinkled with avocados, tomatoes, and pickled jalapenos.  Best of all, the service by the staff was very friendly.  It's now my standard for Montreal's enthusiastic cuisine!
4	I have been to this restaurant twice and like it a lot. The menu is not that long, but the focus is on seasonal ingredients (they do vegetables very well) and (for main courses) meat. There is a good wine list, with a lot of private imports. As for wine by the glass, on both occasions I was offered one that wasn't listed on the backboard. I'll be back for sure.
5	The wine. THE WINE. The staff. The salmon tartar. The mussels. THE DESSERT. I can't actually remember what it was called but it has Jameson poured on top and I am speechless. I can't say enough about how much I enjoyed my meal at Restaurant Gus. Thanks to all of the staff who are amazing. I will be back!
5	This is my go to restaurant for every single mood and I have brought pretty much every food snob that I know to here and they all all left fully converted...not to mention stuffed! Sitting at the bar chatting and watching David is a delight. Marshmallow sweet potatoes, ceasar salad and fish of the day have been my major highlights so far out of the 10+ times I have dined here. The menu is small but ever changing and every ingredient is fresh. Bonus points for an open kitchen, I love these.They have lots of private import wines and beers to pick from which only adds to the cool factor of your meal, be sure to have a chat about what you like in a beer/wine and they will all make some recommendations that you won't regret. Of special note: the desserts here are fab, I personally am in love with the lemon tart nom nomAlso note: Thursday and Friday lunch is available and it is equally fantastic. The fish tacos and moules et frites: deeeelish!
5	Gus! The first thing I thought of, naturally, was the fat mouse in Cinderella. I knew things were going to go well after that. We arrived to a beautiful and charming restaurant and were immediately seated. Our server switched flawlessly from French to English as they seem to do so well in this part of the world and as he listed the dishes, I knew we were in trouble. Give me all the things! Thankfully, Risa was able to pick some of the best items and order for us. Their salmon tartare was incredible. Perfectly fresh and gorgeous. We also enjoyed the octopus appetizer and though that's not typically my thing, it was savory, a little smoky and not at all chewy. And accompanying all of these are three hot salsas on the table. Apparently Dave makes them. His restaurant menu is littered with nods to the southwest (chipotle, serrano) and these three little delights were no exception. At that point, I'd gotten into my second cocktail. Their margaritas, Dave assured me, were as good as any I'd get in Texas. I had my doubts but when that fierce concoction arrived, I had to raise the white flag. It was perfect. As good or better than any I had growing up near the border of Mexico. A good margarita in Montreal may be hard to find - but Dave's got it down. Our mains were the pork and the (giant) steak with seafood. We may have over-ordered but by god, we we managed to eat every last bit of those delectable dishes. Then the dessert came. Seriously, trying to kill me. Thank goodness I had on leggings-as-pants or else things would have been dicey in the old button region. Our desserts were a dense chocolate cake with creamy frosting, some kind of de-constructed caramel-y apple dessert (tarte tartine?) and a lemon tart. I'm not even a dessert person and I was elbow deep, fighting for bites. Restaurant Gus is adorable and perfect for friends, a date night or that evening when you just want a glass of wine and a good dessert. When you go here, high five Dave and the staff because they're awesome.
5	Best fudgy chocolate cake with Baileys cream cheese frosting is beyond superb. Had it three times so far, two out of the three were just amazing. (Of course, their lamb shoulder too!) Anybody who undermines the value of Gus' chocolate cake is plain wrong. If you don't like the service (because you didn't like the way the waitress handled customers at another table because people were waiting in line), sitting at the bar seems like a good idea.
4	Discovered this restaurant recently. We called in at 5 pm, hoping to get a reservation around 9 pm for 2 people and we got it. We did ask to sit at a table, but in the end, we sat at the bar. For starters, I ordered an old-fashioned cocktail... it was okay, not the best I've had.For entrees, we had the sausage/pieuvre one with the nachos/foie gras one. The pieuvre was tender, but the portion was really small. As for the nachos/foie gras, it was delicious. My boyfriend, who is picky, couldn't stop eating it.For our main course, we ordered the pork chop and the lamb. The meat was grilled to perfection and I liked their mashed potatoes. It was definitely worth eating there.For desserts, we got the chocolate cake which is topped with like a barley cheesecake mixture and the apple poudding chomeur. The desserts were not as sweet, so it was perfect for my palette. It was definitely the best desserts I've ever ate. The bill came out to be slightly expensive, but  it was worth the trip, since the waitresses were really attentive to us and the owner tried to talk to us as well to make us feel welcome. I would definitely return :)
