5	I'm going to ditto the 1st reviewer. Have had to go thru the smog check 4 times this year. I've been a fan for 5 yrs and I can attest I've never had a bad experience. I've had them do basic oll changes, smog checks and major work. I've always gotten a fair deal. Hell where in thsi valley can you get a smog check for $10.00 and oil change for $15.00!  Jiffy lube is 1 block down...they always have a special, but you won't leave w/o paying $25 to 30.00 dollars. Heck Walmart's basic oil change is $29.00. This is a family operation, every one is friendly. Take 20min out of your day and give Sun Valley a try for your automotive needs.
1	I came here for an oil change about 4 months ago and was talked into getting the "better" oil. I was also told my tail light was out and that to fix it would be $107. I chose to just get the "better" oil change. I found out at my last oil change that the better oil was actually synthetic. Which is fine, but they could have explained that to me. They also could have told me that with synthetic oil I can wait much longer between oil changes. Sun Valley never told me this. When I went in to a new shop for my next oil change at 3,000 miles I was told I didn't need one - that's right, the place I went to could have charged me for an oil change I didn't need. But they told me. They also explained synthetic oil to me. And get this...my tail light? It cost $24 for the bulb and labor. $24! But at Sun Valley it would have been more than $100! Insane business practices. DO NOT GO TO SUN VALLEY THEY CHARGE MORE FOR THE SAME SERVICES!
1	Never again...went in for a part and have them verify it was what I thought a discontinued part no one carried. They took it in and 30 mins later tech came out and told me he found my part....for 600 dollars. I paid my service fee and left slightly worried. Took it to my real trusted shop James West Automotive and turns out its not even the part I or Sun Valley said it was...and it was only 100 dollars. All these reviews about great smog checks?? Really?  That doesnt make a shop...being correct and not a crook does.Go ahead and head there if you wish...sure they have Oceanside property in Colorado for you too.
1	ANother update at the bottom as the crap thickens...This is an update of my original post in response to a comment posted to my review from Terry.Never again...went in for a part and have them verify it was what I thought a discontinued part no one carried. They took it in and 30 mins later tech came out and told me he found my part....for 600 dollars. I paid my service fee and left slightly worried. Took it to my real trusted shop James West Automotive and turns out its not even the part I or Sun Valley said it was...and it was only 100 dollars. All these reviews about great smog checks?? Really?  That doesnt make a shop...being correct and not a crook does.Go ahead and head there if you wish...sure they have Oceanside property in Colorado for you tooHere is the update and response:Terry I know your shop had been around since I have been coming to it for decades and went to school with Dan.  You were also my trusted shop until this day and went to who could get me in quicker which was yours.The date of service was 11-1-2011 Invoice Number 51589 time in9:25 time out 10:20. Your typed quote was 596 plus the 46 for the diagnostic. Go ahead and find out the tech that tried to charge me that much for a part that oreilly's and autozone carry for just over a hundred and don't try to tell me the rest was labor as I changed it myself in 20 mins.Thank you for making your shop look worse.2nd Update.Well Terrry 1st off the part was not a cheap part it was from Cardone who has been around almost twice as long as your shop. 2nd the 85% failure rating you gave was a nice number you plucked out of the air..nice try. 3rd. the person running your desk was quite clear that the diagnosis fee was not going to be credited back if I had the work done there as it work already performed. 4th.  I have a solo brake bleeder kit that magnetically sticks to the frame so ya..it is that easy to bleed the brakes but the hour labor was not the issue, the BS markup on the part was. Reply with all the lies/excuses  you wish, Yelp is for the people and everyone reading this can see the facts and your several attempts/failures at excusing the BS that occurred that day. Take care and I wish you only the best
5	I can't believe I haven't written a review about this place yet. When I first moved to Las Vegas, I had a lot of problems with the DMV. An incompetent front desk worker at the DMV told me that I had 90 days to register my vehicle or I would be fined $1000 by the state. Exactly 59 days after I became a resident of Nevada, by ironic coincidence I found a document that said that I only had 60 days to register my vehicle or be fined a grand. I immediately called the DMV and the rude lady on the phone said that 60-days was correct. So I drove down to the DMV as fast as I could but I hadn't had a smog check yet. As many already know, they won't let you register your vehicle unless you have had a smog check.  It was Saturday around 2:30pm and every damn auto service place within 10 miles of  the DMV was closed.  But, there was one that wasn't. That's probably why I like this place so much. It's open 7-days a week and they are open practically 24 hours. It's my place to go when I have an emergency and every other place is closed. Customer service was great as well. There was nothing negative I could ever write about this place. I mean..it saved me $1000 dollars..what else could I ask for! So, I give it a perfect review.
1	Rude employees and disingenuous advertising.  They claim to be open 7 days a week from 7 AM to Midnight.  I had my car towed in last Saturday around 5:00 PM.  As I was leaving I asked when they would look at it and the front desk guy says they run a skeleton crew on the weekends and should get to it by Sunday morning.  I called back at 9:30 AM Sunday and spoke with the mechcanic Justin.  I asked if had looked at my car and he said no and that he may get to it that evening.  I said "Justin the reason I brought my car to you was that your open on the weekends and I need my car back ASAP".  Justin's response "listen I'll get to it when I get to it and if you can't wait then come and pick up your car", so I did.  I could of had my car towed to a dealer who was going to look at it Monday.    I came to Vegas for the weekend and had no plans on staying till Monday, so I thought these guys advertising they are open on the weekend could take care of my overheating car, but instead they are basically open to take your can in and work on it during the week when they have a full staff.  The salt in the wound was speaking with Justin the Mechanic he was a condescending little punk.  I was not belligerent nor rude to him I just asked him when he was going to look at my car.  Obviously management has no clue or doesn't care because they either hire rejects or don't train their employees on customer service skills.  More importantly they advertise they are open on the weekend and don't staff accordingly.  AE
4	NEW CUSTOMER AND NOW A LIFER!The man at the front desk was very nice, very helpful!!I went in for an oil change and i was in and out in less than 20 mins...cant beat that. and it was only 15$  I will be back guys THANK YOU!!!!
1	The customer service here was terrible, getting estimate is very hard. The guy who answered the phone on 9/10/12 around 4:45 pm actually hung up in my face because he couldn't another guy name Mike. Don't waste your time like I did. I read the other comments that were listed and wanted to try them for myself, unfortunately some of the comments are true regarding the customer service. I feel bad for the owner, because as a business owner myself it's very hard to find good employees and ultimately they are a reflection of the company as a whole.
5	love this place. Of all the years I've owned a car I've never found a shop that I felt 100% comfortable taking my car to. Well, I'm happy to say that I now have. I never feel like I'm being sold on anything. I'm just thrilled to have found and automotive shop that I can trust. Thank you, you guys Rock!
2	I took my F150 there yesterday to have the transmission fluid changed. Wasn't having any issues, just wanted to do it for peace of mind since I recently purchased the truck. They had it for about 4 hours. When I picked it up, everything seemed fine. Drove it a ways past my house to be sure. On the trip home, the trans started slipping and was not acting normal. Pulled over, to see transmission fluid pouring from the bottom. Called them immediately and had it towed back to the shop that evening. They assured me they would fix it, and have it ready for me the next day. They appear to have fixed it correctly. But I am now unsure of how long the trans will live after this ordeal. I wasn't offered any kind of reimbursement (other than offering to flush and change my break fluid) They say if you want something done right, do it yourself. I didn't have the time to do so, but in the future I will probably make the time. Won't be coming back here. Overall, I am glad the tech owned up to his mistake and fixed it, but that should be standard procedure. What happens if a few thousand miles down the road the trans prematurely fails because of this? I'm willing to bet I'll be out a few thousand dollars to have a new/rebuilt trans put in.
1	Do Not Go In There! These people are scum... The type who will mess up your car to make an extra buck(unless you pay up a ransom)--think Jiffy Lube. My experience: Went in for an oil change. I was low on funds, so I brought in my own oil from auto zone. A few minutes in, the clerk looks at me then goes back to into the shop. He returns almost immediately with a clear bucket and says my oil (I'd actually opened it when attempting to change the oil at home and broken its two seals myself) was the dirty oil returned to where I'd brought it... That I'd been duped and needed to buy more oil from them. The guy was a terrible liar, btw. I told him to please put my oil into the car and explained politely I knew it was new oil. I was too tired to storm into (out-of-view) work area, as I'd just returned from Sydney one day prior. I get my car back and the oil is at the exact same level and color, ie., they poured all of my good oil out of the $30 synthetic 5 quarts I'd brought in and switched it with some bad oil. They even gave me the 5 quart bottle back with a splash of dirty oil that was "left over"... But by car actually takes 5.6 quarts!!! With a labor rate of $105 per hour, why be so greedy? How can people be such terrible humans?Lots if people like these jerks in Las Vegas from what I've heard. Advise: take your car to Pep Boys and watch them work from the waiting room. I did.
5	Great place! You can drop your car off up to midnight and it will be fixed the next day. Service and pricing is excellent. Great customer service. We take all our cars there.
5	I will keep this short and sweet since I've only been here for oil changes. They have great service and friendly staff. I've never run into a problem here. Yeah wait times can get a bit long for oil changes but for $15, I'll sit back and be patient. My son gets antsy at times, but lately he has the glass case of collectibles and neat items to look at which they've just added. We've even left one vehicle and picked it up once it was finished. They are even open until midnight which might come in handy one day. They have complimentary water while waiting and even soda on some occasions. Available to you either indoor or outdoor seating while you wait. I'll be here every three months for my regularly scheduled oil changes. :)  thanks Sun Valley Auto!
1	If you want a late night smog check, don't bother.  They claim to do it until midnight, but apparently only if they feel like it.  I went about 11 and the guy told me they were booked up when there were literally no people in there.  He said I could leave my car overnight if I wanted to.  Too lazy to do his job, so he wanted to leave it for the next shift.  People don't leave their car for a smog check.  They go someplace, wait 10 minutes, and then leave.  Call ahead of time because the employees aren't going to keep to the posted hours if no one is there to make them.
5	Wait time+service+value=best in Vegas. Won't take my vehicles anywhere else. And to top it off they are open from 7am-Midnight. Exactly what we need in a 24 hour town. Thank you Crazy Terry and his sidekick Dave.
1	I went in there today and I needed a smog check and they proceeded to go ahead and do a smog check knowing that my check engine light was on since I told them and took my money. A professional business would have told the customer that the car was not going to pass because the check engine light was on and not have took the customers money.Just horrible. Never going back there again.
5	This review was posted in error and I don't know how to delete it so I am just changing the star rating to five but I have no experience with the shop
1	Do not use this business.  Went in with a computer readout.  Scumbag tried to sell me a "real good computer check" on their computer.  When I told him that was silly and started to leave the fat tub of diarrhea thought he was going to jump bad on me and followed me out yelling at me!  Imagine my surprise to find out the thief is actually the owner!  Don't go!  - star would be a better rating.
5	I recently purchased a high mileage used Jeep Liberty. A few weeks after buying, the oil pressure light came on. Fearing the worst (and most expensive), I started searching for repair shops online. Sun Valley Automotive had very high reviews and were located very near my home, so I decided to give them a chance. I'm exceedingly glad that I did. They were honest from the start, they had my car finished when they said they would, and best of all, didn't try to upsell me or do more than was actually needed. Instead of replacing parts, as I dreaded, I got out the door with a cleaned oil sensor and an oil change, for under $140. They also offer $15 gift cards if you spend over $100. It was overall a very good experience (not something you'd expect from a trip to the mechanic) and I'll be back for any and all future vehicle maintenance.
