4	We could not believe there was a Shanghainese restaurant in Vegas. We were just driving around and I noticed in huge Chinese writing for xiao long bao $3.95. Hubby said "let's go eat there". I'm like "right now?" He's like "yeah". It was 4pm and it was neither here nor there, but I complied.We get in there and the Shanghainese owner seated us. He was pretty funny. After finding out I could speak the language, he came over and talked and talked with us. We got the XLB since it was so cheap hoping it would be good. They also had 'ma lan tou' which is a cold appetizer (which I love). We also ordered scallion pancakes which is lil guy's favorite. Stir fried rice cake is also another favorite of our's so we got an order of that too.  I then noticed they also had salty soy bean milk which, generally is on the weekend menu of many restaurants but here, you can get it at any time.The rice cakes was delicious, so was the ma lan tou. Lil guy loved the scallion pancakes AND the rice cakes. Hubby loved the salty soy milk. I thought the soy milk was really good.... again so surprising in Las Vegas of all places. The only thing which was not up to par to Din Tai Fung of course as the wrapper was on the thick side, but for $3.95, it was alright.To find such good Shanghainese food is one thing in the LA area, but in Vegas? I was pretty blown away. The owner was tickled pink watching hubby eat all the traditional foods commenting on it whenever he could. Since the restaurant was empty at 4pm, he was hovering over us pretty much the entire time we were eating. So funny!
4	Planned to go to one of the buffets in the hotels but realized it was too late for the ones we wanted instead we headed down to 'Chinatown' and hit up Shanghai Restaurant for dinner. We ordered five dishes, and everything was perfect. The basil frog was excellent, very clean taste and great cooking. :) But I only ordered it jokingly and thought she didn't actually write it down. Oh boy she did. Their Shanghai Fish dish was killer, by the end of dinner i was ready to die :)
5	We went to this place before we went to the airport today.  Food was really good and cheap.  Located in LV chinatown.  We had the shanghai dumplings, beef noodle soup, and kung pao over rice and shanghai chow mein.  We finished everything.
3	I was here for a Taiwanese breakfast and was very pleased with the Xiao Long Bao. It was not Din Tai Fung quality but for $2.95 it was a great value. The soup inside was delicious and the thickness of the skin and the taste of the meat were right on. (Be aware that only the first order of 8 is priced at $2.95. Additional orders are $6.95.)The soybean milk was soybean milk to me, I lacked the expertise to distinguish between excellent vs. average here. The chinese donut (yao tew) was not very crispy and somewhat hard. The scallion pancake was disappointing, it was hard and bland. I feel like giving a 4 star here due to the Xiao Long Bao, but the other items drag it down to a 3 star.Service was without a smile which is not surprising for chinese dive joints. Our waiter looked like he wished he was on a beach in Hawaii.I'd recommend you go there and order two baskets of XLB for each person in your party and call it a day!
1	The window advertises xiao long bao (soup dumplings) for $2.99 for 8, for lunch, limit one per table. It's clearly a scheme to get you to come in. When we asked for it, they said it was $7.99. False advertising!This place had terrible service. The first time we asked for water, it never came. Then there was a waiter that stood around looking bored, and didn't see me frantically wave at him for several minutes. When they brought a big tub of soup, they didn't even give us bowls for the soup, and we had to ask for it separately.On top of all that, they put a gratuity charge on the check for a party of _three_. Last I checked, that was not normal except for large parties. I would have like the choice to give a 10% tip, given how bad the service was.Overall, the food was okay, but expensive. Not a pleasant experience, and the wait-staff was pretty bad. I would not recommend this place to anyone.
1	Well, one word i want to say "sucks"~ four of us went to this restaurant because the next door was too crowed~ we found out the decision was so wrong~ first, they did not have any breakfast to order which did not match with their Ads outside. after we sat down, we waited more than half an hour for all dishes but in the end, they just cancel our order and let us go becayse there are more people waiting outside.Then, the food was very little, just one spoon per person and no one was full~  i think this restaurant is not even qualified for one star~ Anyway, think carefully before you go and this restaurant is not recommend at all!!
4	I'm Shanghainese and have been eating the food all my life ... I can't comment on the xiao lon bao because I didn't have it but if you have their other traditional shanghainese dishes they are very good ...most of the dishes we had I only know the chinese name for but the Shanghai vegetable rice w. salty pork was very good ....  the only downside is that it is a little pricey for the amount of food that you get
1	Out of ALL the Asian restaurants that line the Spring Mountain Road strip of Vegas' Chinatown, whyyyyy did we have to choose this one??The restaurant was a ghost town on a Saturday night.  We were the only ones in the restaurant for the first half of our meal.  While we ate, the employees were either collaborating with the cleaning of the fish tank or kept pacing around our table.  Can you say, awkward and uncomfortable?!We ordered the following:* Shanghai fried noodles: these noodles would put Shanghainese people to shame.  It was more like an Americanized chow mein.  The noodles weren't the authentic thick and round kind, and the taste was a far cry from what I'm accustomed to.  Gross.  * Xiaolong bao: the XLB were decent but you could detect the thawed taste in the meat filling--obviously frozen, not fresh.* Fish fillets in wine and vinegar sauce: mediocre dish, but the wine and vinegar ratio was very imbalanced.  It was more vinegary than drunken.* Wheat gluten (mian jin) and mushroom dish for our veggie friend: the mian jin was funky--way too spongy and slimy inside.What finally broke the camel's back for us was the service.  Keep in mind it was just us and another couple dining here.  Also keep in mind that we were here around 9pm and the restaurant has a huge neon Chinese sign on the outside that says "late night meals."  So they were obviously not closing anytime soon.  But midway during our meal, one of the male servers comes over and tells us to take the last XLB from the steamer.  We tell him, "we'll get to it later, please keep it here."  As if he didn't understand our Mandarin, he continued ushering us to take the last XLB.  So we continued telling him to leave it alone.  But he wouldn't budge.  So for the sake of not causing a scene, we gave in and just took the darn thing.  It was annoying and rude.  What was the darn rush?  Soon after that incident, he just kept hovering and pacing around our table.And that's why we gave them less than 10% tip...
4	came here for a late breakfast/early lunch and the restaurant was practically empty...think there was one other table.we started off with the housemade warm soybean milk...a perfect way to start a very cold and windy day.  we ordered 2 bowls, but i think 1 would have been plenty for two peopleothers dishes we ordered:shanghai style wonton:  pork wonton in chicken stock seasoned with preserved/salted baby shrimp and garnished with shredded seaweed.  yummyjellyfish salad:  a cold savory dish.  was expecting a sweet/sour flavor combination...but was good nonetheless...a little more acid would have made it perfectbeefstew with noodles and spinach:  good, but not enough beefscallion pancake:  i've had better...least favorite dish. xiao long bao:   the most anticipated dish...the flavor was good, but it wasn't juicy enough...also did not come with the typical vinegar sauce with the slivers of ginger...would have asked for it, but our waiter did not speak any english =(i would definitely come here again...the portions are somewhat smallish, but they are very reasonably priced.  suggest coming here with a big group so you can try a lot more dishes...
3	I walked by and saw Juicy Steamed Dumplings for $2.95. I was like count me in because we don't ever have them for that cheap in the OC.  I ended up making my final lunch stop at the New Shanghai Restaurant and I would say I stayed full. There were 8 pieces of steamed dumplings, and I ate 4 at the restaurant and they were still good by the time I got all the way back home in the OC. I also ordered an entree of Kung Pao chicken. I would say the chicken was mediocre and lacked flavor. They need to emphasize on improving their entrees from some of the other reviews. However if you want dumplings, this is the place to go for cheap. One last reason why I had to take an extra star off was because they do not accept credit cards for transactions under a certain amount. I just think they want to pocket the cash and keep things on the D.L if you know what I mean. Either ways, it was still good in my books.
1	If I could give negative stars I would. This was one of the worst and most disgusting culinary experiences I've ever had. We got there for breakfast, and we ordered a large range of items including the dou jiang (soy milk), you tiao, shanghai chow mein, xiaolongbao, etc. The waitress told us to order the Drunken Chicken which she said was particularly good, so we gave in and ordered it as per her suggestion. Everything was absolutely disgusting. The drunken chicken was stale and obviously bad, it was completely unedible. The only reason why she kept pushing it was because they didn't want to throw it away. The porridge was clumpy and tasteless. I could make better porridge at home, it definitely was not fresh. Worst of all, when we poured sugar into the soy milk, there was a DEAD FLY IN THE SUGAR!! She took back the bowl, and we told her to make sure to give us a new bowl. She said yeah, but it came back out steaming hot, much hotter than when she first brought out the soy milk. Which made us think that they microwaved that same bowl!The xiaolongbao was the only edible thing but it was obviously from a frozen package purchased next door. When we got our bill, I asked her to take the drunken chicken off because it was inedible, stale and not fresh at all. Plus, she had been the one who recommended it. They insisted that that's the way it was supposed to be made and refused to take it off the bill. They were obviously hustling us, did not give a damn about the quality of the food and were only about taking our money. STAY AWAY FROM THIS PLACE.
3	ordered beef stew over rice. it was actually pretty tasty, although a bit salty. it was late in the afternoon so the service was actually pretty decent. just you're typical chinese reastaurant.
3	I've been here a couple of times with my dad for dinner. This place serves pretty good dish. I didn't quite like the fried pork dish. I can never tell if I'm eating fat or meat. Other dishes aren't bad.
3	this restaurant is actually pretty good for the buck. i didn't expect it to be good at all. as soon as i sat down inside, i took my phone out and started to yelp the name. @ first i was like, **** this is going to be a wasted night. after eatting couple dishes, i wasn't disappointed. We ordered:-Eggs w/ Tomato-Potstickers-Shanghai Xiao Lung Bao-Bai Cai and Ruo Si (Napa Cabbage w/ slice pork)-Xiang Gan Ruo Si -Jiu Niang Tang Ruan (Rice Wine Desert) I thought the egg w/ tomatos and napa cabbage was very nice. all the other stuff were pretty decent and very good with rice. the rice was also very well cooked. some restaurants don't have good rice, which is a killer. the service was pretty good since there wasn't a lot of people. bad business, but some decent food
1	We decided to stop by here before leaving our long 4th of July weekend...BIG MISTAKE!  There were 2 lady servers and 1 man, all were very disorganized and MEAN!   The servers would not stop yelling and arguing amongst themselves, and the yelling would continue throughout the whole restaurant.  The servers argued in a loud yelling manner to one customer that received an incorrect order, the customer yelled right back  which started a crazy yelling match, 2 lady servers vs. a lady customer!  There was no follow-up service, and the wicked servers (which I believed own the place) would rather have you not in there!!!  During our meal there were multiple customers that walked out on them, GOOD CHOICE, WISH WE WOULD'VE WALKED OUT BEFORE WE HAD A CHANCE!!!    I've never seen servers so relieved to see customers walk away--Out the Door!And like some of the other reviewers said, they try to sell you appetizers and just bring them out to you;  forcing you to eat them!!  If you order and refuse an item you are destined for a BIG Argument!I can stand poor/bad service sometimes, but when I go to a restaurant I expect to at least not, get yelled at very loudly (indeed it happened to us once when we got napkins off another table because there was NO Service), see other patrons having yelling matches with the servers, see employees yelling at eachother constantly, and fighting to pay your bill and being told to wait (at least 30 mins.)!NEVER EVER GO TO THIS RESTAURANT!
1	I probably would have given this place a 3 star for their AVERAGE food, except the service was REALLY BAD when I went. Just a tip for the guys @ New Shanghai, do not argue with your customers in front of other customers and expect to get a nice tip. Hey server guy, do not expect to vent to your customers about your stupid boss and expect my sympathy. No bueno.This place gives Chinese restaurants a bad name. SHAME ON YOU new shanghai! Never again!!
1	The Food and Service was HORRIBLE. The pepole sitting next to us found HAIR IN THEIR FOOD and we saw a cockroach on one of the tables! One of their dishes tasted so NASTY and SALTY. When i asked them to take away the dish, they laughed at me. I only tasted it and they still forced me to pay. I was outraged! Then they made a huge scene embarrassing me stating that I had bad taste! Can you believe that? Not only that... for 3 people, they expected us to pay 70 bux! to take their crap?? NO THANK YOU!
1	Highly unrecommanded. Horrible service. We wish there is a 0 star.  Food is average, but many items are already gone when we arrived at 12:30pm, including soy milk. Asked for ginger, they say they don't have any; Chinese kitchen without ginger? I don't think so. Don't expect any service, not only us upset about it, customers at a neighboring table actually stood up and left after getting some attitute from waiter.
1	This has to be one of the worst restaurant in Vegas! Please do yourself a favor, avoid this restaurant unless you willing to get ripoff.First, they advertised on Xiao Lung Bao for $2.95 and we got charged for $6.95. I confronted the waiter, He said he already gave me $2 off. It was supposed to be $8.95.Second, for two of us ate there, they added 15% tips on your bill. I don't mind to pay 15% tips but their service and most of the food that we ordered sucks! The pot of tea they gave us  taste like something I cannot describe. Waiters are extremely pushy and rude! We ordered lamb soup, it has about 6-7 really thin slices of lamb in it. That' it! The wrapping on the Xiao Lung Bao was thick. Taste like its from a frozen package. Scallion pancake was OK. though. Third, they gave me the wrong change. I have to ask to get my money back.One dinning experience got ripped off three times. How can you beat it?
2	The only reason I'm not giving this place a 1-star is that I'm saving it for its neighbor-restaurant upstairs in the same plaza, with the atrociously rude waiters. But that's a tale for another review.My parents and I came into this place because we were so frustrated after trying to get a table at the other place, and indeed we were seated pretty quickly. This was the second time my parents have been there, the first for me. There were a decent amount of people there... I'd say the restaurant was at about 70% capacity. And there were no shortage of waiters and waitresses, but somehow everyone who served us seemed flustered, like they didn't know how to cope with so much business! (This was on maybe the 28th of December, so probably pre-New Year's influx of tourists)Also, the menu frustrated me. I'm a vegetarian, so when I saw "Vegetable soup wonton" in english ("Ji cai won ton" is what it said in chinese), I figured it'd be a safe bet. Except that when my wonton soup arrived it was like 90% meat and 10% vegetable filling. I ended up drinking the soup around the wontons and eating the wonton skins. I'm sure it would have been delicious if only I could have EATEN IT. :(They were out of a bunch of stuff, just seemed really disorganized in general, and to make things worse, what my dad ordered, shao bing (the flaky pastry) you tiao (fried dough stick/chinese doughnut)and xian dou jiang (salty soymilk, literally translated) were really really subpar. The shao bing wasn't precut, the you tiao was UNDERCOOKED, and the xian dou jiang had no flavor.All in all, a very sad meal, especially since it was really expensive for the amounts of food we got (not even going to talk about how expensive it was for the amount of food we ATE).If you're in Vegas on vacation and trying to avoid the buffet-traps of the strip without breaking the bank, DON'T COME HERE. I don't know about the other restaurants in Chinatown, but this one is just not worth your time.
1	It's with pleasure I write this review.  Not out of cruelty but out of moral duty to my fellow Yelpers.  Had I checked out Yelp beforehand, it would have saved me (and my family) frustration.Perhaps, I was biased since the restaurant stated "Shanghai" and therefore, I assumed it was going to be good. We had arrived to Vegas anticipating Hot n Juicy down the street, but it was packed, so we needed an alternative, fast. So much for adventure and spontaneity.  I'll be checking Yelp meticulously going forward. My previous thought that you can judge how authentic/good an Asian restaurant is by their patrons of the same origin.  Well this theory was proved wrong by this eye opening experience. We ordered per the waittresses suggestion, the House specialty, spicy chicken and the Shanghai noodles.  I observed a group of 20 somethings that appeared to be receiving their food on a consistent basis and very attentive service. However, our wait seemed very long.  We had our young toddler son who was complaining of being hungry.  The waittress appeared to have no sense at all about this, so I waved down the waittress and asked her to serve us the rice first to appease my son. It was another 15 minutes before our "House Special" chicken arrived.  Now I was talked out ordering General's chicken and recommended to try this spicy chicken. It was nothing I expected.  The chicken pieces were downright tiny and bony.  Dark fried as if it was fried twice.  The skin was still on and melded so I was not able to peel that off.   Also, the flavor was ok but it was quite a bit of work to pick the bones out.  I was suspicious that this was not chicken.  I started to think that we were assigned a different cook?The noodles were taking an excrutiatly long time to come out. I finally had to approach the counter and ask the waittress to which she replied, "2 minutes"!   The noodles we awaited for appeared with no apology.  Not a lot and greasy is all I can say.  Where's the pork?  I counted 3 tiny shreds of pork in the dish.  Although, it was somewhat tasty... but when is fat not tasty?  it was just too greazy for my liking.   How could this take that long to make? Again, I kept noticing the other table getting the royal treatment.  Perhaps the key to good service is speaking the right dialect? I'm so befuddled since outside the restaurant, they have a big blown up article praising this place as authentic! If this is authentic Shanghai cuisine, I'll stick to my Cantonese or Szechuan any day. The final kicker which had me go from annoyed to "RU effin' kidding me?"  was the bill.The bill included 2 servings of rice.  C'mon, you would actually nickel and dime me for rice when it was obvious we were getting crap service and subpar food.  Perfect opportunity to waive that.  At least offer a complimentary dessert.   Total cost was $23 for crap!No tip and this is only the 3rd time in my life I've ever done that. As we drove off, hubby asked me, "Was that really chicken?"  He answered his own question with, "I dont want to know."  This same question echoed my mind as well.  He may have inferred squab or pigeon.  I was surmising something of the furry kind.
4	My family and I think this place is great.  I think it has changed owner.  We have been here at least 15 times. We love the spicy chicken the BBQ pork and the tofu noodles with salted pork.  If you have never had real Chinese food you may not like this place.  We have never had a problem with the service and rarely ordered a dish we did not like.
