3	This place is small. Great ambiance for a sushi place. They had NBA on so that was awesome in my book. It was not busy at all which made me wonder why some tables were left uncleaned.I guess this place was once Xtreme Sushi since they still had super old menus with the old name. We came here because I got super hungry after going to the park nearby and TSC was already closed. They have AYCE and I kept going back and forth as to whether or not I should get AYCE.All I really wanted was soft-shell crab and sashimi. So, I skipped AYCE.Soft-shell Crab:Huge pieces of crab tempura. The dipping sauce was pretty good and citrusy. 4/5Sashimi:I got 7pcs: tuna, hamachi and salmon. The bigger orders of sashimi include octopus. The quality of the fish was alright. They were small and thinly sliced...with a dull knife. The tuna had a weird fruity taste to it. 2/5The service was so-so. Overall, this place was marginal. I wouldn't drive all the way out here just for this since I live on the opposite side of town.
5	I just moved to southern highlands and I love this local sushi restaurant! I eat here at least twice a week and I am never disappointed. The staff is super friendly and greet you immediately. The chefs take great pride in there work and make delicious rolls. The owner is always there and is very personable and outgoing.. He treats every customer like a personal friend and makes you feel at home. New ownership has done wonders for this restaurant! . The ambience is great and the decor is fabulous! I can't say enough positive things about this restaurant it is well worth taking a drive out to see!
4	Had the all you can eat under the new management and I must say the service was great and fish tasted fresh.  I'll be returning for sure!
5	Dined in with my husband and friends. We enjoyed appetizers, soup, sushi rolls and deep fried Oreo. Everything was tasty and high quality. We especially enjoyed the mango sake
2	Had dinner with my husband, first time at Kazuki sushi... Had all you can eat. Food was ok , I had better for the price. Service was slow like they don't want you to eat too much. So order everything you want at once otherwise you will be waiting awhile  in between orders or have more beer and you won't realize your still waiting. Gave it a try and won't be going back.
5	Love this place. One of the few sushi places I've been to that actually has good customer service. I no longer have to sacrifice quality for service, because this place delivers both!
5	OMG this place is amazing. I've had almost all the rolls and everyone is delicious. Super fresh and everyone is so nice. All you can eat is an amazing deal!
5	I love this place. Now that they are under new management and have a new menu,  I'm excited.  I tried the Yoshi roll, which is my ultimate favorite, and I tried the Burn Your A$$ roll and that was also very good. I wish the rolls came out a little quicker but all in all I love the rolls here and the staff. Highly recommend to anyone who wants to try something delicious n different.
5	I've been coming here for a long time since before when it was Xtreme Sushi and through the new ownership change. I must say that I love it the most now that the new owner(s) has/have taken over. The food is a lot more consistent. They've added some new artwork and chairs which made the atmosphere a whole lot nicer and tied everything together more with the decor. Plus they got rid of the awful grimy menus that had seen better days and have added new rolls, my favorite being the Burn Your A** roll. The Yoshi roll from the past is still on the menu so it looks like they've kept some of the more popular rolls. I'm pretty sure that they will accommodate orders from the old menu in case there's something you miss from before. It's a lot of the same people that work here so that's half the battle right there.The employees are all great and personable. It's very much like the tv show Cheers type atmosphere. Once they get to know you, they will roll out the red carpet, including remembering your name and what you order to make you feel at home. I'm just waiting on my little name plaque at the sushi bar where I always sit. ;)It's the little things like this to consider when there are so many other options for AYCE sushi in Las Vegas. They really care and appreciate your business here. Therefore, I vote in favor of trying out this local gem.PS: Why in the hell did someone upload a photo of their dog in their review of this place? I love dogs like the next person but seriously? WTF!?
4	Loved it! Very surprised it was as good as it was with the let down of xtreme. Was very pleased with quality of food and atmosphere.  Will be returning soon
5	I eat here at least twice a week and I am never disappointed! The food is delicious and fresh and the service is great. The new owner is very outgoing and personable, and he makes you feel at home. The place now has a new menu that is absolutely fabulous! I can't say enough positive things about this  restaurant it is well worth taking a drive out to see.
3	Attempted to enjoy this restaurant twice when it was Extreme Sushi and was disappointed both times. With the change in ownership and name I thought it was time to try again. I had high hopes, but again they were not met. The service was ok, but nothing exceptional. The selection on the menu was good, but the actual food was disappointing. The rolls were creative, but piece size and ingredient distribution were inconsistent. The Sushi pieces were small and the rice didn't hold together. Maybe I set my expectations too high, but I expect perfection when it comes to sushi and only one place has met that expectation... Kobe Sushi on the 215 and Rainbow.
5	This restaurant is an amazing neighborhood sushi bar! The nigiri is extremely fresh and the chefs are quite knowledgeable. Service is fantastic and attentive. Highly recommended!
4	Very good Sushi place and awesome customer service but not happy about Sashimi not included in AYCE and no Mochi ice cream.
5	We come here often, for many reasons, but the service is at the top of the list (okay, and the veggie tempura rolls)! The new menu is the right amount of simple and delicious. The staff is always friendly, personable and prompt. Just to give you an example of how great customer service is at Kazuki Sushi...My friend is vegan, so she passes on dessert while the rest of us enjoy our yummy green tea, red bean or vanilla ice cream. Well, the staff has been known to pick up on her lifestyle diet and has brought out orange slices for dessert, without her having to ask for it! You don't just come here to eat, you get an experience too!
5	Fun space - intimate, cute.  Good food and service.  I'll be back for lunch next time.  The owner and staff are a fun after hours crowd, too. They're open late.
4	Today was my first time here since it changed ownership. I was very impressed. Service was great. They pointed out that the all you can eat would be cheaper than the ala cart I already ordered saving me some money.Highlights were the tempura shrimp and the Spicy Tuna Crazy Roll.I will be back, frequently.
1	Not sure how this place got 4 1/2 stars. Service was ok, not amazing as how other yelpers described. Mind you I tried this place because of the reviews, bad idea. I should've stuck with my regular sushi spot, even if it meant driving 20 minutes rather than the 5 minutes for this place. Service: went in on a Friday afternoon, it wasn't busy yet. I was sat immediately. 15 minutes later other customers started trickling in. The server only came to my table a total of 5 times. (I chose the all you can eat) I had to flag him down most of the time. Food: sushi wasn't as fresh as I thought it would be. And the fish was cut so small and so thin. I literally could eat 30 pieces and still wouldn't be full. (I'm 5'5, 138lbs just in case someone was thinking I was a fat ass.) There wasn't any hamachi collar or salmon collar. The menu was actually very small. Oh and no dessert as well on the AYCE menu, which was a complete bummer for me because I've such a sweet tooth. So all I'm all, never coming back here. Is rather spend my $26 somewhere where the menu and the quality of the sushi is better. Btw (again) I so know what fresh and quality sushi tastes like. Growing up from Hawaii fresh fish is everywhere. :-) mahalos!
3	Good sushi spot overall.  Excellent miso soup and included in the ayce is some sashimi which is rare for ayce sushi spots.  The menu is small and simple but they do it well.  Nothing was really lacking for taste but it did not exactly wow me.I would say its worth a try but I dont know if I will be going back.
5	My brother and I stopped in here because we both wanted sushi and thought we'd give it a try. It was amazing! We had the AYCE at the sushi bar and we both agree that Chef Koong made our expeience perfect and the "G Spot" roll was the best we've ever had. My brother is a sushi fanatic and he agreed. If you go make sure that it's on a night where Chef Kong is there. Can't wait to go back.
1	The was our 1st time here since they changed ownership. The food used to be pretty good but this time We were extremely disappointed. We will stick to Oyshi ayce. Way better and are not stingy with the sushi. The only good item was the ahi poki salad. The sunshine was good but there was the thinnest and smallest slivers of salmon on top and the California roll under was so thin. The calamari tempura appetizer was exactly 2 peices. It wasn't your traditional rings and squid, it was to rectangular pieces that were very chewy. Rainbow roll had the very small thin pieces of fish on top. The yoshi roll was terrible. I guess they torch it, it had black spots on top of the roll and it smelled bad and tasted even worse. It had a burned plastic smell. Eww. The waiter however was extremely attentive and checked on us every few mins. We went in for 2 lunch ayce and ended up spending $70 bucks on a meal that was terrible. Just wishing we went anywhere else.
1	This place use to be one of the best sushi restaurants around... Not the case now since the ownership change. The food portions have been cut down, no air conditioning  and the new owner has more rules then the government. The only reason I'm giving this place one star is because of the delightful sushi chef Sung and the new female sushi chef.
1	So disappointing. This used to be the BEST sushi place around... Until the new ownership recently. Sushi was terrible... Small... And overpriced. I got a box which had TINY portion sizes. The soup bowl I got was half filled, the beef teriyaki was over cooked and terrible, the vegetable tempura consisted of 3 tiny pieces, and the salad was meh. The new owner supposedly is cutting down on portion sizes, which is quite obvious, but she is not cutting down on price. That, to me, is greedy and I don't think a good way to run a business. Although the owner was "nice", a few of her comments rubbed me the wrong way and her lack of attentiveness was ridiculous. (We asked for the check 3 times). We spent $40 and left so dissatisfied. Won't be going back anytime soon... Or at least until new ownership comes again... Which probably won't be long if the service and food remain the same. No way this place could stay in business. Don't waste your time here....
4	I came here a lot when it was Xtreme, and came back once after it had the name change.Nothing much has changed, which is a good thing in this case.  The Yoshi's Dynamite Roll, my favorite, still remains.  I would come back over and over just for that one roll.  The mussels are also a must have, as they are very yummy and spicy.The hostess is as cute as a button and very nice and helpful.  Service is also good at the bar, I'm not sure about at the tables as I rarely sit there.  The quality of the sushi is one of the best, and it's close to my house making it optimal eats!If you are in the area, it's a good bet if you are looking for good sushi pretty fast!
5	Excellent Sushi. Fresh and friendly staff. Good value for AYCE.  The bar is the place to eat.  Don't order the rolls, just have the skilled chefs make their favorites for you. Awesome.
2	This used to be called Extreme Sushi and recently changed ownership.  I would have given Extreme Sushi 3-4 stars but under the new ownership it's essentially the same food (there are some new menu items and some have been removed) except that the prices have gone up and the portion size has gone down.  This is not a $14 per specialty roll kind of place.  The quality and portion size just isn't there. Since this is the only sushi place in Southern Highlands, I think I'll be driving an extra 10 mins to go elsewhere for my sushi now.
4	I really like this place a lot. Every time we've been there and they've had great service and it's like family. The prices are great and will definitely be coming back on a regular occasion
4	Came here when it was xtreme sushi and when it was bought out by someone else.This new owner (3rd time being bought out) is really nice and she entertained us after our meal. She was making us laugh and made our service enjoyable.The sushi is good, but I can't say it's the absolute best I've ever had.The calamari is sooo small and you only get 4 little round prices of it. But we enjoyed our time here overall. The green tea ice cream with tempura Oreo is delicious.
1	I am a resident at southern highland a regular customer when this restaurant use to be called Extreme Sushi.I ate at this restaurant today for the all you can eat sushi and my friends and I noticed that there is a new restaurant name assuming it's under new management/owner. We went ahead an ate to try it out.My whole table ate all you can eat and finish every single order. No food wasted. 20 minutes before the hour ended we decided to order 2 more rolls. The owner gave us an attitude and seemed like she didn't want to take our order. Food came and we finished the 2 last rolls we order and she gave us the bill. Please note: dessert does not come will all you can eat like before with Extreme Sushi! Soon after we paid and we were the only customers left inside the restaurant the owner confronted our table and said "she lost money on our table because we ordered too much"! We were so shocked! I thought that is what "all you can eat sushi is"! And we followed the rules no food wasted! She essentially said that she prefers for us not to come back and to go eat else where because she lost $50 dollars off our table! Plus no dessert! Please beware! This restaurant is a piece of shit! They should not be advertising "all you can eat " if the owner cannot afford it! poor poor poor customer service! Now as a resident at southern highland I will have to find another sushi place! This is the worst all you can eat experience that ever happened in my entire life! My friends and I are very shocked and upset about this! She has no customer service!Stay away. Go elsewhere! ***Bad Customer service/ poor poor poor! I hope this restaurant closes down. I am so upset so please save your energy and eat elsewhere like Sushi Mon! I truly hope her restaurant goes down hill! Nobody should be treated this way!
5	3rd time here and it was just as delicious as the first time ! Love that they have all you can eat (that's a deal breaker for my bf when eating sushi) service was great the manager and sushi chefs are all so nice ! Perfect neighborhood sushi spot :)
1	Place is under new management and boy is this new owner about saving every dollar she can. Even the atmosphere has changed - the happy chefs I used to know now look miserable.  When asked why the changes in the menu, at least she was honest about saving money however when I responded with the changes probably cost her a customer and this might be my last visit she told me and my buddy who were in uniform to get out.  Beware of this place!
5	I most said I'm no a great fan of Sushi but this place is a good one . Great service by the owner all, friendly staff, clean, the food was great even if you no to eat Sushi o seafood is a small menu with other choice... I will definitely come back..
5	Great Sushi, fresh ingredients and a great staff!If you wanna feel like in home you should eat here.Fully recomended!
5	Clean,modern,friendly staff tvs with sports channles on, and bar. Has all you can eat available.Chicken terriyake for kids or if you dont eat sushi. I live in Southern Highlands we love coming here. Ikko one of.the friendliest down to earth servers that works there. Sushi great. Always on my appetite. Yum!!Its definitely a go :)
5	Delicious!  Beautiful presentation and friendly service!  All you can eat is incredible deal for this quality!
4	I like it. We used to always do another place in town, see my reviews, and my family started here recently. My kids (6 & 8) say they like it "better" though the manager / owner seems a little crazy about the one hour limit on the all you can eat, even when busy and all slows down but then it is about table turn. The staff seems nice and the food on the 8 visits has been good and consistent. I do like better than the old Extreme Sushi of the same location. As a side plus, the servings are a nice mix or fish and rice, not just a brick of rice. It is small, and often fills up, so be ready for a wait or figure the busy times.
5	The food and service were great. We had the sushi bar all you can eat. The sushi chefs were polite, generous, and very creative the fish was extremely fresh. We specially enjoyed the nigiri sushi.
5	My wife and I had lunch there today.  The food was great and everyone was extremely friendly.
5	Wow so awsome one of chef is from Detroit the owner treats you like family I would recommend this place to any one doing shot with them all highly suggest this place
3	I am on the fence about this place now.  I go because its a few blocks from home.  It is under new management and many things have been taken off the menu.  Although, if the owner is there she will take care of u so go when she is there,.. Rule#1.Today, (10/12/14) we come in and they have a new guy training there.  Thats not a problem as he was very nice and trying hard.  All the staff was great EXCEPT the young man that had been working there from the last owners regime( name is Seong).  He is now in charge and training people.  Now, i like going and talking with my sushi chefs.  He was so aweful and unsocial it was ridiculous.   I got 7 words out of him at 3 attempts.   This is what made my experience bad.  I can deal with the smaller portions, cutbacks, new menu, but unfriendly chef....NO. WAY.  I am sorry to say this will be my last visit.Sincerely,  a long time customer.
5	The hype is real. I feel like I've been overrating other sushi restaurants. This one takes the cake and deserves all the stars I've been giving to every single sushi joint. Especially sushi chef Sung help us a lot and very helpful. I've never liked sashimi before but my taste has changed after eating here. Had the white fish ponzu, yellowtail yuzu, and the salmon lemon oil. Everything tastes sooooo fresh and the sauces were well-paired. I would be back for some more sashimi!!
5	There are many all you can eat places here in Vegas. I'm a simpleton. I expect Stonehenge server with no smile asking me what I want and then avoid me after the first order. I was shocked out of my slippers, the servers were super friendly and even offered me different rolls. What!!!! If you're going for the food, it's great, get your uni, white tuna, yellowtail, tamago, tobiko and the basics. I read some reviews on here about the sashimi not being fancy enough. Remember All you can eat. Who has time to wait for two slices of fish to get 10 different sauces? Slice, give me, yum yum, in my belly. The fried tempura Oreo blew my mind! After the first bite I swear my world from then on became slow motion. Mmmmm ten times slow! The place is clean. Imagine how clean your house is two minutes before the first guest arrives on thanksgiving. Seriously grade "A" health rating here in this bizazz. Well yelp is saying this review is epic already, what else can I say? I hate when Asian restaurants assume I need a fork!! That's offensive as hell. This place doesn't  assume I need steel in my hand, which is the number one reason why I go here. Please do not rub your chopsticks together like Tom Hanks from Cast Away. I see people doing this like they are trying to start another Mount Charleston fire in the house. It's not cool, it's offensive. You're basically saying... you can google it. I'm just saying I'm not judging... just on yelp like everyone else.
4	Foe the first few visits, my thoughts overall was that they had great sushi and service, surprisingly one of the best sushi experiences I've had.  Came here twice and the employees and establishment is very chill.  A big tv for sports, and quick, prompt orders.As time goes by and a few more sit downs , the food has gotten slightly bland.  Good still yes, also they didn't have a lunch special pricing at the usual $21 for lunch like before.  Will wanna visit again soon.
2	Sushi was mediocre at best. The rice wouldn't stick together. The seaweed was so chewy I couldn't bite through it. Eel tasted "off." Nothing with a "wow factor." What do you expect from an all you can eat sushi place, really though. The tuna poki appetizer was pretty damn good: I will come back just for that.  Service was efficient and friendly.
2	We've been there a few times, the food is good but the service really needs improvement.The service is slow, orders has been missed and forgotten.
4	I visited for my first time during my lunch hour yesterday.... I have to say that I had a wonderful experience! The staff is very friendly and very attentive.  Love the all you can eat option and the variety of rolls, appetizers, and desserts they offer! The food was fresh and very flavorful.  Try the deep fried Oreo dessert option- you will not be disappointed! I will definitely be back!
