5	Mr. Young and his Black Belts continue the Professional Karate Center tradition in Henderson.  His abilities as a leader and a teacher are second to none.  I have known and trained with C-D Young for 18 years and he is one of the very best and brightest Martial Arts instructors around.You and your family will receive the very best in Self-Discipline, Self-Defense and character building.  You'll also have a great time as part of the Professional Karate Center Family!
5	I am a 53 year old woman. I began taking Karate classes at C-D Young's Professional Karate Center in September of 2012. I started as a white belt, as everyone does. In the beginning I resoned that Karate would be a good physical outlet for my well being. Before long I recognized so many more benefits. I began to notice a growth in my self confidence, along with a sense of accomplishment which sparked a feeling of pride in my acheivements. I began to have higher expectations for myself. I started to push myself towards goals and on Feb. 2, 2013 I earned my yellow belt. That is when I realized that Karate is much more than a physical work out. It is a joy to witness the level of respect between the instructors and the students. At any age, young or old, I am a firm believer that Karate teaches focus. It helps with self confidence and self-esteem and it pushes you to set and reach your goals through perserverance, and it all happens in a fun atmosphere with instructors that are dedicated to show you how to achieve such self growth.
5	This place is like my family.  My 2 kids girl (12) and boy (7) have been apart of this Karate center for almost 2 years. Both kids have grown so confident and continue to learn.  This is a the real deal in town.  Mr. and  Mrs. Young are incredible with all age groups. .  We are so blessed that we found CD Young's Professional karate Center.    We LOVE this place!!
5	Waiting to review...been coming here for a while and LOVE IT, couldn't ask for more family ran place. Always feel like your welcome and never feels like your just a money sign. Well worth the investment! Raising good humans here!
5	Mr and Mrs Young are absolutely amazing. They are professional, loving, creative and it has been a pleasure sending my son to their classes. It's been a sad day since we had to move and I couldn't drive the distance any longer. If you are looking for a family environment to learn from the best, then go see Mr Young!  -Chelsea and Lincoln Sheaffer
5	Best karate center ever.Highly recommend attending. Teachers are firm but fair. Facility is good and students are friendly.
5	We recently moved to the neighborhood and my 9 & 16 year old had no friends.joining CD Youngs karate class not only boosted their self esteem,they were also able to make friends Mr Young has made us feel like family
5	I LOVE this place! Mr. and Mrs. Young are phenomenal!!! Unfortunately we were only able to stay a month due to unforeseen circumstances but my son improved so much in that month. I was hesitant on group classes but each student gets the perfect amount of time spent with them. My son truly developed in one month. I will also say the atmosphere here is just as wonderful as the owners. This is definitely the place to go for karate in Henderson.  You will not be disappointed!
