1	I was living in a home that was purchased by Invitation Homes. When they took over they tried to increase my rent by $500/month!!! I contacted a lawyer who then said that they have to honor my current lease by law. Everytime I tried to get them to fix something in the home they refused. They kept coming out and taking pictures of my "trip hazard" in my kitchen but then never fixed it. Instead they informed me that the owner was not making any changes until after the first tenants moved out. When it came time for my lease to come up for renewal I called the office multiple times and they kept dodging my phone calls and then I received a letter informing me that they were not renewing my lease!!!! They couldn't even give me a heads up on the phone the VERY SAME DAY!!!  I would never do business with this company after the way I was treated. HORRIBLE!!!!!!
5	My boyfriend and I sold our home and had to find a place in a rush. After looking at over 20 different homes and being discouraged about how much people were asking for places that were obviously not well taken care of, I called Invitation Homes. All of their homes were in brand new condition. It was hard to select which one we wanted as their were so many great choices. They were a little more expensive but worth it considering what I was seeing out on the market. We had to move in and get keys the same day which they were able to do for us even though it was lat win the afternoon.Thank you Invitation Homes!!
5	My wife and I recently moved into one of their properties this month . I have to say that the are nicely renovated and well maintained and make the moving in process very smooth and friendly. We had a few minor issues with things that need fixed , called their resident services hotline and they were there that day or within 24 hours to fix it! (JOHNNY ON THE SPOT) After renting in the past from private owners that don't care and either don't fix things when they break or do it when they feel like it ...we are VERY impressed and glad to call this our home.
1	This is the first time I have rented from a corporation vs. a private owner...NEVER AGAIN. They will not let me out of my lease (due to a job offer out of state) without paying the rent for the entire remaining duration of the lease (plus I would lose my deposit). Also, one time the lights went out in a few rooms...I flipped all the switches (twice) and tried light bulbs...to no avail. So I called them and it was merely the GFS switch...they charged me $50 for that service call. FIFTY DOLLARS FOR A GUY TO PUSH A BUTTON! That's more than the gas he used! Total bullshit. They nickel and dime you to death. The rent is more than it should be, but we didn't like any other house that we looked at so we settled. Appliances are new but very cheap. We are expected to clean the house upon moving out - carpets and all - at our expense. Not a customer - friendly company at all....it's all about them making money.
1	Let me start off by saying that the home I moved into is nice. And for small maintenance issues, they handle them for you somewhat swiftly, about 3-4 days.Now to the bad parts, and my God, are there many. First of all, do not believe ANYTHING the listing agent tells you, because she is more than likely lying. She (Aimee) told us the house was cleaned before we saw it, we would have garbage cans before we moved in, and that the damage to the wood floors just happened within the month. Turns out the house was not cleaned well before we moved in. The portfolio manager claims it was, but I walked the house prior to moving in with another employee and she said it was incredibly dirty and even helped us get people out there to clean. We still do not have garbage cans and won't for at least 3-4 months. We were then told the trash service would pick up bagged garbage; they picked up everything but the bagged garbage this morning. Then we had maintenance come in and fix some other stuff and he asked about the floors. I said they were damaged during the last move out, and he disagreed completely, saying there is so much dirt in the holes that they must have been like that for several months.Now that the lies are finished, let's get to the other issues. I signed a paper stating that my for rent sign would be removed within 3 days of move-in. I moved in on the 12th and now it is the 22nd and it is still in the lawn. After the carpet was cleaned it smelled good for a while, but now there is a terrible stench, like dog urine or something like that. So my gf and I decided to re-vacuum the carpets and what did we come up with? An unbelievable amount of dog hair came up from the carpet using my $80 vacuum from Target. The smell was so concentrated and disgusting and we knew that was the cause of the terrible smell. So I put in a maintenance request last week around 7/15 stating that the smell is terrible and my gf has allergies to the dog hair. Invitation says they need the portfolio manager to see the house and check for themselves. The earliest they can get there is August 4, 3 weeks after the request. So now we have to live with the stench and the allergies for 3 weeks. She told me to have my girlfriend "take some benadryl" and that "it's not the end of the world" that she is having issues because even her daughter has allergy issues and she takes benadryl. If this hasn't changed your mind about renting from here I don't know what will. I give them credit because they definitely tried to help with some things, but for the major issue they are just brushing it aside. If somehow you do decide to rent from them then I highly suggest walking the house several times before moving in and checking everything the listing agent tells you because they are likely lying just for the sale.
5	My husband and I moved to Henderson for a new job from Southern California where we owned our own home.  I was not very excited about renting, but was pleasantly suprised by Invitation Homes.Before we owned, we had rented in the Los Angeles area, mostly from smaller private landlords which were always a crap shoot.When we first came to town, I gave my husband a list of places from Zillow and Craig's List to get started.  One of the homes he checked was managed by Invitation Homes and the realtor was able to provide lots of other suggestions.  We ended up in a great property in Henderson with a huge backyard and pool with spa.The rental and leasing process was straightforward and automated. We used their maintenance line mostly for issues with the pool and air conditioner.  They were always responsive and got a service provider out as soon as possible.We did have to vacate early due to another job transfer.  The lease terms are very clear and while they wouldn't let us break the lease, they did advise that if they can lease it during the period we've vacated and paid for, they will refund the prorated difference to us.  We're just vacating next week so can't say how this will go yet, but the relo support we are getting covers the rental cost so we're cost neutral on that issue.They've been very professional and friendly dealing with our notice to vacate and followed up with us ahead of the move out date to coordinate keys and garage remote returns.If they had properties in our new location, I would rent from them again in a second.  I worked in commercial real estate for 13 years and found them to be easy to deal with and responsive.  Their staff is friendly and always helpful to me.I see some of the other reviews with negative experiences, but have to say you reap what you sow.  Whenever I called them I always kept it friendly and received the same in return.
5	What a great company to do business with!We had a bit of an emergency and needed to get into a rental home within 24 hours; we found a model, Joan showed us the property, and it was ours later that evening.The entire process went smooth.  I would recommend this company for anyone seeking a good and professional management company.
1	If you are EVER late with your rent, do NOT rent from this piece of shit company. I am NEVER late, and I just got a phone call from them saying that they haven't received received my rent. I sent it on either Friday the 31st or Saturday the 1st. Today is Thursday the 6th. It is across town and usually received in a day. They should have received it. But guess who has to go to the bank, pull out the rent PLUS TEN PERCENT, PLUS the $10/day fee, and drive it there in person when I WORK during the day?? It's EXTORTION. How do I know they didn't actually receive it and are screwing us out of money?? How is it that I have to pay TWO HUNDRED EXTRA DOLLARS because the post office is behind? DO NOT EVER, EVER, EVER RENT FROM THIS RIPOFF CORPORATION.
