1	Terrible service. Misleading sales. No Returns, even less than an hour later. While waiting for a table at a very good pizza place, I wandered into this store which contains mostly marked up "Home Goods" merchandise. Misleading sale signs led me to a table of lotions in all sizes with a sign stating 25% gift sets. I bought two bottles of lotion (egads- one was $20, the other $18.50) thinking they were 25% off. As I was being wrung up my party came in to say our table was ready next door, so I hurried out. Over dinner a few minutes later I looked at my receipt noticed no sale. After I ate I went back to return the lotion b/c I wouldn't have paid that much for what I got and the owners (two women working the register) said no. I ended up having to spend 45 dollars in the store on random things I didn't want just to not lose out on my money.
5	Sweet "antique" store with a large selection of reproduction Americana including high quality furniture, art, pottery, pewter, textiles, and candles.  Walking in feels like an 1800's American farm curated in the coziest of ways.  We've been frequenting this old town Glendale spot for over 10 years.The back half of this store has the antique portion which isn't too bad but I rarely find anything I'm in the market for.  This part comprises about 1/3 of the space.They do have a strict return policy (as in no) but the ladies working were sweet about setting our finds at the counter and giving me 10% off for checking in on yelp.
5	We were greeted as soon as we walked in, and each time a staff member saw us, we were asked if we were doing ok. When we asked to see something, they were very friendly about it, and they answered our questions. This store has a huge selection of collectibles and vintage furniture. Also, the back room is a candle shop, which holds tons of candles that smell absolutely delicious! In fact, they had one burning near the entrance, which made the whole store smell fantastic!We were very happy with our experience here and will definitely be back!
