4	None of you will ever eat at the Concorde Cafe, and that's a shame. Tucked into the bottom floor of the Concorde Commerce Center, the Concorde Cafe is one of the many cafes that exist solely to give office workers somewhere to eat. Most of these types of cafes are little more than cafeterias and they don't try to be any better. Heck, you have a captive audience, so why bother trying? The menu isn't amazing. It's your basic breakfast and lunch menu with sandwiches, soups and salads. What Concorde has that so many other places like this lack is a love of food. Deli products are all Boars' Head, the bread is fresh and local and so is the iced tea. Everything is made to order and it's made well. The turkey melt is exactly what you'd expect, perfectly executed. It's delicious and grilled to perfection. There are multiple daily specials. One is usually a discount on a normal menu item, the other is something unique, like a vegetarian quesadilla. Once again, this is no-frills food perfectly executed. I leave you with an example of the attitude of the staff. One morning, my employers sponsored a pancake breakfast. Having gotten my pancakes I wandered into Concorde to get a few sticks of bacon. As I was waiting for the bacon the cook came out to ask how the pancakes were. It turns out that had made the batter for them and was genuinely concerned that they were good. We talked about the batter for a good five minutes. I'm glad that I have a simple, wonderful place like this within walking distance.
3	I work at the Concord commerce building, which also houses this cafe, so needless to say, I've eaten here plenty of times. The place is clean, the service good and the food is OK, but unfortunately the options aren't very imaginative. And the specials nothing special really.For a regular customer it gets tiring fast.
1	Good food, decent prices, but the one thing that really sets this place apart from the rest. .. brownies... Fairytale brownie s have nothing on these guys. They dont always have them, but if you are lucky enough to be there on a day when they made them, you are in for a treat! Great staff too.Update. July 2014.  Food quality and quantity have gone downhill dramatically since they are now under new management.  Too pricey for poor quality everything! Napkins, to go containers, bread, eggs, bagels, all used to be higher quality. I work in the building, so it is convenient,  but thats just not enough to keep me coming back. New management is very nice, but I would skip this place if I were you.
1	I used to frequent this cafe because I work in the building. The food was good and the staff was very nice. It now has new owners. 8The old staff is gone. The quality and quantity of the food has diminished greatly for the same price. The owners ignore their customers and have their adult children working the cash register who are very nice. I don't eat here anymore.
5	My business trip to Phoenix brought me to this cafe. Staff was overly friendly and the product selection was amazing. I was impressed that they use boar heads meat in their deli sandwiches! Just wish I was there longer to take advantage of their daily specials which includes my favorite chicken teriyaki. Needless to say, I will continue to return to this establishment when my business takes me back to Phoenix.
5	It's hard to get out of the office for lunch so I usually order my food from here.  Bring it to my office and it is always quick and tastes great....... Thanks for keeping me fed
5	Visiting another state is an adventure for me because I always want to try the best food there. I recently went to eat lunch at Concord Cafe while visiting my friend's workplace. This is THE get-away lunch place for office employees. The staff here is incredibly friendly, always willing to help and food is very satisfying. Going to Concord would be a great way to turn off your brain from the constant office stress. It's a shame that the cafe is kind of hidden but if you find this cafe it will be the hidden treasure of your day. Go get a sandwich everyone!
