5	KUNV is a wonderful example of what culture Las Vegas endorses and embraces. You would never know such wonderful Jazz and (as they put it) Triple-A programming could exist in a place like Las Vegas, but I really like this staiton.The only straight-ahead jazz station in Las Vegas. Online listening and 91.5 on the FM dial. I wouldn't mind meeting Kim Linzy, Freddie Jackson and Ginger Bruner at Capo's on Sahara for drinks.... ;)
5	With Hawaiian, reggae, blues, world music, women's voices, KUNV is much more than jazz. The weekend programming is where it's at. Start listening around 10 AM on Saturdays and keep listening until late Sunday night. You will hear a new program about every 2-3 hours. It's really hard to pick favorites, but mine are Grass Shack, CQDX, and Latin Nights.KUNV's local hosts are knowledgeable volunteers who care about their genres. They actually talk about the songs and artists they play. I've listened every weekend for the past 6 years. During the weekdays they play pretty much jazz only. 91.5 is UNLV's radio station and it's available online at http://kunv.unlv.edu/streaming.htm
5	When I moved here from San Francisco, I was afraid I'd lose one of my favorite driving styles of music, Jazz.  I figured it'd all be dance and Jack Jones singing Luck Be A Lady -- which while I don't hate either, they just aren't the long takes of Bop that you can crave on a night's drive.  KUNV embraces that long, cool history of jazz and gives it to you at any weekday hour.  It's a college radio station you can hear from Jean, meaning you're never without it in the Valley.  NPR and College of Southern Nevada bring us a great gem which got me to finally open my pocketbook after being such a... college student.  My favorite non-talk station that I'm sure you'll enjoy too.
4	KUNV, the campus radio for UNLV, has been on the air for the last 30 years. During the week the station plays mostly jazz, which is great if that's your cup of tea. My husband and I love listening to 91.5 on Saturdays!! I love the variety we get to hear... starting with Hawaiian music courtesy of  The Little Grass Shack at 10 am,  Reggae Happenin's at 1 pm, Nothin' but the Blues at 4 pm and then the underground hip-hop show, Word Up Radio at 10 pm. The radio staff are all volunteers and you can tell how much they enjoy sharing their favorite genre of music with the people of Las Vegas.For a nice change of pace from the stuff other radio stations play, KUNV cannot be beat. Give them a listen and remember, if you like what you hear support the station by becoming a member so they can continue to operate!
4	Can't believe there's a Hawaii radio show in Vegas.  Apparently it's on Saturday 10-2.  Ran into it totally by accident.   Cool.  Funny I have to come to Vegas from LA to find a Hawaiian radio station.  Oh well, will try to stream it (as well as standard KCCN or KINE for Hawaiian music fix)
