2	The Guru Palace is a great place to take to impress a date, if your date is easily impressed by a $20.00, a rose on your table, and run of the mill Indian food.  My date, is generally not impressed by that kind of stuff, but most of the time we go dutch on the bill, and why pay $20.00 for food you can get cheaper somewhere else.It's an al a carte restaurant.  You want rice, bread, garnish, you'll have to buy it separately.  The food is tasty, but it's not head and shoulders above the other Indian restaurants in the Valley.  I suspect that a lot of what you pay for is the ambiance.  The place has great ambiance; I mean there is a single red rose on every table.  There's even a little side area where you can sit at what I assume is a low to the ground traditional Indian dining table with lots of pillows.
4	I went here on Sunday after I picked up my roommate from the airport. His flight was delayed so I was driving in circles with some serious hunger pangs. We decided to go get Indian food because we haven't had any since we moved here a couple of months ago. We had the Lamb Saag, Aloo Palak, and Garlic naan with complimentary papadum. Everything we ordered was great, esp. the Lamb Saag. So, now I'm on Yelp reading the review that Phil G has written, and I have to respectfully disagree. Although, this was the first time I had Indian food in the valley, it was super delicious. The only thing that prevents me from giving it a 5 star rating that it is a tad pricey and service left something to be desired in terms of friendliness (maybe its because I asked for tamarind sauce to go with the papadum since it only came with one (mint?) chutney and that was totally blasphemous out here, and they couldn't look at me the same way again... I was told the tamarind chutney didn't really go with the papadum, and they were totally right... it was super sweet and wasn't what I was used to ) On the other hand, my water was never empty and they have really cool lighting. Some points of disagreement are that they are NOT strictly an a la carte place. They have an all you can eat lunch buffet, which I imagine as being equally as yummy from 11-2:30 PM for $8.99 a head ($5.99 for the kiddies under 8). I completely plan on making a visit during lunch hours and stuffing my face on a day when I miss being home or being with my boy because we always go out to eat Indian food together.  (Ah, the life of a graduate student...) All in all, I think the food was totally worth it because its been days, and all I can do is think about going back and how yummy everything was.
5	I too disagree with Phil G -- a guy who is, apparently, no-frills and quite concerned with money (perhaps 'cheap' comes to mind).  While I agree it's not your typical very-inexpensive Indian food buffet, I do feel the extra couple of bucks is worth it for:a) consistently fresh, great quality foodb) a clean/stylish restaurantc) an Indian restaurant with a full barI've been to India -- and while I'd never claim this makes me any sort of food expert, I will say that while I was there I ate twice at a restaurant named Bukhara -- considered by many to be the greatest Indian restaurant in the world.  So, if nothing else, I have the luck of knowing what the best Indian cuisine tastes like (mind-blowing, by the way).  I've also recently eaten in an Indian restaurant in Tempe where I found a 2 inch long metal shaving in my food and the food tasted days old.  So, let's say I rank the place in Tempe a 3 out of 10 and I rank the place in Delhi a 10 out of 10.  Guru Palace ranks an 8.  Pretty damned good for Mesa, AZ -- or anywhere else for that matter.As for the friendliness....well, maybe they're not trying to be your best buddy from the day they meet you like they do at, for example, TGI Fridays.....but then, um, well.....they're from India -- a place where folks are much more reserved than Americans.  The people at the restaurant are quite pleasant -- calm and polite.  What more do you want from a server?Anyway, I highly encourage everyone to give Guru Palace a try.  They have an awesome lunch buffet and a great dinner menu, too.
3	Came here on the recommendation by a friend who had come during their lunch menu buffet.  We came at dinner time.Not a lot of people but this is likely due to their location which is located at a strip mall next to Trader Joe's and tucked behind a bank.The food was quite good.  Garlic Naan was hot and flavorful, Roti bread was good.  The rice was excellent but at 3 to 4 dollars a bowlful quite expensive a la carte.  Chicken Tikki Masala was very good.  Lamb was done very well.  All sauces were done excellently and had wonderful flavor.  Having eaten at other Indian places in Boston, Santa Monica, and Fremont Ca (the Bombay Palace).  I've had very authentic Indian food and this place rates highly.  The cons are that being Indian food tends be be labor intensive, the prices are quite high.  Service was attentive and excellent.  Decor was subdued and lighting was low and intimate.  I would have given 4 stars only if they had not priced so high on what would be staples (rice and Naan).
3	I've been scouring the Valley for a good Indian food place and was hoping that Guru Palace would/could be it.I was mistaken. It's not bad, it's not good. It's just kind of ... there. I'll eat there again if someone suggests it, but I won't go out of my way to offer it as a place for my friends and I to gather.I was there for the lunch time buffet that was priced at $8.99.  Not bad. My friend and I were offered naan and I was about to say yes when my friend asked if we would be charged extra for it - we weren't.They had chicken tikka masala and chicken korma out. The chicken tikka masala was ok, but nothing to write home about, as was the chicken korma. I decided to sample their palak paneer and found it was the best thing they had. I also tried their curried pakora...big mistake. I like pakora, but to combine it in a generic yellow curry sauce was a mistake. It just wasn't right. It didn't taste right either - neither to myself or my friend.As I said, the food was ok. I was impressed with the decor and the overall cleanliness of the restaurant.The servers were attentive and friendly. I swear, for every sip of water I took, someone was there topping off my glass. I like that.I'll give it a go again and see if they can change my rating...but I'll wait till a friend suggests we go.
4	Guru Palace has quickly become the favorite lunch spot of mine, and another coworker.While I wouldn't typically recommend an Indian lunch buffet - this place has a great one. It's like $8 and the selection is much wider than what is typically served at other buffets -- and the dishes changes from day-to-day so that's nice, too. Along with the ever-present chana masala and chicken tikka masala, there's usually several other veggie dishes, like pureed eggplant, or eggplant and potato... it's all quite good. There are always three desserts, too, and the chai is delicious.The highpoints, however, are the fresh garlic naan they bring (best in the Valley, IMO) and the very friendly waitstaff, who I think are the owners, too.
4	This little strip mall Indian restaurant gets a bonus point for being so beautiful inside.  Very contemporary with traditional flair.  It gets minus one point beacuse it was hot.  Was thA/C broken or was the food's spicey nature taking advantage of me?  It was slightly unpleasant but I will get over it.  The Guru Palace get's 3 solid stars on it's very friendly helpful service and it's wonderful food.  I have only dined here twice and it was consitantly good.This time from the $8.99 buffett I tried the Palaak Paneer which is excellent. I of course had a piece of the Tandoori Chicken (thigh piece, I think.  I have a thing for meat on the bone-don't care for it.  That's  why I prefer Chicken Tikka.)  It was good but not as good as the Chicken Marsala.  Pungent and very flavorful. The rice was a differnt form today-not basmati which I prefer.  There was a new dish I did not recognize called Mushroom Matar (?).  It was delicious with bits of onion and peas in a tangy light gravy of sort.  I also enjoy the garlic naan.  No papdum was offerred this time.  I did enjoy a split of champagne which compliments the delightful spicey flavors without filling you up.I was so warm from the lack of a/c and hot spicy achaar chutney (my favorite) that I was melting like the wicked witch at my table. The service was very friendly and I don't know how anyone could call this expensive.  I thought it was downright cheap!  $3.99 for champagne plus two full plates of great food.  It is a great place to stop in for reliable food, kind staff and beutiful dining room.
4	We all piled in the car and headed to Mesa for some Indian food. For whatever reason we've all been dying for some Indian food this past week.. dreaming of naan bread, Id been waking up with a puddle on my tummy.. it was time to fulfill my dreams and desires.. all you can eat style!!The garlic naan here is simply amazing and they bring basket after basket.. the buffet items were all freshly prepared and delicious. The group favorite was the chicken masala.. super tender white meat chicken in a creamy yogurt sauce. From the lentils to the chick peas, every thing we tried was super great! Okay except for.. the tandoori chicken.. dry as a pop corn fart. I hope I'm not alone in my naan bread dreams.. they seemed so real!
4	Sad to see all the hating; up until Guru Palace popped up, we were driving out to Bell for our tasty Indian fix.Guru Palace gets major points for being so gorgeous inside, and for the low-down Indian seating.  Even though it's a la carte, you can share pretty much anything.  I've been here on dates for less than $50 and a full full belly.The brilliance of Guru Palace, however, is the $9 buffet with unlimited chai tea, and as much goodness as you can manage.  I think Guru Palace makes a good place for a date, but hell, on a Sunday afternoon when you've got the cravings for naan and paneer?  Guru is where it's at.
5	Let me preface this by saying I'm Indian and regularly dine at Indian restaurants in the valley so if you are someone like me who is interested in reading something other than "Their buffet was a great deal... " , then read on.  Wait, while I'm at it, people, please don't view Indian restaurants like Chinese buffets. It's not about how much you can pile on your plate. In fact, Indian Restaurants put out their worst food at buffets because they know the mainstream only care about piling on bad food as long as its cheap. For the rest of us who care about quality, this review is for you. I think you will be impressed with this restaurant. If you are Indian and you have lived in Phoenix, you know the Phoenix metro lacks quality Indian restaurants and you settle on the ones they have. That being said, this is truly a normal Indian restaurant that you are used to from back home (NY, Chicago, LA, SF, Boston, Dallas, Houston etc.)  First, the restaurant was clean and open. It had vaulted ceilings and plenty of space so it wasn't claustrophobic inside.  The ambience was nice yet not stuffy.  It was trendy enough but not overly cliche with cheesy gold and brass everywhere.  The service was great and timely.  The waiters were Indians who were American raised so they could speak English. Most of the Indian restaurants in the valley hire Hispanics or Indians who don't speak English well so that was a plus. It's location is a plus. Although technically the restaurant is in Mesa, think Gilbert because the restaurant is basically at the intersection at Gilbert and Baseline right at the border of Gilbert and Mesa so it's in a nice area that is safe. The Food: This is a true Punjabi owned and operated restaurant so their north Indian dishes are the real thing. Their chicken tikka masala had a nice smooth and consistent texture that was not grainy or overly creamy. The meat was succulent and not overcooked.  The naan was great and it's hard to criticize it but honestly, I've had better naan at other restaurants. Their naan was a little doughy but at least it was large and not some cheap small portion (India Palace).  The palak paneer is honestly the best in the city.  It wasn't soupy/liquidy in consistency like most of the restaurants.  It had flavor and was cooked perfectly.  Palak Paneer is a tough dish to make and most of the Phoenix restaurants mess it up by making this cream of spinach soup rather than a proper sabji.  Their malai kofta was their only real flaw of the evening as the kofta balls were not properly fried nor did they maintain their shape.  It was more or less just a curry. It was improperly cooked. This is the best Indian restaurant in the valley.  Royal Taj in Tempe is a close second but this is the best
4	2 words...GARLIC NAN!Enough said!  The wife and I went for lunch...buffet was good.  Had a lot of stuff for her too.  Garlic Nan was made fresh and it was YUMMY!
4	The entire time I was here I kept thinking back to the scene in The Namesake where the family is eating together during the father's funeral.  Morbid I know, but when I watched the film, all I wanted was some good Indian food and living in Chandler these days, I knew that was going to be difficult to come by.  At least until I found Guru Palace that is.The bhindi (okra) was perfect.  Crispy, not soggy.  All of the sauces were of the non-oily Indian variety (a serious plus) and my wife moaned a few times while swirling her garlic nan/chicken tikka masala burrito (her invention) around in her mouth.  Damn chicken tikka masala and its power over the one woman in my life!The only sad part of the experience was not seeing gajar halva (carrot pudding) on the menu.  GP starts making that and its deliciousness matches the rest of the food and five stars will be imminent.
4	4.5 stars.  5 stars is PERFECT and I've yet to eat anywhere that makes me dream of it constantly :-).But for Indian food on the east valley, this is really, really good.  The staff is friendly and authentic.  The lunch buffet is plentiful with your favorites of Tikka Masala, curry, pakora, palak paneer, naan, rice, etc.  All really, really good stuff -- and for all-you-can-eat, the price is absolutely right!Also a good place for dinner with friends.  The dinner portions for friend sharing are a bit small (i.e., if you are in a group of 8 and everyone wants tikka masala -- you may want to order 3).  That's my only complaint though and they don't advertise to be family style anyway.It's really good and if you live in the east valley and like Indian food, check it out!
4	After reading all the positive reviews I decided to try out the buffet on Sunday afternoon.  My husband and I loved everything! The quality was spectacular and everything was super fresh.  The buffet offers  deliciously seasoned basmati rice (my favorite in Phoenix), chicken curry, chicken masala, pakora, palak paneer, goat curry, salad, fruit, tandoori chicken, chai tea, and regular or garlic naan.  There were a few other items, but I don't remember what they were called.  We ordered the garlic naan and it was to die for. It was perfectly grilled and had just the right amount of garlic brushed on it.  For only $8.99 it was one hell of a bargain. The atmosphere is also very nice with beautiful paintings and decorative fixtures. They also play soothing music.  We knew the place was going to be good when half of the patrons were Inidan. I highly recommend this restaurant to anyone on the east valley. We will definitely return on the weekends for the buffet!
1	After visting this place it is clear that all the reviews you see above are FAKE!!Read the reviews closely and you will see that the construction and grammer of the sentences are all the same. Infact you can go to the website of gurupalace and you will see that a full page is devoted to giving the links of these reviews!!I i know exactly what GOOD INDIAN FOOD is all about and this place is no where near even AVERAGE. You get dozens of places of this class in and around Arizona. The garlic naan which is described in every review is absolute nonsense. You cannot even get a whiff of garlic. And some of them are like PAPADS! The malai kofta was extremely irregular. While the first serving I had was bland, the next serving was very salty.The price is qouted at 8.99 and this is nothing great or no big deal. Every indian buffet in Arizona will cost you the same. And there was no masala chai as they advertise!!The waitresses are extremely useless and there were times they would just throw up. And to top it all, they make you pay the bill by asking you to walk up to the counter !! Again there is nothing so authentic of the look and feel of the place. Just plain .I could also see some non Indians making a point to the owners that the food was not authentic indian fare but the owner was adamant that his food was equisite!!Anyway who wants to argue?Just avoid this place.The table was also not cleared regularly and there were not enough plates also.On top of all this, people like me and you get fooled by the great reviews posted on this site and there is always a mad rush here but I can assure you that all those people who form the rush at this place are first timers like me who will never return again.
4	Simply the best indian food in the Phoenix area.  I know the difference between the good and the mediocre when it comes to indian food having grown up on it so trust me when I say this is the good stuff.  Guru delivers the goods when it comes to spicy traditional dishes served in a cozy modern indian themed setting.  Don't expect amazing service, come for the food and you'll be happy.  My favorites are the Chili Chicken as a starter and anything cooked on in the tandoori oven for the main course.
4	I have always enjoyed Indian food and it can be tough to get something good in AZ.  There is a lot of average stuff but Guru Palace is excellent.  They have a small floor seating section for those that want to get the full experience.  We did that once but we were so full after I had to roll out of the place.  The wait staff is always friendly and someone always stops by to check on how everything tastes and the spice level.  They have a nice selection of Indian beers.  They come in handy when you order it spicy.  The vegetarian, tandoori and non-vegetarian dinners are a great option if you want variety.   Their tandoori is surprisingly moist and is very tasty.  Lately we have just started trying different things on the menu and haven't been disappointed with anything but I will list a few of my favorites.  The Chili Chicken appetizer is awesome, trust me on that.  It is spicey and sweet (which isn't usually my favorite) but the balance is perfect.  Anything spinach is great for veg dishes as well as the lentils, eggplant, and potatoes.  We (1 male - 1 female)  usually get one appetizer, naan, 2 entrees, rice, and a few beers.  There is always leftovers.We usually go midweek or on a Sunday but chose to go on Friday.  The place was very busy and there were 3 large parties of what I presume were Indian folks.  That is always a good sign when searching good ethnic food.It seems the only poor reviews are from buffet goers.  If you go looking for cheap food and lots of it, the leftovers from the day before probably won't be as good as ordering it fresh at night.  Expect that, it is a buffet! But if you are looking for good food and aren't trying to shovel in the most calories try out dinner and you shouldn't be disappointed.  Nobody judges a place based on the buffet.  That is like complaining about the day-old bagels being too hard.
4	It's been a couple of weeks now since my bf and I went to Guru Palace but the experience is memorable so it's easy to review now.Everything we ordered was delicious.  I ordered the Chicken Korma, my bf ordered the Tandoori Mixed Grill.  We also tried the Palak Paneer.  And naturally ordered some rice and garlic naan to go along with it all.I loved the Chicken Korma.  Tender pieces of chicken in that heavenly sauce.  Scooping it up with the garlic naan is the best.  The flavor of the Mixed Grill was scrumptious.  The lamb was a little tough, thus the reason I'm only giving Guru Palace four stars.  If I had to go by flavor alone, they would absolutely get a five!The Palak Paneer was just the right mix of creamy spinach and cheese.  We ordered everything mild and the staff checked back a couple of times to make sure the spice level was good for us.  It was great, in fact I'd say next time we might be willing to go up to medium.  Having ordered so much there was plenty to take home and our server boxed everything up for us so we didn't have to do it.  When my bf ordered a Heineken, the server very astutely steered him to an Indian beer.  It was perfect with the food.Thanks, Guru Palace!  We'll definitely be back.
5	Whenever I have a head cold I run out for Indian food.  It opens up the sinuses and is very comforting.  I stumbled across the Guru Palace after a hair appointment and was delighted.  Great atmosphere, polite, and friendly staff, and excellent food.  I ordered the Chicken Vindaloo, the Vegetable Biryani, and the Bengan Bhartha, all to go.  It was all I ate for the next three days.  It was yummy, with the perfect amount of spice and texture that I was craving.  The manager (owner?) was helpful in suggesting dishes which would suit my tastes and needs and made me feel very comfortable during my wait.  I highly recommend Guru Palace for take out or eating at the restaurant.
3	With a $2 discount currently advertised for Yelpers, I decided to move this place up to the top of my "Buffets to Visit" list & drop in today.  Let's get the negatives out of the way first:*  Music was playing too loudly, at full listening volume.*  The daytime lighting wasn't right.  It was a little dark where I was sitting, & glary bright at certain other tables.  For the place to be comfortable in the daytime, they should even it up.*  There were no booths, & all the tables were large, & set for four.  If it has to be a table, I wish it were a smaller one.  The few other diners there with me were ones & twos also, sitting in a forest of empty place settings.Now the good news:*  This is a mid-sized place with stylish decor.*  The table service was excellent, & started with me being offered the opportunity to choose between two nann breads, plain or garlic.  I went for the garlic flavored, & it was delicious!*  There were 19 trays of food out (generous for an Indian buffet), & everything was displayed in a clean, properly set up serving line.  The tableware was fancy & the china was all shiny clean, as was the whole place.*  The food was hearty, not soupy, except the lentil soup, which is supposed to be.  They don't try to fill you up on water here!*  There's enough MEAT!  (Don't get me started!)*  All the food was delicious!  (That's ONE thing, isn't it?)Lunch Buffet, including hot Indian-style tea:  $8.99  Yelpie Special (right now anyway) $6.99.
4	It's slipped a notch! A little disappointed this time. The Tandoori chicken was disappointing but better than most places in Phoenix. They served it sizzling but there were only 4 pieces of chicken which is small. Most Tandoori chicken serves 6-8 pieces and the pieces are generally bigger; I've eaten at many Indian restaurants all over the country and that is fairly standard for a good Indian restaurant but for whatever reason, NONE of the Indian restaurants in Phoenix can manage to produce the type of quality Tandoori chicken that you get in NY, Boston, Dallas, Houston etc. The chicken wasn't marinated either so the meat wasn't as flavorful. The Tandoori chicken at Taj Mahal is better and more flavorful. The service was also a little lackluster. It depends on who you get as your server. The female servers are really nice but one of the gentleman who waits tables is not that friendly and he essentially forgot about us.Furthermore, the Chicken Vindaloo claims it has pieces of white mean on the menu but it was all dark meat chicken which is a little careless and cheap on behalf the restaurant. I've also been served the wrong curry in the past and had to argue my case (it was obvious, you can't mistake chicken tikka masala for another curry)At this point, I would have to say Taj Mahal is the best Indian restaurant in the city. Their service is better and the so is their food but Guru palace is still excellent and the second or third best restaurant but was disappointed.
3	I came with my foodie friends for the lunch buffet. I tried just about everything and ended up eating far more than I should have.Most dishes were mildly flavored; I prefer more "kick" to my curry, and was slightly disappointed. My favorites were the creamed spinach and cauliflower and potato curry; they offered the best combination of flavor and texture. The spinach had chunks of soft cheese, adding just the right balance of flavor and texture to the dish. The service is friendly and efficient. I'll come back; it's a great value for lunch and the food is good. I recommend it.
5	Nothing about Guru Palace is simply average. From the interior of the restaurant to the food itself, it is one of the most memorable places to go with family, friends, coworkers or whoever else you may have in mind. Also, this establishment is considerate of budgets. Most of the food is between five and ten dollars, though some dishes, while still cheap, border on twelve. No matter the price, you will leave with satisfied taste buds and a full tummy! Nothing can surpass a hearty, traditionally prepared Indian meal, and this is exactly what Guru Palace delivers. Being Indian, I know good Indian food when I taste it.To start, I first order the Mango Lassi. It's sort of an Indian smoothie. It's smooth in texture and has a sweet taste. Then, it's time to tackle the buffet! It's definitely Guru Palace's prime. One can go for brunch, stack their plate up as high as possible, and not be hungry for the rest of the day. I always get medium-sized servings of chicken masala, white rice and raita. Then, you can have either naan or garlic naan brought to the table. Trust me when I say that the first as well as the last bite of food is like an explosion of spices and flavors on your palate. The meal is completely amazing and I, personally, always leave with a smile on my face.Additionally, the staff members are very helpful and are happy to make your visit a comfortable one. Nothing about the visit took too long or grew tiring. There was no wait to be seated and even the music being played in the background exuded serenity. One can easily come here after a busy day at the office and release stress while enjoying an awesome meal. Overall, Guru Palace is a classy, comfortable, awesome place to eat that I will be revisiting very soon!!! :)
4	Having frequented the owners (or owners family) other establishment (Indian Delhi Palace), I was super excited when this placed opened (a while back, but just getting around to a review) as it's a mile from my house.In my opinion, nothing is better hangover/post drinking food than an Indian Buffet.  The heavy food sops up all the previous nights sins and leaves you satisfactorily sleepy and ready for a nap to get you ready for that nights activities.Being Indian, the quality of food really does matter to me...not just the hangover cure aspects of it.  This place is solid.  I consider the Indian Dehli Palace the best in the valley, and this place comes in a close second.  Chicken Tikka Masala and the Chana Masala (my two faves) are perfect.  I do prefer my food to be a little more spicy but I understand they're trying to cater to all palates, so adding some of the spicy chutneys they offer does the trick just fine.  Speaking of the chutney, they offer a nice assortment of accoutrements with the buffet.  We have been here a couple of times for dinner and have enjoyed pretty much everything we ordered off the menu...my parents are vegetarian and all the veggie dishes are awesome.  The ONLY thing I think could be a little better is the naan.  It's good, but Indian Dehli Palace has it beat in that respect.  Everything else is similar in flavor.The atmosphere is the best I've witnessed in an AZ Indian restaurant.  Nicely decorated and they even have special tables where you can sit on the floor ''Indian'' style.  Pretty fun for a date.The service can be a little slow when they are moderately full, but that's only an issue when you're there for dinner.  Doesn't really matter for the buffet.All in all, always a great experience here.
4	The Guru Pitka woud eat at this Guru Palace.  They have an excellent Lunch buffett with choice of plain or garlic nan.  Good service.  Family owned.  Very Authentic.  Make sure you check the New Times for Coupons.  I think it's normally 8.99 but with coupon it's 5.99/pp.  Try a taste of everything.  Bring your friends for something different for lunch.  You can only eat so many burgers and fries.  Food was Hot.  Good quality.  Restaurant was clean.  Attentive service.  I highly reccomend.
4	My husband and i are adventerous eaters and wanted to try something new.  We were  first in the door at lunch and  quickly seated by a very nice male server whose name escapes me. He made recommendations for our meal as well as a great Indian beer. Food was incredible. I only wish i had a larger stomach to try more. i'm definately going back  for the buffett.
1	Simply aweful!  The place had bugs.  Their food made me sick!
4	Guru Palace has so many highlights that it's hard to pick just a few.The lunchtime buffet provides the opportunity to mix dishes, and I'm a huge fan of both their Palak Paneer and Daal, so a lunch trip is always my first choice (even though lunchtime wait service is on the slower side).Their dinner menu is fairly basic, but I've never had a dish that I disliked.  And while I prefer the veg dishes the most, the Lamb Vindaloo is also very very good.
4	Not on my student budget, but you can find a discount coupon on News Times. I did enjoy the Chicken saag that I had. It works better for groups, as that way you can try different things. I was able to try some other chicken preparations and lamb, which tasted good. Anyway, next time I'll have to talk with my Indian friends :).Good service and friendly people!
5	Wow!  So impressed!  Just happened to try the buffet since I was in the neighborhood, and I think it's the best indian buffet I've ever had!  Everything was fresh and tasty, I can't remember having better garlic naan, and the chai was fabulous.  (Not cheap and watered down like a lot of places.)Go go go to the buffet and enjoy!  All for $8.99 are you kidding me?
3	This is me... This is me NOT on drugs... This is me saying that Guru Palace is just okay.It's my fault though. This happens when I'm expecting way too much from a restaurant. Guru Palace has been on my list for some time now, but after they won Best of Phoenix, I had to try them immediately... so I made my way over there to enjoy a weekend lunch.The restaurant is pretty gorgeous inside, mixing traditional art with and industrial and contemporary feel; that made me really happy. Everything was very clean and there was a lot of open space; again, I was very happy. The food was what started the decline of that happiness though. Some of the food was very good, like the Tikka Marsala - it definitely rivals India Oven's recipe and their garlic naan was excellent. But some of the food was seriously meh to me. I had some of the goat and it was extremely fatty (and I've eaten plenty of goat, I'm Middle Eastern), the mint sauce had absolutely no kick and the chicken curry (even though it had bones in it) didn't have that rich flavor that I associate with a great chicken curry. My hope is that I missed the dishes that earned this place the Best of Phoenix award, and I look forward to eventually making it back here some day to try those dishes. *Feel free to message me you know what I should try.*
4	Had the buffet today and it was quite good. The curry was a bit mild but then it IS a buffet. The server assured me that the curry from the menu is available in differing heat levels and the proceeded to bring me a small copper pot fill with freshly made chili paste. That did the trick!It is on a par with other Indian buffets in town but some of the offerings were standouts, the goat masala amoung them. The Naan was very good, toothful and with lots of garlic.Service was pleasent, despite what some reviewers have said, and we were never wanting for anything. And not a single television to be seen! (This last is a major plus in my book.)Overall I think you'll find the buffet at Guru Palace very enjoyable and you will be back again and again.
2	I was disappointed, the food is just too bland!My husband and I ordered a variety of food to get an idea of there food spectrum: Garlic Chicken Kabob, Lamb Vindaloo, Palak Paneer, Garlic Naan, Gulab Jamun, and Rass Malai.The only positives I saw was that the meat was cooked well...that's it! The sauces for each dish lacked flavor and spice. My husband even requested Indian spicy and it wasn't even spicy...it tasted like a mild. The Garlic Naan was decent.At this point we were going to give it a 3...barely! Then the desserts came...The gulab jamun was firm and frozen and it seemed like they added extra butter/ghee to the syrup. The Rass Malai was too thick and creamy, it seemly like it was soaked in heavy cream, which messed up the texture of the paneer. And after we saw the bill, their score plummeted to 2. It was not worth it. So many of my classmates have gushed about how great the food is, but I realized, they probably dont know any better. I grew up near Little India around LA where good Indian food was no hard to find, so I could just be spoiled.
4	Naan.  You better nail it if you're an Indian food establishment and this place did.  They also nailed the Chicken Tikki Masala.  I'm a fan of this place and it's by total accident I ended up here.  I would normally write more but it's 5 in the morning and I'm drinking.  Anywho, worth going to if you stumble across it like I did.
1	$60+Tip for some of the most mediocre Indian food I have ever put in my face.  I was initially going to give this place a two star rating but the longer I thought about it (and the better, cheaper food I had elsewhere: six bucks at Mike's Big Breakfast comes to mind as does the $20 we spent at Joe's Farm Grill) the more pissed off I became. At Joe's Farm Grill we ate food that provided about triple the amount of pleasure for a third of the cost and we got to do it in a very pretty part of Chandler. Sheetal R. Already gave an excellent rundown of what we ate and what was good and what meh so I won't repeat that here. The food here is not terrible but the cost is so disproportionate to the quality of the food that I cannot in good conscience recommend it to anyone. $60 for two people should buy you FANTASTIC food not barely mediocre food.
4	I've only been for the lunchtime buffet, but I really enjoy it. They don't have a huge number of dishes, but the ones they do have are very good. The chicken tikka masala is the best I've had anywhere, hands down. I could drink the sauce in a cup, I tell you.The other dishes are fairly basic, but well prepared. It bothers me a little bit that they ask you if you want plain or garlic "bread" instead of naan. The all-you-can-drink chai tea is a nice plus.
2	I have come to Guru Palace a couple times for lunch/brunch.  I think the food may be good for people who do not like much spices, but the buffet is very bland.  I have had friends who have tried the food for dinner, and they don't have much better results.  The one positive in the meal is the garlic naan.  If I can order that and cook my own curry or get it from another Indian establishment, that would be the ideal situation.
2	Wow, what a disappointment. I feel bad for those of you that rate this place highly, you really need to try some good Indian. I didn't think it was possible to have bland Indian food but boy did this place prove me wrong. I stopped in for the lunch buffet based on a foursquare tip that the place was voted Best Indian in the New Times. I'm not sure who was doing the voting or the tallying, but I have to think it was a big mistake... or it was fixed. I tried a couple of bites of almost everything on the lunch buffet, 4 or 5 different veggie options (I tried every veggie option they had) and 2 different chicken dishes (Tika Masala and Curry). All dishes except 1 (one of the veggie options, I don't remember which) was bland and needed salt. Mind you, I've NEVER once before used salt at an Indian restaurant. Here, everything needed it. The only saving grace for this place was the garlic naan and the desserts - the minced carrots with sugar and cheese was tasty and different. The service was less than mediocre - had to ask for my drink twice and the bill twice. Safe to say that I will NOT be returning.
3	I can't recommend the buffet, but I have had many dinners here, and it is usually pretty good.  Really, my first disappointing experience was my last visit (otherwise I might have given 4 stars overall).  The Malai Kofta (vege-balls) fell apart and ended up blending into the thick sauce.  I still enjoyed the dish, but I was disappointed.  I tried the Chicken Vindaloo for the first time, and it was done well, but I thought the dark meat chicken was kind of 'too dark'.  I had the Chicken Achari on a previous visit, and have to say the flavors were more complex.  I liked it more than the Vindaloo.  Garlic Naan is always a winner here.
2	The lunch buffet is a little over priced for me... Both times I went the food items I wanted were either gone or nearly so and not replaced while I was there. As for the food there is much better fare to be had even buffet (and I hear the by the order rather than the buffet is better). Overall a slight disappointment.
5	I have been going to the Guru Palace for years! It will always be one of my favorites! You have to go to know for yourself whether its the way you like it or not!
5	Love this place. The lunch buffet is ok. It's not spicy and there isn't much selection. Order from the menu instead. Guru palace has GREAT Indian food and good service. I have gone to dozens of Indian food places across Arizona and have been disappointed with most of them if not outraged with what they called Indian food.  I don't know why there are people out there who rated this place so low clearly they do not know indian food (I grew up on Indian food) or  are crazy not to trust the experts who gave this place MULTIPLE AWARDS for best Indian food in AZ. And if that doesn't convince you of the quality of the food here, just look around to see who the regulars are.
4	Yes, they are a tad on the pricey side, and they do seem to be hit and miss, judging by the reviews, but for me, last night it was all hit: Samosas  not quite flaky enough but very tasty; superb mushroom mattar cooked to perfection; and garlic naan bread that was oh so fresh, warm, and delicious. I only had to wait 10 mins. for a to-go order, and I sat at their bar, which was a good place to chill in itself. I'd been in once before w/ my g/f about 2 yrs. ago, and I would have given it 3 stars then, plus maybe a bonus half star for the atmosphere. Very dark, woodsy and well decorated. A nice spot to bring a date or grab scrumptious Indian cuisine to go (on one of their good days)!
4	The curry, chicken , shrimp and lamb were very good.The tikka masala is very good as the guy recommended. Have not tried the buffet, but the dinner menu is quite good. You can choose from mild to hot., we chose mostly mild and it was good for me. My visitors from California also liked it very much and said it is better than all the Indian they tried in South and Northern Cal.They have discount coupons , take advantage of them.
5	Great Indian food! I always get hot, fresh food that hits the spot, every time. Love this place. Go & try the Chicken Tikka, not Tikka Masala, just the Tikka, with rice & garlic naan - I promise you'll go back again, and again, and again.
5	Guru Palace is our favorite Indian restaurant, equal to or better than most Indian restaurants in New York City and London. This advice is from a former New Yorker who grew up in an Indian neighborhood. And we routinely cook Indian food at home! The food and service is consistently excellent. We regularly order the vindaloo, achari, saag, and mixed grill dishes. It's totally worth it. Someone mentioned the tikka masala and that too is consistently perfect.The decor in the restaurant is lovely but we believe the restaurant could draw larger crowds with better lighting. Prices match the quality of the cuisine, so it's worth it.
1	Need a new Management !!!! ...understaffed, chicken tikka have no flavor.... they cut down on the Buffet  menu items.... had to ask for water ...one waitress for the whole place ...this place is not the same .....
4	Awesome if you're a fan of Indian and Indonesian food. The place itself is highly atmospheric and the staff is very friendly.If you can handle spicy, try the Chicken Saag. It rocks!
3	I would have given 4 stars except for one thing....poor service.  The food here is excellent, full of flavor that pops and stimulates your senses, however they need improve the quality of service.  The waitresses are consistently busy but pay more attention to everything other than the customer.  We sat and watched 3 ladies walking around cleaning tables, folding napkins, preparing appetizers, etc...etc for 20 min. before they asked if we needed anything else.  The only reason is because my wife had to flag them down waving her hands just to get more water.  There were no lines of people waiting so why the urgency to clean and do prep work instead of taking care of the current customers there?  To make is worse an Indian couple and their son came in  (sat next to us) and got an order of naan, drinks and special requested sauce immediately.  Definitely felt discriminated.  The guy even turned around to me with a cocky smirk on his face as to say...i deserve better service than you because i'm Indian..hah!!!  Another thing to add, i ordered the Chicken Tikka Masala with 5 star heat.  When it finally came it was zero heat.  I had it sent back and it was about 2 star heat.  It is such a shame because i really really want to go back but i think it's time to try someplace else
3	came with a party of 7... place wasn't busy, but there was a sort of long wait for food. Decent portions, but a bit oily.  the flavors were good, but i think they used garlic granules on the garlic naan (bummer).  the okra had some woody bits and i think it was from frozen... not a dealbreaker, as i personally find dealing with fresh okra to be a bitch.  pretty good, but not quite as good as taste of India in Seattle.
4	I was craving something ethnic so my friend and I tried this place out for lunch.  Lot's of choices on the buffet, more than the typical Indian buffet, plus three kinds of desserts, mango lassi and garlic naan.  All this for only $8.95.  We will be back without a doubt.
4	Good food, delicious ingredients, loved the mushroom curry & the rice.  Definitely worth a visit.
5	We dined on a Monday night with friends, and were really pleased with everything.  Staff is friendly, the atmosphere was simply wonderful.  And then there was the outstanding food!  We loved every dish we had and kept sharing with each other.  Chicken Korma, Murgh Makhani, Chicken Tikka Masala, and Shrimp Achari, and of course, Garlic Naan.  SO, so good!!  We will definitely be back.
4	The buffet was plentiful and delicious. They even had soup with a dressing that you could add. The garlic nan was good as well. The owner welcomed us into the restaurant and checked up on us 3 times. I thought that was great. I know I'll be back.it was $8.99 a person without anything to drink other than water.The buffet also included different tropical fruits like watermelon, oranges, and a kind of rice pudding with nut flavor on it. ALSO don't miss the free yougurt mango drink that you get at the buffet. It was quite refreshing.
4	Very good food and service.
1	Cold and Dry food on a buffet. Really people? C'mon.
5	I bought a Groupon for Guru Palace a few weeks ago and just used it this evening, boy am I glad that I did!  The food was delicious, the service was quick and efficient AND really friendly, and did I mention that the food was delicious?First thing is first, the food was incredible.  My companion and I ordered the Samosa appetizer, Garlic Naan, Lamb Korma, and Chicken Tikka Masala.  I also had an Indian Tea (Chai) which was perfectly spiced.  The Samosa was amazing, the filling was moist and flavorful and the crust was delicate and flaky.  There was just the slightest hint of sweetness to the filling that really perfected the dish.  The Garlic Naan is the best that I've ever had!  I think I could happily make a meal of just the Garlic Naan and not regret it. The Lamb Korma was also amazing, the lamb was tender and flavorful and the sauce was rich and thick.  The Chicken Tikka Masala (a staple in my life) was to die for!  The chicken was super tender and swimming in amazing, thick, rich sauce.  The spice level was perfect in all the dishes- the server asked us on a scale of 1-10 how spicy we wanted our dishes and we ordered a 7.  I can honestly find no fault with any of the dishes I sampled!The service is really great as well.  I was meeting my companion at the restaurant and I was the first to arrive; the staff greeted me promptly and made sure that I was comfortable while I waited.  As soon as my dinner companion arrived, we were seated and served water and complimentary Papadum with a delicious chutney.  I really liked our server (and all the other staff members that spoke to us), he was efficient and friendly, and happily recommended his favorite Samosa variety when we expressed interest.  During our meal, three different people (one being the owner I believe) stopped by to make sure that everything was good and that we were pleased with our meal and service.  I appreciated the attention, which felt genuine and was not at all bothersome. The atmosphere in the restaurant was also wonderful.  It is not a large place, but the tables are all well spaced, and the entire place is impeccably decorated.  There is a lot of art on the walls, ambient lighting, soft music, and well dressed staff.  Though it is still a casual restaurant, it's also nice enough to feel really good about taking a date there. I really enjoyed my meal and service at Guru Palace and I will definitely be returning soon!
4	= = = = = =  WEEKDAY LUNCH BUFFET!  = = = = = =Wow, with so many good Indian restaurants in the Valley, it took almost 3 years to circle back around to this one, but I finally got back here for lunch today, joined by Mike C.There were still a few little negatives:*  There is still some daytime light glare coming in from outside as there was last time, but one of the two offending windows was well shaded this time, so things were better.*  Almost all of the tables are still set for four or more diners, with no booths available.  (I did spot one lonely table for two, but it was poorly placed, in my opinion.)*  There were only little dinky bowls available.  They were suitable for small servings of the soupy vegetable dishes such as Chana Masala (chick peas), Palak Paneer (cooked spinach) & so on, but too small for real soups such as Daal.  I had to use a tea mug to get a reasonable serving of it.Ok, on to the positives:*  The Indian music played at reasonable volume this time.*  The food is still delicious here!  (That's one thing, isn't it?)     :-)*  The price included their TERRIFIC Mango Juice, as well as tasty hot Indian Tea!     :-))*  The Buffet selection is good here for an Indian Buffet at 25 items, not counting sauces & dressings.The dishes consisted of familiar Indian recipes such as Chicken Tikki Masala, Tandoori Chicken, Goat Masala, tasty Naan Bread in your choice of plain or garlic, & so on.  Spicing was moderate.Our table service was fine, & at a very reasonable $8.99 they're putting up an excellent Indian Buffet here, which earned nearly 5 Stars this time!     :-))
5	Guru Palace is simply fantastic.  We have eaten there in the evenings, both as a couple on date night and as a family.  The best word for the atmosphere is inviting:  it is a relaxing, pleasant, warm place to eat.  It is a soothing place to sit after a stressful day.  However,  the decor is also wonderfully filled with murals in warm colors that let our little girls pretend they are in a palace.  The food is addicting it is so delicious.  I am absolutely stuck on the Chicken Khorma and Lamb Saag and can't get past them.  The staff is very helpful with recommendations.  I do not handle spicy-hot well (very wimpy), so we order our food mild to share and they bring my husband a separate bowl of spice so he can heat his up.Highly recommend Guru Palace.
4	Very good ambience. You have to option of sitting down on mats (no chairs) in traditional Indian style if you like it. The food was pretty tasty too.
4	We found this place here on Yelp. It was date night and my hubby is a recent vegetarian. I wanted to take him somewhere he had choices. It was excellent! I had chicken tikka masala that I loved. The garlic naan is a must! We will definitely be back.
5	Used yelp! deal and took myself out, after hearing great things. All true. Service, atmosphere, and (most importantly) the food were amazing! Mixed grill, garlic naan, and raita ftw!
5	I was always not willing to try new foods and then my wife talked me into trying indian food. Guru Palace is the best in the east valley that we have eaten at. Great service and great food.
3	its nice place. i love their chicken biryani.
4	After another Indian place in the area closed down several months ago, this has become our go-to place for dates.  We've not tested the menu extensively, but the chicken dishes we've tried (tikka masala, chicken tikka, and tandoori chicken) have all been delicious, though the serving size on the tikka masala always seems a bit on the small side given the price and how much chicken is included with other dishes.  We've always found the service to be decent, though not stellar, and the staff friendly and helpful.  The ambiance is also just average, but the food keeps us going back.  It is not a 5-star place, but I have no problems giving it 4 stars and recommending it others.
5	I havta say this is one of the better Indian Places I have been to in PHX. I like this place, right after say, the recently opened India Grill and maybe even better than Tandoori Times, Scottsdale. Sadly, we couldnt sit on the floor seating as it was already occupied by someone else ( need to go back to sit on it). We sat on a table which actually had a real candle, and the lighting is actually romantic (I cant believe I am saying this about an Indian Place in PHX). I am not sure if people understand the differences between Indian foods, but here is a small primer. This place is an out-n-out North Indian Food place, more specifically they specialize in Punjabi Style food. And don't let anyone else make you believe that there is any other style of Indian food that is tastier and creamier than Punjabi Food and this is hands down the best Punjabi food I have eaten in a while. Oh, I am not biased (since I am from South India). and with that yeah the south Indian cuisine is totally different than North Indian, its like going to a different country and sadly not many restaurants in PHX serve 'real' south Indian food (try Cafe Krishna or woodlands). and yes what most y'all people eat is infact North Indian food. Now that we have cleared this outta way, lets talk about Guru Palace. The place is about $$, but it is worth it. We bought the 10 for 20 yelp deal, which helps ofc too. The staff is friendly and attentive. The girl loves samosas, so we got them and they were good. We ordered the complete dinner, and I feel its the best thing to get for the price. I got the vegetarian dinner and she got the tandoori dinner.Check the pictures. It came with tea which was fab and the yummiest Garlic naans I have eaten. The desert was the usual Gulab jamoon which was also one of the best I have eaten (Check Pics). She tells me her dinner was fab as well. It also came with white rice and mine came with 3 curries of my choice. I ordered Malai Kofta, Mutter Panneer and Dal Makkani. She got the okra curry which I swear by was one of the best I have eaten at an Indian place in a long while. I am definitely coming bak again and hopefully I get to seat on the floor seating and maybe then I give them 6/5 :) Lets celebrate good places like these
1	I am not Indian, but I have had Indian food all around the world, including in India. This was the most boring Indian food ever. I didn't even know Indian food could be boring. Also, I got food poisoning from their Shrimp Koorma. Additional issues: the water was room temperature--very odd. And the service was also lukewarm. The place is overpriced. I will say the $8 Indian beer, though absurdly expensive, was cold and good. I do not know how this restaurant could get good ratings. Extremely disappointing, and none of us would ever go back.
5	In just one visit we were able to sample a wide variety of great Indian cuisine. The Chicken Tikka Masala is incredibly smooth. The Chicken Biryani is great for anyone who is not fond of spicier dishes. The Lamb Vindaloo is fantastic and the perfect amount of spice for the dish. For dessert we sampled the Gulab Jamun which is absolutely delightful. The service was excellent with plenty of beverage refill offers and check ins from the staff.
4	Delicious food!   Lots of dishes to choose from for both vegetarians and omnivores alike!   Complimentary mango lassi and deliciious chai tea come with the lunch buffet (never seen this at any other Indian buffet).  Atmosphere is nice and service is excellent!  Go ahead you wont be disappointed.   I gave it four stars for the prices...Slightly overpriced...but the food is so delicious I make it a destination.  I would come here more often if it were a couple bucks less...   Hope you enjoy!
5	First time eating here and found the staff really helpful and checking on us constantly. The food was great! We tried the tandoori dinner and it was delicious with more than enough food. We will go back again to try more stuff!
4	Indian food is one of my favorites, and I don't know why it took me so long to try Guru. I have been there now several times and I opt to order off the menu instead of the buffet. Every meal I have had has been very good and has all those warm comforting spices I love in Indian food. And of course who can forget the garlic naan, delicious! The staff have always been very friendly and answered any questions that I have had. Guru has become a regular lunch spot for me!
5	This was EXACTLY what my wife and I were looking for. Although we did make the mistake of going for dinner and paying for every thing individually (46.99) instead of the 8.99 lunch buffet.... But the food, Ohhhhh man. So tasty. tandoori shrimp tiki masala on spice #4 was the JAM! Definitely will be going back.. For the lunch buffet. ;)
5	I am some Indian Roots and I have to admit this place ROCKS- amazing food.  Its darn close to my moms cooking and my mom is really good since she inherited recipes from 4ooyrs of Family secrets.....   A++++++++++++
5	I am not familiar with Indian food at all.   But I bought a groupon for this place because it was close.   So we went last night.  We both got a lamb dish and the garlic naan.   Mild spice.  I have heard Indian food is very spicy so wanted to make sure we could eat it.  It was fantastic.   I mean I'm still thinking about it today good, and had the leftovers for breakfast. .  Service was good.  It concerns me that it wasn't very busy.  Sure would hate to see it go out of business.   The food is that good.  Go try it.  I'm serious.
2	i like their chicken biryani. That's the only + thing. Their Shahi paneer didn't have any salt in it. Last time when i visited this place during dinner, the water they served me had a hair in it. The server didn't had the courtesy of apologizing. Plus i didn't find the staff to be very courteous.
5	Great food, service was 'Good Enough'.  Great location!
3	Overall this place is good, I think it is one of the better Indian restaurants in the metro. We had the lamb vindaloos, chicken Marsala and some of the garlic naan. The garlic naan is good but I actually prefer the regular naan. Both the vindaloo and the Marsala were great but they did go a little easy on the lamb, there was practically three small pieces of it. My only other complaint is the serving size for the price. If you go there with three people and have drinks and entrees expect to pay over $100 and probably not be full. Overall though a good dining experience.
5	Very Good!!
4	We have never been disappointed.  The food is well done and the service is excellent.
4	Consistently exceptional. The lunch buffet is phenomenal!
4	Great food and a good atmosphere!
4	pretty damn good indian food, that will then clean you out..
2	All I wanted was a take away...when they did eventually answer the phone I was told, "One minute while I get a pen" I hung up after 5. I order and then go to collect it. I have learned over the years to check the contents and behold, it was wrong. They argued that my order was correct...I eventually got what I wanted, but I had to wait 15 minutes..And then the food was only mediocre...
2	This is a good place if you are looking for North Indian food. But if you are looking for Dosa, Chapati etc this is not the place.
5	Nice service clean place quick service good food
3	So I wondered into this place today for lunch. The venue was nice and the service was mediocre. The place was very dim which may hide the full effect of either a clean or dirty venue. They did boast an A rating on their most recent health inspection so that is good to know. The buffet was adequate and stock with traditional Indian dishes. Chicken Tikka, pakoras, lentils, chickpeas, rice, curry of sorts..  etc. I ate rice, the red chicken, some ckickpeas, some eggplant, zucchini, pakoras, naan. The rice was basmati and a little dry. The red chicken was good, chickpeas a little sandy, the eggplant/lentils was good...the chicken tikka was a little dry even in all that sauce. The naan was garlic and good. I ate all my food and although being in good old Gilbert/Mesa Az, felt as though this was authentic and close to what I consider Northern Indian maybe even punjab style. I would recommend this to a friend with slight reservation.  I'll eventually return, but going out of my way to do so.
5	I simply love this place. Great food and great service. I do a lot of carry out and its always just the way I ordered it. You can choose spice level on most foods. Which is a plus for someone like me who loves spicy food.
4	Disregard the outside. The food is VERY good Indian food!!  I highly recommend this place.  I have had Indian food in the best of restaurants (London) and this place is quite good.  You will be impressed if you like Indian/Pakistani type food!
5	We love this place and go often for a wide variety of Indian foods offered on their buffet. Generally I avoid buffets like the plague but this is an exception. From the chicken tikka masala to the saag paneer,  tandoori chicken, curried mutton,  and creative vegetarian options...it is Love at first bite. The naan is fresh and delicious. I like the sauces they have available and the lassi always tastes just right- not too sweet. I am dinging a star because it is very very dark in there during the day. This concerns me, what is being hidden?  It doesn't create much of an ambiance. It is literally difficult to see your food. Secondly I think the service is subpar. People pile their used plates up and they don't seem to get bussed away. A water refill would be nice without having to ask as the food is spicy. For a place where most diners have the buffet during the day, it doens't seem there is that much that the servers need to do. Let a little light in the restaurant  and add a bus person, and the fifth star is yours!Done deal!
4	I am new to Indian food and this has been my first Indian restaurant. Been back a few times, the food is very good and service is always excellent. Love the marsala dishes and chicken vandaloo is good too.
5	As I was raised in London England, I grew up on Indian food. This makes me a bit of an Indian food snob. Guru Palace  is about as good as I have found in the Phoenix area.Do not go on Monday nights as the normal chef takes that night off. His replacement doesn't even come close to measuring.  On Monday nights the food wouldn't even rate 1 star.
5	Best Indian food ever. Great service.. Great food ... Their chicken tikka masala is so yummy ... If you are looking for good quality food ... This is it... Highly recommended
5	Hands down the best North Indian food in the valley. Must try for those that like Indian food.
3	The food here is very good however the service is hit or miss.  We go here every couple of months and eat inside.  The decorum inside is great and the food is fantastic.  Unfortunately the service can occasionally be sub par.  Example: the other night we waited almost 20 minutes before we were even offered our drinks after we sat down.  Then waited another 10 minutes until we got them.  Then another 10 minutes before we were asked our dinner order.  They were busy but 40 minutes until we could order?  We've had other occasions where the service was perfect.  Like I said, hit or miss.
5	Loved the chicken marsala  and garlic naan.  would recommend it highly
4	Love this place. Tasty and a good variety. I have only tried their lunch buffet. Under $10 including tax. Check it out. It's right next to Starbucks off Baseline and Gilbert.
4	I have eaten here twice now with my boyfriend and we both agree it is probably the best Indian food we have had. The portions and favors are excellent and we find ourselves talking about eating here again throughout the week. The only reason I did not give this restaurant 5 stars is the second time we dined for dinner the service was a little off as other reviewers have noted. Also, I wish the decor was a little more on the fine dining side or they would add booths, however the overall ambiance is very nice.
5	We've been eating Indian food elsewhere for the past year and now I could KICK myself! Hubs and I had an exceedingly rare date night with no picky eaters (read: 9 year old food snob and friends) we considered going to our "regular" place, but I was just not willing to dine in there.  During our "East Valley FEED ME" Yelp search, I remembered that I park in front of this place when I go to Michaels/Starbucks and dared my man to try a new place. I argued that I always see folks walking out of this place looking happy (during lunchtime) when they leave (usually a good sign, right?)  So, off we went into the wild blue... oh wait, no, we just traveled down Baseline Rd. for a short jaunt and reached our destination. We arrived at what I would call "dinner time" but there was only 1 large group and 1 small table finishing up.  We're in Gilbert, folks... when it's dinner time, people swarm to restaurants and pack 'em solid for unholy hours on end.  Many a time we have left an establishment only to go to Plan B restaurant or even Plan C.  I'll admit it, I was cautiously, cautious.  As we ordered, I noticed others starting to move in. Before long, there were at least 5 or 6 other tables gaily ordering.Before long, seriously, Sam, our waiter was TOTALLY on top of it... Sam arrives and since we are first-timers we asked him to guide us through the menu. What a GREAT tour it was!  We thought we'd just go with the regular go-to menu items... But Sam wasn't having any of that, Nooooooo. He wanted us to try what the regular clientele swore to be the best food on the menu. Obviously, these customers are not wrong! We devoured the suggested Vegetable Pakoras $4.99 (I'm not a sauce freak, but I recommend the sauce that comes with it!  Then Sam told us to try the Mixed Grill SIZZLER PLATE (under Tandoor Specials) Just, YES!  He had the chef spice it at a level 4-5, to be safe and it was perfect, sure we could've gone warmer, but nah!  Ohhhh Naa'n, how about some Garlic Naan $2.5, uhm YUMMY! It wasn't so heavy garlicky that vamps would cringe but it was enough to be flavorful. The Garlic Naan paired perfectly with what we know to be called Butter Chicken (or Chicken TIkka Masala) but this time with a twist... It was DARK MEAT instead of chicken breast.  We casually mentioned that cannot tolerate chicken breast so Sam ordered this other version (ask what it's called, because I can't remember) Sam earned a place in my heart, forever!  This waiter, Sam did something unheard of in today's culture... HE LISTENED and adjusted the order accordingly... whoa.Just after our Tikka arrived and I was able to scoop the YUM YUM worthy rice on my plate, the aforementioned 9 year old calls our mobile in a panic.  "Where are you?? We're here, no one is home!"  Well, crud, dinner date over... With a quickness... The staff got us packed up as fast as lightening, got our check, but not before I said... I WANT ANOTHER ORDER TO GO! Did that slow down this restaurant, heck NO! I was packed up with a second order, an adjusted bill and OFF we went... I promise you Sam (and all you other amazing wait staff) I will be back, oh yes I will and next time, I'm bringing my posse. But please don't tell anyone in Gilbert about this place, I still want a table at dinner time, OK?!
4	I was hesitant when I first arrived because there weren't very many cars outside, but was pleasantly surprised when the food came. Our samosas were simply incredible and the paneer and chicken dishes that we ordered were divine. The best part about the meal, though, was that their naan was perfect - not too dry and not dripping with oil. The perfect balance. Only suggestion if you're looking for an amazing Indian food night and love the spice - be sure to order your dishes at least a 7 to get them spicy enough to feel the burn! Great night out.
5	I took my 7 year old daughter here for first time. She loved it. Everything she ate, she loved. Food and service are great. Wide selection of food. I like the goat curry.
5	I can't believe I have not left a review yet as I have been eating here for years! Let me just start by saying that I love Indian food. I have eaten at several Indian restaurants in the valley and this one is by far my favorite. Their sauces are so flavorful and the meat dishes come with tons of meat. My personal favorite is the chicken vindaloo. They also have delicious chai that you can get either hot or iced, which I really appreciate being that I order my food so hot(spicy) that sometimes it's hard to drink hot tea. 5 stars, every time.
4	Never had Indian food until tonight and this place definitely satisfied our desire for something unique! I got the mahi mahi masala and my boyfriend got the shrimp korma, which were both delicious! Besides that the garlic naan was amazing with the sauces.
5	Lunch Buffet was good to introduce Indian food to my teenage daughter. I liked the freshness and the cook continued to make new foods to add to buffet. We'll be back to try the rest of the menu.
5	= = = = = =  WEEKDAY LUNCH BUFFET!  = = = = = =It took a little over 2 years to circle back around to this excellent Buffet, again joined by Mike C.  Upgrading my Review from last time, let me say that the lighting was just right inside this time and the tables were well placed and set for parties of any size.  The Buffet offered up about 24 items, plus sauces & dressings, which is a good size for an Indian Buffet.  The food selection was about the same as last time, and mostly mild in spice but tasty.  (Ok to bring the kids.)  In fact, not just "tasty" but DELICIOUS, from the Garlic Naan to the Daal (lentil soup), and on through everything else.  (Goat meat is so blah, but they even perked IT up pretty well!)When you come, don't miss the Mango Lasso!  This terrific Mango & yogurt beverage is SO GOOD, & this time it was somewhat hidden in a stainless steel dispenser.  Their Chai (tea with cream & spices) was tasty too.On top of all the above, the table service was friendly and just right, and so was the price.I eat at all of the Valley's Indian Buffets, and this one today was right up there at the top with the very best of them!     WOOHOO!      :-))Weekday Lunch Buffet:  $8.95
5	We used a groupon to try this incredible Indian joint.  The staff was very knowledgeable friendly and attentive.  A nice variety of vegan options to choose from.  The mushroom pakora was an instant favorite and the aloo gobhi was some of the best cauliflower I have ever tasted. My daughter and I both tried the hot chai tea and it was authentic and delicious.  We both left full and happy but without a heavy feeling.  I'm so glad we finally tried this place.  We will most definitely be back.
4	Came here with a group of 6 and we sat on the floor - so fun. Staff was super friendly and accommodating. They overheard is talking about upcoming birthdays in the group and unexpectedly brought out ice cream with a candle! Such a nice gesture. Veggie samosas were great and so was the chana masala. Chicken tikka masala was really good but not the best I've ever had. I will be back and recommend this place.
3	This was our last option of eating dinner to end the night on a Sunday. Our first option was a thai place which we love to go a lot because it's very quiet and we're the only people in there, but we miss the information regarding that they closed on sundays so with disappointment we decided to try out this place.If you read my review on Indian Oven, this would be the second time I have eaten indian food and that was with the Guru Palace.I was very hesitant to try this place because the parking lot was empty and it looked really closed but on their hours it said they were closed till 10pm which i was happy to see. As we pulled up and parked, we walked in and waited for a few seconds then we were seated a bit in the back near the empty buffet.The place was really spacious, indian paintings on the walls and really nice indian theme type lights and decorations. In comparison to the Indian oven, that place is a bit  condensed and not so much space.Our male waiter was very new at this and he was ethnically indian so we were fine with that and having an understanding of what it is like to be working as a busser/food server for the first time I brushed it off.I was excited looking over the menu and different categories of foods they served. I wasn't sure if they also did an "all you can eat" buffet since there was an empty buffet next to us. Indian Oven does not have a food menu item because it is more of a buffet than a regular restaurant.My boyfriend decided to go with the "complete dinner" in which he chose the tandori dinner. i know it comes with an appetizer and main course as well as a drink and desert. I figured I would go with the non vegetarion complete dinner since he was going for one. That way we would share and taste each other's meals and have an opinion of the food.When we ordered our food, the waiter wasn't sure what we were talking about and looked confused. He had to look a the menu to see where we were pointing and then did a few gestures and nods. I was worried and unsure if he understood what we were saying. Language barrier is a problem here but what is really an issue is why was he working alone and there should have been someone who has worked here longer and been with him so that other person would have an idea of what we wanted.As he left, we chatted for a bit and he comes back with something that looks like taco shells and a sauce. I was confused and thought it would be naan but surely I was a bit disappointed. They looked like taco shells but the taste and texture was completely different. It tasted like sesame seeds or maybe it was chips. The sauce itself was spicy hummus. I am not sure if everyone else who has been here before been served this but I was surprised.  - 15 minutes later. Our new waiter comes back with two small dishes and puts them on my side of the table. My boyfriend looks at it and I thought "oh it must be appetizer for my dinner" but it didn't make sense as to why they didn't bring out my bf's appetizer as well. We shrugged and continued to talk as I tried a bit of each one which tasted pretty good.-5 more minutes later the waiter comes out with my boyfriend's main course and after that we had the rest of our food which came in 5-10 minute intervals and he had his drink and I didn't get mine on top of that I was very thirsty since I drank all of my water. It was not good for this new male waiter to not notice when I did not have water in my cup and did not receive my drink that I ordered. I saw him walking around and seat a party of 3 people that were sitting right across from us. I had to flag an older women who looked like the wife of the owner and I might have to guess the owner was ethnically indian with a purple turban on his head wearing a purple stripped polo shirt eating at the bar.I asked her that i needed water and I did not receive my drink that i ordered and expressed my concerns that only half of our food was here and we might be missing the other half. She didn't understand what we were talking about and was confused.I got my drink but I ordered a coffee not tea but i let that go.I tried to reason with my boyfriend and making him understand that our waiter is new and they didn't have someone more professional and fluent in speaking english and in their native tongue to be with this waiter tonight.I must admit the food is good but customer service on a sunday night between the hours of 7-9 is very poorly done.We got our check and my boyfriend didn't tip them because of the mix up - he also wrote that we didn't get the other half of our food along with a 0$ for a tip. Then we left.Indian oven is much better because you can self serve what you want to eat for your dinner but if you prefer to have it served to you from the menu - I'd think twice on that.Not sure if we'll come back but hey this was a sunday night and maybe if we come back on a different day and time it might be better.
4	For dinner I was quite pleased with my entree and Naan.  Spice level was exactly as specified, all food was rather good and served hot.  I thought the food was clearly superior to Indian Oven nearby.  Friendly service.  Building doesn't look so great on the outside in this strip mall but it's ok inside.  Draft beers available.
5	Got the mixed grill, lamb curry, and naan. Everything was very well made. The naan was crispy but soft (exactly the 2qy it's supposed to be), the rice was definitely basmati, the mixed grill came sizzling. It was a spectacular meal!
