1	Their sales people are nice, of course. It's after you purchase that it goes downhill. A man named Howard, who claims his title is "the man," completely chewed out my husband for calling in to say our system wasn't working right and not wanting to pay $70 plus labor to have someone come out to look at it. When I went in to buy filters, the women in the shabby office (there is no retail storefront, but you have to buy the filters in person) were arguing and didn't bother to pretend they weren't bickering while I was in there.  I felt awkward and intrusive. Basically, this company is all about sales and not about service. It's a shame, because I like our Kinetico system.
3	I bought both the full Kinetico system and the RO drinking water system from these folks several years ago.  Both systems have worked fine all this time.  A month ago I made an appointment to have the filters changed in the drinking water system today.  Somehow they got the date wrong.  They sent a service tech while I was at work.  They were able to reschedule for the actual day I wanted the tech at my house.  I requested that the tech come in the morning, because I had an exterminator coming in to spray in the afternoon.  The girl said that they can't set a time.  Even Cox cable can arrange for either morning or afternoon.  My exterminator company can set a specific time if you request it.  Why can't these folks?  The tech did a good job so no problem there.
1	DO NOT DO BUSINESS WITH THESE PEOPLE. Their sales people are nice, of course.  It's after you rent or purchase that it goes downhill.  Basically, this company is all about sales and not about service. Our Kinetico rental system worked great, but was replace twice.We purchased different unit from a different company and requested our rental to be picked up and terminated. For 3 months they gave us the run around, and would promise to call us back. For 3 months they were not able to book a removal appointment because the scheduler was always out and would call us back.This is the same kind of runaround that you get if you need service on your equipment. You also have to pay by check. Of course they kept billing us, even though our unit was disconnected and taking space in our garage. Finally I called and told hem that I would certify a letter notifying them of demand to pick up, and then their unit would be placed in the street. They came out the next day. They are still sending us bills....DO NOT DO BUSINESS WITH THESE PEOPLE.
2	The jury is still out on them at OUR house. Called them today because our system is overflowing...the only advice that I took away from the interaction is for us to bypass the Kinetico System untill they could see the system. Just for them to"see" the system, it will cost us $109.00 (service call fee plus the first thirty minutes of labor). If additional work is needed, then it's $15.00 for each 15 minutes. I asked about the lifetime guarantee that I heard on KDWN radio and was told that since we purchased our system in 1997 that we wouldn't be covered. So I ask then, if I'm not under warranty, why should I use your company for service? I got a, "You can do whatever you want. We ARE the only company authorized to service our system." I suppose that's a great answer if a warranty WAS being honored.AND, to top it off, they don't guarantee an appointment time...even though they charge their customers for the visit. I don't like paying to go to the dentist for maintenance on my teeth, but at least a gal gets an appointment time for THAT service.I'm astonished at companies (that want to keep my business) would automatically charge me a fee to determine what was wrong with THEIR system. I would think that they would stop by to see what's wrong first and then determine with me the best path to resolving. The "service" person wanted to immediately transfer me to sales (probably so they could try and sell me a whole new system)...I didn't want a salesperson, I wanted SERVICE.
1	I love the water system..except it cost 6k years ago and I have done nothing but rave  to family and friends about. I was told no matter  where I live in the country they would in hook system and rehook us up for free. Now that we are moving they  want to charge me 353... Do not purchase if u intend to ever move
5	My wife and I moved to Las Vegas from Los Angeles in 2004. We have never regretted that decision because LA is a dehumanizing place to live. At least it was for us. One thing, though, that we encountered when we got here that we didn't have to deal with in Los Angeles was extremely hard water. I didn't even know what that was when we got here, and was surprised that so many people here had water treatment for their own homes.Once I realize this is something that we needed, I started researching. Being a thorough kind of person, admittedly to a fault, I looked at a lot of different companies. What I was surprised to find is that they all said something different. Some of the claims were truly amazing, like you could wrap a wire around the pipe or connect magnets to it and you would make your water "soft". Those were easily debunked, but some others were more sophisticated. People talked about mixed media in multiple stages, and energy cells and all kinds of other things that a person without a degree in chemistry would have a hard time following.Then one day I walked into a Home Depot store and there was a display in the store for a company called Kinetico. I arranged to have someone come out and show us what they had, and I was truly impressed. The salesperson was very knowledgeable, took the time to thoroughly explain water treatment and how it works and then gave us a lot of choices.They had the same type of systems that the other national brand companies in town had, but also showed me something I hadn't seen before. This was a system that worked off of the flow of the water rather than electricity. Very clever, I thought. It did cost more than the others, but it also is designed to last four or five times longer than they do. So I purchased that system.We got purification for drinking water, carbon filtering for taking the chlorine out of the water and of course the water softener.To date, no complaints. Quite the contrary, I feel they've delivered on everything they promised and have been nothing less than professional every step of the way.Reading the other reviews here, I'm wondering if we're talking about the same company. I guess people are more likely to complain than praise, so maybe the company is not perfect. But I can only go by my experience, and so far I've been thoroughly pleased with the product and the people who stand behind it.Would I recommend it to my friends and family? Yes, absolutely. As a matter fact, I have and a number of them have gotten Kinetico systems. I've never heard any complaints from them, so I assume that they are happy with the company as well.
5	I love this company. The salespeople are great and they were out within a couple days to install the system. It is a little pricey but so worth it. I have never thought my skin could feel this good living in vegas. We also got the drinking water system installed and it is just as great. I recommend this system above any of the 'electric' types.
5	I'm the type of person the does exhausting research for any kind of purchase or investment. Prior to research I had no knowledge or experience with water treatment.  I learned a lot on line... mostly that there is as much myth as there is facts.  I had 3 water treatment companies demo their products in my home. 2 of them made wild claims and boasted system capabilities that weren't even possible physically or scientifically!  The Kinetico rep was extremely professional! I searched his demonstration for the common miss representations both the other 2 companies used and I grilled him with questions that I knew the answers to. Best I can tell he answered with integrity.  When asked questions he didn't know the answers to he got on the phone and got them.  He DIDN'T guess or bs me which in itself won me over; The installers were great!  My experience since the installation has been uneventful which is exactly what I wanted! Nothing to stress over!  Wife loves the soft water and I love the drinking water system!
