5	I recently moved back to Arizona from California and I was a apprehensive on finding a new hair stylist. I discovered Christian from a friend that has been using her for years. When I called Christian to discuss my hair dilemma I instantly knew I was in great hands! Sure enough this little bombshell actually listened to what I wanted and gave me a fantastic hair cut and color! Christian can cut any length of hair and is very professional with a great personality!
5	I moved to phoenix aa year ago as was referred by a friend that goes to her. Ive been going to her ever sense!My hair always says it all....i get compliments even when its time to get my hair done. This has been the best place ive been too. I would highly recommend it! Christiann iis a very nice person and makes the place even better!
5	Im so happy I found Christian!  She is a great stylist, super cool and very talented.  I love the haircut and will definately be going back!
5	Yelp
5	Christian has been cutting my hair for over two years. She is a true artist - her cuts are both stylish and trendy!!  I recommend giving her a try - you won't be disappointed!
5	Christian is so awesome! I went to her after someone gave me an awful cut and even though I didn't have much hair to work with she was able to make a masterpiece! My mother is also a hairdresser so I am a little hard to please when it comes to a good cut but Christian honestly blew me away! I kid you not, I have been stopped on the street by people asking who cuts my hair! Not only have I become a repeat client but I have now got my husband to be an avid client as well! (This is coming from a man who said he would never go anywhere but a barber shop!) My mother has even gone to see Christian a few times and my mother (who has been cutting hair for about 30 years now) is also blown away! I can go on and on but I think you need to just see for yourself. I don't think there's anything Christian can't do and her pricing is beyond affordable. Do yourself a favor and give her a call!
5	I just have to say that it's been over a year since I moved to Denver from Scottsdale and had a haircut by Christian but I still talk about her and her amazing skills! I am yet to find anyone who even comes close to her level of expertise. I miss her and her haircuts so much:(
