1	I love helping out new local businesses, so when I saw the Living Social special for cake pops, I called and placed an order for my daughter's 15 birthday.  The woman I spoke to seemed friendly on the phone and admitted that she was very busy due to the online special but was able to fill my order. I ordered 24 cake pops in chocolate, vanilla and strawberry, dipped in pink and purple icing with pearly sprinkles on top. I agreed to pick it up at the specific time she gave me.  She gave me directions to this creepy place called Amazing Clowns on Flamingo and Pecos and said her bake shop was in there. When I got to the place no one was there. I called several times and got no answer.  They don't have a website, just a Facebook page.  I left and returned sometime later and fortunately she was there this time. Though I was annoyed by the inconvenience of the pick up, I was even more disappointed by the quality of the cake pops.  They appeared to be done by an amateur and didn't have any professional appeal to them at all. They were stuck in a piece of round white Styrofoam with a bit of ribbon taped around the edges.  My daughter's bday was that evening so I didn't have any option other than to take them.  Everyone thought I had made them because they looked so unprofessional.  It was even worse when we bit into them and discovered that they were so hard and dry.  I'm not a baker but I think I could have done a better job with a Betty Crocker cake mix!  I won't be ordering from them again.
4	I was asked to make cake pops for a baby shower and without thinking about how busy I was agreed of course. While I was stressing about how I would find the time to make the cake pops the living social deal came across my email. I figured it was fate:) I purchased the 2 dozen cake pops for $25 deal and then scheduled my order the nextDay. I wasnt picky,  just requested whatever colors and flavors I could get for the deal and not have to pay anything extra.  I went yesterday after work to pick up the pops and was thoroughly impressed with the end results! Not only were the cake pops ready when I arrived, but they were absolutely darling! Definitely above and beyond what I expected for my $25 deal. I couldnt resist trying one (the shower is tonight) and as I thought they taste amazing as well. Well done Michelle! I am surprised there arent more positive comments on here. I feel like everyone always takes the time to leave negative comments but its also important to remember to leave the positive ones. Give this new business a try!!
5	I have ordered from here mor than once & was quite pleased with the cakes I ordered. I only had ideas of what I wanted, no picture. I told Michelle my ideas & she superseded my expectations! I would recommend them to anyone in a heartbeat!
