5	Excellent place to eat! I stumbled upon this restaurant and it just happened to be their first day open. I was the second customer. Food was great and the service was perfect.
3	**** - Decor**1/2 - Food**1/2 - ServiceOverall I would say it was okay, but I was not Wow'd or even inspired to come back "real soon".Growing up eating Mexican food,  and living more than half my life in the Southwest, I prefer a little more character in the food.  The Mexican Fried Rice had the most character because it's green.  I asked the waitress and was told Poblano and Cilantro, but I couldn't really tell. The rice was overcooked, but the flavor was alright.  The beans I would rate the lowest because they tasted like they were canned that were enhanced with just the sprinkle of cheese that's melted on top.We we pleasantly surprised by a dessert "on the house" that was simple and satisfying. A tiny flour tortilla filled with apple pie filling and a touch of cream/cheese, grilled like a quesadilla and then tossed in cinnamon sugar.  Mmm.I missed the fact they had a full bar.  Lots of temptation there.  Guess I may need to check out their happy hour deals.One last thing.  Our server was pleasant but so quiet and wasn't familiar with the specials.  She left without dropping the bill or telling us she was leaving -- so we waited for our check.  It was then I learned they had a full bar cuz I figured I needed to go to a register to pay.Gimme a server that is confident, brings some of that personality to her service and makes you glad you stopped in regardless of the food.
5	Great little restaurant - good food, great service, and nice decor.  Happy to have it in the neighborhood!  I've already been twice and will be back again.
5	Came here last weekend with my husband. Salsa and chips were great and very fresh. Salsa had great flavor. I ordered sopes beans and rice and my husband ordered four tacos with beans and rice. All was very very good. Love to support a local restaurant near home will be coming back eventually
4	We happened upon this place after seeing a movie nearby, what a pleasant surprise! Fun decor, food was delicious...loved the rice with cilantro and poblano chile, the beef chimi was perfect! The complimentary, warm apple empanadas were a great treat! We'll be back soon!
5	This place is AMAZING!!!!! The food is absolutely delicious and the service is great!! I am 100% Mexican and this is truly authentic Mexican food, it reminds me of my mothers food and that's hard for me to find! They also have a full bar!! We will be coming back real soon that's for sure!!! Arriba!! :)
5	Great place! The food and the service AMAZING! .... I will come back for sure!!!!!!!!!!!
3	We found the food to be adequate but not exciting. I did like that the chile Relleno had no breading. It was light and yummy. But there are a few kinks to work out. The server seemed afraid of us and that was tiring. We could hear the chef calling orders in the back and there was no need to be that loud. We heard chef and server have an argument over what we ordered.
4	Very authentic Mexican food.  Highly recommend the green sauce.  Also have a good lunch special.  Nice new place in our hood.
4	We stepped inside for dinner after a long work day, eager to try this new restaurant. In addition to your standard burritos, chimichangas, and tacos, they also offer options like sopes and have a small American style menu for those not wishing to eat Mexican food at a Mexican restaurant :). We were seated immediately at a bright, comfortable booth. The decor is very festive and lively, with warm gold and yellow tones echoing throughout the restaurant. I loved the atmosphere, the unique tables, and the vivid, multi-colored cloth napkins. As soon as we were seated we received some chips and salsa. Both were quite good. The salsa was green and was filled with fire roasted green chiles, adding a nice spicy kick to go with the light, crisp chips. We looked through the menu and I decided on a 2 item combination plate ($8.95) with chile relleno and chicken enchilada, and. I also tried some carnitas chimichanga. The chile relleno is a lighter version of what I usually see in restaurants. The poblano chile is not breaded and fried, but still stuffed with cheese. I enjoyed it, as the chile was perfectly cooked with good flavor. The chicken enchilada was filled with shredded white meat chicken. Again, it tasted like a lighter version of what I usually see in most restaurants. The rice was green, which was a unique twist, and had a more delicate flavor. The refried beans were decent, no complaints. The carnitas chimichanga was filled with tender carnitas pork, and I could taste a hint of cumin in the mix. Like the other components of my meal, this dish also had more of a delicate flavor.Service was friendly and cheerful and we were checked on as needed. They also have a breakfast menu that I might like to try some day. If you're looking for lighter tasting versions of Mexican favorites in a sunny, cheerful atmosphere, you've come to the right place!
5	I am very picky when it comes to Mexican food and I am always trying new places in hopes of finding my go to restaurant for authentic Mexican food. This place is it. I've finally found it. Their food is delicious! Most flavorful moist shredded beef.  The chile relleno is out of this world! They don't fry them which I love.  Everything is so fresh and the horchata is great. Also the servers are super friendly too. Believe me you will not be disappointed. It's a must try!
3	I'm quite particular when it comes to Mexican food. Having grown up in Phoenix, I've been exposed to a lot of Mexican food both good and bad. This is my first time visiting and I do plan to go back. The server seemed almost scared of me, which was weird. She was very nice and polite but seems a little timid. I'm sure she'll get over that. Chips and salsa were better than average. I had carnitas tacos and pollo tacos. Chicken was fresh and juicy as we're the carnitas. The server never checked back after I got my food which is a big pet peeve of mine. They are only two months old and I'm sure will continue to work through their growing pains. I'll come back and give them another chance in a month or two to see how they progressed.
5	Great chips and salsa, food was really good. The fish tacos exceptional,  we tried them fried and grilled.  Wish they served a Non alcoholic beer.   Fried ice cream was fine.. Prices are beyond reasonable.   We will be back
