4	I have frequented this establishment about 4 - 5 times a year as I have a work colleague who loves this place.  Usually I don't find the food very "hot and spicy" but today was much different with my hot and sour soup!  H&S has a menu that has around 15 rotating specials each day.  Definitely it  has something to please any palette's desire.  The specials are from 10.95 - $14.95 each.  When I come here lunch is usually in the $16 - $17 range.  It's a huge restaurant that my colleague said today use to be a Swiss Chalet.  The bird cage motif decorations and dark wood disguise the ex Swiss Chalet interior  Don't be scared of the price because the portions are huge.  WIth the specials it comes with soup (usually wonton or Hot and Sour) white rice/fried rice or noodles (Singapore or some other noodle dish) I've never tried as the Singapore are very yum.  Aslo comes with stir fired vegetables and a veg fried spring roll.  Trust me it's a big meal!  Today I had beef with broccoli with SN (as mentioned) and H + S soup.  It was delish knish and as the old Govenator of California has said in his most famous movie "I'll be back"!!
4	Had lunch here again with a work colleague as this is his favorite place! The have a great selection on their menu and quality and consistency is always excellent! Whenever I come here I always eat a small dinner that evening as its "fatman" size portions. Usually lunch with just water costs $16-17 with tax and tip. A tad more on the expensive side, but I believe quality to be much higher than Manchu wok or any of the mall Asian joints! Also it's not grand central station "busy" while you eating! We'll be back!
4	The noodles were very good and so were the sauces, a little on the expensive side, but worth it.
4	I have been coming to Hot & Spicy 3 times a year for the last 10 years. A great place to have a meal with a group of people. Tables for 8-10 people are round and have mini-tables in the center, a cool feeling when the table if full of yummy stuff.Pros :- Over what... 100 items to order now? The menu keeps expanding every year and the food is delicious. There's something for everyone. Personal favorites are the General Tao, Sesame Beef and Hunan Dumplings.- Nice atmosphere that embraces the Asian culture.- Recently have added sushi to the menu.Cons :- The service is usually lamentable. While they are somewhat friendly, they rarely speak their mind and the service can be incredibly slow. Feels like they are purposely slowing the service so that they don't have to serve everything ordered and fill you up with the cheaper stuff as you wait while you're hungry. Can be exceedingly annoying to wait at times 30+ minutes for the first few entrees.- Sometimes the plates can be hit or miss. You'll go there for one dinner and have fantastic General Tao and the next time you go... it'll be mediocre.... but you won't really care since you can sometimes go through 20-30 different plates of food with a large group sampling all kinds of great finds.Overall, an excellent meal for $30. The coffee, fortune cookies and ice cream is just the icing on the cake. However, beware of the slow service during busy hours and make sure they serve you the good stuff early.
