2	The Grassmarket Bar is definitely not by pub of choice to drink in that is for sure. I have only been here once, which I feel is more than enough, several months ago, and was completely and utterly put off by all the drunk locals who were hanging around both inside and outside the bar. This bar is situated in the Grassmarket area of Edinburgh and so it is just a short walk from the city centre and should be an ideal place for people to go for a quite drink or for pre-drinks before a night out, but unfortunately its not. The staff are friendly enough, but they don't seem to be able to control the loud and drunk locals. The bar has an extensive range of different beers, ales and wines, which are well priced and there is a student discount available. There is a huge windscreen TV which shows sporting events, and it was showing all the World Cup football matches. There is a lively atmosphere inside, but the locals brought it down a fair bit. If it weren't for the drunk and sleazy men drinking at this place, I would love this pub as the drinks and atmosphere are great, but I felt put out by them and probably won't be going back.
3	I came here a few weeks ago to watch one of the world cup quarter finals with some friends and although it provided a friendly atmosphere in which to relax, it's mainly just drunk locals who are there every other day of the week and see the place as their territory.  The general environment was quite good at the time, but we got the feeling that it would have been pretty dour at any other time.  The interior decor isn't the best and although there's enough seating, you can't help but feel that the place needs livened up.  They do have a good, big television screen which was ideal for showing the game and the were reasonably priced.
4	Spit and sawdust, and attracting some of the rougher end of the city centre clientele, The Grassmarket Bar is in a tourist-friendly area, but not a particularly tourist-friendly place. It's noisy and it stinks a bit, but if you like a good, proper boozer then it does the trick.As other reviewers have said, it is full of drunk locals, but this is the only city I know of where a pub having drunk locals inside is both surprising and a negative point.
