3	The Persian Saffron and Rose Water ice cream with crushed pistachios and their Persian Rose Water iced tea here at Flame Kabob are the stars here. Im a fan of rosy floral notes in my teas and dessert. So my attention was paid more to tea and ice cream! I haven't had the chance to try the meats or have a full meal just yet.I was originally introduced to Persian ice cream back in the 80's.The one I had here was just as authentic as how my friend's mom made it. Big plus ice cream is made from scratch! Saffron and Rose was fragrant when I took off the lid of the cup. The two flavors go well together.  The placard signs on the street advertising Gyro lunch special for $5.99 is what caught my eye and lead me here initially. Besides Gyros,Beef,Chicken and lamb kabobs, they have 3 different kinds of soup, sides like Babaghanoush, Hummus and Dolmeh.Hummus was good, spiced just right for me. Texture, smooth hardly any graininess, almost whipped light, wasnt the thick pasty kind. The flat bread tasted good too. It was made to order,so it was nice and warm when they served it to me. Dolmeh was perfect snack size portion. Served chilled on bed of greens topped with a sliced tomato.The menu prices varies here from the deal mentioned above, to reasonable under 10 dollar combo meals up to the pricey (IMO) $20 for 2 lamb combo deal. Yeah..dunno about that.  It's a small fast/casual restaurant. No table service. Order and pay at counter. Dining area is simple set up down one side of the wall with couple tables and 1 long table for larger group. The place was fairly clean, but felt a bit cluttered. Food prep area appeared to be clean as well. Staff friendly. Everybody knows what they are doing. My order came out fairly quick.This new Flame Kabob location is: Warm Springs Promenade. The backside of the restaurant faces Marks St near Big Lots. So far it's A+ ok for me! I know I will be a bigger fan when I get around to trying the kabobs!
5	I've been to this new location a handful of times already. Everything was perfect each time. The owner is incredibly sweet and is very passionate and proud for his business. I live at Sunrise Mountain in North Vegas but it is well worth the trip. I do prefer the new location to the old location just because I enjoy the look of the new location better, and because it's right by Lakeshore. As I write this review, I plan on heading there for dinner tonight, and taking a friend to try it out!
5	Fantastic food.. owner/host was fabulous. Warm and welcoming , happy to educate any on the merits and tastes of Persian cuisine. Definitely will return for the food and the warm welcome! Thank you for opening a restaurant here in Henderson NV!We had the 3 meat Kabob plate.. all were fantastic, the taftoon bread was fresh warm and delicious. Sampled the Rose Water tea and Sour Cherry tea both thirst quenching and wonderful unsweetened.
3	I had a coupon for a free kabob so I obviously had to give this place a try. I went for the lamb kabob and a the taftoon bread. The food was made fresh and was ready in about 10-15 mintues.I was especially excited to try to taftoon bread since it's made to order. It was huge and came out piping hot. It smelled so good, but sadly I was a bit disappointed. Instead of being light and fluffy, it was actually quite dense. And as it cooled, it just got tougher and tougher. The kabab was good and had a nice flavor, but I wouldn't go out of my way to get one. Overall, decent food at decent prices.
4	My mom and I decided to try this place out after seeing it every time we come on this side of town to come by my aunts nail salon to bring my grandma to get her mani/pedi. And I was not disappointed at all.We shared the gyros, hummus, dolmeh, and shirazi salad. Every thing had great flavor.The beef gryo was delicious and so was the turkey. Only downfall was the bread was falling apart as you ate it. Other than that the flavor was amazing. I love hummus and always order it when ever I see it on the menu. The hummus here was not gritty and had good flavor. The bread they served with it was good although some pieces were a little over cooked.The dolmeh was delicious! My first time trying it and I feel in love.The shirazi salad was so refreshing and light. Something I would love to make at home and have as a snack when at work. Especially now that I am pregnant. :)Definitely will be back again!
2	Wow, generally speaking, this is probably one of the most crooked places I've been to in Vegas! Please note, do not buy the Groupon here, you will get hoodwinked!! I've never had so much trouble using one until I came to this spot.First, I would like to say that the employees are not at fault for the confusion, I think the owner of this location is the main culprit in the poor customer service. They are creating ridiculous rules for their customers. So the groupon is for 5 for 10. On my first visit, the tall guy wouldn't add tax into the total price of the meal. I was like "fine". I was able to macguyver my ordering until the total before tax was 9.98. They guy was like "our minimum is 10 dollars before you can use it" I was thinking "what a great way to nickel and dime your customers"! The tall guy was rude and confrontational to a customer in front of me.The next day, I came back to use up the groupon and fortunately the tall guy wasn't working at that time. I wasn't impressed with the food during the last visit, so just decided to order sides and dessert. I was then told that I could not use the groupon because it was not a "food item"............................So ice cream and sides aren't food? Apparently not I guess. He then told me the groupon is available only for the numbered items, 1-14, on the menu, no sides, drinks, salads or anything else..I was about to bust out my Cris Carter, "Cmon man!"The shorter guy with glasses proceeded to apologize saying those are the rules set by the management there. I understood.Food wise, there is nothing to talk about here, everything is mediocre. Very bland and disappointing. I do have to say the Rose tea was really good.I've done the math here. Mediocre food + shady, non-customer oriented iron handed management with a concern only with a bottom line = 2 stars!! And I thought I was being generous. In the words of Terminus "Never again".
5	Nice and fresh food.The amount of salt and spices was well balanced.will definitely revisit
5	This place is a rare find.  Real FRESH food. Gyros sish kabobs. Excellent food and friendy people.  All the food is made to order so it is NOT fast food but it is well worth the wait.  I grabbed a menu so I can call ahead and pick it up.  They will deliver for orders over $100.   It is so nice to find a place where quality comes before speed or price.  Try it, you will be glad you did.
5	Food is full of flavor. I am in love with this spot. You can tell they cooked the food with love despite it being fast food. I will definitely be revisiting this spot when i'm in this area!!!
5	Very helpful staff, food prepared after ordering, very flavorful. Would highly recommend!
1	They have specials listed on a whiteboard when you enter the restaurant. I ordered the gyro and asked to have feta on it, they said they couldn't put feta on the sandwich but could give me a side for 1.99. I thought that was a little odd but blew it off and decided against it. I grabbed a can of soda that came with the meal and sat down. The place was clean and looked well maintained, even had a nice smell inside. The food came quickly and the server was friendly. The special, which was listed as "gyro, fries, and a can of soda" was actually an over sized pita bread cut in half with very little filling. The little meat that was there didn't have much flavor so you basically just get a lot of pita bread and little else. The fries ended up being the highlight because they had an ok seasoning on them but there were very few of them in the little paper tray they came served in. It was not an expensive meal, but I guess you get what you pay for. I think this place does a disservice to its customers by not listing what you actually get when you order. No one likes being misled by ordering a gyro and receiving half of one, even if it is in an over sized pita.
5	I've been here several times over the last month,  and we've tried a good variety of their menu.   So far,  nothing,  and I do mean nothing we've had was less than Superb.  They have specials that are a good deal however if you are using a coupon such as Restaurant.com or Groupon you can't get the specials at the special price.   They have fresh Rose Water and Sour Cherry iced teas that are also excellent.   I guess my only complaint is that as far as I know they do not offer delivery...  But that's just a need on my part to say something that is "critical".   The staff treats us like family.   Gotta love that.   Overall,  a gold star place.   I'll be back here...  Often. Oh...  And when they say "saffron"  they mean it.   They showed me their supply...  Picture attached.
5	New favorite place! The food is so good I could have hurt myself eating it, gorging until my stomach exploded or I suffered multiple foodgasms, whichever came first. The man behind the counter was super sweet, patiently explaining everything to us newbies (I didn't have the heart to explain that I have had Persian before. My husband was really into it so I just let them chat.) Prices are on par, portions generous. I watched them prepare it. All is clean and above board. Fresh, on-the-spot. Did not see any of the issues that the other yelpers, who I am assuming are rival restaurateurs, saw.It is very very flavorful with lots of sauces and anything extra that you could ask for, including an amazing green sauce that I could drink. So, Mr. Thought-it-was-too-bland needs to quit smoking.As for the people who are incapable of reading the menu or their Groupon conditions (and every Groupon has insane conditions, they must, Groupon goes out of their way to screw the small business owner and while Groupon rakes in the dough, these struggling businesses actually lose money on people like you), I don't think the restaurant should have to suffer for your illiteracy. Go back to school, learn how to spell words like "its", then use your new skills to read the small print, then and only then write Yelp reviews.Ok, back to the food: Can't wait to try everything on the menu. Organic, healthy, tasty, yum.
3	I was craving for gyro wrap but unfortunately, The Great Greek was closed.  Why close on Sunday??? So within the same square was Flame Kabob.  We decided to try out this place, especially since I do have a coupon for a free kabob.-Gyro wrap with fries: Yes, they freshly made the wrap (taftoon bread), but it was kind of dry.-Persian Rose Water Iced Tea:  I like this tea very much.  I am a huge fan of rose water, rose tea, rose icecream.-Persian Saffron and Rose Water Ice Cream:  Perhaps I set super high expectation for this.  There was only a hint of saffron and rose in this very icy icecream.We haven't been back yet...but I suspect not anytime soon.
1	Absolutely ridiculous.  I love Gyros and this place opened close to home - I was stoked!  Finally got a chance to try it out and went in to order a Gyro.  I walked to the register and said I will take a Gyro sandwich.  I was told that I couldn't buy just a sandwich unless I had a coupon (????).  I was confused and asked what do you mean - I just want a sandwich.  He preceded to tell me that I could not order just a sandwich.  I informed him that I didn't want the other stuff and I would just throw them away and I got a deer in the headlights look so I asked for the owners phone number.I called the owner and he informed me of the same policy.  It reminded me of the Jack Nicholson Five Easy Pieces schtick about holding the chicken  Needless to say, I ended up buying a Gyro sandwich (only) at Kyklos at the mall.
3	Having lived in Turkey for a while, I was pleased with the introduction to another regional taste of spices. Split the entree with the wife - had plenty for lunch.BUT, the lunch specials posted on multiple signs on the street were not posted in the side. The order-taker had no idea of any lunch specials except the few posted on the wall. Also, the fountain drinks were not posted on the menu board, cans of soda were only ones visible.
