3	So a Panera is a Panera, I guess... in general they range for me, averaging somewhere around a 4-star, I mean they are a chain but I tend to crave some of their soups and sandwiches... and they have free wireless... which should be standard now-a-days but isn't.This location was just okay because my soup was only luke warm and did not come with any bread. I'm pretty sure a bowl of soup comes with bread; if it doesn't it should.  What am I supposed to dip into my soup? Since it was only luke warm and all I had was an apple I turned my broccoli cheddar soup into fondue.Meh, I'll search for a local place next time.
4	Nothing feels better for a sore throat than warm chicken noodle soup (which is exactly what I had here last night for dinner)!I can't even begin to explain how excited I was when I learned a Panera was opening right on Green St. this summer.  It's one of my staples back home, and while it is a chain, they still have a great selection of food and baked goodies.Typically, I'll get their you-pick-2 (frontega chicken + broccoli cheddar soup = YUM!).  I love dipping their sourdough baguette into the warm soup.It's definitely a good place to stop by for lunch as they're quick, and you can always grab it to go.  Always a safe bet.  Plus!  Free wi-fi!
5	As many people that crowd this Panera Bread, there should be more reviews for this place! This is a hangout spot for a lot of people, including me. They are a great place to grab breakfast, lunch, and dessert. Their hot sandwiches are delicious and I always get the chips with one, even though you also have the choice of a baguette or apple. I took the unhealthy route with chips, but they're pretty good.Their bagels are a staple there. My favorite is the French Toast and the honey walnut cream cheese is to die for.Their breakfast sandwich, the Power Breakfast Sandwich, or whatever it's called, is really good and you should try it was sausage instead of ham and add some jelly.The pastries are also really good. The mini Pineapple Upside Down cake is delicious and not too sweet. Their brownies are some of the best I've had from a to-go food place. The chocolate chip cookies (get them in the bag) are so good, I'm curious how they get them to be that good.I'm a die hard Panera fan and I recommend you go because there are options for everyone.
4	Great place. Great atmosphere. Great food. Coffee leaves something to be desired however. And there is an unfortunate lack of electrical outlets. Laptoppers, beware!
4	I've always enjoyed Panera since they first showed up on campus many years ago on John Street.  I prefer patronizing the paces off campus where you can get seats.  On campus, students take up space doing homework while diners walk around looking for seats.  The food is good.  The sandwichs are interesting and tasty.  The soups are mostly good, especially in a bread bowl.  Salads are also tasty and you can mix and match the sandwich, soup, and salads.  The Mediterranean Veggie is a fav, but the consistency of its assembly leaves much to be desired.  Sometimes it's sloppily slapped together and may be missing an ingredient or have a small amount of it.  The Baked Potato soup is quite good.  The seasonal Wild Mushroom soup is awesome.  They've had some other great soups on occasion, like Fire Roasted Corn.  The bagel selection is good but they're really nothing like New York bagels.  More bread than bagel.  The breads are excellent and the bakery items decadent.  Great Bear Claws and Danish and the Cobblestones are pretty good, though sometimes dry.  The Cinnamon Rolls are good in the centers but the outer edges are usally dry.
3	Went by after work (which isn't that late, around 5pm) to pick up some bagels for breakfast, and discovered that this location closes at 3pm. I could have sworn that I've had dinner at Panera before, so it must be a quirk of this particular one.
1	I went in to get some cupcakes but there were flies sitting all over the cakes and scones ... I lost my appetite and left the place. They should at least have a plastic cover for all of the pastries like Atlanta Bread. It was disgusting... Sanitary issueeeee
2	This may be a concern that relates to all Panera Bread locations so keep that in mind. Generally it seems that Panera puts decent food out. My complaint is the constant implication that they are all about healthy eating when they offer a single item on the menu that is vegan and it is only sporadically on the menu. The Black Bean soup is supposed to be vegan and is the only thing - other than a small side salad or an apple - that is a vegan meal. My issue other than the fact that there is no selection is that the Black Bean Soup is only on the menu certain days and not always reliably. Thus, it isn't worth going in to even try the place.  I raised the issue with an employee and she said they are "working on it." That is pretty far behind the times and how hard is it to put a few more vegan items or to offer the one you have consistently? This is not generally and overall a healthy place to eat and really tries to make it look like it is. I hope someday they catch up and offer some vegan choices and more vegetarian fare also.
3	The paninis are generally the best sandwiches to order. Overall, this place is fairly average. You get a pretty solid sandwich if you're hungry.
3	I would give it four or five stars if it weren't for the terrible customer service. Some of the employees are okay, but many of the employees on the registers are unfriendly and cold. Paneras are known for their friendly and welcoming workers, but this location shows otherwise.
