5	Was here on the grand opening night and it was fantastic! A toast & cheer on your grand official opening. Congratulations & best wishes.
2	My experience at Marbella was for their VIP tasting event.  Great service, yummy sangria, but the food....  I gotta say, I wasn't impressed.  Yes, they only served about 7 different dishes, so maybe I just got tired of seeing the same plates passed around.  Then again, there are tapas restaurants where I could literally eat 4 orders of the same item and be in Heaven.  Marbella, not so much.  Don't get me wrong, there were some good points.  The decor is clean, open and inviting.  The bar was lively and fun.  The staff were all on their best behavior.  Not to mention, the sangria was some of the best I've had.  But, for me, I go to a restaurant for the food.  At the end of the day, that's what it's all about.  So if the food doesn't knock my socks off, then I won't consider it next time around.  I do have to give Marbella props, though.  They seemed very open to receiving input from patrons.  They handed out a take-home menu to everyone, and emphasized that the menu will evolve as time goes on.  I would've given them my honest opinion about the food, but I was at a table with 5 acquaintances and really didn't feel like getting into it.  That's why I'm on Yelp now, so hopefully Marbella is reading this.Out of the menu items I tried, I do have to compliment them on the empanadas and the... the fried thing with cheese.  Man, I forget the name now.  Oh, and the chorizo thing that looked like a bagel bite: that was good. The chicken lollipops were okay for my taste, but about half my table didn't like them.  Other than that, nothing else stood out.  So with a 50% success rate on the food, I might give it another shot in the future.  I'm interested to see how the restaurant progresses.
2	Marbella, a Spanish tapas restaurant, just opened in October.  Great location in the former Ruth's Chris @ Flamingo & Arville.  Not much has changed.  It still looks about the same.  I checked this spot out with my friend for Happy Hour, which is 50% of apps.  We ordered 3 apps & a couple glasses of wine each.   I have to give the apps 2 thumbs down for complete lack of flavor.  If you come here stick to the drinks.  The food just isn't good.  On the upside, they are new and have time to improve.  If you want to delight your taste buds with tastylicious tapas, Firefly is still the go to spot.
5	...really GREAT place!it has the energy from the old ruth chris, (which was previously housed @this location on west flamingo), with a nightclub/lounge feel!great happy hour, (4pm to 7pm), and reverse happy hour, starting @11pm! foodie food!
5	I happened to be in Vegas not too long after this place opened up.  Having spent some time in Southern Spain, I was definitely looking forward to trying this place out.  If you sign up for text alerts on their website, you can get some pretty decent discounts.  I got the two-for-one unlimited tapas deal.  The tapas are very tasty and the service is very good.  Our waiter had a good sense of humor.  We even got a complimentary tapa on top of all the stuff we ordered.  The sangria was very refreshing.  I would definitely hit this place up again.
1	Good service, decor is OK, food is just not good. There are probably 10 places in town for better tapas. Would never waste my time going back.
4	Marissa is awesome!  Food was not the most authentic I've had but the atmosphere and service were fabulous.  I'll be back, I'll just away from the lobster bisque.
4	We went to Marbella because we are locals and just happen to see it while driving by, and always looking for a new tapas place besides Firefly. We were a little concerned when we first walked in because we were the only customers. We quickly learned that the place has only been open 2 weeks. The atmosphere was beautiful with soft lighting and great lounge music playing. Our waiter was very nice and accommodating when we asked if there was any way he could find a candle for our table! We ordered four different appetizers just to get a taste of what would be our favorites. The shrimp ceviche was the best I've ever had and the calamari had the most incredible sauce! The only one we didn't really care for were the empanadas. The owner came over and presented us with 2 free signature drinks, the Marbella kiss, and introduced himself and thanked us for coming, which we thought was really nice!! All in all, great atmosphere, great location (right next to the palms) great service, and really good food! I say this is one local restaurant we should support!
4	I wish more people knew about this place! Every time I go in its almost empty! But the food is great and reasonable priced. I strongly recommend a pitcher of red sangria to go with the tapas. The staff was very nice and the overall ambiance of the place was relaxing! I've been bringing my friends here for the past month to spread the word!
4	Delicious little hidden treasure.  If you are looking for an eating establishment where virtually everything on the menu is a must-try? Where the bartenders are not just your average drink slingers but true mixologists? Then Marbella is your place!Why the less than 5 stars you ask? Because its in a strip mall on busy flamingo. Lame reason perhaps but traffic and poor curb appeal can be huge reasons for some to want to skip trying some place new all together.All in all the food (just about all if it) was delicious and if the mood calls for tapas with zero location restrictions, I'll be happy to visit Marbella again.
5	Delicious food, comfortable vibe. I need to hire the interior designer who decorated this establishment. #amazing #kanyeI saw this beautiful girl here. I can't get her out of my mind, WOW! I think about the girl all the time, wow wow!The problem was I had a girlfriend at the time. Who's now an ex of mine. She used to wear all these short skirts that really attracted me. The problem was the girl from Marbella was more attractive and all she wore was t-shirts.I knew this because when I played football, I'd look back and pretend to wave at my girlfriend, who was a cheerleader. But really, I'd look past her and see the girl from Marbella on the bleachers.I've been trying to find love but I realized, that what I was looking for has been there the whole time.I now see, and she's the one that understands me. She's been there all along. I finally see. I belong with her. I belong with her.So I left my girlfriend and dated the girl from Marbella. We were walking in the streets. This is embarrassing to say, but I was wearing worn-out jeans. I looked into her eyes, and I couldn't help myself and told her this is how it ought to be. We laughed on the park bench and I thought to myself, "Hey isn't this easy..."Anyways, if it wasn't for Marbella I would have never had dated Taylor Swift. I highly recommend it here.I'm so excited for the Re-grand-opening. This Sunday, I'm stoked.Better than Passion of the Christ and I'll admit it's better than Lethal Weapon 4.
5	Great atmosphere, inexpensive, delicious tapa and great drinks. I'm so excited for this place to re-grand-open this Sunday! July 22nd open bar from 6-10 I hear? This place is fun! See ya thurrrrr
5	Very easily 5 stars...Chef Beltran is great, the GM is very courteous, the music hits the spot, the food is unique and satisfying, the restaurant is beautiful,what else can you ask for?  Do yourself a favor and order the boneless baby back ribs.  I didn't even realize it was boneless when I ordered this, and I didn't even realize it when the ribs actually came to the table, because they were all intact.  What a pleasant surprise when you put your fork in it.  Delicious barbeque without the mess so you don't have to embarrass yourself by your date!The other winners were the fatoush salads (a nice middle eastern complement to the Spanish cuisine) calamari, manchego mac n cheese, lamb sliders, but... the second best dish (after the ribs of course) was the Ahi Tuna Daurade.  Different take on ahi tuna, due to it's peppery crust.  Perfection.Desert, I would go with coconut flan.  All made from scratch deserts, like everything else on the menu.  Chef Beltran is the man, not only a wonderful chef to talk with, but a wonderful different take on Spanish tapas.  Loving the middle eastern influence in his dishes.Thank you and your wonderful restaurant for a very pleasant experience.  Thank you for showing us around.  And thank you for letting us stay late, that's what service should be all about.
5	We ate here after finding a deal on eBay through Vegas4locals. We ate dinner on Saturday night, 9/8/12. Our server was attentive, and the food was served quickly. The prices were reasonable, and the red wine Sangria was yummy. It was a bit of a trek for us because we had never ventured off the Strip before, but it was worth the short taxi ride, and after dinner we walked over to the Palms. I hope Marbella's business picks up and they are able to stay around for years to come - it was a nice dinner experience.
4	This is yet another tapas place that has recently popped up in Vegas.   I was intrigued being that they are in the old Ruth's Chris building and I was assuming it would be nice inside.  It is nice inside although they managed to make it a little uglier by adding a lot of unnecessary fake flower/plant things on the walls...still a nice environment though. Yay for a free drink with a Yelp Check-in!The food  was good.  Our table was happy with everything we tried.  The favorites were the fried brussel sprout leaves, boneless baby back ribs, and piquillo peppers with crab meet.The sangria was better than average, but not the best around...and I tend to judge tapas places harder than a normal bar since they are supposed to exceed here.
5	Unbelievably great mix of food and atmosphere. Easily 5 stars. The GM and our server Chancy were very friendly and made our experience here memorable. The chef has recipes that will excite anyone's taste buds. Highly recommend the boneless baby back ribs, brussel sprouts, cucumbers and yogurt, blackened ahi and the cheesecake. Simply put, a great dining experience, a must try.
5	We had a lovely time here on a recent Sunday night. The staff was attentive and helpful. The food was delicious. I love Tapas and they did them well.Don't be afraid to try anything. Some of the seemingly most unusual choices were the best in my opinion: The cauliflower is a tasty side dish, I loved the Lamb Sliders, and I enjoyed the creamy thickness of the yogurt and cucumbers, too. We liked everything we tried, including the desserts.It is so refreshing to get off the Strip and find a good place, and Marbella should be on your list. It's in a great location on Flamingo (so, not far from everything). This should be the recharge place for locals after partying on the Strip or visitors who are tired of the noise and crowds. And, I cannot believe the kitchen is open until 3 am. Try it! -easy parking or a short cab ride.
4	Excellent service, nice atmosphere and yummy tapas.  And the Groupon coupon made it even better.
4	Took the family here last night. (Saturday night) Our son has just started learning Spanish and we thought it would be fun and a good way for him to engage in the language. The restaurant is beautiful and authentic looking but nobody is from Spain :0( they had a guy playing the piano, fresh flowers and the staff were lovely and welcoming but they couldn't speak Spanish. We started in the bar with a pitcher of their Sangria which was fantastic, its our first time at a Tapas Bar so we didn't really know what to expect or order, anyway we asked for some help and the server was helpful, we  tried a mix of stuff, everything was really really good, fresh and full of flavor. We had the seafood Paella which was very nice,  but nothing like what we have had in Spain. We are from Europe and in our opinion this is more like a Mexican restaurant than Spanish, but in saying that we still enjoyed the food as it was very tasty. The customer service was excellent, we met the owner Rosa and the Chef, they were all very friendly, the poor waiter who we bugged all night with iHolas that only got louder as we got down to the bottom of the pitcher! (damn it was strong) We had fun, the kids had fun, we will go back :0) Good Job Marbella ......nearly forgot Thanks for the comp birthday cakes and icecream and candles......very nice touch. See you again soon.
5	What a nice time.  I heard about it first through Groupon, read the other reviews, and had to try.  From the first experience it was remarkable.  The hostess was a treat, she was so warm and inviting, it was like "sunshine",  The service was responsive, yet not over bearing.  The food was very good, and not over priced.If any negative...I would like a bit more description on the menu, as I had several questions, and the server did not even know what some things were.  He did go and get descriptions from the chef.Just saw another Groupon, and although I just went last week, I jumped on it.Check it out...  it's worth it.
5	The red sangrias were delicious! My friend had a Vesper Rose and thought it was wonderful as well. The brussel sprouts were tasty, and quite different from any preparation I've ever had of them. They seemed to be roasted due to the earthy caramelized flavor, and the almonds were a nice addition. The crab stuffed piquillo peppers were delectable! I always appreciate a tasteful contrast in flavors and textures and these bites didn't disappoint. The pepper was sweet and soft, the crab was salty and smooth and the drizzle of sauce lent a spicy punch to top it off. The fresh ceviche was served on a tostilla round and was swooped up quickly! The chicken kabobs were generously seasoned in Mediterranean spices and the meat was surprisingly juicy. My favorite of the night would have to be the empenadas! The cheese and Spanish chorizo married wonderfully in the hot crispy dough. They were crispy, gooey, spicy yumminess! The staff were all welcoming and attentive. It's always nice to see people genuinely enjoying what they're doing, and it was very apparent here that they do!
4	It's my second visit here so let me give you a rundown of my second visit. First off, the service was a little awkward. Not sure how else to explain it.. and it didn't seem very up there, I guess. I don't know. After awhile, we got the hang of our server, though. He was friendly :). It was just a bit awkward in the beginning, haha. Another server tried to take our unfinished dishes away after we said, "just leave it." I guess she just simply misunderstood us, though. No biggie.Small plates are $6 each.Marbella French Fries - These were pretty good.  I'd get them again.2 Tacos Chicken or Beef - I got beef and they weren't too shabby.Medium plates are $9 each.Boneless Baby Back Ribs - there's just something off about this.Manchego Mac 'n Cheese - if you're a mac & cheese person, I guess. My friend ordered this and I don't usually eat mac and cheese so I'm not sure if this is up to par or not :b.Large plates are $16 each.Lamb Chops - These were delish. I probably wouldn't pay $16 for them but they were pretty good nonetheless.We also ordered the Paella de Marisco (half order) but the rice was very undercooked and I barely touched it. It just wasn't that good.For desserts, we got the Torta de Chocolate and that was YUMMY!!! I would most definitely get that again!! :D It has walnuts in it so beware if you're not a nuts person!Check-in for a complimentary red sangria!
4	I came here with a Groupon and Yelp just happened to be having an event there that night as well.  Alas, Yelp has not seen fit to invite me to their shindigs, so I was exiled to the main dining area. Its quite a nice dining area, and there were a couple of paintings I'd love to steal. The food was good and I liked being able to taste a wide variety of things. This was my first time to a tapas place, it was a nice change. I didn't really care for the sangria, though that seems to be their special. They were nice enough to improvise me a coconut martini that wasn't on the menu.
1	went for dinner on a Tuesday about 5:30.....place was empty.  We ordered a pitcher of red sangria.  first thing we had was the shrimp ceviche....it was good...came with like 6 chips had to ask for more.  Next came patatas bravas....they were just slightly warmer than room temp....sent them back the second order was much better.  Next was the mac & cheese....some of the shells were actually cold....sent them back. we were brought back the same dish....just reheated.  Next was the chorizo and filet stuffed mushrooms.....three mushrooms on the plate....one was under cooked....one was over cooked....not sure about the 3rd one.....if there was any filet in it we couldn't find it....again not hot enough....the cheese on top was hard.  And now for the thing that really sent me over the edge....the pitcher of sangria....when I went to refill our glasses I noticed a HUGE crack/chip on the pitcher.  We talked to a woman who I'm guessing was the manager....she took the wine and the mac & cheese off of our bill...you would think for a fairly new place she would have comped our check and invited us back...she didn't and we wont be back...and I will tell all my friends.  If you are looking for good tapas....stick with Firefly*  cant go wrong there!
5	This place was just fucken amazing. The place itself was just beautiful just beautiful. The food was to die for and it could not have been tastier and fresher. Service is what I am all about and our server just blew us out of water. CHANCY( cute blond ) just went over the top to deliver us exceptional service. I will be back here the next time I am  in Vegas.
2	The food isn't horrible, but it's pretty underwhelming compared to the other options for Spanish fare in this town. The prices are also a tad out of whack. For example, the Chorizo / Filet stuffed Mushrooms are a "medium plate" and cost $9.00, but what you get are three mushrooms smaller than a golf ball. I don't know how the waitress dropped it on the table with a straight face. The service was polite, but definitely slow paced. (This, in and of itself, isn't a bad thing --just something you should know before coming in.)
4	Good food, nice atmosphere, great service! We purchased a Groupon for $40 and it was enough to cover our meal and 1 drink each with a bill of only $7 (plus tip, of course.) The star dish was the Brussels sprouts! I know, weird. I love them, my husband usually hates them, but we both agreed these were the best dish of the night. They peel the leaves off and bake them like kale chips...so good!! We also had the shrimp ceviche which was good...just the right amount of spice. I had the mac n cheese, which was pretty good. I think I'm spoiled by my own recipe. My husband had the beef skewers, which he said were good. He upgraded to the "Marbella fries" but we're thinking maybe they forgot to upgrade...they tasted like regular old fries. We both had the red sangria, which was good. I'm giving 4 stars for the customer service and atmosphere. Our server was very attentive and the owner came over to see how our meal was. Our server also told us that there are 2 sides to the restaurant with a more lounge-y, hookah bar, DJ, salsa dancing side through some glass doors. We popped our heads in but it was early in the night so there were just a few people at the bar. This would be a fun place for a girls' night out and they also have salsa lessons on Friday nights. Can't wait to come back!
3	Make no mistake - Marbella is no Firefly. If you keep in mind this one simple rule and manage your expectations accordingly, you can have a perfectly tasty meal and a good time.After an enjoyable and rather wild Elite event, my wife and I decided to return for late-night happy hour tapas and sangria. The sangria, served in a wine decanter, doesn't come close to Firefly's but it gets the job done. It could be improved by adding lots of fresh fruit in the decanter instead of the small bit they put in the glass.The food was hit-or-miss. The chorizo empanadas were delicious, the shrimp ceviche was, well, shrimp ceviche. The gambas al ajillo was enjoyable but not as much as its Firefly counterpart. By far the biggest disappointment was the Marbella fries. They sound incredibly flavorful on the menu's description, but the actual product is a huge letdown. Perhaps it was because it was so late at night, or they had run out of fresh potatoes, but the fries were obviously a store-bought, frozen product with the barest amount of truffle oil and cheese added.Marbella is off to a good start. With some tweaks to the drinks and the food it can be a great neighborhood tapas bar.
5	The food was a solid 4 star. The one exception to this was the Ahi dish, almost the best seared ahi dish I have ever had and I have had allot. The biggest reason for 5 stars is most definitely "CHANCY"! She was awesome, even if she had lost her voice. Go to this restaurant, ask for Chancy and order Ahi. Truly a winning combo!P.S.: Chancy, hope you enjoyed the pumpkin cake!
4	We had a great girls night here!  Decided to try it out because they were on groupon.  We sat in the bar and we were practically alone.  The resturant is in the old Ruth Chris so it's very nice inside, we kinda felt bad as we were talking and having tapas and sangria & people in the dining room were probably trying to enjoy fine dining?  Small menu and it doesn't compare to firefly sorry, but still the sangria was tasty.. we tried both white and red, I preferred red.  The bartenders were awesome I have to say... we ordered pitchers of red sangria and he was nice enough to bring us samples of white.  They make the sangria in house so at least it's not from a bottle.  The food was good... more greek influences than Spanish.  Some of the favorites:  EBrussel sprouts,Lamb Sliders, Shrimp Ceviche, Steak Kabobs, Gambas al ajillo, EmpanadasWhen the DJ came on we ended up staying and had a great time.  A new bartender Brandon came on shift and he was awesome!  Very friendly and took care of us.  Overall I like that it's not as crowded as Firefly and close to home for me... I will be back
4	I finally had a chance to try this restaurant the other day, redeeming my $20 for $40 Groupon in the process.  I definitely agree with a lot of the reviews, and this place gives Firefly a run for its money.I arrived at 5:05pm, and the doors were still locked even though they open at 5pm.  A girl came to the door and opened them, and I asked if we were ok to eat, yet.  She said yes and seated us, asking us 20 questions in the process.  "Table or bar?"  "How'd you hear about us?"  "What do you want to drink?" I told her about Groupon & Yelp, and she told us she was famous on Yelp.  Her name was Chancy, and looking at the page now, I see she's right.  Definitely a good attitude for a server, as I gave her shit for all of the questions, and she gave me shit right back for complaining about the questions.I asked for her top 3 favorite items on the menu after the standard "everything's good here" and she recommended the brussel sprouts, the piquillo peppers with crab meat, and the boneless baby back ribs.  We got all three along with the ahi tuna daurade, a small paella, and the lamb sliders.  All items were excellent, with my favorite being the ahi tuna.Our bill for the 3 of us was around $75-$80 before the Groupon, but I feel like we had more food than we needed.  Seems like it's slightly more than Firefly, but the food came out fast fast fast, so definitely worth it in my opinion.I guess they also have happy hour, and they're open til 3am, so there's a few other pluses in there, too!
3	This restaurant is much nicer and more upscale than one might expect given its location in a scruffy shopping plaza.  We started off at the bar nursing glasses of red sangria while enjoying the music of Spanish guitarist Ricardo Griego.  The sangria was excellent and free courtesy of two coupons I printed off the Vegas4Locals website.  After listening to him sing and play several songs, we moved into the beautifully decorated dining room where we ordered the following:1) cheese and chorizo empanadas - light and flavorful (3 Forks)2) piquillo peppers stuffed with crab - small portion considering the price (3 Forks)3) lamb sliders - a bit dry due overcooking, but otherwise delicious (4 Forks)4) cucumber and yogurt with toasted pita chips - refreshing (2.5 Forks)5) boneless pork ribs - a cloying BBQ sauce and a bit tough (2.5 Forks)We used a $40/$20 Groupon plus the aforementioned coupon good for free sangrias.  After seeing some of the photos on yelp, I am planning to go return and order a paella.
4	Arrived at 630 on a friday and were seated right away. Staff was attentive and polite.The calamari and epanadas were awesome, the fish tacos and paella were mediocre.  I have been to firefly, and honestly the food here isnt quite firefly level.4 stars for decent food, fantastic service and good ambience .
4	Diane was the grand raffle winner at a recent Las Vegas Yelp Elite party here.  So, armed with a $50 gift certificate, we arrived with friends.  And, Diane will also be receiving a private cooking lesson from Executive Chef Marco Beltran very soon.As at the party, smooth Hummus made with Tahini and ladled onto Pita Chips was a nice start, accompanied by very good Fried Calamari cooked with peppers.  A cold Shrimp Ceviche was excellent.  And, a cheese-covered Onion Soup was real rich in flavor, and had well-caramelized onions, but was somewhat winey in taste.  Caesar Salad was very good, with a nice crunch to it.My entree of a full order of Paella Valenciana, with chicken, Valencia Rice, saffron, chorizo, and bell peppers was good but I didn't notice any green beans in it as advertised, and the chicken was overdone.  Thin French Fries were very good, and others at my table enjoyed their well-prepared steaks.A dessert of Torta de Chocolate topped by Vanilla Ice Cream and Chocolate Sauce, with strawberry slices on one side of a moist warm Brownie, and pieces of pineapple on the other, was an excellent end to our meal.The restaurant's ambiance of lush contemporary decor amid Spanish music with a flamenco beat was both elegant and comfortable, while the service was amiable, very efficient, and unobtrusive.  As a special plus, right after meal's end Chef Marco emerged from the kitchen to warmly greet us.4-1/2 stars overall!
2	The food here is simply not good.  As some of the other reviews note; this is nowhere near the same level as Firefly.  The only thing that was good was the chorizo empanada.  Other than that the food was lackluster.  The shrimp tastes like it was overcooked, or that they bought shrimp that was precooked already.  The seafood paella was horrible, the rice was hard, not al-dente, but hard.  The calamari in it was crusty and dry like it was sitting out, and the shrimp was not head on shrimp as described, but yet again the precooked/overcooked shrimp.The service was good, and our server was very nice.  As for the ambiance, it was more tacky trying to be classy than upscale as I expected, lots of cheap fake plants everywhere.  I'm lucky I came on the Groupon, because the poor quality of food is not worth the list price on the menu.
2	I found this place on groupon and when I walked in I thought the place was nicely put together, even though the person did not sound too polite when I made my reservation over the phone. Food was blend and over priced. $9 for 3 little stuffed mushrooms. The buns on the lamb sliders were burnt. I've had better. Water was not refilled even once during dinner. Will not go back ever again. The only reason they even got two stars is because the place looked nice.
3	I've been wanting to try this restaurant since i saw the chef do a cooking demonstration at Whole Foods, which included Shrimp Ceviche and Manchego Mac & Cheese.  Both were delicious.I came here on a Tuesday night around 6:30. There were about 8 people in the entire restaurant, which is large and elegantly decorated.  We were seated immediately by the hostess.  Once we sat, the waiter introduced himself and asked if we wanted a drink.  I ordered Cava and my husband a glass of red wine.  The selection by the glass was simple but well thought out.  According to the waiter there was some "technical difficulties" with our drinks.  I am not quite sure since there were only eight people in the entire restaurant and should not be hard for a bartender to pop a cork or to use a corkscrew. Nonetheless, we got our drinks after our first tapa.I like the format of the menu, offering small, medium, and large plates, which cost $6, $9, and $16 respectively.  The price points encourage diners to try several dishes, but if you are not the mood to share most of the medium plates are sizeable enough to be a single persons meal.  In addition, the menu offers charcuterie platters and paella.   The first several tapas started off promising, but my husband and I both felt the beef dishes were over cooked, using tough (cheap) meat, and even came out cold.  The chorizo and cheese empanadas were good, but hey, anything fried is good, however, not very "chorizoey".  The beef tacos were OK... little dry and bland, a dish I would pass on next time if I ever go back.  The Gambas al Ajillo was probably the best dish, but white shrimp does lack flavor and overall there was no heat to the dish despite chili oil in the ingredient.  The steak kabobs either was missing or didn't have enough red wine demi to counteract the dry, chewiness of the meat.   The carne asada salad was a decent portion, but again the meat with dry and chewy, Luckily, I had the dressing to add moisture.According to the chef during the Whole Food demonstration, the desserts were made in-house, so my husband ordered the coconut flan.  My husband said it was, "superb", so I had a bite...it was definitely well made and definitely the highlight of the meal.Will I go back, probably not.  However, in all fairness,  I do think there were so many more "signature" dishes I didn't try, which could have potentially swayed me to feel differently.  Some other reviewers are comparing Marbella to Firefly's, which I don't think it is a equal comparison, but if you think it is, Marbella has won that comparison hands down.
4	Very cool decor and ambiance make this new restaurant a great place to enjoy some tapas and drinks with friends. Located west of the Palms, this restaurant packs a diverse menu, happy hour choices and yummy spanish dishes for you to enjoy. I visited this place to see some friends play live music and, although the place was almost empty (not a happening place (yet) on a saturday night), I think if they stay on the right path customers/business will definitely come. Here the play-by-play.Service: Showed up at about 9:30 and was greeted as I sat in the bar area. I had a server come over and offer me a drink, and since I received a free sangria by checking in, that is what I ordered. Server was very attentive, cordial and knowledgeable about the menu! I ordered a tomato mozzarella salad per my server's recommendation and it was pretty good.Food and Beverage: The barman was nice enough to let me try both the white and red sangria before making my decision, but I am saddened to say neither was anything to write home about. The sangria seemed bland and tasted a bit watered down so do NOT order it. My friends ordered cocktails which looked like they were mixed generously. The tomato-mozzarella I ordered was great and all the ingredients tasted incredibly fresh, and the rest of the menu offers some yummy-looking dishes for $7,$8 or $9 according to plate size-- pretty awesome pricing structure.General opinion: COME SUPPORT THIS LOCAL RESTAURANT. I will certainly be back to try some of the other dishes and experience lunch or dinner soon!
4	Absolutely great tapas if u don't mind waiting 45 mins get the paella love it. Gotta try...and the server Dominic is the best
4	Came in here with my wife with a Groupon. Our server had asked us if we had ever had a sangria and we told her that we never had. She brought us out 2 samples each. Really nice. We placed our orders and sat and waited. The Marbella fries were nothing special, but once I got my seafood paella it was wonderful. I thought that it was the best thing I had tried in a long time. So many wonderful flavors. After the food was served our waitress was hard to get back to the table. Paying the check was as difficult. That was a turn off, but I will be back because that paella was delish!
2	I got a groupon to Marbella a while ago, and I was excited to finally use it. A friend and I came in to eat dinner at 6 on a Sunday; it wasn't too busy. We were seated and given the menu. We then waited about 5-10 minutes for water, and then another 10 minutes for our order (I wasn't sure who our waiter was, so I just asked after a while a lady to take our order). The food was fantastic! We ordered the shrimp ceviche, lamb sliders, shrimp kabobs, and Brussel sprouts (which were the best I ever had). We then decided to order two more items to complete the groupon. She ordered the Greek salad without feta (she's allergic) and I ordered the calamari. The salad came out with small bits of feta on it, so I decided to just take that home. After another 15 minutes of waiting, I asked our waitress to just wrap up the calamari to take home as well. I got home and was excited to have a piece or two of the calamari- open the box and its a melty chocolate ice cream mess. Specifically didn't ask for dessert, and now I am craving calamari :-(Great food, but unfortunately the service left something to be desired.
5	I've been to Marbella several times prior to last night. Typically indulging in some delicious Brussels Sprouts, Cheese Chorizo Empanadas, Chicken Kabob and a Cheesecake to die for.Last night got real busy at Marbella with several people who made a scene and disturbed others. People who made reservations had to hear the inappropriate grief of others who had to wait since they didn't make any reservations. People with that type of deemer can really ruin the experience for others.I ended my night on my third delicious sangria and a full tummy. Expect me back, I still have to try several items on the menu. Love you Marbella
5	This place was awesome, I had the cheese chorizo empanadas and the chicken kabobs. Very impressed. Expect me back.
5	Three of us had tapas in the bar at 6:30 on Friday night.  We ordered a combination of seven small and medium dishes and eight drinks.  The bill for all was a very reasonable $107.  Our favorite dishes were the Brussel Sprouts, Chicken Kabob, Patatas Bravas and Serrano Ham Plate, but the Crispy Chicken, Mini Taquitos, and Fish Tacos were also excellent and more than we could finish.  Service in the bar was good, but even the waitress from the dining room came by to speak with us as did the owners.  We particularly enjoyed the fabulous Flamenco guitarist, Ricardo Griego.  Altogether, this was a satisfying and enjoyable evening.  We will return!
1	Bad. We took my grandmother to introduce her to tapas. The menu was good and the prices were agreeable. But the service, oh the service! Our food came out pretty late and wasn't flowing like tapas normally does. We got the fries and the noodles first, then waited 15 minutes for the peppers... Then waited 15 minutes for the macaroni. Think, though, that we have a table of 4. The ceviche wasn't too great and the food appeared to have been waiting for a while when we got it.  The guac with the fish tacos had started to brown a little. We didn't even get two of our items. And it took another 15 minutes to get that written off our tab, then to get the check. And we had to ask 4 times...I'd really like to give this place another shot. But the service might have killed it for me.Oh, and regardless of the amount of customers, please don't make excuses. There were other tables looking around for servers and the party didn't have any servers in there either. I'm wondering if people called out or if the service is more of a problem than just with us.
3	Menu ordered:Sangria.                              3/5Shrimp Ceviche                 2/5Brussel Sprouts.                1/5Paella de Marisco.            1/5Torta de Chocolate.          4/5Total F&B score                 44%Staff  Service.                     5/5Cleanliness of bathroom  n/aAmbiance-romantic.          5/5Total Service                      100%Overall (F&B 60% + SVC40%)  66.4%                                 I am a little confused what type of cuisine is this.  It's more Mexican than Spanish after tasting the food. Food and Drink Critics:The SANGRIA is very different taste from real Spain Sangria that I have ever tasted in Spain, but not too bad.  It has its own unique characters.SHRIMP CEVICHEThe cilantro in  this dish was a bit too strong which makes it more southern America style.   The fried banana was not salted evenly.   FRIED CALAMARI was hot but greasy and soggy.  Ranch sauce was too runny and not cold enough.  FRIED BRUSSEL SPROUTS was too greasy and not fried evenly. PAELLA DE MARISCO was overpowering with red pepper.   The burned taste of the red pepper took over the whole dish.  The flavor of the seafood was did not came out in this dish at all.  The seafood was probably put into the oven and cooked at the same time with the rest of the dish.  As the result of the main concept of the seafood didn't come out as nicey as it should have been in compares to the real Spanish ones.  The rice was more like a undercooked risotto the. The real Spanish rice.TORTA DE CHOCOLATEIf you like bitter choloclate, you may like this desert.  The combination between the hot cake top with a scoop of venilla ice cream with some fresh fruit was  a balance taste to it.  However, I am not a huge coconut fan, somehow, this desert reminded me of a German chocolate cake was a bit of a minus point for me.   STAFF SERVICE:The service at this establishment was outstanding.  The staff was attentive and patienly asking for our opinions.  We gave the above critisim to them and they promise to bring our critisim to their chef.  AMBIANCE:There was a life music performance playing in the background.  It can be a real fun place to be for a group party or a dating choice.  This place has nice dining area and a bar area with high chairs with tv.    OVERALLI enjoy this relaxing nicely decorated place like this.  In terms of food, I  am a bit critical.  I would give them a second chance to see how different it is on a more busy day.  Perhaps, the back of the house has a different chef or the cooking technique may improve.  I will give them a benenfit of doubt after my first viist.  I was here on a Thursday evening about 6:45.  The restaruant wasn't busy that night at all.  Total setting of the guests did not exceed more than 15 guests.  (converts to table count: approx. 5-6)
4	great food, great service, romantic ambiance
5	I came here once before and gave this place 4 stars, but this time it was a 5 star experience.  As far as dining goes, this is what we ordered:Fried Calamari - $9Ahi Tuna Daurade - $162 Beef Tacos - $6Lamb Beef Sliders - $9In total, the food was $40, which was perfect as I had purchased a $20 for $40 Groupon before arriving.  I had the ahi tuna last time, and I think I'll order this dish every time I dine here.  It is simply the perfect ahi tuna.  Good size, perfectly cooked and seasoned.  Honestly, it's a steal at $16.  The other dishes were delicious as well, with the jalepenos in the calamari a nice surprise, as were the sweet potato fries that came with the sliders.But the 5* experience really came from the bartender Ryan.  My buddy Tim had originally asked our server about the Riesling wines, and he didn't know the answer, so Ryan came over to chat with us.  He let Tim try two different Rieslings, and they discussed the merits of each.  When he settled on which one to get, Ryan returned with not only a glass of wine but two samplers of their sangria, the red and the white. As we ate we chatted a bit more with Ryan about scotches and specialty cocktails, and we'll definitely be coming back in to see what Ryan is capable of.
4	We came here because Debbie N Groupon was expiring and was pleasantly surprise to see how elegant this restaurant is.  Earl C got a drink so we hung out at the bar for a bit while waiting for Debbie to arrive.  While we were there, a musician on his guitar were playing many popular piece.  It was quite relaxing.When Debbie arrived, we were taken to a table by a very friendly hostess.  The booth she took us to was covered with paper, which was pretty neat.  Then came the most upbeat, friendly, informative server I have yet to encounter...Dominic.  With his suggestions, we ordered the following:Small plates:-Brussel sprouts - was fried, crispy, and tossed in a light vinaigrette.  Earl's favorite.   -Cauliflower with garbanzo, cashews and cabbage - simple but delicious.  Gives us ideas on making a side dish at home. -French fries - I always order french fries at tapas places...my own little tradition.  It was good, but I was hoping for more truffle oil... Medium dishes-Cooked for 6 days Ribs- Debbie's favorite.   There are maybe four pieces, but each was so tender and flavorful.  Very delicious.  are cooked 6 days and it becomes so tender, the meat falls off the bone, so they serve it boneless. It was tasty and a good portion for the price I think.-Gambas de ajillo-  There were medium sized shrimps, but did not meet my expectations.  Dessert-Chocolate torta - this was a warm chocolate cake with banana ice cream and walnuts.  It was ok.  Not something that I would ordered again.  Wasn't ooey gooey, but the flavor was there.Conclusion:  We would come back for the happy hours!
5	Best place we ate at during our 2 week stay in Vegas.  Service from Tanya was top notch.  Her knowledge of the menu and friendly table manor made our visit very enjoyable.  We tried many tapas with the short ribs and filet mignon our favorite.  They have an excellent salad as well as Armenian rice served with the kabobs.  The cheesecake is a must try.  Will definitely be back again.  Wish we weren't leaving today or we'd be back to try other dishes.
4	First off, as some reviews point out, this is not Firefly, so don't expect the same thing. We have been there twice now. First time we had a waiter named Rasberry who had to be one of the least attentitive waiters we have ever had. When you return to a restaurant hoping not to have the same waiter, that is not a good thing. The second time it was a girl named Chancy. What an improvement, a huge one. She was awesome. Took time to explain and recommend. We tried the empanadas and brussels, both excellent. Also had the cevich was was prety good, and a few skewers.The rice dish served as a side is excellent. I think the only thing we did not care for was the salad that comes with some meals. Th dressing is kind of bitter/tangy and there is something else in their we did not like, some spice. But all in all, a prety decent place. Much more subdued and quiet that Firefly, but fills it's own niche.
4	Absolutely amazing food and service ! Tried 5 different things , all great . Server and bartender were really helpfull and friendly . Made us a speciality shot . Definitely going back .
5	Had a great meal. Started with the house Tempernillo wine which was great. The bartender said that I had to try the Brussel Sprouts, so I did. They were crazy good!  I will come here again when I am back in Vegas.
3	Went to Marabella Tapas Bar after receiving notice of a Groupon which was $20 for $40 at this location. The atmosphere was good for a Tapas Bar in a strip mall. I would have to say the food was very good and I would go here even without a Groupon. The service is a different story, I sat in the bar area and was virtually ignored until finally Brandon (the server/waiter) came by with his unenthusiastic attitude, he never came and checked on me I had to continue to look for him when I wanted to order something else and he never smiled once, it's almost like he didn't want to be there. Overall if you can get past this particular server you will enjoy it.
4	Oh my gosh.  Went to Wine and Canvas event with my friend Amy held here.  First of all - thanks for the free sangria for checking in at Yelp.  That was awesome. :)  The white sangria is my favorite though I had both red and white.  Here's what we had:Huevos Estrallados (2 over medium eggs on chorizo string fries)Chorizo and Filet stuffed mushroomsHummus with Tahini served with pita chipsSmoked Tuna SashimiThe prices during happy hour are amazing.  For regular costs it's small plates for $6, medium plates for $9 and large plates for $16.  We didn't have any large plates but the small and medium were well portioned.  The Huevos Estrallados were TO DIE FOR.  I wish I had some right now.  The hummus was very yummy, smooth and garlic-y.  Tuna delicious and Chorizo stuffed mushrooms were lovely though you only get 3 which I thought was a little lite.  Service was ok - a bit snobby but not too bad.  Great ambiance.  I would definitely come back - the food was amazing.
2	the bf and went here for date night after we got the half off groupon. We came on a sunday night, so it wasnt very busy. we were seated and waited a little long for our drink orders to be taken. the waitress was very nice and went through the menu. We got:Brussel sprouts - it had an unexpectedly bitter flavor, almost as if it was burntcheese and chorizo empanadas - it tasted a lot like the bean and cheese burrito from taco bellgambas al ajillo - the sauce was pretty good, especially with the breadshrimp kabobs - the shrimp was so salty, it burned my lips; the salad was tossed with a ton of lime juice, so it was super sour. the rice was the best part of the entire mealpasta duo - i forgot what kind of pastas they were, but the only flavor i could taste was the from the crap load of cheese they smothered on them. bleh.i probably wont go back without a groupon. the service was pretty good, although there were a few times we were left waiting. the food was not that great, youre better off paying a similar amount for better quality over at firefly.
2	Meh about sums it up. I've had worse tapas, but I'm definitely had better. The free sangria is a great touch and the staff's nice enough, but the food is blah and the ambiance is middle of the road.
2	Came here with a travel zoo coupon during our visit to LV.   We didn't walk out of the building until 11pM. from out 8:30PM reservation.Below was our time line9:15 Fries came out cold9:20 Calamari (came out hot and tasty)9:23 Tomato sourdough (not sure what to say just sourdough and spread of tomato) , Baby ribs ( had too much sauce) 9:23 onion soup arrived. ( IT WAS VERY VERY SALTY ) that we had to return it and order something else. 9:43 steams mussel and fettuccine( again VERY SALTY) 9:55 Rib eye (was ok), Shrimp Kabob  (over cook)9:58 Cauliflower replacement of the onion soup (very tasty but too oily for my taste)10:17 Paella (NOW WE ORDER THIS PAELLA WHEN WE SAT DOWN AT 8:45) She stated it take 45min, when we ask her again it was 10pm. this was not acceptable and it was not as good at all. It was over cook. 10:43 dessert coconut flan and chocolate torta ( i think this is the only thing that they did not mess up.One of the marketing person did came by and ask how was their food and we did tell her the truth that everything on the plate was service to us was salty. Not sure if the chef had a bad day. The only thing that i give a 3 star was the waitress that was serving us that day. I think she was the only one working on friday night.
4	Great sangria! Yummy food! Nice atmosphere. Good service.
2	Marbella was one of those restaurants for me that you wanted to try, but at the same time you weren't so sure on pulling the trigger by going. Suddenly a LivingSocial appeared and it seemed that I had little to lose to try it out!Walked in and saw that it was busy! Couples everywhere, if you're one of those couples that like to make fun of the lovey dovey stuff that others do, then this is your place to be a creeper. The environment is definitely not somewhere I would eat with my dad, especially if they have instrumentals of love making songs playing. Waiting a few minutes at the hostess stand was not a big deal, it either meant they were busy touching tables... or inattentive. During my experience I had to wait less than 10 minutes on a Friday night for a table, not bad! The food was "okay", definitely did not experience any stand outs and the same applies to the Sangria. The poor service was the predominate flavor of the night. Had asked if we could upgrade the fries on the Ahi Tuna (way over seasoned and overcooked) to the Marbella fries, which we received an okay for, but alas did not happen. The ceviche did not blow any minds, edible, and a decent portion size. I'm glad that I had a LivingSocial, because if I had paid full price for what they serve as paella I would be devastated. A few other dishes were ordered, but they slip my mind.I did not see my server too often, only when she brought the menus, when she saw I didn't get the fries, promotion, and bill time. Sometime during dinner the we were informed of a Facebook promotion they had, which we had an option of getting a small plate, sangria or a desert. The bill however  showed a Facebook promotion line, but had a $0 value, thus being charged for the dessert. The server didn't believe me when I had told them they charged me, but after a few minutes, it was corrected.The disconnect from the staff and  non soul reaching food tells me I'll probably skip my next opportunities to come back.
4	yummy food. nice service but very weird being the only ones in the place... they are pretty new
5	Went here on Superbowl Sunday. The Food was great and service was amazing. was not busy at all however this gave the server more time to entertain us. will go back soon. check this place out.
5	The food was super yummy, we had great service, and the guitar player that roamed around the restaurant was amazing. We had a great date night here.
4	The lamb sliders are bomb! and i got the paella marisco it was pretty good too.. i'd definitely go back.**make sure you get the half off coupon from groupon before you go
5	I LOVE this place!!! I love their food, service, and the ambiance!! I'm a regular!! I go every weekend for their happy hour specials!! I wish more people knew about this place!! I plan on having their lamb chops tomorrow for dinner!! Their Sangria is AMAZING!!!
2	Unfortunately it didn't live up to its hype in my book. The selection wasn't extensive. We ordered the crab stuff peppers, smoked tuna, fries, steak skewers, coconut flan n chocolate cake for dessert. The crab was fishy and tasted like it was from a can, the smoke tuna was okay but not thrilling, the skewers was a bit on the burnt side, sadly the seasoned fries was the most enjoyable dish we ordered. The flan and cake were decent but not great
5	We stopped here after finding a travel zoo deal for $35 dollars.  It included 2 small plates, 2 med plates and 1 large plate plus two glasses of sangria.  I figured it would be low rent since the deal was so cheap.  Boy was I wrong!!  The food was amazing!  Manchego mac n' cheese is awesome along with the calamari. If you are in Vegas and looking for a nice, quiet place to take your lady for some quality time and great food off the strip, this is the place to go.
2	Average food for average prices.  I came here with a $30 for $15 deal from Groupon and if I was actually spending the listed price on the menu, I would definitely not be satisfied.  Since my meal was basically half off, I would say that the food was okay and well worth it, but I would not spend more than that. I ordered in total about 6 dishes worth $90 that I paid $45 dollars for, and out of all of them I only liked the calamari.  Every other dish was either meatless, tasteless, or overcooked. The restaurant was absolutely stunning and nicely decorated.  The lights were dim and perfect for a date, if the food was better.  The server was very attentive and friendly, one of the better servers I have ever interacted with.
2	Ok, it was my fault for not checking the happy hour menu on yelp. It was completely empty at 6pm for happy hour in the bar on a weekday. They were out of blue moon and out of stella artois. Sheesh, what kind of bar are these people running? Opted for water instead. Ordered every dish on the happy hour menu except for the quesadilla. Portions seemed itty bitty, unless I was just super hungry that day or it was so dark in there I couldn't see the other half of my plate. The best thing was the steak tostadas which had a sweet red cabbage slaw with it. The potatoes were good too, but they were just roasted potatoes with spices and sour cream, hm... was potato really worth $4? For not having that many customers, there was 1 other table in the bar area and 1 table in the regular restaurant area, service was S...L.... O...W. I overheard the other table and you can not combine a groupon or living social coupon with happy hour specials. It's one or the other discount. Overall, trying it once was enough.
2	Food was cold. Not like beautiful pix. Very bland and slow service on a very slow night.
4	We've been 3 times to Marbella in the last 2 months. Mainly because it's less than a mile from home & they are open late. And we are looking for an alternative to the other tapas place that has become way too popular. The good: prices are decent, service is attentive & the food is decent. Since we don't eat seafood I cannot speak for that but the chicken/steak skewers were tender & fall off the stick ; the cucumber/yogurt/jalepeno dip was smooth & creamy though for me I would have liked more cucumber/jalepeno & less yogurt but that's just me. We also had the empanadas (tasty but the crust was a little dry)  the boneless baby backs (must have) & the lamb sliders. Our last visit we ventured to the large plate selection with the tequila chicken & lamb chops. Excellent choices. Very attentive staff that kept the plates on pace. I would have liked a better variety in the small plates & dessert but as they get more popular perhaps they will expand the menu.The Bad: Their "homemade" sangria tasted, to the 3 of us, like it was poured from a bottle and sprite added. Also their bar seating is not comfortable. They only have high top tables or very low to the ground tables. the Ugly: I have to mention their website. 1st, its in flash so it eliminates iphone/ipad uses. 2nd it is dark so it is hard to read - thankfully they do have the full menu in pdf format. Why you should go: Happy hour! In the bar. The mixologist is awesome. For example, my son who is still trying to find his signature drink, told him he likes the flavors of orange & vanilla & spicy - and out came a shot with all of them. The prices are really good and there is a bar only menu that rocks. They do have entertainment. Out of the 3 times we went 2 of them had live music. not blaring speakers that deafen you but classic flamenco giving a moment that you could actually feel you weren't in a strip mall in Las Vegas. 3 people 3 times: the constants were the cocktails (minus the sangria) the service & the quality of food. Our average bill with 2 rounds  of cocktails & tip was about 120.00GREAT place to stop after a night out, and they do have decent seating for groups of 8+
1	very poor quality food
2	I had a Travelzoo deal so for $36 we got 2 glasses of wine, 2 small plates, 2 medium plates and 1 large plate or a paella.  It's still available so that would be worth getting if you're coming here because I don't think it's really worth full price.  A lot of Yelpers recommended the ribs but "dammit it if I am getting that here!" I said to myself!  I should've done that instead of the "chorizo and filet stuffed mushrooms" which were awful.  3 pieces for a retail price of $9 and it tasted like they stuffed the mushrooms with Slim Jims.  While that may sound tasty to someone who just ripped 3 hits from a bong, I wasn't down with that today.  Aside from that, everything else was meh to average.  The shrimp kabobs were a hearty portion compared to other plates so I would recommend that.  But if you're actually paying $9 for it, Shish Kabob House is right up the street and you'd get a huge meal for $1 more.The cheese and chorizo empanadas were a one and done for me.  It tasted like a below average taco sealed shut.  The boquerones which had hard boiled egg tartar, peppers, anchovies on a baguette would've been better if the bread were fresh.  The paella had a good amount of veggies and seafood in it but the sauce tasted like tomato paste out of a can.  It was very, very ketchup like. The best part was actually the chocolate torta with vanilla ice cream for dessert.  The staff was friendly and attentive and I liked the piano man singing that night.  It made for some nice ambiance.  I would consider going back but just for happy hour.  It could also be that my wife and I ordered all the wrong things and should've stuck with non-Spanish menu items like sliders, ribs and tacos.
1	I simply love tapas.  I spent a year in Spain a couple of decades ago and fell in love with the food.  Unfortunately, Julian Serrano and Jaleo, although both superb, are far beyond my budget.  I was drawn to Marbella because their website is polished and very well done, and their menu prices quite reasonable.Since I was starving when I arrived, I was happy to be seated immediately.  Because I was so hungry, I ordered a lot of different items.  And oh boy, they were all bad.  1) Patatas bravas:  potatoes looked and tasted like they had been fried early that morning then reheated, and the sauce tasted like mayo from a jar mixed with spaghetti sauce from a jar.  2) Marbella french fries: with Reggiano and black truffle oil, they sound amazing. Unfortunately, they taste like crap.  Mediocre fries, no taste of black truffle oil, and maybe three flecks of parmesan cheese, doubtful it was Reggiano.  3) Fried calamari: frozen food thrown into a deep fryer + sauce from some jar.  4) Paella de marisco: the Goya boxed paella tastes better, and I wish I were exaggerating.  Fishy, greasy, not a hint of saffron - the dish is a total disaster.  If this is authentic paella, then I'm the Prime Minister of Spain.  5) Cheese and chorizo appetizers: not good, but unlike everything else, not horrible.  Because I was so hungry and this was the only half-palatable item on the menu, I ended up getting another order.  6) Gambas al ajillo: this dish is so simple that anybody can make it well.  Except Marbella.  Despite my voracious sweet tooth, I didn't bother with dessert because I figured it would be as bad as the rest of the menu.  Now I've learned my lesson.  Either cough up the big bucks for quality, or buy a Spanish cookbook and learn to make tapas myself.  But there's no way you'll get good tapas at Marbella.
5	Love this place! It's new and kind of hidden away so I'm glad a friend told me about it. There's a bar tender whose name I can't remember but every time he asked what flavors I like he made me a great drink! Food I recommend there - the sprouts, boneless ribs, mac n cheese and all the desserts. Was a lovely night out with the girls and we'll be back!
4	We had our wedding reception planned to be held here. We were shocked and saddened to hear from the owner that they were closing their doors. We wish them all the best. Off to find a new venue!
1	This restaurant has closed. Just got a refund on my travelZoo.
1	Very disappointed in this establishment. First off, we ordered a travel zoo deal and made reservations on open table. We took two busses to get here and it took us at least an hour to get there. It was cold and the sun was going down. It's located off the strip in a low populated area. It's located in a strip mall and there were signs everywhere saying that they were open. We walked up to the door only to find a sign that stated "We are having plumbing problems and will be closed until Friday." This left us screwed because on Friday we had show tickets. We walked  a block, flagged down the next bus, and came up with improve plans for dinner. Later we called travel zoo and found out that the place had actually gone out of business. Still we had open table reservations so you would think that they would have contacted people first? Thank goodness we didn't take a taxi. I would have been pissed if we would have spent $60 bucks round trip to go to a place that had shut down.
2	If you want the best Marbella experience, visit their beautifully designed website, and then stop there. Marbella crafts perfectly mediocre, unimaginative tapas. I have been here thrice and do not foresee a fourth visit - although, the stuffed mushrooms were enjoyable enough. The paella was particularly bad (dry and tasteless). The service and decor are both passable. To be safe, just pass on this place all together.
5	Went here earlier this year with a travel zoo deal (same deal mentioned in comments below). We had a very enjoyable experience there. The food was pretty delicious. Don't remember much but think we had chorizo, tacos, tilapia, chicken skewers, grilled veggies, cheesecake and their sangria. The mood was nice...soft band in the background, booths were spacious, the lights were little too dark though but i dont know if its just my eyes that suck. But what sealed the deal was our waitress; she was so kind and cheerful that it made the experience perfect. I don't remember her name though.
2	HORRIBLE SERVICE, good food, cheap prices, but damn management needs to do an overhaul on this place ASAP or it'll end up like Ruth Chris
