5	Best Chinese Food I've ever had! Fast and friendly service as well!
4	Color me shocked, but this is at least "Pretty Good China" (though not OMG AMAZING CHINA).At the end of a lone strip mall in Harrisburg, I stopped in one Saturday night with my family in tow (chinese is always a treat for us when we're all rarely together). Feeling very "Chinese restaurant in a strip mall", we were seated and waited on by a tall Asian gentleman whose motto was obviously "be seen but not heard" - cool with me, though hard to ask questions! Booths and tables are abundant here, so I'd be shocked if there was ever a wait and it seemed the take out business was booming here. Mom and I always love the spicy, while my brother and sister always do the ol' standby meals, so we got a great sampling of what Best China could do.Mom and I split the crab ragoons and these were my personal highlight. Crisp, lots of "crab", and a great tangy duck sauce all made for these babes to rock our taste buds.I had the General Tofu extra spicy and was impressed that it really WAS extra spiced. A nice fry, a bit too much sauce and enough tofu to last for 3 meals. Portions are huge here! Mi madre had the General Chicken and ate almost every bite (quite the feat for a 5 foot tall, 100 lb woman!). Brother and sister had the sesame chicken and sweet and sour chicken, respectively. Both were really good - quality, good sauce, good flavors, huge portions.With a few Best Chinas around town, I'd definitely stop in again!
1	Have you ever eaten somewhere that the experience was just so bad, that you had to try it again to make sure it wasn't just you?  Then when you went back, it was exponentially worse?  Then about a year later,  you decided 'What the heck, let's give them one more shot!' only to have an experience that was even worse?  This makes you an idiot.  And you have company, my friend.I should have known the first time I went to Best China, when I asked if I could have the pork-fried rice without onions, I was told to just pick them out.  At first, I thought that the very, very quiet man was just joking.  He was not.  Experience went downhill from there.The next time, the entire order was wrong and had onions in everything when I asked for no onions.  We just smiled and laughed about it afterwards.Tonight...  I went in before the rest of the family and tried to order drinks and the conversation went like this:Me:  "Do you have Sierra Mist?" Quiet man:  "No."Me:  "What do you have?"Quiet man: "Soda"Me:  "What kind of soda?"Quiet man: "Sprite."Me (grinning) "...ooookay, I will have one of those.  Do you have juice?Quiet man: "No."Me (grinning again):  "I will just have 3 waters then for the family and one Sprite."Quiet man turns and leaves.  Brings back Sprite only.  We see later that they carry pink lemonade.Pork skewers arrive 10 minutes before anything else arrives at the table looking like they were put on the fire 2 months ago- and never left.  They were charred beyond any recognition.  The food that did finally arrive was, let's just say "not good".California has the "3 Strike" rule.  Baseball has the "3 Strike" rule.  I should get benched from dining out for making the completely idiotic choice to give them the third opportunity.Best China...  Maybe they put out their Best China, but with the dishes that are served on them, they might want to just consider paper plates.
2	I used to really enjoy getting takeout from this location. Lately the store has become a little rundown and the service (especially when ordering over the phone) is really lacking, to the point of being rude.
4	The food is reasonablly priced and always comes out hot. We've never had a bad meal.
4	Had a delicious late lunch/early dinner here last week with a companion. (Around 4 or 5 p.m.)I've been searching for good Chinese food in Charlotte for many years. I've found a few and I'm happy to add this one to the list.We were seated promptly and our drink orders were taken and brought out right away.  (We ordered hot tea.)For our meal, I had the shrimp egg foo yung. My companion ordered moo goo gai pan. (Which I have often seen on menus but never knew what it was.)The portion sizes were great. Mine more so as I actually had enough for a few meals with the leftovers. The meal came with white sticky rice. Upon request, we were given additional rice to go.The restaurant itself is tucked away in a strip mall with a Harris Teeter and a few other businesses. The decor is nice (booths with tall padded seat backs). The cloth napkins take the atmosphere up a notch.Our server (a tall older Asian gentleman with a serious face) was dressed in a white jacket, white shirt, and black slacks. That also helped elevate the atmosphere.But the place is not at all stuffy feeling. Several people came in for take out while we were eating. Seems to be a popular place.My only issue is that it's in an area I don't frequent.  *sigh*
4	Best China was my neighborhood Chinese restaurant for years. I loved this place!It's not a fancy place, but a little nicer than most of the "hole in the wall" Chinese restaurants you see in strip malls.The staff was always super friendly to me, and very accommodating.My favorite dish was the Sa-Cha Chicken. Strips of white chicken breast in a mildly spicy brown sauce, stir fried with zucchini, mushrooms, baby corn, water chestnuts, and carrots, and served with rice. Sooooo good, and the dinner portion was quite large.I've been there many, many times, and always found the food quality to be consistently good.
