4	We LOVE Sam's Ice Cream! I take Candi there all the time and she loves it!I hope they get even more flavors in the future. WE LOVE YOU SAM!!
4	Who doesn't love ice cream? Especially when it's on the warm side up in Las Vegas. I know I do. Even if I were lactose intolerant, I'd do what what I would have to do to enjoy the ice, cold creamy goodness that is ice cream. So, after lunch at Wo Fat - I took my family for some dessert. I was too stuffed so I opted to take a pint home. More on that later. We were the only customers in the store and the sole staff member basically gave us a free tasting. I was a little embarrassed because I think between my nieces and nephews, they had every flavor they offer there. But he was gracious and patient and in the end, even got a nice tip.As for me, I opted for a pint of red velvet ice cream for later that night. It was so light and creamy that I couldn't and didn't put my spoon down until it was all gone. Good stuff.
5	I stopped in to Sams Ice Cream tonight after finding the website online. I was looking for an ice cream parlour near my home in 89121 in efforts to fill a craving. I drove over to the store shortly before closing and opted for a freeze going with Maui Wowie Sorbet. He can use Mello Yello or Club soda in his freeze choices. I went with Mello Yello (I used to drive to Utah just to stock up on 12 packs of that stuff).  While waiting for the freeze, I noticed Sams Ice Cream now carries Thrifty Ice Cream as well as Blue Bunny Ice Cream flavors I do not see at the local grocery store.After tasting the Maui Wowie freeze, I felt like I was in Hawaii again. So I ordered one more freeze to go. Between those drinks and a quart of Thrifty Ice Cream, take home made me feel like I was somewhere other than Las Vegas this evening. Thank you Sam. It was nice to meet you.
3	Great service!They have mostly bluebunny ice cream, but a few flavors of Thrifty brand ice cream as well! My sister and I went mainly for Thrifty flavors since they don't have thrifty ice cream where we live! Experience was good but wish they had more of the thrifty brands!
5	They have a good variety of ice cream! They have Thrifty and some Filipino flavors. I ended up getting jackfruit which was delicious. The guy working was very friendly! They have cheap prices too.
5	They have Thrifty's here, but not every flavor. They do have flavors similar to Thrifty's. For example, my favorite, cotton candy. To be honest, their cotton candy is so much better than Thrifty's. It doesn't stain your mouth & it's more creamy. It's not too sweet either. I'm in love with this place. The scoops are big for a very cheap price. The owner who served me & made me taste a bunch of flavors was really kind and generous. Also, if you like Filipino ice cream this is the place to go. They carry Filipino ice cream. I'm definitely recommending this place to my friends.
5	Sam is not the name of the man who runs this place but blue bunny ice cream and lots of other flavones like halo halo and jack fruit . The place is clean and always super friendly
