3	This was a nice CLEAN place. However, the thing I did not like was that the guy doing my pedi kept stopping to greet people walking in and answer the phone. Super annoying. Took longer than expected because of all the interruptions.
1	Went in for a shellac manicure.  First time in but figured I try it since I got a coupon in the mail and it's right around the corner.I was pleasantly surprised with the fluent English spoken by both women there.  The service was pleasant and we all 3 chatted the whole time.  Outside of a few inappropriate personal comments made to me by what I'd consider an otherwise well meaning girl in her early 20s, I planned on going back. Unfortunately, once I presented the coupon upon checking out, all of a sudden the 2 perfectly fluent women began commenting to each other in their native language, causing me to wonder what the need for that was.  Their open friendly attitudes also changed.  I paid, customarily tipped the tech and left.  Makes me wonder why they issue a coupon if they're just gonna make you feel bad about using it?I've had Shellac done before and it has lasted a full 2 weeks. This time however, little chips had formed on 2 nails 2 days later, another nail cracked and broke off after 1 week, as well as experiencing lifting at the base after a week.  For me, the abrupt change in language indicated they probably weren't saying anything nice about me.  Paired with sub par quality of nails, I won't be going back.
1	Don't go to this place! I googled for a nail salon close to another appointment I had in the area and that's how I came upon it.  I called ahead for a pedicure appointment and when I got there they sat me in a broken salon chair, put water in the foot basin and then kept me waiting for 25 minutes.When I say broken chair, I mean the back was completely missing except for the frame. When I asked for a pillow she didn't come back until she was ready to start the pedicure. The remote that controls the massaging feature of the chair was also broken but all other chairs were taken so that's where I stayed for my "relaxing" pedicure. No apology or anything for making me wait and sitting me in a junky chair. The person who did the pedicure was in an obvious hurry and spent about 2 minutes racing through the leg massage. The tools they used to clean and cut looked dirty also, YUCK!
4	I have been going to Deja Vu Nail Spa since 2007. I have never had anything but a great experience. I used to get acrylic nails and I would have them filled once every 3 weeks and I have never had a problem with lifting or breaking. I have also gotten the gel manicures and they have always lasted 2 weeks with no breakage or cracking. The pedicures have always been very relaxing and I have never felt like the tools were unclean or unsanitary. I have been getting my eyebrows waxed here and they have always turned out exactly how I have wanted. I have referred at least 3 of my coworkers to this nail salon and they are all still going years later. This salon is definately worth trying out.
1	If I could give 0 stars I would. I went the 1st time and a women who worked there was complaining about the amount of people paying to get a pedicure. She was angry that people were there while she wanted to visit with a friend. It was so uncomfortable! The pedicure was less than basic. The location is close to my office so I decided to give it a try a couple months later. Bad idea! As I was soaking the same employee walked in and again complained about the people paying to get the service they provide! The personal trainer who did my pedi was nice enough but her kids adult kids were there and she talked with them while sort of giving me a pedi. I felt like I was bothering them. When someone else walked into the "spa" the employees just starred at them. I have never felt so uncomfortable. To top it off the woman who was annoyed she had paying customers in the place was mad at me that i didn't upgrade any services. She looked at me when I was checking out and said "only $20?" And rolled her eyes. I will never go back to this place. I don't understand why anyone would.
5	The people working here are really nice and talkative. My mom brought me for a Mani Pedi because she said guys who take care of themselves make a better impression. I suppose it makes sense... but I do draw the line at polish! LolThere was a nice atmosphere to the place and all the customers and technicians spent the entire time chatting and we left having made some new friends. Mai Connolly who runs the place is especially engaging and gave us some advice of fun things to do in the area (I'm new to town). All in all I would definitely come back here again..
1	So I received a gift certificate for this salon. Just walking in to the salon it was outdated smelled of mold and old chemicals. It took over 40 minutes just to get a pedicure. When I finally did. My feet just sat in hot water not even touched for 30 monutes. I was supposed to get a 45 dollar 40 minute message and pampering to my feet and all together I was given a quick 15 minutes lotion rub down on my legs and cuticle clip. The message chairs were old and busted. I will not go there ever again. I could have done a better job to myself blindfolded and drunk. I wouldn't even tell my worst enemies to go there!
1	I wouldn't even give this place a star, but the lowest I had to do was one. The owner, I assume who it was, was very rude. To start off with their was no one there for walk ins so she had to call someone and we had to wait for 20 minutes. This pedicure day was for me and my sisiter, so we decide to go grab drinks at frys while we wait. When we came back the Rude lady said she cancelled the other person to come help us so she had to call again. There was another 20 minutes.. So me and my sister try to make the best of it and do the deluxe. Well that was a $30 mistake. No base coat no top coat and no lotion message.  As she got the polish all over my toes she scraped it with her fingernails. Done with me she went to sit with her customer friend and proceed to talk about me and my sister. How we left and came back. Talking in English at least! But stupid enough to talk loud enough for us to hear. My sister being a nice person still tipped her. I would not have. I have a $50 gift certificate for this place but will not ever use it. That's how bad this experience was! Won't even go back for free! If you want to have a nice enjoyable day, do not go here!! This place is awful!,
