4	Went there 6 in the morning. It's just like any McDonald's, you should know what they serve. The staff is very friendly and helpful.
1	Dirty and bug problems as well.Lots of "interesting" people here. Some are work crews taking lunch, some appear to be working girls, taking a break.I've seen the gamut during the few times I've dropped in here.
1	Worst service. The cashier was trying to make the mcflurry and knew it was running out of mix. Instead of just telling me we are low on mix she gave me half a cup! Never again.
1	I can't anymore. It's too busy here and service is not as fast as other Mickey D's with this kind of volume. Customers are rude too.
1	I would not eat there any more. I went there late night or lets say after 4am. The staff didn't know how to greet a customer the appropriate way and was dressed any kind of way. I seen a few staffs without there McShirts on. And i know McDonalds have uniforms. Then they messed up my order. And instead of making me a new one. I believe they swap out the bacon and put this dried up steak and dried up onions on the same egg, cheese and bagel. Because she said i would have to wait and then Bam! the sandwich was there. 15sec.  My other item bacon, egg, and cheese was also hard, dry and cold. After waiting in drive thru line at this time of morning, I was expecting 3 hot freshly made biscuits and bagel. Smh. terrible. They didnt even offer me anything for their mistake and wait. Looks like they were in there just playing with ppls food. My thing was, breakfast just started at 4am. It was 4:11am when i ordered. Why is the food hard and dry?I was so disgusted with the unprofessionalism, not caring employees, i didnt want to even look at them anymore and i didnt want to wait and make them cook it over because i was tired and hungry. I don't usually eat at Mcdonalds and you pretty much know what ur getting, but dam! That is just ridiculous. You had to see it with your own eyes.  All i can say is the staff at this location needs to be trained much better including managers. There is no reason to run a business that way. I don't care what area its in.
