4	1. No Acknowledgement at the front desk, nice front desk person though.2. Very clean lobby3. Nice restaurant area4. Parking is scary! Too many dark spots at night.5. Just opened, hopefully they'll get it right6. Very easy to get to,  easy on and easy off the 10 freeway.7. Room was clean and the bed was comfortable 8. Nice size refrigerator in the room9. Flat screen mounted on the wall, nice!10. Long desk storage area with cabinet for your stuff
1	I came here last weekend for Power 98.3's Revive Pool Party and had a terrible experience when my index finger on my right hand got stuck in the pool gate. My finger was badly damaged and smashed  and when I asked an employee at the hotel for help she did not treat my situation like it was urgent. I was walked to the front desk (with only my bathing suit on) where I waited 10 minutes for the woman to find a first aid kit. Guests were coming to the front desk to check in to the hotel where I was STILL standing there aimlessly in only my bathing suit. When a first aid kit was finally found, the employee asked me what I wanted her to do with my injury. It stunned me that they didn't have a plan for something like this already, so I just told her that I needed a bandaid until I got home. It took the employee another 5 minutes to find a bandaid in the first aid kit and when she did, she handed me the bandaid (without even opening it for me) and told me that I needed to put the bandaid on myself because she didn't want anything of mine to transmit to her. Although this is true, shouldn't there be some type of gloves in the first aid kit so that she can help me? I mean, I just smashed my main finger on my dominant hand so opening up the bandaid and trying to put it on is the last thing I want to do. After that, the employee told me that I had to then fill out a full paper about my incident (as she handed me a pen). Seriously?! I don't think she understood how much pain I had in my finger, I don't want to fill out anything right now! After that I left the hotel and was not satisfied with my experience whatsoever. I feel like the employee wasn't prepared and treated the situation improfessionally. Won't be coming here again for the Revive Pool Party.
5	Where to begin. 1. Excellent customer service* more at end 2. Hotel beautiful and clean3. Room was clean with an emphasis on details, making it easy to settle in4. The food is amazing - kudos to the chef5. The hotel itself is modern and updated to accommodate business travelers, as well as, vacationers. 6. There was never a mention of it being "their off season" as it was when I stayed a week ago at the Radisson, of the 10. * I came to Phoenix this time because my longtime friend, suffered an asthma attack that left her on life support. Upon hearing why I was here, the entire staff of the hotel, went above and beyond, humanity, compassion and the meaning of caring for their guests was genuine. I have observed each member of the team, at this hotel, not only extend this kind of service to me BUT to every guest that has chosen to stay. If you think it was because the circumstances that brought me to this hotel, you'd be incorrect. All guests are treated as though the four points by Sheraton is their home away from home. It was a safe haven for me and the daughters of my friend who has since passed. Never again will I stay, in any of travels but at a Sheraton.
5	Great room! Friendly check in! Got a great rate on Priceline . Great location with plenty of shopping and eateries around. Room was superb and very relaxing. Had a very nice open feel to it. Everything was clean and precise. Can't wait to stay here again.
4	My experience with this hotel was very different. Everytime I expected something to continue to be wrong, it turned out ok. My boyfriend and I needed a place to stay overnight, so we found this place. About 10-15 minutes before we got here, I noticed we were getting further and further from downtown. I thought that we would be crazy far from all the good stuff, but I was wrong. I was already too tired to leave the hotel, so the only time we went out was for food. Decent food isn't too far either. You can find something as close as 5-10 min.Checking in was no problem. There was no line and the lady did was not slow at all. She gave us our keys and we headed up to our room. The first thing I noticed about our room was that it seemed very modern. There was a huge TV and bed for the two of us. There was also a nice couch to relax on. While looking for hotels to stay at, we noticed that one of the amenities is "free water". Don't get your hopes up, because it's ONE, SINGLE water bottle. I wasn't too upset, because we were going to buy a pack of water regardless. Wifi speed was ok, but it was faster on my bf's phone for some reason. Honestly, our bed was pretty hard. I thought I was going to sink into it, but my first physical encounter with it was similar to somebody jumping into a frozen lake. I thought it was going to be a problem, but I actually slept fine. Checkout time here is 12pm so my bf and I were planning on waking up around 10:30-11 because we haven't slept for about 30 hrs at that point. But by 9:30, housekeeping was knocking on our door. I thought it was next door or something but it got louder and louder. She ended up opening the door and my bf told her that we weren't ready for housekeeping. Good thing she only got a foot in before she apologized and turned around. Unfortunately, I was not able to go back to sleep. A little while later, I get hungry so I decided to eat the leftover food we bought the previous night. There was no microwave so we called the front desk to see if there was a microwave downstairs that we could use. I thought she would give us a floor number to go to or say there was no microwave. But she said this "I'm not sure if there is a microwave down here, but I'll see if we can have one brought up to your room". I thought we both heard wrong, but 5 min later...there was a microwave sitting on our desk. Overall, I think I would stay at this hotel again, especially for the price we got. Very affordable and worth our money. I was also pleased with how clean everything was. I hope they can maintain the cleanliness though.
4	My room was beautiful ~ spacious, comfortable, & super clean! I could've stayed for days, but the internet was a bit wonky, & the front desk girl, a touch frosty. I did love the easy parking, the sunset view, & the snazzy striped lobby carpets, so I may return.
5	My recent stay at South Mountain was Fantastic!!!  Very nice and friendly staff, Very clean lobby, very clean room, very clean bathroom, very clean restaurant and a very nice and delicious breakfast.  So overall FPts South Mountain is a joy to stay at and unwind.
1	I don't usually write reviews, but my experience at this place infuriated me so much that I felt compelled to share it. I was scheduled to come in a park and fly like Tiffany W., and I think I spoke to that punk Jake or Jacob too.  What an attitude; zero customer service skills.  There was nobody even at the front desk when I showed up at 4:15 for my scheduled 4:30 PREPAID transportation to the airport.  I even called ahead that morning.  Somebody came rolling out of some hole with their shirt untucked and said the shuttle had already left.But that is nothing compared to the management of this place!  Jake or Jacob was at least competent enough to pass the buck up the ladder to Olimpia.  Olimpia was no help at all.  She told me I had to deal with the internet vendor in order to get any sort of refund, even though it was the hotel's fault!  She kept interrupting me with these canned customer service platitudes while basically giving me the finger.  Oh and she hung up on me!  If Olimpia is training these yahoos I can only imagine where this place will be in a year.
2	Not the greatest hotel experience I've had. I think the location is what does it in. It's just out in the middle of nowhere in sort of a sketchy neighborhood. I didn't feel unsafe by any means, but it just wasn't that great of a location.The service was fine. However, the room wasn't the cleanest. I found hairs all over the bathroom and bed. Pretty gross.
5	I can't express it any other way but WOW I LOVED IT :) . the bed was really really comftorable. The front desk understood where me and two others are coming from. :) if I had to name the top three reasons to come to this hotel, it's 1 very very freindly staff. 2 really spacious rooms with way to comftorable beds. 3 the food here is really really good. :) so to sum it all up I really really liked my one night stay. :) if I ever come to phnx for vacation I know what hotel I am staying at :) oh and btw whoever shall read this it's my first time in a hotel in phnx but I totally recamend this hotel
1	I can't believe my experience here..To keep it short. I was in 3 rooms and even the last one wasn't clean! This place was supposed to be brand new. All the rooms were dirty I had to keep moving rooms. Even the 3rd room I was in was still dirty! The floor by the ONLY elevator looked stained.The restaurant/room service and bar all close at 10pm.Hot tub was cold.Parking sucked and I got locked out the back door because it was broken.. Twice.
4	Nice hotel in a central locale near the 10. Staff are very friendly and helpful to guests Lobby with lots of couches  and bar and grill with craft brews makes this a comfy place to stay. Oh; and the beds are the best, really firm with lots of  pillows. Our room was very clean. Decent pool area, although the bar was not open this time of year. This New Jersey traveler would recommend The Four  Points Sheraton at South Mountain because of its proximity to some good tourist attractions as well.
1	This place is completely useless, the staff is ridiculous I purchased their parking reservations to save a little bit of money... Here is my story. I ended up missing my flight because there were no shuttles available to Goto the hotel... Even though they had one parked there. I waited over 45 mins... Which cussed me to miss my flight. This is not the worse news. On my way back from Chicago, I tired calling for a Shuttle from Phx Airport to the hotel and no one answered the hotel phones for over an hour while I sat waiting. I'm still waiting while I'm writing this review and talking with their corporate office. So pissed off right now.
1	This hotel was a 3.5 star on Priceline but I'm not sure how. The only highlight was the van driver who was incredibly friendly. However, the room smelled horribly and after looking around, there was food on the floor and under the bed. The bathroom looked clean in the sink area but the shower had small hairs all over it! Disgusting. And at about 4:00 in the morning I went to use it and there were two giant roaches on the floor. I couldn't even get back I sleep...not a good look for a Sheraton property
4	This is an affordable, clean updated hotel located on the AZ River across the street from the Merchandise Mart. Front desk hospitality from Edgar was a huge plus and made our stay much better than anticipated. Don't let the location fool you it is better than you think.
