5	I'm so glad I found Dr. Bakir and Excel Chiropractic.  Yesterday, I had pain in my lower back so bad I found it hard to walk.  I went to my doctor who wanted to put me on physical therapy and pain killers for a few weeks.  After a trip to Dr. Bakir, 90% of the pain was gone and I was back at work the next day.  I've been to other chiropractors who seem to force the manipulations.  With Dr. Bakir, it seemed more relaxed and natural - I didn't really flinch at all.  I can't recommend him enough.
5	Rich is the best traditional chiropractor in town. He's a pretty stand up guy too. I've been to about 6 different chiropractors in  my life and he has helped me the most.
5	I have had back problems for most of my adult life.  Rich is the only Chiro i have found who actually HELPS my pain and doesn't increase it .   He is a normal drop table chiro and very friendly.   If you are a cash patient ( like me ) he is extremly reasonable.    He is a crackup and always makes my wife and i smile. Love it here!
5	I cannot say enough wonderful things about this office!+2 stars - super friendly office manager - they could fit me in straight away; told me the cost up front and was super apologetic that I was out of network.+3 stars - TRADITIONAL chiropractic.  I am not sure when it happened but most chiropractors sell products/supplements/magic potions and that is NOT what I want from a chiropractor.  I need you to align things and put me back together.And then some additional stars:+1 star - Rich has a very quirky sense of humor.+1 star - all the other patients appear to be very pleased.
5	Rich is a life saver!! Best chiropractor ever. I've been struck in my vehicle 5x and I couldn't live without him!
5	I've been going to this office for at least 5 years now, or so I think.  The first time I went in was because I had same really horrible stabbing pain in my neck/shoulder region and couldn't turn my head.  His office was around the corner from my old house.I still remember he took xrays and did not charge me for them.When I tried joining the Navy over 2 years ago he gave me exercises to help with my flexibility.I have really bad TMJ.  Before I knew he treated TMJ, it would get to the point where I couldn't even open my jaw all the way in the mornings.  Now, ever since he has started working on my TMJ, no more issues with opening my jaw and even now it doesn't crack nearly as often as before. He always finds the knots in my shoulders and massages them out.I now live in North Las Vegas but I will make the drive whenever I feel I need an adjustment, even if I have to go like 3x in a week or so, I'm great at injuring myself.Plus he has an interesting sense of humor and the front office lady has a good manner as well.
