5	Both David and Frank have a huge following in the greater Phoenix metropolitan community. David is a superb colorist and Frank is a fabulous stylist. Do you want to look like you were just photographed for Vogue? for Town and Country? For Elle? Even for Playboy? Go here. They can do it all and trust me, it will be well above your expectations. Formerly at the Red Door, the dynamic duo has finally opened their own salon and it is relaxing, comforting, exciting, and just about perfection. I visited last Saturday, just a day or so after opening their new salon, and there were no glitches at all in the wonderful service they provide. It was fabulous as always and they have earned every one of their five stars. Good luck, guys and Bon Voyage on your new journey with this salon!
5	THE BEST SALON IN SCOTTSDALE/PHOENIX!  I started going to David and Frank over 5 years ago when they were at the Red Door.  When I found out they were opening their own salon I was thrilled!!  They are absolutely amazing and we all know how hard it is to find a good hair colorist and stylist.  I just had my hair done at their new salon and was very impressed with how professional and friendly the staff was.  David and Frank did an amazing job, as they always do, and I am so proud to be one of their first clients at their new high-end hair salon.   I highly recommend this salon to anyone in the Scottsdale/Phoenix area, not matter where you live.  It's worth the drive!
5	David and Frank have been styling my hair for quite some time, and I adore both of them. I was very excited when I heard they were opening their own salon, so I was happy this morning as I walked toward the doors for my first appointment at the new place!  Everything just got better from there. I walked in and was greeted by the staff, saw David's smiling face, and changed into my smock (I like their smocks much better than the ones at the "other" salon). Next I saw Frank's smiling face and was offered coffee, water, tea, or... WAIT FOR IT ... a glass of wine. Uh--YES PLEASE! :-DLater on, I was told they also have mimosas. I might have to try those next time... The color and cut turned out perfectly as usual. I never have to tell David or Frank what I'd like; both of them know exactly what to do to achieve the perfect results. It's difficult to find a good stylist, and I would have followed these two ANYWHERE. I know they have a rather large following and would recommend them to anyone.
5	I have been going to David for over 12 years and he is the best. I made the move when he left to start his own salon even though it is much farther fir me because i can't imagine anyone else doing my hair. Was thrilled that Frank went too! The new salon is gorgeous and the overall experience was fantastic.
5	David and Frank are wonderful and skilled.  I have been a loyal customer for years.  Thank you for taking great care of my hair.
5	When I moved to the Valley from the Bay Area  over a decade ago, I was given David's name by my SF stylist.  At the time, I was cornered about how I would replace her in my new hometown, even with the referral, but she said he was fantastic- and he is!  Through David I met Frank, and when they began to work together as a team, I couldn't have been more pleased with the service, the experience overall with each visit, and the results!  Fast forward to 2013 and David and Frank now have their own salon!  I recently had my first visit, and not only is the salon beautiful - it embodies all of the finest aspects of their style and professionalism.  David Frank Salon is fantastic, and I am so pleased to be able to continue to get my hair done by this wonderful team!
5	As a longtime client of Frank and David, I was thrilled to hear they would be opening their own salon.  These guys are exceptional.  Frank is a master stylist, and David is a colorist extraordinaire.  David and Frank offer useful, practical suggestions, and my hair looks great after they are done with it.  They're the best!!
5	I had my hair done with David and Frank when they were at EA Red Door Salon and Spa so when they decided to open their own place on Scottsdale Rd I wanted to follow them. Let me just say that they are both terrific! Their knowledge of color, cut, and style is updated and done to perfection. They are great conversationalists and I wish them all the best as they continue to  build their new salon.
5	I'm new to town and was trying to find a salon nearby. I found David Frank Salon and saw really good reviews so I made an appointment to try it out. I'm always afraid about people cutting my hair because I've had some horrible experiences. At David Frank, everyone was super friendly! Frank cut my hair and it was a really great experience. In the end I loved my hair and even my husband thought it looked awesome. I am definitely going to be a longterm customer! Thanks Frank!!
5	I haven't had my appointment yet, but I'm already won over. They're so honest here. I was ready to spend $200+ for color stripping and re-dye and their colorist told me not only not to do it buy that he liked what I had going on. I appreciated the honesty! Will for sure be back :)
5	Haley cut my hair and I LOVE it! She's so awesome! I loved this salon, the atmosphere, everything. They even gave me cookies! :) I will be recommending Haley to all!
5	I've been going to see David and Frank regularly for the last couple of years and I couldn't ask for a better color and cut.  I constantly like to tweak my hair color and David's a pro at figuring out what will work for me.  I have curly hair that I like to wear both curly and straight, so I need a cut that can work for both scenarios.  With curly hair, I've had many a but cut in my day but not with Frank!  He always gives me a great cut whether I want to grow it out a little or I'm feeling the need to go a little shorter...I've never been disappointed in the results.  PS.  The new salon is beautiful.
5	I have been going to Frank for 14 years and have followed him thru three salons.. A few years ago he paired up with David .. With Frank now concentrating on Styling and David as colorist...when they left the Biltmore Red Door there was no question that I ( and probably most of their loyal customers) would follow these two guys anywhere.. My hair always looks amazing they are without a doubt the best stylist and colorist in Scottsdale and maybe AZ .. Which is why I have traveled from South Chandler for 14 years to get my hair done !!   Love them both and the shop is really nice! Congratulations guys!!
5	For years I have been searching for a hairdresser who can give me a hair color I wanted. One would think that I could find one among hundreds of hairdressers. But that was not the case until David Todd came here from California over 10 years ago. I was one of his first clients and can attest that he is, by far, the best hair colorist you can find.  Not only does he understand hair and color, he uses the best products that do not fade. If you try him once, you would never go anywhere else! Dave coloring and Frank cutting is an unbeatable combination.And, if that is not enough, they have the best personalities and make you feel welcome and at home!
5	From the time I spoke to David Todd on the phone about my hair, I knew I had found a great salon.  Upon arriving at my appointment, I was not disappointed.  I went in for balayage highlights with David and haircut with Frank.  I was immediately greeted and offered a beverage by several staff members.  I waited briefly and was then seated in David's chair.  He was easy to talk to and understood exactly what I wanted.  The balayage was much quicker than traditional foil highlights I was use to, sometimes taking up to 3 hours on my long hair.  After balayage was complete I was shampooed with a nice massage, had a gloss applied and then conditioner.  I was then taken to Frank's station for my haircut.  Frank was also easy to talk and very welcoming. He did exactly what I wanted and when I was finished I looked like me only better!  This is not your typical stuffy Scottsdale salon, although, you will get top-notch service, you will not feel uncomfortable or get talked into a color or style you do not want.  This place is warm and inviting and you will feel like you are at a friends house not a stuffy salon.  The staff and even the clients are all warm and welcoming.  If you are looking to change salons but are hesitant, you will not be disappointed.  I love this place and look forward to going back for my next appointment.
5	I don't let anyone but David & Frank touch my hair! I have been coming to them for over 10 years. I trust them both implicitly. They always have creative ideas for my color and cut and they deliver excellent results. The salon is beautiful and everyone who works there is super friendly. I highly recommend visiting David Frank!
5	I had a lot going on with my hair. Sort of a botched ombre, a multi color root situation and I didn't want a ton of extra processes to fix bc my hair is long and I reallllly want to keep it that way. I came here based on yelp reviews. Oh my oh my. I explained my problem, David took time to assess and communicate w me and he came up w a plan. I'm very very happy with the results. I have seen 4 stylist, colorists over 1 year and I will not be looking any further. David is my guy. Forever. I may stalk him if he ever decides to retire. Walking out, my hair felt healthy, the color was perfect and I felt the charge was more than reasonable. Very thankful to Yelpers for the guidance, so I felt I should add my experience to the community. One more 5 star review for this place. I'm a believer for sure.
5	David Todd rescued my hair! It had been recently colored and was a mish-mash of blond, red and bleach. David is a true professional and knew exactly what to do to get me out of that mess without over processing my hair. The result is a healthy, beautiful, natural blend of colors that complement my skin and eye color. Eight years ago I lost all my hair during chemo treatments and when it grew back, it wasn't my original color, texture or fullness - for eight years I've struggled with trying to figure out my hair color. In less than 2 hours I walked out of the David Frank Salon looking fantastic. Which brings me to Frank. What a great team! Frank understood my desire to keep growing it out from the below shoulder length and just tidied up the ends so I would have a very nice clean cut. He's blow-dry was incredible, he paid attention to my "wish" to have fullness and height on top - Frank delivered! Even though I have long-ish hair, Frank had just finished a woman with very short hair and I just have to say, long or short, Frank does a fabulous job. Instead of dreading and ignoring my hair, I am now looking forward to my next visit. I highly recommend David and Frank and their very attentive support staff.
5	AMAZING!!The reviews are true.. I left LOVING my hair!!First of all, let me say I rarely go to a new hairdresser.. like every girl, it's a scary thought as visions of bad haircuts, colors, etc run through your brain.  BUT, I found myself in Scottsdale for the weekend and desperately needed to get my hair colored!  I had postponed and put it off for months because I didn't have time to drive to my stylist in LA (I live in San Diego so it's a 2 -3 hour drive).. well I decided to take a chance and looked at reviews before choosing David.  And thank God I did.. my hair looks amazing and I'm VERY particular.  I live in CA so I'm used to seeing a million "bad blondes" but yet I like my hair lighter so it only works well when I'm in the hands of any amazing colorist.  My favorite look is that ombre Gisele/Jennifer Aniston golden blonde where it's darker at the roots and sun kissed on the way down and let me say, David delivered!!My only complaint is that he's not in San Diego because I would without question, go back to him!  Rest assured ladies, this is a stylist you can trust and you will leave the salon looking fabulous!!
5	DITTTO!  I left loving my hair this afternoon.  I had researched various salons in town and decided to go with David at David Frank Salon.  I am so thrilled that I found this cute place.  Close to home, easy to book an appointment, and what a tremendous job that he did with highlighting my hair!  Hailey trimmed and styled my hair and I left feeling like a million bucks!!!  THANK YOU!
5	AMAZING experience yesterday at DAVID FRANK SALON.  Thank you David and Frank for opening such a great salon in Scottsdale.  I really enjoyed meeting both of you and I look forward to returning for our next appointment.  The salon was RELAXING and I felt like there was MUCH attention to detail by both of you.  I look forward to future meetings and being able to no longer having just an ordinary cut and color!  I have already told several of my friends about your salon and I will continue to promote both of you.  It's been a long time in coming......a SALON with class, detail and near perfection!  Appreciate both of you. Mary Meinz,ASId
1	I have know idea if David is a short hair specialist (as he claims) but I do know he is arrogant and unprofessional.  I booked my appt online and got a call from the salon confirming the date and time.  I arrived right on time and was surprised to see a freshly shampooed woman sitting in his chair.  The receptionist said he was running "a little behind". I explained I had another appt in an hour and a half and she assured me there would not be an issue.  After waiting 45 minutes I had enough !  On my way out I asked David why this happened.  He said (as he looked down his nose at me) it was a scheduling glitch with the online system.  I responded that a professional would have given me courtesy of a phone call and an opportunity to reschedule.  In my opinion David is one of those people who thinks their time is more important than anyone else's.
5	Just another outstanding 5-star review here.  I found the salon on Yelp, booked an appt because of all these amazing reveiws, and here I am adding another one. Frank  just cut a ton of weight out of my hair, gave it bounce and life again. Bravo, good sir. And thank you. :)
5	I don't leave reviews but I wanted to add the rave reviews! I wanted to do something different with my hair and decided on balayage. I googled local places and then looked on yelp for good places. Happened upon David Frank Salon and so glad I did. Booked my appointment and met with David for color and Haley for my haircut.David did an amazing job on my hair! He took the time to talk with my about my desires for hair and discussed expectations. The color came out amazing and looks wonderful. Haley did a great job on my haircut and took the time to style it.I walked out feeling amazing! Everyone is really nice, too.If you are looking for a change, come here! So glad I did!
5	Another 5 star review here!! I found DavidFrank on yelp as well and I couldn't be happier.  I NEVER do anything to my hair and really needed a change.  I thought bayalage was so pretty and that I should give it a try.  David is so nice and really listened, he suggested some hues that would work best with my skin tone and it looks beautiful.  Haley is so sweet and was so patient- I do not think that I has ever had a better hair day- I will definitely be back!!
5	LOVE this place and it's people! It is my escape. Clean, calm and extremely professional. Always just tell them to do what they think is right and walk out loving it every time!
5	These guys go so far above and beyond. I just love David & Nelly!  Thanks so much for all the personal attention:)
5	The service was amazing and my hair looks great. I went in with virgin hair looking to get balayage highlights. The color turned out amazing. I'll definitely be going back.
5	I found out about David Frank Salon on Yelp and I am SO GLAD I DID because I have never left a salon happier with the results than I did after my visit today. I wanted to do something different with my hair without it being too dramatic so I opted for balayage. David did my color and he did an absolutely amazing job! Frank cut my hair and gave me the best blowout I have ever had! Everyone that worked there was so friendly and made me feel really comfortable. From now on, I won't go anywhere else.
5	This salon is by far the best I've ever been to... And I have been to a lot of salons. I've never walked away so consistently happy with my cut and color, time and time again. David is a color genius, he's taken me from brunette to blonde flawlessly & was able to fix another salon's brassy color job. Haley does an awesome job on my cut every time. I've never been happier with a salon, you will not regret coming here!!
1	It has been several weeks since I got my haircut by Frank and I must say, I am still embarrassed to go out in public. I chose this salon because of all the great reviews it received and I am baffled as to why. This is the worst haircut I ever had, and I'm 53 years old. I brought in a photo of what I wanted and my hair looks NOTHING like it. The style I wanted is longer, but I thought he could start shaping it now. Well, he cut off half of my already short hair. We were talking and when I saw how much he was cutting I literally gasped - twice.  You know it's a bad cut when your family and friends can only say "it will grow back."  I truly hate to give poor reviews and have contemplated not posting one but, my hair is that bad and I don't think people should see only 5 star reviews for this salon when it is clearly not deserved.
