5	I'm so excited about this place! I'm excited because I love juices, I love how they make me feel, and I love knowing exactly where the juice is coming from. No crazy ingredients added. And that's a guarantee here. Ginny, the owner, knows her stuff. She's taken the time to really understand living healthy, and I appreciate that. And the best part of it all, the juices all taste phenomenal. I did a one day juice cleanse, because I was scared to do any more days, since I had never done a cleanse before. Was the cleanse easy? No. But what made it easier was that all the juices were delicious! Even the red beet one, that looked terrifying, was delicious. Seriously, you hear about these cleanses, and how the juices are gross. At least if I'm "cleansing" aka mostly starving, I know I'm getting good things into my body. I'm strangely enough looking forward to my next juice cleanse, and it's all because of Salud!
5	I visited this juice bar in October, about a month before their official hard-opening. However, I had a very good experience, and their juices tasted great! So, there is my review:As I walked along Copeland Street on my way towards Starbucks, I noticed a new business across from it. Situated between Eden and Le Mardi Gras, and above Girasole Restaurant, is Salud Juicery, which I effortlessly deduced is a juice bar.I walked up the stairs and through the doors. I immediately noticed the unique decor. There were wallpapers that were vibrantly green; tendrils of (fake?) branches that stretched from the floor to the ceiling; and furniture (including the tablet holder at the register) that looked to have been made with pure, natural wood. All of these accentuated the fresh, all-natural, health-oriented motif that the juice bar was going for.As soon as I walked up to the counter, Ginny, the owner, greeted me. After a quick introduction of her business, she offered samples of several juices. I gladly accept, and she whips up at least four different juices in no time. Here are the ones I tried:- Redhead Irish (organic spinach, kale, apple, lemon, cucumber, ginger): The taste of ginger is pronounced, but the sweetness of the apple and hint of sourness of the lemon toned it down. I liked this juice, and I felt it would be a nice drink to have if I am sick.- Jane Good'All (orange, strawberry, peach, banana, coconut water): This was a sweet juice, but not overwhelming sweet. I could taste each fruit that was used to make it. I know some people may have qualms about coconut water, but I don't, so I enjoyed the hint of coconut in this juice.- The Beet Goes On (beet, carrot, apple, ginger, lemon): A juice with a dark red color, I could taste all of its. The beet, carrot, and apple add sweetness while the ginger and lemon add a touch of spice and complexity. I feel it could have used a bit more apple; nevertheless, I really liked this juice and was my favorite out of the three.Because I really liked the The Beet Goes On, I ordered the small size of it. In about a minute or two, it was ready. I paid, gave a nice tip, and sat down at one of the wood tables in the rear seating area. This seating area had a few small tables and two sofas. It was very cozy and secluded enough to offer a nice respite from all the shopping and yoga, and also a nice quiet place to read a book or study.After finishing my juice, I complimented Ginny and another employee, who was probably doing work in the back during my sampling, on the flavor of the juice. I told them I would definitely come back (and I meant it!).I don't think I will do a full juice cleanse, but if I'm ever in the mood to drink something refreshing and I've reached (or exceeded) my caffeine intake for the day, I will stop by for a juice, a smoothie, or a shot of wheatgrass (a.k.a. Healthy Espresso...??).
