4	Although I am pretty anti-George St when considering which bar or restaurant to visit of an evening, I don't actually mind Le Monde. This place is modern and the 'style' has been cranked up to ten, everything is sleek and expensive looking; leather seats (and occasionally walls) feature heavily and there are lots of shiny bits (floors, tables, chandeliers, beer pumps etc).I am somehow the owner of a discount card which gives me 2 for 1 on meals and 20% off drinks all day, all week - this is a bloody good deal and I have had quite a few decent and inexpensive lunches here. The menu is quite large and relatively unadventurous, think modern pub classics like burgers, pastas, salads and the obligatory Thai green curry. It's all done quite well though and everything I've tried has been good, if not exactly exciting.I wouldn't come here to pose as quite a lot of the clientele blatantly do, but it's nae bad for a bite to eat in nice surroundings.
4	Le Monde does chic and trendy very well, and is one of the few George Street bars which are worth paying that little bit extra for. When scouting venues for a charity event, Le Monde was on of our options. The staff were incredibly helpful and professional and offered us so much it was hard to turn it down. But being a student event where maximising the profits for charity were key, we ended up going with a cheaper bar. With three bar areas all being ridiculously cool you instantly feel sophisticated in here. The cocktails are made very well, a little expensive but these places are. I haven't yet tried the food but reading the other reviews makes me want to go back for something to eat pronto!
3	Le Monde certainly looks the part, with its super fashionable interior and expansive premises that seem to go on forever. If I'm to use the word hotspot, which it looks like I'm going to, that would describe Le Monde pretty well, due to its prime, popular position right on George Street.The bars are themed into cities, with Milan, Vienna and Paris rooms making up the main bar. Le Monde has been immaculately designed in every way, so it would be hard not to be impressed by the modern and uber stylish interiors. This is a very good looking place to sit and have a drink, but it's probably just a bit too pristine for me, as I like somewhere I can slouch about a bit more, and I find that the heavy weekend crowds can make the important task of obtaining a drink quite tricky.
5	Le Monde's Thursday-Sunday offer, obviously not valid during August, is an absolute cracker. You can get the best room in the place for not much over 100 bucks a night, and considering each and every city-themed room is entirely unique from all the the others, it's up there with amphetamine as an expensive and addictive habit.For your crumpled wad of tenners, you get a spacious room with air-con, a huge TV, rainfall shower, and a fridge stuffed with booze and snacks. You even get a couple of DVDs which are linked to the theme of your room, which is a nice touch. Given we were in Atlantis, the only room based on somewhere that doesn't exist, ours were just loosely based on water, drowning or shark attacks, but for example, if you were in the Paris room, you'd likely get feelgood comedy Irreversible among others.If I were to nitpick, I'd point out that the centrepiece fish tank in our room needed a scrub, and that the bar and restaurant, which emits the misguided bling bling attitude of George Street as a whole, isn't as good as the hotel. They did still give us two free Mojitos as part of our stay though, a far cry from the bottled beer or glass of house plonk you'd expect from a free "welcome drink".Overall, it couldn't really have been much better. Very impressive.
5	I love Le Monde, particularly the Paris-inspired upstairs where you can relax on throne-like red velvet chairs and pretend you are Belle in Beauty and the Beast. It is definately a bit pretentious and alot of the people there are there to be seen but as a George Street hotspot this is to be expected and, let's be honest, sometimes enjoyed. It's an excuse to get dressed up, indulge yourself and pretend for a little while that you are fabulous enough to feel at home there.The drinks are expensive but the cocktails are beautiful, authentic and worth every penny. Be prepared to wait for something made so lovingly, it's worth it. My friends and I have probably worked our way through the cocktail list and there don't appear to be any clangers. The bar staff are very knowledgeable aswell so you can let them know what you're into and they'll happily recommend something you'll enjoy.
2	Ok for a drink but ild never stay for the food again!!Overpriced, deep fried and bland thats all I can say really!!! Staff are hit ot miss as well as to whether they are any good at cocktails. Arguably had my best and worst mojito experiences there...!Overall skip it and go tp 99 Hannover if you want to be trendy and spend a few coins or All Bar One to keep things cheap and tasty!!
5	Le Monde helped make my trip to Edinburgh for Fringe one of the best I've taken.Their concierge was fantastic and very helpful (helping to plan our itinerary after leaving Edinburgh).Location is great- very close to the center of things while tucked around the corner from the main road. Some events actually occurred in the bar on the basement level here.The rooms are all unique- stayed in the Shanghai, Havana, Paris, Miami, and I think it was LA.  Each one was as vastly cool as the next and had its own easter eggs, which I won't give away.One caution is that breakfast tended to take a long time and was only so-so- I recommend you take it elsewhere.  We were refunded the breakfast portion of our rate after we decided the same.The DVD list, although I didn't watch any, was notably the best DVD list I have seen for its size.But most importantly, the elevators are very friendly and have a lovely accent.
4	The restaurant had a stunning interior and the staff were very friendly. Food came within good time and was very tasty. I think the portions could have been slightly larger however I would definitely recommend Le Monde for a nice meal as a treat. Slightly pricier so you wouldn't go every night of the week! Very stylish and a great night overall. :)
3	It's taken me a long while to write a review of Le Monde after coming here, the reason being I had completely forgotten I'd been. Which kind of sums it up for me in a nutshell.It's swish to look at, packed on a Saturday night, the tunes are good, there's a make-shift dance area, it's full of beautiful people, can get a bit rowdy, but it lacked any particular memorable element to make me...well, er, remember it.Also my daiquiri was a bit bleugh. As was Joe's Manhattan. Both tasted like watered-down really strong alcohol. So as far as cocktails go, I wasn't too impressed.There's nowt wrong with it, but not much I'd go back again for either. But then I'm not a George Street person. For anyone looking for a place to rest for a wee drink, similar to All Bar One or, well, anywhere else on George Street, it'll fit the bill I'm sure.
4	Have you ever picked up a long glass from a bar only for the bottom to fall off and the deliciously, fruity cocktail to go spilling all over the bar even before you've had a sip?I swear myself black and blue this is what happened to me the other night. I picked up a tall glass with a Bramble inside and the bottom of the glass came away. I am a wee lass, I'm not that strong, it just...came away.I'm not sure if the barman believed me. I felt quite bad, and he made me a fresh one. And it was good. As was the other 'special' bramble his colleague had made up, with jam instead of cassiss.It's weird. Le Monde isn't my regular type of place as it's a little too "George Street-y" for me (not that this is a bad thing, just my own personal taste). But post-elite Event on a Thursday night they had ample booths, served food till 10 which kept us well fed on some really quite delicious chips, the cocktails were flowing, staff were friendly if a little worn and edgy with my glass-breaking abilites by the end of the night, but even then they didn't kick up a fuss.If I were planning a night out on town, would Le Monde be my final stop? No. But if I wanted somewhere to get a cocktail to start the night off, central, nice surroundings, friendly staff? Yes. I can imagine it would get rammed in here on a Friday or Saturday, but that's not a fault of the bar per se.So going against my usual slightly off-the-beaten-path tastes, Le Monde is probably one of my now city-centre go-to bars for late night eats and a Bramble or three.
4	I really like Le Monde. A lot of my friends disagree with me but I think it caters for everyone really. From a nice lunch with my mum,  drinks after work - or a night out, it's always good fun.I had my birthday there last year and ended up in Shanghai, which was pretty good fun (though I tend to like more rock n roll joints in town) there was a good atmosphere (maybe just a little bit pricey!)I would say the chef at lunch is far better than dinner time, so if you want to try the food, I think it does tend to be better at lunchtime.The staff are all very trendy, sometimes I think a bit 'too' 'trendy' - but they tend to be very pleasant.All in all, a good place to go. What is nice is that they didn't leave it too long to get revamped, unlike some other joints in town, and all the little booth areas are really nice -it's a huge area which they've managed to divide up really professionally.
3	I fell through a wormhole in space while sitting on a seat in Le Monde. I arrived at 6pm, met some friends and sat in the bar area near the door. It was a pleasant venue - quiet, with attentive staff, and altogether a bit like meeting in the foyer of a posh hotel. We ate - tasty mussels (though I'd have liked fries with them) and delicious-looking burgers - and drank some wine, and at around 10pm it was time to leave. And somehow, I was in another world. Wrapped up in in conversation, I really hadn't paid much attention to what was happening around us, but we had moved from a quiet hotel foyer to a world of glamour. All the women around us seemed to be wearing more make up than clothes. The men were more covered-up, but still done up to the nines for a Thursday night out. Walking through the fake-tanned flesh to get to the loo and back, I couldn't get out of there fast enough. So I have to give le Monde a middling score - it was a perfectly nice place to meet up for a drink, but it's not somewhere I'd choose to go any later than 8pm, for fear of getting entangled in hair extensions.
3	Service is getting better, would nt say the food is though.My first meal here the waiter put a reserved sign with someone else's name on our table during the starter and informed us we had to eat quickly, we were in our starters! Needless to say I wasn't happy. The food was....... alright nothing special to be honest.Went there last night, service has improved but the food is just a standard level. The place looks nice but that's all it's got going for it ( personal view)
5	The fanciest bar I've ever been to in Edinburgh! imagine going to here and opium on the same night. Jokes! the cocktail i had blackberry martini was delightful. i tried to make a james bond style joke but the barman didn't seem too bothered hhahahaaa.
2	Is it a night club? A bar or a restaurant? Actually they are trying to be all 3 at the same time! The place looks big on the outset, gold fish bowl door and entrance lounge/bar. Very 70's blue, green and pink neon lighting, Go further in and you are hit by a monolith black (sparkling marble?) central block of a bar. To the left and right you have seating areas which is meant for dining and drinking. A spiral open staircase  (pick neon chase lights adorned) takes you to the restrooms. Which are clean(ish) where music is piped down to the speakers. - actually they play music in all areas. LOUD. In the back is smaller bar with a place that can be cordoned off. I was explained this is used a a VIP area or large group private dining. The latter I had experienced and which was well organised, but not so in execution. They had a lack of waiters, well no actually, there were enough staff serving, but they hadn't allocated not enough serving staff to our group. Food was not delivered to all at the same time and drinks orders kept being messed up. This all caused our meal to last longer and we were still eating when the place turned full on night club (23:00) with gyrating people bobbing in your view when on your coffee and cake. On a different visit the wife and I went for a romantic anniversary meal. Their menu is extensive and a little pricey. I found the waiting staff friendly but difficult to summon. Did I mention the loud music before? Try having a meal for two in the same room were people are shouting drinks orders and are dancing around handbags around you, while in the meanwhile trying to hold a dinner conversation. Fail. It is not a nice experience having to raise your voice and sometimes even shout to the person sitting next to you. As a result most of that meal was spend in silence and using eye contact and hand gestures. An experience? yes. Romantic? no.The last time I visited was with few friends from Italy and Switzerland and we used a booth in the corner, and oh.. what is that white thing on the wall pointing into that booth? yes.. a loudspeaker. We persevered and with a few cocktails and several shots of vodka it was easily overcome - just huddle together and shout like you were giving instruction to a rugby team. Italians are very well adapt to this, they actually enjoyed themselves - so a hit for them and a good choice if you are into this kind of environment and atmosphere. Loud, lively, bubbly and no chance of a conversation (no way you can use a pick-up line under these circumstances)So on all occasions it was the noise that ruined any experience of a nice evening, that... or maybe I am getting too old for this.
4	Stopped in after a long walk around the castle. It was about early dinner time.  I had the salmon dish that had light citrus so it was enjoyable and refreshing. Also got dessert pudding and ice cream in a pool of caramel. Sugar high! Nice atmosphere modern decor.
