4	Very cute little store with friendly staff and a variety of gluten-free options. The iced coffee was not half bad either. A great addition to Ave Des Pins.
5	Wonderful little store. Adorable shabby chic decorations. Very helpful and generous staff. Had a chocolate au paprika, date ball. Got a double chocolate cookie for later. Husband had a 5 spice (cinnamon) bun. So many options it was hard to choose!
5	Great food and amazing service! We ordered 2 cupcakes (they were having an awesome 2 for one deal), the carrot cake, and a cinnamon bun. The cupcakes were the red velvet and the chocolate with strawberry icing, and I would highly recommend both of them. Extremely moist and the frosting was delicious and tasted faintly of coconut. The cinnamon bun was good but a bit dry, and the carrot cake was so-so but had delicious chunks of walnut and raisins in it. I also ordered a coffee and the chai rooibos tea. The way they serve beverages is really cute--there were mismatched cups and we had our own little teapot with an infuser. The employees working there even offered to give us more hot water for our teapot, which was really nice.Overall, a really delicious experience, and a nice place to hang out for a bit.
5	Another great discovery.  I ordered cupcakes to go for my birthday and decided to sit down a minute and enjoy one or two on the spot. All the flavours were delicious, moist and not overly sweet.  It's been so hard finding great and moderately priced vegan cupcake in Montreal.  I hope they add macaroons to their menu soon. I look forward to going back again so I can try their cookies and carrot cake.I can't wait to take my non-vegan friends, just so they can experience these delicious treats.  HIGHLY RECOMMENDED to vegans AND non-vegans.
5	Great cupcakes, pleasant ambience, a lil gem of a place! I first got their cupcakes through their partnership with Lufa Farms. The next weekend i went there on my own for more cupcake goodness! :) My only complaint is that i am on the other side of the city, but probably it's for the best for my diet ;) i'd definitely be eating more than i need to
