3	***This review is for the cafe only.*** I would not buy books from this place as this corporate whoremonger is over priced and since they have moved in on Mill they have put all the cool affordable book stores out of business. So on to the cafe - Their ice tea is wonderful and their coffees are strong without acidity. They use Seattle's Best coffee which is far superior to Starbucks. Their breakfast sandwiches really steal the show though. My favorite is the egg blended with spinach and topped with sausage, they grill it on a muffin and add two kinds of cheese. I would not recommend buying books, music, magazines ect. here, but if you're on Mill and need a quick breakfast this is a great place to stop in.
3	Just saw the sign today. Borders on Mill is closing.. It's soon to be a ghost town around here. (But they are having a huge book sale so get em while they last).
3	had to give them a 3 because they had locked the bathroom doors, and now just as they get ready to close their doors, they have unlocked the bathroom doors. it seems as though just yesterday they were celebrating their grand opening. kinda sucks they couldn't hold out until the metro was completed, as so many new faces are visiting the old mill. they are having a huge sale, so run, don't walk to the train and get in there before they get out!
1	The dead walk amongst us.  This location is D-E-A-D and they're down to hawking the fixture's on the street. You might find some last ditch deals but you probably need to do so by month's end (Feb 2009).  Looking dire on this end of Mill Ave.Thanks Tempe Marketplace for killing what was once cool.
1	The homeless seem to want to use the restrooms here, so the rest of us have to find an employee and get one of their coins to gain access to the restroom.  Even worse, they changed the policy recently to open access with a stern reminder that if you don't keep the restroom clean, then they'll revert back to their old policy.  Great... the restroom saga continues....For a two story location they're a little short on selection in some areas, and there's a parking problem like there is for all merchants in downtown Tempe on Mill ave.
5	Location closed in 2010
