4	The BX has a GNC, Rug Store, Gamestop, UPS, Starbucks, Nail salon and salon and barber shop. Also AAFES which is similar to a department store with makeup counters and furniture, clothing and so much more. There is also a food court including Baskin Robbins, Charlie's Subs, Taco Bell and a few more.
3	Convenient & Tax FreeThe BX offers name brand products at reasonable prices. They carry a basic array of items like any other department store would. The great thing about the BX is that everything is tax free!  Not such a great thing is that everything is name brand so you pay for the more expensive items even if you would prefer the cheaper ones. They have everything from furniture to baby clothing but most of these items only have a small amount of product in store. For the most bang for your buck you have to go online to AAFES.com or get their seasonal catalog. In addition to the department store aspect of the BX there is a food court, salons, a Star Bucks coffee, several small vendors, a GNC, a computer repair center, alterations store, a Gamestop, and a military clothing exchange.
2	I'm not really a big fan of the BX... I mean, AAFES a nice option to have, but i feel like everything is limited. I can never find anything that i'm looking for and always end up at Walmart or best buy instead. Shopping there for electronics is the worst, but if you need something like an everyday necessity (deodorant, soap, shampoo, etc etc), you can definitely find it here for the most part. The rug store has some decent rugs, but its all too pricey for me. My husband has been into Gamestop a few times before but always walks out empty handed... that doesn't happen often, so i really shouldn't complain ;) On a positive note, they do have little food court so if you ever get hungry, you could stop there, but i'll be honest... it almost feels like a high school cafeteria.
5	TAX FREE!!If you are in the military or you know someone in the military, this place is accessible to you. It's tax free and right now there is a promo to get a $250 Gift card if you spend $1000 on their store credit card.I got a MacBook Pro 13" for $1189 and an extra 2yr Protection Plan for $99 which also covers accidental damage.
2	The inventory that the Exchange is limited compared to off base retail stores. They are also notorious for having two similar products located in different portions of the store. The moral of the associates is deplorable due to limited hours and managements poor treatment. The only reason some of the non-management and non-supervise associates have been there so long is that their spouse is in the military which is bringing in most of the house hold income. I use to work at this Exchange several years ago and the problems that existed back then still exists today. You would not believe the issues that management tries to hide from the military community.
4	This is one of the much better BX's we've been to in our Air Force life. It has all the usual stores, GNC, Alterations,Clothing Sales, Hair Cuts, Salon. The food is okay, something is always a little off with the Taco Bell, but hey it's fast food, what can you expect?The BX is really big, has furniture,automotive,guns,toys,shoes,clothing. It's like a military walmart :) I wouldn't go out of your way to go here, but if you live on base or are in the area, it's worth the trip. Much better than the stabmart outside the gate.
4	The BX is a decent place to shop in a pinch or if you just happen to be on base and there are things you gotta pick up here. I do not think prices at the BX always beat out prices at other stores though. You can do some good comparison pricing though and find deals that will save you time, money, and hassle other stores may present. Limited selections are often a problem.Their makeup/fragrances/designer purse section is a God send for women like me. I can always find great makeup here that I would purchase at Sephora for the same prices, except here I am not paying tax. Also, the designer purses are great - lower prices, same thing.The food court boasts some interesting choices: Taco Bell, the sandwich place, Baskin Robbins, etc. And there are always the kitchy shops that appear selling odd goodies, especially during Christmas. I have found some cool presents for certain people that are hard to shop for on ocassion.Overall, not the best, not the worst. Definitely deserving of a 4 star rating. Big plus - there is a Starbucks!
3	I love the fact there's no taxes!  There is a small fee, but lower than regular taxes.   Not a lot to write about, I've been to better exchanges!  But hey, it is what it is!
5	Definitely one of the nicest BX's I've been too. Has a much larger variety of items over some of the others. Love this place, I can find pretty much anything I need and then some!
1	This place sucks they took out the only decent place to eat, Leaving only fat food options for our military members who are supposed to be fit!  I am not coming back
4	Having been to several AAFES stores for the past 22 years of my (military brat) life, I can tell you two things about them: (1) they are like an upgraded Walmart/K-mart with a small section of department store brands; (2) you will always have a hit and miss when it comes to finding things in an AAFES store. If you're stationed stateside, then you're lucky to visit a Macy's or a typical mall that has shops like Hot Topic, Pac Sun, etc. if AAFES stores don't have what you're looking for.With that said, the Nellis BX has widened their selection for the past 9 years I've been living here in Vegas. The cosmetics section used to not have brands like Too Faced, Bare Minerals, Urban Decay, etc. until 2010. Usually, you'd have to stop by Sephora for those things but not anymore. you can get them for cheap and tax free, too. Of course, things are always cheaper and tax free on base, so use that to your advantage whenever you find something here that you can also find in a mall or so.This BX is also quite big compared to the other AAFES stores I've been in. It's definitely bigger than the BX at Los Angeles AFB, but slightly smaller than the BX in Misawa AB (nothing still beats the literal 4-story BX mall in Yokota AB, though). So you'll find most of your standard fare items.The food court, however, is small and food selection is mediocre. The Burger King and Popeye's just a block away from the place can supplement some of that.A good thing about this BX is that there's a GameStop shop just outside, and you can buy some games there if you can't find what you're looking for inside. The only downside though is that you have to pay tax since it's not really part of AAFES, so. yeah.There also used to be a Clare's shop years ago, but was closed due to poor business.Regardless, this BX is a good size and place to buy things for a big base like Nellis.
5	I moved to Los Angeles AFB and I must say...after experiencing the BX there, boy do I sure miss getting Smashbox, Too Faced cosmetics (and all the other high-end cosmetic brands you usually find in Sephora) for cheap! Nellis BX is big and has so much more selections then the current base I'm stationed at. It's easily taken for granted, especially if you PCS to a smaller base.Besides, everything at AAFES is still dirt a$$ cheap (plus tax-free!) compared to buying off base...especially if you now live in an expensive-ass state like me. :(
4	I actually love the BX because it is huge and has many things. Since my parents are able to access the base I love to come to the BX. It has a variety of things to sell. This place reminds me of a huge department store in a mall.This place is awesome so I give it 4 stars.Also it has a huge food court and the best part is that there are NO TAXES.
2	Whoever orders inventory for clothes and uniform items needs to do a customer survey. Why is it that the common sizes are always out of stock while XXL all the way up to 4XL is always in stock! If you wear the extra large sizes, you are either using a walking stick or confined to a wheelchair and definitely not in the service, active duty or otherwise. Someone with enough common sense needs to order the common sizes and have a good stock on hand.//end rant//
4	Surprisingly big with a good selection of merchandise.  From clothes to electronics to furniture this is a one stop shop.   Just far from the strip if you ate visiting for fun.  Helpful staff and no tax.
1	The Dennys Express is extremely slow.  Not busy and still waited 40 minutes for a breakfast sandwich. If in a hurry, this is not the place to go. This has occurred more than once.  They need a cook that can do more than one order at a time.
