3	Sat night  Visit around 1800  , seated quickly.   Sara,  attentive  server and  played along with the kid ,(  It's easy, it's free and gets you a better tip) , knew something about the menu  and kept drinks replenished.  Food was   fast, hot ,on time and to order.  E.g   medium steaks/ burgers turn out as requested.   Soda has decent syrup  ratio:) Not reviewing the food/ menu  it's known. What's not known  about many of the chains is  how they are run locally and  so far on our multiple outings to this location it's been uneventful , sure that's not the image that they want to portray in the adds  but   really  who makes it an event  the location or the participant?
1	Casual restaurant seems to have been mistaken as a requirement on the staff, not the customers. In a far from full restaurant.  Long time to get from door to seat, from seat to drink, from drink to appetizer.The inferno wings are a cruel , dry and salty joke.  Less heat than a jalapeno and drier a Stephen Fry observation given at midday in death valley.   We both had the same 8oz steak, well one of us may have had because one was frigging tiny.  I seriously feel like punching myself in the gut because we paid the same here as we did at Fresh Wasabi in Glendale the day prior. http://www.yelp.com/biz/fresh-wasabi-glendale
1	I wish I understood from what brain abnormality I suffer that leads me to keep returning to TGIF.  We ordered take out last night, i had the 'prime rib' Stroganoff and my wife had the 5 cheese macaroni.  I've eaten microwave meals that tasted better and what 'chef' employs lasagna noodles for anything but lasagna?  For $9.99, it was barely edible and my wife's mac and cheese turned out to be grilled chicken topped in with some bacobit/blue cheese obscenity; hell not even the wings were that good and they're usually the best part.  How do they get away with charging people money for this? Because morons like me continue to eat there.In all honesty, my wife and I had were very tired and hungry and TGIF was a block away.  Next time, I'll jump in the car and take my chances with one of those re-fried hot dogs at the local 7Eleven.
1	So I finally tried Fridays,NEVER AGAIN!My husband and I wanted to go w/ our kids to Pappadeux but the wait was 45 minutes and as any parent knows,that is agony having to wait that long with 2 hungry children.SO since Fridays is next door and we had never been before we head over.We were seated right away and got our drinks quickly,my husband ordered a Jack and Coke which was all Jack with barely any pop in it.Now my husband likes drink but his was waaay too strong he had to ask for a plain coke just to balance it out.                    For our entree's I ordered the petite filet and salmon.I asked for my filet to be cooked medium rare,what I got was a fully cooked excuse for meat.I took 2 bites and had to spit out the the 3rd,I couldn't take it anymore.The salmon was overcooked and had no flavor.        My husband ordered the Friday signature cheese burger,he ordered it well done and it was still really pink in the middle.Now normally we would have sent it back but after seeing one of the waitresses giving another customer major attitude,about her food not being cooked right and then complaining that it tasted funny when she got it back we decided not to risk it.Overall the service was okay but the food made me wish I had stayed home and had a bowl of Cocoa Puffs.Next time you see a sign for T.G.I Fridays step on the gas and get away as fast your car will take you!
1	closed
