5	Ok so let me start out with the fact that this place is NOT associated with the old owners in any way. Now that that crucial piece of info is out in the air my real review can begin.  Sooooooo lets get this review started shall we!! Ok to begin the new owner is very very nice and he has no problem coming to personally ask you how you are enjoying everything. It is nice to see that the owner truly cares that the customers are getting the dining experience they deserve. The ambiance is really cool and very hip if you will along with the food!! If you like fresh air and good food I suggest sitting at the sushi bar, but if you like a little more privacy they have these rows of booths that are perfect for a date. The service is really great and all the wait is very friendly and can help you with anything from great recommendations too working around allergens and more. They definitely are about helping everyone out to make sure your dining experience is great. Ok now for the food, the food is amazing!! They have 13.95 AYCE lunch, 25.95 AYCE dinner, hot and cold tapas, new rolls it's fantastic. They have braised pork belly, ahi tataki, garlic noodles. They literally have something for everybody. Ohhhh and you have too try the Kobe burger YOU HAVE TOO TRY THE KOBE BURGER.... Sorry just incase not everyone heard me lol. And all this is made by chef jean who was on top chef (cool little tidbit) This place is everything the old Xtreme wishes it was!!
5	Same good food, much improved service!  Great atmosphere for a good time with friends.  If you go get the Pacquiao Roll, it's da bomb!  Sushi chefs are great, top notch. Great overall!
5	Tried this place for the first time. I was told that it was under new management and that  Chef Gene was from Bravo's Top Chef 5. I love sushi and have tried many restaurants but this place surprised me in a very good way. I love all the dishes we ordered; Pacquiao roll, OMG roll, Sunshine roll, PB&J roll, & Xtasy roll.  The chef even surprised us with a complementary plate of tapas. The service was great. Friendly staff.  Will definitely go back and bring my friends. Prices were very reasonable. I really like this place and cannot stop talking about it. Plus, this is my first restaurant review, EVER! So that tells you something. Don't let the old reviews stop you from going here. Those reviews were made under the old management. Give this place a try, you won't be disappointed.
2	This place is not for you sushi sensei yelpers out there. I been here a few times before, never had anything to complain about. This visit was not the same. A lot of changes to the menu made things a little upsetting. Its nice that they have a AYCE lunch special for $14 (catering to the people on a hr lunch break), but nigiri was not part of that special. So I was forced to do the dinner AYCE, which I don't mind. They took out a lot of things from the menu off & took some of the items off of AYCE (like baked mussels). No more half rolls, which was never a problem before. The menu is a lot more limited. As for the food itself.. definitely not the same. I do not suggest the Kayla's roll. The nigiri was alright, kinda sloppy. The sushi chefs were inconsistent with my orders. Overall, I was not pleased. I have been dying for a sushi fix for weeks, this did not hit the spot.Our server however was excellent and the place was really trendy and clean. Unfortunately, those are the only two good things I have to say. I probably wont be visiting again for a while.
5	Are you kidding me!!!???  The sushi and service was phenomenal!!!! I had the Christmas Tree roll!!!! Oh!!!!! My nephew had the Volcano and Lasagna Rolls!!! Best sushi experience I have ever had in my life.  I wish I remembered the server's name, he was the best server ever.... there enough to make sure we enjoyed our meal and checked on us; but not so much that he had joined in.  This is MY SUSHI SPOT from now on!!!!!
5	I love sushi (well the wussy kind lol) and living in Las vegas there are many sushi bars and buisnesses to choose from. after a year of waiting i finally went to xtreme sushi and tapas bar. Boy was it GOOD! a friend has been going here for a while but they were under new management so things have changed alil bit. Be prepared to spend 30-40$ dollars on dinner and a soda plus tip. all the wait staff was super awesome, we had to put them to the test due to  them closing earlier then they used to on sunday night. (11pm) but they filled all of our sushi requests with a smile.I can only comment on my dinner but I will say the table kept saying how awesome everything looked and tasted.Seaweed salad~ typical nothing extra special about it but didnt disappointEdamame~ steamed and salted. U get a huge bowl i munched on from start to finish.Japanese Lasgna~ ive never had before but it was amazing hot and gooey and yummmy! cali roll covered in creamcheese and baked.XXX~deep fried cali roll with sauce on top.PB and J roll~ Prawn, Bacon, and Jalapeno I dont do hot  very well but its not hot spicy just has a jalapeno taste that makes you think spicy. Kelly~deepfried philly roll very tastymicha~ this was light and fresh tempura shrimp and cucumber rolled with cooked shrimp on topto finish off meal Tempura Ice Cream to die for!!!! scoop of strawberry rolled with pound cake layer then tempuraed garnished with whip choc, carmel. sooo good.my only disappointment was in the mix of all the good ness we got a plate of reg cali rolls and they just tasted bland and wrong. so start plain or reg rolls then move to the more flavorful. thanks Xtreme It made me crave sushi AGAIN!!!
5	I was driving on eastern looking for a place for lunch and sushi sounded good so what the heck. All you can eat lunch for 15 heck yeah lets do it. Good quality good price and good service ill definitely go back.
2	Disappointed. I purchased a groupon for this place. 4 tapas for two people valuing at $48 for $24 the most expensive tapas dish is one valuing at $10. We ordered the pork belly dish that was good but one piece out of two per dish was all fat. The cod was actually salmon. We were told it was a misprint on the menu it's "salmon cod" So in all honesty there was no discount as we ended up spending exactly $24 on dishes. The pb&j roll came with a complimentary strand of hair. We might try it in a couple of years after they fixed their menu and tweaked their quality control. Might.
2	Unique sushi joint but food just doesn't taste good at all. Sushi chefs are not friendly and the rolls were really mediocre at best. Fishes weren't too fresh. I do have to admit tapas idea stands out from the rest of sushi joints but lack of food quality won't keep this place too busy in my opinion...sorry!
1	This place is terrible! New owners or not still bad! Menu is so limited for AYCE they charge extra for anything additional... Their is a lot of Sushi places on town and feel that this place is well below PAR!
3	We came here on a Thursday evening and ordered - 2 Kobe burgers, $10ea- Island Chili pepper Poke, $9- Thai Style Salmon Poke, $7 - Oishi Zushi, $9- 2 orders of PB&J sushi, $11ea for $7.08 (Used the Groupon 4 Tapas for 2 for $24 valued at $48)- Conveniently located off the 215 on Eastern.- Groupon requires a reservation but this place so dead, is it really necessary?! HAHA.- Customer service went something like this: Groupon Yelpers listen up! US: We have a Groupon and the most expensive Tapa is $10 (Kobe Burger). If we order 4 Kobe burgers, the value is at most $40. How did you get a $48 value?Anthony, Server: I'm not sure. Do you want to talk to the manager?Manager: We collaborated with Groupon 1 month ago. We reduced our tapa prices 2 weeks ago. It reflects the pricing that was 1 month ago. US: That's deceptive.Manager: You're correct. We need to change that. Let me throw in an extra tapa. Anthony: I agree with you. I'll give you the PB&J Sushi you ordered for free and on top of that throw in an additional PB&J Sushi for free. US: :D- Kobe burger was okay. They basically chopped off a cross section of a whole onion, deep fried it like a onion ring. SOOO MUCH ONION. RAW. yuck.  Burger cooked well-done. Hoped for a med-rare. Nonetheless, big considered calling it a tapa. It's not. It's a burger like BAM. Needs lettuce. - Island chili pepper poke was delicious! Great citrus taste! High recommendation.- Not much of a fan of the peanut butter combined with salmon sashimi. Made it taste smushy and masked the flavoring and texture of salmon. - Never had a sushi roll with bacon on it! Good concept. Bacon taste like McDonalds. Thin and crispy. - I was excited for Oishi Zushi since it has Soft shell Crab, but disappointed that it was very little crab but mostly the tempura.  - For an isolated incident, they made up for their mistake. Sushi can be summed up as over creative combination that didn't go too well together. I may come back for their $21 AYCE since that seems like an attractive deal, but not for anything else.
2	Came with a 6 tapas for 4 people Groupon and we all left HUNGRY!  Even our 4 year old!  Absolutely DO NOT buy the Groupon.  Ours was supposed to be a $70 value, but it is mathematically impossible to get close to $70 with 6 tapas.  When I pointed this out to our server he blamed the owner, he blamed Groupon, but he did not make it right.  The food is good, service friendly, but we won't be back.Update: Our 4 year old was so hungry after our dinner for 4 deal that we had to stop at "The Sushi" on our way home for "second dinner".
5	Randy, the sous chef, is AMAZING! Fried pork belly and arroz caldo on the side was amazing!!! (Off the menu) Randy even came out and spoke to is about the dish! Chris was an amazing server explains the menu! && Jake the new owner was very helpful in every thing we wanted! We will definitely be back!!
1	My friends and I have been coming to this place for a while now, even before it was "under new management". When we first started going there service was average. However, we loved the Pacquio rolls so despite the service we would still frequent the facility. After the last time we went and service as usual was bad and food took forever as well. We all agreed we would not go back. I live in the area so after seeing the big sign reading Under New Management I talked my friends into going again, hoping it would be better. Worst mistake EVER!! Service went from average to terrible. We had a total of 3 people in our group and we all got the AYCE. We ordered the first doing of sushi rolls and waited about 35 minutes for the first roll to even show up!! When our waitress noticed we had yet to receive any of our food she proceeds to appologize and tell us she's so sorry they're working as fast as they can. Then we get partial of our order after waiting an additional 20-25 minutes. By this time I have canceled the rest of our order. The manager then comes out and tells us that my order is coming out next, an hour later it finally shows up. Needless to say my entire party is livid. All of our appetites are gone and we just want to leave. Under new management or not this establishment is just a waste of time!! NEVER EVER again!!
1	WARNING DO NOT EAT HERE!!!!! Whatever you do stay away this place is back under the old management and it's terrible. Been shut down by the health department so many times!! Most of the stuff they serve is from restaurant depot and is not very good quality. Please save your time and money for all sushi restaurants sake. So sad the other owners didn't work out the food quality went way up now it's just crap like before.
5	The bartender, Matt Thomas, really made our dinner worthwhile.  He's weird looking, but great at customer service.  Thanks for teaching us about sake and we support your right to marry.
5	This place is always great. Cheapest AYCE and quality rolls. Easy going staff and nice atmosphere. Definitely a fun locals joint to introduce your friends to.
5	Best sushi east of Los Angeles!!!! Great staff and great atmosphere....owner is friendly but always seems to wear his little brothers t shirt!!! Love this place and food is fantastic!
1	This place used to be really good, but I don't know what happened. The staff didn't even know what I meant when I ordered a tekka maki.... When the rolls finally came out, they were horrible. The tekka maki looked like crap (although the fish quality was ok) and was served on an old, dirty looking plate. The eel on the dragon roll had a bad texture, and the roll itself had an unappealing taste. The only positive thing that happened was that our server was nice and kept checking on us. I'll never come back here again. Sticking to sushimon.
3	Had a late lunch on New Year's day. The place always seems empty but once inside you can see how large it really is. The outdoor tables were a bit dusty so we moved inside. There are great two person booths available, a private party room and a full bar inside.We shared the fried Gyoza and the Extreme Beef appetizers. Both were very good especially the Gyoza. I had the Happy Eddie & Stallone rolls, he had the Paquiao Roll and Crabby Patty. The rolls were fresh and delicious but had a bit too much Yum Yum sauce. The sauce was a bit too mayonaise-ey. Our server was nice and attentive but the service was slow.All in all they have great food at an ok price if your not in a rush. I recommend it.
1	This place is beyond help. For those of you who have written a 5 star review you probably were paid to do it. This place has never been fantastic only mediocre at best. I came to eat here during its opening and only came back because they allowed you to take leftovers home and had a killer tempura ice cream. They also had a fantastic Japanese chef who was in his late 70s that is no longer there. He was a great chef and the sushi tasted much better than it does now.I have eaten here because their prices were competitive and they promised better service.This place has gone through several closures and new management. I wanted to believe that this place would be different but again I'm sadly disappointed. I arrived at this restaurant with my two young children as a way to treat them to an early dinner. I purchased a group on and had planned to use it. I ordered a combination platter that had great California rolls and the mixed tempura was great as well. The chicken was dried up and the teriyaki sauce tasted like cardboard. I ordered a poki appetizer and a 69 roll. The poki came out  brown in color.The 69 roll came out and you could see that the yellow-tail was pale and had a pungent fishy aroma. I sent the food back to avoid getting sick.  The untrained sushi chef yelled across the bar and started verbally assaulting me. The chef told me to leave if I didn't like the food and he never had a complaint until me. This guy failed to realize that this wasn't my first rodeo.He kept telling me to just leave and so I got up and confronted him at the bar and told him how unprofessional he was for yelling across the bar in the presence of other guest. He didn't care. I approached the table next to me and apologized for the ruckus. The couple stated that they couldn't believe he would talk to me that way and that their fish was pale as well. I wanted to talk to a manager and Michelle obliged me. I waited 30 minutes for the manger to arrive but before he did, the maniac chef wanted a round two! He told me to leave again and stated that the manager is not going to fire him. He stated that they would take his side. I told him that I am not trying to get him fired but that he is unprofessional and needs training.  This guy wouldn't let up and was persisting that I just leave and all I did was wait quietly on the white f aux leather sectional in the lobby. His name I'm told is Balto. Matthew the manager finally arrived and gave me a song and dance about how the chef has been there for years and he would check the camera to obtain the whole story. What type of passive aggressive junk is that! My children whom are 6 and 8 witnessed this lowlife verbally attack me. I tried to be quiet about sending the food back but this guy caused a scene.You would have to be a none sushi goer to think that this place is remotely good. There is no value when the sushi is low grade, the chef if disrespectful, and the wait staff is usually slow to deliver food. The value was in their price but for $4 more you have great options within a 3 mile radius. This place is truly extreme! I bet that this place will close again in the next year. Maybe the common denominator to the restaurant failure is the chef. I will say a prayer for this establishment. Go to Sushi Mon or Sin City sushi for a better experience and sushi grade fish. Sushi should melt in your mouth like butter. Sushi shouldn't be so chewy that you feel like your eating steak. Michelle was a great waitress and was better than any waitress that i had at this place. I made sure i returned to tip her for her service although the food and chef were terrible.
1	I cannot believe that I went there tonight with 5 other people, a party of 6; and was turned away. We were told that there was a party of 20 coming in in a few minutes and they couldn't take any more customers. Inside, there were 3 tables sitting which I felt was very slow for about 6pm even on a Monday night. The guy, who claimed to be a manager, said that the two sushi chefs weren't capable of making sushi for our table of 6 when they had a party of 20 coming in 10 minutes. He said he knew there limits and it wasn't possible but that we could wait 2 HOURS to be seated!! WTF??????? Two sushi chefs cannot help us. BTW, we went to Starbucks next door and noticed the party of 20 go in at 6:30pm. How ridiculous!!!! They could have sat us and make a lot more money off of us and still had a party  of 20 30 minutes later and we would have probably had most of the sushi we were going to eat. In any case, I won't waste my time trying to eat there again because if they cannot figure out how to manage a restaurant in any decent way, then they shouldn't get my business.
