4	Bear in mind, Montreal is close to no ocean so though we are on an island fresh seafood can be hard to find. When fish and chips is fresh and perfect it's probably in my top 5 favourite foods, and when it's anything less than perfect it kinda breaks my heart because it just doesn't bring those same memories back. Le Comptoir 21 today was perfect - the fish was so light and fresh and buttery and not at all fishy I couldn't believe it; according to the owner it comes up from Boston (which explains it's bold Maritime-y American attitude =). The batter was perfect, especially squirted with the bottles of malt and regular vinegar provided, and dipped in the homemade tartar. I had a pint of local blonde beer from the tap, but saw they also had bottles of that lovely and inexpensive C'est La Vie wine from the Pays D'Oc. The fries were perfect and my date said his steak sandwich was above average: the panini was warm and light and full of peppers, mushrooms and onions and gooood with the hot sauce. We also really dug the communal seating at the counter wrapped around the smiling franglais waitress who seemed happy working in 360, dealing out the little baskets lined with blue and white check wax paper full up with breaded shrimp, calamari, burgers and darkly golden fries. You could almost almost hear the ocean and on this fall day in Canada we were just loving it.
3	Reasonably priced, egalitarian seating, EVERYONE sits at the counters, which look like recycled bowling alleys, cosy atmosphere, prompt, courteous service. They'll grill your fish instead of deep frying if you ask. Fries the real thing... not the prefab crap one normally gets  at fast food joints. I have to admit though, I didn't find my fishburger to be all that awesome, but then again, I'm still getting over a cold, so perhaps that explains it. Will try their chowder next time.
3	I notice mainly good reviews for the place and the rumours has it that this is the best place for fish n chips in Montreal. Unfortunately my only experience of it today was not flattering at all. The fish missed seasoning completely. Without the sauces it was completely tasteless. The same goes for the infamous burger that everyone told me to take. Tasteless again. Other than that the waitress was excellent and the environment as well.
5	We order from Comptoir 21 regularly and would eat-in more except with young kids the all-counter seating is tricky, and there is no high chair, nor any regular chair to attach a portable high chair to.  I wish this were different since I would probably eat here every other week otherwise.  I always order the fish and chips and find the large portion super generous - feeds myself and my three-year old easily.  I do wish the coleslaw portion was a bit more generous - seriously, cabbage is cheap, why be skimpy?!?!?!  But the fish is fantastic with just the right done-ness and the batter golden perfect.  Love the chunky fries which remind me of east-coast style.  I usually stick with the paprika sauce which has a little kick, I've tried the curry as well but it's not as delish.  For those who complain about the price - fish is not cheap especially if it has to be imported inland cheap and kept fresh.  The price is worth it for the freshest non-fishy fish in town!
3	Like the chicken and the egg, I don't know which came first; the name or the counter? Regardless, sitting next to strangers - a plateau hipster on the left and a suited-up businessman on the right - elbowing each other while chowing down on some old time Quebec inspired English grub adds to the charm of Comptoir 21. The U-shaped counter lends its Montreal casse-croute, greasy-spoon feeling to the place. Honest and simple food at a price you cannot beat, this is the type of place that if you're lucky, you might come out of there forgetting the difference between, chips, crisps and fries.
5	Absolutely the best fish & chips I have ever had. Light and crispy. After trying four of the sauces in two visits I recommend the paprika. Charming atmosphere and speedy service.
5	Really recommend it. Great ambiance, good service, might be a bit small but pack great food. You have to try the fish and chips, if go there to get a burger the first time you should be slapped.Also good for deliveries if you live not to far. Was as delicious.
4	Wonderful fish and chips, though only one choice of fish, it was melt in your mouth. The shrimps are expensive for a serving of 5 shrimps, if you ask me.
4	Cozy (about 21 spots), good value, fish & chips/burger spot that's really popular with the locals.  On Sunday, if you're more than 2 people after 7pm you'll be waiting for some spots to turn over, although that's pretty quick in this counter-style diner.The small fish and chips @ 9.95 was plenty for a "euro-size" stomach.  Fish is very tender and moist.  Batter is thin, dark and crisp.  House-made tartar sauce is great.  Chips feel a bit homestyle (not sure if they're double fried), but are good. Tiny side slaw-like salad is nicely tart, but balanced with a hint of sweetnessCrispy or grilled fish burger @ $5 seems like a steal.  Half/full pints of blond/red @ $3.50/5.50. Guinness in full pints only, at $5.50.Service is friendly and condiments are well stocked and available at hand.I can see myself becoming a regular.
4	The best vegetarian burgers and poutine in Montreal. And I've tried many. Great value , service and atmosphere. I'll definitely be going back.
4	Read about this place on Midnight Poutine and decided to give it a try. The best fish and chips I have had in a long time. Breading was perfect without being greasy. The fish just fell apart as soon as you touched it with a fork. This is a cozy little place that reminded me a lot of Le Gros Jambon. Prices are extremely reasonable. I got a huge helping of fish and fries for $12.00. It's a long metro ride followed by a longish walk for us to get there and I was starving when I walked in the door. I left full and happy. Even though the place is tiny, they could really use more than one server when they are full. We waited for a while to get drinks and to get the check and my wife's poutine arrived cold.The food more than made up for any small problems with the the service though. I will be back for sure.
5	Small trendy, and fun place for great fish and chips.  Poutine was outstanding, (and meat free).  Batter is flavorful, light and flaky.  Fish was moist, tender and flaky.  Some drought beers.  Great friendly service.  Great hole in the wall place for some great fish and chips in a casual but upbeat environment.
5	so fresh so good so nice so everything! we ended up there by absolute chance as we were walking street after street and just the outside charmed us. Very cosy place and the fish n chips is absolutely divine, we also had a beef burger that was quiet good , homemade fries, perfect!!
4	With fish & chips it's mostly about the fish, and this spot does it really, really well. The batter is crispy, light and golden, and the fish is very flaky and fresh. The mayo options are nice - I had the paprika, which had a nice kick to it. They give you lots of options, from fish on its own, or with salad or poutine as well as with fries. A large portion (3 pieces of fish) with poutine would keep you sated for a week. This is just what a fish & chips spot should be.
4	Following my experience last week at Brit and Chips (see previous blog entry), I decided to continue along the fish and chips path by visiting Comptoir 21 in Mile End. I stopped by on a early Friday evening to see what I have been missing.Comptoir 21 is a nice small diner-like space that can sit probably about 20 people. They also have a takeout counter should you choose to enjoy their food at home. Compared to Brit and Chips, their options are more straight forward but no less delicious.To start, I had their clam chowder. A nice hearty portion with loads of seafood and potatoes, the chowder avoided the classic sin of being too rich due to overuse of cream. Despite the warm weather outside, this chowder was a perfect starter to my meal.Next up was the reason I came in: the fish and chips. At Comptoir 21, there are no options regarding the fish or the batter used. You've got one choice and it is a damn good one. The fish is nice and flaky while retaining its moistness despite the frying. The batter is thin but very crisp and sticks nicely to the fish. The options you do have is regarding whether you want fries, poutine or salad as well as your choice of sauce. I kept it traditional because to me, how you pull off simple fries and a base tartar sauce tells me how good of a fish and chips place you can be. The fries were nice and thick with a good crunch. Personally, I felt they needed a bit of seasoning before serving but it is minor complaints given how good they were. The Tartar sauce, on the other hand, was spot-on. Perfect rich and creamy compliment to the crispy fish. Very well done.Comptoir 21 was a wonderful discovery in a area of town that I need to explore more thoroughly given my discoveries there so far (BU, The Sparrow, Lawrence). If someone were to ask me which I would pick between Comptoir 21 &amp; Brit and Chips, I'm not sure I can really pick one over the other right now. Both are amazing options to go try and discover. If you're looking for a place for a quick bite in Mile End, give Comptoir 21 a moment of your time. It certainly won't end up being your last time.Cheers!
5	I've always been reluctant to try fish and chips in Montreal as I felt no one could really do anything close to what you find in England... low and behold.. Comptoir 21 does a damned good job.Have to say, the family and I really enjoyed our visit and our food. The fish is super fresh and that is key with fish.  If you are in the neighborhood, I highly recommend you stop and judge for yourself. Haven't tried Brit & Chips yet, but when I do, the bar will be set pretty high after my Comptoir 21 experience.
5	The grilled fish burger was a delight that I look forward to consuming over, and over and over.And it was $5 + tx! I really liked the semi-communal seating arrangement also which boded for a really chilled, positive vibe. This place is cool, I can't wait to go back.
1	After experiencing fish & chips here for the first time, my resolve was just get through the meal and never try it again. For me it was just horrible. The fish batter as just too much and the fish tasted as if it was not washed with lime or vinegar before being cooked, so I could hard keep it down. I don't know others seem to like it... (after all it has 4.5 stars here) but I won't come back here.
3	We went there last night, wanting to enjoy some fish'n chips. We really appreciated the atmosphere set by the counter, which was great. We had the fried squids which were light and not too greasy, the paprika sauce with them was delicious too. The clam chowder was a bit thick but really good nevertheless. We then had the 21 Burger (with fried fish), I found the fish really too greasy and lacking in taste, and the shrimp tempuras which we found a tad too oily as well. The food was good, though all this fried and oil and grease did leave a weight on our stomachs but then it is North America I suppose. I have lived in London and eaten fish'n chips there and never had such a weight afterwards... All in all, for the food served, the price is right and the staff quite friendly, next time I might try something less greasy though!
4	I usually stumble in here on Thursday nights after having had a few drinks at the Waverly (a pub that is just next door). I drag myself and a few friends looking for a late night bite and it turns out, this place is always delish. They have a great selection of fried fish delights. My favourite tends to be the classic fish and chips with a side of fries. The fish is always so fresh and melts in your mouth. The batter is not too thick and is flaky and yummy. The small potion of fish satisfies my appetite, but don't be scared to try the bigger portion, as one bite will leave you wanting more of this good fried stuff. Their sauces are also very tasty and the selection is good. Paprika, tartare, cari, yum. Some of my friends do the poutine-fish and chips combo, but I've never been that wild. Although the poutine does look and smell good (dark gravy and home fries: the good stuff). Other items to try are the burgers and also the tempura shrimp. This place is quite small, but very cozy, so look through the window beforehand to see if there is room. The main seating area is a U-shape low-bar with stools, which I always find quite comfy and fun. I definitely recommend this place for either a late night snack or casual grub-catching with friends.
4	The atmosphere is really relaxed (with only bar seating) and you can tell they care about one thing only: the food. The fried fish has a light and perfectly crunchy batter.  I only tried the Thai sauce but it was great with a little hint of heat.  The only thing I was a little disappointed with was the malt vinegar.  I like it strong, but even after heavily spraying the fish I could barely taste it :(
4	Great value. The food is fresh, portions generous, casual service is good and most importantly the food tastes great.I went last Thursday for fish & chips, YUM! Liked the brownie cheese cake square to be had for $2.50 - what can you get for $2.50 for dessert? Small but enough as I had the large portion of fish.Saturday, I introduced my mom, she had the poutine, I the all-beef dog, fries & calamari. We left satisfied & with half my fries & calamari to eat later.We'll definitely be back.The only thing I didn't like is that they don't take any credit card(s), but that's part of how they can keep their prices down.FYI there is a delivery fee of $3.55.
1	I read about the fab poutine at this place on a food blog.  Not so.Admittedly nice fries, but tasteless gravy and cold, lumpy cheese curds. This poutine could have benefited heaps from an effortless toss under the broiler, coaxing things into a tasty melt.  The curds were cold and lifeless, not squeaky and moist like they should be.  Not to mention the flavorless gravy.  Sure it's a chain and their gravy is artificial, but Smoke's offers better value and better flavor.  I truly wish it weren't so.  I wanted to love this place and left hungry and unhappy.
4	Comptoir 21 was a very pleasant surprise as I've seen it on Yelp but today walking by it we knew we had to try it!  A cute little Fish & Chips shop so hipster in Mille End it fits the eclectic mood of the neighbourhood quite well!  You tend to feel like you are in a old school diner with the communal sitting around the bar with round bar stools.  A clear view of the kitchen is a wonderful way to bring openness and charm to this place.  The decor of the distressed wood floors and open design feels quite communal yet not too intrusive!  The menu is simple yet efficient as there is a good selection for landlubbers (burgers) as well (if fish and seafood are not quite your style)!  I went with the fish (cod) and poutine and my wife went with just a poutine.  The fish was so fresh and crispy...big fish flakes.  I'd rate it up there as one of the best in Montreal I've tried, especially for the price!  The poutine was quite yummy also as the gravy was not too salty and just the perfect amount of "gooeyness"!  Fries were hand cut and not too salty!  A few other patrons had kids there and everyone looked quite satisfied after finishing their meal!  We definitely want to come back and experience Comptoir 21 again!
4	Excellent to discover all great little dishes. Any kind, all unique.A place for happy hours of a nice dinner with friends. A lot of ambiance.Wine is perfectly proposed.I do not have a sweet tooth, but dessert are excellent.I would go back to try appetizers again and again!
5	Loved it. Great fish n chips. Price and value is very good. Sit at the counter, order and eat. Simple as that.
4	Fish and chiiiipsssss are the best. Don't try anything else than that. And no fries, they're not that good anyway.
5	Fish and chips are excellent but the real show are their hot dogs and steal sandwiches. Their hot dogs 'all dressed' are cheap, filling, and very very good. All the condiments and coleslaw are pretty well made. The steak sandwich has a really good bread smothered in melted cheese, sweet red peppers, mushrooms, and plenty of steak to fill you. Relatively cheap too! Go here to lunch all the time. Their poutine is pretty good too, I believe it's vegan but it has a bit too much pepper I find.
4	good fish and chips but found them to be greasier than i'm used to.place is usually full but if there's a place to sit at, you're better off sitting down for a nice hot meal. i did takeout once and boy, everything turned to mush and really wet paper bag. no one wants wet paper bag. and no mush & greasy fish either.on cold days, i greatly enjoy their chowder with a spoonful of pepper. it clears those nasal canals really well. i don't know if its the best chowder in town as its not that easy to find but i found it to be good.portion sizes are indeed quite filling so sampling is not recommended by yourself. nevermind what i said if your stomach is a blackhole.the u-shaped table makes the experience more fun than sitting staring at a damn wall for 30 minutes.. a mirror would improve things as one can always ask who's the fairest of them all while enjoying some fish ;p
5	I didn't know what great poutine is supposed to taste like until I tried Comptoir 21. Super soft curds and really nice gravy (not too rich, not too salty - pretty perfect). In addition, we tried the fish and chips, which were the best we have ever had (and my husband used to travel quite a bit to London). Thin and crispy outside, along with a malt vinegar spray bottle (for even coating! brilliant!), and very flaky inside. Great cole slaw (?) side. Just amazing.
5	The Best fish and chip in town! Love the one at willington street! Waiter was so nice and funny too!
2	My favorite fish and chips place in Rhode Island closed down, so when I saw this place during my most recent trip to Montreal, I pounced. The place is counter service (as the name suggests) and cute. I wouldn't come with a group bigger than 4. The prices were fair, the food was OK, and portions were generous. The fish and chips was good but not what I had in mind when I thought New England-style fish and chips (and I assume that's what they go for because they have chowdah on the menu). The fish was tender but the batter wasn't as light as I would expect from beer battered (I am not sure theirs is). Fries were good, that's standard. Slaw was oil and vinegar, not creamy, but very tasty. The tartar sauce... that's where it all broke down for me. I am big on tartar -- every bite of fish and chips I eat needs to have tartar. Whomever came up with this recipe, I am sad to say, has never had real tartar. This looks like some greenish, herby mayo sauce and it lacks the acidity of real tartar. Also no hint whatsoever of relish/pickles in the sauce. Not a bad sauce, but definitely very far from tartar. We also tried the calamari, which was a great deal for $6. They were good, but I didn't keep going for more the way I normally do. These were dredged in flour before being fried but the crust flaked off very easily; it didn't stick.What made our experience less pleasant was that they don't take credit cards, only Canadian debit cards. American debit is run the same as credit, so your cards won't be good here. There are no banks around and the 2 nearest bodegas had broken ATMs. So I ran 6 blocks to another bodega to take out cash and then ran 6 blocks back to pay. The waitress was very nice and apologetic, but if you have this problem often like it seemed they do, then let us know before we order so we can figure something out.OK if you're in the area and have cash, but I wouldn't go out of my way for it.
