5	This bridge provide the best view of PN Baseball Park and has the name of Roberto Clemente a Puerto Rican who play baseballs with Pittsburgh Pirate all his career. Clemente beside of been a great sportmen was great humanitarian by providing community aid and sport equipment to his native Puerto Rico and other Latin America countries. He died in airplane crash trying to deliver aid from a horrible earthquake in Central America.
5	The Roberto Clemente bridge built in the early 1920's was formerly the 6th street bridge, connecting downtown Pittsburgh with the North Side of the city, crossing over the allegheny river. It's one of three identical bridges built end to end, and there are only four bridges like these in the world, the other is in Kansas City Mo. There was a fifth of these self-anchored suspension bridges but it was destroyed during WW2, it was in Cologne Germany. The bridge was lighted and decorated in 2002 by DQE, the blue lights match the decorative lighting of PNC Park, making it almost look like the park and bridge are connected. This bridge is painted Aztec Gold like most of Pittsburgh's bridges. The other two bridges that are built identical to the Clemente bridge are the former 7th street bridge known as The Andy Warhol bridge and the Rachel Carson bridge, formerly the 9th Street Bridge.
5	Beautiful Pittsburgh landmark.  When going to a sporting event, I always park in the 6th street garage, so I always have to pleasure of walking over this bridge.  It is just a great city landmark, and if you are walking on it after a big Steelers or Pirates win, I am sure you will smile when you hear the Saxophone player who can play you any song in the world when you shout it out as you are walking by.
5	Even though I was there 8 years ago, i'm still giving this 5 stars.  During game days the bridge is closed off to vehicular traffic making this a pedestrian only bridge, adding to the gameday atmosphere leading you right to the gates of PNC Park.  Now if only the Bucs can put a winning product on the field....
5	It's one of those bridges that just feels like home. If you're living outside of Pittsburgh and someone shows you a picture of the Clemente Bridge, you go, 'ahhh, yeah, that's my city.'Many a good conversation is to be had - or at least, overheard - on the walk over following a Buccos game. Before, during, and after Pirates games, the bridge is shut down to vehicles so pedestrians can have full use of it. On any given night, you'll see performing arts college kids busking for some dollars, the hilarious Pittsburgh sax man making up songs against the opposing team, and people selling funny Pirates shirts for dirt cheap prices.Of course, there's also my personal favorite water bottle guy at the corner of the bridge - his water bottles are just $1, but they'll cost you $4 if you buy them at PNC Park!Great views too - bring your camera and you can snap some great shots of the river, the ALCOA clock, and PNC Park from the outside. You can even see the little spot along the Riverwalk that was home of the River Police in Striking Distance!All in all, definitely one of the Top 10 Bridges of Pittsburgh!
5	So I walked this bridge many times on my way back and fourth from the Pirates game. The Bridge is closed during Pirate games, but has a safe walking area even when cars are allowed on.  The bridge has beautiful views and on one end a guy selling $1 waters and Pirate Swag.
5	I love that Pittsburgh has a "party" bridge.  At least this year!  The Rubber Duck kick off party was hosted on the bridge and while not official "parties" anyone that was there after a Pirates victory towards the end of the season and into the post season will tell you that it was the best party around!The bridge is closed to vehicles during home Pirates games so fans can park downtown and walk to the stadium.  This is a great feature as it eases some of the traffic congestion on the North Side. A walk over the bridge provides gorgeous views of the skyline or great views of PNC Park (depending on which direction you are walking in).  It is also enjoyable to stop mid way and take in the view.  Even when it isn't closed to cars, it is still a pedestrian friendly option with sidewalks separated by a barrier on either side of the road.  I highly recommend a stroll across this bridge.
5	If you plan on attending a Pirate game be sure to park in one of the parking garages in town and walk across the Roberto Clemente Bridge. The bridge closes to vehicle traffic on game days for pedestrians only.  A statue of Clemente is adjacent to the bridge as you enter to ballpark. The bridge has a great photo opportunity. Enjoy the game!!!
