4	This location is really clean and has a really friendly staff... They have a cool area in the back that's kind of like a lounge pretty hip. They have free wifi  so get yourself a Big Mac and surf the internet for the calorie count.
2	My most recent visit, has left me questioning the professionalism of this local establishment. During which, while Samara my cashier took my order, I observed two individuals in plain clothes walk behind the counter, passed her and three other employees, to what appeared to be the 1st drive thru window.Whether or not they are current employees bears no bearing to individuals walking through the kitchen who have no pressing business to do so. In the professional environment, perception is huge and this perception is not positive at all.After having gathered my food, and finished eating it, I observed a gentlemen place and pick up his order, walk towards the restrooms and turned around and placed his food on the counter to walk back to where the first two individuals went to. This lessened my experience that now three plain clothes individuals would casually walk behind the scenes (where my and other patron's food is prepared).One star seems appropriate, but I'll give two assuming this was an isolated incident. Won't be going back for a while, though.
1	Just aweful! Sure hope this is not a pattern at all McDonalds.
3	I don't really go to McDonald much so lately when I stopped to pick up my favorite No. 11 fish fillet meal that the meal has gotten smaller but the price is the same. I mean really a lot smaller.
3	Typical McDonald's in terms of food, however, this location is a lot slower than others. That can be a good thing since your food will be hot and fresh, but not so much if you're limited on time. They always get the orders right, which is a plus.
2	This is a so-so McDonald's location. The pluses are the location (right off of Chandler and 44th St), the giant play area for kids, and the large dining area. The minuses are that the parking lot is a pain, the drive thru is very slow, and the lot just feels kinda dirty. At the end of the day it's all McDonald's food, so my rating is based on the experience, people, and feel of the location. And on this trip, the people seemed like they we're sleep-walking.
1	This place always finds a way to mess up my order, I suggest going to a different location. Employees are always in bad moods also
3	It's really hard to write a review for a McDonalds because what the heck do you expect - it's a McDonalds, and yeah, some are better than others, but the thing that has caused McDonalds to be so popular isn't their service or their food - it's their consistency. You can walk into a McDonalds anywhere in the country and order a burger, and you pretty much know exactly what you're gonna get: Somebody behind the counter who's getting paid very little and is tired of dealing with idiot coworkers and idiot customers, and food that tastes ok but isn't healthy and isn't gonna win any Iron Chef competitions.So what's the deal with this McDonalds? It's exactly what I described above: the average, generic burger joint you have come to expect.  Yeah, some days you're gonna walk in and somebody is going to give you an attitude, and sometimes your order will take longer than you want, and sometimes they'll screw up your order. If any of that surprises you, then allow me to be the first to welcome you to McDonalds.
