4	SHOES!! I LOVE SHOES!!So we go here because I wanted some new Chucks! But to get some for cheap I was like sign me up! I went and looked around and started taking photo when some dude comes and asks if I'm OK? I was like yes, I yelp a lot and was just taking photos for my review : ) He just looked at me funny and carried on. I was like amazed with all the selection! Most were like these funky retro colors that were on sale and the regular solids were like 30$ I did find a pair of purple ones that were like 30$ but I'll wait to get em!They have a wide selection of shoes, clothes, and accessories. They had a special 2 for 25$ shirts for both men and women, and also a very good sale rack for both! Not too many children's clothing but def have shoes for the kids!The staff here is nice and attentive and the store itself is very clean, especially since its very touristy and populated with traffic!! I will def go back and buy my purple shoes!!
4	I got a pair of high tops for $28 that were originally $80. You can bet your big boooty i was very happy.
4	I love to see all of the new styles and seasonal colors on display. It truly makes me happy. The very best part is the sale wall all the way to the back. It's a glorious oasis of size 4's just waiting for me to come by and pluck them, like ripened grapes from the vine :) Delightful!This actual location isn't as fantastic as the one at the South Outlets, but it's good enough for me :)
4	We usually stop by once in awhile when we are in the area to browse the stores to see what is new. Today we stopped in and hit the Mother Load of a deal at The Converse store where we picked up two pairs of All Stars (his and hers). Buy one get one 50 % off so mine only cost $15 bucks! We snagged two pair of shoes and two additional sets of laces for $52 total which is less than 1 pair at full price!We will be back for sure as the selection is great and the staff is friendly. I like that the store is clean and organized as well. My baby boy and I will be back for sure to shop for a great deal!I have a dirty mind.
