4	It's free, and happens every hour at night at the Mirage. It's pretty cool to stop and look at the first time you see it, every time after that you kind of just walk by it and if it happens to be going on you might smile, but continue walking (unlike Bellagio Fountains show which will usually make you stop 9/10 to finish the song..unless it's Celine Dion ..ughh). Anyway, it's definitely fun to watch and it doesn't make you wish you could get those minutes of your life back (like Sirens of TI does). ~G
4	They've changed it you know.It's nicer.It's like the bellagio fountain show with fire and the angry god music playing in the background.Also the flames go higher now which is nice when you're cold.(not when your drunk!)
4	Heck of a lot better than before.  Hard to see from street level but there are flame's shooting up from all over the lake now, not just in front of the volcano.  They move in time to the beat (if you are in one of the rooms above the volcano you'll see it).The volcano itself has been adjusted to have red flowing lava (appearance only, not real lava) in the rocks and the flames coming from the top are much more extravagant with a huge flame at the end that feels and sounds like a dragon (frickin' awesome!).There is NO reason not to see this.  Start at the Bellagio with the fountain, hit here on the way to TI for the Siren show, then over to Wynn for its show: 4 Free shows and a little exercise to boot!
4	The volcano show was just recently upgraded.  I vaguely remember it from before, but it's kick-a** now.  Lots of fire.  So, if it's a cold night (like it was when I saw it a few days ago), the warmth is welcome.It shows every hour on the hour at night.
4	Honestly this show is awesome!! We were stayin at the mirage and we knew they had this show every 30minutes.  I remember vaguely watching it as a child and I thought whats the big deal some fake fire and red steam bubbling out of the rocks.  HECK NO!! We got out and stood where the valet is and a crowd began to gather.  The rocks turned dim a bunch of mini monster looking black balls appeared from the waters and amazing stuff happened.  Shoot there was water, fire,smoke, fire, lights, FIRE!! i dont want to give to much away not like its a surprise but you have to just go see it.  hello its freee and while ur walking the strip and collecting those nude-y cards from those sickos might as well stop and watch this!! realllly cool PLUS the fire keeps u warm when it was a chilly nite but ehh summer time??? step back!!
2	Yes, it's free, but so are those cheesy Greek robot performers at Ceasar's. The show starts at 6 and runs every hour on the hour.  To be honest I think the best part is that on a cold night you can feel the warmth from the fire, but you can also stay warm inside the casino, which is where I will stay next time.
1	This isn't a true review, as I have not seen the show in the last four times I went to Vegas. I'll forgive them on the basis that the last time we went, large banners announced its renovation till November 2008 or something like that. So bf and I walk in the cold all the way to the Mirage, and something looks a little strange- like there are no people waiting for the show, and the water is very low...and look! a tiny sign saying that the volcano is temporarily not showing or something dumb like that. We are annoyed, and have decided to boycott the stupid show from now on. We are going to march right past it next time, even if it is going off.
3	So I would've seen the new and improved volcano show if my friends and I didn't take a taxi everywhere.  However, I saw it on Youtube and I gotta say it's a big improvement with the tribal beats and everything. I think the last time I saw it was when I was13 and I remember I wasn't wowed by it.You can thank the makers of the Bellagio fountain for the new volcano.
4	It was awesome if you're into fire and flashy explosions.Now.... I love those things.What I was missing, however, was the point of it all.... or is fire and flash the point? Is there more reason to it than something along the lines of "We need something to attract the crowds? Oooh let's make an exploding volcano!"?All in all, though..... fire pretty.
1	firrrre hazaaaaaaaaaaaard
2	Hey Mirage: WTF?  No, seriously.  WTF???When you make a big deal out of a multi-million dollar renovation, you better deliver.The show was amazing...PRE-renovation.  I remember standing across the street and feeling heat from the "explosions" 15 seconds prior.  Therefore I anxiously awaited this new show.As the spectacle began, water splashed upward to the beat of loud tiki drums (Choreographed water dances?  Where have I seen that before?...).  The music built.  And built.  And built.  But the "lava" never truly exploded or did anything that took my breath away.  Where was the heat?  The oooohhhs?  The aaaahhhs?The music abruptly stopped, and everyone walked off on their merry little way.  I was dumbfounded.  Disappointed.  Pissed off!I then thought about the possible gambling losses I avoided during that ten minutes, and walked away at least a little relieved...
4	I am surprised that the newly revamped show is pretty awesome!   the new giant eruption plus the drum synced fire makes this one of the better free shows/attractions on the strip for me!
5	ITS FREE!NEED I SAY MORE?Its pretty cool to watch..it entertains you for about five minutes...
3	It was quite an event. we enjoyed it a lot .for the summer time its was a show. would like for it to be more music, a little lava would be good.
5	Great show! Another very cool free event on the strip. We stayed and saw 2 eruptions because it was so good. Last year when I was in LV, the volcano was closed for some construction so we didn't get to see it. I def recommend it if you are near the Mirage after dark.
3	Anything free is alright with me, especially in Vegas! This show is alright, although the volcano flames get so hot you can feel it.
3	It was an ok show. Don't be too dissapointed if you miss it.
4	Another free show on the strip!Must see at least once in your life!
4	Caught this show purely by accident and it wasn't as bad as some people had said it was. Hey, for a town where the price of a buffet has skyrocketed to $20+ per person, you can't beat free. Plus if it's cold outside you get the warm from all that fire, lol!Visit Date: 11/16/09
3	I also caught this by accident as one of the previous reviewers said. I didn't know what to expect so I guess it was fantastic for me since it was a nice free show randomly when I didn't expect it. However, thinking back on it I don't know that it really deserves four stars since it wasn't as impressive as some of the other free shows I have seen in various other casinos on the strip. It's definitely cool if you catch it but it's not a MUST SEE when you're in Vegas.
4	I think the shows are every hour at the top of the hour? Anyways, great stop if you happen to be in the right place at the right time. The fire and water shooting into the air is pretty cool. Definitely something you should see at least once in Las Vegas!
3	OK, its not the Bellagio fountains, I could watch those all day, but the Mirage Volcano is a fun, quick, free must see on the Vegas strip. The Volcano erupts every 15 minutes in the evening.  It is a spectacular show of fire balls and water made to look like lava all choreographed to music. I like it because it is quick too, plus you can see it from the strip or the walkways around the Mirage.  It does get busy around eruption time, so find a spot and enjoy the show!
3	I first tried to see the volcano last January after it re-opened. It was half the reason we chose to stay at the Mirage. It was already closed for repairs. The 2nd time I tried was in August and it was actually open. It's phenomenal. You can actually feel the heat coming off the flames. The volcano is a combination of fire and water set to lights that makes the water look like fire, too.My big complaint is that the show only lasts for about 5 minutes so it feels like it's just getting started when it's over. But it also starts every quarter hour, so that's a good thing too.
4	This is a cool display.  The setting is beautiful, with the lagoon and reflections of the flames on the water.  The palm tree landscape and "Volcano" fit right in.You can feel the heat, too, which is nice on a chilly desert night.  (I assume it sucks in the Summer heat, though!)The show is short, but if you're wandering the Strip and looking for a good diversion for free, this is it.
3	its a free volcano fire show! kinda gets crowded at times, but in vegas there aren't a huge number of free things to do. its pretty amazing to watching, you can feel the heat from the flames. the music is cheesy, like some natives are dancing around the fire about to sacrifice a virgin type thing. watch it once, cause it won't suck. You'll be amused, entertained almost for a few minutes and then be along your way. Makes me wanna roast some marshmallows afterward. There is a tram between the mirage and treasure island if you're too lazy to walk.
3	This volcano is pretty cool, but I can see how it would be SO AMAZING if I were a kid seeing it.  Definitely agree with Jen W.'s description of it: "the music is cheesy, like some natives are dancing around the fire about to sacrifice a virgin type thing."Definitely good to watch at least once, because it's free and will only take 30 minutes of your time. Besides, it's one of the best things to take kids to in Las Vegas.
4	This show is awesome, it is a free street side show, I think the musical choice for the show fits it perfect and is very intense towards the end. I understand others analogies with the whole sacrificing a virgin thing, but if you look at how short the show is, the virgin would have been left hanging. That is the one thing that I would say can be improved on.... Oh I almost forgot, last time i saw the show there was 3 or 4 fire spout things that came up out of the water but did not light through the entire show. This is a must see for any first timers.
4	My wife and I came to the Mirage for our honeymoon.  We had a view of the strip right above the fountain.  While in our room prepping for out first time in Vegas, we heard drums in the distance.  Of course we knew sumpin was going on, so we looked out the window.  FIRST thing we notice is about 500 people shoulder to shoulder on the sidewalk, we got the hint that the volcano was about to erupt!  The show started and we were absolutely amazed!! we loved it!!  And what was great is that we seen it probably 20 times in our 4 night stay.  So that whole time watching it from our room, I told my wife, "lets go down by the fence and watch it right up close!"  We did.....And WOW!!! You actually can FEEL the heat when the volcano erupts.  It was a whole new experience seeing it up close Vs from the room....even though it was very cool from the room as well.  It was fun getting ready for the night life and watching the Volcano do its thing in the mean time.
4	The Mirage Volcano has always been one of the better free shows on the Strip.  So when it "went to sleep" a few years ago, the front of the Mirage was very unappealing and that section of the Strip at night was kind of quiet for a while.  It was also kind of like Disneyland missing the Sleeping Beauty Castle.  So when it finally "awoke" last year, I got excited about it.  I like the new makeover it got, and the music makes it even more lively.  Along with the Fountains of Bellagio, this is a definite must-see on the Strip at night.
4	4 stars--5 stars if yer drunk.  upgraded, 3 times more exciting since i saw it years ago.  huge realistic lava eruptions & fireballs.  i would like to see it 2 more times before i leave tomorrow.  8pm, 9 , 10 , 11 & midnite. get likkered up & watch this MF
4	One of the older free shows in Vegas but still beautiful none the less.  The bellagio fountains still top this but, once you're broke and want something to do, you should certainly come check it out.  It is FREE.
3	A free show of fire, who can complain?The Volcano is something fun to watch if you are walking on by or a pyromaniac. Is it worth waiting for? Only if you really like fire and water that's supposed to look like fire.Good: Fire and free. Bad: Can be cheesy and it gets really crowded.Final: Fun to watch if it's not that crowded.
3	Need to put myself out there, so therefore I'm going to post a few reviews a day and try to review EVERYTHING I've experienced in Vegas.Anyways, a lot of people say the show has improved but I actually liked it much better before. The simplicity of it is what drew me in. It was always so cool to look at this thing as a kid. It wasn't mind-blowing, but where else can you watch a Volcano erupt and feel perfectly safe?Now it's gotten kind of gaudy with all of the special effects and tropical music. I don't think any of the volcanoes in the Pacific Rim are accompanied by a Luau.There are some things which are meant to be simple. This was one of them.
2	Meh, I only booked 2nts here so my preteen daughter and her BFF's can enjoy the pool before summer ends. We've stayed at Mandalay and Golden nugget before and wanted to try something different. I did some research and read that there were 3 water-slides at the Mirage. So, here we are, me and 3 preteen girls and no water-slides...what a bummer, was told the water-slides were taken out a few years ago....hmm what does their website say??? Oh well, we're here and gonna make the most of it....now where's that cocktail waitress with my corona????!!!
3	I remember when this first opened that the number of accidents (rear ending) were in the dozens per night and people were standing in the medians since the sidewalks were so full of people. This was THE show and THE place to be (except during inclement weather as the show doesn't go in high winds). Now? It went off as we were walking by but other than a glance, didn't really break stride to stop and watch.If you have never seen it and are in the area, watch it and check it off your list. Other than that.......meh.
4	When this FREE attraction (erupting every hour from dusk to midnight) was down for remodeling, it was definitely missed (a few months). If you are nearby (walking or driving) you will feel the warmth emitted by this man-made Volcano. Might be a little much during the Summer months. But welcome during the Winter months. Once we hung out by the Volcano to check it out "up close and personal," and many others had the same idea (but then again, it's always like that!). There were people with cameras snapping photos and others taking video of the eruption. Just a warning, it might to be too loud for little ones (toddlers); just might scare them. Worth checking out.
3	In the spirit of taking advantage of all things FREE that Vegas has to offer, be sure to go see the Mirage volcano.  It is a man-made volcano show with music that is kid-friendly and entertaining.
4	The free volcano show is awesome! I liked the idea of 4 typical things to make up a volcano; fire, shooting water, smoke, and lights!The show had a great amount of time for people to enjoy! I thought it was awesome especially since I got to see the show from my hotel room.
3	What's not to LOVE about a FREE show?! If you haven't seen the eruption yet, you should absolutely stop by, it doesn't take too much time out of your day and it only adds to the excitement and magic of your vacation! It's kinda like seeing a Disney show without the characters! There's always a crowd in front taking pictures, but the show is just as good from any distance or angle (think hotel room windows!). Of course it's more exciting when it's up close and personal bc of the music and drums and being able to feel the heat from the fire, but no matter where you see it from, IT'S A FREAKIN' VOLCANO SPEWING FIRE OUT OF ITS GUTS. AWESOME!!!!!!!until maybe the 10th time you've seen it. maybe that's enough. haha. then it's time to move onto the other free shows! :)
3	Fire!Holy crap that was a lot of fire. You could actually feel the heat coming out of the volcano. This show has always entertained me, although only for a short while. It's also very loud which is cool if you're standing on the sidewalk to watch the show. It sucks if you're in your hotel room and you are trying to get some sleep.
4	Woohooo this was surprisingly good for being an outdoor free show! I was standing out there at night in the cold waiting for something to happen and wondering how that big rock is going to look like a volcano. I must say I didn't have big expectations and just let the whole thing happen, I really enjoyed the show and wished it wouldn't have ended so soon.
4	I read about this in the travel guide, and I was thinking, "it's just a volcano." It's cheesy, yes, and with all the hot weather around, who would really want to see fire and endure even more heat? But it was much cooler than I thought, and the fire shoots up pretty high in the air. I'm glad me and travel chica rushed over to see it. It's another Free must-do in Vegas.
3	One of the classic free Vegas attractions and it is still pretty cool. It is something to check out if you are visiting but it is not something like the water show at Bellagio you can watch over and over and still get goose bumps. It is free so I can't complain and we all love fire. It needs an update somehow
3	This is another fun free hotel show on the strip, like the nearby Sirens of TI and fountains at Bellagio. The volcano erupts, shooting flames in the air and "lava" erupts and flows down the mountain to drum beats.
4	The show is fun to watch once or twice.  I stop in to watch it about once a year or so and I find it lots of fun.  It's always as much for me to watch the tourists and listen to them than it is watching the volcano show.The remake that opened a few years ago improved some on the show.  There is much more fire now to simulate a volcanic eruption.This is one of those free shows every tourist needs to do when in Las Vegas.  It's a great photo op, and it's an enjoyable show!
3	Went to the mirage volcano tonight. We just moved here and I have been looking forward to it. Ok for a free show it was good BUT it was only like 3 minutes. Seriously it could have been at least 10. I walked away disappointed. The highlight was the fact that a hungry duck came up so we fed it.
2	Really people? Is this the same volcano I just saw out my hotel-room window about 12 times?If you're walking around, fine, stop and take a peek. But really, I don't think it's necessary to go out of your way for it. We were walking by when it happened to go off, and my instinct was to get away from the crowds of people stopping to watch as quickly as possible.Yes, there are flames. And smoke. And water. And brightly colored lights. I guess it's just one of those things like everything else in Vegas that you should try to go see once.
4	AWESOME fire show! Definitely a must-see for visitors who haven't seen it yet! The show occurs every 15 min from 7pm to 12am (I think the last showing is at 11:45pm). PLUS, it's FREE!! The volcano is facing the strip, so be sure to go early to get a better view! Not only does the volcano erupts, but the pool in front of it performs some sort of show too!
3	It's a decent show worth seeing. I believe it goes off every half hour after 8pm (but I could be way off). Hot, hot heat!
5	Always fun to watch especially with guests visiting Vegas....
5	Free and well put together. I recommend checking it out at night
4	Fire ... eh eh Fire, Fire! -  Yeah that's me trying to do a Beavis and Butthead impersonation. (Did I just date myself?)But seriously. Neat. Free. Relatively easy to bring overseas guests to if you are in that area of the Strip.I guess being a local, I also never realized that there were so many street performers on the Strip at night.
5	Totally didn't expect the awesomeness of this show!!!It was at our hotel, so we figured we should check it out!If you don't get there at least 20-25 minutes early, you will not get a "rail spot".Feeling the extreme heat from the flames is definitely the coolest part. The music is awesome too. Perfectly choreographed volcanic eruptions. Love it.We checked it out twice it was so impressive!
4	Very cool, i liked it just about as much as the Bellagio fountains. Their is not too much to say about this, definitely a different show then Bellagio. I was walking by it and the most memorable thing was the heat i felt from a great distance away!it was entertaining but i do lose interest in repetition over time.Oh yea, its free!!
4	FREE shows are the best... yes another hot spot for tourists that you have to elbow and nudge your way into... but it's FREE! The volcano show at the mirage is repeated every hour... not sure of the starting time or finishing time though. It's kid friendly and a show for those of any age. The huge volcano shoots up lava accompanied by water and music. It's actually quite nicely choreographed! Better to get a spot right up front to feel the heat and bass from the music... a must see in Vegas! Hell... it beats being close to a REAL volcano (we've got THOSE in Hawaii!)... I'd rather be next to this one! I enjoyed the show!
3	Decent free show for adults and kids to see.  Need to get there early so you can see well.  Otherwise the crowds will obscure your view somewhat.  Gets hot if you are right next to the fence!
4	The Volcano at The Miragehttp://www.mirage.com/attractions/volcano.aspxFor something fun and free to do in Las Vegas, check out The Volcano at the Mirage Hotel & Casino.  It's located directly in front of the Hotel, you can't miss it.  The Volcano comes to life and erupts hourly, on the hour each night weather permitting.  The eruption lasts for about 5 minutes or so and is very cool to watch.
5	Info:-FREE attraction-Begins at 5:00 p.m. and runs every hour on the hour until 11:00 p.m.(nightly)The other night, Don and I decided to be tourists and walk the strip a little. I can honestly say, since moving here 5 years ago, I have not checked out the volcano. When I lived in CA and used to go to Vegas once a year for vacation, we'd always make sure to check out all the free shows, but I stopped doing that once Vegas became my home.We just happened to be walking out of the Mirage at 7:58pm and saw people surrounding the volcano, so we joined in. We had a very nice view from the top area by the valet that wasn't too crowded since a lot of the tourists view from the sidewalk along the strip. At exactly 8pm, the sounds of the birds and animals started getting loud and suddenly water and flames started bursting out of the top. Then some sort of jungle music started playing and little flames on the water started shooting out in sync with the music. It kind of reminded me of the fountains at Bellagio, except with fire. It's really a pretty amazing display that I almost completely forgot about since living here. If you happen to be on the strip during a cold night, I suggest you come check it out to warm yourself up.
5	This item is a must have for your walking tour of Vegas.  Fire and water fountain effects that look like real hot lava!Runs every hour starting at 5:00pm and ending at 11:00pm each night.The railing fills up pretty quick, but this show is just as good from across the street - you can even feel the heat from the flames all the way across the street.
4	How exciting went to see the volcano and it lasted for about 5 minutes I believe and I was surprised that the fire was all on the bottom where the water was overall its just something you don't get to see everyday and it's free! :)
4	Must see show when walking the strip. I was there when they re-opened it and it was a great improvement. I've seen it a few times since and never get tired of it. And it is actually one of the few family friendly shows here.
4	Wish it would have run just a tad longer, although we did only get to watch it from across the street.  It may have been 5 minutes, but darn, it took that long to get across the Venetian's walkways to the intersection.Regardless, it is a free high quality kid friendly show!!  Which is AWESOME in my book.
4	Another one of the terrific free shows that are offered along the Las Vegas strip.Gottta love a FREE show - especially after dropping some serious coin at one of the casinos. I have seen this show many times and it always seems very cool to me. Maybe because each time in my mind I can hear Beavis and Butthead screaming out "Fire! Fire! Heh-heh-heh!"The actual volcano special effects and music had been reinvented a few years ago. The erupting Volcano was the first free spectacle show on the strip back in 1989 and set the template for others to follow. Now, this revamped show has new audio/visual with never-before-seen fire effects and an exclusive soundtrack composed by Grateful Dead drummer and Rock and Roll Hall of Fame member Mickey Hart, and Indian tabla virtuoso Zakir Hussain.Fire bombs are shot into the air and eruptions of lava flow down the mountain's fissures as more flames cover the volcano. The lagoon is covered with flames and as the eruption ignites to the pulsating music you can feel the heat touching your skin. Cheesy good fun for people of all ages. You can get a spot along the railings or even see it from across the street - and still feel the heat from the flames!Eruption Schedule:Begins at 5:00 p.m. and runs every hour on the hour until 11:00 p.m. (nightly)
3	so, apparently there's a exploding volcano thing in front of the mirage. i never knew about this but my boyfriend said there was and in his opinion it is better than the treasure island free show. mind you i have not seen either or. my heart was set on the treasure island show but ended up here and waited with a decent view.as the show started i had very rude girls push their way in front and had their cameras up so my experience was not that great. apparently you can feel the heat of the fire however  i did not thanks to my intruders. the show is less than five minutes. but it's free how can you say no. it's a must see if you've never seen it before. its child friendly, its free, it's semi entertaining, and it helps you burn calories faster due to standing. i say go!
4	So cool! I had a lot of fun, and its free!! We actually stayed at the Mirage, but it never woke me. I think my sister woke up with it, but it didn't seem to bother her too much. It is very short, so I thought that was nice too. Just a little something to spice up your evening! Just some advice, if you are staying at the hotel, make sure you go and see this from the street or valet pick up. It really makes a HUGE difference and is just so much cooler than seeing it from the room!
3	I wish I had gotten a closer view, but it was still an impressive pyrotechnic display. Absolutely worth seeing, and free!
3	It's freeIt's got a good amount of fireIt's freeIt's got some cool lighting affectsIt's freeIt's got some cool sound effectsIt's free It's kinda short and may not be the best show in Vegas but..... IT'S FREE so I'm a fan
4	It's free. Anything lower than 3 stars is blasphemy. When you see lots of people waiting on the rails that means the volcano is gonna erupt soon. Many angles to view it. I actually think this has more people viewing than the fountains at the Bellagio. You can actually feel the flames. Nothing to rave about but a must see if you're in town. It's free so you can't beat that.
5	A spectacular 5-minute show in front of the Mirage, and best of all, it's free!! Plenty of good sound effects and fire being used for the volcano (you can feel the heat depending where you are located). It starts at 7:00 p.m. and runs every hour on the hour until 11:00 p.m.
4	It's free and different. Can't compare to famous fountains but I liked the show. Been to Vegas many times and had never seen it. Pretty much walked by at the right time. Check it out!
3	OK, so we stood and waiting for the "big show" along with a thousand other people. It was OK, you can feel the heat of the flames from quite far away. I have seen it now. If you happen to be walking by check it out, but don't make it the highlight of  your evening.
5	5 stars for a great free show in Vegas. I would suggest getting to the railing about 30-15 min ahead of the show to get a good spot because it gets crowded fast. The show is done well and it's a great experience. The music, the water and fire is all coordinated very well and even my son loved it. The heat from the volcano was intense but then again we were pretty close to the action. If you're in Vegas, make sure you get a chance to catch this free fantastic show.
3	It starts at 8PM every night and goes off every hour until midnight. The volcano erupts and the water shoots flames as well. Gets really hot especially when added to the summer heat waves. The show isn't very long and really just is lava shooting up. It's worth seeing if it's your first time but it's not much of a spectacular show compare to the shows other hotels put on.
4	Free show and the kids enjoyed it, not bad for your typical Vegas tourist trap.The family and I arrived 25 minutes before the show began and managed to get a good view. We all enjoyed the fire plus heat, the cool lights, and the sound effects of the volcano. Next time you are walking by The Mirage with a drink in your hand and have some time to kill, check out the Mirage Volcano for a free light and fire show.
4	Short story:FreeHotLightsFireLong story:My boyfriend and I have already seen the Bellagio water fountain show so we were on the hunt for another free spectacular view. Mirage Volcano it is. Came to the Mirage Volcano after our dinner at Cravings buffet inside Mirage. We had just missed the show so we waited about 40 minutes. The Volcano spewed water, fire and of course heat.I don't think I'd rewatch this show, it was a nice experience yes, but the classy water fountain at Bellagio is enough to awe me.
3	Pretty cool free show to check out, but it is underwhelming
5	Something free in Vegas? SWEET! Runs every hour on the hour from 6p - 11p.
5	I had the pleasure of watching the volcano show from my Mirage hotel room on the 17th floor. I'm glad to experience watching the volcano show at night while getting ready to hit the bar, club or casino. Also it's FREE!!It always has been and always will. The Secret Garden by Siegfried and Roy use to be free but now comes with a price and even hotel guests don't get in for free. At least they don't charge you to watch the Volcano show!! =P
5	Too cool!!
5	Better than a real volcano! I had the pleasure of watching from my room as usual . best man made volcano I have ever seen .
5	I first saw the volcano on my 21st birthday, a loooooong time ago.  Don't ask.And it was good then.  I loved feeling the heat of the flames on a cold night.  The rumble of the ground and the volcano reached it's boiling point.  Aside from it being free, it's a very entertaining "longer" show you can watch from the strip.  Best view for me is on the balcony next to where the cars drive up to the main entrance of the hotel.Over the years, the volcano has gone through many changes.  Not good changes - to the point where I stopped making this a regular "must see" on my trips.This last trip, we decided to give it another go, and we're so glad we did.  The show is fantastic now.  Still long, still keeps you warm on a cold rainy night.  Definitely worth a few minutes to enjoy.  It's BACK!
4	Spectacular show-Vegas style! Everything that I want a safe and fake volcano to be! Quite pretty to see at night but on the other hand I am glad it is free.
5	I always missed this attraction on my past trips. For this trip, I told Jesse that I didn't want to miss it again. We waited fifteen minutes before the show started and got the front row. It was spectacular. The Volcano was really hot. It was an awesome attraction, however the Bellagio fountain is still on top of my list but the Volcano is one not to be miss.
4	Likes: Who DOESN'T like to watch a volcano erupt??!  Safely, of course.  Free show every hour at night by the Mirage hotel.  Check it out.  It's dope.
4	It's free!  It is located in front of the Mirage Hotel, and goes every hour starting at 6pm I believe.  As mentioned in other reviews, it is not as nice as the Fountain show at Bellagio.  Still, it is a must see if you are visiting Vegas for the first time.
3	Who doesn't love fire though?! It's a good stop for everyone, but this is definitely one where I see the kids, specially boys really enjoying themselves. It got a update a few years ago with a bit more razzle dazzle with lights and luau music. Some people like that more, some people don't and like the OG one without all that. The volcano begins at 5:00 p.m. and runs every hour on the hour until 11:00 p.m. I was hoping my nephews and niece would get to see this on their visit, but unfortunately it's getting maintenance. I've seen it many of times though before and the new and say it's worth the stop as you're walking along and happen to be here. I wouldn't say it's long enough of a show to go out your way to come here for this. If you're next door at the Forum shops, or just finished the Sirens show at TI, then walk on over to this.(Yelp 100 Challenge 38/100)
4	The Volcano show in front of the Mirage was cool. The Volcano at the Mirage is another free show you can watch on the Las Vegas strip. I really enjoy the show.The fire syncing together was cool. The grand finale was the best part in my opinion.Spectacors can feels the heat from the fire. I took some cool pictures of the fire coming out the valcano.Its best to watch the Volcano show at night. I recommend watching the Volcano at the Mirage,you will not be disappointed.
5	another free show on the vegas strip. this show is awesome. great effects and good for the kids. good for people of all ages actually.
3	The Volcano is a free show in front of the Mirage Hotel & Casino shown nightly every hour from 7-11pm. The main peak resembles more of a rocky hill than what some would envision a volcano to look like. It basically is a fire and water show. There are a few main larger flame projectors and water spouts on the 'volcano' and alot of smaller flame projectors jutting out around it on the lake.There is also a few flame projectors along the sides of the volcano.  Music sounds like some polynesian tune with alot of drumming. Definitely something to catch while sightseeing in Las Vegas but it didn't quite wow me.
5	The strip wouldn't be the same without it and I love how no matter the cost, the Volcano still burns! This is a staple.
3	Overall rating is 3.5 stars out of 5.I really didn't feel like going to see the Volcano fire show down by the Mirage Hotel & Casino but wife was determined and insisted we see it before we left Vegas, so we did.One of the things that most intrigued me was that it was FREE (I mean who doesn't like free stuff, and you don't find too many free things in Vegas). So after watching the show I thought it was pretty cool. I didn't think it was breathtaking however, I do think it was worth the trip. Especially since I've never seen it before.I do believe the Volcano fire show is something that should be put on the list of stops, if you haven't seen it before or if you have kids. One thing to note is that it would better suit you to try and get there early so you have a better viewing spot (You don't want to get stuck behind any tall people). In conclusion, as much as I did enjoy the show I do feel that the Fountains of Bellagio is a better show. But hey that's just me.
4	Pretty fun for a free show.
3	It is what it is, a volcano. It's pretty impressive the heat this thing puts off, 100 feet away and it feels like you stuck your head in an oven. Definitely worth a stop if your walking the strip.
2	If you don't have better things to do, go and enjoy it.If you have been in Disney or Universal Studios this is crap.
3	"THE ROCK! THE ROCK! THE ROCK IS ON FIRE! WE DONT NEED NO WATER, LET THE M**********R BURN! BURN M**********R BURN!"Ok so I got a little bit bored watching this. When it first starts, you hear some sort of Hawaiian tribal music. Then the water surrounding the volcano starts to bubble. Then small flames start coming out of various places. For the next 8 minutes or so things start getting bigger and louder until it culminates into a big bang. Then all is quiet again until the next hour all the way to midnight. The start time was at 5 pm last time I looked but sometimes they change it.Now if I was in control of things, I would play music associated with fire. "Come on baby light my fire", "This girl is on fire", and any other song that involves fire would be playing. Heck, I would even hire a DJ to spin mixes in between each show. At the end of the show, I would have water sprinkle the crowd a bit during the hot summer months.It's a decent free show. Definitely better than the Pirate show next door, which I gave 1 star.
5	The best free show out there in Vegas.The effects are really great. You feel the happenings even from a distance. The accompanying music is so very appropriate.
4	Water + fire + tribal drum beats = fun for everyone, no matter if you're 9 or 99. The Mirage has stepped up their game in a great way. Gone is the boring show from when I was a kid, and it was a glorified fountain. Now you've got a spectacle that actually makes you feel like you are in some tropical paradise.I've sent other reviewers warn about not getting to close... Not to worry. They now put up a fence backing up the crowd a bit. Still warm (which I thought was great since I was cold), but you definitely won't burn.
4	Good picture. good For Kids. Free. Got to check it out at least once, especially if you have kids.
5	We practically sprinted to catch this show. We were watching the bellajio fountain show and I almost didn't even remember to check out the volcano. It was a hike, because we only had 20 minutes to battle the Friday night strip crowd, but it was well worth the sprint. It is short, but beautiful! What a production!
4	In all my visits to Vegas I can't believe I've never seen the Mirage Volcano!This is certainly one of the Vegas Strip things you must do. It's free, need I say more. Head out at nighttime before the top of the hour to get a good viewing spot. However, don't get to close. I had to move further away because my eyes and face felt really warm for the large bursts of flames. On a cold night, this would probably be an awesome place to come warm up, lol.
5	Every hour on the hour during Winter 5-11 pm. This volcano may look little and unimpressive, but it is hands down my favourite entertainment in Las Vegas. The first time you see it, it starts off a bit uninspired with a meagre fog and red lights, but the water, flames, fog in conjunction with the hyped soundtrack makes the eruption rather thrilling. Have patience, it gets better. Don't you walk away until ALL the lights go off.
5	This show is fun to watch in the night, whenever it's on.Keep watching and you will see the fog, lights, water "eruptions", and of course, FIRE.  If you're close to the front, you will feel the intense heat of the fire, and it's going to feel really good if that night is cold. Try to arrive early as the viewing area gets crowded.Well, enjoy the free show!
5	This my second favorite Strip attraction behind the Bellagio Fountains. Definitely worth your time.
4	The volcano show at the Mirage is my personal favorite tourist attraction in entire Las Vegas. The fire show with loud jungle type music is a perfect outdoor show when it's cold outside. The fire literally keeps you warm. Even though it lasts only about 5 minutes, it is spectacular. I have only one issue with this, the wait time between each show is an hour. An HOUR?!?! This is the only reason i gave it the 4 star. Located right in front of Mirage, next to Treasure Island. Highly recommended!
4	I'm seriously surprised that anyone can have a complaint for what is a free show in vegas, what's wrong with you people?This is a simple free show similar to the bellagio fountains, the sirens of TI, the Caesar's forum shops. It's nice, flashy, free and short. If you're walking along the strip in the evenings, you stop and watch the shows, then continue on your way.
5	This was INTENSE. Be weary if your watching it on the street side near the gate over looking the water. The flames may not be close, but the heat will slap you in the face! If your drunk, it's like wtf moment. It's a very hot show. The musics very fun too. Show goes on every 30 mins. (They need to speed that up, it's Vegas people!). It's very pretty to view & trust me, you'll enjoy it!
5	Oh Vegas.You've changed. Friend to friend.It's not for the better.The days when every hotel was competing to get you up to the front of the hotel with free shows are over. And yea.. if I sound like a broken record about it.. that's because I am extremely bitter about it.Vegas used to give you the ability to visit on a budget, enjoy yourself.. waste only some of your money in their slot machines and still have a blast.All the frustration aside... the Mirage still does it right. The volcano is one of the most fun and attended attractions in Vegas still to this day. The girlfriend and I watched this twice in one night from different vantage points.. Highly recommended. It's a blast of a time. You feel the heat and you can't help but get into the drum beat.
5	Omg crazy!!!The fire syncs with the music and you can definitely feel the heat! We were in a REALLY good spot...any closer and all of our hair would've singed off hahaaOther than the heat, the actual show was really cool :) something I would want to experience again!
5	Worth the 5 min walk down the strip! Free entertainment, but it's HOT HOT HOT! It's already 100 degrees, so be prepared for more heat. Really cool to watch!
5	This was way more elaborate and intense than I expected it to be. I'd been expecting a rumbling fake mountain and some flashy orange lights. Because of that, the massive inferno shooting fifty feet into the air, giving off enough heat that I backed up from the railing, came as something of a surprise. Nice tribal music to create ambiance, elaborate pyrotechnics, and enough intensity that you feel a little scared and hope they know what they're doing here. Perfect! My compliments to the Mirage for coming up with such a fun and pure-Vegas addition to the Strip!
5	The volcano show is free and it's worth seeing! It's about 5 minutes long, along the strip at the Mirage Hotel. It plays at very decent times during the night 8pm to 1:30 a.m. When the music plays, the fire follows it.Catch this show, while you're walking along the strip in the night time. Take a video of it too! :-)
4	One of the oldest attractions on the strip but its age does not show. Definitely worth checking out.
4	More free entertainment on The Strip!  While the tacky, tiki, tribal music is the indicator that their hourly show is about to start, you'll also see bubbling water and lots of fire.  Hey, it's a volcano in the desert, babie!It's a small little area where the volcano show actually is and if you have The Strip view at The Mirage, it's pretty nice watching it from the comfort of your room.  If you're actually on the street though, you'll get the feel of the heat from the flame and see the brightness of the fire.  Watch it at night with a frosty margarita in a tourist cup!While it may not be as pretty as watching the dancing waters at The Fountains in front of Bellagio, it's still fun to watch.  Who doesn't love fire?  It makes the pyro in all of us pleased.
5	I think the explosion of the volcano is so cool. They make it happen as if it was the real thing. You are able to feel the heat of the fire on your face while standing far away from actual volcano. Show times are at the top of every hour and free of charge.
5	Went to see the update and was blown away, literally!  Amazing music and pyrotechnics, all for free.  Advice: the best place to see the show is on the strip, right near the volcano, if you can see the valet car port for the Mirage from where you are standing then in you're in the right place.  Also DO NOT rely on the Mirage website for a schedule, it's always wrong, call in advance as sometimes it starts late (8pm), and sometimes ends early (11pm).
4	FREE FREE.. Great show . Kids loved it. We got a good spot. Recommend reaching there a few minutes ahead to get good viewing spot.. Or else you might have 20 IPADS/Tablets/ phones/Go pros blocking your View:)
3	One of the many things I love about Vegas is the various little free shows. The volcano show at the Mirage is nice. It's not super spectacular or anything. But it's pretty darn cool. There's drums and whatnot. And lots of fire. Big spurts. Little spurts. Torches springing to life. It's a sight to see. And you can view it from various different vantage points. You can stand right up front. Warning: It can get QUITE warm with all those flames. Or you can view it from a distance. A red traffic light in your car. Across the street on the corner. Or from a balcony area around the Venetian. It's free, it's neat. Come see it.
