4	In spite of healthy skin care practices, my teenage acne RETURNED upon moving back to Arizona from Colorado. Damn. This. Heat.Disclaimer: I'm not one of those women who flip out when a "major breakout" of three small zits appear. I'm talking a flood of oil, cystic acne and mega redness. NOT A GOOD LOOK AT 24.My teenage brother recommended Dr. Kwon to me. My Dad also had MOHS surgery here when his doctor thought there was skin cancer on his nose. They both spoke of his humor (THIS DUDE IS PURE COMEDY!) and his committment to finding solutions for patients. It's took almost a year of co-pays, reactions to the wrong topicals, not wearing make-up on my face for months at a time, trying anything and everything . . . but my face has finally returned to a clear state. It was worth it. I'm in "maintenance" mode now, so hoping this keeps up through our Summer of Hell until I go back in November! :)
1	To begin, I simply found this dermatology office using an Internet search engine. It was NOT recommended by anyone.  Upon arriving for our 11:30 appointment, I completed the new patient paperwork.  Pretty standard stuff.  Waited in lobby, and was eventually called into the examining room.  All's good so far.Then, an assistant came in to write some details down for the "doctor" to see.  (And I use the term "doctor" loosely.)  Anyway, the assistant was extremely pleasant and inquisitive, and if she were the doctor, this review would be completely different.Anyway, the "doctor" knocked, and entered. Her appearance was more of an evening entertainer than of a doctor.  The overdone eyelashes with gold accents, along with her hair cascading over one shoulder would make any reasonable person think to themselves "Is this a nightclub?  Or a doctor's office?"In any event, in preparation for this appointment, we had brought in all of the different products, or other medications we were using, assuming this "doctor" would take the time to tell us which ones we should continue to use, or at least explain with some sort of knowledge, on why we should or should not use the products.BUT NO, instead, this "doctor" went into a canned pitch on selling Glytone Mild Gel which is (and I quote her) "only available for DOCTORS or MEDICAL OFFICES to sell"And of course, I have decent insurance, so I ask if it's available as a prescription at my local pharmacy? (Using my small copay), yet he reply was no...BUT, STILL HAVE TO BUY IT FROM A DOCTOR"So, moving on, and still with the "doctor" in the office, I ask her to please look at the products that my son was using and to help me understand what to do.  She picks up just one bottle, looks at it, gives a sarcastic comment (that I do not recall) on why it doesn't work, and then moves on.She asks "Any more questions?"  My initial thought was, "Yeah, do you actually have a degree?  Or, do you simply survive on looks alone?"  But, instead, I just said "no thanks, were fine", and went to the check-out area to buy this Doctor Sold only "GLYTONE MILD GEL WASH"So, she brings it out, but not realizing that I had a UPC shopping scanner on my phone. Of course, this is not going to pop up!  How can it, being only available to doctors and all.I scan the box.  Did it pop up as selling elsewhere?  YES!!! In fact, while this office sold it for $32.00, it was available all over for as little as $17.99!!!  It's no wonder the doctor recommended this product.  She probably thinks that the majority of their clients won't check options, and of course, why would they?  Their "doctor" said it's only available through medical offices.Bottom line?  This place needs to be exposed for what they really are.Good news? (For me anyway) I did not agree to that 30 day follow up appointment that she tried to sell...to capture more co-pays...and more insurance money...I'll bet "CASSANDRA SHORE" is a big hit with all of the "MEN"  she......ahem....."treats".
1	Well, I must say I agree with Jeff T. regarding Cassandra Shore as far as wanting to make money on co-pays etc. I normally see Dr John Kwon but when I made an appointment to see him he was not available and maybe on vacation so they had me see Dr Shore. It appeared I had an ingrown hair and since it wasn't healing I thought maybe I needed an anitbiotic to prevent it from getting any worse. Once Dr Shore looked at it she said it should heal. She said if it didn't get better with in couple days to come back to see her. After leaving the office I thought to myself why didn't she just give the antibiotic. I figured shit, she's a Dr so she must know better then me, right?  A couple days went by and it appeared worse and definitely not better. So I went back to the Dr Office and they asked me to pay another $20.00 co-pay. I argued with the  office manager over it saying why should I pay you another co-pay when the Dr said to come back if it wasn't getting better!? Its for the same problem. The office manager just said because my insurance requires a co-pay. I asked her if I was having stitches removed would you require another co-pay? She said no that's different. I said its for the same problem and were talking 3 days! I then explained to the manager that all I need is an antibiotic, so can you just ask the Dr to call in a perscription for me? She said just a minute and went to talk to Dr Shore. She came back and said no, she has to see you. So I really had no choice but to pay the $20.00 co-pay but asked if she could bill me for it and she said NO. So I paid the co-pay and was seen again by Dr Shore. I was in the room for like 1-2 minutes before she says yes you need an antibiotic. I said to myself, NO SHIT LADY! I TRIED TO TELL YOU ALL THAT! Obviously they just wanted to make more money off my insurance and myself. So as I walked out of the room Dr Shore apologized for having to see me again. I sincerely believe It was superficial and I said to Dr Shore and the office Manager, "For twenty dollars you just lost a patient and earned a bad review." They didn't say anything. You would think they would say something. I mean if I ran an office or was the owner etc the last thing I would want is a negative review or an unhappy client. I would at least talk with them and try and resolve it. Bottom line is that office is out to make the money not caring about their patients. I have nothing bad to say about Dr Kwon as I have seen him approximately 2 times total. He was very knowledgeable and nice. However it is his office and if that's how he chooses to run it and allow his staff and Dr Shore to lie and deceive patients then he is just as bad. I will never go there again. If I had read a review like Jeff T. prior then I never would have even gone to that office in the first place. I do wonder if Dr Kwon even knows whats going on in his own office or maybe he just doesn't care and is like all of them. JUDGE FOR YOURSELF.
4	Fast, professional, and as enjoyable as someone cutting off your skin can be.
1	Hi again! Apparently the review below which I wrote on August 9th 2013 and also place it on the DR's website for reviews mysteriously disappeared from the DR's website. Who knows how many other reviews he deleted. As of today is when I checked it just after receiving a letter from DR Kwon saying they will no longer see me. The letter was a waist of time and paper as I already made it very clear to them that I was switching Dr's. I'm glad I also placed my original review on YELP which is where I saw Jeff's review. The Dr may be able to erase his bad reviews on his website, but not on YELP! http://www.vitals.com/doctors/Dr_John_Kwon/reviews#ixzz2ciZnds5R Doctor Reviews and Ratings Follow us: @Vitals on Twitter | Vitals on Facebook
2	The organization of the office is poor, at best. The medication my daughter was on has very specific, government regulated requirements and involves monthly blood draws and follow up appointments, etc. Multiple times, they failed to take that into account and scheduled appointments too early only to be realized when we showed for the appointment. Then, they failed to update (or give us a new order) for the blood draw, causing more wasted time and unneeded episodes of taking my daughter out if school only to find out after much time has been wasted. The providers were good, but the disorganization of the office staff prompted us to find a new office. They make you sign paperwork that you will be charged a fee for missing appointments, but the office seems to have no regard for the time wasted because of their errors- maybe I should send THEM a bill for "missed appointments" (appointments WE showed up for, but rescheduled by them, because if THEIR scheduling oversights...).
