5	Durangos has the best food. Their salads are my favorite. The restaurant started in St. George, Utah and I just found out that they opened one here. It is on the other side of town from where I live, but I am more than willing to drive the 25 minutes to go there! I always get the same thing, because it is so good. Small salad (which is more than enough), with black beans, lime rice and marinated chicken. They put their sauce over the beans and rice with some cheese which melts it all together. I get marinated chicken, but my husband loves their sweet pork.  Then they top off the salad with guacamole, pico de gallo, and sour cream. Get their spicy tomatillo dressing, it is delicious. Warning: this place is addicting!
3	Well, this is how I found Durangos. I put in my GPS that I wanted to go to Qdoba and this is where it took me. I know for a fact that this Durango's used to be a Qdoba because I've eaten there before back when it was a Qdoba. I was really, really disappointed because I had my heart set on a Queso Chicken Burrrito.ANYWAY, I decided I was already here so I might as well try the place out. I believe it must not have opened very long ago. First off, it's a bit different from your Qdobas and Chipotles. They offer wheat tortillas (for an extra price! Um, I don't think Zaba's charges you extra if you want wheat). And they do have a menu that has salads, tacos, burritos, and enchiladas. They have enchiladas because they have enchilada sauce. They also put the sauce on top of the burritos (wet burritos).I ordered the grilled chicken burrito. Here's what is nice: they do grill the chicken meat before they put it into your burrito. Next they offer three types of beans, two types of rice (I got black beans and Spanish rice). Cheese goes inside and on top of your burrito. IF you get the sauce option on top (which I did not) they send your burrito through a heating device so it melts the cheese on top (I'm assuming). I thought my burrito was okay, nothing spectacular and I must admit I like Qdoba and Chipotle better taste-wise.PROs: It's different, more options, good if you want to eat a burrito with a fork. They offer a small size (which is HUGE) I can't even imagine what the regular looks like, it must be the size of my head.CONs: Not really the best if you want to eat your burrito with your hands. They do not wrap them up in foil. Also, for some reason when I was there, there were ladies in front of me who wanted lettuce inside their burritos (I like mine that way too), but the employees insisted the salad came on the side of the burrito with pico de gallo. Instead of asking they put the lettuce in my burrito I just let them do it how they wanted and ended up mixing the lettuce into my burrito on my own.I don't know... I doubt I'd make a return trip. It's far away from where I live. But maybe if they opened one closer to me I would go back to try something different, like their enchiladas.
3	I happened upon this relatively new restaurant while driving to another restaurant within the same plaza.  I know that it was a Qdoba before, but I have never been to any Qdoba restaurants.  So when the restaurant I intended to go to was closed in observance of Passover, I decided to make a mental note to come try this place in the near future.Fast forward about a week.  I walked into a mostly empty restaurant that was decorated as if you are dining in an outdoor courtyard, except you are indoors.  It has some Mexican themed decorations, such as the hanging dried chilis.Since this was the very first time I have been to this restaurant, I didn't realize that it was actually part of a small national chain (this being the third location and they have one in Utah and I can't remember where else).  Their main thing is the burrito with sauce both on the inside and outside that they called Burrangos.  I tried to describe it to my friends and they said that it is similiar to the Cafe Rio Wet Burrito (I will take their word for it, as i have never been to Cafe Rio).  There are a variety of meats to select from (I  opted for the grilled steak, which was very tender) and for vegetarians, they have grilled vegetables.  You have your choice of three different beans, two kinds of rice (tomato base and lime rice), three sauces (mild, medium and hot - the medium wasn't really spicy) and finally cheese.  After it is assembled, the burrito is placed on a conveyor that moves it along while baking it (think Quiznos or something like it).  Overall it was a decent burrito presented differently.Just FYI:  The "regular" size burrito is actually their large, and it was a decent size burrito.  They have a frequent visit card, which I assume will give you something for free after 10 visits/purchases.The staff that works here are friendly and did not mind explaining the menu to new customers.  That is always a plus.A-OK!  Three stars.
1	STAY AWAY. There is a creepy 50 something guy that is working there. He never changes his gloves either and made some disturbing comments to my friend. This gentleman looks like a misplaced construction worker. There was a Mexican kid right next to him making tortillas and he bullied his way into making all the orders. He should be digging ditches. Also the cashier was another white guy that seemed out of place. At least RIO keeps it real with workers who I usually can't understand. Anyway, the food is equally disappointing in this chain hell. You got three kinds of beans - all of which looked nasty and my pinto beans lived up to that hype. Enchilada was a disaster - don't order grilled chicken, it appears to be packaged strips thrown on the grill prior to cooking. Prices were reasonable. No salsa bar at all and the rice (at least the Mexican kind) was very gummy. This is not even Mexican food. Go across the shopping center and get a great falafel. This place should close soon, but Vegas idiots love chain food and it will probably become a hallmark of the shopping center for years to come.
3	These Burritos Make you Moist...Durangos Mexican Grill resembles a few other Mexican establishments in town in appearance.  There is a walkway leading up to the counter where you order and pick up your food, a handful of tables in the middle of the dining area, a self-serve soda machine, and the expected decor.  The food here is good.  The burritos are smothered in sauce and if you like, cheese.  They are definitely knife-and-fork burritos, so forget about the burrito-on-the-go you know from other joints.I had the Chicken burrito on this visit.  You can have chicken breast or shredded chicken, I opted for the shredded.  The all-white meat filling was high quality, but not so flavorful.  Fresh, crisp lettuce and great pico de gallo saved the day, but overall this was nothing to go crazy about.  The small burrito, which is perfect for lunch, is only $4, making Durango's perfect for a quick bite during the work day.  Have a bigger appetite, go for the big burrito and enjoy.
4	Great mexican food.  Got the steak taco salad and was shocked by the nubmer of options I had to choose from to add ingredients...loved it!  Great portion of food for the price.  Don't forget to get a punch card!
4	I was happy with my burrito; it was big, tasty, and filling. This place reminded me of Cafe Rio, but with fewer customers.
5	Popped in today looking for a new place that served Mexican and so far I'm extremely happy!  Got the Fajita Veggies (Burrango) and that Dulce de Leche Cheesecake for dessert.  Ate to go, and the food was great!  The prices are very reasonable.  (I spent $25~ to feed 3 people) The man and woman who were running it were extremely friendly.  I hope to see this place succeed -- it's a great little spot, super clean, and well designed.I would add that the only thing I'd like to see, is them expanding on the menu a little bit.  You can't make a menu to please everyone, so a little more variety would be awesome.  Maybe expanding on some traditional mexican items - huevos rancheros, cheese enchiladas, etc etc.  Overall, great food, great service, great price.  Cannot complain one bit!
4	1st time I went it was a Sunday & they were CLOSED!But we went again & my husband had a coupon. GIANT burriots & very good meats!
1	Will never eat here again. First of all, terrible customer service. Staff was rude and unhelpful. Secondly, it was the worst veggie burrito i've ever had in my life :( I was super hungry, really excited to eat it and extremely disappointed.
