5	One Love has the hookup for all your vaping needs.  Brandon is the guru who can answer all your questions and will set you up right.  They have TONS of flavors of e-liquids and many different brands to choose from.   Some of our favorites are the Key Lime Pie and Wrath of Kong.  By far, One Love is my favorite Vape Spot in Vegas!!
5	Better prices anywhere in town on vapes crazy cheap come b4 they're all gone! The s1000 is 94 bucks at my regular hookah place and it's only 60 bucks here. I think that pretty much sums their prices up. Crap load of flavors as well. Guy even re wrapped my coils and wick for free. Did it in 2 minutes. Super rad
5	This place was awesome. The staff was helpful, suggestive, knowledgeable, and had a great attitude. I live close and this is my new vape shop. The selection of starter kits, and accessories was extensive and thier variety of fluid is outrageous. Pricing was great too.
2	The first time i walked into One Love Vapors was back in early October and i knew they were just newly opened. Saw them on yelp and decided to see whats up. I walked in and everything was nice, some music playing, i was greeted, and the guy helping me was very energetic and very friendly. Now, I haven't been able to drive by again and visit until just about a week ago. I wanted to see what was new, their juices, see if the same guys work there, and just to hang out. I walked in, it was extremely quiet, the guy who i remember came out and asked what i needed. I just wanted to try some juice and he gave me the menu(s). i chose a few and he let me try them. out of maybe 5 flavors, 3 tasted burnt. unfortunately.  This guy changed in a few months i think. Either he was just tired that day, or he just doesnt like the business. This visit was nothing like my first. Customer Service completely fell and i'm uninterested in ever wanting to visit.2 stars for a couple juices that i sampled and liked.
3	The shop was cool, the guys are very cool it has it all but unfortunately missing one thing...the juices were good on first 2-3 hits but later it got so bad I had to go elsewhere to get different ones, sorry guys you gotta good thing going, you know how to talk to people but you gotta get some higher quality juices
5	Very friendly knowledgeable staff! You can try out any flavor you want before you buy it. And they are a lot cheaper than a lot of vapor shops I've been too. Definitely  recommend
3	Lush vapors are great but super low in vg so very thin
5	Love love love this place! Staff is awesome! Best prices in vegas and they are trust worthy which apparently is hard to find in my Vaping experience lol highly recommend!!
5	Great prices...knowledgeable staff...best ejuice in Vegas. The owner is a nice guy who goes the extra mile to make his customers happy. Highly reccomend.
4	I went here with some friends who were wanting some new juices. I don't have a vapor myself but I do occasionally vape. We walked and and was immediately greeted. Me beginning the only one without a vaporizer he was trying to talk me into it and I played along a bit and asked some questions while my friends were checking out the menu. He was very knowledgeable about everything and he was quick to let us try all the flavors and tell us his favorites and his not so favorites. There was a lot of money spent there that day, and it was so nice of him to offer us free sodas and water before we had to go back out in the blazing heat that is Las Vegas.
4	Excellent selection of hardware. Nice, clean, bright shop. The fellow who helped me out was knowledgeable and very pleasant. I needed an emergency battery, so that's all I purchased here but I'll be back to check out what else they have to offer.
1	I went on Sunday at 2.  The sign says their open, yet the doors were locked. Dissapointing!
2	To be honest, I found this place "unimpressive". It seems to be a "skater" place. The young man behind the counter seemed to be rebuilding a friends unit and didn't want to see me. When he did help, he and his friend started making off color jokes, making me a little hot under the collar. Think I'm gonna be passing on this store.
3	Not the most extensive selection of products and no selection of wire other than nichrome and kanthal wire.... the staff is very friendly and has standard knowledge
