3	Small Japanese market in a strip mall.  Store stock is almost exclusively Japanese in contrast to Pan-Asian markets or after-thought offerings in Chinese markets.  Because of the size, variety is limited compared to bigger markets in LA or the Bay Area, but making a good attempt at expanding merchandise beyond just dry goods, into frozen, refrigerated and recent-baked (if not fresh-baked) foods.  Decent stock of chilled sake.  Though I've never rented anything, the store also has a pretty big Japanese video rental operation.
5	I'm just glad we have a Japanese market here in town! It is definitely small, but they have a nice variety of items and it's rare that I can't find something I really need. If I want variety, I'll wait until I'm in LA and visit one of the Japanese markets there, but for basic things I need, I've been extremely happy with Nakata Market!
1	Horrible Nisei (second generation) man at counter - SO TOTALLY RUDE. Dropped my credit card on the counter to pay and he immediately SCOLDED me for being rude and "throwing" the card at him! I am a 62 yr old Japanese female and have NEVER thrown a credit card at anyone. I asked him if he scolds all of the customers and he said "only the rude ones". AMAZING. This store is NOT CHEAP, but I have always gone out of my way to buy from Japanese owned stores - not anymore - NO ONE SHOULD PAY TO BE TREATED THAT HORRIBLY.
5	As one of the only Japanese markets in Las Vegas, Nakata Market of Japan stocks many Japanese products that can only be paralleled by the smaller shops in Little Tokyo, Los Angeles.Certain things that I cannot find in Chinatown or even the various Asian/Filipino Markets around town can be found at this location. Things like (Umaibou) or (Okinawa Soba) that bring back many memories of living in Japan. I do admit that this place can be extremely pricey, but that's with any grocery store really. You just have to know what you're coming in for. What makes it even better is that Nakata has a rewards/punch card that can save you even more!
5	Right around the corner frown where I hang my hat in Vegas (at least where family is concerned - the rest of the time I'm out in a little insignificant rock in the middle of the Pacific Ocean). For such a small store, very clean and well stocked with Japanese items. Spent money like a drunken sailor stocking up on Japanese dry goods which are not available in Kwajalein. Well worth the trip!
3	Possibly the only dedicated Japanese market in all of Las Vegas.  It is like many have noted, small!  Located in the same strip mall as the Buffet@Asia (W.Sahara/Rainbow location).The first thing I noticed is that the store is run by all Japanese (most likely Nisei or younger) Americans and they will all greet you politely in Japanese if you look remotely Japanese (I guess I can also pass as a Tokyo Boy).They carry the usual dry/non-perishable goods (ramen, furikake, nori, potato starch, ponju sauce, Japanese hair care products), frozen items (fish, mochi ice creams), some fresh items (california rolls, noodles) and some unique items that you will not find in other Asian markets (tamago omelet pan!)  Price is typically higher than other Asian markets I frequent in the area (168 and Greenland), but worth supporting if you want to have a local Japanese market where you can go to buy stuff that you can't get without driving to California.3 Stars (A-OK!)
3	I went here once with my then-boss, who was a regular customer. It's pretty small and it's located in a strip mall around the corner from McDonald's and the popular Buffet @ Asia restaurant; kind of an unlikely locale. I don't remember there being a meat section. It's more like sundries, bagged snacks, and bottles, but neatly arranged and organized on the shelves- well-stocked BTW. It's clean. I don't remember what she purchased. There were a few other customers besides us.
4	I found out about this place at a Sake Session event I recently attended. One of the tables was serving a cocktail made of lychee syrup and Asahi beer. I pretty much love lychee anything and so I kept coming back. When I asked who sold the syrup, the lady pointed me in the direction of Nakata.I can't really say too much about the store. I was extremely single-minded in my visit. I found the bottle of Nagomi lychee syrup, grabbed a couple of 22oz bottles of Asahi, and headed for the register. From what I did see, it seems like your standard Asian market, but with an obvious Japanese bias. It looked like they even have an entire endcap of Hayao Miyazaki stuff.Anyway, they get four stars because the people there just seem so nice. One of the guys told me that the lychee syrup is a new product and he mentioned mixing it with other things, like soju. Now that sounds like a grand idea.
4	I love little Asian markets like this one.  It looks a lot like the small mom and pop stores back home, selling everything from beauty products to red bean mochi.  They sell teriyaki bowls and sushi during lunch, and they always have a steady supply of the melon cream soda in the aluminum can.  If I ever crave Meiji chips, soda popsicles, melon soda or dried squid i come to this place to get my fix.  Great prices, great selection, and it feel like something from home.Looking for some Asian goodies, like skin whitener, a Tiger brand rice cooker, or those candies with toys?  Come here.  They rent out Asian flicks, too.
4	I love this Japanese market it brought back memories when we were in Okinawa, Japan. The owners are very friendly & variety of Japanese items you can choose from cold soda, dry food, frozen, vegetables & fresh sushi & they even rent out Japanese movies. We will definitely come back & purchase more Japanese groceries.
4	A quaint little mom n pop store with authentic Japanese goods! The owners of this establishment are friendly, helpful, and will answer any questions you have about their products. They have an assortment of goods here - imported snacks, hair and beauty products, bento boxes, refrigerated groceries, and much, much more! Definitely a great place to browse every aisle and wonder "hey... what exactly IS this?"
3	This was my last stop today from going shopping in china town.They have a good amount of snacks-foods that you cant find at other supermarkets in china town,wich is very nice.The only down side is that its also more expensive then other places.I got a little box of Calbee jyagriko butter flavor for 2.99 but they are usualy around4 dollars on line.I also got these grape gummy things they looked good i hope they are!They also had a hole isle of candy,snacks,and noddles.And they had a frozen/cold section with diffrent stuff I seen dango there and next time im going to get it it looked realy good.The lady was very nice and i asked when they get new shipments and she said about every month on the 18th :) ill be back.
4	I've shopped here for a few years and I do have to agree that the prices are high. The selection is also not that big and the store is small but what other Japanese options do you have in Vegas? If a Marukai opened here this store would not exist, sad to say. But I don't want it to close because it is a great store and the employees are so nice. They have a large DVD selection of Japanese movies and I have bought a few for my son who is 4. I can't even find children Japanese shows or movies on Netflix! They also have a shoppers card that you get stamped when you shop but the rules are insane. You have to spend at least $50 to get a stamp and I think there are about 30+ spots to get stamped. Wow, that's a lot of gohan.I do like this store and I hope it stays around for a long time.
5	There is no doubt that this is the best Japanese Market in Clark County. Japan Creek Market is great and all but it actually has nothing on this place. The selection is almost 2 and a half times bigger than Japan Creek, and the customer service if far superior. They have a giant selection of DVDs, including every Miyazaki film, and many classic animes which are unknown in America yet had a significant influence in Japanese society.The prices here are almost half the price of Japan Creek.  I love coming here for the fresh uni which is only $6.00. They also have more variety of products such as Buckwheat Soba Noodles. At Japan Creek, they only got 2 brands, but here at NAKATA they have like 10 different brands. They also got this specific brand of Wasabi powder which I can't find anywhere else in Clark County. One of the biggest reasons I prefer NAKATA Market of Japan is that it's a Japanese business where the owner appreciates and loves ALL of his customers. Believe me, there are many Japanese owned businesses  where the owners considers non-Japanese Asian customers and Nisei/SanSei to be "2nd Class Customers". They act all nice to you upfront but will talk sh!t behind your back(FYI Urusawa in Beverly Hills is the worst at this). Do you really want to give business to prejudice  jerks who view your money as pockets full of sh!t? And believe it or not many of your favorite Japanese restaurant have this nationalistic mentality, including many of those overrated multi-million dollar bankrolled restaurants that all the bandwagon yelp elites meet up at.Perhaps my favorite thing is that they have all the varieties of East-Asian candy, including the Thai and Chinese brands that are extremely popular in Japan.  They also got this brand of instant Miso Ramen that actually tastes shockingly similar to real Sapporo Style Miso Ramen(You won't find that at Greenland aka the instant Ramen capital of Las Vegas). My Mom is Korean and has been married to a full-blooded Japanese man, but for some reason she doesn't really know a thing about Japanese food. It's moments like today that make me wonder why my dumbsh!t Dad never bothered to ever explain even one thing about Japanese cuisine to her.  My Mom came in NAKATA MARKET today and had no idea what anything was, and she had to ask the owner  a million questions, and even attempted to describe the characteristics of  the food items she was looking for. The owner was very nice to her, and went way out of his way to help her find all the things she needed. The coolest thing about one of the workers here is that he immediately could tell I was half Japanese and half Korean. I've never met a person that sharp.  Being from Arcadia/Pasadena area of California, there was a large Japanese-American population because the internment brought us there. And many of Japanese-Americans in the area are only half due to large population of Whites, Koreans and Filipinos in the area. When I left the area, I had to deal with a lot of issues from full blooded Japanese people who considered me "not japanese" but the best thing was that the workers here  at NAKATA viewed me as being one of them. I really appreciated their kindness.This place is a 5-star establishment. The only reason it gets low reviews is because of that thing I always rant about regarding Yelpers and their bandwagon mentality. Most Yelpers are nothing more than nonsensical Yes-men who do nothing but hang out at the Talk forums all day, while writing pointless 5-word messages over 100 times a day that look just like text messages from some 13 year old girl. You know who you are, the same Yelpers who COPY AND PASTE each other's reviews to "fit in" with the crowd, and the same Yelpers who actually make a List for their ROTDs(Now that is total douchbaggery). In conclusion, the moral of my rant is that NAKATA is the greatest, and I am f*cking awesome for some reason.    Sorry, the endings of my reviews usually get really bizarre and violent...
1	We've shopped here for many years in the past but rarely anymore, they are getting too expensive compared to other Japanese/Korean markets in Vegas. Curious how they could stay in business.
3	The first time I came here, I was pretty disappointed. The store is tiny and prices are high. But, when you don't have Marukai or Mitsuwa in Vegas, where else can you go? Japan Creek Market is also another option, but I don't live in Henderson. Greenland is my home for asian grocery shopping, but once in a while, I come here for a few items that I can't find anywhere else. Sadly, they don't always have the brands that I want, but again, what can I do when there are no other options? It gets the job done. You can find your ramen, miso, ume, furikake, soda, snacks, mochi, etc. here, but the selection is pretty small. Nicely organized store and the employees are friendly. Located behind Buffet @ Asia and McDonalds. I'm surprised this place has been in business for over 10 years!
5	Found this place a while back while looking for bonito flakes and after a few visits have always had everything Ive needed for japenese cooking.  Now I have had to look for a ton of things but everything I have gotten here have been great.During all the visits the staff has been really friendly and more than willing to help and speak English very well which has been a problem in trying to find other items in Asian markets.  I don't know if they are priced well or not most the items Ive gotten here have been purchased for the first time.In then end great service and have all the goodies I am looking for.
4	This place is a little bit out of the way for me, but I will happily travel out of my way if it means green tea kit-kat. The cashier told me they have it right now seasonally and may be running out soon, but they gave me my fix. She also helped me find barley tea and matcha green tea powder (when I try to recreate Bachi Burger's matcha green tea milkshake at home). She also told me they do sushi and bento boxes regularly, but sell out fast. I will definitely be headed back here (and crossing my fingers that another addict hasn't drained their supply of green tea kit-kat).
4	I found everything I needed to make my Japanese meals, but I wish there were more bento selections...and maybe a little bigger (if I can be greedy).  The staff was very friendly, which made my first-time visit enjoyable!  This is going to be my go-to place for Japanese groceries!
4	I didn't know this little Japanese store was in my neighborhood, but finally noticed the sign when I was driving by one day.  I stopped in looking for green tea Kit Kats for a birthday gift, but the nice lady working there said they were out until the end of the month.  I did find a few Hello Kitty items and got to look around.  In addition to items like ramen, curry sauces, slippers, Pocky, mochi, sake, soy sauces, nori, etc., they have a section of the store with Japanese DVDs for rent.  I don't do a lot of Japanese cooking, but if you're in the market for items like these, or green tea Kit Kats, go to Nakata.
5	Very friendly staff! They have a nice selection of products from a variety food products to some clothing, movies, hair and skincare products to ceramic figures. I will be a permanent returning customer.
3	Well-stocked and CLEAN Japanese market! FOOD: No grocery or meat here,  just a few refrigerator cases and deep freezers. Some noodles, soups, and a lot of fish here (sashimi quality, frozen and unsalted), but my favorite find is the black sesame mochi. Tiny section of ready-made buns and sushi rolls, limited variety but would love to find out when they put the dishes out fresh.GIFTS: Quite a few small gift items, from decorative magnet and eraser sets to some Hello Kitty merchandise and the Asian equivalent of bizarre "as seen on TV" products. Good items to grab to mail to a friend or tuck into a birthday or holiday gift bag.DRY GOODS/COSMETICS/OTHER: noodles and seasonings, dishes and chopsticks, and tons of foreign hair dyes and magazines, mostly geared toward visitors and recent immigrants who have a particular brand favorite from back home. There's also a movie rental area, which is unique and cool, though I wasn't clear on how it works. Small wine selection toward the back. Friendly staff. $10 card minimum lost them a star: I'm not surprised by it but dislike that the info isn't posted anywhere. Inconvenient when all I grab are small, cheap items. Pricing is all over the place: absurdly high on some items, average or normal on others, and suspiciously cheap on a handful, too.
