3	This is pretty standard as far as Little Caesar's go, nothing really that stands out from any other of these locations around the valley.  Though I will give credit to the people in the kitchen for the hustle on the turnaround of pizzas. So good job on the speed!
5	Very fast Very friendly Very hot Very Good ...Enough said.
4	Received a new home owners free coupon in the mail from them. The only store to do so. Would have never stopped there otherwise. But i passing by and i do love pizza. ..so what did i have lose. Walking in and in less time than you say thank you i had my free pizza.  I must say that i was very surprised with the quality and quantity. Why would anyone go to papa Murphy pay more and start your home oven in this heat . Not sure they'll be around very long. Any who I'm going to try little Caesar deep dish next week for only$8.00. I'll review it
5	Promised to review Little Caesar's deep dish pizza.  Well today I stopped there at 5 pm. Customer traffic was impressive.  Very little to no waiting time. The deep dish pizza comes with pepperoni, which one small bite will give me heart burn for a month of Sunday's, the very friendly guy behind the counter promised a cheese only in less then 10 minutes.  Only took 8 minutes.  The quality was perfect. ...taste excellent.  8 large square pieces, actually 2 sections of 4 . Best deal in Las Vegas for only $8.00
2	Hot and ready my butt! My reason for coming here was to get pizza quick. Had to wait 20 mins
1	I called in my order. The lady taking my order was very rude. Sent my Inlaw to pick up the order that was said to be ready 10 min before he arrived. He first calls to tell me the lady said I did not order wings, I defiantly did because she made sure to rudely correct my "small order" to "8 piece". Five minutes he calls to say something is messed up with the order and neither of the pizzas are half cheese half pepperoni as I ordered. I told him forget it and just take those because I was not going to have him wait even longer. All around very disappointed with the disrespect and lack of attentiveness when taking my order. Next time I will go elsewhere.
1	I had an issue ordering over the phone and the lady having a very poor attitude. My Inlaw went to pick up the food and waited forever, the order was my near ready.. And the lady had forgotten most my order. She also had a very rude attitude while dealing with customers.I wrote the store and still have not got a resolution. Needless to say I have not returned.
1	Someone needs to go baby sit at this location! Called in my order at 4:30 pm went to pick it up at 5 pm, and only one girl at the counter ?! While 3 large young men stayed back screwing around and laughing at the girl ?! They did not step up to help as customers became angry with the counter girl! Plus they were the ones who took the phone orders and screwed them all up ! When I called the phone rang so long I called back twice! Hello I hope none of these guys is the store manager? If so fire them and give the job to the counter girl!
1	My boyfriend went here to get some Italian Cheese Bread and crazy bread on Dec. 23. I waited out in front of the store in our car. My boyfriend was the second customer there, followed by 5+ other customers who wanted hot and ready pizzas, which were not even ready. He was the second to the last person to get his order. The employees gave him free wings because he had to wait so long (30+ mins) He and I are vegetarians, so we did not see the point in the wings (which we threw away). When he and I got home, there was broken black plastic on top of my Italian cheese bread. I didn't care at first, 'cause I was so hungry. I took it off and ate the bread. The next day, my boyfriend and I started feeling whoozy and weird. He had diarrhea and I had kept throwing up what tasted like the Italian Cheese Bread's oil. I had a fever of 102 the next day and I had to leave work because I just couldn't stop puking the oil. We are never ever going to any Little Caesar's ever again, especially this location.
