5	Best swim school in the valley! Very professional staff. I am a nanny and I've experiences over 10 coaches here and have been pleased with all of them. I've also seen other swim schools and nothing has compared to aquasafe!
5	Amazing swim school. My son has been attending lessons for over three years and his swimming improves every week.Although he is four years old, he swims as well as much older children.The staff and management here is excellent, and they even have a snack bar with amazing prices and kid friendly food.
2	The facility is great and one of the few indoors pools in the area. The school requests for feedback but does not take any action whatsoever. My son has been doing a full summer in the same level. Every mini session the coach changes and the new person starts the session without any handoffs. Kids need to be challenged to continue to grow and that is seriously missing. It is a classic problem of assigning any coach to any child. The handoff process has to be improved so that each child is challenged.
4	I have been taking the kids I Nanny here almost every week for over 3 years. All the Coaches and other employees are very friendly and genuinely enjoy working with children. They also seem to retain coaches for long time. Which is very important for little kids to be comfortable and familiar with their Coach. My "kids" like going and even practice what they learn on their own in any body of water. The changing area is spacious and always clean. There are several wall hair dryers and they provide lotion and hair detangler complimentary. There is also a small playroom that  has a few toys, books, and a small lego table. During the summer it can get kinda crowded, but after that it's very mellow. There is a snack bar that offers a selection of items that most children would be very satisfied with. The also have candy on very low shelves. Not a fan of that, but not a problem for children who understand "No." Overall, great place, friendly staff, and nice amenities.
4	I have had my 5 year old here for almost 3 months and she has improved her swimming skills 100%.  The swim instructors are consistent and the 30 minute lesson flys by.
5	I can't say enough about AquaSafe! I live right by another popular swim school but drive all the way to AquaSafe because they are that great! The instructors are caring an experienced! I have 2 kids in classes there...we have been there for 7 years...both my kids are on the swim team and they love it! The best compliment I can give was one received from a parent of a chil on the other team...she said that she can always tell the AquaSafe kids...not because they win every race but because their stroke are very clean...they have great technique! I could go on and on and on :) but you Gould jut come and see for yourself...they will evaluate your child for free...what are you waiting for?
5	Really love coming here! The instructors are super friendly and the facility is really nice. Great viewing gallery for family. My daughter loves coming here to swim and I really appreciate the large changing facilities for the kids and parents of little ones. Great place!
5	We have been coming monthly to Aqua Safe since our son was 12 months old. The staff is friendly, professional and knowledgeable. Our son loves coming to swim class. Living in Arizona it is so important for our children to learn to swim and with the strong Arizona sun it was important to our family to find a facility with an Indoor pool. The pool is always clean and heated...which makes it much more fun to swim when it's chilly outside. Over the past three years we have enjoyed our experience and will continue to swim here for years to come.  We highly recommend Aqua Safe.
5	Good coaches, staff, and most importantly my daughter is learning to swim. She always loves coming to swim lessons.
5	The owner and staff are amazing here. We have had about 10 different teachers throughout the years here and each one has been patient, consistent, and fun fir my little ones. I love that they use salt water too!
5	Great swim school! Very organized and well run. Billing was an easy set up and so was registration. They are very willing to accommodate makeup classes. They have a snackbar, a quite study area for siblings, and plenty of seating area for parents. Priced really well which is an added perk.
5	Both my boys have learned how to swim with the help of the awesome coaches!  They are great with young swimmers who are scared of the water.  Highly recommend this school!
5	My daughter has been a student with Aquasafe since she was about 9 months old.  It was very important to me that she was water safe as pools are everywhere in Phoenix.  Her instructor taught her to roll on her back and climb out of the pool.  She was water safe but wanted to swim more.  As life changes daily, my husbands job took us out of Phoenix and to Southern California for 23 months.  The swim instructors there didn't compare to those at Aquasafe.  In fact, I feel as though my daughter regressed in her swimming abilities while living in California.The very first thing I did when we moved back to Phoenix, I signed her back up with Aquasafe ~ and she has soared since.My daughters will be 6 at the end of next month and we are having her birthday party at Aquasafe.  This isn't the first time having a party there... this is the third year!  My daughter and her friends have a blast and the Aquasafe staff make parties so easy.  We need to show up just a few minutes before the start of the party with our party favors ~ they take care of EVERYTHING else.  It is awesome!And because I keep rambling on... I need to mention one more thing... Dash n' Splash... my daughters favorite night.  She looks forward to it each month.  It is a parent's night out and a kids dream ~ 4 hours parent free... swimming, pizza, playing games and a movie.
5	This is the best swim school, my daughter started here 10 month old and she was swimming laps at 3 years old.  The swim coach's really care about kids and they make it fun for them.  So glad we found Aquasafe
5	I love this swim school.  I have been to many different swim schools, none of which have nearly as an effective curriculum as AquaSafe does.  The instructors are awesome, as well as the manager.  They go out of their way to make sure that you are satisfied.  I highly recommend AquaSafe swimming lessons.
5	Love this place. Been bringing my daughter since she was 5 months old. 6 years later, we still come every week! Love the staff!
5	Clean facilities, friendly staff. Would recommend Aqua Safe to everyone. My second child has just begun lessons and her coach is very well equipped to deal with a 2.5 year old. There are many coaches so if you don't quite click with one it is easy to change.  Summer camp is fabulous as well.
4	My kids love coming here. The staff is exceptional and have really made a difference in my kids ability to swim. There is a huge viewing gallery for parents to watch behind glass. There is one big changing area for everyone and then individual rooms as well. They have a small kids play area for toddlers. My kids love to eat dinner at the snack bar after late swim lessons. It is perfect, they change out of their swim suits into their PJs, have hot dogs or chicken fingers at the snack bar then off to home and directly to bed. Every night you see tons of families and kids doing the same thing. Very cute.
5	AquaSafe is a top notch swim school for children. Every one here is super friendly and nice. They are very competent at what they do and the facility is amazing. Taylor and Bonnie have gone out of there way to make sure my 3 year old loves swimming!
5	We have been attending Aqua Safe swim school for the past 7 months. We have been very impressed with the skills that all 3 children have learned. The environment is very safe, friendly, and clean. We love it!
