1	I have always gone to Firestone out of convenience since they are two minutes from me. The manager was relocated and the air of this place has changed. I was quoted $900 on a brake job which they brought down to $700 with their "discounts". I went somewhere else for a second opinion and learned that half of what I was told needed to be done-didn't need to be touched. So they either were going to charge me for work not done or parts not put in. Got my brakes fixed at one third the quoted price. Feeling upset that they tried to take advantage of me-possibly because I am a woman. Boo on them.
1	Took my car here for an oil change, and when they took it in the back the manager told the mechanic that was working on my car to leave and pick up a lady at her house, whole there were 3 other mechanics conversing on the side. So that added another 20 mins to my overall time and when I confronted him about it he thought he did nothing wrong. Also they have me a quote of $900 for a control arm that cost me $300 at the shop down the street. NEVER GO HERE
3	"Complete Auto Care?"  I don't think so!  These guys are okay for brakes, oil, tires and basic stuff... maybe shocks/struts?  Go to a real mechanic shop for anything bigger than that.  I had them work on a rear main seal on a jeep grand Cherokee and had to go back in 2 times after that... for them to completely redo the job both times.  Needless to say,  it still leaked after 3 tries.  At least #2 & #3 were under warranty.
3	I come here strictly for alignments.  Quick and easy service.   The regular price is about the same everyone else,  but they will price match local chains and you can find coupons about anywhere.My favorite thing about Firestone is they have amazing store hours and are open all weekend.Customer service is average but again.  I only come for alignments.   They've had a revolving door off front counter guys and techs over the last 2-3 years.  Tough to have any kind of relationship with the employees.
1	Truck would not start so got a jump from my Son and drove straight over. 20 minutes later was told it was an alternator and the battery was marginal at best so it would have to be replaced. Quote was for $680...? i did not have the confindence level that they knew what the problem was and they also did not have the part. On the way home i stopped at local Autozone to pick up a jump start battery and asked if they had the part and they did. I called Firestone and was told they called the local store and were told they did not have it available? Then i saw the price it was $230 less than the quote they gave me for exactly same part. Needless to say at this point i had no trust. Took it to dealership that monday not an alternator issue just needed battery replaced. $160.
5	This is our go to service center for the whole fleet of family cars. Managers Paul and David are both extremely helpful and involved in every job. I can't say that we love every Firestone location but this one is top notch.
