3	Went with a party of 8, ordered the special, a chicken pot pie.  Delightful little atmosphere, beer on tap - even microbrews, which it was too early in the day to try.  The pot pie was pretty good (7/10).  I'd go again if in the area.
4	Went with five people for dinner, and have gone several times before for drinks and a light meal. Meat pie was great; good local fare.  Good place to get a pitcher of hard cider, sit outside, and people-watch. Atmosphere - bistro - very charming. Service quick and cheerful.
4	We stopped here for drinks to escape one of the hottest days we can remember. My mojito was cold, minty and refreshing. It wasn't so strong I couldn't continue my stroll through Old Montreal, but it was reasonably generous with the pour. My boyfriend had one of their speciality coffee drinks, I forget which, but I think it had brandy in it. He seemed to enjoy it a lot. The wait staff was staff was pleasant. They were a bit on the slow side, but it was really a miserably hot day.  The tables outside are quite nice, but a little too close together.The menu is also a little on the small side. We stopped only for drinks and found it was adequate  but nothing super impressive. I'd go back though.
5	This place was a great find in many ways. The small plates are very tasty. But the best part was befriending the manager, Marie-Claude. She have us a lot of great information (like where to find the Montreal Jazz Festival venues. )
3	We got in for breakfast & brunch just because it is too cold outside. The lunch menus has very limited choices. The food is so so average for the price. It looks very normal. The service is good though but I would rather save my stomach for nicer food in other restaurants.
4	This place is across the street the water at old port. We came to watch the soccer game ( has many televisions throughout restaurant) and had some lunch. The food was great (tuna sandwich and chicken pot pie). All the sandwiches are served on baguettes which I loved. Great place to stop at for food and drinks. Only reason I didn't give it 4 stars was the service was not so friendly
1	Tourist trap! This was way over priced and not good at all. My chai tea latte was warm milk with a bag of chai dipped in it. Thanks... The crepes were really gross and it cost $17 per person to eat there. Completely mediocre food at a ridiculous cost.
4	Lovely brunch spot inside an historically-styled pub.Like a lot of places in Montreal, the atmosphere was excellent and there was a much appreciated air of excitement within the restaurant. Depending on where you sit, you'll either be overlooking the lakeside or hearing all the hustle and bustle of the windy streets of the vibrant old town. The service was good, prices were perfectly reasonable for the area, and portions were colossal!I had the croque monsieur and the baguette it came on was crispy, warm and delightfully fresh. The ham and cheese was loaded on in generous amounts and the simplicity and freshness in the ingredients just hit the spot.There's nothing fancy here, but sometimes that's exactly the kind of food you need in an area such as this. I completely disagree with those who say this place is a tourist trap. To me, it was the opposite, quick service with fresh ingredients, simple recipes and no fuss.. Missing it already. There's nowhere like this in Toronto, that's for sure.
