4	Cute little village conveniently located off the interstate! Full of shops, restaurants, and dessert places within walking distance from a housing development. Great concept!The Starbucks is housed in one of the cutest buildings I've ever seen.Stop by, eat, and shop in Baxter Village.
4	If you live anywhere near south Charlotte, this place is closer than you think.  It's immediately off of exit 85 five miles south of the state line, about 8-10 miles from Ballantyne down the back roads, or 4-5 miles from Steele Creek down Hwy 160.  It's a planned development often referred to as "Pleasantville."  There are some nice homes, restaurants, shops, a YMCA, a library, and more.  The first thing at the first entrance is  Starbucks in a building designed to look like an old southern home.  There's also a Six Pence Pub, Clud 9 Martini Bar, Fratelli's Italian Restaurant, Fish Market, Liu Liu's for sushi and Asian food, Grapevine Wine Shop, and Cupcrazed - the area's best cupcake shop.  They opened about a year ago and recently won the season finale of Cupcake Wars on the Food Network.  It's a nice area to walk around, and they also have many pub crawls and festivals.  There are also some trails in what's left of the trees that were torn down to make this place.  There really aren't any major chain stores or restaurants in here, which is nice.  Almost everything is local, except for Starbucks and the Beef O'Brady's (which is a locally owned franchise).  Baxter is worth checking out if you're near the state line.
4	I LOVE Villages - As an Escape Artist (once a week I want to go somewhere real Romantic) this is a Great Escape because it is so close to South Charlotte it almost is.  This is really more than I hoped for and when I arrived in Uniform (no such clever disguise) I could tell they were waiting for me.  Great Reception!  Everything was perfect and I felt right at home!  Actually I felt better than at Home, you probably knew what I meant.  Now it's time for lunch!  If this is the new Stepford bring it!A Cup Cake place, a Chocolatier a British Pub, a Library, an a cool kinda New Orleans inspired cuisine (I'm guessing) where I had Lunch.
5	The best in family resturants!  Great diverse menu,  wonderful service, and game room for the kids.  I choose this place for a night out with or without kids.
5	A great neighborhood!!
4	If you're looking for a great place to spend a few hours on a nice afternoon, Baxter is it... There are so many different types of shops and fun things to experience... From yoga to shopping to dining, there's really something for everyone... My favorite Baxter places:  -Page 6 Boutique:  Good grief, these ladies know how to buy... Like a regular boutique, some of it is expensive and some of it isn't... But all of it is cute... There's really only a couple times I've ever gone "Yeesh... No."  And I love that about this place... I feel like I could wear it all! -Cloud 9 Martini Bar:  Seriously, this place has panache, ambiance and all that jazz... The staff is helpful and the drinks are great...  -Grapevine:  Really?  If you're surprised by this, check out my Duchess locations... I love a good wine store and that's exactly what this is... Decent price points and tasty wine... Gotta love it. -Cupcrazed Cakery:  Mmmmmmmmm.  Is that a review?  I think that says it all... (My review will say more... lol)Definitely head down for some delicious Italian at Fratelli's or Above Board Games for all your Magic: The Gathering needs... And if you get tired? Don't worry, there's a Starbucks...
5	I've been to Cupcrazed once or twice in the past years and decided to stop in today for some cupcakes for my wife's birthday. Best decision I made!I purchased 8 different cupcakes for us and friends. Since they are a good size we were able to cut in half and share; so we each got to try a few. Not a bad one in the bunch! My favorite was the snicker doodle and my wife loved the white chocolate chunk. These cupcakes are superb!! Plus they have new flavors all the time which is great!I highly recommend stopping in and trying any of their cupcakes! Im sure you'll agree they are wonderful. We'll be back!! (I hope they have the beer cupcakes again soon!)
5	I love Baxter Village. It is the cutest place! There are tons of cute little shops, some chains and some locally owned.  The streets are lined with sidewalks and an adorable neighborhood sits in the back of it. There is a YMCA, cup crazed cupcakes (winner of food network cupcake wars), Starbucks, and many restaurants. I love running through these streets and the sidewalks make walking through here a breeze. It has a really beachy feel to it and when the weather is nicer most restaurants have outdoor dining space. Def worth a swing by if you are in fort mill!
5	I love this little place!  It is so cute and perfect for a nice cool evening.  The other reviews are right about Starbucks.  It's the most adorable Starbucks I've ever been to!  I suggest a stop in there for coffee, and then some wandering around.  There are a ton of little shops, restaurants and even a wine shop.  The neighborhood in the back is pretty sweet too, providing a little walking trail complete with a map and bridge.  This is a great spot for a date night, or meeting friends for drinks.  ...I may even wander around with my dog and pretend we live in the neighborhood.  If you see the girl with a Starbucks and sheepdog, please wave!
