5	Paradise for fitness addicts. I'm in love with both the facility and the staff. I have never been to a better gym in my life and I will be a Lifetime Athletic member for the rest of my life time ; )(Ask for Tracey, she's the best dietician in the world and is very thorough, understanding, and knowledgeable)
2	The facility is great.  The pools are outstanding.  Glad to see the Tennis courts too.  But why do you join a health club?  For the gym!  The gym floor sucks.  Great equipment, but it's all jammed up and tight.  "Sorry if my elbow hits you in the face" kind of tight.  How about cutting out one basketball court and give us some space to actually work out?  It's basically a day care center with a gym thrown in.
5	This truly is as good as it gets! If you join tell'em colleen brola sent ya :) omg they say they wanted to be a club where they have everything you could possibly need -- and they are. It's like a day spa -- they provide mouthwash, lotion, saving cream (even a cool one for the ladies), disposable razors, hair spray, Q-tips, feminine hygiene products, cotton balls, shampoo, hair conditioner, body wash omg as many towels as you need - big, white, fluffy, bath sheets! (they cover your whole body) .. I can't get enough of this place, it just opened about 10 days or so ago...It's got indoor/outdoor tennis courts, basketball and you will never, ever have to wait for a treadmill -- each treadmill has it's own freaking TV (well a few don't but like 50 do) they got these new treadmills I don't know what they are called but they are softer on the joints (they have the old kind too) but the new one wow I ran a mile like easy, peasy. Anyways, I haven't been in love with anything lately and this place, I love! Oh you do need to bring a hair brush there are no combs/brushes (duh). I can't wait to do a Yoga class.This is like Mandalay Bay's spa........
5	I think the club is amazing. I enjoy the facilities. My new after work hangout. Working at night I have a chance to unwind with a workout and swim and my reward is a soak in the hot tub and some time in the sauna. I look forward to more variety in classes and more frequency in the schedules. If I can work a schedule on M-W-F with a group fitness then spend my evenings working with equipment and swimming. My world would be perfect!  So grateful to have Lifetime Fitness in Green Valley.
2	Wonderful facility & the staff were helpful...my issue... The cost!!!   When a gym membership costs double my car payment ..all I can say is no thank you!  I go to the gym to work out, not to be hang out and use it as a social status.
4	If you get past the price and look at what lifetime has to offer you will not be disappointed.  It's more of a country club feel then a gym.  It's geared for families, our kids love it just as much as we do. The service is top notch- you  really get what you pay for.
3	Ah, second gym review! Time to get down and dirty: one of the most fanciest gyms I had ever signed up for!! I signed up a month prior to their grand opening and the deal was to pay $144. I've seen a previous review that stated $250/month. Anyhooo, the point is, I'm a broke college student that can't afford such luxury. I see where they get that type of monthly rate, but as a simplistic person I'm going back to military boot camp PT where we never stepped on a gym floor. If I were to try all of the assets they provide, I might as well bring a sleeping mat because I would be here all day long. I would do yoga, lift weights, play basketball, run on the treadmill, play some outdoor tennis, have a spa day etc. etc.Ending this review on a good note: this gym has everything a gym junkie may ever need! Great state-of-the-art technology I've never seen and their customer service is spot on. There are two rows of treadmills that I personally love because they are so soft and smooth. I have bad knees and I can run on those treadmills for miles. Employees are professional and they always manage to put a smile on my face :-) They are open 24/7 (hallelujah-I always go here when I have sleepless nights) and their restrooms are fully equipped with toiletries. As much as I want to continue to go to this gym- I sadly have to cancel my membership because of the PRICE.
4	Love love love this gym! I really don't thinkIt's fair for someone to say this gym is excellent and then give it a low star rating because of the price. The price is high (probably the highest in Vegas) but it is (in my opinion) the best facility.  You are absolutely getting what you paid for.  This place has every single piece of equipment you could ever want in a gym. I do agree that the weight floor is a touch crowded (space wise) but I have never caught an elbow from a fellow member who was lifting next me or anything dramatic like that. Additionally, it is immaculately clean. The staff here are ALWAYS cleaning (all of them...I've even seen the Fitness Manager wiping down treadmills). Speaking of the staff, they are all super friendly. They always ask how you're doing, make eye contact, some of them even greet me by name at this point. Classes are among my favorite part of this gym. So far I have taken Studio Spin, Edge Spin (also in studio but hooked up so you HR is on display for the instructor), Strike! (Kickboxing), and Barbell (similar to but better than LVAC's Body Pump). The instructors are friendly and fun! The childcare center is amazing and beyond compare to any other facility in the Valley. There are lots of kids at this gym (especially on weekends). I have never been in the hot tub with a kid and rarely see them outside of the childcare center. Generally, if I do, they are on their way to one of the many classes offered. However, if the presence and sight of kids bugs you, you may want to pass on a membership.  In closing, if all you care about is weights and cardio equipment, then Lifetime probably isn't for you. If you're looking to make overall fitness your entire family's lifestyle then join and enjoy!
5	I love the new Lifetime! The locker room, hot tub, steam and sauna are all very nice and clean.  It's going to be great in the summer with the outdoor pool, slide and cafe. My kids can't get enough of the child care and are always asking to stay longer. They have tried karate, gymnastics and Zumba and have had so much fun. Everyone on staff I have interacted with have been very friendly and helpful!
5	I kept getting these promotional flyers in the mail with PERFECT people pictured on them. Perfect facility, perfect gym clothes(probably from Dick's), perfect bodies, and even perfect children being perfectly nutritious. It was a little creepy to me. In my head I just knew this gym had an invasion of the body snatchers and we were all going to be robots by time we got off the cardio machine. I got over my delusions and decided to take a tour. When I walked inside my feelings were confirmed! Employees were looking polished wearing business attire, and talking from their clear plastic earpieces like they were the secret service. I was obviously judging. The girl at the front desk complemented me on my gym pants and had me fill out the usual waiver form. I sat in the cozy lobby while someone was getting a public massage near the offices. Wierd. A very tall, loud, punky Brewster-ish woman named Brooke came out to greet me. Her hair was long, curly, black and streaked blond in the front. She was sooo loud when she started talking and I immediately became annoyed. I couldn't pay attention to anything she was saying because she was so distracting from head to toe and I kept thinking, "Will it be rude to ask for someone else to give me the tour?" As we sat in her office, she went over the pros of being a member. She yelled loudly and spoke so damn quickly about why the gym was, "LIKE, SO TOTALLY AWESOME!!!" and "SO, LIKE, THIS IS ABOUT CHANGING YOUR LIFE, YOU KNOW!!!!" and "IT'S VERY, LIKE, EXCLUSIVE AND THE PLACE TO LIKE, BE!!!!!" all while ripping her chewing gum a new one! She took me around the facility and it was like Willy Wonka opened the gates to his Chocolate Factory! WOW! It was amazing! She started singing, "If you want to view paradise...simply look around and view it!"---just kidding. Haha.... Seriously, the tennis courts were large and spacious! I don't play tennis but why not reserve a court for fun! The exercise equipment was new and state of the art! I've never seen weight machines come with LCD screens that customize your workout! There's in/outdoor olympic size heated pools. It comes with everything EXCEPT Michael Phelps! I could see myself lounging outside in the cabana's during the summers! The (free)yoga and pilates(separate charge) rooms wasn't like your typical gym room. It looked private and super serious. It had the power to even make Brooke whisper while inside. Now that's supremecy! Inside there was even a Spa! Massages, nails, pedicures, laser hair removal, THE WORKS! (separate charge of course) The cafe had some yummy looking food too. Naturally everything was promoted as healthy, gluten-free, or calorie free. I looked around at the type of people at this "exclusive club". They weren't aliens! (I hope) They didn't look perfect at all like the flyers. They looked like everyday people you see at the grocery store. I was beginning to warm up to this place! Even Brooke was starting to grow on me and I liked her! Besides working out, I could see myself lounging on the balcony near the tennis court tables, in the hotel-like lobby, or the cafe READING A BOOK! (I know, I'm a dork)So there was 3 things that completely SOLD me on this gym. 1. The Dry/Steam room: It literally looked like Heaven! This old lady came out and a whif of cloudy white Eucalyptus filled my nose. She was drenched and glowing! (Maybe it WAS Heaven!) Unfortunately there is NO COED sauna. Who wants to look at old naked ladies?2. The locker room: One word: COMPLEMENTARY. Razors, tampons, shampoo, lotions, blow dryers at every mirror. Everything is sitting in a candy-like jar. I told you, Willy Wonka! Also, you use your membership card to create your own locker access code! (THE JETSONS, right?) 3. The Spa. I'm a DIY mani/pedi girl, but I love any kind of facial maintanance!This isn't a gym, it's a resort! I loved how even though I wasn't a member, so many employees randomly said hello to me as if I was a celebrity. The majority of members appear over 40, which I love. No getting "crunk" at this club! It's so quiet and every machine seems available. I realize as I'm getting older, I like lesser crowds of people. Exclusive is a good word for this place. I plan on being a member soon---because this place is "LIKE, TOTALLY BITCHIN' !!!"DISCLAIMER: I know you're not supposed to take photos in the locker room, but like a news reporter I went undercover with a wig and glasses for my yelpers and took photos when absolutely NO ONE was in the gym. I want everyone to see how amazing it is. Just call me April O'Neil! (TMNT)
2	The facilities are great, but the spin classes are not good. There are only two spin classes offered in the evenings, one on Tues and one on Thurs.  Dallas, who is in charge of group classes, teaches the Thurs and her idea of motivating her participants is to SCREAM "Push", "Push it!" every 6 seconds. It's the worst spin class I've ever taken in my life and I've taken spin for 15 years. She throws in a few "woo hoo" at the top of her lungs too, all this while being microphoned. She's like a caricature of a class instructor that you would see on an SNL skit from the 80's. For the amount of money I pay for this gym, I expect quality instructors who know how to motivate a class in ways other than screaming the same word over and over for 60 minutes.  There were also no jumps, spinning was not on beat, just up hill and downhill. The class seats 50 and there were less than ten people in the class which shows you how bad it is. I hope the Tues spin instructor is better and I hope they add more spin classes without Dallas teaching them.I would give the gym one star, but the equipment is nice, facilities are clean, and employees are nice. I just want better and more spin classes.
5	It meets all expectations from staff to equipment.Sad that the short timer members have to steal the lotion bottles and towels.I suggested to bludgeon when caught and nail to the locker room wall with a cute note. "Im a loser"
5	When it some to gyms this is the best of the best. I cant even put into words how much this place is so awesome.from staff to cleanliness to amenities this is definitely for the upper echelon type of people.. i didnt even have to second guess myself from signing up here. Only thing i will say is im looking forward to all the people to leave in a month or 2. right now everyone is doing their new years resolutions so its packed after 5pm. it dies down about 630-7pm but still this place has everything.Indoor/Outdoor poolIndoor/Outdoor Tennis2 Indoor Basketball CourtsAlot of Machines to workout on (by the way they have treadmills and machines that  have TV screens)Spa,Cafe, Nice Bathrooms with everything needed from soap to shampoo and  towel service Steam Room and Saunas BEST GYM EVER.. Super expensive but hey i think its worth it since i spend alot of my money on stupid stuff anyway
