4	After lunch, we walked a few short steps to check out the Miracle Mile Shops.  We caught the Rainstorm show and noticed a Ben & Jerry's.  Dessert?  Sure.We opted for the Strawberry Sorbet and the Coffee, Coffee Buzz, Buzz, Buzz! for me.  The coffee ice cream sure gave me a buzz and it was cool to read about Ben & Jerry facts on the small tables located right outside of the store and catch the whole show.
3	eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeh-ok.We only came here because of the BOGO coupon we got for staying at PH. It's typical. The waffle cone is just okay. It had a taste to it that didn't taste right on my buds. The ice cream tastes like it was freshly scooped from the carton.
2	My wife and I stopped in, because we had read online about a new Boston Cream Pie flavor and a few others. We were disappointed to see they did not have the new flavors featured online. We ordered 1 scoop of orange cream and 1 scoop of Phish Food. The ice cream itself was delicious, but the price tag was ridiculous. Almost 13$ for two scoops of ice cream in a plain cup. The worker was rude and seemed irritated to have business as well. I would recommend going to get some gelato at Bellagio. It's better tasting, better quality and a better price.
5	If you haven't already figured this out, I love ice cream. It's no secret. My husband loves chocolate, I love ice cream. I even have it in the winter months. Ben & Jerry's is known for using local sources and ingredients, which is commendable. The prices are a little higher- is it because it is a Strip location, could be?  It really is a treat. Wanna save money? Get a AAA coupon book by showing your AAA member card at the Customer Service desk upon entering the center via the parking garage. A warning: The cone that they give you for this particular promotion is pretty big, so have a light lunch or dinner or there's no way you will finish it. I had to throw mine away. Or share it with a loved one. I really like the oatmeal cookie (can't remember the exact name, sorry), coffee, coffee, buzz, buzz, and the triple layer coconut bar. All of those mentioned are equally yummy. My husband likes the one cheesecake brownie. Ah, the whimsical names, the unique flavor combinations, it's an ice cream lover's heaven. This is decadent, so you're going to have to work out the following day, ok? Or better yet, walk some of the calories by doing some power shopping- Sephora, The Body Shop, & Urban Outfitters are the best stores in the shopping center.  Pricing is comparable to Coldstone. So, if you're a  AAA member, get that coupon book at the Cusotmer Service desk. Don't be afraid to use coupons. Seating is limited here, unless it is not busy. The staff is always friendly. We've been here numerous times over the years. If you're lucky you can catch the show.
3	One scoop of Jimmy Fallon's Late Night Snack, please! Ben & Jerry's employee: Okay, one scoop coming up, $6.32, please.Are you kidding me? One scoop for over $6 dollars?! I could've bought an ice cream flavor OFF of Rite Aid with that much money. I know, fair trade ingredients, I understand, REAL ingredients, but why must the consumer eat ALL of those costs? Troubled economy means expensive ice cream scoops, I suppose.Anyhow, what lured me in was Jimmy Fallon's new (and only) ice cream flavor and it was super rad and full of delicious bites.  I couldn't taste the vanilla bean ice cream because the chocolate covered potato chips overpowered any other flavor the ice cream offered.  No complaints though, potato chips in ice cream was a brilliant idea (Gimme a high five if you've already been putting 'em in everything else)!Location is perfect, in Miracle Mile, tucked right next to the entrance of PH Towers, perfect for an on-the-way-back-from-eating-a-huge-buffet treat if you're staying at the towers.But the prices, oy vey. I'm sure the pints they sell are cheaper.
3	After a tasty dinner at the Earl of Sandwich I had to have something sweet and behold I stumbled upon a Ben and Jerry's on the way to the car. My man graciously took me by the hand and offered to buy me some ice cream (he's so freaking cool). There were so many great flavors to choose from but I finally chose the Late Night Snack (vanilla, caramel, fudge covered pretzel and potato chip clusters) in a waffle cone bowl (I tend to be a bit messy). It was love at first bite...sweet and salty....my favorite. However...tasty ice cream on the strip costs ($15+ for ice cream for me and my man). I will be back if I am in the area. The girls on staff were really nice and helpful as well :)
3	$6 for a one scoop of ice cream! I came into this thinking "that scoop better be fabulous or bedazzled in jewels!" What can you say? It's Vegas...so you expect these prices, but I was never thought I'd give into them, until we took my little niece and nephew out. This Ben and Jerry's is located in Planet Hollywood's Miracle Mile shops right in front of their indoor storm water show. We got 5 scoops of varying flavors and the total came out to $40. Ouch...But the ice cream was creamy and smooth. It didn't taste like it had been sitting out too long. Yay! It wasn't too sweet and the sugar cone tasted fresh too. It is a couple dollars extra if you want a sugar cone dipped in chocolate or decorated with sprinkles.There are a few extra tables right outside this shop. So go get your ice cream, sit down and watch the free storm show. Comes on every half and hour. It's pretty! Although I feel a bit bad for the workers that have to mop away the water each time! =)
1	Expensive and not that great!!!
2	Great ice cream however service was poor. I was number 3 in line and the cashier just wanted to chat with everybody. When my turn came around she told us to hold on as she disappeared into the back for a couple minutes. Upon returning (only employee there), she wasn't too quick and at that point a line formed with 6 more people behind us just as irritated. I know a couple people took pictures of their phone number to call in a verbal complaint.
3	Since this location is on the Strip the prices are higher. But you get the same quality ice cream and service as other Ben & Jerry's around town. Service was fast and friendly. We had a Groupon and I love Ben & Jerry's Coconut Seven Layer Bar ice cream, which you can only get in their stores. Otherwise we wouldn't have even stopped in here.
4	I work in the area so visit this location frequently. I usually stop here for coffee and a bagel. I've never tried their ice cream.They've always been friendly and prompt with me. I'll continue to visit them.
2	We went here with a groupon and the lady prepared our banana splits where we couldn't see what she was doing. She gave us about a tablespoon full of each flavor of ice cream, and hid that fact with whipped cream. While the banana was fresh, the ice cream was melted before we left the store. We wanted to spend the whole groupon but ridiculously, she made us pay tax out of pocket and we had two dollars left on the groupon. I wanted to use that to buy water but she wouldn't let me. We won't be going back.
5	So it's Vegas...everything is more...but this is probably the cheapest price for ice cream & sorbet that you'll find. If you get sorbet or gelato at any other ice cream or gelato spot in any casino, the small will be the same price as a medium here! AND there's an Entertainment Book coupon for buy one item get one FREE!!!The Berry Sorbet & Lemonade flavor are GREAT mixed! Soooooo refreshing from the heat of the summer. And a great change of scenery too. This location is at the Miracle Mile Shops inside Planet Hollywood. The seating is outside the shop...kinda like a patio...even though it's all indoors. I love it when they make it seen like you're outside even though you're not...with the fake sky & even a small pond with misting machines! LOVE IT!
4	After a crappy burger meal at a celebrity chef restaurant, it was nice to have a scoop of Cherry Garcia to wash away the bad memory. A little price at almost $6 but on a hot Vegas night it was worth it.
1	Victoriya made me the most watery milkshake I have ever had, When I told her that the milkshake was very watery she said I should have told her I wanted it thick. This was news to me as I was not aware of this condition in all of my years enjoying milkshake. For $7.99 it was not worth it. Bad service and bad product.
