4	Nice and large!So of course I get my usual earl grey tea and take a seat in one of the comfy chairs.  I spend about an hour here just reading the New York Times and looking at the myriad of people that walk in and out.  For as much space as they have here, it has not been filled with "stuff." I really like that.  You get to experience the fullness of the space that you are occupying.
4	I stop here several times a week . Typical Starbucks but what makes this location stand out is the employees . Very friendly and knowledgeable . Liana is the bomb !!
1	This is not one of my favorite Starbucks, two reasons for that. First and foremost, the parking lot is a death trap. Seriously, you need to see how looney people drive in this lot, they just pull out of their spots without looking, if a spot opens up it's like the Indy 500 to the parking space. The banksville plaza seriously needs to make changes to the traffic patterns of this horrible parking lot. Now, the Starbucks is one of the largest I've ever seen, actually it's almost too big. They wasted a lot of space making the barista area so large. They could have put more comfy chairs and sofas in this store but opted for table and chair seating. Not the most friendly baristas at this store. They all seem to be more interested in idle gossip from fellow workers rather than customers. The manager of the store is not the friendliest either.
1	We travel all over the country and hit a Starbucks for our morning shot of Joe. The worst service of any Starbucks I've ever been in is a mile from our new home. Lucky me. I asked to speak to the manager but she doesn't come in until the afternoon. So, in the morning when the place is busiest the manager doesn't work. It shows in their level of service. Drive to another location, it's worth it.
2	The employees seemed a little upity. I stopped in to drink some coffee and use their free wifi to catch up on some work. I was there for 2 hours and got a free refill using my Starbucks card and one of them in the back looked at me and said "I hate it when they do that".
1	We tried it again... It still isn't any better. Get your coffee elsewhere.
4	For a Starbucks location it's a favorite, mostly because it's 2 blocks from my house... but the baristas are always super friendly, better than most locations. Outlets are scarce but I like it.
4	I was sincerely impressed by this Starbuck's and the whole staff!  We were visiting family in Pittsburgh, and made this SB's our temporary home shop during our stay. On our second visit, the barista (wish I could recall her name), knew both mine and my wife's drinks.  Both of which were made to perfection!The storefront has a large seating area, which in any other setting would have been really nice.  Unfortunately, this SB's is seated right in the center of a rather busy strip mall.  The cross traffic is busy with pedestrians, and you are seated within a few feet of cars/trucks pulling into diagonal parking spaces.  The exterior noise and odors (exhaust) makes enjoying a drink or bite to eat in the outside seating area, very undesirable!  Fortunately, this is a rather spacious Starbuck's, with plenty of seating inside.More than anything else, the staff made this Starbuck's a pleasant  experience.  Next time in Pittsburgh, I'm definitely going back!
3	Ah, Starbucks. This one in particular sees me a couple times a month when I stop in for my usual breakfast on my way to work or to yet another day of volunteering. Even on days I don't want tea - as I don't drink coffee - I can just pick up a bottle of juice and a slice of coffee cake. The drinks are always made the way I like them if I don't order the juice bottle, and the coffee cake is always fresh and has a ton of berries - yum! Unfortunately that's where the good stuff about this place ends. While the drinks and snacks are all at the usual Starbucks standard - so yes, if you're not a Starbucks person to begin with this one won't convert you - the service usually is not. It's not uncommon for the staff to stop and talk for a minute or two when there's a long line. Not talk about the orders that need to be made, just gossip about their lives. It's really annoying, to say the least.And while this is not entirely their fault, the parking lot, as someone else mentioned, is a major pain. If you get in unscathed, good luck getting out either through the light or down the one-way aisle that every shopper ever uses as their personal crossing. Head on out towards the pool if you can. Seriously. In fact the parking lot is why I'm not giving this location a bonus star for its outdoor seating. Sitting outside during rush hour or peak shopping times? Not very fun or relaxing at all. The indoor seating is pretty reasonable, although I wish there were more comfy chairs compared to hard and/or high top chairs.In short, decent drinks/food by Starbucks standards, not so great staff, awful location. Get in, get your drink/food, and get out. Good luck!
4	There's nothing I don't like about starbucks but this one is extra special because it's not even 5 minutes driving from my house and the baristas are so nice & friendly! This is my stop before I head to work several times a week. The parking might be a pain in the ass depends on the time that you go. People drives crazy. I personally just dislike this plaza in general but I have to stop here for coffee and PNC Bank right next door a lot so I'm getting used to it.
