5	It's refreshing to find a dental practice that actually cares for their patients. I had a wonderful experence at Simply Dentistry. The staff is top notch and Dr. Tran is as nice as they come. I felt she took a genuine interest in my dental needs without trying to "upsell" me things that were not necessary. The office has a minimalist  modern vibe and champions    green design with various info panels describing their commitment to sustsinablity. In addition I loved the flat screen t.v's on the ceiling to watch while you getting dental  work done. After two terrible experences with dentists where you felt like a number it was a welcome suprise to recieve a hand written thank you after my visit. Highly recommended!
5	I haven't had this great of an experience at the dentist in years!  Dr Tran took her time, made my procedures painless and really tried to work with me and my budget.  Not only is she a great dentist, but her office is completely environmentally friendly (down the the tile and paint) and the tv's on the ceilings made the procedures fly by. I HIGHLY recommend!
5	WOW.  Seriously.  I have never in my 26 years had such a fabulous experience at a dentist's office from start to finish.  Highlights:- Incredible support staff- Dr. Tran was personable and interested in my life- Paperless experience from start to finish- High-tech, environmentally friendly office- Flat screen TVs on the ceiling over the exam chairs!After scouring Scottsdale for a dentist that would accept my insurance, I settled on Simply Dentistry.  They're only a couple of doors down from my office, so I walked over one afternoon and gave them my info.  One of the dental assistants (Hillary - she's awesome) did the insurance research for me and got back to me with the info I needed.  We scheduled an appointment for the following week and I was impressed by such a quick turn-around.The office is set in a renovated home on Camelback Rd. The building was remodeled with sustainable, "green" materials.  (A huge plus for me!)  The lobby and examination rooms have a clean, modern design with calming colors, lending to a good atmosphere.  Here's the shocker: Before I went in for my exam, both the hygienist AND Dr. Tran came out to the lobby and got to know me for a good five minutes before they led me into the exam room.I was incredibly impressed by how high tech the exam room was.  There was a flat-panel computer screen in front of the exam chair that displayed a digital rendering of my teeth and the hygienist entered her notes on it as she did the exam and cleaning.  They also put my x-rays up on the screen where they could magnify the images to give me a good look at what's happening inside my mouth.  Oh yeah, and did I mention that throughout the entire exam, I had the option to watch TV on a flat screen mounted on the ceiling over the exam chair?  (For those of you who were wondering - I chose the Travel Channel.)I highly recommend this office and its incredible staff!
5	It had been several years (admittedly) that I had been to a dentist.  When I finally found an article on Simply Dentistry, it sounded like a good fit for me - environmentally friendly office, individualized & patient focused care etc. Once I procrastinated a little more - because, let's be honest who ever wants to go to the dentist.  I finally made an appointment last year & didn't know why I'd waited!  Dr. Tran & every single person working in that office was wonderful in every aspect.  Dr. Tran took the time to answer my questions & showed me pictures of my teeth on a computer screen so I could understand why she thought some issues were priority & why some could wait.  I have since been back recently for my 6 month cleaning & by the way - the best cleaning I've ever had.  Simply Dentistry is friendly in more ways than enviromentally friendly.  I no longer dislike going to the dentist, it's actually an enjoyable visit!
5	This was the first time I left the dentist's office feeling better than when I went in!I am not exaggerating when I say that I usually hate going the dentist.  I hate the air vacuum that dries up your mouth, I hate the water that sprays indirectly all over your face, I hate the sounds when they're cleaning you're teeth, I hate how your jaw hurts for the following week because of "opening wide" for x-rays, and I hate how the dentist talks to the assistants about your teeth in all sorts of code like you don't deserve to hear what's going on with YOUR teeth.With all of these things to despise about going to the dentist, I am surprised to be writing that I actually enjoyed my experience at Simply Dentistry.  Dr. Tran and the assistant both spent 5 minutes getting to know me, sans any forced, awkward conversation. They were friendly, gave me a tour of the office, asked what kind of mouthwash I like, and didn't make me feel bad for procrastinating on my cleanings.  Dr. Tran is understanding, friendly, and incredibly good at what she does. Both the assistant and her were patient, explained what they were doing, and seemed genuinely interested in making my experience as comfortable as possible.If you're looking for a dentist, Dr. Tran at Simply Dentistry is top notch.  Her office is green and eco friendly, there is a ceiling-mounted tv to keep you distracted, and she'll make jokes and share stories along the way.
5	First meetings are always awkward, right? Nope, not at Simply Dentistry.Today I went in to have Dr. Tran take a look at a tooth that needs some work, and also to see if this was the type of place I'd like to come for my dental work. Answer: Yes.As soon as I get into the office I'm ready to get down to business filling out the forms...Tisk Tisk...this is bad etiquette that I've learned from packed dental offices I've visited in the past. I don't even know anyone here yet.Instead, I got to meet everyone and was given a short tour of the office. Nice!The atmosphere is great and everyone that I had the pleasure of meeting was fantastic.Dr. Tran was very thorough while explaining what was going on with my tooth, and also very personable.She also did a great job of listening to me rant about my teeth. =)I'll be sure to come back and give an update after my next appointment coming up in about a week.
5	Like most people, I don't exactly look forward to going to the dentist. Let me just say this was one of the very best medical experiences I've ever had, if not the absolute best.The office is relaxing, modern and full of things to keep you interested if you have a wait (including a computer for patient use and a break room with coffee and water). The staff is approachable and friendly. And Dr. Tran was kind, thorough, and gentle.I actually look forward to returning!
5	Best dentist, ever.  Maybe it is just because my old dentist in IL used stone tools to clean my teeth, but it is more likely due to the fact that Dr. Tran and all of her staff are super cool, and left me feeling like my teeth might outlast the rest of my body.  She administered shots (because I had to have like a zillion cavities redone) with me barely feeling them.  She took inventory of the condition of my gums, and even took clear pictures of all dental work that needed to be done so she could show me exactly how godawful my teeth look up close.Super professional, very high-tech, and as pain free as possible.  Plus Bicky rides her bike to work too, how cool is that?
5	I have to echo everyone else...I HATE the dentist normally, I hadn't gone in about 4 years when i went to see Dr. Tran after getting dental insurance. The judgmental attitude about flossing, the "tsk-tsk about my gums", accusing me of drinking too much soda -- it just gets really old really quick. Somehow Dr. Tran and the rest of Simply Dentistry found a way to tell me my mouth was disgusting and full of cavities due to the 4 year span between dentist visits without making me feel like a POS which I always appreciateAll the employees including Dr. Tran are super nice and friendly. Since I started going there 8 months ago I needed 2 cleanings, 2 sets of cavities and some wisdom teeth pulled and each experience had been awesome (well as awesome as they could be). My wisdom teeth had finally grown in enough to be giving me constant pain and I called on a Monday when their office was closed and Dr. Train called me back herself to schedule an appointment to get them pulled - nice touch when most health care professionals barely take the time to look you in the eye. Dr. Tran also called me after my wisdom teeth got pulled to check on me and a member of her office staff called me a few days later to check on me too which I thought was very considerate and great customer service.They are also just really fun and nice in general, everyone there is young, jokes around but is more than competent - I also like how their software can take pictures of your teeth and they show you where the cavities are because I swear to God certain dentists make up cavities to make $.Also, my favorite part about the whole office is last time I went in and that Seinfeld episode about dentists was on, the "yadda yadda yadda" episode and Dr. Tran was cracking up during the dentist jokes:Beth: Hey, what do you call a doctor who fails out of med school?Jerry: What?Beth: A dentistI started laughing too and she didn't even drill me in the gums...
5	Best dentist ever. 5 stars because it really doesn't get much better. I needed a new dentist since mine had moved and decided to use yelp (since I use it for everything else) and discovered Simply Dentistry. I moved my entire family over to this dentistry after checking it out for myself, because I knew this was going to be out family dentist after the 1st visit. It's cute and nice inside (and ecofriendly!), and the staff is very helpful. Dr.Tran is really funny and they let me watch my Bravo TV or whatever I like when I'm getting my teeth cleaned. I adore the recyclable toothbrushes they give you after the visit. They're ecofriendly! I don't use them, but they're handy to keep in guest bathrooms and such. I tend to have problematic teeth, and irritating family members, so I appreciate a friendly dentist.Anyways. I would highly recommend Simply Dentistry. I mean, how many Dentistry's are even reviewed on yelp to begin with? Not many. How many Dentistrys recieve stellar reviews on yelp? Only one because there is only one.Trust me, as uncomfortable as the dentist already is, don't make it even more lame and irritating by picking your run of the mill dentistry.
5	Last week, I had my first appointment with Simply Dentistry. Doctor Tran and her dental hygienist were both really nice. Dr. Tran gave me my cleaning and it was very thorough. I've never had the actual dentist give me my cleaning. I was wowed by their modern equipment to view x-rays. The office itself looks and feels like a spa. The plastic used to make the toothbrush that hey hand out is recycled from yogurt cups and when I'm done with it, I can send it in to be recycled again. They also commented on how they are almost entirely paperless and do their best to make "green" choices. Needless to say, this is not your typical dentist office and I like it!
5	Great professional care with Dr. Tran- very happy to have her as my dentist!
5	I went here after reading the reviews on Yelp, they took my insurance and I could walk from my house!  I was greeted by Brittany the receptionist - who is fabulous - she gave me a tour of the building - explained there was a little area for me to use the computer to check email or use the phone if I needed to, showed my the waiting area with complimentary water and a TV to watch whatever I want and where the exam rooms were and the rest rooms - I was made to feel very welcome.  Only after I had been show everything and made comfortable was I given any paperwork to fill out since it was my first visit - normally, when you arrive the first thing they do is ask for your insurance card - not here and I must say, a very nice touch !Chelsea, the hygenist, came to get me next, once i was done with the paperwork and walked me through everything she was going to do in easy-speak as well as finding out a little bit about me.  I was having x-rays first and she was really gentle and encouraging :-).  When she left to go and develop and scan the x-rays, I was given the remote to the TV above my head and left to watch whatever I wanted.The cleaning was painless - no hard scraping or poking and she explained what all the numbers were that she was taking notes of regarding my gums.Dr Tran is charming - again she explained everything and took pictures of what needed to be done so she could explain to me easily.All in all a simple and painless experience and I would recommend Simply Dentistry to anyone - the inside is beautiful, spa like and they treat you like a special human being !
5	Dr. Tran is simply the best dentist I've ever had.  Need I say more?  Plus, I got to watch ESPN while I was reclined in the dentist's chair(she has TV's mounted in the ceiling).
5	I have been a part of the Simply Dentistry family since day one.  The staff there is amazing.  Now I am not one of those people who does not like to visit the dentist office.  I have found Dr. Tran to be one of the kindest and most knowledgable dentist I have ever seen.  I have heard horror stories of people who visit the dentist and get "up saled" but I have not found that to be case here.  The whole office is eco-friendly and is decorated in a very modern style. I am not sure if other dentist offices allow you to watch TV while getting your teeth cleaned but I am able to put on the Game Show network (which doesn't work to well to yell out the answers) but its still great.
5	Wow.This is not the old dentist that you have been going to for years. The gang at SD is fun and efficient, but really spend the time to make sure your chompers are in good condition. If you have thought about cheating on that dentist you have been seeing forever, this is the place to go.I was just in for my second six month cleaning and appreciated the good work and fun they have in the office. My teeth have never felt cleaner!
5	Very friendly and extremely good.  My teeth feel so clean.
5	After a bad experience at another dentist office in the valley I was reluctant to go anywhere new. I tried Dr. Tran after seeing all of her great reviews online and they are all right- she is the best!! She is so caring, knowledgeable and everyone in the office made me feel comfortable and welcome. I would highly recommend Simply Dentistry!
5	After reading some of the reviews, I decided to call and schedule an appointment for a cleaning/check-up. I was impressed that I could download and fill out my new patient forms ahead of time -- a big time saver.My first impression when I pulled up was how lovely their office is. It's a refurbished home from the 50's (I think) so it's charming on the outside with a very professional, welcoming, and tranquil interior.I was greeted by a very nice staff member who helped me get acquainted with the office by taking me around for a tour. Some amenities to note:* Comfy waiting area with coffee and water* A computer free for patients to use to check email or waste some time online if you show up early for your appointment.* Televisions over the exam room chairs (my hygienist handed me a remote to watch a show while my x-rays were scanning).Dr. Tran and the hygienist I had were very observant throughout the exam/cleaning. They asked good questions and offered useful feedback. I felt as though any concerns I had were listened to and taken into account (ex. I had a sensitive tooth. They made sure to check it for a crack and were very diligent to minimize discomfort when scraping/flossing my teeth).Top notch service and the newest dental instruments. Much more up-to-date and welcoming than my previous dental office. I definitely recommend this place! (They even sent me a handwritten Thank You card after my first visit)
5	Dr Tran is very good and her staff are wonderful. Her office is like home. watch TV, have some cold bottled water, they have a small office set-up if you need to work while you wait. Very accommodating. They have the latest equipment, you can watch TV while they work on you if you want.
5	Dr Tran and her staff provide excellent dental services.  Very nice "home-like" atmosphere too.
5	I have lived all over the US, and I have experienced extreme lows and highs with dentists, but this dental group is by far my favorite I have ever been a patient of. I can't say enough good about them, so I won't ramble.... Just love them.
5	One word to describe this dental office: A-MAZING! I was greeted with such kindness at the front desk by Brittany who proceeded to give me a tour of the office, offered me water, joked around, and seemed to really enjoy her job! This was the first time I've ever visited any sort of medical office where I did not wait in the waiting room. Brittany brought me right back after my tour and sat me down in the chair.Dr. Tran came over and introduced herself and started the initial exam. The actual dentist checking out my teeth first?! Unheard of. I feel like you are lucky to see the dentist for longer than 2 minutes at the end of the appointment. She made me feel very welcome and her questions about my life seemed very sincere. After Dr. Tran left the room, Chelsea cleaned my teeth very thoroughly. I can honestly say that my perminent retainer behind my bottom front teeth has never felt cleaner! She took her time, was very gentle, and only talked to me when her hands weren't down my throat. I loved that I could watch House Hunters the entire exam...heaven forbid I miss a second of that show. Such a great experience! Why am I so excited about going to the dentist?
5	Great staff, very friendly..... very thorough and professional service, clean facilities and tv's on the ceiling to watch make the whole process more relaxing.  Despite being a newcomer to them and to the area, they know exactly who I am when I go in now.  A great change of pace from my previous dentist.
5	Fabulous Experience!!  I have been living in the area for 13 years now and must say this was the BEST dental office I have been to in Arizona!  I was greeted by a super friendly staff, got a tour of the office and then we got down to business.  Dr. Tran introduced herself and started the exam.  She was very friendly and my teeth felt wonderfully clean and fantastic.  The office was clean, updated and even had TVs on the ceiling to watch while getting your treatment.  I was blown away when I received not only a phone call a few days later to see how my visit was but also a hand written thank you note.  My search for a fabulous dentist is over!!
5	This place is awesome. If your looking for a dentist don't bother looking anywhere else. They have TV's on the ceiling and use vaseline on your lips so they don't dry out from that horrible torture suction tube that Dentists use. I recently moved away and felt compelled to leave a great review for Simply Dentistry. Everyone is super nice, very gentle and very helpful. They Gave me no hassel at all when I changed dentists, they sent all my x-rays and records over immediately. I almost considered commuting back to Scottsdale for my appointments but at the end of the day thats just not practicle. Thank you for the great servce during the time I was a patient. Good luck in the futureJason K.
5	I love this dentist.There, I said it.  I know, I know, everyone HATES the dentist but Dr. Tran and her team and her office are amazing.  My first visit here I received a warm welcome from Brittany and was given a tour of their entire office.  I was offered something to drink and was invited to use their public computer while waiting for my appointment time. The hygienists were extremely friendly and explained everything that they were doing - FINALLY I know what is when going on when they poke at my gums going, "2...1...3....2...2...1..."Their office is very eco-friendly and modern.  They have computer x-rays files in each room and FLAT SCREEN TVs ON THE CEILING! HELL YEAH!! They even give you the remote too, so you are not stuck watching HGTV.Dr. Tran is a pro at giving shots, and I never felt a thing.  I recently changed from this amazing dentist due to location and am already regretting my decision.
5	I literally JUST left the dentist office and had to ran right home and pop online to broadcast my review. Embarrassing as it is, I put off going to the dentist for a cleaning for a whole 8 eight - 8 years people! I don't recommend this. I had previously had such extensive work done on my teeth (braces, retainers, jaw surgery, etc etc) that I started to fear the dentist. This, along with a move from PA to AZ, made it easy for me to put off the hassle of finding a new dentist and setting up an appointment. I finally decided it was time I go and reached out to YELP to help in my search. I came across the great reviews of Simply Dentistry and Dr. Tran and emailed them to see if they were accepting new patients. Not only did Brittani contact me back within 24 hours, they had an appointment set up for me the following week. Today was by far the most enjoyable dental experience I've had. "Enjoyable" and "dentist" typically don't go hand in hand. However, the staff was SO pleasant, personable and professional, that they really did make it not only bearable but kind of (dare I say) fun. The conversation was light - like you were talking to old friends. I am so happy I was set up with the hygienist Alissa. While I was fearing discomfort and pain from my cleaning, I ended with none. She explained what she was going to be doing which helped ease my mind and went quickly and methodically through the procedure. While the space itself was inviting and comfortable, it is the staff that deserves the 5 star credit.  Thank you Simply Dentistry and thank you YELP for recommending!
1	I saw all the great reviews and thought I will go there for my check up,but unfortunately nobody ever called me back after I requested an appointment online!So now I am spending my money somewhere else,honestly I have never seen a place which had that many reviews and they ALL were 5 stars!Looks a little suspicious to me...love my dentist
5	When I moved to the area, I dreaded the search for a new dentist. The reviews on yelp for this practice seemed too good to be true.After a couple visits, I can honestly say the 5 star reviews are all true. Dr. Tran is a wonderful dentist and has a great team of hygienists and other staff. Everyone is extremely friendly and professional. The building is modern and clean.Now, just sad that we are moving again and I will have to look for another dentist in another city..hopefully yelp can help me out again.
5	I have been going to Dr. Tran for almost a year now and she is the BEST dentist I have ever met. I have had over a ten-year horrific experience with my "problem teeth" and have met multiple orthodontists, endodontists, oral surgeons, etc., you name it and none of them can even hold a torch to Dr. Tran. She is professional and her staff are extremely friendly and well-trained. She thinks about the patient as a whole and gets an accurate idea of what the patient's goals are. She has cleaned my teeth before which I have never seen any dentist do, just because she had time! She spends a meticulous effort on making sure her fillings are shaped well which is a far cry from back in NYC when my dentist would leave the room and let the dental assistant do all the work. If I ever move away, I may have to come back every few months just to see Dr. Tran! She. is. awesome.
5	Having been without health benefits for a couple of years, my teeth needed quite a bit of work.  I read all of the glowing reviews here on Yelp and decided to give Simply Dentistry a try.  I've waited until several visits to write this review so as to be as accurate and fair as possible.  To sum up, I have not been at all disappointed.  Dr. Tran and her crew are very friendly, professional and efficient.  I've never been kept waiting after arriving for my appointment.  Every procedure is fully and patiently explained.  There is no pressure to agree to treatments or procedures--Dr. Tran presents all of the options realistically and without embellishment; and you never feel as if you're just another account or a number.   She's very personable and takes her time with her patients.Many here have commented on the office itself.  I'm not an interior design aficionado, but I do like the layout.  It's open and creates a sense of relaxation--quite a feat given that this is a dentist's office. I highly recommend Simply Dentistry.
5	I love Dr. Tran!! I came here a few months ago for a cleaning. I was bad and haven't gone to the dentist in a few years. When I first moved to AZ I went to another dentist he told me about all this work I would need to get done so I was thought he was a liar and never went back. Turns at Dr. Tran told me the exact same thing. Sometimes paranoia gets the best of you!  I can't believe I have lived right around the corner and never knew the office was here. I would have come a long time ago. I was also having problems with a bad tooth. Turns out I needed one of those horrible root canals. They are totally pain free at this dental office!! Don't listen to your co-workers! The staff here are awesome Brittani at the front office is great and will help you with estimates and pricing and is always super friendly. I was also impressed when I showed up and Dr. Tran was right on time. I hate it when you show up to an appointment and have to wait an additional 20 minutes to get in. So all in all if you are new to the area I highly recommend Dr. Tran. If you are feeling pain in your teeth don't wait. It only gets worse before you take care of it. Trust me on that one!
5	It all started with a "YELP" :)Like some, I too had not been to the dentist in years.  I thought my teeth were great.  Until I went to HORIZON MODERN DENTISTRY...they're thieves!  I went in, no insurance, for a promo of a $39 teeth cleaning and x-rays.  By the time I left, I was 12 cavities and thousands of dollars in estimates for work!  What?!  I waited a few months, and decided to look on "YELP" for "HELP"!  I found Simply Dentistry, who is right down the street, and scheduled my appt for a teeth cleaning.  The staff took  me in with bright smiles and a great optimistic attitudes!  As it turns out, I had 4 cavities, which they took care of, and in need of a deep cleaning, also taken care of.  I have never had dental work done, with the exception of the yank of my wisdom teeth, and they made me feel very comfortable.  The office is beautiful!  I could stay there all day!  Thank you Dr Tran and team!  You truly make the difference!
5	I visited Simply Dentistry a week ago in September for a routine cleaning. I must say that I was extremely impressed with the staff, the office and quality of care. The receptionist greeted me and walked me around the office, which allowed me to briefly meet the hygienist staff, as well as see how clean and orderly the office was. What was really cool was the small office area that the staff allowed the patients to use to check email or even Facebook. So if you get to the office early you can use this area. Now for the service, my dental hygienist I believe was Julie, she was extremely thorough in examining and cleaning my teeth. She asked good questions about my dental history and while performing my cleaning she would routinely stop to ask if I was OK. Keep in mind that I don't have a dental phobia, but I thought the gesture was nice considering others that may. Lastly, Dr.Tran was very cool, she went over my X-Rays, asked questions about my past dental hygiene and offered suggestions for future care. The office visit was no more than 1 hour and was very pleasant.  Oh, can't forget to mention the flat screen televisions mounted to the ceiling so that you can watch TV and become completely distracted during your service which makes it easy on you and no doubt the hygienist.  Last note: Dr Tran was listed as one of Phoenix 2012 Top Dentist, which was one of the main attributes I used to pick a dentist considering that I was new to the area.
5	I had another checkup last week and figured it was time for an update. This will be easy, though. Read my original review. Still 5 stars. Love this place.
5	Great service and the business office was really helpful in setting up a payment plan.  The office is very modern and laid back.  Televisions on the cieling!  Friendly staff and relaxing environment.  I wouldn't go anywhere else.
5	This place is awesome. Dr Tran and her staff are by far the best. My wife and I went to her because of the great reviews on yelp and they were right. An excellent dentist and an excellent staff. I like going to my dentist!!!
5	Wow. I just came back home from my first cleaning at Simply Dentistry. Hands down the BEST DENTIST that I have ever been to! I walked in and Brittany welcomed me by name. She was extremely friendly (genuine great spirit) and it didn't stop there. Waiting room was quiet with great lighting and fridge with water for waiting guests. Dr. Tran came to me on time and gave me a tour of the office. They have WiFI for patients and also a computer to access if you need to. Dr. Tran listened to my concerns and immediately came up with affordable options for my Tooth Sensitivity. Dr. Tran then introduced me to my dental hygienist whose name I forgot but she is from Poland. She was very gentle with my sensitive teeth and extremely friendly. I can't get over how great this practice is and how AWESOME Dr. Tran and her Staff are. I've never been to a dentist as good as Dr. Tran and I look forward to my next cleaning in 6 months! I can't believe I'm giving a Yelp Review for a Dentist but that's how good this office is!!!!!!!!Don't hesitate. If you need a great dentist, check out Simple Dentistry. I am so glad this office was recommended to me!
5	Dr Tran and her staff are phenomenal. I was traveling in Arizona from out if state and developed horrible tooth pain! I was able yo get in right away, and received excellent care! She was able to refer me to a endodontist. Dr Tran also was able to do my temporary and permenant crown. Brittany is always very friendly whether you are talking to her on the phone or she is greeting you in the office. I also had a regular cleaning at Simple Dentistry... The hygienist who took care of me was fabulous as well. Jessica, the intern was great too!!
5	I have lived all over the country and religiously have my teeth cleaned every 6 months.  I have no qualms about the dentist and feel that a little discomfort here and there is to be expected.  That being said, I can also say that Dr. Tran and her staff at Simply Dentistry are simply the BEST!I went in for my initial cleaning and oral evaluation and received the most comprehensive, gentle, and thorough treatment I have ever had.  Chelsea is wonderful and I will go back to her time and time again.  Dr. Tran listened to all of my concerns, in particular one area in my mouth that has been repaired THREE times by three different dentists (one was an oral surgeon!) with no resolution.  At a subsequent visit, Dr. Tran successfully placed a new filling and repaired a gap that had been plaguing me for years.  Plus, I felt nothing when Lissa was placing the local anesthetic.  Win win!I am also in the health care field which has essentially become a service industry, and I appreciate the warm welcome from Brittany and the jovial and upbeat yet professional nature of the staff.  There is a definite reason that EVERYONE on Yelp gives this team 5 stars!!!
5	Super friendly staff! Took my son (15 yr old) got in quick, very professional, spotless & modern office in old town.  Can't go wrong coming here!
5	Simply Dentistry is the best dentist office I've ever been to. They have and use modern technology (ultrasonic & lasers), friendly staff, thorough explanations, and TVs on the ceilings to provide distractions if you need them. I've been visiting Dr. Tran for over 2 years and couldn't be more pleased.
5	I moved across town and found it a struggle to travel 20 miles back to my former (and beloved) dentist just for a routine checkup.  I've driven by Simply Dentistry's office many times since I live down the road and was intrigued by the 5 star yelp review.  I am so glad I trusted the reviews.  Dr. Tran is the nicest dentist and I was happily surprised to find out that she practiced at the office I went to in Gilbert several years ago.  The office is beautiful and the staff is so friendly.  I love that she and her hygienist were so thorough with explaining what they were doing throughout the process and didn't recommend any extraneous (or invasive) treatments.  Based on my first experience, I was happy to book another appointment for my 6 month check up and was pleasantly impressed to receive a thank you card for my business a week later.  I highly recommend Simply Dentistry and am happy to give Dr. Tran another 5 star review.
5	OK, the reviews don't lie.I FINALLY got around to buying dental insurance, and was having a nightmare experience with getting it set up.  Took weeks, actually.  Jessica, the receptionist, was incredibly patient and helpful.  She even had me talk to another gal in the office to ensure the plan I was selecting was accepted by the practice.  Couldn't have been sweeter and nicer about the whole thing.So, my visit.  When I walked in, the staff was just finishing up lunch.  TOGETHER.  Seriously, how many of you actually like your coworkers enough to want to have lunch with them?  It spoke volumes about the office.  They then offered me the remaining pizza they were having.  Incredible.  After I completed my brief paperwork, Jessica gave me a full tour of the office.  She made me feel like I was a new roommate, but one that she already REALLY REALLY liked from bio class.  I felt like family.I then had my x-rays taken, and Dr. Tran came in to examine me.  She couldn't have been warmer, and completely focused on me and my teeth.  Most dentists blow in with an attitude like they have better places to be.  NOT Dr. Tran.  First off, she gave me a face, neck and inside mouth/gum exam.  I have NEVER had a dentist do that.  And frankly, they all should.  Very impressive.  Then she reviewed my xrays, while asking me about any concerns I had with my teeth.  She explained what was causing my tooth pain, and how the tooth I thought was hurting, was actually a different tooth.  lol She offered treatment options, and explained the pros and cons of each.  She didn't try to upsell me on anything, and was content to let me live with things as they are for a while, before we take any next steps.  Again, a first, as most dentists are looking for the $$$.They give you a remote control during your cleaning, with TV on the ceiling.  I watched the King of Queens, and first time in my life, I laughed repeatedly during a cleaning.  lolThe hygienist, a very sweet and gentle Polish woman (apologies, I did not get her name!! :( ), kept stopping to make sure I was OK during the cleaning.  She explained each step as we went.  Honestly, I forgot she was there and what she was doing, I was so relaxed and into the TV show.  lol  I got my toothbrush and toothpaste on the way out, an appointment for 6 months from now, and truly the best dentist experience of my life.Yelpers definitely got this one right.  :)
5	Dr Tran and the Staff at Simply Dentistry are fantastic. I came here for a second opinion consultation, and they have now earned my business as a regular patient.Here's my story:So I went to my general dentist for a cleaning and check-up, while I was there I had voiced some concern over some discoloration in my front tooth. After some further x-rays my dentist determined that my front tooth is dead (RIP front tooth)! Once a tooth dies it can become discolored over time, and continue to darken. I wasn't surprised at the news since I had Googled my symptoms, so the diagnosis made sense. That being said, I've never even had a cavity in my life, so I'm really unfamiliar with dental work. My dentist said the only option would be a crown, I asked how exactly a crown worked and he said they would have to shave my tooth down and then put a crown on top (scary)! Since this is a purely aesthetic procedure, insurance doesn't cover it and the price for a crown is over $1,000.After some further research I decided to get a second opinion as a crown seemed really aggressive, and I wanted to discuss all of my options. Being so unfamiliar with dental work I really just needed some hand holding on this one. To Yelp I went, and searched for the top rated Cosmetic Dentist. Simply Dentistry had all 5 star reviews, so I called them up, explained my situation, and they were able to fit me in within the week.I walked into the office and Brittany knew who I was, and exactly what I was there for. I didn't have to re-explain my situation (so nice!). She then gave me a tour of the office and it's amenities, which included a computer to use, complimentary water, cable TV with remote privileges, and a comfortable waiting room. I filled out my paperwork, had x-rays taken, and then had my exam with Dr. Tran. She really listened to my concerns, and we had a lengthy conversation about what my options were. She said that she thought a crown was an extremely aggressive approach, and suggested whitening instead (whitening is currently 50% as a 5 year anniversary special). This was not an option given to me at my other dentist. I chose the whitening option and saved about $900! This is an honest and trustworthy office, that just saved me a large amount of money, and they've proven that they really care about their patients. After my visit with them, they just earned themselves a new patient and my husband too!
5	You know it must be a good dentist shop when you not only like going, you look forward to it.I've tried my fair share of dentists in the Valley - from the old guy who scraped my teeth like the Spanish Inquisition, to the groups who made you come back for a second appointment after the check-up just to get a cleaning... and to bill your insurance provider twice.Luckily, now that I've found Simply Dentistry I don't have to go anywhere else. Dr. Bicki Tran and her staff take the time to get to know you, are friendly, and most importantly have the latest equipment and the skills to make your visit pleasant and pain-free.If you're looking for a dentist that you won't dread or even just tolerate, but instead will actually enjoy, check out Simply Dentistry.
5	Simply Dentistry is great! The office is modern while cozy at the same time. All of the equipment is state of the art and the TVs on the ceiling are a nice touch as well as a distraction. The girls at the front desk as well as the hygienists have always been very friendly. Dr. Tran is very thorough and sensitive to people who are less than thrilled to be at the dentist, like me. She takes the time to discuss your treatment and makes sure you are doing OK during the procedure. I'm glad I found Simply Dentistry and highly recommend them.
5	My name is Justin.I have extreme anxiety regarding dental visits.I had two fillings reworked by Dr. Tran and team.It was my best experience yet.No pain and discomfort.It was almost like I took care of it myself.No more worries.Give Simply Dentistry a try.These folks are technically superior.Contact me if you want more info.Justin4803326796
5	I am new to the Phoenix area and was looking for a dentist as good as my dentist back home.  I was skeptical as my dentist back home has been my dentist my entire life.  Simply Dentistry surpassed my expectations and I would recommend this dentist to anyone in the Phoenix area.  Dr. Tran made me feel comfortable and made the entire process easy.  They also didn't pull any of the "come in for an intial visit" and then "come back for cleaning" crap just to double bill the insurance.  In short give Simply Dentristy a try.  You won't be disappointed.
5	I've been a patient of Simply Dentistry and Dr. Tran for about 5 years now. Always a great experience,  very friendly, and the most gentle dentist I have ever had.  I've had several fillings, a crown, and my invisalign all done at Simply Dentistry.  I love the TV's on the ceiling and relaxing waiting room.My whole family is now using Simply Dentistry.
5	Had my first visit at the office after being away from the dentist for quite some time. The office made me feel welcome and not ashamed for staying away so long. They listened to my concerns and fears and helped me get back on track.  Love the staff and the location is great. Couldn't have picked a better dentist to go to.  So inviting and welcoming!!!
5	I'm that person - terrified of the dentist because every time I go it involves needles.  The thought of a shot in my mouth makes me nauseous.  I stayed away from the dentist for 6 years due to this fear, but had an issue come up this week with a tooth that made me have to see a dentist.  I reviewed Yelp, and loved what I read about Dr. Tran.  and guess what?  it's all true!  DeeDee at the front desk didn't laugh at me when i told her right up front on the phone i am a sissy when it comes to the dentist.  When I got to the appt, Ula was my hygienist and was wonderful in handling my fears; she took her time with me, and kept making sure I was comfortable.  When Dr. Tran sat down next to me, she continued the vibe of the office- kind, concerned, and giving me options on how to handle my fear of needles.  I could not have been more comfortable.  She worked on my issue, and sent me on my way feeling better- in no pain, and fears eased.  Dr. Tran and her team are top notch, and i'm actually looking forward to going back and not being a sissy anymore!
5	I love my dentist! Don't think I need to say much else since everyone seems to have covered it here. 5 stars!
5	Let me start off my saying that I HATE the dentist but I LOVE Simply Dentistry! I am a Diet Coke addict. Seriously, I drink up to 8 a day. Needless to say I don't take care of my teeth as much as I should. In March I had really bad tooth pain. It turns out a root canal I had done in high school (I'm 23 now) was infected in a root my previous dentist had forgotten about when doing the original procedure. I was in excruciating pain and had just moved to the PHX area in January so I didn't have a dentist.  I turned to Yelp and boy did it not let me down! Dr. Tran and the Simply Dentistry team got me in the next day (they area always booked becuase they are that good so getting me in the next day was not an easy task),  were very aware of the amount of pain I was in and took extra effort to take care of me. Before going to Simply Dentistry I hadn't been to the dentist since January of 2011. Now I have already left and come back again for a second cleaning! For anyone afraid of the dentist or weary of finding one, seriously look no further! The ENTIRE Simply Dentistry team is easily the nicest, most professional dental team I have ever had the pleasure of being a patient to. No doubt in my mind - 5 STARS
5	I'm guilt-ridden because this review is so long overdue...When I moved to Scottsdale a few years ago, Yelp! reviews led me to Simply Dentistry (actually, it was my first experience with Yelp!).  In short, Dr. Tran really just does everything right when it comes to creating a dental practice: Simply dentistry is a very warm, comfortable, and inviting environment, and the staff is super-abundantly professional and genuinely kind.  When you're in her chair for a specific procedure, you're the center of attention -- Dr. Tran doesn't coordinate numerous procedures simultaneously so there's none of the customary bouncing from one patient to another -- and she's a perfectionist in her work....its been my experience that a trip to Simply Dentistry usually includes a good bit of laughter (despite various utensils or fingers prodding about in my mouth)... and yes, its true, despite every experience with every other dentist I've ever been to, Dr. Tran seems to be a magician with the lidocaine shot (really... I didn't even feel it). But all of this has already been said before... Cannot say enough about Dr. Tran, the quality of her work, and her excellent staff!..
5	I have had a lot of horrible dentists. So horrible I actually stopped going. Going to the dentist is already an unpleasant experience, and when you add a used car sales man into the mix, it becomes the worst experience. My nightmare. This place is so awesome. Everyone is nice. They don't try to up sell you. They take care of you and your teeth. I never thought that I would be writing a yelp review on a dentist.
