4	Good prices and helpful staff. I have been using this store for most of my art supplies the last several years.
5	On my first visit, I was only there to get Xacto blades, but they seemed to have a really good selection of supplies. Nice framing supply section in the front. Prices also seem very reasonable. The two guys working there were very helpful, both for me and with someone else (even if they didn't have what they needed). I will definitely be back.
5	Love this store, the selection, the vibe , the staff - a great place for inexpensive unique gifts as well
5	I have lived in 3 cities with A&C's and they are always my favorite art supply store. Great selection, great prices and a very helpful staff that always seem to be able to offer great advice about supplies and practical uses. I can't recommend them enough.
5	Artist & Craftsman Supply Pittsburgh is my favorite art supply store. I think sometime last spring/summer was when I first found out about them, via a little flyer left at the Squirrel Hill library. Since then I've been back many times... kind of a bad thing for my bank account. The staff is knowledgeable and the selection of supplies is great (there have been only a couple times when I couldn't find what I was looking for and those items were pretty obscure). They carry almost everything it seems, from spray paint to cradled wooden panels (love creating on these!) to bamboo pens and fake mustaches (purchased those around Halloween). In addition to their supplies they offer some ready-made frames and do custom framing as well. Lastly, as cheesy as it may sound, A&C is an asset to the community. I really enjoy having an art supply store so close to home, but they're more than that. Somewhat recently (I think) they started to offer periodic art demos. There was a silkscreening one that I know of but wasn't able to attend and then last month they held an oil painting portrait demo which resulted in me creating my second ever oil painting and first portrait painting! I don't know of any other art supply stores that do this... A&C goes above and beyond.
5	I found a flier for their art sale in an Oakland coffee shop and figured I'd take a gander. Holy holey sneakers, this is probably the best art shop I have ever been to. Their staff's intelligent and totally nerdy about supplies and art which is what I wanted. They do custom framing, too which is convenient. Their prices are typical of a fine arts store and are fair. From supplies for serious fine artists to craft supplies parents can use to create with their kids, this shop really does have everything you would ever need to get them creative juices flowin'.
5	This store continues to be great. They recently rearranged it, and it seems easier to walk around and find stuff. They seem to have the same selection, which is great. I actually found something I didn't expect with saved a project I was working on. Continues to be 5 stars.
5	Here you can find whatever you want. The employees are so kind and they really know their store. I really like this place
1	Went totally out of my way to purchase my supplies for school because my teacher told us to,  they are way over priced I so returned them and bought them at Top Notch Art Supply down on S Craig St. Just a few blocks off campus. Can't understand why our teacher pushes this place, it's like shopping in a cave, prices are high, it's over 2 miles from campus and all the staff is crabby, with sour puss looks.
2	BUYER BEWARE!  Here's the problem...Artist & Craftsman (A&C) in Squirrel Hill has the best selection of art products in the city of Pittsburgh, but their customer service is abysmal.  After calling ahead to ask about stock on a particular item and being told that the item was in stock and available, I walked to A&C to acquire it.  When I arrived, I learned that they did NOT actually carry the item I was looking for and was talked into buying a similar item in its place.  I got home with the substitute, and as soon as I had it out of the package I could tell it was inferior.  A quick writing/drawing test confirmed its shoddiness.  I went back to the store 2 days later with my receipt in hand to make a return in accordance with the return policy printed at the bottom of the receipt which reads, "Return 30 days w/ receipt."  Instead of accepting the return, the clerk told me they could only accept returns on unused, unopened items.  When I asked for a manager, the manager repeated the same (like a lemming!), and then added that he'd try to get the return policy on the receipt changed sometime in the future.  I used to spend a fair amount of money in A&C for their selection alone.  I may pop in to A&C to browse in the future but will be acquiring strictly online or from one of Pittsburgh's many other reputable art supply stores.  (Use Yelp or Google, you'll find them!)
