5	Had such a blast going through! The actors/cast are so good at what they do, they get me every time and I don't scare too easily!! The sets look so professional, and the prices are perfect for it being such an awesome amusement site! Great haunted house, would recommend it!!
5	This place was awesome. Got to see my wife scream and jump at least 10 times. The group we were had 2 people actually run out. We will be going back, as long as I can convince the boss. Worth the trip.
5	What a great time I had at this Haunt, I am a huge fan of Halloween and Haunts and will drive to see a good one.  I live in Chandler and this was worth the drive!!!  Get ready to get scared right out of your shoes!!!  You can tell the actors and owner really love Halloween their passion is obvious in the show!
5	Chamber of Fear was awesome. 3 Haunts, one line. The sets are great, the actors are great. The price was right. I really cant think of a negative. A+
5	such a great haunted house.
5	Chambers of Fear is a spectacular haunt if you're looking for a good time during Halloween season. I spoke to the owner after going through it and he said the building is open for Halloween season but is constantly improving itself throughout the year with the sole purpose of being the Valley's best haunted house. That in itself was very admirable as some places seem to just rely on the same gags every year.The line was a bit long to wait in but well worth it. They send you through in groups and it is pretty typical to start. Very very dark, hardly any light to see with, and mysterious black curtains to let you know you're progressing the right way. I won't give anything away but there are plenty of expected surprises that haunted houses usually have but then they have a few things that seem to play tricks on your senses that are really fun to experienceThere are 3 houses to go through and I liked the first and third one equally as much. The first one has great props and actors and the third one is an awesome concept. Price was not too shabby ($20 for all 3 haunts) and despite it being a bit out of the way, it is worth the trip to get into the spirit. Helpful to have a few drinks at the sports bar next door to get your liquid courage flowing ;) see you next year!
5	This haunted house is phenomenal. I was so freaked out the whole time! At 22 bucks per person it can get costly, but I think it's worth it. It takes a long time to get through the whole thing and it goes outside, too! Definitely recommended.
2	Had this been 7 miles away and under $10.00 it would be worth the money and time. They started off strong, great special effects and make up but then it had an anti-climatic ending. We went on Halloween in the hopes of getting the best out of the workers and the intense scare factor. We watched other couples receive dicounts and free admission and when we asked about the discount we were stone walled and there was no offer to compensate us. Overall I would only go if you can get in for a discount and don't have to drive 40 min.
4	This is a really fun maze or set of three mazes I guess.   They lead into one another but they're separate by theme which is really cool.  The first one has really cool effects and rooms. The second one is a lot of fun and the characters are really really fun. The third one starts out awesome and then ends up being the weakest of the three. But overall really well done.
5	Great haunted house!  The actors and effects are amazing and I screamed like a little girl and it's worth every dollar!  Can't wait to see what spooky surprises they have in store for us for 2014!
5	I've gone to Chambers of Fear a few years in a row and it is always a blast! The actors are really into their characters and do an amazing job. They scare the daylights out of people even while waiting in line before you enter the event.
4	This was a good haunted house with a couple cool robotic features as well. The staff did a good effort at engaging us and the girls really got scared a few times. I give it 3.7 stars anyway...
3	This is good for a group that wants to laugh at each other. Not terribly scary, but they put some work into it. It's pretty much the same thing throughout, mainly jumping out at you, but there are a few good scenes to make you appreciate the Halloween decorations. Would not pay more than the general admission price of $23, but it's probably worth it. And it's cash only with the ATM fee at $4 so bring your own cash.
4	Purchased my tickets (2 of them) from their website for me and a friend and redeemed them at the place, hassle free. We got there at about 7:15-7:55pm or so (don't remember exactly) but there was already a line building up out front. They had a line for the fast pass people and a line for general admission which of course was the longest line and what I had purchased online. They had security (MCSO- Sheriffs) everywhere, I felt really safe despite the fact we were just about to go through a scarefest.We waited in line for what seemed like 20-30 minutes which wasn't that bad considering they did have at least one or two live actors out front scaring unsuspecting people in the parking lot and in the line itself. Once we made it to the front of the line me and my buddy were merged into a group of other people to be sent into the starting building (this is why it would be good for groups of say 5-9 people who know eachother). The first building you go through which is the main building is the best building out of the bunch and it was very exciting or horrifying depending on how you feel about jumpscares (the girls who were merged into our group were scared pretty much every turn). It's like a really well built maze that you follow in the first building which seems endless but I thought it was awesome. The other two weren't that great, one sort of felt like it was thrown together to lead to the ending which felt even smaller and inadequate compared to the starting building.TL;DR: It was a great experience for the price. The only thing I didn't really care for was they were pitching the fact it was "3 scary attractions" when in reality it was 1 good one and 2 inadequate ones thrown together but I would still do it all over again because the first building/attraction was awesome. I will probably come back next year to check it out again.
5	This is a great haunt.  Indoors, quality and fun.  It certainly scares my family.  We go every year.  They do a great job with a lot of scares throughout.  This haunt is worth the money with three different haunts and a lot of vendors out front.
5	Superior scare attraction and on our side of town so we did have to drive all over the Valley.  The prices are reasonable, and the best feature that they have in my opinion is the immediate access,  Yes, it is a bit more expensive than their fast pass option, but when you consider whether you want to stand in line and wait, or just get right to the fun, it made sense to me.  The actors were all very good and the special effects were FANTASTIC!  There are a few that still have me wondering how they did them. Brought my teenager and his friend and despite their macho, they still got had a few times and I could tell they were truly surprised by a number of the unexpected surprises!Another bonus - no "surprise" parking fee like they pulled on me at the NEST a few years back.  That one still makes me a little mad.Best part of tonight - the management genuinely meant it when they thanked us for coming out.  It was genuine - and not like the places that "thank you for choosing..._insert company name here_.  So yes, this is on our list to return to next year!HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!
4	Very well done haunted attraction. You can tell from start to finish there is a lot of work put into the details. I was told they start working on this place in March. Not for the faint of heart as the people we started with finished much later then we did. Loved the "swamp" and Santa Claus lane. Fast pass tickets might be a good idea if you don't want to wait in a long line.I think to get a 5 star rating they should consider having some scary individuals outside getting people revved up for the event. Otherwise worth the money spent.
5	A little about me: I moved to Phoenix from Tucson about three years ago and, while I'll never defend anything about Tucson beyond college basketball (if they'd just move the home games to US Airways Center, it would be perfect), one item of "culture shock" I've had with Phoenix is that so many establishments are in strip mall shopping centers. It's not a criticism and I understand why it makes sense to have a bar/club with metal bands playing share a wall with a dry cleaning business or Kindercare facility -- but I still just find it interesting. I bring this up because COF is in the anchor store location of a Surprise/Sun City shopping center so it was funny to pull in and see the entrance actors meandering among the shopping center vehicles and I immediately wondered if they ever get crossed up with the general public just trying to pick up their dry cleaning or grab a taco. Maybe -- but it's all in good fun. And being in a shopping center didn't take away anything because, once you are inside, it's all haunted house business.I won't give anything away but the haunt itself was impressive. As others have mentioned, it's three parts and the first is definitely the "strongest" in the sense of a conventional haunted house attraction -- but I thought the other sets were still enjoyable, even if they weren't as scary. I may sound like an old biddy, but it's nice to see some really cool props and sets in addition to the actors popping out at you. Across the board, the props and sets were impressive (some really cool uses of lights and character interaction), the actors did a good job and, most of all, weren't obnoxious/screaming in your ear/lame. I'd say some of the best actors were the ones who didn't say anything because that's just eerie sometimes. In short -- it's a haunted house. So let down your guard enough to give this attraction the opportunity to scare you and I expect you'll be pleasantly surprised.
