4	It's chain pizza, but it's GOOD.  They offer a variety of flavored crusts, and they really are flavorful.  Their Howie Bread is pretty similar to Domino's breadsticks (which aren't the greatest), but the flavors make them a lot better.  And it's CHEAP.
5	I really don't like corporate/franchise pizza, but for some reason I love this Hungry Howie's location. Part of it is because I can often get a 14" pie for $5 and it is much better than Little Caesar's $5.55 Hot and Ready pizza. Part of it is the free flavored crust (garlic herb and butter cheese being my favorites). Part of it is the friendly owner and management, part of it is the good sanitation scores. They also have very good, large salads. Add these all up, and you have a place that is better and operated better than the other pizza chains - with better pizza too. I don't hesitate to order franchise pizza from this place. It may be dinner tonight.  $5 for a large two topping until 10/31 for the 3 year anniversary.  Where else you gonna get that on a Friday?
3	Dropping to 3 stars for now.  Got a pizza a couple of weeks ago and it was not good.  Very skimpy on the cheese and toppings, crust was slightly burned and hard.  It's nearly impossible to burn a pizza in a conveyor oven, but it can be done if you put too many things in it.  I'll come back and try it soon when I want a ready made pizza, but if it's not good, Papa Murphy's will continue to get my money.
3	Pizza is always hot and delicious with the perfect combo of toppings, cheese, sauce and we LOVE the garlic crust. Bummed they changed their coupon policy for pick up only.
4	Hello FriendsI haven't been to HH in over 10 years. (just reason being is that I moved) I ride by this location often and finally took the time to try them out again. Ordered delivery. I'm about 5-8 miles away. Ordered 1 Large 2 topping (sausage & pepperoni) w/  Garlic Butter crust. 2 small subs. (Italian sub & Turkey Club)The delivery only took Mayyyybe 20mins. The subs crust was crazy good. Both subs exceeded our expectations. And the pizza itself was Still very HOT. Try em out. Glad I did. It was just the way I remembered it!! GOOD!!
4	This is the only Hungry Howie's location I've been to but it's very good. They have ten different flavored crust with an additional one during the month(or week). They include original, butter cheese, butter, ranch, cajun, garlic herb, onion, and sesame.I've tried all but the onion flavored crust and I think the three best ones are the ranch, cajun, and garlic herb. It's really delicious warm, not so much when it's cold(the crust I mean).It's also perfect for people who want pizza on a bugdet. Three of us can each get a small pizza with flavored crust and toppings for under $20. My only downside is that I live in an apartment complex right across from the location so they won't deliver. But it's definitely good enough that I'm okay going out to pick it up.
4	Love their flavored crust pizza...not my all time favorite Pizza, but their close and timely on delivery....can DO!!!!
4	Decent and inexpensive pizza. I chose HH's because, well, they were in my credit card's rewards program and I needed one more "dine" before the end of the year. I've been past this place lots of times and never thought to stop because of Luigi's.Today I got a medium "Howie Maui" which is their name for the classic Hawaiian pizza with pineapple and ham. Well topped with plenty of both, it was plenty hot and it didn't take long at all. I do like quick service!As far as the chain pizzas go, I would put Howie's ahead of Pizza Hut and far ahead of Domino's, maybe it's almost as good as Papa John's. But like so many things, pizza is a very personal choice. You likely feel different.If I'm ever looking for a variety of pizzas for a party or a lunch, I think Hungry Howie's would be a good choice. But if I was just looking for a slice, I'd look to Luigi's.Note: Some people drive this parking lot very quickly. Be careful.
1	I am writing this to comment on the delivery driver at this location. A driver  was driving ridiculously erratic While I was driving home (I live about 100 yards from this location) a car began riding dangerously close to me, in my review i noticed they had a pizza delivery sign on top for hungry howies. They were obviously on there way back to the store (so not rushing a pizza to someone)  and they began swapping lanes and riding everyones tale (there was plenty of traffic but it was moving at the speed limit). The driver passed me and made some very dangerous lane changes almost hitting (and definitely angering many other drivers).I did not try to keep up with the driver (because of their dangerous speed and illegal maneuvers), but since it is literally beside my home, I drove by the hungry howies and sure enough that persons car was there. It's just ridiculous for someone who is driving for a business and representing that business to drive in that manner. For that reason I will not eat here.
4	I always get their coupons in my mailbox so I figured it was time to give them a try. So I decided to order online for a quick lunch. I tried the Howie Maui which comes with bacon, ham, pineapple and mozzaralla cheese. I loved the concept of flavored crust! They offer a pretty good selection that seem like that could work well based on the toppings you chose, but since I didn't really know what to expect, I just kept it safe and ordered the Asiago Cheese crust.I arrived right at the scheduled time for my pickup and it was coming out the oven when I walked it...so it was piping hot! My initial thoughts were that for the price, this sure was a pretty decent size pizza! And then I tasted my first bite and they won me over. That crust was amazing!!! Seriously, it was more than I ever expected! I enjoyed the flavor and the crispiness of the crust. The sauce wasn't overwhelmingly sweet or spicy it was just right and they were not skimpy with the toppings either! I was very impressed....I'm sure you can tell but I'm totally a fan. I already can't wait to go back!
5	Love the different flavor crusts and they had my food delivered in under twenty minutes. Howie bread is the BEST!
1	I placed and order for 3 pizzas and they said it would be about 45 mins. 1.5hrs later and after having to call twice the food finally shows up. One pizza is burnt and of course all 3 were no longer hot. For $50...not worth it. Overpriced, bad service and poor delivery.
