5	I was feeling the need for a snack the other day and happened to be in the area of this little gem.  So I popped over to see what they had to offer, I was very pleasantly surprised.  The smell of fresh baked bread and other goodies meets you at the door, which is always fun.Besides the inviting smells, the employees are super nice.  Even though all I bought was a cookie they offered me a free taste of one of their other products (btw the pecan sweet bread is awesome).  Plus I liked the open layout of the place.  You can watch as they pull the bread out of the oven and wrap it up for you.
5	This is such a sweet little place.  It feels a bit like stepping back in time. The employees are so friendly, and they are happy to give samples.  They do sell out sometimes, so the selection can be rather slim if you get there later in the day. My son loves the cinnamon bread - I use it for his peanut butter sandwiches and it is his favorite!
4	If you're doing the whole Atkins diet thing-don't even read this review b/c I don't want to be blamed for your downfall. I checked out Great Harvest this morning since I saw I had a BOGO coupon for a honey whole wheat loaf of bread in the Citipass book. Loving all things carbs, I checked online and they were open early. Such a nice change for a morning person like me since many things in Charlotte don't seem to be open early on the wknd! I walked in there and this place is HUGE! Of course the other thing I noticed was the smell of fresh breads being baked, so many flavors, so little time. IHowever, it was filled not only with bread but an inventory of dips, chutneys, sauces, etc. They also have a cart with dry soup mix that is gluten free and looked pretty tasty. I wasn't sure what to get there so I went with Rosemary Garlic loaf to get something with flavor. This girl cooks a lot of Italian food so I am sure I can incorporate it in a meal somewhere. They have toaster and round loaves-which just mean the size of the loaf (I had no clue what they meant when they asked this so I just said toasted in an inquisitive way). Their bread has no artificial ingredients or preservatives and according to their website, shouldn't be refrigerated but can be frozen (they gave me extra bags when I told them I want to freeze mine). They also have a bread card where you buy 12 loaves, you get one free. When I saw others put three $$$ for price on here, I don't agree. The loaves are about $5 a pop and most bread at the supermarket is an average of $3 so I don't think the price is too high, especially for freshly baked bread without preservatives or artificial ingredients. I dig how they have the nutritional info on their website so you can see what you're taking in. They also have sandwiches there besides bread so if you're looking for a quick treat, you should stop on in! Two Citipass coupons--one for a free loaf, the other is for BOGO sandwich.
4	Used to work at a place in the same shopping center and every Saturday I'd go and get myself either a cookie or a Savannah bar or muffin. Some of the best baked goods Charlotte has to offer.
5	For home-made carby goodness this is your one stop shop.  Besides a small and rotating selections of freshly baked breads, this shop also offers a number of sweet treats and other baked goods, all of which deserve a try.  They also offer lunch sandwiches, made with their bread and your choice of meat and/or veggies.  For me, this is usually a breakfast time stop, especially on Saturdays.  They make some of the biggest cinnamon rolls I have ever seen- in both a low fat and a fully-leaded version.  If you're not feeling so sweet, their scuffins (that's a mix between a muffin and a scone) are a solid choice.  Add in a cup of their fresh-brewed counter culture coffee and you're all set to start the day in the right way.Do check their web site or stop in and pick up a monthly calendar to see what their baking for that month.  Speciality breads change monthly, but there are standards that remain- such as Friday's cinnamon chip and their honey wheat loaves.  On certain days they also do gluten free breads, for those who need it.  Be aware that on some baking days breads may not be available until about noon  You can always stop in and place your order early to make sure you have it waiting for you.  You can call in your order too.Price wise, you'll pay a little more than your average supermarket, but then I think you are getting a better product that you know was made locally and fresh.  Their speciality breads are also things you won't find at the average market (cherry and white chocolate chip anyone?).  I also love that the owners are big supporters of the local running scene.  If you have done any local 5K or greater, chances are better than not these guys are at the finish line offering you a fresh slice off one of their loaves.  That they invest in a healthy community just makes me love then a little more.
4	Carbo looooooooooad!It's oh-so-fun to carbo load at Great Harvest...a delicious little shop filled with the tastiest bread, sweets and cookies. I see that they also offer fresh sandwiches, but I have yet to nosh on one. All employees are very sweet & friendly and I *think* they still offer punch cards for frequent bread buyers! Some of my favorite items from Great Harvest...Rosemary garlic: ZOMG. I could eat this at any time of the day...the perfect amount of salt and carb. The bread is great as is and even a bit better toasted up. Trust me. Get some. Dakota: Perfect, substantial sandwich bread with pumpkin seeds on top!Cinnamon swirl: A lower cal option to a cinnamon roll. With butter, yes please.Cookies: In general, I have not come across a cookie I haven't loved here. Check out their website for different bread bake days and make sure to score yourself some carby deliciousness. Nom.
4	I don't do well with yeasty bread type food. Meaning my body does not love me for eating it as much as my mind/tastebuds do and I swell up for a week. That said, when I just have to cheat and have some great bread, this is the place for it. I always tend to go for the sweet breads like the Blueberry Cheesecake bread, the Cinnamon Chip or Cinnamon Swirl bread (GREAT FRENCH TOAST!!!), Cherry, or Apple Pecan bread. Each could be eaten plain but are taken over the top when you toast them with some honey or some other spread. I wish I could learn how to make the breads. Wait, scratch that.  No I don't. Their cinnamon "scuffins" (if scones and muffins mated) are excellent and hubby likes the cinnamon rolls (not my fave). Even their snickerdoodle cookies or plain honey wheat loaves are good. They have a Florentine kind of loaf that is perfect for holiday/italian meals. Well it's a crowd pleaser but sometimes gets you in trouble w/ the Italian Mother In Law because it's more popular than what was previously served. Consider yourself warned.Great Harvest gets brownie points for supporting the race community and providing post-race samples :) Yay! The only reason I don't give this place a 5 star rating is that seemingly every time we have a craving to go, it's Sunday morning, when they're closed. Dang! Also I would love for them to offer some sort of breakfast sandwich with eggs in it and a place to sit down. Other than that, nothing but love.
4	If you know of better cinnamon rolls in Charlotte, let me know. They are great here.
4	I can't believe I haven't reviewed this place before.  I stop here at least once a week to get my carb on.  I absolutely love this place, and let me tell you why.I first discovered their delectable bread at the farmer's market a few months ago.  I'm forever on a quest for a good bakery.  The had samples of everything they offered that day, so I got to try a few different things.  That first day, I purchase their spinach and feta bread (like a savory, moist challah bread - so good!!).  The texture was perfect, and the eggs made it such a moist bread.  I also tried their blondies that day.  For two dollars a piece, you get a 3x3x1 (or slightly bigger, depending) bar cookie.  It was so buttery and fantastic!  Since then, I've tried many different styles of their bread and desserts.  Their garlic cheddar bread is divine, and they have some of the best whole grain breads I've ever tasted.  If you like a nuttier bread, their Dakota is chocked full of pepitas and sunflower seeds.  Even their low carb whole grain bread is fantastic, and it doesn't taste like the light bread you buy in the store.Best of all, they don't use any preservatives in their bread.  They use freshly milled grains (ground within 24 hours), which apparently retains some of the natural protein found in the grain.  They also sell all of their goods within 48 hours and donate unsold bread to charity.  Their ingredient list and nutrition information is readily available on their website, along with a schedule of days when certain bread is produced.  The rotate their menu every month, although they do have some bread they offer every day.  The staff has always been patient, friendly, and helpful in answering questions.When you go to their bakery location, you can try anything they have out that day as well, including desserts, cookies, and "scuffins" (a cross between a scone and a muffin).  They also offer sandwiches, homemade jelly, and coffee, but I've not tried any of them.  For the holidays, you can purchase pies or their "jewel bread," which is basically a super delicious fruit cake.Their prices on bread are about $4.50 to $6.50, which seems a little steep until I think about all the bread I end up wasting when I purchase store-bought loaves.  It's a rare occasion that the bread I buy here doesn't get eaten.  If you're looking for healthy, fresh bread, this is definitely the place to go.
4	Do yourself a favor and go to Great Harvest Bread Co! I love this little place. There's nothing better than freshly baked bread and this is the place to get it. The staff here are so sweet.My favorite bread is The Dakota.  Sunflower and pumpkin seeds make this loaf amazing.The sandwiches here are yum. They only have 3 vegetarian options, that's my only complaint. I'm a fan of  "The Masters": pimento cheese, spicy pecans, hot pepper jelly, lettuce, cucumber. Mmmm. You're going to pay a little more than you would at the grocery store obviously, but the quality and simplicity of the ingredients make it worth the cash for me.  FYI they have a coupon in the Charlotte Citipass book: buy any loaf and get a honey whole wheat loaf free!
5	Love this place!! Everyone needs to know that not only is this bakery an amazing place to get breads, desserts, sandwiches, etc for your whole grain loving friends, it is also a great place to get gluten-free breads and cookies on Tuesdays and Wednesdays! The GF goodies are specially baked on Mondays at their Rea Rd bakery so as to avoid cross-contamination issues. Amazing. Check it out and spread the word... House favorites ... ** Cinnamon chip bread. Great house-warming gift. Excellent in French Toast. Also comes in a gluten-free version. ** Dakota - Vegan sandwich bread!! Also comes in a gluten-free version. Sooo good! They aren't making GF sandwiches because they have not sorted out the cross-contamination issues yet, but I have my fingers crossed that a Great Harvest sandwich will be in my future very soon...
5	I thought that the cinnamon chip bread was the best bread I had ever had.....then I purchased one (crazy me...should have bought a dozen) of their blueberry scones.  I think this was one of the most amazing treats I have ever had!
4	Let's face it, the best part of Great Harvest is the free samples. You can sample any of their breads or cookies. My favorite to sample is the cherry white chocolate bread. It's delicious, decadent, and I'm always afraid to buy a loaf for fear of my teeth falling out. I visit Great Harvest at least once a month on a Friday for a loaf of their challah. It's a sweeter challah that we like with butter, apple butter, hummus, and as challah french toast. I also like the honey wheat bread for pb&j or turkey sandwiches during the week.
4	Sandwich shops are everywhere. So you encounter one that makes their own bread, which you can buy, and the ingredients between the bread are FRESH, you talk about it. Great job!! Had the "greenway", turkey, swiss, lettuce, tomato... Just a simple sandwich that when i bit into, i had to pause to savor the AWSOME FLAVOR OF THE BREAD! Can't eat anything for a while so i can savor the flavor.
5	I was so happy to discover this place! Delicious whole grain bread that will definitely be replacing my standard grocery store varieties. The epitome of nutritious and delicious.
