1	Do NOT do business with these people. Sloppy job, uneven tile, and refused to rectify the situation.
5	These guys are awesome.  They came in and did the job quick and efficient.  Rich was a real nice down to Earth guy and told me what they could do to fulfill what I wanted.  I was very pleased with the final results! 5 stars!
5	We just had 2 rooms tiled by Set-N-Stone.  Rich came to our house exactly when he said.  The work was done right on target.  The advise given was perfect.  The crew that came to our home were awesome.  They were respectful, neat, efficient and worked meticulously.  I would recommend this company without hesitation.
5	My wife and I decided to have new stone installed in our bathrooms and the floor in our kitchen and den area.  There was ceramic tile on the floors in these areas and we chose a Travertine stone as the replacement material for all floors,  as well as the shower and tub surrounds in both bathrooms.  After making our material selection we began shopping for someone to handle this significant demo / installation.  We interviewed and received quotes from three (3) different companies and made the decision to work with Rich at Southwest Set n Stone.  We were impressed during Rich's visit to our home by his evaluation of how he would proceed with our project.  He was extremely knowledgeable and led us through the process in detail.  He also made several suggestions that we had not considered but that turned out to be important to the overall success of our project.   All aspects of our project , from Rich's initial quote to final inspection were done in an extremely professional manner.  Rich delivered everything he committed to and more.    My wife and I were astounded by the skill level of the team Rich assigned to our project.   In addition to being stone "artists" - as I began calling them, they were meticulous in how they conducted themselves in all facets of this undertaking.  You can tell from these comments that we are thrilled with the results provided by Rich and his team, and whole-heartedly recommend Rich and Southwest Set n Stone to anyone looking for quality, attention to detail and an end result that, in our case, exceeded our most optimistic expectations. Mike G.Tempe, AZ
