5	Fast service: Called Vilyan and 15 mins later he was working on my phone at a near by starbucks...took only 20 mins to fix the cracked screenDef the most affordable place to get your phone fixed (way cheaper than the apple store)He was very nice and professional....the phone works great now...i would def recommend him
5	I thought my day was ruined when I dropped my iPhone 4S and shattered the front screen.  However, I called Mike at iPro and he came to my rescue in minutes!!  Yes, they make house calls!  In no time at all he removed and replaced the front screen.  It is perfect again.  My husband will never know!!!
5	Dropped my phone on vacation... Glass cracked across whole front surface. Vilyan came to my house and fixed my phone dirt cheap in no time.  Great and very professional service.  I would recommend to anyone!  He also asked me to follow up to make sure that everything worked okay; you don't get service this cheap or thorough anywhere!
5	I am so thankful for iPro. I have never broken the screen to my phone before so I freaked out when my phone went crashing to the ground shattering my front screen. I called and they met me within 20 minutes close to my house. In minutes my phone screen was replaced and working like normal. Everything was very professional, very affordable, and very convenient.
5	Mike was awesome (not to mention pretty cute). Clumsy me broke my iphone and was dreading having to pay $199-$450 to get it replaced. It was only $75 to replace the screen of my 4s ($40 for iphone 3). Since he was in the area at the time, he actually came to my work and fixed it for me right here! Thanks! I would definitely recommend this company to anyone who has a broken screen on their phone.
5	This guy is awesome.  Totally affordable (same price as all the lowest quotes I got when shopping around)-- but he COMES TO YOU! Extremely fast and convenient service!  He was really pleasant and even fixed a little something extra while he was here-- my iPhone is a mess ;).  Well, actually not anymore, all thanks to this guy!  :)
5	Mike is GREAT.  He answers right away and sets up a convenient location to meet and fixes the phone in 15 minutes.  I can't believe how professional and fast he is able to do the work.  He brings all the parts and tools with him and changes out the screen.  It is certainly NOT easy to do this, but he makes it look like he has done it thousands of times.  highly recommend
5	My iphone 4 has been cracked severely for almost a year now. I finally decided to get it replaced. I looked up mobile repairs and came up with this person. He came to me same day service and took only 15 min to repair. Now my phone looks and works just as well as it did the first day I got it. Would definitely recommend him to everyone. Inexpensive and professional
5	My girlfriend dropped her iPhone 4 and the screen shattered.  I called 4 different repair places from Google. Two of them were not conveniently located and additionally, they both quoted $89 and an approximate repair time of up to two hours. One of the companies was an answering machine. My last call was to Mobile iPhone Glass Repair. The gentleman who answered the phone told me his company was a mobile company and he would come to me.  He was courteous and said he would work around our schedule and be able to complete the job within 10 minutes.I told him we wouldn't be home until around 8 PM but we needed the phone fixed before the next day. He told me to text him, or call him when we anticipated we would arrive home. I texted him at 7:30 PM saying we were on our way home.  He texted back immediately asking if I would like him to be at our house at 8.  At 7:58 he texted that he was 2 minutes away. At 8 PM, he texted that he had arrived, was waiting in the driveway and would be happy to start as soon as we were ready. I invited him in.  As promised, he completed the repair in 10 minutes and couldn't have been more polite and professional. Excellent experience!  Excellent service!Honestly, I couldn't more highly recommend the services of this knowledgeable young man. And, his service was less expensive then all his competitors.  Both my girlfriend and I pasted our praise of his services on our Facebook pages and will be sending him a lot of business. Thank you, Mike.  Excellent job!
5	Met up in a convenient location and had the new glass replaced in about 10 minutes. Mike was friendly and I would definitely call him again for any future iPhone repairs.
5	The Best Mobile Iphone Glass Repair Ever . . .  Shattered My Iphone Screen, Called And He Was Right Here Within 5 Minutes To My Work~! He Was Actually On His Way Out Of Town And He Still Came To My Rescue, What A Guy~! Coolest, Nicest And Cutest, I Will Recommend This Company Over Any Of Them Out There~!
5	Shattered my iPhone and he was able to come out to my house and fix my phone within an hour! Very professional and works very quickly! Will refer to all of my friends!
5	Called Mike today about fixing a cracked iPhone screen, Super  nice on the phone and came out to the house later the same day.  Fixed the phone perfectly in about ten min.  Great experience and will gladly refer friends to him.
5	Mike was awesome.  First off - he comes to your house or business, making it really convenient.   Second, he's a machine!  This guy deconstructed my entire iphone, changed out the broken on/off button (yes, you have to remove about 50 screws and small pieces just to get to the silly button) - put it back together and had it up and running like new in less than 10 minutes.  I would recommend him to anyone who needs it fixed, fixed right and fixed fast!!! Thanks Mike
5	This service is unbeatable! Reliable, quick and economical. I have tried others, waited at kiosks forever and the expensive Apple Store and will never go back. He is there quickly after a text or call, is courteous and professional and fixed it rapidly in my condo lobby. He also does other Mac glass repair so glad to know the service is out there!
5	I shattered my iPhone screen at 8:30 at night, and by 9:30, Mike had it fixed. He answered the phone right away and had me meet him at a restaurant he was at with some friends. Right there at his table, he replaced my screen in less than 15 minutes. He was personable, confident, and affordable. You can't beat that kind of service.
5	Mike did such an awesome job fixing mine and my fiance's iPhones. He drove way across town to us and was super fast and efficient. I would highly recommend him to anyone needing their screen repaired!
4	My phone fell off the arm of a chair and the front screen smashed. I've done some tinkering with our phones before but after watching the You Tube video on how to do this I was a bit overwhelmed. I was not overly excited about the prospect of making an appointment at the "local" Apple store, either, which is about 35 minutes away. Mike showed up at my front door a few hours after I first called him and I was good to go within 20 minutes. He was professional and competent while he fixed my phone with an audience of my entire family and babysitter.Would definitely recommend him to anyone and will use him again should the need arise!
5	Mike came out today to repair one of our company iPhones.  Called him in the morning, and he was out the same afternoon.  In and out in about 10 minutes and the screen is shiny and new again.Will use him again I am sure, people around here seem to be prone to iphone disasters :)
5	Mike has came to my house 3 times(Unfortunately) for 3 different phones in our household. Every time I've called him he's scheduled a time within the next day or the same day to make it look new again. He's quick and cheap! I would recommend him to anyone.
5	Mike came right out after I called him. All the way to the edge if town. He fixed two of my iPhones, super quick. I had two shattered screens, that now are new and shiny. They look better than before, like a brand new iPhone. One of the phones is going to a 2 year old so....I'll definitely be calling him again next week to fix it again! I recommend mike to anyone who need there phone fixed. He's mobile, cheap, and Great service. Really a smart guy who knows what he's doing. Thanks mike!!!!
5	awesome and quick service! mike came out and repaired my cracked glass the same day i called. he took about 10 minutes to do it, too. beautiful job...and no waiting! i recommend this service to anyone that needs your iphone glass replaced.
5	I broke the screen on my iPhone 4s a few months ago when I dropped it. I was learning to live with it, but, as it became less sensitive to the touch, I decided to search Yelp for a company that had excellent reviews. When I found Mobile iPhone Glass Repair and read all the wonderful reviews I knew I'd found the right company. I called Mike, he answered his phone immediately and offered to either meet me at Desert Ridge and fix it for $75 or come to my home for $80. I opted to have him come to my home to repair my phone. He told me there were a few appointments ahead of me, but he would come out in the afternoon of the same day.Mike was an excellent communicator from the beginning. He answered his phone quickly, let me know when he was on his way, texted me when he was 5 minutes out and again when he was in my driveway. He quickly went to work disassembling my phone and had the screen fixed in under 15 minutes. I happily paid him and he was on his way.Laster on that day I went to take a photo and my iPhone 4s camera wouldn't focus. I tried various fixes to no avail and even did a little online research. Fortunately, Mike is a standup guy and returned to correct the issue. Luckily it was a very simple fix that took him about 5 seconds. Add another happy customer to your list Mike.
5	The left side of my iPhone screen was suddenly no longer sensitive. I figured this was something that could not be fixed and I am one of few who still has the unlimited data plan with Verizon which will go away as soon as I make any changes to my current plan. So, I lived with it for about 6 months. Finally I got so frustrated, I tried to find a way to purchase a new phone for less than $600+ without using my Verizon upgrade. This seemed to be an impossible feat. A friend told me to search for a local iPhone repair company to see if they might be able to help - in comes Mike to save the day! He was easy to communicate with and had a flexible schedule! He was on time and was able to take the whole thing apart, replace the broken piece and get it put back together in mere minutes - all for $75!!! Doesn't get much better than that! My iPhone is working like it is brand new once again :)Thanks Mike! I will be sure to recommend you to anyone and everyone I know!
5	I dropped my iPhone 5 on my lunch break yesterday and of course my luck of no damage finally ran out and my screen shattered into a million pieces. I quickly slapped a piece of packing tape on it so I wouldn't slice my fingers open trying to use it and glass wouldn't fall out everywhere. A little panicked, I scheduled an appointment with the Apple Genius Bar to get it fixed that night. They told me the screen couldn't be replaced and since I was out of my warranty, I had to replace the whole phone to a tune of $269+tax. I thanked them for their time and started my Yelp search for another less expensive option immediately.It was late when I found iPro iPhone Repair last night so I waited and called them on my lunch break today at work. Mike answered immediately and when I told him my woes he assured me that he should be able to fix it and said he could come out and take a look at the damage after his next appointment. He gave me pricing options over the phone and had me text him my details to make things simple. He even kept me in the loop about when he headed my way and when he was close by! And sure enough he was there before we closed for the day and got to work on my phone right away while I continued working which was amazing because we were super busy. (God bless my boss for letting me take care of this at work!)Mike finished up so quick that I couldn't believe he hadn't just swapped it out for a new phone! I should have asked him for a stack of his business cards because I had to write down his info for 3 different people at my office when they saw how easy and quick the service was!
5	Awesome! He is so fast, so friendly, and his prices are great! Sadly this is my 2nd time I dropped my phone and needed to replace the glass, but I was so pleased with the service the first time, I knew immediately who to call! I completely recommend Mike 100%!
5	Beyond expectations! Called Mike after a few failed attempts to communicate with iMobile Repair (don't call him, he doesn't return your call) and Mike committed to fix my phone same day. He sent me a text as he was leaving with the part (screen and LCD and all the goodies). He called me about 5 minutes before he arrived. He had all the tools in hand and a "body guard, bill collector" (a friend) with him. With lightening speed and a quality of professionalism that was indicative of muchly experience, Mike proceeded to disassemble, repair and revive. No mouth to phone resuscitation was necessary. Part of the testing procedure was for me to make a call. I rang Mike and when I talked my voice came out sounding like Donald Duck. Mike told me that should fade with lower humidity.  (Just kidding). All worked perfectly. He offered at no extra charge a one year warranty on my repair and parts - providing that I don't take it for a face plant in the pavement again. Quick - efficient - professional - personable... You'd think he knew what he was doing. He does. Call him - you'll discover a breath of fresh air. Thanks, Mike. Mmmm.... no parking validation though. (He came to me.)
5	Mike responded immediately, meeting me at a convenient time and place. The replacement of my iPhone screen was quick. He is professional and courteous.
5	Timely, very professional, and most importantly affordable!
5	Got my iPhone 5 fixed in no time at all.  Having him come out to the house was an added bonus.  Been a month now and things are working fine.  Nice work!
5	I called Mike about repairing two iPhone 4 shattered screens.  He came to my house as scheduled, dismantled those babies in no time flat, replaced the screens and reassembled in no time flat, and.....done.  He's definitely done this a few times before :-)  I normally don't sit and watch people do their jobs but I was fascinated at how easily and efficiently Mike was able to take apart and reassemble the phones.  It was like me putting something in the microwave.
1	If a zero would be possible that's what he would get.  I have called him multiple times with no response whatsoever.   I don't think Mike exists.  I think he's an alien.  non-existent.   Still looking for someone to repair the glass on my phone but definitely won't be calling this number.   He is NOT timely and wouldn't know about affordable or professional because he does not exist.
5	As others have expressed, I've owned an iPhone for the past 4 years and never experienced a cracked screen.  When I dropped it on a hike yesterday I was devastated.  I found mike through yelp. As advertised Mike came to me fixed the issue and was on his way.  He was quick friendly and professional.  I'll definitely use him in the future.
5	Repaired a shattered screen on an iPhone 5 in less than 15 minutes after meeting this out of towner at the hotel. Great attention to detail and very flexible customer oriented mobile service had Mike bringing his services to where I needed them in Phoenix a couple of hours after my initial phone call.
5	This is a great place to call to repair your Iphone. I dropped my phone which messed up the LCD lighting so i couldn't open some of my apps. However I called Mike and he understood perfectly. He sent someone out and it was working like new in 30 minutes. I would recommend them to anyone.
5	I shot Mike a text from work yesterday, asking about a repair of my 5S which I had recently cracked the screen on. He quoted me 2 prices, one for a repair with higher quality components and a 1-year warranty, and another with regular components. Both prices quoted were less than a warranty replacement from Verizon, and less than any other iPhone repair place in the valley for a 5S.He swung by my house about 6 pm, sat at my coffee table, and 15 minutes later my phone was like new again.He gave me a receipt for warranty purposes and was on his way. Excellent experience. I will definitely recommend him to friends.
5	It's true. Just like the other reviews. He came to my work. He took care of my 5s in about 5 min. Amazing to watch him do it.  I'd use him again. I hope I don't have to.
5	This is the perfect solution when your screen breaks. Mike is very nice, professional, accommodating and he quickly fixed your phone. He will come to you, or you can go to him and he is very reasonably priced.  I would highly recommend to anyone!
5	Quick service!  Was here in 15 minutes and made my phone look like new after I cracked my screen into a million pieces! Friendly and quick!
5	I dropped my phone about 20 feet and completely demolished the screen to the point I could barely use my phone. Googled screen repair and found Mike. About 2 hours after we spoke he was at my job at lunch and had my phone fixed in minutes and arrived ahead of schedule. Disaster averted! I will definitely recommend Mike to anyone in a similar or less dramatic situation! And the price was far better than using my insurance plan!
5	Dropped my phone before I was taking off to Phoenix for a work trip. Couldn't find anyone in the SF area to fix in such a short amount of time. Called Mike when I landed in Phoenix and he offered to meet me that night. He ended up meeting me at work the next morning (he came back twice because I told him the wrong model!) and fixed within 10 min. It looks like new! Highly recommended!
5	Awesome fast amazing service! Mike came to my office to fix my 5s and it works perfectly!!! I will definitely call mike for all my iPhone screen needs.
5	Mike came to my office at short notice and fixed my phone in under 15 min- no inconvenience, and a great price!He is the go to guy!
5	Mike is fantastic! I had a shattered iPhone 5 screen, and he was awesome at working with my schedule to meet up and get my phone fixed, and it only took him 10 minutes to fix it. Also--BY FAR the cheapest I found. I will definitely be recommending him to anyone I know who needs iPhone glass repair. Very pleased with the service.
5	Mike did a fantastic job on short order replacing my iPhone 5s screen.  Easy to get ahold of and excellently priced!  He even met up with me on a Saturday afternoon.
5	Mike is the best at what he does and will come to your home or place of business.  If have used him 3 times for my daughters phone and he comes through every time.  The screen he uses are of high quality and works every single time.  I highly recommend Mike for any iPhone repair needs.
5	Mike is nice, accommodating, friendly, professional, reasonably priced, the list goes on and on. Much to my surprise, he made time for me despite the fact that I phoned him at 3pm. The job was done by 6pm. He even patiently explained what he did, why phones crack, etc. I will recommend him to EVERYONE.
5	This was such a simple process!! Mike was super flexible with my schedule and was able to meet me right away!! My phone was good as new within 15 min.
5	With just a month and a half left on my contract, it was hard to convince myself that repairing my iPhone 5 screen would be financially worthwhile, even though it looked terrible. Mike at Mobile iPhone Glass Repair was able to give me such a good deal on a screen replacement that I can now say it was -absolutely- worth the price. In just fifteen minutes, he was able to take my phone from shattered and broken to perfect again! He even came to my workplace, and was able to fix it at his car with all of the tools on-hand. He was polite, quick and did a great job! If you're looking for convenience and a good quality repair, I highly recommend giving him a try. I might actually be able to trade in my phone for a better deal when I renew/change my contract now!
5	Great new screen protector purchased inexpensively
5	Amazing service and great prices! Called mike and within 30 min we met and And 10 minutes later my phone was fixed! Definitely recommend him!!!
5	They were great! They came to my house to replace my iPhone glass that day, and they completed the replacement in about 10 minutes. Very friendly and good service, will definitely recommend to my friends.
5	Mike was professional, prompt, and did a great job! Took 15 min. to replace iPhone 5 display. Very good experience overall.  Quick, easy, and would call again!
5	Mike is a mobile phone repair service, and came to my house at my convenience...on a Sunday even! My phone screen was shattered pretty badly, and within 10 minutes, Mike has me set up with a new screen and tempered glass protector! Friendly, fast, and affordable. I am big on great customer service, and Mike is 5 stars all around! Thank you and I WILL be recommending him to family and friends!
5	I have used him for my iPad mini and my iPhone 5 and within an hour of calling I had new working screens . Fast efficient service. Mike is fast and reliable.
5	Mike has helped my husband and I multiple times with our iphone screen crack incidents.  He comes to wherever we are and is super fast!  Hi prices are very reasonable too!! We highly recommend him for all your iphone mishaps!
5	Mike is excellent! After I contacted him, he came over to fix my cracked iPhone 5s screen the very next day. His prices are the most reasonable in town, and he makes sure he does it absolutely right. The overall process was very fast (under 20 minutes from start to finish). I felt very safe having him in my home, and it was a very friendly business transaction. I 100% recommend this repair service over the others in town!
5	Great. Super fast. Came all the way to my house. Was super friendly. I would recommend to everyone
5	What great service!!  Mike came right to my house and had my screen fixed in just 5 short minutes!!   I also purchased a tempered glass cover for my phone that he installed. Faster, easier,  and less expensive than you would spend at Verizon or Apple!!  Not only was the service great, he was super friendly and very informative!!
