5	I'm not sure what I was expecting when we went to Pastis the first time a few weeks ago, but what we found was a very pleasent surprise!Part deli, part cafe, and part grocery store and all wonderful. The fare is a combination of dishes from the Eastern European nations that are slowly starting to appear here in America.Hot and cold sandwiches, pierogi, sausages, soups and salads, appetizer plates and the best crepes I have ever had. They do not serve alcohol just yet but they are working on it, so look for it in the future.My personal fondness for spicy and flavourful sausages is satisfied here with wonderful Bratwurst, the "Budapest", (a lovely sandwich of grilled Hungarian sausage, provolone cheese, roasted peppers and a chipotle aioli sauce. Yum!), and Sudjuk sausage. (A spicy Slavic beef sausage served on a regional pita bread made fresh and served with hummus.)The Cobb salad was of considerable proportions and they even have selections for the little ones.The grocery stocks a few snacks and beverages from several Eastern European countries and all that we've tried have been delightful.They have just added a breakfast menu as well that sounds wonderful but we have not had the opportunity to try it yet.I would recommned Pastis to anyone without hesitation, I hope you'll give it a try.
5	We went to Pastis on the recommendation of some friends.  Our good friends went with us on a Saturday night.  This place was great.  I'd describe it like others: part bistro, part cafe, part casual restaurant.  It also has take-out and a market if you are longing for your European favorite chocolates, sauces, canned meats :-).We sat in the restaurant area.  VERY casual and I loved that.  We were greeted very kindly by one of the owners' wife.  The menu has plenty of options.  Our server (who actually was one of the owners as well) told us about the special (Chicken Cordon Bleu) and spoke with such perfection in his accents on Spanish and French words that we had to ask where he was from.  One of the owners, Luka (sorry if I misspelled it), was born in Serbia, but grew up in the French Riviera.  His father was a professional soccer player so they traveled a lot.  Luka himself was also a professional soccer player and that is what brought him to Arizona (on a scholarship).  He loved it so much and decided to stay.  VERY humble and nice guy and it is great that the owners have such a stake in the business at these early stages.Two in our party opted for the Cordon Bleu special, which was fantastic!  I ordered the Athena sandwich (pastrami) and my friend ordered the Madrid sandwich (prosciutto and turkey and brie).  All of these were the first recommendations from Luka, whithout hesitation.  THEY WERE GREAT!  There were so many things on the menu and I wanted to try them all...so I'll definitely be back.The portions were perfect, and the sandwich portion was generous.  We heard about the crepes as well and opted to order (2 per order, yum!).  We got Nutella/Banana and Nutella/Toasted Coconut/Crushed biscuit.  Holy crap they were good -- do the crushed biscuit...it really adds something great!Overall, this place was fantastic!  If there was a 4.5 star rating I'd have to give it that.  Luka was very kind, explained everything and shared some personal history of his journey to this point.  Great atmosphere.  He also explained the name of the restaurant to us, so you'll have to ask *when* you go (not if, but when).This is a great place and we WILL be back!  We saw they have a "breakfast in Paris" menu on Sat/Sunday morning so we'll have to try that some time.It is places like Pastis that I hope truly survive more than the conglomorates.  Passion is evident here at Pastis.UPDATE May 2009:  Went back and the fact that the owners remembered us was awesome -- up one more star for local goodness.  And live music on Saturday nights now!!
5	My husband and I have been to this restaurtant twice and I'm already planning a return visit.  Their pita bread is simply the most amazing bread I've ever had IN MY LIFE!  Desserts are awesome too!  Oh, and by the way, the young man that waited on us has to be the most handsome waiter in the east valley!  Go for the food...enjoy the scenery!
5	I went to Pastis today for lunch, and it was great!I ordered the Madrid:Hot sandwich with Prosciutto & turkey on toasted multigrain bread with sweet mixed greens, basil pesto aioli, tomatoes and home made mozzarella.It was delicious.The restaurant is very cozy and the service was great!I also got the soup of the day, the pablano pepper soup,I am saving it for when I get home, but I am sure it was good.The other two people I went with ordered the Pierogi which is ground beef and potatoes in some sort of fried bread/pastry.She loved them!And the other person got the Milano:Grilled hot italian sausage with grilled onions, roasted peppers, provolone cheese, & a chipotle aioli sauce.All said food was great!If you have a chance to visit this place, do so, it is amazing!
5	We have driven by this place before when shopping at Dana Pt but have always eaten Before we drive by. Today we made it our Destination! We were so pleased!!The atmosphere is calming and such that you'd just love to sit with friends and talk for hours. They even have outdoor seating with cushioned sofas!I tried the Portabello Delight after seeing it delivered to the table next to us. I was having trouble deciding between...ok everything!...but after seeing the presentation on that dish I had to have it.  It's a huge, seemingly grilled portabella mushroom served upside down, delightfully filled with their homemade hummus and then crowned with a triangle of feta cheese. It's served with four toasted sliced of their yummy bread and grilled veggies...asparagas, carrots, tomatoes and string beans. Let me tell you this was Fantastic. My husband had the Milano. The sausage was just perfectly seasoned and the veggies were wonderful. The cheese was nicely melted...and stringie...fun to play with! (Ok not really!) But it showed how fresh it was!It was served with a choice of sides and hubby had some of their slaw. Not too sweet or wet...just fresh.The only bad part about the meal was we didn't have room for a crepe! Guess we have to go back!Our waiter...which I believe was an owner kept checking on us to make sure we were satisfied and fulfilled...was very accommodating while we queried about their homemade mozzarella cheese. He said the chef makes it there every two days. They offer it for sale in their deli case so we bought some to take home.We will definitely go back often!I wish the B'fast menu was listed here...we forgot to look at it before we left!
5	We had lunch here and loved it.  I had the Sudjuk, a spicy beef sausage on a roll with hummus.  Very good.  My son had a kids plate.  The presentation was very nice on the kids plate, and his chicken tenders were very good.  He didn't want them, so I ended up eating them.  There's a small grocery section and we bought some fig preserves imported from France-- hard to find.  We'll probably hit this spot again next weekend.
5	I can't say enough positive things about this place. If you live in the EV, and are tired of Chili's, Applebee's, etc, you owe it to yourself to try Pastis. Although this is my first review, I use Yelp religiously on my iPhone to find great dining, no matter where I am. Try the Madrid sandwich or one of their stuffed burgers. The crepes will hit your waistline, but are some of the best I've had (I've eaten crepes at probably 10 places in Paris)
5	Excellent food and even better service.  These guys are like a hidden gem in Gilbert and I would recommend this place to anyone.
5	Here's a great, affordable place to eat.   The food is VERY good, very fresh and great presentation.  The staff takes pride in their establishment, it's clean and pretty chic looking.  The music was even 'chic', minimal jazzy European techno.To top it off, I had the best turkey sandwich I've ever had there.  It was the Monte Carlo.  As best as I can tell it was quality turkey, lettuce, tomato, balsamic vinaigrette, bacon, a little mayo,and some kind of nuts on some very good bread.  My girlfriend had the Portabella Delight, which was Portabella mushrooms covered with Hummus and Feta Cheese, with some nicely sauteed veges on the side.  Little pieces of toasted bread  on the side drizzled with Olive Oil...  She said, "It was perfect!"For the two of us, we both had satisfying portions with coffee and iced tea and it was just 21 bucks. I will definitely go back to Pastis.
4	A breath of fresh air in a community unduly laden with Applebee's and Chili's. This place is worthy of local support for various reasons.1) It's locally owned and operated.2) Relative to other local offerings it offers something uniuqe.3) The menu is solid.  Each sandwich or dish ordered was tastefully arranged with each ingredient complimenting the other.4) Incredible Crepes.5) Live music on the weekends that actually isn't that bad.Here's to hoping that this place grows and finds a permanent home in the East Valley.
2	This was my second visit. I had a great experience my first time in- very personable waitress, great service overall and a really great sandwich. I ordered the cheese-stuffed tenderloin with their "signature" white sauce. Disappointment. The sauce was yellow (the waitress said it was because of the addition of paprika) but honestly, it tasted like cheese wiz but on the watery side. It did not have a good flavor- very bland. The pork was pretty tough for being a tenderloin and I wished I had a serrated blade with which to saw through it. Not sure what happened today in the kitchen. In the future I will stick with sandwiches. They do that pretty well. And even though I left half of my meal on the plate there was no offer to discount my meal- even by 25%, which would have probably made me happy enough to have not even written this review. Restaurants are a tricky business. You have to be great in the kitchen -or hire someone who is - and have a great business sense- or hire someone who does.
5	great place...food is always fresh, hot, and so so yummy....we order at least once a week for lunch and have been there for dinner...great great addition to a much needed area of town that has slim to none on restaurants worthy of spending your money at anymore...look forward to dining here for a long long time..
3	stoped in for luch today first visit very quaint had the tuna salad lots of fresh vegtable great salad dressing good service.....................
5	Really cozy atmosphere! If you wanna try something new try the cevapi(chevapi), I went to Bosnia this summer and its the best cevapi Ive been able to find around here!! I also love their crepes! If you like to cook like I do you will also love that they have a little market area with food and prducts from Europe.
5	Yesterday Toni and I went to Pasti's Eurogrille and Delicatessen. Not too many grilled items, and the market area gets smaller and smaller for each of our visits.  However, it's still a very pretty restaurant, with a slightly dark but comforting interior.  Thankfully, our frequent  visits are not about the market, or the classy and roomy interior, or even the ruggedly handsome owner of the restaurant Luca. It's about the Food!I guess my lunch was pretty straightforward. I had a Palermo, which is genoa salami, cold smoked pepperoni, ham, provolone cheese, lettuce, tomato & "special sauce" (tasted like a savory vinagrette). It came with a fruit cup. The sandwich was very hearty, the bread rustic, and a simple but satisfying lunch. Part of me was proud of going for healthy in eating the fruit cup, but then the cynical part of me reminded myself I had drank about a gallon of Sprite, which I can only assume is not that healthy. Definitely one of the better sandwiches I've had in the Valley.Toni's lunch on the other hand was spectacular. She had pasta di diavolo, bowtie pasta with spicy italian sausage, fresh basil, crushed hot red peppers and creamy marinara sauce, sprinkled with fresh parmesan reggiano cheese. Wow. That sauce was what made this dish so heavenly. Toni let me finish hers off, but she is pretty light on consuming sauce so when it came to my time to step up to the plate (call my agent but let me assure you I consider my comedy routine an art form and not mere entertainment) I noticed there was a good portion of pure, unadulterated, heavenly sauce. With a frenzied look in my eyes, I spoon up the marinara , consume it feverishly, and eye with resentment the glistening remains of marinara on Toni's fork.Pasti's Eurogrille and Delicatessen really elevates my mood whenever I go. Besides the food, there is a very welcoming atmosphere here. It's the only restaurant we go to where we are encouraged to play Boggle! Luca said its because they want to create a relaxed atmosphere where people want to go to hang out as much as to eat. Mission accomplished.
5	I've been meaning to write this review for a while...I love seeking out those special locally owned places to eat with my boyfriend that we can make our "go to" place when we want to grab a bite.  Pastis has never let us down.  Delicious food, a great selection. The first time we ate there I wanted something light.  I ordered the grilled balsamic portabella and boy oh boy was it really yummy!  I ate every bite and knew we had found one of those places we would be returning to.  The service is great, the owner is a really cool guy and yes he is charming as Phillip R. said.   The atmosphere is very comfortable and classy.  It has that special something about it.  We have recommended it to our friends and they agree with us that Pastis is the place to go when you want delicious food, a comfortable atmosphere and great service.
1	Went to Pastis in January and was terribly disappointed.The service was awful; the waitress could not answer any questions about the menu.  She took our drink order (waters and beer). She brought our water and another couple came in(grand total of 3 couples in the restaurant).  The waitress then proceeded to take their order and spent 15 minutes with them bringing them different samples of beer.  After that she delivered our drinks and finally took our order.When she initially took our drink orders (not our food order)she told us that certain appetizers were 1/2 price.  When we received our bill the appetizers were not 1/2 prize.  When we asked she told us the appetizers had to be ordered befor 7pm and we didn't order until after 7pm.  Of course we didn't order before 7 pm as she had spent 15/20 minutes with the other couple letting them sample beer while we waited to place our order.The food was barely passable.  I asked the cook/chef LOL about the crab cakes and he assured me that everyone loved them and they were made in house.  Turns out the crab cakes were the 2nd worse I have ever had.  Either they were terribly made or they came out of a box frozen.Also found out almost all the desserts other than the crepes are not made at the restaurant but are bought from somewhere else. As bad as the crepes were, they probably should have been bought somewhere else too.
4	The food here is really good! We sat outside on the patio. I liked the set up and the server was very friendly. We ordered our cocktails and took our time ordering. The waitress was very accommodating and not at all pushy. We decided to order two sandwiches and split them. The first was the Athena (hot pastrami) Rye bread with marinated slaw, melted Swiss cheese & French mustard. The other was the Madrid (prosciutto & Turkey) Multi grain bread, sweet mixed greens, basil pesto aioli, tomato & homemade mozzarella. We ordered fries with one and slaw with the other. The Athena was really good, it was kind of spicy and I really liked that. The fries were homemade and had a sprinkling of cheese on them. The Madrid was really good as well. The slaw however, had a lot to be desired. It was soupy and nothing special. This is a great place to have a relaxing lunch and just enjoy the great weather. (Hurry before it gets too hot!)
2	we went here tonight for dinner, and i thought it had a lot of promise.  i wasn't really hungry so i ordered off the kids menu.  they charge you 2$ more and apparently give you more food.i ordered the mac and cheese.  when i got it, it looked like cheese soup with some noodles in it.  it tasted very bland and like they had used american cheese.  i guess i was just expecting something on the kids menu to be a smaller portion of adult food as it is as most other places.my family had a burger and pastrami sandwhiches.  the burger was pretty bland.  the sandwhiches were described as 'juicy', which was another way of saying soggy.  the fries had zero crunch, and about equal amounts of flavor.perhaps the only good things were the coleslaw, which had a bit of apple in it, and a tiny sample of their soup of the day that i got.  it was cream of spinach which i didn't think would be good, but was actually quite delicious.  i wish i would have gotten that instead.i think the only reason i would go back is to try their crepes.  i'm always a sucker for nutella and strawberries.
4	Just had lunch with the girls at Pastis. Sandwhiches were delish, dessert was better. Being that it's 72 and sunny in the Valley, we chose the patio, and it was just beautiful. Can't wait to go back!
3	I am really really trying to like this place.The crepes are fantasticThe french Fries are very goodThe sandwiches are great, but this brings me to my first complaint.You cannot get them after 4pm on Friday and Saturdays. This is a Major problem for me, because thats when all my friends want to go to happy hour there, and it is a shame because that is the only thing I have found there that is worth the asking price (other than the crepes.)I know it sounds like something small, but for me it is nearly a deal breaker. I ordered the steak once (16-17 bucks) and to be honest it was disgusting. It was way overly fatty, and the marinade was way too strong. I nearly sent it back.  one of the other people in my party also ordered it, and said he had better steak at a waffle house, and that is something coming from him, he is an accomplished eater haha.I ordered the Stuffed burger once, and it was also not that great, and overpriced. The redeeming feature was the fries. I could not persuade myself to eat the whole burger, it just tasted off, and had something that was crunchy in it, it was weird.The crepes, fries, and sandwiches are great, and the service is always really good, and so is the environment.  If they ditched the after 4pm thing on the sandwiches,  I would eat there once a week, instead of once a month.
4	I went to Pastis for dinner tonight and wasn't disappointed. Being a vegetarian I am never sure what choices I will have when I go someplace new. This menu had quite a few choices. I ordered the portabello burger, which came with homemade fries. Normally I don't eat fries but these were so good I easily ate half the serving. The burger was also very good and very filling. My waitress was friendly and attentive. My water glass was never more than half empty. And she was very accommodating when I asked if I could replace the mayo-type sauce with hummus. I highly recommend Pastis for dinner. I want to try going for lunch next time. They have some lunchtime-only sandwiches that sounded delicious. I also want to mention that the music was excellent - courtesy of Putumayo. It complimented the restaurant's casual European ambiance.
4	Sandwiches are amazing
1	Yesterday a girlfriend and I popped in for a late lunch...We were trying to decide where to meet up and I found this place on Yelp, so we decided to give it a shot.  It's an okay looking place-not fancy or trendy by any means, just a small mom and pop looking place.  Which I don't mind as long as the food is good.  We ordered the hummus which was a good portion and comes with spongy, semi toasted bland bread.  it's a very light hummus, lacks in flavor a little bit, but that I didn't mind so much because that's the bad thing when eating a great hummus...you walk out smelling like...well, HUMMUS dragon breath lol.   My friend had the chicken caesar salad (which was huge) and she didn't really say much other than the dressing was really oily, so I can assume it wasn't all that great.  I had the turkey, bacon, avocado sandwich.  I cook a ton, and make a pretty mean sandwich, so this sandwich was nothing special.  It was like something you would pick up from a gas station.  Cold, non toasted submarine bun straight out of a bag.  Crumbled beyond recognition, old tasting bacon stuck to the the top of bun with mayo from the jar, a piece of lettuce, tomato, and some middle grade deli turkey. The avocado was the  only decent thing on it. Came with coleslaw or fries, and I'm trying to limit my fried foods, so I opted for the coleslaw.  It was peppery, and not my favorite at all.  KFC has better coleslaw!  If you want a good sandwich-just go anywhere else but here!At least this place had a full bar and we made up for it with great company/conversation, as well as a few martinis (which were just so-so) my girlfriend had to add sugar to her lemon drop.  The bartender didn't quite have her acid to alcohol ratio quite right.  I don't know about the other things on the menu, but I sure as hell don't want to find out!
2	The seating at the bar is nice when the weather permits. Food is OK. Everything is the San Tan Village area is "chain food", so a somewhat decent place amongst the others. Staff is not very friendly at the bar. Unfortunately not a lot of choices in the area, having a patio makes this place a better option than many of the others.
5	Since my visit to Paris over a year ago, I have been hesitant to have my way with a(n American) crepe. One afternoon with the food network changed my mind. A quick call to the husband and a colorful pep talk in the car, we decided to give Pastis a try. The first thing I noticed was the owner! Everything my fellow yelpers have said (and moaned) was true! Quite the stallion! Service was awesome. Friendly. Not overbearing. Cocktails were fruity and fun. The food was yummy but completely wiped from memory once the nutella and banana crepe (under $6) hit the table. Poor hubs barely got a nibble. We're heading down for happy hour this week! Seems like a deal!
1	I felt let down by my fellow Yelpers tonight.  After reading smashing reviews, my hubbie and I tried out Pastis for ourselves.  We ordered the hummus.  It was so bland, we started referring to it as "chickpea paste."  If it wasn't for the block of salty cheese embedded in the middle, it would have been inedible.  Plus, on the website's menu, Saturday from 4-7 is happy hour and the hummus is supposed to be $4.  We were charged the regular price of $6 at 5:50 on a Saturday night.  (http://www.pastisaz.com/happyhour/)I had a Barcelona sandwich.  I'm a vegetarian, and there weren't a lot of options on the menu for me.  I'm also allergic to avocados, and without the avocado on this sandwich, it's nothing special.  I thought that they would have beefed it up a little to make up for the lack of avocado, but a skinny sandwich did it make.  And the bread was yucky.  The fries were good though.Hubbie's dinner was the Pasta di Diavolo which he thought was just okay, and definitely not worth the sixteen bucks they charged for the bowl of pasta (and nothing else to go along with the bowl of pasta).  His comment?  "It was a little better than Fazoli's."  The service was decent.  It wasn't fantastic.  One thing that still bugs me is that I have no idea how to pronounce the name of the establishment. When we walked in, they didn't say "Welcome to Pastis!"  It's not like there were ten other people in the place either.  To sum it up, we would definitely not recommend this place to any of our friends, and we will not be returning.  Wasted forty bucks.
4	Although still pretty good, the dinners we've had here that were sublime have downgraded to satisfactory.  This might be why after trying to stop by last night that Pasti's is now closed.  It was a nice run, and I'll miss them.
4	Had a great sandwich to go here one night...but its closed now.
5	Good bye Pastis, we'll miss you...
2	I've had lunch here and diner both times were very disappointed. Service was lacking in the FOOD just not taste good.
