4	Casual atmosphere and great food. What more could you ask for on a weeknight in Uptown? The crowd here is laid back and unpretentious, and the servers here are friendly and welcoming. The menu offers a great selection, from traditional items like wings and wraps, and even pizza. Dare I say it: this may be the best pizza I've had in Charlotte so far! Level with me here - it's not phenomenal, and it's no NY slice, but it's pretty good for Charlotte! I had the spinach and sun dried tomato small pie. It's not crispy, but it's doughy and yummy - I'll take it. We also had the honey chipolte wings which were spicy and delicious. Only minor issue here was that our server, who was the bartender, kept forgetting to put our wings in and it took us forever to get them. But he was so cool and funny that we didn't really care much, and it actually became funny after a while even though we were starving. Picasso's is large in size and as I mentioned, draws a great crowd. We were here on a Tuesday night and it was packed. There is a big leather couch right in the middle of it to lounge on and you are surrounded by TV's no matter where you sit. Head on over for some great food and relaxation!
4	Went here before watching the Carolina Panthers.  We had the wings Honey Chipolte BBQ and traditional Buffalo wings, the wings were very big and the sauces were excellent.  The buffalo sauce used here seems to have less vinegar but it was still good.  We also ordered some cheese breadsticks which came out very good.  The two negatives, if going here during game day it gets very crowded, want to come in around 10:30am.  Second negative but not their fault is they do not serve Beer until 12:00 noon, which means you will have less than hour to get your fill before going to the 1:00pm games
4	Stopped here for lunch today on a whim. I've been here only once before and it was at night and too much of a just-out-of-college scene for me so I really had no desire to go again. But after looking for a warm meal on a chilly deal, I was willing to give it another shot. They have a huge selection of salads and burgers plus they have a lunch special of the day for $6.99 which comes with a side of your choice. Luckily, the special today was a fried chicken sandwich topped with bacon and cheese which was perfect for my fatty, greasing craving I had. We had quick, attentive service but the thing that stood out to me the most was the inside. Hello Batcave! It was so dark in there that and after a hefty portion of food all I wanted to do was huddle up under one of the tables and take a nappy nap. In and out in less than 45 minutes--I'll definitely be going back!
2	Stick with the pizza and wings. Though I haven't had either, I did order a buffalo chicken sandwich last night that was missing all the requirements of a buffalo chicken sandwich. The chicken breast was grilled and a dab of buffalo sauce was added to the bun as if it were ketchup on a burger. As a grilled chicken sandwich it was ok, but not what I was expecting for a buffalo chicken sandwich. Every time a serve passed with someone else's order of buffalo wings I felt a bit cheated.
4	Good food, good late night, full of Philly Phans!!  What a great place to find  tucked away in the city.  Naturally, I ordered the Philly sub to give it the ol' test.  It passed!  The key is the roll and their roll was nice and fresh.  If you are full of food/beer and want something else to do.. Stroll over to the shuffle board table and give it a spin while you watch the games.  They even have friendly poker games once a week that you can simply just show up and play.  The whole staff is friendly and dont mind striking up a conversation with you.  The only negative side is that the place just isnt that clean.  But if you dont expect the Ritz ahead of time and know just where you are going.  Then you should be fine.  Enjoy!-Ian M.
4	Since I eat here fairly often (mostly for lunch), I think it's time to do a quick review.I think that Picasso's has the best chicken wings in Charlotte.  Good variety of flavors (17 at last count), meaty, always well prepared (and can do extra crispy if you want...)! I go for the Honey Chipolte myself, but the pineapple kickers and carribean creepers also get very good marks with me!!The staff here is very attentive and I've almost always had good service.  There was this one time... but hey, it was a new waitress..., so they get a break!Great place to watch a game, or several as there are screens all around!Now, in my opinion, although the place isn't what you'd call plush, it has always been clean as far as I could tell.Plenty of seating, great for a group!
4	Well hello friends!!I've been here a few times before. So, now I'll write a review.Well today "Grumbles" (my stomach) wanted something different than the norm on this bright sunshiny day! After going back and forth with Grumbles I gave in and was just along for the ride. In comes PICASSO'S. I used to go to the East Blvd location all the time and loved the Pepperoni Rolls - so we (me and Grumbles) placed a carry out order of: Pepperoni Rolls $6.99 (see pix)Honey Chipolte - $8.25 (see pix)We really enjoyed everything but noticed the pepperoni rolls seemed to be lacking in the pepperoni department- how ironic!!. The other location used to STUFF em w/ Pepperoni, this location looks as if they laid 11 pepperoni in line, placed some cheese on it, rolled it and baked it. Maybe it was a bad day, then again....MAYBE NOT!. I wont let that stop me from going back again. The wings were pretty good. Thanks for the wing recommendation (Clint L.).Cheers
4	Best bar to pregame for Panthers games...Now that I officially have season ticks to the Panthers, and have been to every game during the 2012 season, I finally feel qualified to comment on the bar scene around Bank of America Stadium on game days.  I like Picasso's Uptown because it is well within walking distance from the stadium - no more than 5 min.  They also have their own lot, just to left of the building.  The atmosphere is always lively and they have an abundance of HD screens draped throughout.    Once inside Picasso's on a Sunday afternoons, you are greeted by a crowd of patrons boozing, eating, carousing and of course, football watching.As far as the food is concerned, I like the bacon cheese fries as well as the wings.  The wings are always well cooked, crisp and well-sauced.  I definitely recommend them if you are a wing lover.  The Ace of Clubs is an excellent sandwich as well.  In addition to having exceptional bar food, P3 (as the regulars call it) also has reasonably priced, cold beer, and other spirits.  Whenever I'm asked about a good spot to go to for football before, during or after Panthers games, Picasso's Uptown is always my answer.
5	I travel quite a bit for work, and I really like finding a place I feel is worthy of becoming my "local" hangout.  Picasso's is it for me.  Almost every Monday night, wing special...and the wings are probably my favorite, ever.  I love to get the salt-n-pepper wings and dip them myself...keeps the crunch.  Staff is awesome too!!
4	Home of the Huskers... of course I am a big fan :)But in all seriousness, Picasso's has some of the best food when it comes to sports bars. The wings are just fantastic. They also have killer pizza rolls that come in a whole mess of flavors. Anything from your standard pepperoni to Philly cheesesteak. I have had each variety and they are all equally delicious. They also have great drink specials throughout the week.Picasso's is just a short walk from Bank of America Stadium. It's a great place for pre and post game drinks and eats. It's not the fanciest place by any means, but the atmosphere is always fun and full of excitement.There are some great people that work here. I have been coming here for years to watch Nebraska games. They always take such good care of us. All super nice. I have never had a bad experience when it comes to the staff.A new bonus for this location is the Romare Bearden Park that just opened across the street. It's absolutely gorgeous. The new Knights stadium will also open near here in the Spring. Make sure that you pay the box if you park in the lot next to the building, or any of the lots around if for that matter. The parking peeps will boot and tow.
5	As a visitor from Maine, Picasso's really shouldn't stand out enough to warrant a yelp review. It's caters to Nebraska football fans, which makes absolutely no sense considering my Maine house is 300 miles closer than the football stadium. The decorations are kitschy. The beer list is ok. Prices are normal but not exceptionally cheap or expensive. In most ways it's just like any other average sports bar in America. So why 5 stars?First, the food. Specifically the wings. Best I've ever had. Extra crispy, with hot sauce (far better than the "hotter" Lucifer's Own) is about as good as it gets for wings. Anywhere. The pizza rolls, which I believe all three dozen red-clad Nebraska fans ordered, were nearly as delicious. The service was impeccable. Flawless. And overall the place just has a kind of energy. It's an example of the parts not equaling the sum.I'll be back in Charlotte in spring and will insist on coming here. If they can ship terrible frozen pizza to Picasso's from Lincoln to appease those Nebraska fans, can they please ship some wings to the deprived northeast?
5	Some of the best wings I have ever had in my life come from here. They are always great, good size and the flavors they offer make them good as well. A win win situation. The servers are always friendly, cute and know what they are doing. They have a wide range of televisions and games so there is never a dull moment inside. The location is great, not being in the direct center city makes it not too crazy which is what I like. Unless you find a great parking spot, be prepared to have a nice walk, especially after a few drinks.
5	Visited here back in November with 6 friends of mine.  Free pool table and shuffleboard was a plus but what made it truly enjoyable was the amount of tvs and the staff.  Everyone was friendly and didn't mind us getting loud.  Good drink specials and above decent food makes this a great time.  If we ever come back to Charlotte, we'll most likely be found here causing a scene.
5	Went to Picasso's around midnight on friday after arriving in town. It was a long drive so I went to have a few drinks  and grab some takeout for a late dinner. As I arrived, the security guard reached out and I raised my hands because I thought they were going to frisk me before entering. It turned out that he was just a friendly guy and was shaking my hand as I walked in. I go on and have a couple of drinks while waiting for my takeout order. The bartenders were attentive and quick which I enjjoyed after being on the road all evening. My order arrived, I settled the bill and went back to my hotel. When I got back and started munching on my delicious wings, I realized I left my phone. Now I'm in panic mode. I had my wife try calling them while I took off back to the bar. As I'm walking in the door, the bartender holds my phone in the air to my relief. Hell, since I'm already there I may as well have another drink and a beer. The bartenders (Mike and Ken i think) were terrific. They told me that they actually tried to track me down in the parking lot when I left the first time but I was already gone.Friendly security guard, great bartenders and good food. That's a winning combination. Also, plenty of tv's for sport lovers and they were having karaoke night while I there.
2	Awesome environment. Bathroom smells like absolute piss. Would have rated this place a 5 otherwise.
4	Atmosphere here it is very average, pretty much what you'd expect from a sports bar. The service is friendly and the prices are very good for the Uptown area. The thing that makes this place great is the food and they almost always get your order right even when it is customized:. Their ranch dressing is the best in town and the wing sauce is great also. The blackened chicken has the perfect amount of seasoning, also try the pizza and cheese bread but make sure you ask for it well done. The place could be a little cleaner but again it is a sports bar atmosphere, not upscale or even middle scale.
1	if I could give this negative stars I would... aside from the grown man that was sitting against the front door entrance that not only had he thrown up all over the entrance outside but  also himself.. if tangs not enough to tie. you off the place was disgustingly dirty.. to save time and effort il give one huge example of how dirty this place was by saying that if our shoes had not been tied to our feet; we would have stepped right out of them.. that's how sticky and filthy just the floor alone was.. I understand this is a bar but there was no one in there so I just can't figure out why it wasn't a little cleaner. all the waffle houses I've been to we're far more sanitary than this place; and that's saying a lot..
2	I a bit confused with the rating here... I can see why it got some good reviews as well.  It's super convenient to downtown but I found it a little lacking.  Let me preface that it was a Thursday... and I wanted to grab lunch with a friend at an "off peak" lunch time... towards 1pm.  We walked in and we were told we could sit wherever we wanted, the place wasn't really that busy.  Couple people playing pool and some (maybe 3) other tables had some people sitting down.Server was friendly but very rushed... must have been either recovering from the lunch rush or just multi-tasking, but he definitely did his job in getting our order in.Not sure why it took very long for our sandwiches to come out of the kitchen... maybe short staffed that day?  or something else, but I wasn't too thrilled with the quality of my sandwich and fries.  Not that the food was in-edible, but just a little sloppy.  Not something I would have expected for the price they were asking for.I may try them again, but I wasn't too thrilled during lunch.  Maybe their speciality is during games and evening....
