2	I would rate all the rentals at sky Harbor Aiport the same way.  You have to wait for a bus outside the terminal (20 Min) and then go off site to the rental place and figure out where to go get your car.  Mine was about 2 hundred yards from the Avis Preferred office. I saw my name on the board and found that I had to walk to the general lot not the preferred, why do I have this service? I found that I had a two door coupe, I have four door only in my profile, since I usually have clients in the car for lunch/dinner.  So I walked all the way back (another 25 min in the rental facility) to stand in line to get another car.  The staff was nice but it was their fault I was in a bad mood.Oh, I forgot to mention that our VP, Joe Bidden ( What does he do?) was in the airport so the Rental bus had to stop while he was in the airport. This was another 20 minutes!Conclusion - the business traveler who rents   I like the airports that you get off the plane follow the signs and get in your car and go!
1	It is very difficult to understand why there's a wait of 30 minutes at 11:30am at the Avis counter. And once i get the car and I get to the garage and there's a person there, it turns out they've triple booked the car and I have to go back to the counter and now they are struggling in finding any car. The result, an hour 15 minutes to get the car, late to meetings, not the type of car I had booked, etc. I always rent Hertz but today they were sold out. I've given a try at Avis but it will be the only one
2	I'm with Alex on this one - Why is the line to rent a car so dang slow?  If you have a lot of reservations set up for that day, why wouldn't you schedule more workers?  There were all of 4 when I arrived and the line was easily a dozen folks.  And the line was painfully slow.  I know it's a process & takes time, but good grief, I think I skipped over a birthday or holiday or something while I stood there waiting.  Not a great way to start the experience, I'm afraid.On the bright side (which is why there is a 2nd star up there), the guy who tended to me was awesome.  He found an extra discount for us and made sure we had one of the newer vehicles.  He was in a great mood & joked around, but was still efficient.  Once he got my information, we were done quickly & on our way.  No delays there!  The vehicle we had was nearly new & very well taken care of, thankfully.  It got pretty good gas mileage and was comfortable for us and the mass amounts of baggage we brought along.  Thumbs up on that portion.Sadly, the return service sucked majorly.  While there are signs on where to go to return your car, once you're there, it's not marked very well.  We pulled up & no one was around, so I parked in a spot instead hoping to go find an attendant.  Once we did find one, he was dealing with people who got there after us and then got irritated that I had parked in a spot that was all of 5 feet away from where he wanted me to be.  Sorry for the trouble there, ace.  Maybe you should pay attention when someone drives up instead of hiding out & waiting for us to have to come look for you.  Ugh.Honestly, I'm not sure I'd come back to Avis since there are 10 other rental places in the same building.  Might have to try another company next time.
1	UGH Avoid, Avoid.I unfortunately had the person in training.  Look for the sign on the counter indicating that the person is in training and say "no thank you".  They work on their own, and have to stop and wait for the person training them to finish helping customers.  I was easily there for 30-45 minutes.  Then, my navigation system didn't work.  I complained when I returned and they said it happens ALL THE TIME.  What the heck.  Get new Navs.You get the point, don't come here :)
4	I've had a totally different experience than everyone else it seems.  I rent cars weekly, some times a couple each week depending on my work travels.  Being a preferred member might have something to do with it, but my car is always ready and available when I arrive.  Almost every time I have been upgraded!  I definitely encourage anyone to join their "club:" and get a wizard number this will allow you to have a car waiting for you when you arrive= no more lines!!  As a business traveler who spends WAY to much time in airports and such, its nice to get to the rental car center and be able just to walk directly to my car!  I've never used their navigation system so I can't vouch for that, but in my opinion they are much MUCH quicker than some of the other "prise" alternatives available!
1	I wish I Could give this Avis negative stars!  Terrible service, didn't get the car I made a reservation for, rude staff.  Not only that, they gave me an explorer with over 30,000 miles on it, breaks that grinded to the point I felt unsafe, and the car was terribly dirty inside.  The worst of all though, sitting in the cup holder was a BULLET CASING!  When I returned the car and let Avis staff know, they just laughed.  They also tried to charge me for the rate of the explorer which was double the price of what I had booked.  They acted like they were doing me a favor by giving me the rate on my reservation.  Avoid Avis, Hertz is a million times better.
3	The best time to go is @ night if you're able. We had a pick up @10:30pm and was able to pick an suv out of three different models. Customer service wasn't too bad either. There were two other workers and the guy helping us was able to help with any questions we had.
5	Ok  let me break down why Avis ended up getting 5 stars instead of one; EXCELLENT CUSTOMER SERVICE.  My parents and I arrived at 10:30pm, went to the counter (no line) with my reservation and were told it could not be honored because I was under 25 and the promotion code used (by their representative) didn't waive the $27 a day additional fee. Upset of course, as I had made sure to mention this over the phone to the representative at the beginning of the conversation for my reservation, I asked if the fee could be waived? No. "I wish there was something I could do for you." With no other option, we had to change the reservation to my father (74 yrs old). We got a Ford Focus and I went to the hotel, ready to give them a 1 star rating...The next morning, I called Avis to see if I could speak to someone to honor my reservation. After hearing what happened, someone transferred me to a man named Cliff; what a BLESSING. After hearing what happened, not ONLY did he honor the reservation and not charge me the additional $27 fee per day (6 days), he also upgraded our car from a Ford Focus to a Mazda 6. He singlehandedly changed my mind about Avis and  made my experience with Avis a positive one and a 5 star one at that!No hassles with the car, everything went smoothly. Checking the car back into the airport was less than 2-3 minutes. No additional chagrges.Thank you Cliff for making my first car rental experience a good one! He has been there for 20 years and there is a reason for it!
3	Received exceptional service from the man yesterday around 11:00pm. He is from Ohio..and REALLY patient. My coworker thought he lost his ID for a good 5 minutes and was combing over his luggage looking for it. We finally found it..ANYHOO..3 stars because if you book an economy car, they will give you a smart car. no friggin joke. it is a itsy bitsy teeny weeny car..that can't first 3 ppl.The car we ended up with is pretty beaten up..interior was clean enough..but definitely in bad condition in comparison to other rental agencies I've been to.Overall, I'd probably come here again..but definitely not my favorite car rental spot!
4	As a business traveler who is in and out of many airports and car rental facilities I can say that maybe I do travel way too much, but I do enjoy it. Having always used AVIS I am a long time Preferred member and have never had the problems I read about in many reviews on Yelp. Lucky so far I guess.I must have had a total opposite experience from most everyone here recently. We arrived late last night and at about 11PM I walked up and saw my name on the board listing the spot my car was in. As I wanted to add a GPS system to my rental I was told to do that at the Preferred office down in the garage where my car was. The guy behind the counter there was friendly and helpful. Got my GPS and he amended my rental contract quickly. We were in and out of there in just a few minutes.The only negative about this rental facility which is the main one for the airport is that it is about a 20 minute ride by shuttle bus so you do need to plan accordingly if pressed for time. Otherwise, facility itself is clean and well lit and houses pretty much all the main car rental companies.
4	Getting to the place is a one-star experience, hands down.  The signage sucks, and in the dark in construction, it only makes it worse.  GPS can't even save you from this BS.  Arriving to the "Car Rental Center"  was a relief.  Getting to Avis was the second maze.Pickup was easy, my car doors open and ready to go- check out was a cinch.  My car was a literal copy of my car I drive at home, even had the bigger engine- that was huge, being my first time driving in PHX, it helped me stayed comfortable.Dropoff was easy as well, except a pain in the ass taking your luggage up a 4 story whatever the hell you call it.  They say don't take your luggage up the escalator- then give us an elevator that works!No issues with the staff at all, one of the easier times dealing with them.Please be safe when returning your car, that's all I can say....
1	Never ever rent from Avis. This place had $609 of hidden fees that they not only refused to refund but were the most disrespectful and insulting customer service reps I have ever had the misfortune of meeting. Please just use someone else. I have e-mailed their customer service and will change my review if they manage to fix it and if the manager that insulted me manages to personally apologize to my satisfaction.
1	Unbelievable. We stood here waiting for 20 minutes to get to the counter. While at the counter it took yet another 30 minutes before we were given a rental car that we had already paid for and confirmed on line. I cannot understand how this Avis rental car inside the airport is still in business. It must only be in business because people coming from another location have never rented from Avis rental car before.
4	I did not have any issues with Avis at PHX. When I entered the facility, as a Preferred Customer my name appeared on the board with the location in which my vehicle was located with the rental agreement inside. With that, just proceed to the exit. Returning the conveyance was easy. Following I-10 back to the airport, I though the signage directing to the rental car return was adequate. At arrival an attendant was standing by to receive the car upon return. The miles were check, I was given my receipt and it was done!
1	This is not about the Phoenix location but Avis in general...While traveling from Phoenix to Sedona we had a flat tire in our rental. This was Sunday, July 15th, late afternoon. We needed a drivable car first thing Monday morning. I called the number on the paperwork and spoke with Ryan. He said he would work on getting a car to our hotel in Sedona and call back in 5 minutes. We waited in 100+ degrees temperatures in the sun. We then procedded to walk up a hill to the visitors' center of the Nat'l Park Service. I called and talked with Nathan. Same thing, he would help me. Nathan was able to find our rental information by name as I'd inadvertently left the paperwork back in the car. Nathan said will call back. Waited and no call back from either. I called and talked with Floyd. He started to take the info but had the wrong Robert Kerr. He needed the reservation number (back down the hill in the sun and heat). I mentioned Nathan was able to locate the account and his response was: "Well good for Nathan." I asked him to check another Robert Kerr and he said there were too many and he could not help without the reservation number. I asked for a supervisor and was put on hold for 10+ minutes. Concerned that with the previous attitude difficulties that I was being ignored with no hopes of being able to reach a supervisor and a cell phone with a low battery + sketchy cell phone coverage. I called and got Ryan who was helpful. He pulled up the account right away without the reservation number. I asked how many Robert Kerrs there were and he said three. I asked if there were any notes on the account and he said yes with the last being Floyd's (who couldn't be bothered looking up three accounts. Ryan resolved the problem and we received a replacement car that evening. We used AAA to change to the spare as Avis could not find our location.
4	After a horrific experience trying to save a few bucks renting at Payless (1 star), I huffed over to Avis (no line) and was treated exponentially better. Plus, the guy behind the counter (forgot his name; I think it was Mike or John-- guy about 55-60 years old) upgraded me to a Prius at no extra charge. I was expecting Avis to be way more expensive than Payless, but it wasn't at all. I felt like I got a really good deal-- a spanking-new Prius for 2 days with insurance for $113. The only thing I didn't like was that they're really inflexible about return times-- more than an hour late and you'll get charged for an additional day. When I book cars online, that is not the case. Still, I was very satisfied overall. Avis really does try harder.
4	Recently switched from Enterprise to Avis since my company corporate rate changed to Avis. Overall, positive experience.Pros:- Very kind people at the door- Great corporate rates - got mine for below $20/day- With Preferred, you walk to your car and can just grab it quickly- Super easy to return less than 75 miles and just pay $12.99 without having to fill itCons:- They try to sell you on insurance (if you have your own insurance, you don't need it. If you have an AMEX card, AMEX covers insurance already! Liability is covered by your car insurance) - Insurance will cost MORE than the car rental- Was given the wrong quotation at first at $40/day - don't think it was intentional, but still if I weren't careful I would have paid over 200% premiumOverall, I was pretty high status at Enterprise, but I am switching to Avis for their Perks. I will stick with Avis. Thanks!
1	After renting a car for $12.99 per day for 3 days--our actual bill ended up being $307 (after adding taxes, GPS, and a TON of taxes).  As if this wasn't a joke, the fact that the GPS auto locked, requiring a PIN number when we were in a precarious place where the GPS was the most critical, only made it worse.  Because of our need to call the call center 6 times to figure it out...(pins kept not working)...we were 2 hours late in returning the car.  As a result the bill was increased by $100 more!  When we went to talk to the manager to discuss, the associate--was extremely informal--and after we stated we wanted to pay no more than what we initially agreed to pay--he called his supervisor and said "we weren't buying his explanation, and we wanted to pay the original amount".  Unprofessional, and a mess.  Plus the taxes from the city are outrageous, making it not worth renting a car at all.Based on other reviews, my challenges are not rare.  Seems like Avis needs to work a little harder.
1	To whom it may concern.   I Paul Davis reserved a vehicle from Avis Car Rental on December 5, 2012. I had rented a Full size car- group E from the Avis Rent Car location at 1805 E Sky Harbor Circle South, Phoenix, AZ 85034. Upon my arrival at Phoenix Sky Harbor Airport, I proceeded to Avis Rental to pick up my rental car, which was reserved. At the counter a representative for Avis named, Deshawn, assisted me. I requested a vehicle that had a back seat that folded down, something similar to a Chrysler 300 so all of our luggage would fit. At the time the Agent stated that they did not have anything like that available, he stated that I would need and upgrade in vehicles. I asked how much that charge would be. The agent then stated to my guest and myself that he would waive the upgrade charge. The agent reassured us there would not be an upgrade charge. Upon returning the vehicle rented on December 31, 2012, I received a bill for @ $380.00, I stated to the agent at the return that It was stated by the original agent that I would not be charged for the upgrade. I was then directed to the upstairs supervisor who stated that he could not change the bill that the original agent would have to change the bill. During this conversation the representative that rented me the vehicle (Deshawn) came into the rental facility and preceded to call my Guest and myself liars, he was very loud and very abusive with his language. My guest and I were very embarrassed at this time. I had requested that the representative stop calling my guest and myself liars. We closed out the transaction in order to catch our flight back home. This was very embarrassing for my guest and myself to encounter this kind of treatment. I will NEVER rent a vehicle from Avis Rental Company and request that none of my customers or friends due the same. I am requesting to have all charges reversed on my credit card totaling $386.44, I would also like a full apology from the Representative Deshawn and the Supervisor who humiliated me and my guest for their lack of customer service.
3	Avis has one of the larger rental counters at the Sky Harbor rental car location. The employees seemed to get people in and out as quickly as possible. We prepaid our rental, but the employee tried to up-sale a higher end car. I didn't really appreciate it because his sales pitch was deceiving. He made it sound as if they had extra cars that we could just pick. However, once we said that would be cool, he then started talking about how much it would cost. Ugh, no thanks. We finally went to the lot and found the car. The car itself was definitely a rental. It was a Dodge Avenger and all of the seats were stained with who knows what and there were scrapes and dents from previous renters' luggage, I'm sure. The car ran fine, but I'm the type that finds renting fun because you get a nice, new car; this was not the case.Other than a few disappointments, renting was easy. Dropping off the car was even simpler. There wasn't an attendant to check you in or print off a receipt.
5	I use Avis about once a month from this location.  I use the Avis Preferred so I rarely interact with employees (i go right to my car on arrival and drop it off at same location...often without talking to a single employee).  IN the past when I did interact with employees, I had nothing but positive things to say.  If mistakes were made, they quickly corrected and often upgraded me.  My hope is that other Avis locations follow the example of this one.  Good job Avis of PHX!
1	Crazy ass long lines and three people working. Rent from another company.I travel fairly often for work - and vacation - and I've never understood how rental car companies staff for their customers. They have to know the reservations they have on any given day. And to not have the proper staffing to move people through in a reasonable manner just befuddles me. Hence, my one star rating of this particular Avis. I was in kind of a hurry to get my car and hit the road and all that stood in front of me were about 10 customers and three people to take care of them. And each transaction took crazy long while people declined coverage, said no to upgrades and the counter people had to call searching for the appropriate car. So don't use Avis in PHX. The Avis at Philadelphia Airport, however, is awesome.
2	I rent from Avis once a week for work trips. For the most part I have good experiences with the rentals. I use the preferred service and I have presidents club status. I accidentally took the car in the space next to the one I was assigned which was a vw jetta. When I went to drive out the attendant said I would need to return the car for the assigned vehicle which was a ford fusion. I asked since the cars were the same class - intermediate- could I just keep this one. He told me no I had to return and exchange the cars. It was a hassle and inconvenience. When I got the assigned car it was dirty and smelled like smoke. Take a look at the seats in this car.
4	I use Avis all the time and I like to be a preferred customer: no lines, easy check out of the car, etc. But returning the car here? Didn't like it. No one is there when you drop it off and the receipt it's send via e-mail. I was like what? Leave the keys and the GPS and car unlocked? They better don't bill me any surprises.
3	I liked the car that I received. Slow, slow, slow. Relentless upselling. Is there a rental car company that isn't a shameless upseller?
2	I rented a luxury car from avis for about a week in July. The car itself was fine and returning it was easy. I give Avis 2 stars in the way the extra insurance/gas options were presented to me. The woman who handled the reservation just stated "comprehensive coverage" and expected an answer from me and did not delve into cost/what it entailed. Anyone who does not have experience renting a car would say yes and not know they agreed to pay 40+dollars/day extra!!!! This is inexcusable.  When I declined the insurance she told me my own policy probably wouldn't cover the car as it was worth more than what I drove. I took the comment/piece of advice to be offensive as she made an assumption on what I drove.
2	I always rent with Avis, am an Avis preferred member, but never felt the need to ever write a review, cos most of the time it is what you expect it to be, never positive, never negative.This time I arrived late, almost midnight at PHX and had a Nissan Rogue waiting for me, looks like the previous guy took it for a good spin, the windshield was not cleaned, had wiper marks on it and the rear view mirror was dirty, the seats had not be vacuumed, looks like they literally got the car and moved it to be rented out.Bad experience Avis.
1	Be very careful,  they don't  listen to what you say when you decline coverage. Check EVERYTHING  before  you sign it, as they will slip it in even if you told them that you do not want it. The car was nice, but needed washing.
1	This company was picked for me by my employer and the car has already been paid for.  I stood in the prepaid line for a bout 10 minutes before someone said I had to switch to another line. The service is extremely slow  and they have nearly 10 kiosks with only 3 people working yet others employees are walking around not helping while this line continues to grow. I will not use them for my personal ventures when I come back.
3	From a business traveler perspective, I have nothing bad to say about this Avis at the Phoenix Airport.  As others have indicated in their reviews, it is worth becoming Avis Preferred so you can have a car ready and assigned to you when you arrived.  My party got off the shuttle, walked to the board to see where our car was, found the car and checked out when we left the lot.  Piece of cake and only took a couple minutes.
4	No problems here! This is the second company we try in this lobby full of car rental companies. Avis is just a 10 to 15 minute bus ride from the Phoenix airports via car rental shuttle. Signs in the airport are clearly marked to reach the shuttle area :-)Due to the busy holidays they didn't have any economy-sized cars left so we had to go with a CRV type vehicle. The car was nice and clean and well maintained considering it had almost 18,000 miles. Check out was pretty painless too. I rated this 4 and not 5 stars just because of the steep price. We only rented this car for about 5 hours and the price is just too steep considering how long we rented.Sometimes the shuttle back to the terminal can take a few minutes so be sure to plan accordingly. Also if you have a pet there's a gravel area on the ground floor where you can try taking them as long as you pick up after them. When you're outside it's just to the right and you basically go down all the stairs and to your right. The gravel stretches pretty far along the car return area :-)
