4	Applejack is a paradise for broads who want to kit themselves out in rockabilly dresses, and for guys who like zombies and the Misfits. It is a stop off point for people who are into their neon green leopard print skinny jeans, studded belts and Stargazer make-up.Edinburgh is fairly rich in shops like this but Applejack in particular seem to have an extensive range of all of the above, while also stocking brands such as Hell Bunny and Famous Stars and Straps-esque tees. There's a small cyber section, lots of baggies, suspenders, big boots and PVC to cater to a variety of customers, while also stocking Emily the Strange stuff that is usually geared towards a younger audience. There's a good selection of hair dye, including brands such as Manic Panic which colour your hair vivid shades of green, red, pink etc. Nothing in Applejack seems grossly overpriced and it's great for the audience it is aimed towards. I used to love this place when I was younger but even now I still really like some of their 50s burlesque dresses. As I said before Edinburgh's got an abundence of shops like this but Applejack is one of the best.
3	Alternative - thats how I would describe this place, but it seems to draw in such a large selection of people that you wouldnt think so.Of all the shops like this scattered throughout Edinburgh, Applejack is the best - stocking the most alternative clothing, hair dies, jewelry, trinkets and generaly other unclassifiable stuff.It is really rather cool in here, whether you are just generally looking or searching for something in particular - Applejack is likely to have it, or so it seems.
4	Whilst the other reviews have discussed some of Applejack's more respectable offerings, when I popped in here for a quick nose around there was one thing that struck me.Drugs, drugs and more drugs.All legal of course, and while a cup of green tea is as mental as I go these days, if you want to spend an evening gurning away on the dancefloor, or descending into a maddening psychedelic episode, but don't fancy some unwanted attention from The Old Bill then this is your place.
4	I've only ever had reason to shop in here once, but on that one occasion it was a lifesaver...We were going on one of those student pub crawls - where they charge you loads for the t-shirt and then you have to get it signed by the bar staff after you've had a drink - and the dress code was UV. Except at 5pm that evening we suddenly realised none of us had any UV face paints... not exactly the esiest thing to get a hold of on friday afternoons at shop-closing time!So off we went on a trip up to Princes Street, my friend never having driven in Edinburgh before, trying to find somewhere who stocked face paints in stupid bright colours. Not only did Applejack have them, they also had every other UV/Punk related accessory you could ever need, and then some. The staff didn't mind staying open for an extra 15 mins for us whilst we faffed around deciding on colours and finiding stupidly coloured tights to match, either.I can't say I've ever had a reason to shop there again, but it served its purpose when it was needed!
2	Alternative? Ok. I just call it odd.It's not my thing, but I can see why it appeals to others. Not for me though.staff are lovely! When I came in i was greeted warmly and felt at ease. The prices looked reasonable, but again, not for me.
3	Applejack is another shop in this part of town that I can imagine being loved by rebellious teenagers, I know I would have love it when I was that age especially because they have Nightmare Before Christmas merchandise displayed in the window.As other reviewers have mentioned it's an "alternative" shop stocking a bizarre assortment of goods including bongs, welly boots, body jewellery, make-up and clothing. If this is your kind of thing then you'll love it and it caters perfectly for it's target audience.
3	I'm not sure Applejack is quite as mental as Gavin makes it out to be. Any shop that advertises or is known for legal drugs is usually attention seeking. The fact they don't just advertise most of the product is because no one has ever heard of them, and the sort of people buying them just want to say they have "bought drugs". Most people who do drugs are either too immobile or too stuck up (depending on their choice of product) o buy these sorts of legal highs. It's really for teenagers and stoner-wannabes (if you really can imagine such a creature). Anyway when I went in all I could see were bongs and shisha pipes.Applejack also sells... stuff. Stuff like clothing, posters, badges, generally just a mish mash of stuff relating to a mix of alternative cultures, by which I mean fashion styles. I guess its fine if its what you're looking for. I suppose its an independent clothes store, so I support it in theory, there just isn't much in here that would appeal to me.I should add that the staff were really friendly!
5	50s prom dressesPolka dot dressesSkull & crossbone dressesSkinny black jeansSkinny blue jeansRamones teesSonic Youth teesLeopard skin leggingsRed & pink hair dyeThick black eye linerJet black mascaraSilver jewellery& Fierce red lipstickYou can hold the PVC and cyber gear but I'll have one of all the above please!
