5	Dr. Mount and the entire staff were very helpful and friendly. It's always tough when your pets are sick so it means a lot when the doctor truly cares and treats your pet as their own. Your pets will be in good hands here.
5	I can't say enough about Dr Lewis. He is extremely kind and knowledgable. Although we are having a really difficult time finding the source of my dogs allergies, Dr Lewis is patient and sympathetic. Highly recommend if you are are looking for a dermatologist for your animal that is very educated and caring.
5	Let me start this off by saying I have a Malinois named Edgar that is a special kind of dog.  He is a working dog, and there is only a select few that are able to handle him and touch him without getting bit.  I took him to a regular vet to look at his allergies, and even with a muzzle on, she stood in the corner of the room, would not get near the dog even with me restraining him, and said she couldn't do anything with him and inferred I had a terrible dog (yet all the trainers that work with him love him...).  She pretty much prescribed a bunch pills and sent me on my way, without having one good thing to say about me or my pup.  Not only was she not able to touch my dog, but the pills did nothing for him.I have been battling allergies with Edgar since I moved to AZ a year ago.  I've thrown everything in the book at him and nothing has helped.  We have both been miserable and I have been at a loss with how to help my boy.  When calling to make an appointment at Dermatology for Animals, the receptionist was very understanding in the fact that I had a dog that wasn't your average pet, and said they would do everything they could to accommodate Edgar and his special needs.  Right off the bat, I got a good feeling and hung up the phone with some hope that maybe we could fix him.  Dr. Lewis was amazing. Not only was he incredibly knowledgeable, but he was able to fully examine Edgar (even check between his paw pads!).  Dr. Lewis seemed to know that I knew how to handle my dog, and left the handling up to me so he could focus on the diagnosis.  Edgar may have been unhappy when someone he didn't know or trust was giving him a full body exam, but I was able to restrain him and we were able to get a complete exam done.  Edgar even relaxed and eventually laid down while the Dr. spent half an hour explaining different options and pros and cons of each one.  Allergies is an expensive journey, and I like a vet that takes that into account and doesn't write out a bunch of expensive prescriptions that aren't necessary.  This is the beginning of what will probably be a long and expensive relationship, trying to not only narrow down what exactly is causing his issues, but fixing them as well.  It's been 2 days and I can already see a change in Edgar.  I'm glad I found these guys and will definitely be recommending Dr. Lewis to anyone that is having skin issues with their fur babies!  They really know what they're doing, they look out for what is not only best for the client but what is most cost effective, and they have wonderful bedside manner!  The way I look at it is I don't care if you are the best in your field and know everything there is to know about medicine...If you are rude and/or unwelcoming to me or my dog, you're not getting my business!
