5	Great Jazz and they even let people stand in.  Some high schooler was amazing on the harmonica.  As a big Slim Harpo fan I was very impressed.  The scene wasn't smoky at all.  Very nice although the crowd was small.
5	I wish I had made it out to this place on my last trip to Charlotte. Pretty much all of the other music venues I wanted to visit reserve their acts for Friday and Saturday nights (especially on a holiday weekend like Thanksgiving). However, I'm more of a middle-of-the-week music appreciator. For other Monday night music lovers, this is an excellent place to take a visitor for some straight ahead jazz and blues. I used to love standing in line in the cold to see jazz played the way its meant to be played, in a smoky basement with singers and musicians jumping on the mic at completely unscheduled times, at a little club called Small's in Manhattan's West Village. And the ability to enjoy some of the best Rockabilly, Country, and Blues musicians around (for FREE!) at Rodeo Bar in Manhattan's Murray Hill any night of the week, has also spoiled me.My point being - places like Small's, Rodeo Bar, and Double Door Inn are a dying breed. It is your duty as a live music supporter to exercise your right to enjoy this craft in a setting that is up close and personal, and velvet-rope-free. Though I doubt that the Double Door can draw New York sized crowds on a "school night", if you bring a group of friends here now, it could quickly become your own private corner of musical heaven for years to come.
5	One of the best places in Charlotte for continual live music. Open since the mid-70s the Double Door inn has hosted a ton of top acts and is always full of people who love music. Charlotte isn't known nationally for its music scene but with venues like this, it is hard to deny that you can't have a great time with Charlotte music. Decent beer selection and regular visits from the legendary Bill Hanna (at least legendary for Double Door Inn visitors) solidify the Inn as a location for musical bliss any night of the week.
5	My dad was a bouncer here in the 70's and my first visit was with the old man. I couldn't imagine any better venue in Charlotte. They even had a live band on Christmas night the last time I was in town. Can't say enough, so I'll leave it at that.
5	A true Charlotte staple!  My bf works for a blues music agency in the city, so coming here often is a pre-requisite for us.  This venue has been around forever and you can really tell....it's oozing with history from the pictures on the walls to the original bar.  There is always something going on at the Double Door, every night of the week and many, many famous faces have graced their stage including slow hand himself, Eric Clapton.  The bartenders are friendly, will gladly serve you PBR in a can, and may even ring the bell up front for a good tip.  Oh and you can buy scratchers tickets at the bar if you are bored with the band.  :)
5	Pretty much the spot for local blues.  Diverse music line-up so you may want to check the website.  Clapton played there!
5	Hey there everyone!  This is John, the Production Manager/Sound Engineer at the Double Door Inn.  Just happened across our venue here on Yelp! and was extremely honored to see so many people saying such nice things about our room!  Thanks so much to all of you for coming out and enjoying live music with us.  Its something we LOVE and we're lucky to be able to share it with you!  As Sabrina mentioned in her review, its up to us to support live music and the venues that offer it to you.  I'll go ahead and step out on a limb by offering a big thank you from all of the Double Door staff for the support that music fans have given the club over the past 36 years.  Looking forward to hopefully seeing all of you again and offering you many more years of great live music!!!!!
5	Always a happy diverse crowd, especially on a Monday night. Great music. NC's oldest Blue's Club. GO ON MONDAY NIGHT!
5	No better place to listen to live music in Charlotte than the DDI...a historic and very intimate venue recognized as the "Oldest Live Music Venue East of the Mississippi" and holds the title "Oldest Blues Club In The U.S. Under Original Ownership".  Legendary performers like Eric Clapton, Stevie Ray Vaughn, Buddy Guy, Junior Brown, and  many others have graced their stage.  Amazing local talent too pretty much any night of the week.  Diverse and casual crowd.  And now that the place is completely smoke free, you won't leave smelling like an ashtray!!!  The Double Door Inn is definitely a hidden treasure in Charlotte.  Get out and support live music and the venues like this that offer it to you!!  You'll defnitely get your money's worth!
5	Great place to go for both local and national acts. Everytime I've been it was a great experience.
4	Monday night drink specials and an amazingly musical performance will be provided to you with a 5 dollar cover.. What more could you ask for?This building breeds history and I was proud to experience it my last night in Charlotte.
4	Great small place to see a band, have good bar type food (esp. the wings) and drink with friends.  Very friendly staff, good sound system.
5	Nick's got a good thing going here.  DD's live music history is second to none in this part of the country.  Great lunch place, too.  $5 for anything on the menu.  Will be back.  Soon.
3	Only been here a couple of times but enjoyed it each time.  The only reason I'm not giving it more stars is due to the parking.  Unless something has changed since I was last there, the parking is very limited and not an area I want to walk alone.
5	If not my favorite place in Charlotte to see live music, it is certainly the place in Charlotte where I most often see live music.  There is a good mix of local, regional and national acts that play here.  Seeing Anders Osborne play here a few weeks ago was one of the best live shows I've seen in a great while, and I'm immersed in live music.  Come out and support live music!  Stop by the Double Door and give a band you've never heard of a chance.
4	friendly bartenders, full bar, awesome specials (and good music).I may not always love the live acts at the double door but the people and the atmosphere make up for it. plus there are a few games, a pool table, and a patio around back if you need a break from the stage. last time I was there thursday nights were: free for ladies, $5 for guys.$2 miler lites, $3 sam adams, $4 wells.
5	We are lucky to have this venue in Charlotte. Every time I walk through the door. Amazing live music.
5	My First time to the Double Door was 1974, they were expanding what is now the back game room.I've been back time and again over the years for many different shows.The most recent was to take my youngest son who recently turned 21.We saw Cristabel & The Jon's.The most memorable shows were those of the Spongtones over the years. They always rocked the place and everyone always left feeling like they had just seen a memorable show.Fancy, it's not but a legendry venu known for hosting some of the best blues and live performances East of the Mississippi.Most notably the 1982 show of Eric Clapton. He had been playing at what is now Bojangles Coliseum. He showed up late that night to play five songs and an encore...all instrumentals, no vocals.Bill Hannah has been playing his Jazz Jam there for years and giving local jazz musicians an opportunity to play. Bill used to play at the Olde Quarter back in the late 70's on Tremont before it burned. Known for being a local HS music teacher. Also. home to Charlotte Blues Society: www.charlottebluessociety.orgThank you Double D & Bill for gving the up and coming musicians an opportunity.
5	There is only ONE spot to go on a Monday night in Charlotte for live music!  It does not get better than the Double Door Inn!  There is a cover but it is worth it!  The bluesy music, electic mix of people, rustic bar and of course the PINBALL machine in the back make this spot a MUST DO!  Love you Double Door!!
3	Double Door Inn brings the non mainstream acts & it's a delightful experience.  I went to a Foreign Exchange show here 2 years ago & was really impressed with the sound system.It's "dive-y" looking inside, but the bartenders & bouncers are friendly & not rude (like some places can be).Due to the kinda sketchy area & the parking situation, always be aware of your surroundings.
5	I fell in love with the Double Door a few years ago when I first moved to Charlotte.  My boyfriend and I didn't have cash on us and when we realized you needed cash for entry, this guy who was a regular shelled out 40 bucks if we promised to keep coming back.  Nuff said...the crowd is always down The Double Door never disappoints, great shows, great drinks specials and very casual.  They also have a pool table and old school pinball machine. They have a patio as well, but as a non smoker...I don't last too long out there.  Last time I was there a few weeks ago, I even got on stage and played the tambourine with the act, best night ever!
4	Great music venue with good sound quality and friendly staff. A little white house that contains low ceilings with scary fans and bouncy wood floors.  Stadium seats line the dance floor and photos of acts that have grace the place line the walls.   There's a great dancing nook right in front of the music booth, behind the back stadium seats. Came here for a New Mastersound show and this place when from dive bar to sweat box as soon as the music started  and the throw down began, I swear it was hotter than bikram yoga.  The smoking area outback is too small to be classified as a patio.  And fyi- if you value your hearing I recommend keeping a pair of earplugs in your back pocket.  All in all I look forward seeing more awesome shows at this historic southern gem.
4	I love this venue! It's been around for ages and is a place that people don't really know about. If you are a true fan of live music and great music, this is the place to go! The Monday Night All-Stars were amazing! They brought a little bit of jazz, a little bit of funk, a little bit of R&B, and mixed it all with a lot of soul! It is definitely a "hole-in-the-wall" place, but it's these kinds of places that keeps the Charlotte music scene alive! It's a great atmosphere, nice staff, and the shows will not disappoint!
2	I'm torn. The entertainment (Lizzy Ross Band) was phenomenal. I mean, absolutely mind-blowing. I would have left so much earlier and never thought twice about this place if the band hadn't been fantastic. They were a perfect mix of blues, rock, country, and jazz. Doesn't sound like a great recipe, but it was delicious. The bar itself was awesome. Cool, eclectic seating, an interesting layout, and a back section for people to hang and talk where the music isn't so loud. The sound system was rockin. Crystal clear and the music sounded like a million bucks coming out of it. It was the staff and the crowd that got to me. The bartender and bouncer were rude. In fact, we hadn't been in the bar 10 minutes and we would have left if we hadn't wanted to hear the band. The cover was a bit pricey for bands you've never heard of, but it'd be completely worth it if they're all like the band we saw. I also LOVE drinking, but only ordered one drink to avoid any further interaction with the bartender since he had been rude from the minute we walked in. The crowd was a group of old, quiet locals and I was shocked at how empty the place was on a Friday night. All in all, I'll probably come back for a good band, but I'll drink somewhere else.
5	great place to go hang out and enjoy wonderful music.i have been 3 times.don't even remember the groups i listened to,but all 3 times it exceeded my expectations.love this place.a piece of history too.they have been around for quite a while :).the purple school bus-i think was one of the groups i heard-i loved them !!!!!!!
4	I really loved the atmosphere of this place. It reminded me of one of my favorite bars in Chicago so it really felt like home. The bartender was a great guy who was friendly and kept the drinks coming. I saw a few fun bands while I was there and the sound was great. Anyone looking for a friendly environment with good service and great sound should definately check this place out.
4	This a cool place to catch a smaller or local band.  There's always a cheap cover and cheap drinks.  You can't beat that.  They also have an area in the back that has pool & foosball.  What a great idea for set break!The venue is actually an old house, so it is very unique and cultured.  The only thing that can be annoying are the sight lines.  There are columns that obstruct views from the bar and the stage is practically ground level.  I'm 6'3", so I have it easier than most.....All in all, it's a small, fun venue to catch a show.
5	On Thursday 9/21/12, James Lastra played the Double Door Inn.After several successful shows at The Evening Muse, he was booked by Afton Showcase to play this legendary venue.A great honor to perform on the same stage with some notable artists like Eric Clapton, Stevie Ray Vaughn and Buddy Guy.
3	This place gets great music here and there are many famous musicians that have played here at this "legendary blues club".  It is great to see pictures of all of the famous people that have played here.  The issue that the Double Door Inn has is room.  Now if you are at the DDI and there is a light crowd it's great, but if they pack out the house, it can be a little much to deal with.  There are not to many places to see the music if it is real packed and you want a little space and it is quite a chore to get from one side to the other.  There is a nice patio and the crowd is normally a pleasure to be around.  I also think the staff is pretty good.  I never think of this place as having food but I have ordered a sandwich there before.  I am not sure if they still do that.  I do not normally see people eating there.  The sandwich was not bad but I would probably go for something else before I got there if I had the choice.
4	Went here to see a band out of upstate New York Sophistafunk recently and a great time was had by all.  The place is one of the smaller music venues in the Charlotte.  But that smaller size actuality work in favor of Double Door, there is a very homey, friends and family vibe about the whole place.  Genny to High Life.  The band, Sophistafunk can be described as just that - sophisticated funk music.  They brought alot of energy and had the audience of about 30 people all dancing and moving to the beat.  My virgin experience at Double Door was good enough so that I would def return.  Don't go to Double Door expecting some sort of top-shelf, Fillmore-esq music venue.  Yet, it serves its place as its a great venue to see up and coming bands.
4	Sketchy parking, sketchy street-side appeal, sketchy entrance, rude staff, dirty interior, games in the back, $2 tall boys, totally awkward but amazing re-purposed seats, and.....house-made sandwiches at the bar? Sign me the eff up. This place is so gnarly. Been kickin' it for 30+ years as a Blues club and they've got the lore to prove it. It's a low ceiling, smoker-laden, semi-crumbling venue with tons of personality. Had been a few years since I'd been back, but paid a visit last week to see some friends play a straight up rock n' roll set. Boy, did I miss this place. So much history and so much love, heart, soul, and time has been poured out on that stage. Probably a few too many beers have been poured out on the stage, too. It's due for a scrub down. Suffice is to say that I love this spot. Probably wouldn't come in to enjoy a Miller High Life on the regular, but count me in for a blues night or a good show anytime.
4	I don't hit up too many late night spots these days. I've attended about 3 or 4 events here over the last few years. It's a small, intimate venue with a lot of character. After you order a Roanoke Railhouse (one of the few places it's on-tap in Charlotte right now), be sure to spend some quality time scoping out the wall decor. There's a lot of history and humor hung up there. There are tvs around the bar to keep you up to date on sports and news. In the back is a patio and a gameroom with a few arcade/pinball games and a pool table. The key part of this intimate setting is that as soon as a band takes the small stage, you can't help but start grooving to their tunes. Even if you're not digging the music too much, everyone else dancing and enjoying themselves becomes infectious. The downside to the small venue is that it can become hard to talk with other folks. If you're with a group and want to chat, head to the back for some space and a few less decibels.
3	Double Door Inn has it all in terms of music variety. They play samplings from about every genre out there to sampled. Sometimes they've got the upbeat rock bands, some nights they do the sway in your seat jazz best suited to a glass of wine. Either way they've got the venue, and the bar, to cover it.I'm most acquainted with Tuesday nights here which appears to be a sort of "open-mic" night for jazz soloists. A friend of mine makes his way into Charlotte to show folks what 15 years of saxophone study will do for ya. There's a regular bunch on the stage that provides backing by way of piano, drums and bass. Then, they seem to pick from whoever wanders in with some brass and bravado to join them onstage with their trumpets, saxes and the like to reinvent the jam-session. I once even saw them pull a violinist onstage. It made for a quirky mix-up.The drinks are well priced and they have specials on the regular. But I have to say the most disappointing thing is the cover charge. It's pretty high for Tuesday night and I wonder if it changes depending on who's playing. So I imagine if the casual atmosphere costs $12 plus whatever I want to drink, how much do they want on other nights? Either way, I'll keep going back at least as long as my friend keeps dropping his excellent saxolos there. Even if them name still does throw me off...
4	The BF and I were visiting the mother and she decided to take us out. I'm not really a bar person, so was a bit skeptical but this place is fantastic. They have a pretty good selection of beers and it's all bottles, so that makes it easy. The prices are super reasonable, and the cover charge also isn't bad. We went on a Friday night, and cover was only $7 each.  We ended up getting a sandwich too. They're homemade, and you never know what you get, but for $3 it's totally worth it and you get chips. I think we had a ham/turkey salad sandwich...whatever it was, it was delicious and fed the three of us. The bands were pretty good. Not quite my type of music and a bit too much jamming, but they had some really good songs and were talented musicians. We spent about 4 hours there and it was a really fun time. Next time I visit, we'll go here again.
2	Hate when people vent on here about bad experiences, so please skip if you don't want to hear my rant. It's not all bad, despite a bad experience with one person, we had a great night.  We went to the double door on Sept 20th to see the guitar freak genius called Reignwolf. The venue is cool in a historic dirty blues club way (hey Clapton's played here!), the beers are cheap and cold. Unfortunately the doorman is a real tool, I'd bought 8 tickets online for me and group of friends and coworkers. I arrived first with 3 others and 15 minutes later a second group of two people arrived (6 total)- it was then the doorman told me I had used up all my tickets. Tried explaining we still had two more tickets and was basically told to "go f$&@ myself". Tickets were just $10, but sucked to be accused of being a thief. Anyway, we had to purchase more tickets at the door. The band was great and we had good time anyway. Guess the best advice, just pay at door.
4	Excellent venue. One of the best in Charlotte. It is old. You feel history. It is intimate. The only reason I'm not giving it 5 stars- it is inconsistent with their band bookings. Sometimes it is really good and other times it is "meh". They definitely don't seem to pick up on traveling indy bands (they seem to go to other venues in Charlotte instead)
5	What a superb venue for a blues band or a rock show. Skinny building with Billiiards table in the back and a PacMan game. Bar with not fairly priced beers won't break the bank. We saw Steepwater and Heywire both excellent Blues bands. Catch them when they are back.
5	Amazing venue, cheep drinks and great joke joint vibe!  Loved seeing Tony Joe White here!!!  I can't wait to go back sometime.
5	If I could give the Double Door more than five stars, I would. They have been nothing but hospitable to my family and myself for years. I've shot a film in there and many other things. The owner is such a great guy as well!
4	The Double Door Inn is a great place to see live music. It's located essentially on CPCC's campus which gives it a much safer feel than some of the other venues in Charlotte. Came to see Hamilton Loomis play here on 2 different occasions. The parking lot is small but we found a parking space with relative ease. The sound in this place can be hit or miss but I'm willing to overlook that. The staff was friendly but they all seemed rather bored. The chairs are wood which can make for discomfort by the band's third set but that's my only real complaint here.
