4	Things I love about Chipotle:-The menu is simple, but you still have the option to vary it up by trying different combinations of ingredients, salsas, and preparations. -The barbacoa beef and carnitas are super tender and flavorful. -The chili-corn salsa gives everything a spicy kick and a satisfying crunch. -They have margaritas, which I haven't tried because I see this place as more of a lunch spot but still seem nice to have as an option. -The prices are relatively low given the overall quality and portion size.-The meat is humanely raised and the overall vibe of the restaurant communicates a sense of social awareness. Things I don't love about Chipotle:-The chicken is a little bit fatty and not as flavorful as the red meat and pork options, which is disappointing since I'm trying to limit my red meat consumption.-The peppers and onions that come when you get a fajita option are usually kind of soggy and flavorless. -The vegetarian options aren't great, and it seems odd that they haven't introduced something more substantial (e.g., mushrooms or tofu) than peppers and onions for people who want to avoid meat.
5	I could eat here everyday. In fact I do eat here everyday! Chipotle is similar to Subway but with burritos instead of sammiches. When you get there you start out with either a salad, bowl, taco, or burrito and you tell them what you want on it.  I really love their salads the dressing is soo good and their guacamole rocks. If you're on a diet this place isn't for you a burrito is about 1,000 calories!
3	Ordering with the iPhone app probably bumps it up to 4 stars. I press 3 buttons. The food is paid for and waiting for me. Oh, & the best guac & chips. Ever.
4	Its a chain, but its good (keep in mind, this review encompasses ALL different Chipotle locations- not just this one on Baseline). I absolutely LOVE the barbacoa (marinated & shredded beef). The flavor is superb. I normally get the barbacoa tacos, cuz I can't get enough of the flavor, and its just amazing. Once, I decided to try a combo of all 3 meats: barbacoa, chicken, & carne asada (steak). The Carne Asada was my least favorite, sadly. (I'm a HUGE fan of carne asada). Maybe I just tried it on an off-day, but just wasn't good. The chicken was pretty tasty, so one day I decided to sway away from my usual 3-soft taco barbacoa plate, and go for the chicken burrito.Yummy. It was excellent. I love how you can pick and choose what goes into your burrito/tacos.... For the chicken burrito? I chose rice, black beans, lettuce, cheese, sour cream, guacamole (it costs extra) and their medium salsa. Excellent stuff.Cant go wrong. Its always fast, fresh and tasty. Again, its a chain, but that doesnt take away from the quality of food. Matter of fact, being a chain, and being so tasty and consistent, should be a reason to go.
4	What's not to love, fresh food, made to order, and organic and natural ingredients whenever possible.This chipotle gets a huge line at 1155 due to the Univ of Phoenix lunch rush, but they generally move the line pretty quickly. There is one older woman on the line who can be a bit of a burrito-grouch (she once told me that i couldn't have a side of corn tortillas with my bowl....um no), but the rest of the staff is great.
3	Burrito's are pretty good, only thing causing the lower star rating is the steak was a little over cooked causing it to be a little tough.  When I came in at lunch time there was a very long line (out the door)  the line did move very fast, but I had a bit of a problem finding a place to sit.   I do like Qdoba better.
4	This Chipotle has surpassed my expectations in every area of customer service. This location can get a little hectic during the lunch rush which basically starts 10 minutes before they open. But instead of waiting until 11am they will actually open their doors early because of the line forming outside.And even when there is a long line of 20+ people, they can move the line in record time. A line all the way out the door will only take about 5-8 minutes. This has to be because they keep this location fully staffed especially when it gets crowded. As for the food I have never had a problem with any visits at this location or any other locations.
5	It seems most of the people working here are under the age of 25, but WAIT...it makes for a great experience.  Everyone is really friendly and chipper.  If a burrito could be sincere, these are, or at least they're very sincerely made.  Unlike other Chipotle's I've been to where you can tell the iron fist of the manager is guiding their every scoop, the employees here are generous with their ingredients.  You don't have to keep asking, "Can I have just a little bit more?" which I really appreciate, especially when it comes to guacamole!
4	It gets really full in here during lunchtime, however the staff is very friendly and efficient. They move quickly and the food is more than awesome! But give yourself some time if you come during 11-12 pm, to make it back to work on time :)
3	Chipotle the organization has developed a pretty good business model: Good food, made fresh in front of the customer, Fast-ish service that is usually well managed and friendly, and a website experience that allows you to order ahead of time and cut the line.  Additionally the fair is (seemingly) healthier than standard fast food and the decor is contemporary which is a refreshing change fron the obnoxious appearance of the average jack in the box or Subway.However, I am giving this chipotle 3 stars, even though I eat here more often than I eat at any other restaurant.  The two reasons for the average rating are:1. A homeless person has set up shop outside of the front door2. As I have alluded, I use the online ordering feature, and they seem to meet the promised time only occasionally. So- they need to shoo the bum and pay more attention to their online customers.  Then I will give this chipotle 5 stars
4	The homeless guy is gone.  Also, there is at least one employee that recognizes me, and tonight she handed me my order as walked up to the counter.  That was fantastic.  However, they still have some room to improve.  Not all of the employees are as aware as the one I have mentioned, but I am a satisfied customer.
1	I've given this place, not two, not three, but FOUR attempts to redeem themselves and yet they continue to fail me. They're a disgrace to the Chipotle family. I usually order in advance and pick up food for myself and several co-workers and these have been my experiences over the span of 7 months:1st trip: I got 3 soft tacos with barbacoa: the meat was so greasy I managed to fill half a cup with grease.2nd trip: got a burrito bowl with barbacoa: the meat looked and tasted as if someone had attempted to chew a fatty part of steak and then just put it back in my bowl.3rd trip: got a burrito bowl with barbacoa, light sour cream, extra cheese and pico: received a bowl with so much sour cream, I couldn't see anything under it. Had about 3 strands of cheese on top. last attempt, today: got a burrito bowl with barbacoa, light sour cream, extra cheese and pico: meat was dry and chewy, no pico, no sour cream, half a spoon of rice and beans and so much cheese it was almost inedible. (and if you've read my reviews, you know how much I LOVE cheese.)In conclusion, I don't know how this Chipotle is still in business. It's lacks flavor, attention and effort. Will never return to this Chipotle and discourage others from attempting to eat here.
4	I am super fan.  I have been hitting this place up for about two years...Yeah, I know I need to submit my reviews faster.  SMH.  Its terrible.  Sorry for the rant.  Every time I set foot in this building, I great customer service with quick, healthy food.  I have no compliments, just praise for this location.  Four thumbs up!!!!
5	Chipotle holds a special place in my heart. Always will. I get the same thing every time... Barbacoa Burrito with beans, rice, cheese, and guacamole. I'm telling you Barbacoa & Guacamole & the Chipotle Tabasco were made for each other. They go together like cocaine and waffles.
5	Honestly, I have had Chipotle approximatley 1,000 different times in the past 9 years since I first fell in love with it. This location is in the top 5% of best visits to the restaurant that I have had. Customer Service was top notch, food was perfectly cooked, chips done right (not too much salt, hint of lime), and the speed of the line was outstanding. Even with the Lady with two kids meals in front of me.
4	I know chipotle is a chain. But this location does a great job with food. The line moves fast and they always give me extra rice and other stuff when I ask. If you are a chipotle fan, this place will help you get your fix. Also they give away a free burrito on teacher appreciation day. That is also a plus
5	How can you go wrong with Chipotle?! I've always enjoyed this place and their fast, quick service. I use the Chipotle app during lunch hour to avoid the lines. Order on your app, choose to pay at the store and go straight to the register. However, sometimes I do visit this location spur of the moment. Not only is their staff fast and friendly but the food has always been excellent. I prefer the burrito bowls and tacos. I would consider Chipotle inexpensive but some may argue with me on that. However, I think you get what you pay for and at Chipotle they definitely serve some goodness! I always recommend Chipotle especially this location's service. Order all four salsas to give your burrito that extra kick!
4	I find myself at this Chipotle more than I should. Idk what happens but somehow this place is dinner about twice a week. Having lived in the neighborhood for more than 4 years I have seen them change quite a bit over the years. The quality of the food is always good, however the attitude you will get from some of the employees can be a drag. I did notice within the last year or so that the steak is mostly pink. I brought this up to them and they gave me the option to cook the steak a little more for me. I didn't realize that was an option but now that I know that's how I'll be placing my order!
4	This is my favorite location..I luv this restaurant, but most are always so packed you usually end up finding somewhere else to eat But this location has nice parking and always a quick, friendly que.My biggest complaint is a common one for me.. the tables and chairs are to short. Feels like I'm sitting at the kids table at thanksgiving.All around better than their 7th ave or camelback locations.
5	This store is ontop of their work! I go to this location often and have not had a bad experience. They're staff is always paying attention and checkout is quick. The drink/napkin/utensil station has always been clean and they're even sure to keep the tables clean when people get up and leave.  The parking lot is always a bit crazy, but you can expect that with other neighboring food places.
5	Cheers to this location!!! Excellent service and great portions!
4	This review is for online ordering/take out.I had no idea you could do that!  A couple folks from work were ordering and asked if I wanted in. Um, yes please.  The website asked for names for each meal within the order, which we found out later was so they could write first names on similar dishes... so simple, but it made such a difference.Parking was difficult and we lucked in to a decent spot. In the future I'd likely park near a different building and prepare for a short walk rather than fight in the small lot.  When we walked in, the place was packed to the gills!  It was such a relief to be able to walk up to the to-go window and wait in a line behind one person, rather than 20.  Our order was there and ready, warm, and 95% accurate (I got white rice instead of brown).  For being in the thick of the lunch rush, this location was handling things pretty well and it was running smoothly.  Still, I'm so excited about this new found order-ahead thing.  Rumor has it there's an app, too?
