3	Saigon 88 was recently opened by the same folks who own Pho Kim 88 over on Library Road in Castle Shannon. Not many people know about this place yet, as Doug and I stopped in today around noon and were one of only two tables in this spacious and lovely new restaurant. If you've been to Pho Kim you'll recognize most of the menu, except this location is focusing more on sushi, with a very large sushi bar as the centerpiece. They've also decided to not serve pho here, so as to not compete too much with their sister restaurant, which is, after all, only a couple of miles away. I went for the seared tuna salad, which is a menu item not offered at their other restaurant, and Doug had the grilled chicken salad, which is a favorite of his from Pho Kim 88. I liked my salad, which featured sashimi grade tuna dipped in panko and quickly pan seared, served over greens that look just like the spring lettuce mix you get pre-washed at the Giant Eagle, with shredded carrots and sliced tomatoes. The dressing was a soy sauce base, and went well with the tuna. They give you a healthy portion of tuna, and the only addition to this dish I needed was a little wasabi on the side. The tomatoes look like Sysco produce, tasteless and wintery pale, but that's my only gripe. Doug said his salad was exactly the same as he gets at the other location. It's kind of like grilled chicken bun with lettuce taking the place of the  rice noodles. Good and garlicky, with sprouts, carrots and more sad tomato as a garnish. It doesn't say so on the menu, but this salad also has shrimp in it. It comes with a side of thier excellent fish sauce. The menu here is a mish mosh, hence the Asian fusion deliniation on the menu and in their name. One page is given over to Japanese hibachi items, which I know to be very popular at the other location, as I see patrons dining on them every time I eat there. One part is Vietnamese food items, and a large section of this menu is sushi. They also offer pad Thai and Thai curry. My one complaint about Pho Kim was that it was trying to be too many things to too many people, but the concept seems to be working for them at both locations, and the food is good, so I can let this go. The dining room and sushi bar are both large and comfortable, and they have a nice patio that overlooks Rt. 19.
5	My favorite Asian restaurant in the South Hills has always been Pho Kim 88.  That was until they opened a sister restaurant called Saigon 88 in the location of the old "Leonard's Living Room."  Expand on the wonderful menu of Pho Kim 88 with a FUSION flare, add a terrific outdoor deck, a very large fully-stocked bar, and a beautifully decorated dining room along with EXCELLENT service, and Saigon 88 easily became our family's favorite.  Try the Royce's Roll - it's EXCELLENT.  The Saigon Fried Rice is the best ANYWHERE, including the swanky places I used to go to in Southern California.  The Saigon Latte (hot or cold) is INCREDIBLE.  The prices are excellent, and I always walk out feeling happy and looking forward to my next visit.  If I had three thumbs, they'd all be pointing up!
4	What an amazing gem in the South Hills! There aren't really any sushi places in the South Hills, so I figured I'd try it out. I'm sure glad I did! The sushi was high quality, and there are other things on the menu if sushi isn't your thing. The decor nice & authentic. The restaurant was so clean. I would definitely go back & bring a group of friends. Hopefully more people check this place out! :)
4	The boy and I LOVE Pho Kim 88 and when we heard that they had opened another restaurant we were PUMPED to try it. We each ordered something from a different part of Asia, there were just soooo many options! While our meals were fine, not amazing, just fine, we thought the reason is that they are trying to please too many people. There are just tooo many options to be able to do them all well. It's a good restaurant, but I would rather stick with Pho Kim because every single Vietnamese item on their menu is wonderful, here it's just okay.
4	We went to this restaurant as a party of six while we were visiting family in Pittsburgh. The menu is extensive. All told we ordered a Tom Yum Seafood Hot Pot that was large enough for two but was devoured by one. It was full of fish. We also tried the Hibachi Salmon which I enjoyed, the Hibachi Spicy Chicken (it is spicy), an order of the tuna lovers roll (huge serving), and two orders of Saigon88 Steak Bo-Le-Lac. Two of our party had the avocado smoothies (I took a pass on tasting these) and the rest of us settled for Saigon beer in bottles which went well with the food. For those of us over fifty, we took home leftovers. There is a full bar there if you like cocktails. The total came to $150.00 which I thought a bit pricy but everyone enjoyed their food and that is what counts. Service was Ok but not as attentive as it could have been. This is a fairly good sized restaurant with good spacing between table so your elbow is not meeting with another diner's chair. The crowd was mixed with 20 somethings, young parents with children, and a few of us looking ahead to becoming members of AARP. Parking in front of the place is limited so you will likely find your self parking across the street. All in all, it was a nice evening out. I would suggest reservations.
4	can i get a woop woop for good asian food in the South Hills?Saigon 88 brings (finally!) a pan-asian choice for those south of the Ft. Pitt.   you kno-- the forgotten ones in the Pittsburgh culinary scene.   finding a good restaurant here can be like picking a birthday present for yourself from Uncle Jim's flannel pajama collection.anyways, Saigon 88 is a breath of fresh air.  the vibe is trendy, the prices are reasonable, and the service is fantastic.the Saigon Dinner for Two is pretty incredible;  it comes with the short ribs, a whole fish, the Vietnamese Hot Pot, and dessert--- and was plenty enough for the three of us in our party.   i never had Vietnamese Hot Pot before;  it's a clear soup base with a tangy / tart flavor, and has assorted veggies and seafood mixed in.a great find in the South Hills.and if you want, you can even go in there wearing flannel PJs too.
1	Took an ill-advised leap of faith that their broad offerings of cuisine of various Asian and SE Asian countries was based on knowledge of unique flavorings, seasonings, ingredients.  Wrong!  Pad Thai does NOT usually contain sliced green bell peppers, carrot shavings, soy sauce nor flat rice noodles.  The $14 price might be understandable if it included lemongrass,Thai hot basil or other rarities, but alas, no.  On the plus side...beautiful glass-encased lounge and bar, pretty dining room (though too brightly lit). Clearly, an investment has been made in this establishment. Now, it's time to trim the menu and train the cook(s).  If there is a "next time", it will be for pho.  I mean, how hard can that be?
1	My wife and I have eaten here more than a few times since they've opened.  They went from pretty good to awful.  It's gone downhill to the point where it is easily one of the worst Vietnamese restaurants I have ever eaten at.  The last few times has bordered on inedible.  The owner is stretching himself too thin and opening too many locations.  They do not have a Vietnamese kitchen staff, the waitress told us they are of another country (not Asian), do not speak the language and will not listen to instruction.  It shows in the food, it's erratic, inconsistent and mostly just terrible.  Stick to sushi and drinks and you are probably ok but don't order anything off the menu or you'll be really sorry.  If you drive a bit further to their other restaurant Pho Kim 88, it is much better.  Well, at least I haven't had a bad meal there yet.
1	I went there for a basic sushi dinner, and was very disappointed.  The sushi is very low quality and has no flavor at all.  A waste of money.  Cardboard on plate!
3	First off, I will agree with some of the reviews that say that this is the best Asian food you can find in the South Hills. Second off, that is not saying much because Asian food is nearly non-existent in the South Hills. I currently live very close to the South Hills and find myself trecking to the east side of the city for good Asian food. However, Saigon 88 which is close provides a decent Asian food alternative.I have visisted Saigon 88 twice now and have had one above average meal and one below average meal. I would say that their food is decent. The benefit is that they explore several different Asian cuisines such as Vietnamese, Thai, Japanese and Chinese. Last time I was there I got a Vietnamese seafood soup which I was not very pleased with. The first time I was there I got green curry with tofu which was excellent.One of the big bonuses to Saigon 88 is that they have an outdoor patio which is discrete and excellent to have a couple of drinks and some food while enjoying a nice breeze. I would rate a 3.5 if that option was available, but for the sake of rating inflation I will always rate down rather than up.
2	Disclaimer - I've only eaten the sushi.  That being said - Oh, this place is just wrong.  My first impression was that this place was dark and tired... and the bar was EMP-TY and we soon discovered why.  The sushi was just baaad.  The fish was not fresh and was flavorless.  The bartender/waitress constantly disappeared and really didn't know anything about sushi.  Thanks to my sushi savvy husband, we only ordered 1 roll (it was so flavorless, I don't even remember what it was) and an order of salmon sashimi.  We ate a few pieces and left the rest.Thankfully, our favorite place a few miles away was still open.  Just keep driving and in a few minutes, you'll find sushi heaven.  Say it with me folks -  "Little Tokyo!"
3	Went here when we happened to be in the area for some errands. I was initially very overwhelmed by the enormous menu!  There were so many choices and it made it difficult to decide on what to have. The $6 dollar Mai Tai was awesome!  This is not a craft cocktail, but it was fruity, refreshing and huge clocking in at 22 oz. To start we ordered the BBQ short ribs which were delicious!  They had a great flavor and were pretty tender considering the cut of meat.  I could have eaten an order of these by myself. I ordered the Pho with the tripe and many other cuts of meat.  This was truly one of the worst bowls of pho I have ever had.  I felt bad, but I did send it back.  There was no flavor in the broth even after adding hoisin and sriracha.  I eat a lot of pho and this was not well made. Overall I probably won't return since it is far from where I live, but if I was in the area I might return for those wonderful short ribs and the service was excellent.
2	The meal began with the BBQ short ribs appetizer. They were a mix of tangy and salty, very soft, in short... delicious. They were served with sesame on top, puffed corn crisps on side.It was here that the meal took a turn for the worse. I ordered theBun bo hue. It had mild flavors, a little bit of spice all in all nothing to write home about. My wife had the Pho. If you've read my reviews you'll know we adore Pho. This version should not even bear the name. A tasteless broth with noodles. The only saving grace was our fabulous waitress who explained that despite their desire to make traditional Pho, local patrons complained and they had to serve this americanized version.All in all, great service, alright food, don't order the Pho.
2	After experiencing more misses than hits here in the past 6 months, I've decided to downgrade my stars from 3 to 2. It's just not very good, and whoever is in the kitchen doesn't understand Vietnamese cuisine at all. I have it from an inside source that they're having difficulty finding trainable staff, and there really doesn't seem to be anyone at the helm here. My lunch today of rice vermicelli with chicken, a dish I've had here dozens of times,  was almost inedible. I mean, it's hard to overcook dark meat from a chicken to the extent that was served up to me today...you've gotta work at it. I suspect that, as business is slow, food is not being prepared to order, but being pre cooked and held; it has that taste to it. The rice noodles themselves had definitely been precooked, and probably been held for longer than a day, as they tasted of refrigerator. Yuck. No more will I be bringing my business here.
5	Try anyone of their hot soup dishes for lunch or dinner on a cold day and you're sure to be much warmer inside and out ;-)
2	When you walk into Saigon 88, the atmosphere and decor scream lounge scene from the 1980s.  The menu is expansive so expect to see Japanese to Vietnamese food options.  I ordered the shrimp mini crepes (Banh Khot) and was underwhelmed with the taste and the sauce did not inspire.  Overall the meal was bad, just not memorable.  The drink menu includes Asian beers, which brought back memories of my travels in Asia.  They also serve bubble teas too.
4	I thought the pho (with seafood) here was very good as was the banh mi sandwich that I split with Darren. Both came in generous portions as well. The service was wonderful, and insides were classy. I don't know why they serve Ore ida fries though. lol.
3	My fiance and I went here for New Years. We were not happy with our meal but they want us to come back and have offered a gift card for the cost of our bill.  I think everyone deserves a second chance.  Service was very nice. Food could use a little help
1	I tried to give Saigon88 three chances before I change my mind about their bland sushi, but I can't. It's flavorless and stale. The calamari appetizer was also flavorless and poorly seasoned. Some of their Vietnamese dishes were a joke. If you want authentic Asian food, please don't waste your money here. I suggest Sushi Three, which is close by.
3	I will say for the record that my first review of this restaurant was 5 stars, and with good reason.  Sadly, Saigon 88 recently changed hands.  We discovered this on our visit last night.  GONE is the menu I loved so much, replaced by a pretty typical Chinese food menu that is less than inspiring, with a few holdovers from the previous menu.  The good news was that our favorite waitress still greeted us upon our arrival.  We knew that something had happened, because one of the signs in the parking lot (not the one on the building) had changed.  We asked a couple that was leaving if it was still Saigon 88.  They told us they had a new owner, but still had the sushi.  We decided to give the new guy a try.There used to be a delicious cold chocolately coffee drink on the menu that my dining partner enjoyed very much.  GONE.  Oh, well, a pot of hot tea sufficed.  The selection of beers had also been reduced (which is saying something because it wasn't very exciting before!) and the Tsing Tao, Heineken, and Sapporo were the most interesting beers available.  Meh.Even though it wasn't on the new menu, our waitress told us that they could still prepare our favorite roll for us, the Royce's Roll.  We ordered it, naturally.  It looked different, and it tasted different.  The sauce had changed, and the salmon on top was sliced a little thicker, and it was overcooked, as it fell apart in the grasp of our chopsticks.  It was pretty good, but the flavor was wrong, and even the sticky rice didn't seem like sticky rice - more like the house white rice.  Definitely a step or two down from what we had been accustomed to.  Also gone from the menu were the delicious soups that often attracted us to this place, replaced with the typical wonton/egg drop/hot and sour soups that are on most Chinese menus.  We decided to get the Hot & Sour soup for two, and we ended up bringing half of it home with us.  As hot and sour soups go, this was extremely mediocre, with not enough "bite."  I think I used the word "thin" to describe it while slurping it down to the disappointed look on my partner's face.On to our entree.  I decided to order Kung Pao chicken, because I have enjoyed this dish as a "barometer" of Chinese menus all over the country.  The presentation was nice, but they wouldn't substitute fried rice for the stuck together white rice that came with the meal.  The chicken itself was perfectly cooked - very tender.  The sauce was very, very weak and uninspiring.  There was WAY too much celery and not enough peanut in the dish, but the vegetables were still crunchy and cooked right.We noticed a few discouraging things.  Like for instance, very few customers.  The place was virtually empty, and it's a big, nicely decorated space.  We also noticed that the new owner isn't nearly as meticulous about the appearance of his restaurant as the guy who opened the place.  There was a bag of sidewalk salt laying next to the door, and paint peeling on the wall next to the door, and the rest room wasn't pristinely clean like it used to be.  Also, the dishes that were on the table for our sushi weren't squeaky clean like they used to be under the old regime.  Some of the furniture from the deck was stacked up in front of the window where we like to sit, so when we looked out onto route 19, we were treated to a view of stacked up furniture.Our verdict?  We decided to keep an open mind.  We want to find out exactly what this place does well, but we're not willing to spend a bunch of money on disappointing meals to find out where their wheelhouse is.  The lady who sat in the booth next to us assured us that the place was "better" now under the new management.  As we were leaving last night, we chuckled about this "tip" and the remark was made that many people around here just don't know any better.
5	Saigon 88 is now John's Sushi, Chinese, and Tastes of Asia.  The new menu offers a duck dish that is wonderful, the sushi is fresh and well done, and everything on the menu can be adjusted for dietary issues.  I have been able to go with a group for a sushi/sashimi/maki feast and we all love the food and the evening.  We try to go monthly as a group.With another group, twelve of us ordered dinners, and everyone thoroughly enjoyed the food.  John created a special appetizer for someone who needed glluten free food, and later her entree, which was spectacular.  Another person isn't very fond of Chinese, so John created a dish that combined roast pork and vegetables with chicken.  He asked what vegetables she liked before preparing.As he double-checked orders, he found someone ordered an entree and a second of broccoli.  He offered to add the broccoli to the first dish for yet another individualized meal.  Everyone loved their food and will be back.I learned to eat sushi at another restaurant of John's, and he has a dedicated following.  My widely traveled friend who has eaten in China and Japan got some food etiquette tips from John before one trip, and she will travel from the North Hills and Warrendale for John's food.He recently served me seaweed salad and squid.  My meetings with calamari haven't been wonderful, but I tried anyway--glad I did.  This was tasty, not chewy, and didn't look like tentacles.  Another bit of sushi for the repertoire.The restaurant is new since late February, and the menu has choices for everyone.  the food is fresh, tasty, and created as it is ordered.  Try it; you'll like it.
