2	I got a coupon in the mail for Prestige and had a couple of nicer dresses that needed cleaning that my budget drycleaner couldn't do, so I thought I'd give Prestige a shot. The lady who helped me out was super-friendly: I give her 5 stars. When I got my drycleaning back, I wanted to check to make sure the spots were removed. but I was rushed along by the attendant. When I got home, I found one dress with a note that they would "wet clean" the spot with their permission; another dress with an even bigger spot from their solution but no note; and another dress' sash with small holes from the pins they used. I took the dresses back and they were very helpful about it. They fixed the sash and got the stain out of one of the dresses. Overall, most of the service was very friendly. But the drycleaning results weren't good, especially considering the amount they charge per item. I can't believe people pay that much for their standard dry cleaning! With all the options out there, I think I'll be trying a different dry cleaner next time.
1	I've been to Prestige four to five times in the past six months and each time I've been really disappointed. The last time I dropped my clothes off there was the end of July and I've since switched to Mark's Cleaners on Shea (fantastic!). Really don't go here--there are way better options in the area.I'm not really sure what the draw of this place is. At first, I thought it was price and convenience because that's what kept me from trying other businesses. They DO have your stuff done super fast (if you drop off before 11AM it's after 5PM same day.) And since they charged me about $10/item and this was the cheaper option I had researched, I didn't want to find out what the bill would be at other businesses with a known higher price tag--think Z's Cleaners. I just figured Prestige was the only place I could afford in the area since I get my stuff dry cleaned every month or so. I even tried to use their print-out coupons when I remembered. However, my clothes were becoming increasingly worn out looking. This was a major red flag for me. Not supposed to happen with dry cleaning, right? The last straw: I had one brand new shirt come back looking as though I had put it through the washing machine. I was frustrated because it was the first time dry cleaning this item and they charged me around $10 for it (just a t-shirt but somehow the fabric can't be washed because it has a sheen to it). Anyway, I finally was too fed up to go back and felt like there HAD to be somewhere else that wouldn't cost me a fortune and did a great job. I was even willing to go to Z's and just pay the price because I felt my clothes were getting ruined and didn't feel clean.Thanks to Yelp I came across Mark's on Shea. They restored my worn out clothes in one visit AND charged me half the price. I dropped my clothes off at 11:30AM and they were done the next day after 5PM.Anyway, don't use Prestige. Your clothes and wallet will thank you.
1	Do I have to give them a whole star?This place is awful - the sad part there are so many of them around. I can't understand what people see in this place. They have broken and ruined so many buttons on shirts with no ability to repair them. Recently I brought this button issue to their attention on a dress of mine. They said they would replace the buttons. When I got the dress back they replaced about 5 of the 20 buttons and they didn't match = and yes some idiot let this garment leave the facility. Basically they make mistakes, try a half-assed attempt at fixing it and screw that up too. I ask for creased pants - that I might get 50% of the time. I keep giving them another chance - but after 10 chances - this place just needs to buy a vowel or solve the puzzle. Worst part - they are overpriced - way overpriced. Clearly you can't fix stupid when it comes to this place.
4	I really don't have complaints about this place!  They do a good job - consistently!  If there is a problem, I ask them to re-do the item and they do.  Great customer service.
1	I recently had a shit cleaned at the Intercontinental Hotel in Hong Kong. Not cheap. I only mention that because this place charged MORE to clean that suit - almost $30 for a two-piece suit after they tacked on their $6 "designer brand" surcharge (no, I am not kidding). Despite branding as "green" the suit still reeked of solvent (the green, silica-based solvents have never left an odor in my experience). No differentiation to justify these absurd prices - a lot of good alternatives in the area. Be warned!
1	Drive thru and fast turnaround are nice but not for the rip-off price of almost $8 per garment. Especially since they don't replace buttons they cracked!
