5	Great sushi for a great price! Was down here for a business trip and I've never seen such low prices for entrees and sushi that turned out to be rather good. I had a $20 dinner that probably would've cost $30-35 elsewhere. Good selection of special rolls.
5	Outstanding sushi/sashimi at affordable prices!  I have to say that this is my new favorite place to get sushi for several reasons....Not only is the food fantastic, the service is super friendly as well.  The waitress remembered us and our orders the 2nd time we went there (from the first time we were there a week earlier).  She was very nice and attentive.The atmosphere is clean and roomy, and the parking is abundant.  This place is near UNCC (very convenient for students - just a mile or two down the road).  Both times I've been here, my food has been outstanding and so very affordable.  Two thumbs up!
3	Came here and the location has been taken over by Ishi Sushi.  I didn't eat since Ishi has gotten mediocre reviews on Yelp for their previous location.
2	Oh Yelp, you disappointed me. I picked this place because I was craving some veggie sushi and hey! 4.5 stars! Must be good! Sadly this was so not the case: the reviewers must have never had any actual authentic Japanese food before.Let's start with the layout... it looks like someone revamped a Sports Bar on the inside. The closest it gets to theming the place is by having dried palms on the ceiling trim for the bar and host stand. I'm sure you're saying "but that isn't Japanese..."; you're right! But if you've been to Hawaii, where there is a decent Japanese presence, many of the restaurants are set up like that. So maybe they should start serving Hawaiian food... or invest in some interior decorating...On to the food: I had avocado and cucumber rolls. They tasted about what I would expect but the overall layout and assembly was lacking (many of the pieces were falling apart as I was picking them up). My friend had some unagi nigiri (eel); it was a terrible cut, not placed well on the rice and she couldn't bite through it. She also had some sort of average maki roll (I can't remember what specifically) and she thought it was okay.Traditionally, sushi is more than just the practice of wrapping vegetables/fish in rice and seaweed; there is a whole art that goes into it. Taiyo was definitely lacking any sort of art/plating. The photo provided for this location is deceiving: I'd be amazed if the sushi in the picture was actually from there.If you're in the mood for people watching and don't care what you're eating, that is the only way I'd recommend this place. Some of the characters that came in were over the time. If you actually want to go somewhere and enjoy the food, I'd recommend hunting around elsewhere if you want any sort of decent Japanese food.
