5	Really great food and atmosphere! The cocktails are right on target! Fun and comfortable place to hang out with friends. Great service and friendly staff. I will definitely be back!
4	First visit this evening and I must say Dustin can make a cocktail! First off, if u go on a Tuesday it's 30% off mescal (my fave spirit) as well as tequila.  All I can say is the talent behind the new Mabel's is a keeper! All around a comforting environment & in loved sitting at the bar. I have a sweet spot for a bartender to give recommendations based on my palate & this is what you will receive here.  Happy Hour is 4-7 with half-priced specialty cocktails. Please make it your next cocktail destination & see Dustin on Tue, Thu and Saturday. I can't wait to go back again.
5	Great drinks, prompt service and amazing sliders and deviled eggs!!! Just let the bartender know what you like and you're sure to get an amazing cocktail. I mentioned I liked tart drinks and preferred vodka, next thing I knew there was a magical drink of goodness sitting in front of me!!
4	I've only been in for Happy Hour/Dinner, so I'll save a 5-star review for when I return later at night.This place is very similar to "Mabel's On Main," but with a smaller food menu.Some tasty appetizers (the flatbreads are delicious), some great burgers, but not too much else.You really want to go here for the awesome food/drink specials (Happy Hour goes until 7 and includes $2-$3 beers, as well as half-off cocktails.  YUM.The place was pretty deserted when we came in, so hey, come check this place out!You kind of have to search it out, but it's worth the effort.  ENJOY!
5	This spot was recommended by a good friend and we were more than overjoyed with our overall experience. The bartenders (one of which was the GM) were very kind to us and willing to engage in conversation. Beyond their inviting personalities they are very knowledgable about cocktails and made my wifey and I both really great drinks, 2 we ordered by name and 1 was the bartenders choice. If you're looking for a place in Old Town that can handcraft a traditional or modern cocktail, The Beverly IS your place.
5	I could see this place becoming the next big thing in Oldtown Scottsdale. My friends and I had so much fun dancing here.Super classy, friendly staff, smells like truffle oil... What more could you want?Bonus points: the manager (?) blond girl... bent over backwards tracking down my credit card for me. Thank you!!!!
4	Let me start by saying this place has serious 5 star potential (in fact, I may be going back next week, so I will update). The husband and I came here for happy hour and it was ridiculously awesome. I had been here when it was Mabel's, and not much has changed here in the way of decor. Additionally, I think they kept some of the same or similar menu items. Anyway, we sat at the bar and the bartender (Meagan I think...) was awesome. She was just the right amount of friendly and attentive without being invasive. I tried their punch of the day (5$ on HH) which was a ginger beer, hibiscus, vodka, and lemon concoction that was absolutely incredibly delicious. I also tried a drink off their regular menu (6$ on HH) that was pimm's, ginger beer, and some other ingredients, which was good, but not as good as the punch. The drinks were full sized, so it was a pretty smokin deal. The husband got the magic hat beer... so good... it was like a mix between a pale ale and a hef. We also shared the mac and cheese (4$ on HH). This thing was legit delicious. It was a huge bowl for 4$ and was garlicky... almost like an alfredo. I would love to eat this again. I will definitely be back!!
1	I give it two stars because there was a SUPER long wait for everything. I'm q bartender so I get the whole waiting on everything and how long each item takes, however, I definitely didn't appreciate having to wait 45 minutes for our checks. Not including how long the food wait was. Ryan was our server and he did his best but He definitely needed help. I'm pretty sure he was the only server and definitely need help, especially when the owner is too busy talking to Cougars instead of helping his staff. Oh and the owner told us rudely we needed to move so they could have a dance floor. Not coming back.
5	I've only had a couple of very brief, mid-week, early evening experiences at the Beverly (long before the crowd grows), but I can tell you that the bartenders here are abundantly attentive, friendly, knowledgeable connoisseurs and are happy to create something just for you if you tell them what you're in the mood for (Thanks, Megan, you're a superior mixologist!.. and I'm looking forward to trying a few more of those uncommon tequilas you described).  I didn't indulge from the menu but, from what I saw, the food looked and smelled wonderful... And though the drinks aren't particularly cheap, there are some places you go to because of the environment they offer... if you want cheap drinks without regard for atmosphere, move along to the various sports bars in the area.  Its a really comfortable place with a mature, dimly lit decor and attentive staff.  What's not to like?
4	Fun bar with great staff. There are a few hidden secrets that make for an entertaining evening.
5	Beautiful decor - classy, cozy and very comfortable on a cool AZ evening!  They have a great happy hour - $5 wedge salad & 1/2 price cocktails.  I enjoyed the French 7018 and it was fantastic - gin, apricot and prosecco...how can you go wrong with that combination?  We will definitely be back for more tasty cocktails and eats!
4	We were looking for a happy hour place after an afternoon of riding in the mountains. The Beverly has hh till 7 PM so we went there. And we're so glad we did! Excellent food portions even for hh and amazing crafted cocktails that hit the spot!The service was a bit overbearing - while we were still eating and drinking a couple of servers alternately stopped by literally every 5 min to ask if we needed anything. Not sure if they were trying to get us to leave but it felt that way.
2	Wellll first time here. Probably the last.Been here 45 minutes. Food hasnt arrived. Asked the server about it. he had to ask what we ordered with a look on his face like we never ordered anything.We ordered the brussel sprouts no almonds due to a huge food allergy. We shall see how that turns out.Otherwise the atmosphere is nice.Sigh...
4	Great lowlit upscale bar.  The drinks were delicious, the music was good.  Drinks can be a little over priced.
3	I came here for dinner and drinks with a friend..They have a very small menu. I ended up ordering the filet bites. They were definitely very tender and cooked perfectly but not filling at all. My friend ordered the truffle fries which were huge!!! They came with a very tasty dipping sauce. For drinks, their menu didn't really have anything that caught my eye so I ended up getting the Parker station Pinot noir wine. This was very smooth. This is a pretty small restaurant and their menu selection is very small. After 9 they have a live dj. So it gets extremely loud. I couldn't hear anything my friend said. I Wouldn't come back for dinner. However I'd probably come back for drinks or to try their happy hour.
5	Stopped into this place while staying at Hotel Valley Ho one night. The atmosphere was perfect. Fairly dark, huge luxious booths and a very classy feel. Prices were what should be expected at a place like this. We got lucky and came on service industry night. The filet bites and French dip sliders were incredible, flatbread pizza wasn't close to their level of excellence but wasn't bad. Service was great too! Thanks for a lovely evening that my girlfriend and I shared here.
4	All the reviews that talk about the atmosphere and dimly lit environment  and old school vibe are right on target.  Think "Mad Men" meets "1950's Rat Pack" meets "trendy upscale pub".  It's all true.The appetizers are what really blew me away.  I went last night for a bachelor party/gathering and while it's true the menu selection isn't very large, what they do have is absolutely amazing.  The sliders, flatbread and wings are almost 'otherworldly'.  Very good.The staff was very friendly and attentive, the drinks were great.Will definitely be back.
