4	Just visited this place at lunch today, and I must say, as an avid Romado's fan, this place impressed me. MENUThis portuguese rotisserie counter has a good variety on offer including of course chicken (quarter, half or full) offered in standalone or meal variatioms (choice of 2 sides). PRICING:The pricing is pretty decent, though a tad more expensive than its Rachel street counterpart with a 1/2 chicken meal with 2 sides going for 9.95$. Sandwiches seem to range in 6-8$ range. Desserts for 2-4$, drinks for 1.50$-2.50$ (fountain - all you can drink or canned)DECOR:The place looks nice and brand spanking new (I'm pretty sure it opened early April) and it does solve one of its competitors main problems - it has seating! SERVICE: Nothing too crazy at this level, and that's why I'm docking a star here. Taking your order is simple enough, with your name taken down for later retrieval, though the ordering station is awkwardly place near the fountain drinks unfortunately. Next up is payment which is simple enough, but is followed by an excruciatingly long wait for such simple food order. There were 2 orders placed and waiting to be served before my colleague and I and we waited over 10 minutes for our plates to be put on our platters. This did not bode well however the food graciously made up for the wait. I'd strongly recommend trying this place out in a few weeks  when they have their order completion process down pat, and you can go from ordering to eating in no time flat.FOOD:The chicken, the coleslaw, the fries and the sauces nothing to fault a true 5 star fast food experience. It nearly reaches the excellence of Romado's, and I think given some time to fine-tune, could very well equal or surpass it as the goto portuguese chicken restaurant. ONE LAST LITTLE KNOCK:This one is more personal, but I would strongly recommend that Charcos management move away from steel cutlery and porcelain plates for those eating in and replace those with either cardboard or styrofoam boxes. The main reasoning behind this suggestion being that you are either left with tables full of dirty plates and cutlery that must be cleared by staff and emptied into awkward trash cans or have your customers to the cleaning themselves which is always a nono, even though many gracious ones will go through the trouble. Extra problems abound by having staff required for cleaning said dishes and cutlery and thereby slowing the order filling even more. Hence, please just use boxes for any order and save everyone a lot of trouble. Plastic cutlery will do just fine as I'd say most people are fine with using their fingers on this sort of delicacy.
4	Attentive service, cheap, and finally a Portuguese chicken rotisserie in the heart of downtown that is almost on par with its greatest competitor, Romados. If you're not starving, you can simply enjoy a delicious chicken sandwich with your choice of fillings. If you've got a bigger appetite then the quarter, half, or full chicken with a choice of 2 sides will be sure to satisfy your needs. They're fries are also pretty damn good!Charcos is an up and coming place, it just opened earlier this year but has the potential of working wonders with a little bit of fine tuning.
2	Meh, I really want to give this place a better review, but I have had a couple bad experiences at the place.One of those was that they screwed up my order completely.  I order a chicken sandwich with spicy sauce, lettuce, tomatoes, and onions and gave my name.  After I paid and started to bite into my sandwich I got a dose of mayonnaise, olives and corn...I was pretty surprised to say the least!Also, the service takes a really long time to get anything.  When the line is long don't bother ordering if you are in a rush.One saving grace, the natas are really good.
4	I am not a fan of chicken unless it's followed by "...mcnugget." That's just the way it is. But somehow, these guys have lured me in with their food on a half dozen occasions!The first lure was the "not-quite-so-chicken" menu options. My wife wants chicken legs or whatnot? Fine. As long as I can stick to the wraps. Better still, there's no food drama. No "do you want this or that or the other weird vegetable?" Just pick your sides and done.The second lure was the fries. Okay, even I was wondering if I was supposed to be buying fries at a rotisserie, but let's be honest - there is some great seasoning going on here. The wrap? Again, no drama. Eat, enjoy, think back to the fries again. I'm told the chicken is great..but I have my stand-by meal and see no reason to change it anytime soon.Things are not all cherry blossoms; while the first time I visited I dealt with a thorough professional who seemed to take a lot of pride in the food, on another occasion I had to deal with someone who tried to add that blasted drama, asking what I wanted in a wrap, or spice on the chicken...all things I never had to deal with before. One time the fries were not quite so fresh; the seasoning a bit more blunt, the chicken a bit more aged. (Sob. One time even the Barqs was out of order!) But I think it speaks to the appeal of the food that whenever we need food to go, Charcos comes to mind first over the traditional options. It's well priced, it's filling, and it (usually) tastes great.Just remember to speak your order one part at a time. You wouldn't want to end up with a drama plate.
2	In my previous review, I made the argument for Charcos in how they avoided the dreaded "drama plate". I ordered something interesting and it managed to taste great without any sort of micro-management.Alas, I must step down a few paces from my previous praise, because the drama has creeped back in. What used to be gourmet chicken on a budget is now a roll of the dice.The confidence from my first visit seems gone. Employees seem confused; not sure whether to charge up front or when the food is done. Or what goes on a particular sandwich. The wait time has doubled. The "wraps" sometimes use burger buns instead of pitas. The fries sometimes come without that seasoning that worked so well. It's like a roll of the dice with your twenty dollar bill on the line.Where is that Charcos we were first enthralled with? I hope it comes back soon, because I'm not sure it's worth being burned a third or fourth time by something on the production line.
3	Affordable combos-grilled chicken or a sandwich with 2 sides close to the Concordia downtown campus for around 8 bucks. The chicken is always good but the sides often lack luster (mashed potatoes from a box?). Speedy service and convenient location.
3	The chicken is nicely grilled and tasty.  The sides, however, need major improvement.  The salad was wilted and the fries were undercooked.It would also help if the staff didn't look suicidal, like they'd rather be ANYWHERE but here serving you.
4	I tried Charcos thanks to one of their Facebook promos. Had a half chicken meal with 2 sides, fries and hummus.Chicken is tasty, well cooked and seasoned well with some of their red sauce with a hint of spiciness. Fries were typical of other places, homestyle, thick cut.Their hummus is delicious although I'm not sure why that is offered as a side as I wasn't sure how to eat it. I ended dipping my fries or pieces of chicken in it but I'm usually  used to eating it with bread.Everything is reasonably priced. For ten bucks, you'll get a fair amount of food.Service was slow and a bit awkward. When entering, you're not sure where to order and once your place your order, you're sitting at the table waiting for your food to be called, not knowing when to pay. Ends up I got to pay after eating my meal and hanging there for a good hour.I was there on Saturday around 8pm and it was not busy. If it is hectic, I would imagine the service being even slower so you can't really go in and walk out with your food to go.The place looks nice and clean, marbled tables and counter top, including the bathroom. There are a couple tv screens. Free wifi.  A good location to hang out, they also serve  coffee, smoothies and desserts.
4	Great food! Piri piri sauce is amazing. Service is not the most friendly but good value for price
4	Charcos serves tasty, well-seasoned chicken, sides and fries at a fair price. You can't beat the quarter leg platter, spicy, with two sides for $8. They're busy so be clear on what you want or you may be surprised. They'll serve it to go if you're in a hurry. Well worth trying!
5	If you're in Montreal and you craving chicken, this is the place for you!! One of my top faves in downtown!Delicious food! Went there once and now im hooked! From the burgers to the chicken wings all the way to the fries.. everything is fingerlicking good! Definitely a must try place!
4	This place is located a block or two away from the art museum, so why not come here for some Portuguese chicken? The food here is really good. Musts tries are their Portuguese half chicken, the chicken breast, and their sandwiches. The Portuguese half chicken is served with a spicy Piri Piri sauce, which really brought out the flavor of the chicken. Fresh and very delicious. Plus, it comes with two sides. Try it with the rice, hummus, side salad, or even a chickpea salad. Despite the lack of air condition, the atmosphere is quite nice. Service is fine. Decor, basic and clean. A great place to go to get a quick bite of Portuguese inspired cooking.
5	I had the quarter chicken and it was quite enjoyable. I would go again for that genuine bbq taste.
