5	had a wonderful time in Vegas last week and got an incredible spray tan by Pamela at SprayTans!!!  Pamela did the most awesome spray tan I've ever had... Love love love it!!!!  I will def go back to her next time I'm in Las Vegas..Just wish she had a SprayTans here in Indiana!!!!   I highly recommend this salon especially Pamela!!!
5	My wife tried them out and looked really natural, not orange at all. I decided to give it a shot and it was awesome. Lasted me a week and made me look a lot better going to the pool. Definitely will do it again soon. Thanks Pamela!
5	This is absolutely the place to get tan in Las Vegas!  Pamela and her staff, especially Jan, are experts in their field.  Customized, gorgeous color.  Beautiful location, easy access and extremely convenient.  If you need a safe, beautiful tan- this is the place- I recommend it to everyone!!!
5	First time getting a spray tan and truly I was terrified of turning orange. That I did not! The first hour was a little bit scary since my tan was still setting but as the time went on it looked better and better. It has been 5 hrs now and so far I love it. So 5 days later and I still had a tan. I don't think my tan lasted as long as others because I was in the Ocean a lot and of course I was showering more then usual. I used a lot of sun block, sun tanning lotion, and bug spray (OFF) and it didn't affect my tan.
5	I Play Stacee Jaxx in Rock of Ages at the Venetian Resort and I have recommended This company to everyone of my cast members and every other show in Vegas. This is the Entertainers place to get a tan in Vegas no question!!! Pamela knows how to spray you, and not make you look orange. The tan looks incredibly natural!!! LOVE LOVE LOVE
5	I went here in preparation for my wedding. They did a great job! I am always worried about spray tanning and the funny looking area that always shows up around my feet and elbows. This place is different. The spray they use is such a fine mist that the spray solution didn't settle into my feet or elbows. Also they have sticky pads for your feet to completely prevent any solution from getting on the bottom of the feet or on the heels. The spray didn't smell funny at all and because the mist was so fine it dried quickly and I didn't leave feeling gross and sticky. I am really fair skinned and I went with a level 2. It looks great. Nice and natural! I will absolutely go back when I am in town.
5	I went here for a spray tan a couple of days before my wedding (11/15/14). They did a great job. It was my first time getting one done ao I had no idea what to expect. Color was great, no funky smell, no weird crease lines and there was barely any transfer on my dress on Saturday. I'd definitely go here again.
