4	I always believed that my husband and I had impeccable immune systems, if we could survive without frequently falling sick in India we could survive anywhere in this world. I didn't realise that years of staying in a first world country has programmed his system to be different. So when he developed a rash on his body I was petrified. We didn't want to go through the usual procedure of visiting a general physician and then getting referred to a dermatologist who would probably see us after two months. So I frantically called all dermatologists in and around Phoenix. Since my husband has reservations about having to strip in front of a lady doc, we chose Dr. John A. Ebner at Arizona Dermatology. Before we went there I had a premonition that we would get caught up in the American healthcare trap, the doc would get startled by the rash and put him through a zillion tests. Proving me totally wrong Dr. Ebner knew exactly what it was when he looked at him. He said that it was a viral infection, the cause is unknown but is common and it happens in spring/fall. He assured us that there was nothing to worry about. Until now I thought that all diseases were serious but I guess having minor pathological reactions to the seasons is the American way of life.
5	I have seen Dr John A Ebner on several occasions and I have been impressed by his knowledge and chairside manner. Dr Ebner always takes time to explain what it is he plans on doing and continues to explain as he does the procedures. There are never any surprises except for a follow up phone call I received from Dr. Ebner after a surgery. He stated he was just checking in to see how I was doing and reminded me of the post op procedures help with my recovery. I have recommended Dr Ebner to many of my freinds as I believe he's a doc who cares about his patients.
5	I see this doc out of the Gilbert office. He really cares about his patients. Nice guy, knowledgeable, and helpful. I have brought my whole family for various issues and have never been let down.Their billing is right on and accurate, which is great compared to other docs around here.
