5	Loved, loved, loved my facial! The immediate results are worth every penny!!! I will definitely be back :)
5	I've been getting spoiled by Vicky for about a year now. She's been keeping my fingers and toes very well manicured with gel and traditional polish. The gel trend is getting more and more mainstream and I love that Vicky keeps her color collection fresh and up-to-date. I get compliments on my gel polished manicure almost daily and I HIGHLY recommend Vicky!
5	Vicky is the best! I have been visiting her to get my nails done now for over a year and I highly recommend her. I wouldn't go anywhere else.
5	Love Vicky!!!  She can really work magic!  I've had several facial treatments by her and she did an unbelievable job diminishing my fine lines.  As a result, I've received many compliments on how beautiful my skin is and how young I appear!  She really ensures you are well taken care of and is always professional.  I highly recommend Vicky to anyone who expects and appreciates quality, personal attention and fantastic results.  She has certainly earned my repeat business!
5	I love love love love Vicky! She not only is a great person but she is great at her craft! I will never go to anyone else. Her work is thee best! I always get the everlasting mani and Im always excited to go because she has so many varieties of colors and comes up with the most artistic designs! Thanks Vicky for always making my hands look fabulous!!!!!
5	I thought I was going to have to go have horseshoes made for my hooves until I met Vicky!  I have been going to see her for over a year and she performs magic on my feet!  By far the best pedicure I have ever had.  She has a great selection of colors to choose from.  Bonus, does a great job waxing my eyebrows too... Can't wait for my first facial with her!
5	What a FIND! Finally when someone says a full service manicure and pedicure they MEAN IT! Attention to all aspects of these services, with more fun nail colors than I have ever had the lucky chance to choose from...all this, and while Vicky works her magic no strained conversation here, just natural flowing girl talk! A MUST TRY!!
5	My nails and toenails have never looked better or stayed on so long! I can literally go 3 or 4 weeks between appts. Vicky is an artist and has an amazing selection of the hottest new shellac colors. She is not in my neighborhood but since she is the best, I don't mind the drive! You won't be disappointed!
5	Amazing mani - pedi! Great selection of colors and I had so much fun chatting with Vicky as she made my fingers and toes sparkle... highly recommend!
5	Vicky is heaven sent I tell you. The compassion she shows and the sincerity in her heart just goes to show that she truly understands her work and is a true professional at what she does. I'm a cystic acne client who has suffered nearly 30 years of literally "hiding" some days. Its only been a few weeks since I've started treatments with Vicky and the results are amazing.  I feel pretty again :) :) :)  LOL.  My skin has smoothed out and I have a more even tone. The best part...I dont have to wear foundation anymore to hide redness and blotches AND I've stopped taking the meds Ive been on for the last who knows how many years. I feel FREE!!!! I trust Vicky so much, I have also purchased Peel deals and skin care regimens for my two children. My 19 year old sons confidence has gone up so much he has started going to the gym more often and wants a new wardrobe. I cant wait to see my daughters results as she just had her first treatment a few days ago. This is literally life changing for my kids and I because unfortunately they inherited my problem skin. THANK GOD we found Vicky while they are still young and have the chance to get everything under control. Confidence is so important in everything we do. I honestly feel I have a different aura and outlook on life. It feels great. I know the same goes for both my college age kids. THANK YOU VICKY!  Your the best!- Troi W.
5	Vicky had changed my life. I was suffering from adult acne and scarring - between the peel deal and Vicky's facial deal - I'm so excited and proud of my new skin :) Vicky is wonderful and friendly. She truly LISTENS to your concerns and takes her time to really meet your needs. Love love love.
5	I definitely recommend Vicky's services. She is attentive to clients, keeps up with all the latest skincare products and info, and has good customer service. I am glad I found her!
5	Vicky has been a real blessing for my skin. I originally went to her last winter for a Mani Pedi combo my girlfriends gave me for my birthday. I ended up getting the "Peel Deal" and my skin loves me for it. I can't tell you how much better I look thanks to her quick 30 minute sessions. She is always friendly, kind and very upbeat. You can't beat her pricing or her customer service.
2	I purchased the Groupon for monthly service but I can't book a session.  Is anyone else having trouble booking?  After persistent attempts I was able to get booked and found Vicky to be very attentive, just busy at times.  She tries to accommodate you, but she has a busy schedule.
5	Vicky is amazing.  My skin loves her, her facials are amazing and my eyebrows are always so pretty when she is done.  Her pedicures are beautiful as well.  She is very friendly and will work with you to get you in her schedule (if you don't screw her by not showing up for appointments!)  She is the only person in this office, so you never have to worry about getting anyone else, and her prices can't be beat.  Definitely personalized attention!! Love her!
5	Great- Vikki is  Reliable, consistent, and listens. She is so great, I am getting married in April and if we would have taken before and after pictures. What she had done is priceless!! Thank you!!
5	I found Vicky through a groupon over a year ago and am so happy I did.   She does a great job, sells quality products at reasonable prices and does her best to accommodate changes in appointment times.   I can't reconcile what I have experienced with Vicky with the 0ne star review other than to say you can't please all of the pelople all of the time.
4	Do a pca deep pigment peel with Vicky and for your nails  see LETTY!! New addition to the team and she glitted up my gel glitter mani! looking forward to next months appt! Thank you ladies!!!
2	Service has gone down hill since my last review.
5	I found Beautiful Skin and Nails through Yelp and I'm glad I did.  I booked a gel mani and gold (non-gel) pedi a few days ahead.  I used their online booking system, which I found really convenient since I could cross-check my schedule and receive an email confirmation about my appointment.This was my first gel manicure and there were tons of colors to choose from.  I chose a light teal that also matched closely with a non-gel OPI color for my toes.  I'm really loving the mani so far.  It's been 9 days without chipping, peeling, or wear at the nail edges.  I now know why gel nails are so popular.  My toes look pretty good too.  :)Both Letty and Vicky (who was doing another customer's nails) were really easy to talk to and do great work.  I just made an appointment for a facial this week, so I'll update soon with how that goes!Note: they accept credit card and happily accept tip on your card.  So no need to bring cash - yay!
5	I am SO glad I found this place online. I looked online to find a place, a place to take my friend out to. It wasn't just any nail salon, but a place where, now not to sound mean, but I needed to find a place where they speak English. I usually get my nails done in South Phoenix, but I'm tired of sitting through a place where the women who are doing my nails carry a conversation with others in a different language. Well, online, I found THIS place and there was nothing but great reviews I read! So, I tried it. Now, I took my friend out to this place for her birthday and WE LOVED IT. In fact, when we found the place, Vicky and Letty were so nice and personal. They offered us a drink and that was part of the best part of this place. My friend and I did the LAVENDER pedicure and it was by far the BEST pedicure I have recieved. It was so comforting, the chairs were massaging me to "almost sleeping", Letty was really good with our feet LOL. I enjoyed the fact that we were able to carry a conversation AND the pedicure just felt so good. I especially LOVE that paraffin wax! EVERYTHING that came with this pedicure, I absolutely loved it loved it!This place was just a tad expensive, but heck, you pay what you get! This was a pedicure spa! Then, the surprise to it was a definite sweet charm after the pedicure. You want to check this place out, it is SO WORTH IT!!! I will be going again for the same pedicure or even a manicure, it just sounds so good. Thank you Vicky and Letty for opening that NEW door to a new place to finally stay at. I am forever your #1 customer. Take care :)
3	I found this business through Groupon  and paid $99 for a full set of mascara look (35 to 50 lashes per eye I believe) lashes with a refill. The salon itself isn't horribly nice but it looks clean.  My lash artist was nice but she did not fully explain the procedure or what to expect which is something I usually appreciate when I try something for the first time.  My artist gave me the option of a diva flair which apparently has longer lashes on the edge or ends of your eyes but i opted not to do it until i got my fill the following appointment. The lashes looked nice and lasted about 3 weeks.  When I went back for my fill my original artist wasn't there so I got someone new. When I explained to her that I wanted the diva look and what my previous artist and I talked about she looked at me like I was crazy and said she didn't know what a diva look was but that she had been doing lashes for 5 years and would make sure they looked nice. They came out okay but my lashes fell off within a week so I feel this place is a hit and miss. Overall I was disappointed that my eyes didn't look very dramatic as I expected more of a wow factor but I guess that's what the mascara look is.  Sadly, I would not get services done here again. There was nothing horrible about the experience but nothing that made me want to come back either.I did buy another Groupon at Ultimate Lash and Brow in Scottsdale which I found to be a much better deal. I purchased the Queen Bee look (150 lashes per eye) with mink or human hair for $105 and I have my appointment in a few days so we will see how it goes!
2	I took another star off for this because after my appointment with Ultimate Lash and Brow I was told that the extensions I had on were fake mink or synthetic... Beautiful Skin and Nails said they were authentic mink and now that I look at the difference I can definitely tell. I feel like they should have told me especially since the Groupon I bought was specifically advertised as true mink and not synthetic.
4	Was looking for a local mani-pedi on my recent stay in Phoenix and found Beautiful Skin and Nails in a small office park just a few miles from the Biltmore. The manicurists were friendly, funny and efficient. I was in and out on time with a great looking set of nails. Easy on-line booking is a bonus.
3	I tried Beautiful Skin and Nails for the first time today. I got a gel manicure and gold pedicure from Vanessa. Vanessa was amazing and she did an excellent job. I would highly recommend her. I wouldn't recommend using the mood polish. I have tried running it under both extremely cold and hot water and the color didn't change. Unfortunately, I did not receive the 50% off first time service that is advertised on the site. I received a 20% discount instead which was a lot different than what I expected. However, Vicki called me and made sure that I got a credit/refund as soon as she noticed. ;-)I loved the online booking and charges are sent directly to your email account.
5	I can't say enough good things about Vicky and the girls. I feel like a million dollars when I walk out of the salon. Vicky is exceptional and has become my permanent aesthetician. Jenny is very fussy about getting my eyelash extensions perfect every time. I love this place!
5	I feel the need to update since my last review. Two years ago, I was frequenting Vicky's tiny room in the back of Salon 3121. Now, she has developed her own small business, complete with massage, hair, and mani-pedi beauticians! The salon itself is not very large or luxurious. It is efficient, bright and spunky- just like its owner! Is it a five diamond resort? No. But the entire salon has been out together by the hard work and vision of one talented and hardworking woman- and I truly respect that. I love going to Vicky, because she works magic on my face with high quality products, offers great deals to keep her services affordable, and is friendly and funny.
3	As soon an Vicky noticed the mistake in charge, she contacted me to offer a credit or refund. ;-)
5	I was going to Body Beautiful Day Spa and was mortified by there lack of hygiene and professionalism. The cheap products they were using gave me a rash, and when I told the owner Marlena, she was unprofessional and kind of psycho. It's hard to reason with someone who obviously isn't reasonable! Luckily I found Beautiful Skin and Nails!!!!Vicky is awesome and she knows how to provide good customer service and quality. At Body Beautiful I felt like they were providing a terrible product and were incredibly rude! I see Angela to get my lashes done and she is AWESOME.My lashes look amazing and I'm so thankful I found this gem.
5	I found Vicky and Beautiful Skin and Nails( when she was in her "broom closet" at Salon 3121) through Groupon!  10 mini chemical peels for $129.  How could you possibly lose? Never did I imagine I would find someone I would be going to for the rest of my life!  My skin has never looked better.  I have purchase many many more peel deals since and the PCA AMAZING!!.  The Skin Scripts line of products Vicky sells is wonderful!!  I am a customer for life.  Vicky is such a heartfelt, wonderful person and her new suite looks beautiful!  I recommend her to everyone!!
5	I first met Vicky when she was working out of her "broom closet" at Salon 3121. I purchased 10 mini peels for $129 through Groupon. How could you go wrong?  It was the best purchase I ever made!!  I now see her twice a month and my skin has never looked better!!  She is a wonderful, personable, caring lady and I highly recommend you stop in and give her a try!!
4	Kristen took care of my nails today.  I lived there work she did and I liked the quiet ambiance. I only didn't live the small space
