4	Malaya Kitchen is exactly what the Arboretum needs, a restaurant that isn't vanilla.  I saw the ad in creative loafing and it spoke to me.  So I wanted to go check it out.  A  modern restaurant, the portions are generous, $8 lunch specials. The waiters are all friendly and helpful.  A great little find to get your Asian on.
4	I agree... Not just the Arboretum, but Ballantyne area in general needed a more authentic Asian restaurant, rather than the fluffy "chain" type spots. This place is the "sister" restaurant to Cuisine Malaya in downtown near CPCC. So the menu is VERY similar, minus the sushi. Honestly, I heard the sushi is VERY good there, but I have only tried it once (and it was good). I cannot keep from ordering teh main dishes- and these are almost all the same at Malaya Kitchen, as Cuisine Malaya. Great food and service. So happy to be able to get their good Malasian food close to home!!Try the Char Kway Teow (like Chow Fun), one of my favorites. Oh, and the crispy or Curry duck!!
5	Good food, great ambience.
1	worst restaurant.it is no way comparable with Malaya cuisine in elizabeth uptown charlotte.The malaysian fried rice which I ordered looked like old and smelled really bad.I would never recommend this restaurant to anybody.If you want Malaysian food I will recommend the Malaya cusine in elizabeth near CPCC central campus.
4	Not sure if this is actually a sister 'rant to Cuisine Malaya in 'liz but the flavors and execution are different enough to make me wonder. If I'd have taken a breath between all the curry slurping and pepper scarfing, I might have thought to ask.Guess what I found in my bowl of curry noodles? Daun salam. A bay leaf relative - but more anisey, bitier, different. An awesome, strange nuance I always stick in my curry laksa but not to be found at our only other Malaysian joint. Made my little day, seeing that leaf, all scenting my curry with odd, tasty flava.Roti was good, if standard. Hainanese rice on the burner here, but veggies beware - chicken stock abounds. Service was comfy and attendant. If I lived closer, I'd be here regularly, but even leaves of Salam won't get my belly to agree to a 30 minute drive when the craving for curry hits...alas.
5	Malaya kitchen was amazing it was very authentic and reminded me of my time in Singapore. The Laksa was superb I asked for fiery hot and they happily accomodated me, my wife had Laksa as well and of normal spice and she loved the Laksa broth. I highly recommend Malaya Kitchen
4	On this visit, we had the chicken satay for an appetizer and thought that the peanut sauce was pretty standard. 3.5 stars. I wasn't feeling very adventuresome when it came time to order dinner, so I just got an order of chicken pad thai.  It was good, but not the best pad thai I've ever had. 3 stars. (Locally, I prefer the Thai House or Thai Orchid for this dish.)David had the coconut shrimp, which is breaded and served with your choice of brown or white rice. It also comes with a side of veggies - broccoli, carrots, etc.  The veggies were lightly sauteed and not overcooked.  His was definitely the more exciting of the two dishes, visually as well as in terms of taste. 5 stars. I would definitely like to come back and try this place again.  I have heard that they have other dishes that are not available on the "standard menu"   and I will  definitely ask about that on my next visit! Service was fast and efficient. 4 stars. I thought the prices were average - appetizers ranged in price from $2.95 - 7.95.  As for the entrees, you can find a lot of options in the $9 - $13 range, but they have several specialty dishes that run between $14- $18 each - certainly reasonable prices for dinner.
4	Four and a half stars and our favorite in Charlotte. Coming from me that means that out of some 80 restaurants this one ties for first place with Asian fusion cafe in Miami -and neither me nor my wallet are easy to satisfy! This review is long because it sums up several meals. It's easy to slam bad restaurants, not so to give proper credit to the good ones.I'd like to clear up one important issue; fusion actually means mixing the different influences in one dish. What most restaurants do is offer specialties from different cuisines and the correct term for that is Pan-Asian. Malaya is actually a Pan Asian restaurant.. I usually laugh when I see people claiming that the food is "authentic" but the first and second time we ate there we had an out of town guest from Singapore who spoke with the owner and ordered Malaysian specialties and who told us they were the real McCoy and I'll take his word for it. The thing about authentic exotic cuisine is that means some things that you and I may not be crazy about because it's not made for "us". That's what authentic is. Ok, here we go:Starters:-Popiah, Malay spring roll with fresh jicama (radish like) cucumber egg and shrimp. $2,95. I HATE spring rolls but we order this one with every meal. -Malay roll with fried tofu skin.  don't know how to describe it. Definitely different, I like it but I'm not sure everyone will.-Roti Telur, our friend liked it but I couldn't get into it-Tom Yum w/seafood soup. A Thai specialty, the best rendition of this soup I've had in years, New Zealand should copy the recipe.-Squid salad. A Japanese dish. Our guest loved it. it tasted good but I wasn't so crazy about it.Entrees:-Stir fried Okra and beef w. Belacan sauce. I didn't get into it until I asked for more sauce, then it was delish, Turns out the sauce is hot and like all Asian joints in this town they are leery of serving hot food to the locals, But now the owner knows us and we get served the authentic versions.-Duck Curry, good but no cigar. Then again I've been spoiled by yellow curry duck with minced pork , don't ask.--Beef Rendang , pungent, great taste certainly more intense than the Indonesian version but given a choice I'd choose the version that Bali Cafe offers. Noodles always a big thing in that part of the world -Char Kway Teow, pan fried with eggs, sprouts and carrots. Our guest loved them, I found them good but unexciting -- Mee Goreng, same but spicy and with scallions and crushed peanuts, That's more like it, we ordered it twice so far.-Pho Tom - Vietnamese soup with shrimp, served with fresh basil, sprouts and brown sauce on the side. Absolutely excellent and stupid cheap at $9.95 with a bowl large enough for two and plenty of medium shrim. My companion said it could have this or that .... nonsense! I was happy just sipping the broth -which had absorbed all the flavors and smells of all the ingredients- and ignoring the noodles and stuff, Did I say excellent? It's hard not to order every time but hey. Ok it takes second place to a Duck Pho that comes to mind, but mainly it's only because it doesn't have the luscious slices of duck breast.. never mind, that restaurant is 800 miles away.The owner is Malay, the help is Chinese, Vietnamese, Thai and they do a bang up job, plus other than a couple of dishes all the rest is reasonably prices, in fact dirt cheap considering the quality.
4	Lunch special last Sunday: Chicken meatballs with Ginger and Scallions $6.95. YUMMY. In spite of what the owner says it's not hot, not even mildly hot! But very tasty and mildly sweet  ( I hate too sweet food ).What can I say, next door at the Charlotte Cafe there was a 100 blue hair seniors waiting for a table. Age does not always equate with wisdom. LOL!
4	I am Thai and found the cuisine in this restaurant very similar to dishes served in Southern Thailand. My family and I have eaten here many times and it is becoming our new favorite for Asian restaurant. We found most of the dishes that we ordered to be delicious, unique, and made with fresh ingredients. We did find 2-3 dishes that we ordered not to our liking but that might just be because of our personal preferences. The price here seem higher than other casual Asian restaurant.
5	Always excellent food and service. My boyfriend and I eat here on nearly a weekly basis and have never been disappointed!
5	Looove this place.  Delicious Malaysian food near Ballantyne? Who would have thunk?! I love having a neighborhood joint that can always be depended on to satiate my cravings for char kway teow, curry, and belacan sauce.  Malaysian food is an amalgam of Thai, Chinese, and Indian influences and Malaya does all of these dishes very well.  Tip: if you want to crank up the heat ask for a side of belacan sauce.  Add it to everything if you can stand the pungent, spicy, shrimpy hotness.  It will give you special powers.  Or just really funky breath and a sheen of sweat on your brow.  Either way, it's good.  Try: chicken meatballs, roti canai, tom yum mee hoon, chili garlic duck, mee siam, curry laksa, char kway teowIf its on their specials menu, the spicy stir fried clams with chicken is a crazy fusion of flavors and texture.  It's awesome.  Order it. This is a small, casual place with friendly servers.  Inexpensive, consistently great food.
5	Awesomeness!
4	Been here once for lunch on a weekday and thought the food was tasty and portion was just right. Quick and efficient service as well.Definitely will be visiting here again... I will follow up with a more detailed review once I explore Malaysian cuisine more.
5	Oh, Malaya Kitchen. How in the world have I passed by your doors for so long after dwelling, eating and shopping in and around the Arboretum for so long? Made it in after finding another restaurant was closed on a Sunday afternoon. Boy, oh boy, am I glad they were closed! These guys are on my culinary map for good. A quaint, low-lit dining room with a few tables, bench/booth-ish seats and a full bar. We made it in around 1:30pm and were seated immediately. For you soda drinkers, know that if you order a coke, you'll get a 12oz can with a cup of ice. Kind of a bummer, but I guess it's better that limit the intake to one per meal. We started out with the Roti Telur. "Pancake" style app with egg, onions and peppers served with an incredible curry dipping sauce. There are a few potatoes in the curry sauce. Like little starch boats floating in a delicious stream of Malaysian happiness. That good. Each bite was perfect as it was drenched with the curry sauce and a little added sriracha. I saved the curry sauce for the rest of the meal!My wife had the Stir Fried Okra and Belacan Sauce. Served with white or brown rice. The sauce was spicy and smoky. It had a hint of fruitiness. Kind of difficult to pinpoint but each bite was intriguing. The veggies were aplenty among the rice and sauce. I ordered the Char Kway Teow. Malaysian pan fried noodles with red onions and bean sprouts. I ordered it with chicken. WHOA. Smoky, tender noodles with so much chicken in each bite, I'd thought there wouldn't be any left for anyone else to order! I added the remaining curry sauce to my entire plate and couldn't have been happier. Whoever discovered this flavor profile deserves a Nobel Peace Prize. I cleaned my plate. Our server was so helpful and described each dish and how it was made. Very nice and so happy! The prices are very, very fair for lunch. We ate for just over $20. Can't go wrong in that department. Thanks, Malaya Kitchen. We'll be back soon and very soon. Cheers!
4	In full disclosure, I have only had one thing here. The malaysian lo mein, spicy, with shrimp. It's so good that I can't bring myself to order anything else. So sad but true. However, my husband has had several things from here including the curry duck which really was amazing (i tasted it). He also likes the pineapple fried rice. Good food but not much for atmosphere. I usually do takeout.
4	I'm not sure how I ended up in this part of town, but I let my Yelp app randomize for me. I said one $ and sort by highest rating. After excluding a fast food place, Malaya was the top. Now, I know NOTHING about Malaysian food. In fact, I'm not even sure I know where Malaysia is on our big planet. But after eating this meal, I need to find out more.I stuck to the specials menu and ordered the "Malaya Roll" which turned out to be ground chicken in a pastry roll that was fried to a crunchy goodness and served with a sweet chilli sauce. I ate all of it and then dipped the garnish cucumbers into the sauce too.For my main, the Hong Kong Duck Soup caught my eye. When it arrived, it was a massive vat of dark colored broth with noodles, veggies and probably half of a duck sliced into bits. It took a little while until it cooled enough to eat but when it did, OMG yum. Deep flavor in the broth and the noodles were just perfect al dente and the bok choi was nice and tender. The duck. Oh, the duck. Tasty, meaty and all too many more adjectives that need to go here to describe a great meal. Check the picture I posted!I opted to skip dessert, instead finishing the Chinese beer I had ordered.Great service sitting at the bar. My only complaint is not their fault - my cell phone could barely get a 2G signal. :-(
5	I went here based on a Yelp search and was really blown away. This is in the back corner of a sprawling strip mall, but really worth checking out. The flavors are great, service quick and inexpensive. Highly recommend!
5	Excellent food. Definitely try out the curry dish! The service here is fantastic. We do takeout from this restaurant usually ordering the curry laksa. The food is always ready within 10 minutes of placing the order. The roti canai is to die for.
3	Maybe because I have worked in and out of Malaysia, but my wife and I were disappointed. the food was nothing special and they appear to be trying too hard by adding Japanese and Chinese dishes to the Malaysian.Service was very nice.  Prices were OK, in fact cheap which accounts for the rave reviews.Would not come back.  Gave it three stars because most people will not know just how badly they do Malaysian food.
5	OMG! We live in the Steele Creek area so we stumbled upon this place on accident while hungry and in the area for another reason. I will definitely say this, I will drive the 14 miles to eat there any time. The noodle soup that I ate made me weak in the knees, it was THAT good. Also, usually when you tell a restaurant you would like it EXTRA spicy, they wimp out and bring you something vaguely resembling spicy, but not this place. We said make it super spicy and the waitress said, "how about medium?" She talked us into going medium and bringing more chili sauce in case it wasn't hot enough. Thankfully we listened. Medium is PERFECT, and by that I mean very spicy! We loved it!Amazingly wonderful food, exceptionally friendly and attentive wait staff and seriously very reasonable prices. We will go back a million times, we were THAT pleased.
4	This review should stand as a testament to the good taste of my fellow Charlotte Yelpers and the integrity of their reviews. If Malaya Kitchen and the reviews they've earned here are representative of Yelp as a whole- and I think they are - then the system works! So feel free to pat yourself on the back, raise a self-congratulatory glass of local micro-brew and allow me to explain.When I came here about 2 years ago for dinner with my mom, we were NOT impressed. I remember the service was amateurish and the food was as bland as Norwegian cuisine adapted for recovering stomach surgery patients. But I'm a strong believer in second chances, especially if, as was the case then, they're new and still working out the kinks. Two years and 4.5 stars later I figured they must be doing something right. It just so happens they're doing just about everything right!A couple weeks ago I went with my girlfriend and mom and we all left very happy. For starters, the service has improved considerably. But the food is where the greatest progress has been made. My mom got the Basil Flavor Chicken. While not the first thing I'd order, the chicken was very tender and flavorful and served with a generous portion of vegetables. Well worth getting if you can't handle too much heat. My girlfriend's Curry Duck was likewise, colorful and full of flavor. I think the duck should've been a bit crispier. But if your food is gonna go soggy, I can think of a lot worst culprits than coconut milk and spices. As for my choice, the Curry Laksa...my god. I want to live in it! It's a gargantuan bowl of vegetables, noodles and your choice of meat in a spicy coconut curry broth. I suspect tyrants and despots the world over may just find the answer to hunger strikes in its heady aroma. All the lofty, idealistic political or religious goals in the world would just melt away with one intoxicating whiff of this otherworldly stuff. I only fear I'll never have the willpower to order anything else.
5	D iverse menuA ttentive serviceM enu options for adventurers and the not-so-muchN ot a whole lot of $$G racious staffO ver-the-top roti telurO n point menu adviceD electable food
3	Okay so I live practically behind this restaurant and late Sunday night we were going to see Iron Man 3 at the Cinebarre and we were too early. So instead of waiting we decided to eat at one of the local places. Malaya Kitchen had amazing reviews so that's where we ended up. Since we didn't want to eat too much or take too much time we decided to try 3 of their appetizers. We had the Malay (Chicken) Satay; pot stickers; and the Malay Roll.  So first things first the pot stickers were just okay. They were too under cooked for my taste. I like a good sear on mine and these did not have that. They were large and well stuff (the filling has chicken not pork) but again just okay for me. It ranked in the middle for me as far as the dishes go.  I didn't really want to order the Malay Roll but my friend wanted to try them... he however didn't read the description very well and didn't realize they were wrapped in tofu skin. I'm not a tofu fan, like at all, but I decided I'd give it a try as I'm always open to new things.  He really liked them, I however did not!! The sauce that came with them was good though, actually all of the sauces with each dish were amazing. First turn off was how it looked (really unappetizing although I won't tell you exactly what I thought it looked like haha). Otherwise it just wasn't something I liked, but like I said my friend really liked it so it's purely a subjective point of view. They didn't make it poorly I just don't have the taste for it. Lastly was the Malay Satay which is probably the best I've had in a long LONG time. It was by far both of our favorite dish!The staff was extremely nice and attentive especially considering we came in an hour before they were closing.  I will definitely be coming back to try out their main dishes and re-review!!
4	Location: In the arboretum by Le Peep breakfast restaurantAmbiance: low-lit, few seating, seating wraps around like an L. Some by the entrance and then some that are perpendicular that goes pretty deep into the restaurantFood: 4/5, pretty decent presentation and large portions. Flavors are pretty richService: Very courteous staffFood turnaround speed: AveragePrice: Fair**If you want Thai, Chinese or Singaporean dishes, they've got you covered. Better than the typical Chinese takeout, it has a pretty cool ambiance. Above average food but not earth shattering.
4	Malaya Kitchen is one of those great spots that I would be missing if it weren't for Yelpers! Thanks all! Malaya Kitchen is a wonderful little gem in the Arboretum.  It's cozy and comfortable and the servers are so helpful.  You can tell they love explaining their dishes to newbies.  My hubby and I had the Malay Roll - it's seasoned ground chicken rolled up in tofu skin and deep fried - it's served with a sweet-chili sauce and it was delicious.  It reminds me of a Chinese-Filipino dish, called Kikiam, I grew up with and it brought back some really nice memories.  We also had the Hainan Chicken  - it's poached chicken served at room temperature with the most amazing rice! And last but not least, we had the Char Kway Teow   - pan fried noodles - oh my - so good.Can't wait to go back! And their hours fit folks who tend to eat late - they close at 11:00 PM Mondays -Thursdays, at 12:00 Midnight on Fridays and 10:00 PM on Sundays.
4	Roti was excellent - as always!Great service!
3	In the middle of the Arboretum, surrounded by Chili's, Wal-Mart, and the Gap, this place is a nice and unexpected Asian restaurant. It's received some pretty great reviews. Creative Loafing gave a nod and recently the Charlotte Observer included it in a map of ethnic eats (just a side note: the map's a fun little resource for finding foods of every background). The digs are nice, and while the accolades are good, I didn't find it to be something to write home about.We got Char Kway Teow (pan-fried flat noodles) with vegetables, which had a deep pork flavor, topped off with grilled vegetables and bean sprouts. I'd love to find out how to make it. Thai food fans will like the mee goreng, a spicy noodle dish with chicken. It's topped with chopped peanuts, has a nice crisp taste from garlic and bean sprouts, and leaves your lips buzzing with spice. I liked a few bites, but it was kind of oily, and my eating subconscious kicked in: "Mr. Werner, there is too much oil here."The service was the best part: the staff were very friendly and chatted with regulars who stopped in to say hi. I also really liked this giant painting of a Malay town on the wall to the left of the entrance.I'd like to try out Cuisine Malaya, the other Malaysian restaurant on the list. I liked what I tried, but I want to seek out an even better option.
5	Malaya Kitchen is incredible. I'm so glad that I found this delicious little gem. I am simply addicted to the Curry Laksa. I've come in enough that they know me...and what my order is. They are friendly, and everything that I have tried has been phenomanal.
4	Great service.  Great food.  Never a wait.  Good size portions.  Excellent vegan and vegetarian options.  These guys really know how to cook tofu.  This is one of the best Asian restaurants in town.
4	One of my favorite asian restaurants. Try the Mee Goreng (Indian Pan fried noodles)...It is very good. Don't be afraid to order it "Extra hot" if you like a bit of spice!!
5	Very unusual for a restaurant at the arboretum. Definitely a keeper!The good:- authentic Malaysian food- nice variety in the menu- Singaporean beer- very attentive and friendly staffThe bad:- Chinese music- couldn't try all
5	Tried this place on a whim and it was fantastic.  Our waitress was very nice, great about checking in on us, keeping waters filled, etc.  The food came out quickly and the portions were very generous for the price.  The pineapple fried rice with chicken was awesome.  The Beef Rendang is probably one of my favorite dishes and it's just delicious here.We've also gotten carryout and the food is equally as good and they do not skimp on the portions.  FYI, when I recently went to pick up carryout, there was a sign on their door stating they will no longer be open on Mondays as of 05/19/2014.
5	I am not from Charlotte NC, so when my wife and I came across this place it looked like any asian fusion place I haved been to in the passed. But the food here was so so good. The heat level was just right for my taste which is pretty hot. My wifes dish was very good as well. I had Rendang beef and would come back just for that dish again
5	Tried this place based on Yelp reviews and I was thrilled with the quality and taste of this food. I had the tofu and veggies with brown sauce. Very tasty. My husband had mango chicken and it was too sweet for me personally, but it was well-prepared. The service was good and reasonably quick. The restaurant was a great choice for lunch. We were in and out in about 45 minutes.Very healthy and good.
5	Last Saturday my husband and I were "cruising the town" looking for a bite to eat. We noticed about 5 or 6 different restaurants along that side of the Arboretum. Most of the places had their menus on the outside and nothing really appealed to us. This place kind of had a cool looking sign so we walked in and asked to see a menu. The ladies at the front of the restaurant were so welcoming. We decided to go ahead and stay for dinner. My husband ordered a ying ling... and they served it in a "COLD GLASS"  how awesome is that?! For an appetizer we got the crab ragoon, which I have to say was excellent. Normally from take-out Chinese places it's usually frozen and deep fried on ordering. These weren't the usual triangle crab ragoons that you see at most places, but the blossom ones. Super Yummy! They serve them with some duck sauce. For entrees he got Mee Goreng which he loved. I thought it tasted like there was some dill in it. Not a big dill fan myself, but he loved it. I got my favorite which of course is a Pad Thai. Very yummy. Their Pad Thai is very plain though not a lot of extras. The food was delicious and we'll be back again for sure, but I LOVED the service!! Those ladies bust their butts to make sure you have a great meal. You have to love eating at a place that values their patrons that much.
3	The Mee Goreng and the Pad Thai were good enough to justify a return visit, but the Mango Scallop dish was disappointing due to over cooked, chewy, previously frozen scallops. When we asked the waiter if the scallops were fresh or frozen, he seemed to not know. I will return, but I'll avoid the seafood.
4	I had the Mee Goreng with chicken and it was very tasty. I would recommend this dish to anyone who loves Asian food. The Indian pancakes with the curry dipping sauce were really good too.
5	Simply the best General Tso's Chicken I've ever had!  Spring rolls were great as we'll.This will become a favorite lunch date spot for years to come!
2	One other review said best general tso's chicken...I can't disagree more. It was sticky sweet - zero spice. I was hoping to find a good Asian restaurant near home, still looking.
2	The Service:Friendly and prompt. Awesome job.The Setting:Looks like a fast food place with a bar and Asian-ish touch. It has TV and clean restrooms.The Food we ate:-Love how the salad was crispy fresh...but the salad dressing ruined it...ick.-The calamari looked different (like puffballs), but they actually tasted better than I expected. The sauce that came with it complemented it.-The summer roll and its sauce was ok...not that good, but not that bad either.-My teriyaki chicken was a bit a bit dry with very little sauce on it. If they added a bit more sauce, it would've been perfect. It still tastes good though. The veggies that came with it was perfect.-My hubby's basil beef tasted like a regular stir fry. And let's just say we shared my teriyaki chicken instead.
5	We eat here about once a month and get the same thing everytime!  I love the Char Kway Teow with shrimp, the noodles are delicious.  My husband thinks his General Tso's chicken is the best, with just the right amount of heat! The service is always friendly and prompt. The food is always served hot. It's a little gem of a place tucked away in the Arboretum!
3	The service is friendly and efficient and the location is absolutely wonderful. If you're craving Asian fusion and you're near the Arbo, definitely stop by!I've only ever gotten the pad thai here and to be honest it was a little too sweet and too artificially red for my personal taste. However, given the paucity of Thai choices in the area, this is a decent place to get your Southeast Asian fix!
4	The food is real good and not pricy.The service is also good.i have tried below food items all are delicious.Kyaroti/Grilled chicken/banana flavored ice cream/singam Thai beer.
4	The food is delicious! I've only eaten inside once for dinner with a party of 5 and the service was great. I tend to get take out from here since its convenient. The food is always ready when I get there. I always get the Pho because I'm obsessed. They have other good dishes too.
5	One of the few Malaysian restaurants around the Queen City. Very vegetarian friendly. The Veggie Hot - n - Sour Soup is to die for! Family owned and operated. Great service!
5	Tried this place while in town doing some Christmas shopping. Fantastic. Every part of the meal was great, the staff was friendly and awesome. Calamari was perfectly cooked, and the curry was top notch.
4	This is a really good find in the Arboretum! I have a gluten allergy and they are good about meeting my needs. I really enjoy the Satay and the Char Kway Teow. Beef & chicken are both yummy. Their food is consistently good and I would definitely recommend them for a casual dinner, date-night, dinner with kids, or takeout.
