4	It was purely by accident that my friend and I stumbled upon this restaurant.  He had an Enjoy book coupon for D'Amico's that he wanted to use and I, having dined at D'Amicos (it wasnt good), had been dragging my heels about going back to D'Amicos.  We were really surprised when we arrived at found that D'Amico's was now Vino's/Ilario's Trattoria but we decided since we were there--why not try it out.We walked in through the Vino's Bar door--the dining room is on the left side and there is a bar on the right hand side.  D'Amico's bar has a group of gnarled old men who have been regulars sitting on the same bar stools for the past 25 years and they dont want you there.  As soon as you open the door, all the conversation in the bar stops an they turn and look at you.  And they are NOT welcoming. They really need a sign indicating which door is for the dining room.  Had I not previously dined at DAmicos and didn't know the dining room was on the left I probably would have walked right out of the bar.  I hope their management sees this; maybe they could do something about this.  The bar is actually really cute inside but ...Id be scared to drink there.Anyway--lets talk about Ilario's Trattoria/Vino'sThis is not a 4 star restaurant but they get 4 stars from me because I loved the food and the atmosphere and the prices were great.The dining room has had a complete overhall and it's cozy and romantic with exposed brick and murals.  We were seated right away.  Given the look of the dining room I was afraid dinner was going to be very expensive but everything on the menu seems to be $15,95 and comes with a salad and a side.I had the scallops which were pan seared just right and served in a lemon garlic sauce.  It was pretty damn good.  My friend had the seafood linguini with red sauce.  It was packed with seafood and excellent.  I highly recommend both dishes, and the mussels.  We had beer with our dinner and i was surprised it was only $3 a beer.Prior to our entrees they brought out crusty bread and olive oil which was fantastic and a little doughy, which is exactly how I like it.I highly recommend you try this restaurant out, and strongly urge you--use the door on the left side!
4	This place was great four of us had mussels and bruschetta for apps, the red sauce on the mussels was to die for. For main course ( lunch) we had small pizza ( being form California this was actually a medium) and their linguine with clam sauce both was great with a lot of flavor. If I lived here this would be my to go to restaurant every chance i get.Talking to the chef/owner later they just took over the restaurant 3 weeks ago, keep up the good work. Only fault I could find 4 stars instead of 5 I thought the waitress although great could be brought up to speed on the pasta dishes
4	No long drawn out story,  I personally like the place it was once an Italian Restaurant but that has now changed. This place has amazing specials for everyday,  from $3 absolute on Saturdays too $3 pinnacle drinks on Friday. Dj on the weekends, the crowd is decent not a place that I would call seedy for sure. The menu is good with decent prices and the food is fresh,  I give this place a thumbs up and hopefully I hope it stays that way.
