5	This is where we learn pole dancing. It's an ultimate fitness, it's like doing pull-up and dancing at the same time. I am registered for 8-week level 1 classes with Isabelle on Sundays. I've been to 3 classes so far, and the instruction is really good. We have several girls in the class, and it is good to have same people each time, and develop some kind of comradeship. Isabelle is such a patient and encouraging teacher, she herself is an amazing pole dancer. This is in a gay village, fun part of the city (I like that nobody will hit on me on the street - I feel self-consious walking to pole dance studio sometimes.). I like this studio better than Pole Fitness Montreal, which is near Jean Talon Market (above a bar). - I've been there 3 times, they only have drop-in classes. Both places have charms but I really love alternative fitness. I feel very safe there, and the teacher speaks very fluently both in English and French, and she will explain things, in easy terms, and any difficult moves, she will break them down into something we can slowly build up.I feel I am getting into shape fast with this. Building upper body strength very well. Back, arm, shoulder etc...Alternative Fitness also has drop-in classes, which I didn't try yet, but on Sundays, they are so popular and some people had to go back home due to limited capacity. (12 poles only)The class is open to everyone, but so far I only saw females, most of them in really good shape, and I am inspired.
4	A group of friends and me came here for a Bachelorette party. Seems to be a big thing now to include pole dancing in the bachelorette festivities - we were the 2nd of 3 parties to be attending pole dancing that day! Upon arriving at the building, it looks very unassuming (read: grungy) from the outside; when we walked in, expecting a reception/waiting area, we happened to interrupt the class in session, and seemed to have embarrassed a few of the girls mid pole-swing. There really isn't much room to sit and wait, so we unfortunately had to wait outside in the wind for the next 20 minutes until our session was to begin. Once we went back in, the only area we could use to change was a back make-shift change area (a corner with a curtain drawn) and a bathroom. The dance floor itself though was well cared for though. The instructor we had was very nice and accommodating, and skilful to say the least! She had fluidity and everything seemed effortless! Those who wished were permitted to drink during the class (being on antibiotics I could not partake in the imbibing). The instructor was patient with us and just let us have fun. Overall, it was a fun experience, and has given me a newfound appreciation and respect for pole-dancers; it's definitely not as easy as it looks! I was sore for over a week afterwards!!It was a really fun experience, and made for some good laughs and memories :)TIP: I would suggest wearing shorts (easier to hold onto the pole) and go barefoot!
5	dont be put off by the absence of reviews or photos. i really really wish i had snapped a couple while i was at the studio. Alternative Fitness is a great studio with wonderful instructors and if i ever get the opportunity to live in montreal, id gladly make this my regular studio. (I was in montreal for a short vacay and wanted to check out studios. i went to this one and milan pole dance studio. i actually preferred alternative fitness because the poles at mpds were all spin aside from one which was static. & my pole background is that ive been doing it for a bit over half a year, & ive tried studios in boston, la, & now montreal)!Basics:+ Studio: clean, mirrors for students, clean bathroom, cubby to place your belongings, air conditioned, nice hardwood floors, everyone i met there (students included) were nice and welcoming+ Language: class is taught in french but the instructor switches to english for folks like me who cant speak french!+ poles: static (though i do believe that they can be switched to spin). and there are 40mm, 45mm, and 50mm poles. + Instructors/Classes: Eloise and Alix are both awesome. They're great at structuring each class as a group while also catering to individual students depending on the level. open pole, wod (workout), and level 2 were great. totally got my butt kicked in the workout class. and the service/management of students is great; Alix was late to the open pole because she was sick, and insisted that i not pay for my class - knowing that i was only in montreal for a short visit, and continuing to give me great advice for the remainder of the class!- only downside is that the website doesnt allow students to purchase classes online, though maybe i didn't do it correctly.
