3	In most cities, I'll foot the bill for a grown-up hotel.  But I've been coming to Phoenix with friends to see baseball for years, and for some reason we keep the Motel 6 tradition alive.  And this (the one in Scottsdale) is the Joe Dimaggio of the area's Motel 6s.I've tried the Motel 6 on Bell Rd. in Phoenix, and police stormed the room next to ours one morning.  They also seem to have implemented a permanent program to give mentally incapable people jobs at the front desk.  If you get your room key within an hour of driving up, it's a Christmas miracle.And I've tried one in Tempe, and while there were no police, I'm pretty sure there were drug deals in the parking lot.Hooray for Scottsdale Motel 6!!  Tom Bodett, you got this one right.  It only has the regular Motel 6 problems (e.g., tv remote doesn't work, smoky non-smoking rooms, leaky faucets).  And it's dirt cheap considering the upscale neighborhood.And yes, Tom, the rooms look great when I turn out the lights!
4	When you think of Scottsdale lodging you think W Hotel, Valley Ho, Royal Palms, Motel 6. What? Motel 6 you say? Yep. You betcha! We needed a room close to Devil's Martini before and after our VMarie event Saturday. We would not be spending much time in our room nor would we enjoy any luxurious amenities, as we would be spending most of our time at the event. I passed by this Motel 6 when I first moved here and was struck by it's neat, retro charm. So when NTUIT booked a room at this motel, we were totally on board. The rooms are tiny! Reminded me of a dorm room. And that's not a bad thing as I actually lived in a pretty swanky dorm. This room was spotless and had of all things, new wood floors. A first for me in any motel/hotel/resort. Never one to use ANY hotel comforter, I brought my own bankie! (Yes that's baby talk for blanket...I call it my bankie...don't judge!)...however, I was struck by the newness of these comforters. And yes, they were hideously ugly in every way. We paid $50 for our little staycation room, enjoyed a nice shower and the pool the next day. We parked right in front of our door and brought along our little Emilie as pets are allowed. I can still hear the clickity clack of her nails on the wooden floors. Located in the shadows of Fashion Square and blocks from Oldtown Scottsdale, I would most definitely recommend this to visitors looking for modest digs. Or for fashion designers, performers and emcees needing a close place to crash after a magical evening of fashion and music down the street.
2	Whoa, I got a room for the Internet price of $37 dollars a night, but was I in for a surprise.  The toilet quit working in the first room.  Twice, I had to put my hand in the tank to adjust the flapper, because it was stuck.  Additionally, the fluorescent light was flickering and about to go out, so I had to leave that light out.I got another room and behold the toilet does not work again.  Good thing, I am pretty good at fixing things, so I adjust the toilet so that I works again.  I also found out that the wire in the cable TV was broken, so I was able to rewire the cable for them.  However, the housekeeper juggled the cable and I had to rewire the cable when I came back.  The rugby players were drunk and noisy, so bring earplugs.  After years of traveling, I always bring earplugs.On the up-side, the price was dirt cheap and you are next to the Fashion Mall, which must be the biggest shopping center in the Phoenix Scottsdale Area.  I notice the Scottsdale PD checking license plates each morning.  Next time, I will bring my tools to help them repair the facility.I did receive a nice apology (obviously an autoresponse e-mail) from Annalyn Rhodes, who is their General Manager.
1	I don't even know where to begin - this place is downright awful. From quality of 'management' to condition of the rooms, Motel 6 Scottsdale is truly a dump of a hotel in every sense of the word. Not only was my bed infested with living bugs, but the shower was broken, and green mold was all over the baseboard. When I asked the 'manager on duty' (heavy set, tattooed gentlemen named Michael) if he was aware that his rooms were infested with insects, he started laughing and accused me of making the whole thing up. I proceeded to return to my hotel room to photograph the bugs to prove I was being truthful. Michael continued to giggle and said "Sorry, nothing I can do." I then demanded my money back, which Michael initially refused to offer. He finally refunded my money after I threatened to take Motel 6 to small claims court. All I can say is, whoever the 'real' GM of this particular Motel 6 is - you need to take a long hard look at the quality of employees you hire. This experience will keep me from staying at any Motel 6 ever again.
1	Bed BugsStayed here for a few nights. The room and bed seemed very clean for a motel. A/C worked fine. However the following week I my legs where covered in bed bug bites. So stay away.
4	So pleasantly surprised!My boyfriend and I were in a pinch.  Our reservation at a fancier hotel fell through when we decided last-minute to travel with my big dog. We called Motel 6 from the city limits, ready to stay anywhere that allowed pets. The staff was friendly, the room was clean (although it was on the small side), we saved a lot of money, and the location is great! We were so happy to find out we could walk downtown and we had so many restaurants to choose from. The icing on the cake was that the building shares a lot with an excellent little breakfast place (The Original Pancake House, definitely check them out).So why just 4 stars? Small room and a fee on the wi-fi. Other than that, no complaints.
5	This hotel is cheap cheap cheap, and it is clean clean clean, with a pool and a hot tub that are also very nice.  If you are just looking for a place to sleep and drop your things and get a hot shower...no need to pay more for a place in Scottsdale if all you want to do is explore the area and spend your money on exploring and eating great food from the local restaurants.I see some negative reviews about this place on here but I didn't have any problems with the room and it suited me and hubby just fine!  No frills, but comfortable stay. BYOB! Cheers!
2	Pretty typical Motel 6: room doors open to street, thin walls, sliver of soap in shower, polyester bed spreads covered in DNA, old school-fat-butt TVs, druggies/skanks roaming around in all their shady glory, and DICKHEAD security who cop attitude when a guest (moi) asks to be rescued from the locked pool area at 5am-ish. Seriously. You're just an un-armed security guy working part-time for minimum wage - get over yourself.Motel is cheap and great location - mall is next door and so close to Old Town for night action.
4	I'm giving this place 4 stars because of where it is and the friendly service we get there. My wife and I have stayed there four times visiting my sister and love the location. It's a quick walk to Old Town, restaurants, shops, galleries, etc. A longer walk to Camelback, but I'm not hiking Camelback because I want to relax. The rooms, bathrooms, pool and everything else is clean. And there's a woman who's there every year and is very friendly and helpful to us. It's much appreciated. It's a Motel 6 so you know the deal about the facilities and luxuries they don't have. I don't go on vacation to hang out at the motel anyway. Great price for a great location!
3	Neat as a pin, and our non smoking room was not stinky at all, as so many are. Room is so small you have to skootch around beds, but a decent place to crash. Fees for wifi is just stupid, opted out of that. Pretty close to everything, but we just needed a place to crash for the night. Pet friendly!
3	This is a great location for Motel 6, it's close to local establishment and bars. They are currently remodeling rooms.  The rooms have a clean slick look to them.  Rooms are clean and tidy.Pros:All the lights workNewly painted roomComfortable bedSoft pillowsRemolded bathroomFlat Screen tvWorking ACCoffee pot Cons: Room is sort of on the small niceWood floors, no carpet, which I guess is easier to keep cleanTV had a weird set up to it.Not a bad place to stay. Front desk was friendly and helpful. Again you get what you pay for, except The Four Seasons but pay for Motel 6 , expect to be let down.
5	Recently remodeled, looks great. My dogs are welcome, and they love it. Staff is always friendly and courteous. Great location, walk to the mall for some shopping!
5	Price, location, cleanliness, cheap, comfortable. I didn't see any problem the tv was a flat screen with computer and hdmi hook ups. Only thing I can say that wasn't good was: no alarm clock and no local, affordable restaurants. Great bang for your buck!!
3	Stayed here last Saturday night. Think they did get some sort of facelift since last time I stayed with them.We were in Room 132 and it had the "modern/contemporary/minimalistic" vibe in a Motel 6-type of way. My friend and I got a smoking room which made us and our clothes smell like a dirty ashtray, but other than that - it served its purpose: to avoid a DUI!
2	Stayed at the hotel because it was close to Old Town. When we arrived, it was an easy check-in and the room looked pretty nice (updated styling, furniture, and bathroom).The location is great. Not as close as hotel indigo or the W, to old town, but still pretty close.Now the bad: The bed was terrible. Not comfortable at all. The pillows were crappy too. Didn't sleep well. Once we got to sleep, we were woke up with construction noise. The hotel desk attendant said that the parking resurfacing construction was done but they were working on it bright and early at 6am! As if the hotel didnt have any control of when they worked.. Then we got called right after trying to get back asleep to move our car.Not satisfied after a night out on the town. If you are looking to relax and sleep in, go to indigo or the w.
1	This place gives the police a list of names that the rooms are booked under, so if u have any outstanding warrants for not paying a traffic ticket you will want to take care of that first or they will take you in. Just sayin.
5	This is the best Motel 6 I've ever visited.  $50/night in Scottsdale, and the rooms look great - new, European furnishings.  I asked to be in the back, and it was super-quiet.  This place is awesome.
