5	I located Dr. Levins via my health provider's physician listings.  I did a search for doctors within 5 miles of my home zip code of 85251 and it returned nearly 500 results, and when that happens - I look for a Wisconsinite.  While Dr. Levins may have not grown up in Wisconsin, he earned his degree at the Medical College of Wisconsin, and that was enough for me.  For the record, this strategy of locating Wisconsin-trained physicians hasn't failed me yet - in any region of the country I've lived in.  I know its a funny way of locating doctors, but I'm a funny guy...The purpose of my visit was very general, as I hadn't had a basic checkup in a long time, however Dr. Levins was thorough - more thorough than any doctor I've visited has been in a very long time.  We spent a great deal of time just talking - about my prior medical history, my current lifestyle habits, as well as my overall mind-body state.  He shared personal insight as we discussed my health, and I found it extremely helpful.I will be keeping Dr. Levins as a primary care physician as long as keep myself in this valley.  He is someone I know I can trust, and he is a great listener.  He goes into great detail when discussing physiology, and answered all my questions in an easy-to-understand manner - which many physicians don't do, or do with great reluctance.As of this review, Dr. Levins is accepting new patients.  If you need a doctor in the Old Town Scottsdale area, give him a try.
5	Basing a doctor choice on a single 5-star review may be a bit risky, but G-dammit that's how I roll. Peter is hands down THE BEST doctor I have been to. He took the time to actually do an assessment of my health, not just the old "well you look healthy, how do you feel?" His practice (especially during the summer) does not appear to be overly crowded, they can usually schedule you week of, and they appear to be very well organized. Peter even has a tablet PC, which as a techie, I think every doctor should have glued to one of their hands. When I went for a followup to get vaccinated for my upcoming trip, he pulled up the CDC website, asked very well thoughtful questions about my travel plans, and went over all the medication/vaccinations with me noting the possible side effects they might have. For the first time in my life I have lucked out and found a great doctor. Now to find a dentist.....
5	I have had the pleasure of treating Dr. Levins' patients, and his compassionate concern with quick replies regarding his patients is pleasantly surprising. As a physical therapist, I am always happy to have referrals from a competent caring doctor. --Jeff Juraska, PT.
5	Dr. Levins has been my primary care physician for the last three years, and he has been fantastic.  Every time that I go in for a check-up, it is an enjoyable time.  The staff are friendly, and it does not take a long time to be seen by the doctor himself.If you are looking for a good doctor who will take care of you and actually care about your needs, come give Dr. Levins a visit.  I'm sure you will find him one of the best doctors that you have ever seen.
1	This review has nothing to do with Dr.Levins. I never met him, so I can not say how good of a doctor he is. But based on the other reviews, he must be great. This review is about his staff. And only his staff. Let me begin with why I was looking for a doctor. I had severe pain in my lower back. A burning kind of pain. Quite unpleasant. Basically if I was not standing or sitting at exactly 90 degrees, I was in heaps of pain. And this occurred over Labor Day weekend. So I could not call and get an appointment on Monday. And yes, I knew I could have gone to a walk in clinic. but I needed to find a primary care doc since I will be staying in AZ for awhile. So I thought I could kill two birds with one stone. So I read all the reviews on Yelp. Thought this is the guy for me and went on Tuesday. And then it began.....I walked in and  up to the window (now remember I am in a lot of pain) and the woman behind the window just stares at me. No hello, hi, howdy. Nothing. Just a pissed off stare. So I break the ice with "I would like to see a doctor". Her response "Appointment?". I told her I did not have one since I only needed to see the doctor because of some pain I had over the weekend and the day before was a holiday. All I got was "no" and she left her chain and walked away. Then another woman showed up. Even more snarly then the one before. And she said "Do you have an appointment?" and I repeated "No. but can I make one or see the doctor, because I am in pain". Is what I meant to say, what came out was "no" before she interrupted and said "Dr.Levin cant see you today, how about another doctor in the afternoon". Well, I was in pain so I couldnt wait till the afternoon. And after all that I just wanted to leave. So I did. Here is what they did wrong: 1. No gretting - it is called basic human empathy. For f*cks sake say "Hi" before your rude to me2. Never inquired why I was there or if I was in any pain. Your a doctor's office, I am not there for chit chat. 3. Never tried to help me find another doctor to visit. This could only have happened if they asked more questions then appoint time. 4. Snappy questions and comebacks. Seriously, you are in customer service along with medical care. You need to be polite. Now for all those who say "well, that is what you get for going after a holiday". Okay that is a okay excuse but they could have told me that is why they were so snappy. "Sorry, we are just really busy since it was a holiday yesterday, Can we schedule another day or do you need to see a doctor now" easy straight forward answer they could have given. Then some might say "Well this review hurts Dr.Levin, why not go again and then right the review for him". I am not trying to hurt Dr.Levin. But my mom ran her own practice and her staff were always polite. Because they are the first thing the patient sees. This is not rocket science. Now am I demanding anyone to be fired? No, I would never do that. I just wish Dr.Levin would read this and explain to his staff that there are words will more syllables than two. And that maybe some human decency because I don't know maybe because you work with SICK PEOPLE!!! So I will never return. I will just need to find a primary care doctor elsewhere. It is a shame, because based on the other reviews, he seems like a good doctor.
5	One of the best PCP's I've ever had! Appreciate his dedication to patients.
4	I really want to give Dr. Levins five stars, because he's a superb doctor. Without digging too far into my medical history, I've seen Dr. Levins for a number of conditions, including a handful of serious allergies that I hadn't suffered from until moving to Arizona. He's prescribed medication when needed and follows up with regular appointments to ensure that I am a healthy patient.As my PCP, Dr. Levins has referred me to a number of specialists for my various injuries, illnesses, and other unnamed maladies, including: an allergist, a urologist, two physical therapists, a dermatologist, a radiologist and a medical clinic.With regard to his bedside manner, Dr. Levins is second to none. Although he sees hundreds of patients per week, I always feel that he personally cares about my health.I'm giving Dr. Levins a less-than-perfect rating solely because the reception in his office is mildly abominable, and unfortunately, that is not an exaggeration. I won't go on a tirade about how people in professional settings should put on their big boy and big girl pants and fake a smile in client-facing roles...However, one receptionist in particular always seems to have a problem with the world and greets every patient with barely bridled contempt. It's really off-putting, and if I didn't like Dr. Levins so much I'd tell this lady to shove it out her ear.
5	I'm so thankful I relied on Yelp to find Dr. Levins. For the past year, he's been there for me and helped me tremendously. His politeness and knowledge are an absolute blessing. Without question, he's one of the better doctors I've ever seen in my life. Thanks again!
5	Dr Levins is a wonderful doctor who has been my PCP for almost ten years.  He takes the time to help you understand your condition and the time necessary to properly diagnosis you.  I think the following best sums up the type of person and doctor that Dr Levins is:Once, a Mayo doctor told me that there are two different types of doctors in this world.  The first are physicians, these are people who became MD/DOs so they could make a lot of money or make other people think they are really smart.  The second are doctors, these are people who became MD/DOs so that they could improve the lives of their patients.  Again Dr Levins is a wonderful doctor and I recommend him to anyone that asks me!
5	He is the best .  I have recommended friends to him and they are as happy as I am with the care he gives.  I use to live close to the office but now I drive almost an hour to get there and it's worth it.  His assistants are awesome too.
5	My family & I have been patients for Dr. Levins for 20+ years.  HE IS ABSOLUTELY THE BEST DR. EVER.  He's always patient (especially appreciated with my elderly parents), and answers all your questions.  He is open to discussing all options for your health care, and supports you in your decision.  And get this...he has never once made me feel rushed or acted as though he didn't have time for me.  I doubt many can say that about their doctor.  He has recently moved to a new office, so I can't speak on the staff, although I feel the comments below regarding his previous location are exaggerated.  His medical assistants were terrific.  You simply can't find a better or more caring physician than Dr. Levins.
1	While I was waiting to see the doctor a gentleman marched in irate and said to the staff "I decided to drive in here to get my answer since you don't return any of my calls" and it went on from there.  At the time I thought "gee, that guy seems grumpy" until I had my own unpleasant experience with the office staff as I was leaving. I went in to establish myself as a new patient and get an annual physical which is covered by my insurance but the next thing I know they submitted it as a particular ailment and told me I owed them money!  I explained that they submitted it wrong and it should be covered and that's when the nasty staff gloves came off.  They were yelling at me, telling me they didn't have to provide me with information they provided to my insurance, didn't have to provide me with my visit information, etc.  The doctors heard this crazy conversation that the nasty office staff was having and not one of  them came out to apologize or stop the problem.  In the meanwhile the staff started hurling personal insults and being condescending to me.  I left the office in tears and got a letter a week later 'firing' me as a client (not that I was planning on ever going back).   No doctor is worth being treated like this by staff....and it made me realize why the man I saw while waiting was irate. It wasn't just me.
