5	This is the holy shrine for reloaders.  I came here from the People's Socialist Republic of California and was treated very well by the staff, who were both knowledgeable and pleasant.
5	This place has a great staff and Dillon Precision stands behind their products  100 percent.  Great places like this are hard to find in today's business climate.
4	This is without a doubt the greatest reloading equipment supplier in the world. Have been using their shooting equipment for more than 20 years, and they are unparalleled. Little expensive (which is why 4 stars) but their no nonsense guarantee is the best.
5	A friend directed me to Dillon Precision for my first reloader.  He said might as well make your first reloader your last.  Glad I took that advise. Best, the retail store staff took considerable time over several visits to explain what I needed to get started.  Since I needed everything, the bill was on the high side.  After receiving my tax refund, I bought the whole bundle of stuff and got started reloading 45 and 9 mm.  Reloading is like plumbing - I always need more advice or someone to double check my attempts.  Good how-to CD, lots of help on YouTube and live help from experienced staff when I needed an in person visit to the store - again.Not only do the store staff intimately understand reloading, but are competitive shooters as well.  I'm competent now reloading both pistol and rifle rounds.  The same press does it all with different size dies.  When I have bent or broke things on the press, they give me free replacements with a few spares.  Dillon Precision is the best company I have dealt with in a long time.
5	This is a company which truly stands behind what they sell and back it up without question.  I had purchased my second Dillon product in 2012.  The XL650 arrived on time and was easy to assemble.  As time went on I appreciated the engineering of the product.  Disassembly and reassembly were simple and made sense.  Lastly, I broke a part and had to call Dillon to get a replacement part.  The CS was helpful and did not question how the part broke.  He simply said that one would be shipped to me the next day.I did not receive the part as he had promised.  I received two.  These people are awesome.  Great product backed up by a "No BS"  lifetime warranty supported by superior customer service.
5	You will not be dissapointed with the products and service of Dillon Precision. Truly deserving of the best rating I can give. I have used their equipment since 1995, and it has soldiered on without fail. Tumbler, presses (SDB and XL650), scale, caliper... Everything Dillon still works like the day I bought it. I would encourage anyone intersted in reloading to first look at the Dillon equipment, then use it as a benchmark to compare all others.
5	This is a first-rate operation.  I bought a Square Deal B press way back when in the early 1990s and they kept me in operation all this time.  No hesitation at customer service to help the customer with any kind of problem.  Many companies should follow their customer-focused operation to learn how to do it right.
