5	This HD has made me shop at HD again. As I live in Mint Hill and have easy access to the WORST HD on the planet (Albermarle Rd location), I had started a cpl yrs ago to shop at Lowes 99% of the time. As I wk in Southpark, i started stoppiing at this HD out of convenience & was stunned at how wellrun & wellstocked the store is, and how competent & FRIENDLY the folks there are; they go out of their way to help u, and you'll get asked at least 3-4 times  while there if theres anything u need help with. To be honest, in the area of town its in, I didn't expect much going there, but was astounded (which begs the ?; if the HD there can find people like this to wk in the store in this area of town, why can't the other stores in the more "high class" parts of town hire better informed/helpful people?  )...Just a great store, in fact when i need something, instead of driving 2 miles to the Albermarle store, I'll take my truck to wk and drive to this one @ lunch..KUDOS PEOPLE!!
5	Seeing that I'm the Duchess of Home Depot, I really should get one of their orange aprons to prance around in while looking for my next home improvement supplies.I've got to say, I'm really impressed with Home Depot. Many years back I remember poor customer service from other locations and I stopped shopping with Home Depot. However, in the past year or two I gave them another try and I have been completely impressed with the turn around. I am greeted by almost every employee and most of them ask if I'm looking for something. They even escort me to whatever I need. There are two customer service situations that I love Home Depot for: 1) I compost. So I need sawdust to off-set the composting process. Home Depot employees will allow me to take their sawdust for free. 2) I needed new shelves. One of their employees, Gary, helped me figure out the best cost-effective way to complete my project. He cut the dimensions I needed perfectly and I was out the door in no time. I didn't have to do any math to get this done. *Bonus*I will be the first one to say, "I'm not handy!" But from the help I get at Home Depot, even I leave once in a while believing I can fix something. Thanks, Home Depot, keep up the great customer service!
5	Ah, the little orange aprons. Always ask them questions! You never know what kind of tip they are going to give you (or show you even) for your home or garden project. And they're so friendly!I am repainting a new house... and while I was waiting on my colors to be mixed up, the very nice lady taught me about the different types of bases (I didn't know there were more than 1), which you use depending on the depth or darkness of your color. And she showed me some painting tips and tricks (with paint and brushes) and used some cool tools I ended up buying. AND I got my Behr paint on sale. Score!
3	A quick pop in to the Home Depot for a can of WD-40 and some picture hanging hardware, I ended up also picking up an adjustable wrench and a small hammer. Oh, Home Depot, what do you have in the air that makes me want to buy so much of your stuff?I also took a nice wander down the air filter aisle (I need to get one of those, but I need to know the dang size first) and the storage aisle (large Rubbermaid containers!). Drooling, I managed to pay for my stuff at the self-service checkout before I ended up bankrupt.Good parking here and the store is like all HD's with wide aisles, good lighting, and helpful associates in their orange aprons who will cheerfully answer questions and they don't just point you towards what you're looking to find - they bring you to that aisle and make sure you're good. I like this.
4	You'll learn quickly this is a smaller store and doesn't offer as big of a selection as the bigger stores do, but 90% of the stuff I need is there. Staff is outstanding, especially the experts, and my bud Rebecca. I'd like to see more experts and fewer smiling faces. A DIY guy like me needs help on complicated stuff.
3	Recently, it seems like every time I go to a Home Depot the item I am looking for is in a roped off area where the employees are either loading up heavy pallets or pulling something off the shelf for someone else.  That little stumbling block aside, HD is fairly consistent... no surprises and I am usually in and out with my home needs (unless I have to wait for the closed area to be reopened).Not a huge fan of the parking lot configuration here or the traffic turning onto South Blvd or Woodlawn from here.
4	On another quest for what is hopefully my last stack of moving boxes, I found myself at the Home Depot on South Blvd near Woodlawn (and Arby's was also calling my name).  Upon walking into the store, there is a friendly face with an orange apron standing front and center, I was greeted and I asked where the moving boxes are (while Home Depot has a standard footprint, there are variations in merchandising from store to store, and also depending on the season).  The smiling man directed me to a seasonal display and said I could probably find large boxes there, and if not, the permanent display was somewhere near the back of the store.  I walked to the seasonal display, they had what I needed.  I headed towards the checkout to another smiling, friendly face and was on my way.I am partial to Home Depot, as they are a client of my firm, but in general when I find myself at any of the locations, I find the staff to be friendly and helpful and the store to be clean.  The South Blvd location is no exception to this - great store!
