5	Want to know the steepest street in the world?  Is it Lombard Street in San Francisco?  No, it's right here in Pittsburgh and it's Canton Avenue!  Canton Avenue is an obscure little street tucked into a corner of Beechview.  It's a block long between Hampshire Street and Coast Avenue.  There is a northern stub, blocked off by Jersey barriers, but what it once led to, I have no idea.   I passed by it when I had to do a site visit for work and I thought, "Holy macaroni!"  The second drop on Kennywood's Phantom's Revenge doesn't seem as steep as this!  And I always thought nearby Boustead Street was bad!  So when I came home, I looked it up.  Did you know that Canton Avenue has its own entry in Wikipedia?  According to the entry, Canton Avenue has a grade of 37%.  That means in 10 ft of horizontal distance, the elevation changes by 3.7 feet.  Let's look at it another way.  The Mon Incline has a grade of 35 degrees, 35 minutes.  The Duqusene Incline has a 30 degree angle.  Okay, so I exaggerated on the Phantom's Revenge--that ride has a 46 degree angle drop.  No matter, this street is almost gravity-defying!  Could you imagine going down this on ice and snow?  Or trying to get up it with a manual transmission?  Could one of those little Smart Cars even make it up this thing?  Or imagine this hill in horse-n-buggy days!Just go to Google Maps, type in the above address, go to "Streetview" and follow Canton Avenue downhill.  You'll see!UPDATE 02/28/2012:  I had a look at Streetview on Google Maps.  This street is so steep, you cannot drive downhill on it.  Halfway down the block from Hampshire Ave, there are "Do Not Enter" signs.  Presumably this is to allow access to the few houses via the easier (easier being a relative thing) grade from Hampshire Ave.
1	One scary street! Don't drive down it unless you want to wreck your car!
5	Yeah it's steep, but it can be safely driven. Definitely keep off this street if its A: Snowing, 2: going to snow, C: you've been drinking, 4: you plan on drinking, E5: you have vertigo, E5b, you plan on getting vertigo and finally, 6: you're planning on selling the car you use to travel this hill. It's a unique part of Pittsburgh and its he land upon which the city is built.
