5	Segway riding looks like such fun....guess what...IT IS!! It's so easy and what a great way to see the best parts of Charlotte. Luke was a super tour guide and braved the cold with us. We wanted to go after Thanksgiving to see the lights and it was totally worth it. Seeing the city lit up for Christmas from a cemetery at night...priceless.We've lived here 20 years and this has to be the best way to see the city. It's a must-do when you come to Charlotte and for us that live here, we'll be glad to join you on this tour because it never gets old.
5	I was looking for ideas to entertain my Mom for her birthday when I came across a Groupon for this Segway tour. I laughed at the geeky stereotype that a Segway carries, and the idea of scooting around downtown in front of strangers and traffic on one of these things. Then I thought to myself what could be funnier than to see my 70 year old mom trying to figure out how to ride a Segway. So we booked our tour and left the whole thing as a surprise until we pulled into the parking lot and man was she ever nervous.  The initial step up onto your first Segway is a very awkward experience. Think of a baby giraffe trying to stand up for the first time and then laugh at yourself. Somehow though only minutes later you will feel yourself begin to adjust to the Segway, then miraculously this machine becomes some symbiotic extension of your own body.  When you shift your weight in a certain direction it turns with you, when you lean forward it moves forward, lean slightly backwards to slow down or stop.  I can't explain how, but it just becomes second nature in a matter of minutes and fills you with a sense of accomplishment once you master it.  The three of us had a blast just riding around the parking lot getting our practice in before the actual tour had even started.  As far as the tour, our guide was a college kid in his twenties who was very personable and made sure everyone knew what they were doing before we set off.  We left the NC Music Factory and toured the downtown graveyard learning about the history of Charlotte and some of it's most established families.  We rode to Panther's stadium and throughout many other attractions of downtown Charlotte.  I learned things I never knew about my own city after living here for over a decade.At the end of the tour my mom was all geeked out over the whole thing, and was already asking the guide how much they cost like she would ride one to the grocery store or something.  I myself was still shocked that I had just done one of the coolest things I have ever done in Charlotte and it involved a Segway.So in the end if you are looking to impress a date or some out of town guests then I would highly recommend booking this fun experience.
4	We've Segway-ed in Kansas City. We've Segway-ed in San Diego. We've Segway-ed in Savannah. We've Segway-ed in Boston. We've Segway-ed INTO THE RECEPTION OF OUR WEDDING. Trust me, my husband and I have done a lot of Segway-ing in the past few years, and this operation out of Charlotte is solid, and a definite for any guests you may have visiting from out of town.  (Heck, it's a definite for anyone who hasn't been on a Seg before and LIVES in Charlotte!)QCS has different tours, and we've been on a historical one, along with one for the South End.  They're always informative, and include plenty of riding.  You'll have ample time to get acclimated to their machines-- which are in good condition.  (Trust me, some places have old, old Segways that don't quite respond the right way...not fun.) This place also doesn't put their machines on Turtle Mode.  That prevents the rider from going fast.  Actually, it prevents the rider from going ANY speed over a turtle's speed.  The various tour guides we've had here in Charlotte are entertaining without being cheesy and rehearsed, and they're big into safety, as they should be.  TIP: Sign up for their mailing list, or check them out on Facebook or call for specials.  Prices can be up there, but having a Groupon, or other deal helps make it affordable for a big group.  PS:  I always like asking our tour guides, no matter where we are, how many people have fallen off the Segway.  The response is always kinda funny... :-)
5	Talk about an absolutely awesome time! I used the Living Social coupon ($25 = 1/2 off) and went with my visiting family on a tour and we were all blown away by the fantastic time we had! Get over looking nerdy ...it's WORTH IT! I highly recommend this for visiting family and friends- I literally couldn't stop laughing and smiling, we all agreed this was our favorite activity of the week. The tour will take you all through the little nooks and crannies in Charlotte and shows off some fabulous art and history. It is very easy to maneuver however I myself would not bring my own grandmother but agility varies from person-to-person. Our tour kid was a younger guy ( Tremane?)  he was patient, knowledgeable and overall an awesome guide! Be forewarned they are only doing weekend tours right now - so plan ahead. My only complaint is the woman I made reservations with was SUPER rude...she became very snotty with me when I tried to inquire about reservations over the phone and actually yelled at me saying she did not have her calendar in front of her (why not? I called your business not your cell?) do not make my mistake and call, just email. She frustrated me so much I almost cancelled...but luckily once we got there the staff was wonderful.
