1	Absolutely horrible.In no particular order - - waited for 40 minutes for salads while restaurant was very slow- wedge salad was a chopped salad- waiter filled wine glass to rim and did not offer a tasting prior- signature 3 finger pork chop was very bland for 48 hours of marinating- signature prime rib was gray and very bland- service was extremely slow and impersonalBased on their website you'd believe you are going to a 4 star restaurant to "indulge" - don't be fooled.I'd suggest one of the other chain restaurants by Concord Mills.
4	Came in for the Queen's Feast. We had a great meal with fine service. It's worth a trip!
5	Went with friends for the Charlotte Restaurant week.  Excellent choice!  Our waitress, Deja was FABULOUS!First we were served a glass of wine.  Not being much of a wine drinker, Deja explained the different types of wines and asked our preference.  She guided us to the type of wine that we would probably enjoy.  She did a great job.The salads were perfect.  At our table the Rocky River Salad and the Caesar Salad was ordered. Both were excellent.  Next we were given the Chef's Daily One bite which was a jalepeno stuffed with pork wrapped in bacon.  One word...YUM!The entrees were perfect.  The prime rib was cooked to perfection.  When ordering, again Deja explained the different degrees of how a steak is cooked, to make sure each of us ordered it exactly like we liked.  The Carolina Turkey Tenders were also ordered at the table and all I can say (since I did not order it) was there was nothing left.  So it must have been good.Desert... Again Excellent!  The carrot cake was delicious.  The chocolate cake was absolute perfection.This restaurant was a great choice and the Deja was a great waitress.  She joked around with us, but also knew her job well and took great care in making sure we enjoyed our dinner.I would recommend this restaurant.
3	Located in an Embassy Suites Hotel. This is one of a few eating areas in this specific hotel, that also holds a convention center. The service was fabulous and food was good. They offer various sandwiches, salads, flat bread pizzas and such for lunch. The dinner menu is more extensive. There is a full bar and dining tables outside as well. I would definitely dine here again.
1	Terrible and overpriced! Ate there twice unfortunately. First time, I got the salmon and it was over cooked and smothered with sauce that didn't even taste good. Second time, I had the black bean ravioli. It was disgusting and tasted like it was came from the freezer. The kids meals were way overpriced for what you got. The kids sides were fruit cups...not even fresh!
2	Wasn't impressed. However, the homemade potato chips, awesome!
5	Great diversity of menu and excellent service!!!Would highly encourage locals to go check it out... It's a hidden gem :)
4	I've visited Rocky River Grille several times with my husband for dinner. After one bite of their burger - I was hooked! The restaurant is a hidden gem in the Embassy Concord. There is a separate bar area, which is nice if you want to watch TV - the restaurant side is fairly casual-mod, they even set all the tables for dinner with chargers.The service can be hit or miss. The steakhouse sides are also hit or miss - the roasted asparagus was amazing, but the cowboy grits and bacon and mushroom mac & cheese were just so-so.  But I don't care about the service or the sides - just give me another burger! They are huge and juicy and cooked perfectly. Burgers are $9-10 - and totally worth every cent.Follow them on Facebook, they put up specials from time to time (like free draft beer if you wear a jersey during football) and they also participate with restaurant.com.
4	Been here a few times and so far everything is really good...try the turkey burger...it's awesome!
4	Staying at the hotel for a week and I've eaten here 3 nights. The food is great and the customer service is even better!
1	This was our second time to this hotel for business.  The first time we went to the bar and it wasnt busy at all.  We felt like we were bothering the bartender and service was horrendous.Second time, a year later, we went into the restaurant for lunch.  It took 1 hour for our food to come, 3 times we had to ask for a sugar caddie for the iced tea, and our order came out wrong.  Overall, it took them 90 minutes to serve a lunch that should of been 30 minutes.  If your service is this bad, no one should eat here no matter how good the food is.  My advice, stay away at all costs.
4	We called ahead to make reservations, but they only take reservations on certain nights (not Thursdays.)  Anyway, we arrived at 7pm and had to wait 15min for the servers to "catch up." Not a big deal, so ordered a bloody Mary from the bar.  The drink was $9.  We ordered an appetizer, which was good, not great.  We also ordered salads which were quite good and huge as far as portion size was concerned.  Service was ok.  Had to wait for drink refill, etc.  Overall, atmosphere is nice, most entrees are reasonably priced, and the food was good.  We would go back again.
5	Fresh delicious creations. Love the planked Salmon! A masterpiece. Worth every penny.
4	A surprising oasis in the base of the Embassy Suites - not quite what you would expect at all. Though the location could be a bit more secluded, as you feel like you are on display a bit and only separated by a small wall, so while they want you to feel you are in a different restaurant, you don't quite get it.Service is excellent, and the menu is executed well to boot - definitely more than you would expect from being a "hotel restaurant", especially attached to a hotel that itself may have an issue here and there.Wherever we have run into their food, either at the restaurant (in the hotel, that is), or at various events around town, everything has always been tasty, and well worth taking the time to try it.
5	Always a great place to get a great meal. We live nearby and come whenever we want a great meal that is fresh and a little upscale. Pork chops, meatloaf, dips, cornbread.... All delicious. Service had also always been top notch.
4	Located inside the Embassy Suites you'll find a little restaurant called the Rocky River Grille. The service was excellent it was fast and friendly. The food was great; offer a good selection of food, and specials that change daily.  I ordered fried green tomatoes which were very delicious and on point. I also go a steak cooked prefect and with an awesome Cherry Glazes that was to die for. The service area was clean and well maintained. I would highly recommend this restaurant, check the menu to see if your favor or not.
5	I went there for lunch today and there were not many people there.  We grabbed a table and our waitress brings us the new menu.  She made a starter suggestion of the gravy fries.  OMG - these were awesome.  Be careful to share them because you may not be able to eat your meal when it arrives.  I ordered the Chicken and Dumplings and the mixure of that sweet tea grilled chicken and the plentiful dumpling made it a perfect lunch.  The only problem was there's was too much to eat - for me.  Our waitress was very friendly and shared stories of the Charlotte Raceway.  The location is in the Embassy Suites.Brian
4	Great service. Fresh menu choices. I had salad with seared tuna avocado grapefruit and watermelon!!  My favorite ingredients for a summer salad!
2	I had been to this restaurant before on holidays and for lunch with family and solo, so after using the spa's services, I decided to have lunch (July 2, 2014) before heading to my next meeting. The hostess seated me at the first table. A few other tables were still occupied and being served. She gave me a menu and told me a server would be right with me. The waitress kept coming over to the other tables asking diners about drink refills and totally ignored me! Didn't even explain that the table was not hers. Didn't get the waiter whose table it was for me. After 10 minutes, I finally got the attention of the hostess (at this point I was about to just get up and leave) and she seemed surprised I hadn't been waited on although she was only a few feet away. She took my drink order and got the bartender to come over and take my order. I thought perhaps this waitress was over booked until two couples came in and sat down at the empty table next to me. This waitress immediately came over to them and was very friendly -- taking their drink order and telling them specials (which I was never told). Their food came out the same time as mine. I paid my bill and when I got up to leave and bring the tip to the bartender ( to ensure she didn't get it), she says "Have a nice day, M'am" -- NOW she notices me? Needless to say, it was a humiliating experience. I am a business woman who frequently takes clients out to lunch and dinner, but I will NEVER again come to this restaurant alone or with family or friends. NOTE: I didn't give this review the lowest rating because the food was good -- not great, but good.
1	Staying at the hotel for a "show", the Rocky River Grille is the only place to eat without driving somewhere.   Waited for awhile for a Caesar salad that had barely any of the bottled dressing on it, waited again for a little bit more of the dressing.  Ordered the chicken pot pie.  Menu says nothing about  it being "deconstructed" as it was described to me when I asked what it was after I told the waitress it was not edible.  Scrawny piece of cold chicken in a cold soupy base with a little biscuit on the side.  Oh my! $19 and the salad was extra.  Gentleman in my group of 4, got a nearly raw Delmonico rib eye when ordered "medium".  He was also told the kitchen had no regular butter when he asked. Never had a water refill.  Place was not even half full for such poor service.  Please jump in your rental car and find someplace else.
1	This was nearly the worst dining experience I've had while traveling. Seriously- just awful. I ordered at the bar and planned to take my food up to my room for a nice, quiet evening away from home. After waiting nearly 45 minutes for my food, I went back to my room. Once there, I was startled to find that it was not what I ordered. I asked for quinoa stuffed collards and a deconstructed peach pie. What was in my to-go bag were turkey wontons and chicken  pot pie. ???  So I called down, and asked them to remake my order, this time actually making what I asked for. It was all very pleasant up to this point. I went back down to the bar and waited... and waited.... and waited.... it was an hour and a half after I placed my original order that I got what was supposed to be my food. I looked inside, saw quinoa and greens in one box, and melted icecream in another. OK, I wasn't happy, but I just wanted to eat my dinner. I get back to my room, icecream dripping all over everything in my bag, and I discover that what I have is not collards, but kale. It's not like I have anything against kale, but for Christ's sake! That was the last straw for me. I am so disappointed in my experience. Yes, they comped my meal, and I appreciate that, but this was just terrible. If you care about your time, getting what you order, or presentation, this place is not for you. Two additional notes here for context- It is Thursday night. Maybe if it was a weekend, I could get behind the idea that speed is more valuable than quality- but not on a Thursday. Secondly- the food was solidly mediocre.
1	I came to this establishment primarily because I am staying here at the hotel.  I have had good experiences here in the past.  I sat at the bar. I started to order one menu item but was quickly advised not to by another patron.  I ended up ordering chicken pot pie.  The waitress repeated it as "reconstructed pot pie".   I asked if the cook could just keep it "constructed" as it should be.  Well..... When it came I realized that the chef didn't make it  a pot pie at all. I got a piece of chicken on the bone (small leg and thigh ) served over rice with some cream of chicken condensed soup around it.  Oh..... I forgot the biscuit and the lettuce on top.    $ 19 for this!  I DO NOT recommend the "reconstructed pot pie".  While obviously made to look appetizing, it makes no sense and it certainly is NOT pot pie.   If this restaurant did not have hotel attached to it, it would be empty.   As a regular traveler, I know I am getting screwed when I eat at the hotel, but at least serve up a good menu with quality food.
