2	I stopped here on the way to my hometown from the airport one of the last times I was in the Madison area. I'm normally a huge fan of the Wisconsin Swiss Melt, but the one I had here was not so good.First, the sandwich was exceptionally greasy. I don't think I've ever had a patty melt-type sandwich that was that greasy in my life. Yeah, I understand this is a joint that specializes in butter burgers, but this was extreme, even for Culver's.Second, the size of the burger was pathetic. Admittedly, I've been out of Wisconsin for a few years now, so maybe my recollection of the size of Culver's burgers isn't so good, but the patty on this particular sandwich was seriously thin, and the burger came no where close to covering the bread.If you're just passing through the north side of Madison and have a sudden craving for Culver's, I'd suggest you keep going and stop at the location in Waunakee or the location near East Towne Mall, depending upon which direction you're heading.
1	This Culvers gives Culvers a bad name. Ive had excessively slow service, hair in my ice cream and burgers that resemble dog food and that's enough for me. Ive never quite seen a burger paddy so thin and greasy before in my life. You've  got to be desperate to eat there.
2	The bastard child of two sexy Culvers.
2	I find myself eating here from time to time as they are close to where I work.  I usually go through the drive thru and head back to the office to eat.  More times than not, I find myself ordering their cashew chicken salad and if I'm feeling rebellious I'll get some cheese curds too.EVERY time I order the salad, I find myself waiting way longer than I would expect. How long does it take to heat up some chicken that was probably already pre-cooked and throw it on top of some greens? Apparently much longer than it takes to cook a burger. Other people in line behind me were receiving their meals.One instance I watched the clock and it took 9 minutes from when I paid for my order to when I received the order. THEN I got back to the office to find half of the lettuce was slimy and old. I couldn't even eat it.  I went on their website to provide feedback about my experience and never heard any kind of response.It's disappointing for the North side of town. There aren't many options for "fast" food.
