5	I pretty much go to places now if they have a good yelp rating/review, thank-you yelp. Fellow yelper Misit gave this place a good review, and I was in a desperate need for for a manicure since this other place I will not mention or review did me dirty.I tried to do a walk-in, but only one lady was present at the time so she got my named and phone number down, and promised to give me a call as soon as she was available. An hour later she was. It was a good sign that there was a wait for her, but even better when she called me back as promised, even sooner.I scheduled for a next day appointment, and she booked me the earliest. Let me tell you, this lady Angel is awesome. Not only did she measure my nails, but listened to what kind of style I liked. They don't offer 3d nail art, but she can have gems inside of your gel. It is very stylish, neat, and natural looking. She told me that doing nails is her art, and to do nails is an art. She was very down to earth with me, and didn't make me feel uncomfortable like the other place, that rushed me and my acrylics. Also this place thrives on being clean. :)
5	Went here based on the other five-star Yelp reviews -- great call. I phones ahead and was told they could take me in half an hour, which was perfect. Unfortunately, they were expecting another assistant who did not show up that morning. So I had to wait an extra half an hour before they could start on me. These things happen; fortunately I was not in a rush.The atmosphere is very pleasant and clean, with no strong odors. Both women were very pleasant, and my mani/pedi experience was just what I desired. The deluxe package total was $40, which was a bargain for the quality. I would definitely go here again and recommend it to others.
2	Worst manicure I've ever received.   And yes, I could have done better with my left-hand. (Did I mention that I am right-handed?)The first hint was that there were only two people working.  Yes, on a Sunday.  How are you not busy enough on a Sunday to have more people working?The lady that did my nails had some sort of tic.  She kept looking away- very fast and then back again... yes, it was a tic.  How do you do someone's nails when you have to keep looking away?  My point exactly.So I had OPI- Linkin Park After Dark on my nails that she had to take off.  She even did a shitty job of that!  I can see the old polish on my SKIN because she went downwards when taking the polish off instead of straight.She freaked out over a papercut that I had.  Really lady?  I don't have fungus- I have a small paper cut on my finger. (and you aren't polishing my finger- so pay attention to my nails!)I paid before the polish and gave her a 35% tip hoping that she was going to redeem herself.Nope.She polished and said how hard the color was.  Um, isn't this your job?  Then I asked if there was someway she could kinda clean up my fingers since there was polish all over them.I should have stuck to my normal place in Northtown to get my nails done.  That 30 minute drive there and back isn't so bad!  I'm sorry that I cheated on you, Elegant Nail!
1	I live in Florida currently but im moving close by here in about two months and while out on a trip looking for a place I tried it here.. my tech was very friendly and personable but my nails look like crap. I live in a small town here and have better luck.. The nails were shaped to be too narrow at the tip (which looks to me like dollar store press ons).. two of them are lifting (got them done yesterday, shouldnt be) I have dark polish on my skin and cuticles (she attempted to clean it off my skin but seemed like she was just going through the motions).. should have questioned why there were 3 techs in the shop and I was the only customer..
2	The hot stones they use to massage your feet and legs are awesome ...too bad it doesn't last too long. I thought my pedicure was okay but it looked like I did it myself. Some of my nails were cut crooked and my nail polish wasn't applied throughout the nail. I was disappointed with my pedi. I tried to like it but I didn't find myself admiring my feet after the pedicure like I usually do. Every time I look at my feet I convince myself they look fine but deep inside I know they are not.
2	Simple nail salon, they do a good job but the service is a little less than ideal. If you want to be pampered with a nice leg massage after your pedicure, I wouldn't recommend this place. If you want quick in and out service with no love or frills - this might be the place for you.
1	Did not like how Angel did my mails! I posted the pics for everyone to see how sloppy the black powder was done. Then on top of that the application of acrylic at the end was missing spots on my nail like it was running out and she didn't cover multiple nails completely  on top of leaving a black trace lines on my thumb nail of black powder she was trying to shape. I went back and she fixed it with mire yanking of my hands. Supridingly the first time she didn't have a problem with my positions of my hands but this time " Dont turn sideways"..."Relax your fingers ". Straighten your hands " ... Really... So I guess it's my fault for her sloppy craftsman ship now. Plus looks to me out of spite, she didn't cover the sides of my nails properly the sides are not covered by the a acrylic. Think twice about hitting this place up!!!
5	Brand new ownership. Was a little worried when I walked in and only saw a guy doing nails and one other customer. However, I learned, it is because they have newly opened and are building the business.Corey turned out to be fantastic and the experience was great. They have new massage chairs and their little daughter is adorable as she tries to help out mom and dad.This will be my new nail spot! The prices are also great! They also did not try to haggle and up-sell me.  I'm a fan!!!
5	I recently got my nails done at Starz Nails. The new owners renovated the whole nail salon and it looks great. Very comfortable, clean, and inviting. I got my nails done and I was very happy with them. The nail technicians there are great and very friendly. I will definitely be going back to this nail salon, good ones are hard to find.
5	Okay... People need to realize this place is under new management. So you must disregard any posts from 2 years ago because this place is wonderful! The first time I came here was back in June for my birthday vacay. I had a mani/pedi from Cory and he did an amazing job. He was cool to talk to and he knew what he was doing. I asked him to help me out with my dry hands (I wash my hands a lot at work) and he suggested a scrub. Good choice indeed. My hands needed the massage and it felt smooth again. All the staff definitely started my vacay right!Now, the main reason why I wanted to review this place. Recently I went there for a facial. Tried out their European Facial by Melinda. Funny, I remember her from last time doing nails. Turns out she's both! What an all around beauty expert! Also skin care is her forte. And yes she's knowledgeable in the field. We talked about our past skin problems like acne, freckles, or dark spots. Gave me tips on a few things. Anyways it was wonderful and relaxing. I left with a nice glow. I must say Melinda extracted a lot from my nose and you can't even tell! I have to say when I went to work the next day, a few regular customers of mine noticed my face looking radiant and they asked for the place! Gosh I'm loving my smooth face! Thanks Starz Nails & Skin!
1	I went here for a year consistently for gel manis every two weeks.  A couple of months ago, I started to notice that I was getting irritation around my nails, skin was peeling and they were extremely sore, even painful and the cuticles were red and swollen.  When I first pointed it out, they told me it was just dry skin.  I moisturize my hands several times per day so I was doubtful.  After two more manicures and the condition worsening to the skin under the tips of my nails scabbing up and peeling, I knew something more was going on.  I kept pointing this out but they kept chalking it up to dry skin.  On my last visit 2 weeks ago, I got a new manicurist there and she told me I had nail fungus but then quickly didn't want to talk about it and went into the back to consult with the manager.  They downplayed the entire thing and I could tell they were trying to avoid talking about it or even acknowledging that I'd gotten it there.  Now I have spoken with others who go or went there and 3 more people have also contracted it.  The salon appears clean but clearly there is something going on.  The situation will prevent me from ever returning or recommending it again.
5	Starz nails is the most AMAZING nail salon in Vegas. Aileen (the new owner) is so great, and always does a perfect job. She can do any design you want her too. I bring in pictures from Pinterest and she matches it perfectly. Mine even look BETTER. She is so sweet and constantly offers me water and coffee. They also have amazing pedicures. I would recommend this place to absolutely anyone.
5	I've been going here for about a year now. When I first started going here it was ok. Now that they are under new management it's even better. I absolutely love this place. My nail technician yuan pronounced "Le'ann"( I call her lee lee for short), she is thee best! She takes her time, she's respectful, versatile, and a perfectionist which I love. Any design I want she can do and sometimes she freestyles designs which are great too. The shop is very clean, the other nail technicians are great too. From the moment you step foot in the door they make you feel right at home. Check this place out, you won't be disappointed!!!
5	Getting Married!?!? We can't all look like Cinderella or naturally have perfect nails. But if you ask for Sue she can give you the most beautiful enhanced nail you've ever had! I own a salon but don't offer Acrylics so I was so lucky to find this hidden gem!Move over prince charming I feel like a princess now and I don't have to worry my nails will ask all through Hawaii and then some! If sue is busy don't worry all the girls are FABULOUS and such sweethearts!
5	Sue is amazing and she hums while doing your nails and talks to you! She is so sweet and she did an amazing job with my pedicure.Ava re did my nails from my previous experience and I love it sooooo much! She truly cares and does a beautiful job. I actually found her on yelp and she moved to a knee location! So happy I got to meet her!I have found my go to salon!
