5	Great to finally have a high end NIke store in town. This store is smaller than Niketown locations in other cities but they pack a lot into the two-story space. Most of the square footage is allocated to golf, tennis, and running but the basketball, training, and Nike sportswear sections provide ample variety. The store carries a majority of the current hot/limited releases and an abundance of color ways of the most popular running, basketball, and training shoes. The clothing selection is great at well and I saw lots of t-shirts, shorts, jackets, etc. that I haven't seen elsewhere. I'll definitely be a regular at this store.
3	I really really wanted to love this store, and for the most part, I do.Overall, my experience was positive, I've been wanting to visit since it opened in October.However, inconsistencies in customer service really made an impact on me.The Positives:the first three associates were very friendly, said hello, and asked me if I needed anything.When I found a shoe I wanted but was out of stock, a very friendly associate patiently called 3 other stores (their computer service needs to be updated, as many stores listed they had the shoe but when calledthey didn't have it.As soon as he found a pair, a quick exchange of information occured and the shoes are now on its way to my home!The store is beautiful, clean lines and just the right amount of bright color contrasted with the classic "basketball court wood" decor. Like the previous reviewer, it's smaller than other Nike Towns.  They do have a ton of product, yet the store doesn't feel crowded . You still would want to check out Nike.com for the largest selection. Prices are what you'd typically expect for Nike, i'll plunk down money for shoes, but it's a bit harder to pay full price for tshirts and shorts that I can get at a nike factory store (I don't need the clothes to be in the cufrent season). I  liked how the running section had the shoes separated by running style. You would think you'd see this more often, but I don't.The negatives: Why no ACG (their outdoor brand) section? I know they have competiton from REI and other similar stores, but many nike folks have borderline crazy brand loyalty, I'm sure they would buy that stuff up.Considering the aforementioned associates above, many other associates seemed a bit aloof, the store was not busy at all, but some associates simply did not say hello.  I don't need 5 star treatment, but it's a bit awkward when we are right in the vicinity of eachother and the associate doesn't say hello.  Perhaps i'm being nitpicky.  Did I look inaccessible? I sure hope not.  I'm willing to chalk it up to the store being pretty new.i'll be back.
5	I need to preface my review by saying that Nike owned stores are not for everyone. If you want a bargain, don't waste your time. This is not an outlet store. If you're into sneaker culture and shoes are a vice of yours, you will come away satisfied. It's nice to be able to get access to the limited edition Nike releases at a legit source. While the store isn't large, they manage to hit the areas most people want: basketball, running, golf, baseball, tennis, and crosstraining.About my only negative is that they don't have anything for soccer or football. Since Nike makes so many team uniforms for European soccer teams and will soon take over the NFL jerseys, it would be nice to see some of that product there in the future. All in all, I love this place and plan on blowing plenty of my disposable income in the future there.
4	Really good service. Prices are what you would expect. I couldn't find anything on sale
4	Staff is helpful and not pushy. Great products at a decent price. I wish they had running shoe fitting technology.
3	I walked in here to check out the new Kobe stuff they had to offer.  Big, airy store.  Plenty of staffing to assist you (greeted at bottom of stairs, top, and on the way back down!).  I thought it was awesome they had stuff representing UK out in the west.Nice selection of the newest products; but I wasn't really sure what they were trying to accomplish at this store.  Maybe just a highlight of the new stuff?It just seemed like a sample of things Nike has to offer, which to me is somewhat disappointing (especially with all of the space they have!).  On a defense, I think they had computers you could order just about anything.  Unfortunately for me, I cannot wear Nike shoes anymore because of the way my foot is shaped, but they still have some nice golf shirts in there I can fit in!Check this place out if you are a Nike fan.  If you are here for a bargain, you are entering the wrong place!
2	For such a big store, sadly they didn't have a great selection. :)
5	Customer service saves the day! This review is primarily about the amazing customer service I experienced today, but I can't help but gush about the store itself as well! Being originally from the Bay Area, I had the luxury of growing up with a Nike Town within driving distance, so I was very excited to learn of the Nike store opening up at the Scottsdale Quarter. While on the hunt for a new pair of running shoes, I decided to see if the Nike store had them before purchasing them online. I visited the store and was immediately pleased by the stock, decor and overall feel of the store. It made me want to run 5 miles then and there! Sadly though, they didn't have the shoes in the color I was looking for. Apparently, I'm so "trendy" (note the sarcasm in the reference to being trendy) that the shoe color I wanted had only come out the day before! So ordering online it was. I ordered my shoes last Saturday, but Friday came and I hadn't heard a peep from Nike about my order...no email either. I decided to call the online store, only to be treated pretty rudely by the woman on the other line who told me that my order didn't exist and that I was wrong in saying that my credit card had been charged. However, I was sitting in front of my computer and had the proof that my card had in fact been charged. I tried explaining that my card had been charged, but she was instant that it was only a hold and that my order hadn't been placed (Wells Fargo confirmed that the card had in fact been charged and wasn't pending.) When I asked to speak with a Nike manager, I was hung up on. Needless to say, I was pretty upset and all I wanted were my tennis shoes without being charged twice! Before I filed a dispute with Wells Fargo, I decided to give the Nike store a call. The associate Ali picked up the phone and immediately started working with me to get my issue resolved. She took down my information and said that she'd look into it and call me back. Just like she promised, I received a call back from her within 15 minutes. Not only was she incredibly friendly and customer-service oriented, but she also found my order (even though the rude online customer service rep claimed it didn't exist). She gave me my order number, shipping number and tracking number and told me that my shoes are set to arrive on Monday. Voila! Thanks to Ali, I found my shoes, I wasn't charged twice and I didn't have to file a dispute with my bank. I must note that after speaking with the online rep and being treated so rudely, I vowed never to shop at Nike again. However, after the friendly treatment by Ali and eagerness to get my issue resolved, I am a believer in Nike again. Nike's online reps should take a few lessons from friendly associates like Ali on how to treat customers.
5	I had the opportunity to visit this Nike store on a recent visit to Scottsdale. I was looking for a part for a Nike Fuel Band, that I had purchased in NYC a few months earlier - without it, the band was useless.  I walked asked an employee for help and told her what I was looking for. She asked if I had the Fuel Band with me ( I did) - I had the original box but no receipt.  Without hesitation,  she replaced it with a brand new unit!  Amazing!  Since I am from Canada, and Fuel Bands are not available here yet, this was particularly impressive.
5	Finally a Nike store in the Valley!!!Sure, it's not a NikeTown so you don't have four floors of stuff the way you do in San Francisco or LA, but its got more than almost any other place and when you think about how much Nike gear is available through other outlets like department stores, sporting goods stores, and even Nike outlets, it's hard to complain.The store personnel were very nice and the store has an excellent selection of running gear, workout attire, casual wear, golf clothing, and even the new Nike NFL line.Sure, it's full price, but that's what you get for buying directly from the company.Just Do It!
2	I totally agree with Tina S. for such a large and beautiful store to be quite honest......the selection in a word.....SUCKS. The only reason I didn't give this store one star was because it is a very spacious store....but I think they waste a lot of space......and the customer service was excellent. However when you go into a Nike Store of any kind.....exception being the outlets.......there should be more than 7 or 8 NFL team Jerseys and T-Shirts in the place. I was extremely disappointed with that....and for that fact that is why I have never been a huge fan of Nike products or stores. Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!!!
4	First a confession: I'm a Nike addict. There, I got that out of the way.About this store - it's like a mini NikeTown. They don't have the space of the NikeTowns that I've been to, but a good selection for the space they do have.The NikeID lab is cool - you can get color options you don't get online, and they'll ship to the store for free.The two things I didn't like were A) no kids shoes or clothing whatsoever. I have two kids and I like to share my addiction with them...no luck here.B) No focus on local teams. They should have basketball shoes in purple & orange specialPhoenix colorways - not an entire wall of Kobe Bryant gear. After all, the Lakers are the mortal enemies of Phoenix natives.
5	I have been a Nike whore for years and years. When I took up running, my Nike 'whoreness' went to the next level. I bought Nike shoes that allowed for Nike+ Sensor pods to be placed to work with my Nike+ Sportwatch GPS. I love my watch. It's chic, sleek, and for the most part...it does work. I've had two watches that failed me and this time I had authorization to replace and do an even exchange at this Nike store location. This was pain free. I did do a bit of shopping as well and left with a few running gear items and a new sleek watch. I'm definitely a fan of this location. I didn't realize that this store has it's own running group. I do belong to the best running group in the valley at Runner's Den but I would consider cheating now and then and train/run with this group. Cheers***
1	The girl that helped us might have once worked for the shoe police, not sure, but I highly suspect.  She just straight up had an attitude and was not patient with my 7 year old son.  NIKE, please don't put someone with a not-so-great demeanor in your children's shoe department.    Children's shoes takes a special person and we did not even come close to having that at your Scottsdale store.
1	by far the WORST customer service I think I have ever received at a store. Im sorry but if Im dropping $200 on a pair of jordans I expect to have great service. I had bought a pair of shoes online and they were too big so I went to the store to exchange the shoes. They didn't have what i wanted in my size which was fine, but when I asked how I could get the shoes in my size, if i should go somewhere else or look online and all of the THREE employees I spoke to seemed to have No idea how to order the shoes in my size. I didn't know that ordering shoes was rocket science.
5	The people were amazing to deal with and made my purchase easy and had no problem searching for sizes. I love the layout of the store and always the newest shoes and jackets on display. Thanks to Jay on the top floor helping me out!!!
4	Very helpful staff!I bought my Nike FuelBand from this store...they were so patient setting it up and making sure I knew exactly how to use it and sync it to my phone.  They did the whole set up for me.I went back 8 months later bc the band wasn't syncing right....they hooked it up to the computer for me...downloaded the new upgrade and spent the time I needed to understand exactly what happened!Amazing customer service.Thank you
5	I love this store!!! I think it's the only real nike store in the phx area.  There are a few nike outlets but not a actual nike store.  Anyways, I always come here to get my retros or my airmax.  They tend to have a huge stock...I have never been disappointed.   They also will exchange or give you store credit if you blow out a air bubble on the airmax (2013 and 2014).  The customer service is always great.  Staff is friendly and super helpful.
3	I have a serious love-hate relationship with this Nike store. As a fairly big sneaker head and apparel junkie when it comes to the 'Swoosh', I have high expectations when I come here but often times leave without making a purchase - not something Nike likes I'm sure.The entire first floor is dedicated to running and fitness, being in a city that sees sunshine 360 days out of the year, I totally understand this. Upstairs, they have sections dedicated to Golf/Tiger Woods - again, understandable, Basketball/Kobe/Durant/Jordan which as their flagship endorsers is also expected. They have a small area which has a rotational selection of merchandise based on sports seasonality, but will usually be filled with either baseball or football items.The part that frustrates me about this store is that they do not have a section dedicated to seasonal/yearly sporting events of which Nike is a major ambassador. During the NCAA Tournament or the College Football season, the gear they stock is extremely limited and they do not even bring in much merchandise featuring the local Universities (ASU or UA - both Nike sponsored athletic programs). Not appealing to local fans whatsoever. Currently they have a TINY section of World Cup/US Soccer Gear. Not a single US jersey (or any other Nike sponsored country), just some t-shirts and track jackets....lame. I really wish they'd have more specialty gear in this store when it comes to major sporting events. Other than that, it is a good place if you're looking for the general Nike apparel that they stock in droves.In this big of a market I think that Nike should step up their game at this particular location.
5	Coming from the NYC area I didn't expect this store to meet my expectations when it came to product but wow they had colorways I've never seen before and tech fleece pants just sitting there. Nice staff too.
4	Update -they added kids stuff but removed the NikeiD lab.
5	Great sales associates and quick check out!  Love the new retro 6 Jordans:)
