4	Who doesn't love Panda?  Quick Cheap and Good food with lots of options.  This location was very clean service was good and Orange Chicken is still the bomb.
1	Dont eat here...just got food poisoning from their shrimp last night
4	This is another place I go for the iced tea more than food. Their passion iced tea is so great!
1	There is only one dish I would get at Panda and they screwed up that last night. The String bean chicken breast was bathed in a dark brown sauce, well actually swimming in the sauce. Since everything else looked inedible, I doubled up on the ole favorite. Bad choice as the salt really shone through and everything was lost in that brown mess. Chicken Breast was present in there, but ya know what else was lurking around: the string beans still had their tails on. How lousy are the chef's here to not be able to cut off the little things on the beans. Oh, now that is my job I suppose? Cheery front clerk was trying to upsell me everything in site, but I did give up all my change for 69 cent chocolate chip cookie and guess what - that was the best part of the meal and my fortune:"When in doubt, let your instincts guide you"    They were wrong last night.
2	I got cheese rangoons and they didn't include sweet & sour sauce with my to-go order.  I called the store when I got home and their response is: "eh, I think you gotta ask for it.  Did you ask for it?"   Just don't go to THIS location.
5	Awesome Food, Service and Ambience! It feels more like casual dining than fast food!
5	My son was craving rice since we left Hawaii.  We were driving to Target and saw this location right across the street.  We were happy to order fried rice for our son who loves Panda Express.On our last night in Phoenix we went back here and got in around 9:55pm they were already closing and the trays were empty.  The person working said we can order anything and they would cook some for us.  This is the first time we've been to a Panda Express when they offered to cook something.  All the locations we've been to in Oahu never make more even when we ask if it's close to the closing time.We were so hungry we asked staff if we could eat there and he said ok.  We were the only 3 people there.  We didn't mind that they were cleaning we just needed to eat because we were so tired and had an early flight the next day back home.All other Panda Express locations should have same standards about making food for customers even when it's close to closing time.
1	This location is so slow worst service ever
5	I just got out of class and I was very hungry so I stopped by Panda Express. It was about 30 minutes to closing and everyone was working hard to close up shop but as soon as I walked in they immediately greeted me. Service ... A+ The food was still hot and yummy and even though it was so close to closing I wasnt being served the "last leftovers" Food ... A
