4	Neil and I had a great time last night on the 'Burgh Brew Tour with Molly's Trolleys. The tour started at 5pm at Penn Brewery, then proceeded to East End, Full Pint, and finally Boyd & Bair Vodka distillery.Penn Brewery was cool as usual. We got there a bit early to have a beer and chill at the bar. Happy hour was going on, so 2 pints of beer was $6-- score! The tour started, and our guide gave us a little history about the place in the courtyard. We went back inside and had 3 beer samples (about 8-10oz each), a pierogi and a soft pretzel. The pierogi was delish, and the Penn Dark was the best of the samples. We all hopped on the trolley, and made our way to East End. The trolley is super clean and nice, and we got to do beer samples and trivia on the drive to East End!East End Brewery is a small operation, and they're primarily a growler filling station. I'll write my review of them, but it's a pretty chill place with helpful, hipster staff.Full Pint Brewery is way out in North Versailles. They're a larger operation situated in a big warehouse. They had 6-8 beers on tap, which you could sample or get full pints (hey, a pun!) of. The Rye Imperial Stout, Perc E Bust, and All-In Amber were my favs. We were supposed to get a tour of the brewing facilities, but for unknown reasons, that never happened. We still had fun hanging out with other peeps on the tour and the locals hanging out.Finally, after a pretty long drive, we ended up at Boyd and Blair. B&B are the only vodka distillery in PA, and they run a pretty small operation with only 4 employees. Despite the size, they've been wildly successful, and it was easy to see why after sampling. They make potato vodka from scratch, and we got a tour of how each step is done. It was great to have at least one educational tour on the Trolley, and the owner did a fantastic job answering all of our questions. I'm definitely a fan! We all got back in the Trolley which dropped everyone back off at Penn Brewery.All in all, it was well worth the $75/person for the tour. It made for a great birthday present for my hubby, allowing us to meet new people, taste lots of beers, and be safe while sampling!
