5	I would give this business TEN stars if that option was available!  I have a 2008 Toyota  Yaris that had a roof leak on the driver's side.  This was obviously a factory defect, and I regret that I didn't mention it to Toyota during my first few years of ownership-when it was just "spitting" out a drop.  By last June it was leaking to the point where it was hitting me on the head and shoulders when it rained. Neither the dealer nor Toyota corporation would cover it since the warranty had expired by then.  I took it to 2 separate repair places -the first said it was a windshield leak and resealed the windshield for $205.  Then they said they found  a Second leak"  in the roof seam and would not guarantee that repair. (It NEVER had a windshield leak-the roof leak was its ONLY leak.)  I next took it to a body shop that sprayed sealer for $40 and wouldn't guarantee it.  The car continued to leak on me when it rained. I was told the way this car is made it would take more money to find the leak than the car was worth!  I called another body shop and was told on the phone they would charge SEVERAL HUNDRED dollars just to take the headliner down and look and that it had probably rusted beyond repair at this point.My mechanic, Nick's Auto Repair, recommended MIDWOOD AUTO CRAFT.  JASON WALLER, from this business took the headliner down, hosed the roof, found 2 small pinpoint leaks, fixed them, cleaned all the glue gunk off, AND scrubbed the brown water stains off  the headliner after he reinstalled it.  Plus he gave me a ride home AND picked me up after the repair.  His charge ZERO!  This man REFUSED to take a penny for anything he did including the gas to transport me back to his shop!  He has restored my faith in humanity!  I tried to INSIST that he take some money and he continued to REFUSE!  I have been driving around all this time, dealing with the leak and living in fear that my entire car  was going to rust away and that basically without spending several THOUSAND dollars there was no hope!  Jason took pictures and showed me there was no rust or damage.  I can not say enough GOOD things about this business!  If you ever need any body work on your vehicle, rest assured that this business will be honest and reasonable!
5	An honest, affordable body shop? Yes, they do exist! Came here to buff out an ugly dent. After getting several HIGHER (double) estimates in town, I came here.Jason (the owner) was very professional, courteous, and gave me a very reasonable estimate. Car was fixed 100%, on-time as promised, andWith other minor scratches buffed out. It was cleaned and vacuumed too.Hope I never have to come back for a fender bender, but its worth the drive from the suburbs.
5	Best  car experience ever.  My car looks brand new.   Jason is a very hard working honest man.  My car was fixed in 4 days and is perfect.  Do not go any where else for body work!
5	Excellent service!!! I stopped by after work to have a loose spot on my bumper checked out. I was expecting to get an estimate and schedule an appointment to drop off my car. Imagine my surprise when I was told it was a simple fix, and he came out to fix it on the spot! To top it all off, he didn't charge me a dime! Hopefully I won't need auto body work again, but if I do, I'll definitely come back :)
5	Very pleased with Midwood Auto Craft.  The owner Jason is a good guy and stands by his work.  They took very good care of my truck and did an excellent job.  I would not hesitate to use them again in the future and suggest anyone out there looking for any type of body work/paint give Jason a call.
