5	I always crave Vin Santo, even though I haven't been there for years, I still have family back in Middleton, and every time we visit, we have a feast! I truly believe it offers some of the best home made Italian food in the midwest. A real hidden Gem. And considering multiple family members have worked there in the past, we know what a tight ship is run, and how genuine the owners are in their hospitality and insistence for high quality in everything they do. Please give it a try, and DO NOT pass on the breadpudding/tiramisu for dessert : ) be warned that it may ruin you for life on anyone else's recipe!
5	Vin Santo rules!  This is a great casual restaurant that is owned/operated a local couple.  She can often be found running the front of the house and he is in the kitchen.  Their passion is reflected in the quality of their food and the high level of service provided to their guests.Their food is some of the best in the area - they focus on Northern Italian cusine.  It's simple, fresh, and delicious!  They always offer a variety of specials.  The portions are huge!  You definitely feel like you are getting your money's worth.  I have never left without leftovers.  My favorite dish is the Scampi Gabriella (jumbo shrimp sauteed with garlic, pancetta, and scallions finished with a white wine cream sauce served over linguini).  Awesome!!
5	This is easily the best Italian food in the Madison area.  I've never had a bad meal (or even a bad bite!) on a visit to Vin Santo.The seafood fettucini is really heavy on the seafood (they're not trying to stiff their customers!) and they basically serve BRICKS of incredible tiramisu.  Everything tastes so fresh and home-made and they offer a much more interesting menu than most "Italian" restaurants in Madison.I'm so happy that this locally-owned business has found great success - they have lots of regulars (like I used to be!) who keep coming back for the delicious food, big servings, friendly staff and relaxed atmosphere.  Vin Santo is a MUST for me when I'm in the area.
4	try their appetizer of steamed mussels and their excellent bread pudding (huge portion).  Their bread was mediocre. I couldn't remember what seafood pasta I ordered; it was satisfactory but not a surprise. The manager is very nice while the cook has a funny attitude. We went there craving for bread pudding at 5p right after they opened. As the waitress submitted our order to the chef, he said, "we don't serve desert at 5." Anyway, we got our sweet tooth satisfied along with some tea for an hr. I give 4 stars for the atmosphere and the menu selection.
5	Delicious!! Huge portions of very authentic Italian dishes.  All entrees, salads, apps and desserts can easily be shared.  Very cozy and wonderful servers.  Can't wait to go back!
3	I've now eaten twice at Vin Santo.  Both times the waitstaff has been professional, helpful, and speedy.  The music is at an appropriate level, the atmosphere is cozy, the decor tasteful.  The wine list is extensive, and many dishes on the menu seem appetizing and imaginative at first glance.  With all of these elements going for it, I have high expectations for the food.  Although some of it is delicious, some significant problems have arisen when I've dined there.I have had both the bruschetta and the mussels as appetizers.  The bruschetta portion was a bit smaller than I expected, but it packs a large amount of flavor into the bites.  The tomatoes tasted fresh and sweet, and balanced well against the (presumably) homemade pesto.  The fresh bread served at the table is similarly warm, with a crisp crust and toothsome interior.  The mussels are flavorful and delicious, but they don't come with any bread to sop up the flavorful broth that remains after the mussels have been eaten.  Our plate was whisked away before we had a chance to ask for any bread to go with the sauce.Two of my companions ordered the Ravioli al Vin Santo; both liked and finished the dish.  It is one of four vegetarian options (the Fettucini alla Putenesca does not list meat, but I've never heard of a putanesca sauce made without anchovies), which was a welcome surprise for the vegetarian with whom I dined.  One companion ordered the Insalata di Caesare (which also has unlisted anchovies in the dressing), and found it flavorful, if unimaginative.  A fourth companion ordered the Lasagna del Giorno (that day it was with roasted chicken), and savored every bite.  A fifth companion ordered the Fettucini alla Putenesca, of which I tried a bite.  The spinach fettucini was fresh and delicious, and the sauce was perfectly salty.  My entree, the Campenelli il Diavolillo, was pretty awful.  The combination of meat and seafood in a dish can be done artfully, but this felt like a clumsy mishmash of shrimp, chicken, and Italian sausage.  The sausage was very sweet and seemed to lack enough oregano, basil, and garlic.  It clashed notably with the rest of the dish.  The shrimp and chicken were both cooked well, and were tender and juicy.  The pasta was fresh and tasty.  It was really a shame that the "spicy garlic broth" as described by the menu translated into nearly an inch of oil at the bottom of the dish, making the entire dish almost inedible.  All portions were huge.The desserts are delicious.  The tiramisu, which I sampled on my first visit, is fluffy and sweet.  I tried to order it on my return visit, but the waitress told me she had sold the last piece to a table that came in after us.  Since we arrived at 5 p.m., this came as quite a shock.  It seems unlikely that they started the evening's service with more than one piece of tiramisu, and seems like profoundly poor planning.  The bread pudding, while not much to look at, is also delicious, though it is so rich that by the time we finished one portion (between three people) it almost felt like i was eating a stick of butter rolled in cinnamon.I can't say I'll be back anytime soon.  I have to disagree with Zenide R.'s assertion that it's "easily the best Italian food in the Madison area."  For the price, both Lombardino's and Tutto Pasta make better Italian food, and I shall stick to those restaurants in the future.
5	I went here for a friend's graduation dinner. The seating area was filled. We had reservations and they were right on time. The service and level of professionalism was great. The menu is vegan friendly with a few delicious options. I tried a friend's baked eggplant dish and it was by far the best eggplant course I've ever had. Many people in my party ordered the lasagna and loved it. I ordered the pesto and was disappointed. The homemade noodles were good but the pesto didn't have the pop of basil I was hoping for. Despite the pesto sauce, the experience as a whole was great. I would definitely recommend this establishment.
4	I went to Vin Santo with some work colleagues while in Middleton for a conference, and it was terrific!  The restaurant is small, with dimmed lights, which makes for a cozy setting.  The hostess and waitress were very welcoming.We arrived around 7:45 on a Tuesday, and we were the only people in the restaurant, which seemed unusual, but maybe it was because it was a weekday?  Anyway, I ordered the scampi carciofi, which consisted of shrimp, garlic, artichokes, olive oil, and cherry tomatoes served over spinach fettuccine.  The portion was HUGE, and the food was fresh and very tasty.  My colleagues had the eggplant parmigiana, which looked and smelled delicious, and a chicken dish that I can't remember the name of, but which also looked pretty good.  I'm not sure Vin Santo is the best place for a business dinner, but for a romantic date, it's perfect.  I will make sure to come back here whenever I am in the Madison area, and I would recommend it to anyone looking for a hearty, delicious Italian meal.
4	We fell into Vin Santo on a busy Friday night before a recent marathon that the PIC was running in.  Despite the wait (45 minutes) the owner (a sweet and thoughtful English woman) made every effort to accommodate us and move us up the list, even asking other patrons if they minded waiting just a couple more minutes.  As for the food, none of us could complain about being short-changed...especially the PIC who was carb-loading.  The plates were absolutely delicious and huge (I thoroughly enjoyed the Salsiccia Rossa--pasta with so much homemade Italian sausage that I had to take it home without noodles!).  We all walked away thinking we couldn't have picked a better spot nor gotten a better deal.The decor was very nice and clean and the staff as mentioned previously was very helpful.  We'll definitely be back.
4	Great food, large portions and attentive staff.
3	Great Italian eatery. The atmosphere is homey and intimate. I had the spaghetti with pine nuts, olives, capers, and anchovies in homemade tomato sauce. This dish was alright. I liked the idea of adding pine nuts, but the olives AND capers made it too salty for my tastes. I had some leftovers and they were definitely better the next day even if they were still a little salty. DEFINITELY get the Tirimasu cake while there. It was wonderful. Not too rich, but soaked in expresso and very flavorful. There is a mascarpone cheese based whip cream which is light and not too sweet that makes the cake amazing.
4	Balling in Middleton. Definitely a good place if you don't mind driving from Madtown.
4	My boyfriend surprised me for Valentines day here, impressive I know :).  It was like we were back in Italy.  It's a tiny little place with very authentic italian dishes.  They make the lasagna fresh in individual servings when you order it.  It was amazing.  I had the seafood pasta (my standard order) which was HUGE.  I mean you should definitely split this.  We ended the night with the tiramisu .... and let me tell you, I am a tiramisu connoisseur (i pretty much order it every time it's on the menu) and this was the BEST tiramisu I have ever had.  It even beats the stuff I had in Italy.  All in all this a perfect romantic, date place and I would definitely return.
5	"Ummm Good. Yummy. Tasty. What is this delicious piece? Do you wanna try this? It's good."Those are pretty much what my bf and I said to each other during our Valentine's day dinner. No footsies or romantic hand holding but just shuffling forks with an extreme eager to try each other's plate. Vin Santo is THAT good. I got seafood Ravioli with pine nuts, which completely blew me away. It is by far the best Italian food I've ever had. They made their own bread: crisp and tender. Their Tiramisu will brighten up all of your taste bulbs. Appetizers and desserts are made for sharing, so be friendly to each other, less conservative and share. Go make a reservation now. You'll love this place.
4	Party of 4 celebrating a birthday...Seated immediately. Intimate seating, some chairs a little close. Food was delivered piping hot and service was good. Food we had was the lasagne(huge portions) and salmon and one spaghettti, all outstanding. No salads, but they looked good. The only annoyance was the chef/owner? Numerous times during our dinner he was grumbling/shouting loud enough for us to hear from our table, kinda shouting at his sous chef or someone in the kitchen and on several occasions came out and sat and kinda watched people eating..(weird)and grumbled to the hostess about not doing her job.In appearance, she seemed to be very efficient at her job and had stopped at our table and asked how our food was, etc. Upon leaving, he was in the front of the house grumbling again....Not a good thing to do! I would go again, based on the food, but hope this manleaves his sour attitude out of the customers face..Tiramusu amazing. Fed all four of us with no problem.
4	Was up in Madtown from Chicago to run the Crazylegs and used that as a nice excuse to carbo load.Was absolutely blown away by the food here.  There is plenty of great Italian in Chicago and this was equal to better than anything I've had in Little Italy.We split a couple caesar salads, Salsiccia Rossa, Pollo Tuscana, and Linquini Pecorino.  Everything was incredible fresh and tasty.  Pasta was cooked to a PERFECT al dente on all dishes.  Nothing was oversauced.  The homemade Italian sausage was awesome (wish it was spicier). Honestly some of the best homemade Italian I've ever had.Ambiance is great, feels like you're in someone's home.  The tables and chairs look like a collection from a garage sale... mean that in a good way.  There'a a really tiny bar upfront that seats 4 people.Do NOT miss the tiramisu-- simple sensational.  Canoli was good but was my least favorite part of the meal.  Shell was a little too overcooked for me and found the filling to be good but a little gritty.All in all easy 4, if not 4.5 stars.  Will be back next time up in the area.,
5	Adam was my server and did a great job of suggesting things as well as being a helpful opinion when I was choosing between one dish or another...-Calamari was heavenly and really hearty and heavy...this is not the kind of calamari that you get at Olive Garden or most Italian restaurants...this was heavenly...perfect bit of spiciness and the portion was enormous-Scampi Gabriela...was amazing...the pasta was perfectly al dente...and the shrimp were huge...a legitimate dinner portion that you had to take home-Bread Pudding for dessert...not at all the type that you get at other restaurants again...this was mushy and didn't resemble the bread pudding I'm use to...but it was actually the best bread pudding I've ever had...it was simply mouthwatering-I had a glass of pinot noir with my dinner and it was a great accompaniment to my mealOne of the owners...Clarissa came by and personally asked how I liked the food and the service...we had a long chat...told her what I loved and a few pointers...she has the same name as my mom so I instantly felt a connection with her...This is a MUST when in town...I will definitely be back!
1	I would love to rate their food, but never got the opportunity.  Happened to stop there on a Saturday evening at about 5:45p and could not even get in the door because the hostess was blocking the area with a party of four.  Instead of taking the party aside so we could enter, and I should point out I was on crutches, she had us wait outside until she could seat them.  We entered AND STEPPED ASIDE so others could enter.  There were three in a our party.  When she asked if we had reservations, I replied no,  and she commented NO?  You KNOW IT IS SATURDAY.  I wanted to say yes, yesterday was Friday and tomorrow is Sunday.  Instead I replied that I was TERRIBLY sorry i did not realize i needed a reservation, and she once again reminded me it was SATURDAY.  I had never been there and did not realize that it was a quaint, small place.  Had I known, I would certainly made a reservation.  I probably will not make a reservation and try the menu since the hostess obviously thought I did not know what day it was.  Yes, it is probably my loss, but I don't enjoy being insulted.
5	I can't think of anything bad to say about Vin Santo! The prices are the same as Olive Garden but the food is 10x the quality and 5x as authentic!  I have eaten at Vin Santo five times now and I am never disappointed, everything I have had is delicious, and the dessert (bread pudding, tiramisu) is to die for.  The owner is very sweet and accommodating and she is there everytime I go, it's a local family owned business with world class cuisine!
4	Really a wonderful Italian Food experience.Everything was delicious.  Service was attentive, but not overly stuffy.Bread pudding is unattractive, but super delicious.Price is high, but worth it.
4	Everything was baked fresh, so expect a little bit of a longer wait, but well worth it. Very generous portions -- best plan would probably be to get salads and split an entree or plan to bring some home with you. I had the italian sausage lasagna, which was very very good.
3	I would rate vin santo at 2.5 stars for food and 4 stars for service. I guess I'm used to great Italian fare in San francisco, but the food at Vin Santo didnt quite cut it for me both times I've eaten here. The portions are large, but taste doesnt cut it for me.
5	This is a wonderful family-owned Italian restaurant, probably the best Italian food I've ever had. Definitely the best in Dane County! Get the pasta almatriciana, it's to die for.
5	Outstanding! This was our first time here and it was great. The server was very nice and responsive (he could have known a little more about the wine selection, but that wasn't a big deal). The food was great, light sauces and tons of flavor. We will definitely be back!
5	This is my new favorite restaurant in the Madison area.  Everything that crossed our table from the fresh pastas to the delicious sauces was a treat.  The portions were generous and the prices reasonable.  The calamari in the appetizer was tender and delicious in a rich and spicy tomato/fennel sauce.  The puttanesca sauce was dense with olives and the whole cloves of roasted garlic were a real treat.  The bread pudding was very good, but for me was a little heavy on the cinnamon.  I think I'll go with the Tiramisu next time.  Our water was pleasant and attentive.  The atmosphere was casual and cozy/romantic...  but I would rather see real candles on the tables vs the battery operated tea lights.
4	GET THE BREAD PUDDING!!!...This is a nice restaurant that is cramped and casually decorated. The food is the stand out. The front is run by one of the owners and her service is very brief as she seats you and quickly moves on to the next task. The waitresses do a great job with the specials and describing the menu. Food is delivered in an acceptable amount of time. You can see the chef and the kitchen through the window between the kitchen and the dining room which is always fun. Their red sauce has a bit of spicy heat to it. My wife and I really do like this place for its great food and for its character.
3	Average food, good service, poor ambience. If you want something a lot better and don't mind the extra bucks, go around the corner to Louisianne's.
4	Fresh Italian food with a emphasis on fish dishes and cream sauces.
1	I had an unbelievable experience yesterday. I went to Vin Santo hoping to order some food to go. Upon brief greeting the owner informed us that they "don't do takeout on the weekend". This is astonishing and something that has never happened to me before.  I am a foodie an have dined on 5 different continents, including Michelin rated restaurants. Shocked, we went to Villa Dolce where the owner was very accommodating to our take out request. The food was delicious and very reasonably priced. Your loss Vin Santo. We are never coming back.
4	All I ever want is to go to a restaurant and get a giant bowl of fresh pasta that is stuffed with seafood, and that's what I got! They are super duper friendly here.  It is a nice restaurant, but not stuffy at all.  Leave the tuxes at home boys. The atmosphere is more casual and quaint. The dishes are more rustic Italian, rather than fancy schmansy Italian. The bread pudding comes a little messy, but so good, the table will definitely fight for it.There isn't much seating, so be sure to make a reservation ahead of time. You can even do it online, so that's cool. Plus, the aroma is completely mouth watering.  Can't wait to go back there. Need. More. Pasta.
5	Soooo good!!!!!!!!!! Went here last night after trying and not being thrilled with another restaurant in the area. This was the greatest little find ever! The food was fantastic and service was amazing. We had a huge bowl mussels which we slopped up with the homemade bread. I had a white cream garlic sauce pasta with chicken, sun dried tomatoes, mushrooms, and tons of garlic (and I mean tons!) It was one of the best pasta dishes I've ever eaten. Husband had a spicy red sauce that was very flavorful with tons on pancetta. Both dishes has really wonderful fresh spinach pasta. Portions were huge and had leftover which I had today which almost tasted even better after soaking up all that yummy sauce. I'm telling you, you have to try this place. We will definitely be back for top notch Italian food!
4	Great food, portions could be smaller. A little pricey for Middleton. Would try somewhere else next time but would also not hesitate to return.
5	One of Middleton's hidden gems.  It's our favorite place to go for special occasions! Be sure to try the "lasagna of the day". It's always worth it.
2	it was okay.....small place but the food was good....large portions....
2	Does not live up to a recent review in Madison paper.  Cons: Too pricey & ala carte.  The pasta dishes in range $15- $20. The entrees: $20 - 30. The decor needs fresh paint and new carpet  and the restroom slightly grotty. Server forgot to put in some of our order.  My ravioli vin santo was lacking flavor.  Need to serve parmesan cheese with the bread & oil.Plus: Nice people.  Good Tuscan mushroom soup.For the tiny storefront, family restaurant it is priced too high which sets your expectations higher and does not live up to those expectations.  It would be fine for your corner Italian joint for everyday meals if they offered a salad with the meal and cut their $$.
1	Unbelievably disappointed.  I'm in town for business, and went on a week night.  They were not terribly busy, but as a solo diner, I was treated quite poorly.  Mostly ignored during my meal, I had to get up to chase someone down just for a water refill.  Not once did anyone check on my meal (I would have loved a second glass of wine), which wasn't stellar anyway.  I did stop and tell the woman at the front that not every diner has the luxury of being able to eat with family or friends, and that I felt my service was horrible.  Maybe it'll spare the next person eating alone and hoping for good service.I travel to Madison Wi frequently for work, and I can tell you that they'll not get repeat business from me.
3	Vin Santo is a good, but small Italian restaurant in Middleton.There's a larger selection of pastas at this place than most other Italian restaurants in the area. But other than that, it seems like the standard Italian. The lasagna is okay, but small. But most of the pasta dishes are legit and are served with good portions. Service is kind of slow and I'd recommend getting a reservation on weekends.Nonetheless, dessert is great. Though expensive, their Italian bread pudding and tiramisu are huge and tasty.
4	I absolutely loved this little restaurant! Its tucked away and has a very intimate atmosphere. The Italian food tastes homemade and authentic.This is a great place for a date but not for a family.
3	The food is very good, but overpriced.My wife's favorite dessert is bread pudding and I was told this place has the best bread pudding around, and it did not disappoint, it was excellent. The food was also very good. My wife ordered mushroom and onion ravioli and her dish was better than mine. I ordered a pasta dish with sauteed shrimp, spicy italian sausage and chicken. It was also excellent, but I thought it could've done without the chicken. I started with a caesar salad and it tasted really fishy. Also, the portions are huge, if you're going with one other person, you could probably split everything.The service was excellent, but the decor wasn't very appealing, and as other reviewers have mentioned, it's a very small space. I'd check it out, especially to try the bread putting, but it's not a must.
3	Nice place.  Like others said not really that impressive on the inside, the tables are really jammed in there.  I guess that ok if you don't mind you waitresses butt in your face and food when she is at the table next to you.  I ordered pasta with scallops, shrimp, mussels, and calamari with a slightly spicy tomato sauce.  It was ok.  The pasta was cooked perfect.  And again like others said, it really lacked salt.  The seafood was good lots of mussels could have used more shrimp and scallops and a lot less squid!  My wife had the special of giant homemade ravioli with a caramelized onion and portabello mushrooms in a balsamic sauce.  This was really tasty.  The bread pudding is amazing!  Not pretty to look at but delicious!  The coffee is great too!  Would give more stars if they used a little more salt and a few less tables.  I would have also liked to see a few more meat choices.  The menu is really mostly seafood and chicken.  A few sausage offerings but no other choices of meat.  A nice steak would do wonders.
3	With all of the Italian restaurants in Madison It's hard for me to give this place more than 3 stars. We started out with Mussels that were served in a butter sauce. The mussels tasted a little bit fishy for my liking. For my main course I had veal tortellini. The better half had a shrimp pasta in a white cream sauce. Her dish was far btter than mine. For desert we had bread pudding and tiramisu. Both were excellent.  My Biggest gripes about this place were the kitchen is super small, so it can take quite a while to get your food. Also, they have very few options for kids.
5	BEWARE: SERVING SIZES ARE GINORMOUS!We did not know this^^ and over-ordered!! Next time the BF and I are splitting a plate of pasta! Calamari appetizer was SO inexpensive and SO much food! In fact I think all their dishes are underpriced for the quantity that you get. This was the most delicious app I have had--so flavorful and so FRESH! On top of the calamari we also got the sausage pasta and the seafood pasta. Both had heaping amounts of food and delicious in their own sense. We were seafood-ed out after the appetizer so we were devouring the sausage pasta. The sauce for the sausage pasta was amazing--we took the noodles from the seafood dish and dunked it in the other plate's sauce to drink it all up :)
3	Not exactly a hot spot for me, dinner was good, but I've had better...
4	On rare occasions I am transported back to Italy--either by the ambiance, the hospitality, or the flavors of a restaurant. Tonight I have had that experience as a result of the hospitality and flavors of Vin Santo. I had the ravioli pasta special and it was wonderful. The decor is somewhat meh, but the food was great. The servers make the cocktails, which seemed odd. I will come back with each visit to Madison...
5	Authentic Italian food! Our goal of the night was to have a nice Italian dinner and not feel rushed to eat. Vin Santo successfully met our goal and went beyond. Walking in to Vin Santo felt like walking into your Italian Grandmothers kitchen (in the best ways). Our server was fantastic and remained attentive to us throughout the meal. Most may find it expensive, however, for $99 two people were able to share a bottle of wine, share a desert, and we both had an entree that provided leftovers for the next day. CON: Too many good options and I could only order one entree.We will definitely be going back there soon to try their other items on the menu.
5	My wife and I ended up here because it had outdoor seating and was happy to accommodate our dogs.  It had excellent service.  The food was fantastic.  The plates we had were simple fare with exceptional ingredients.  The chef did a wonderful job mixing and balancing flavors.  Even the bar tender nailed the Bellini's. It is very reasonable priced by which I mean a good, long dinner (2 hours+) for two with appetizer and drinks will probably come to about $100.  It is worth it!  If just having dinner and a glass of wine expect somewhere closer to $50-$60.  This is a great place to dine!
3	After looking around Madison for a good and authentic Italian place, Vin Santo has the potential.  The pasta is definitely fresh, and the tiramisu was very good.  Downsides - I felt that the dishes could have used more finesse in the seasoning and flavor and less in the overall amount, they were tasty but did not just pop out at me.  For instance, the ravioli was great - good pasta and sauce, but the spinach stuffing was just bland.  Nevertheless, I will go back - need to find out if some of those spicier dishes are truly spicy.
5	This is one of my favorite restaurants in Middleton. The hostess and servers are friendly, and the food is delicious. Entrees are large and flavorful. Salads are also large and fresh. Salad is not included with an entree, but if you decide to add one to your order, I suggest splitting it. The salad is large enough to be a meal for some folks. For an entree, I highly recommend the scampi diavalio. It's a heavenly dish with campanelle pasta, sausage, chicken, shrimp, bell peppers, onions, and olive oil. There are also some red pepper flakes to add a spicy kick, but the spice is definitely not overpowering to my taste. Overall, this is a wonderful local restaurant with a cozy, friendly atmosphere and great food. I highly recommend it.
5	Visiting town w work.Wanted a good meal.Food and atmosphere were excellent.I will visit again when back in town
5	Went for hubby birthday food was excellent top notch service in a warm cozy place had Pollo alla marsala very tasty hubby had scampi divi Olla said the shrimp were perfect fresh homemade pasta we will be back
4	Went to Vin Santo during a recent trip to Madison and was pleasantly surprised to find this gem of an Italian restaurant. This is NOT your typical red-sauce italian! We started with a Cesar Salad and Calamari in a spicy roasted tomato sauce. The Calamari was tender and the sauce rich and luxurious. Apps and Salads are sized to share. My meal was chicken Marsala - and was not your typical. The sauce was chunky with mushrooms and bacon pieces and a little sauce giving it sensational flavors. For dessert we shared a Tiramisu and it was the best I'd even had - and was big enough for a family! Ambiance was spare but comfortable, service was friendly and very attentive. If decor was fluffed a little I'd give 5 stars! Highly recommend!
5	I took my extended family of 7 here for a special dinner to Vin Santos and it was perfect. Our server was very knowledgeable about the menu and prompt with our drinks and food. We had mussels as an app., and the only complaint was that we should have ordered 2 of them. Yum. The best meal ordered at the table was a pasta with goat cheese over a tomato base sauce - Fresh campenelli with toamto basil sauce with goat cheese and toasted pine nuts. Lasagna was good, seafood was tasty, and the other pasta dish we ordered was terrific.
4	Great food great wine I would recommend we had kids went early everything was splendid
5	Has always been one of my favorites and last night was no exception.  Our server was professional and pleasant.  The food was fresh and prepared perfectly.  Portions continue to be so large that you can enjoy your meal the next day as a left over.The lasagne, which takes extra time to prepare was amazing.  Huge and full of homemade sausage.  It came bubbling and cheesy.  The eggplant parm was loaded with Vin Santo homemade red sauce and the eggplant was lightly dusted and sauteed - no heavy frying or oily mess....just delightful.  Salads are fresh and the dressing is tasty and not heavy.  If I could eat their nightly without gaining 1000 pounds, I would.
5	Neighborhood gem and one of the finest Italian meals I've had anywhere.  Homemade pasta was perfect, meats were prepared just right, and the sauce was out of this world!  Staff was attentive and friendly.
2	I stopped in for a salad and glass of port in the early evening, wanting to relax before an evening of paperwork and a late supper. The salad and port were good. The hostess was pleasant. But otherwise the service was unprofessional and dispiriting, hence the two stars.The server was middle-aged but acted as sullen as a teenager. He didn't check in at all after bringing the food, not even to top up the water. When he collected the plate, I told him, "It was wonderful"--which it had been. "Good," he chirped. When he brought the check, I thanked him and he actually responded "Yeah."I might go back, because it's generally a nice ambience and the food was good. But not anytime soon.
