5	Layalina's Mediterranean Grill recently opened up and is very delicious. Champaign-Urbana has been missing a good Mediterranean restaurant and Layalina's has filled the void. The entrees are amazing with options ranging from shish kabob and lamb to quail. This place will not disappoint you at all I guarantee.
4	Food is good but it looks terrible inside and outside. Not a place for a date but the services and food are wonderful.
2	The food tasted good, but they were out of chicken shawarma. Like getting into a porta-potty and realizing there's no TP - fine for some of us, but probably quite the disappointment for others.It was amateur hour in the service department. The person who waited on us appeared to have never dined in a restaurant before. The food came out one dish at a time over a period of 15 minutes, leaving one person finished with his meal before the last guy was served.The tables were covered in Saran wrap. The water had no ice. The silverware rolling station / break room / auxiliary storage shelf was one of the booths in the dining room. Dude, don't do that. Just don't do it.The blinds and walls were caked in a thick layer of dust, as if they had been sanding new drywall and never cleaned up, or worse - they had not been sanding drywall.The outside should have been warning enough not to go inside. What a dump. The kindergartener they hired to do the painting must have subbed it out to a blind guy. These folks brought a 5-gallon bucket to clean up a 10-gallon shit. Some buildings are just meant to be razed.It would be a one-star joint if I had gotten food poisoning, but I've made it a couple days and so I'll give it a second star for the tasty falafels.I hate to be so harsh, and the food tasted good, but you cannot expect to be successful if you are also willing to be so sloppy.
4	UPDATE : VERY SORRY to hear about the fire!! Hard to believe, such bad luck. I surely hope you had good insurance.Be strong, start over, we need your skill and tasty food!  Please let us know if you get another start somewhere else, hopefully still on campus.------------------------------------------------Starting glitches have been mentioned. Somehow that rang an uncomfortable bell! (Not to turn this political, but I wish we wouldn't hold an immigrant family offering excellent food, at standards degree of magnitude higher than the standards we hold our government and Dear "Leader" to. Another difference is between a family possibly risking their last penny into a business and a bunch of entitled profiteers in D.C. burning billions and trillions of OUR, not their money!)Sorry for the (justified yet off-topic) rant. The good and on-topic news is that the dishes themselves are very good, and by no means do I regret stopping by Layalina.I tried it today. I am only withholding five stars because I plan to visit it again and (hopefully) confirm my positive impressions.Yes, the place looks like a cafeteria. Golden Harbor, the best Chinese place in town, doesn't look differently. If you want fancy ambiance, avoid. I don't go there for dates, but for the FOOD.Layalina didn't seem dirty to me at all. It seems reasonably clean as food-making is concerned (I can't hold them responsible for the aspect of the building), the cooks even wear those single-use plastic gloves, which I liked. [Yes, please keep it all safe.]Are there some minor organizational glitches having to do with them having just opened? Probably yes but, really folks, let's give them a break. Starting a business today.... in these times.... should we expect perfection? It seems to be a family, a very nice family (the counter guy was friendly and polite) which went into restaurant business and.... guess what.... the FOOD so far made me happy. Remember the food? We almost don't have this kind of tasty Mediterranean cuisine in U-C anymore, with Istanbul and Holy Land gone. The miraculously surviving campus "Jerusalem" is an ongoing joke, not only (famously grumpy) service-wise, but also the quality of the food isn't there. I really hope this new place survives.At Layalina I had a chicken shaorma sandwich... excellent. Very good deal, at a low price. Mouth-watering, nicely marinated, tasty yet not strident sauce. I also got an appetizer plate - very good homemade humus and baba ganouj [ganoush], the stuffed grape leaves also good, their filling I mean... but they need to find better, less stringy jarred grape leaves [not easy in the U.S.] Overall very happy with food quality so far.I really wish them good luck, and to improve on the minor "glitches" - the potential for a nice place to consistently get exciting food is definitely there. I plan to go back and "update" my "stars" soon, either up or down. Hopefully up.
5	I had both the Chicken Shawarma and Falafel Sammich. Both amazing. The experience for me was like being a T-Rex eating up Jeff Goldblum in Jurassic Park(alternate reality). I devoured him and he was delicious. Nom Nom.To the father and son working the restaurant. I'm sorry for your loss. I wish the place didn't burn down. I hope you can get up again find a new location in Champaign and serve up some more delicious Shawarma.
2	Well, that didn't last long.Layalina burned to the ground Saturday, November 16, 2013.
5	This is actually just to let you know that Layalina has reopened a couple of blocks over, at 401 S. First St, the old Minneci's location. I did not go in, but I did see the "Open" sign today, Saturday Feb. 8 2014.
4	This restaurant has reopened at the corner of Springfield Ave and 1st St, where Minucci's used to be.
4	Really affordable pricing! Delicious food! Just wish they served alcohol (maybe I'm just a lush though).This is a great place to go if you're vegetarian/vegan and they have a very friendly staff. We'll be back.
