4	My kids have been here for 4 years.  Some teachers are amazing, and some are only very good.  There is a surprising amount of diversity here, also.  Jewish and non-jewish, white, asian, african-american.  It's nice to see.  The kids are a bit over-indulged at home, but the uniforms and "no-electronics" rule help to overcome that.  Also, this is a drug-free campus.  Starting in middle school, each child has to sign something permitting random drug tests.  I am a big civil rights person, but I like the idea of not worrying about my kids for just a few hours each day.  Sometimes I worry about the expense, and what I could do with that money instead.  I've heard people say that the public school education isn't that bad...  This isn't the place I want to take chances.
4	I signed my 6 year-old son up for a summer reading program and one of the locations was here at this school. It is quietly tucked away on Hillpointe and securely locked down. There is a gate and a guard and you have to talk to him to get in. You can't just drive up to the gate and he lets you in, you have to tell him why you are there. But that's safe thinking for kids and it makes me feel better. The school inside is super clean and nice. Very nice school.
5	This is our only school experience as parents, so keep in mind that we have nothing to compare it to. That being said, I wouldn't even think about sending my child anywhere else! The staff is truly like one big family welcoming you with open arms. It is clear that everyone there has your childs' best interest in mind. -The campus is guard gated, giving you piece of mind about your child's safety. -There is structure and routine in the classes, creating a level of comfort and familiarity for the children. This then translates to the home making our own morning or bed-time routine easier for him to want to follow. -Each day is filled with a combination of different ways to learn the same thing. For example; First a book will be read. Then a song pertaining to that story will be sung, usually with a dance move or two. Then art projects coinciding with the book are done using different tactile skills. I wish I could have had an opportunity to learn this way when I grew up. It is fun to watch my son come home and teach me! -I thoroughly look forward to my emails from his teachers that tell me all about their daily agenda. This way while he's at home, I can ask him the appropriate questions to reinforce what he's been taught at school. -I love that they provide lunch for the kids without any option of bringing lunches from home. This eliminates the chance for them to be jealous of what another kid is eating. Also, there is no exchanging of money. -We took advantage of the after school programming and signed him up for Happy Feet. He gets so excited about having Soccer practice after school on Mondays!-I enjoy that he is being surrounded by Jewish culture, so he can grow up feeling like a proud and confident member of the Jewish community. -The location of the school is absolutely perfect for us, being in Summerlin, it takes exactly 2 and a half minutes to drive there. -Even though school starts at 8am, drop-off starts at 7:40, giving you a 20 minute window to get there. You can either pull up and they will take your child out of the car and walk him to class, or you can park and walk him in yourself. SOOO convenient! As you can see, I literally have no complaints. They have thought of absolutely everything to make our lives as parents easier and the childs' lives more enjoyable, while ultimately striving for the best in educational excellence. A job well done Adelson.
