4	This is one of the larger dry cleaners in Pittsburgh.  They also have a location in Shadyside, I believe.  They are pretty reliable here.  I've gotten my clothes back and my husband's clothes back on time.  The dry cleaning has been good.  The tailoring and altering is also good.
2	They were nice and fast but all of my shirts came back with a crease across the stomach that I couldn't iron out. I will not be returning.
4	Good, reliable dry-cleaning service. The prices are pretty good, especially for the quick turnaround. Haven't had any major issues, and I am generally pleased with the way my clothes turn out. My choice of dry cleaners for the Squirrel Hill area.
4	I'm traveling for some corporate training this week, so I had to have my business suit and a dress dry cleaned.  I have to say that they did a good job and were pretty prompt.  I've been very satisfied with this place in all the years I've been coming here.
5	Tisnplace gets 5 stars given the fact that this is the only or one of the very very few same-day (as long as your clothes are in before 11am) cleaners in Squirrel Hill. Thanks Footers for always coming through during my last minute needs!
2	I've been going here for about two years without any complaints because they are conveniently located. However, I met the owner for the first time a week or so ago when he refused my credit card to pay for a $2.50 shirt wash - understandable that he doesn't want to "pay a $1 fee on a $2.50 charge," but I never bring cash to this place since I'm usually on my way to or from the gym. The guy that works there pretty much every day had always taken a credit card, and when I asked the owner what the minimum is for using a card, he said "8, 9, or $10." Ooookay. Luckily my boyfriend had cash and could spot me.Then yesterday, the owner, instead of his employee, takes my dropped off clothes. The employee had been charging me $2.50 to get my women's dress shirts (not inordinately small or fussy, basically indistinguishable from men's shirts) laundered and pressed, and I noticed the owner charged me $6.50 for just a press. When I asked him why that was and if I could just get it washed and pressed to save the $4, he insisted that the charge to launder and press women's shirts was $3.50 because they have to be hand ironed. I tried to explain to him about 5 times that every other time I came in I'd gotten charged for a men's shirt since the shirts were virtually indistinguishable and wouldn't have been washed or pressed any differently. He either pretended not to understand what I was saying or just refused to listen and just kept saying that the extra charge is because women's shirts need to be hand ironed. Finally I got frustrated enough that I left and took all my clothes with me.I'm getting the impression that most dry cleaners in Pittsburgh use this kind of discriminatory pricing, which of course is understandable if the women's shirt in question is very small or has details. However, I'm hoping I can find a place that will just charge me the men's shirt fee for what is basically the same as a man's shirt - otherwise my boyfriend will be the one to take our clothes in because me being a woman is obviously the only reason this guy decided to charge me extra for a plain white dress shirt. Either way, the guy has no customer service skills whatsoever, and he just lost all my business over $1.
1	DO NOT USE THIS CLEANERS!They may do an OK laundry job on shirts, but as a dry cleaner, avoid! I took a suit jacket there to be cleaned after some children's liquid medicine was leaked on it during traveling. Tried to explain to extremely rude older female clerk what was the soiled area, should have known by her rudeness that she did not pay attention to me. The area was barely touched. Growing up in this area of Pittsburgh, the store is a landmark and is one of the few stores that remain from my childhood. It is a business that I remember my parents were frequent customers, sad to see it's customer service and quality to be so poor.
