4	A little overdone, I know, but I like chowing down here from time to time. First off, though, it's important to know going in that portions here are ginormous. If they say it serves 2, it actually probably serves 3 or 4. If they say something serves 3 or 4, it's probably 5 or 6. And so on and so forth. You get the idea. They have a few special eating areas, including the pope room, for larger groups, and the kitchen table, which is right in the middle of all the action. The kitchen table is a perfect conversation starter for dates and keeps things interesting throughout the course of your meal. Just be sure to get some to-go boxes when you're ready to go . . .
5	It took us an hour-and-a-half to get into Scottsdale's Buca di Beppo.  And this was right after a Giants game in spring training (March).I think one of the problems was that there are very few tables for two.  There are tables for four, tables for six or eight aplenty.  This is a family restaurant.You know something?  It was worth it.  Absolutely incredible meal, and very friendly service.  Just a wonderful experience.  Except for the waiting part.
4	Buca is the pioneer for family style Italian food. Everything on the menu is good especially the lemon chicken. Come with a family or group of people you enjoy spending time with and this restaurant will provide a very fun and memorable atmosphere. If you are lucky enough to reserve the kitchen table you will sit in the kitchen and watch the chefs prepare all the food as well as sample different dishes throughout your dining experience. For a large party, the Pope table will suit you well. It is a very large round table with a rotating Pope head in the middle, very interesting.  The only problem is if you are coming here with just one other person because the portions can be quite overwhelming and get expensive.
4	Buca De Beppo is a great place to go with all of your friends. I'm sick of being penalized with waits or reservations when a group of friends and I want to go out to eat at the last minute. Buca De Beppo however is different. With a family style menu and a mansion of a restaurant I have always got in very quickly. As I mentioned the menu is made to be ordered in either medium or large portions. The Medium portions are for about two or three people and the large are more around four or five. Last time I was there we had polenta and garlic breadf or appetizers. For entrees we had Caesar salad, chicken parmesan, and the manacotti. This was for six starving people. The chicken Parmesan is unlike any I have had. Instead of a basic fried chicken breast they  grill it and top it off with fresh tomato sauce and a little sprinkled cheese. The manacotti was also delicious and the cheese was so filling I could barely finish one. Our waitress was a bit flighty but she was nice. The ambiance of Buca is also very interesting you won't spend a dull moment at your table because the walls are engrossed with quirky photographs.
3	Revised: Mediocre food, but it's great for large groups because the portions are huge. To be fair, some of the food items are pretty good - above average even. However, some items are simply awful. Their chicken is crappy and their alfredo sauce is flavorless. Most of their dishes say "chain" to me. Their prices do not though. I've ordered takeout from this place more than a few times - typically pizza. For 20 bucks, you get a lot of food. I actually really like their pizza - the pepperonis they use are the size of your fist. The Caesar salad here is gross. Hit or miss from dish to dish. I have mixed feelings about Buca. I think I'm between a 3 and a 4 on this place... originally, I had this at a 4, but I'm now changing that to a 3. The service there is great and I really like the decor and atmosphere... it's just that the food can be so hit or miss. The main issue here is that there are several italian restaurants in spitting distance that are heaps better. This place serves the needs of a special niche - large group dining. Take a friend here for a birthday bash. Have a family get together here. Dungeons and Dragons reunion meeting. Dinner for two? Forget about it...
4	Buca Di Beppo is a chain restaurant and for that I dock a star, but they do have great Itailian food.Everything is family style so dont be surprised when the prices look high, almost every portion serves between 2 and 5 people.  I went on a business dinner with 8 of us and service was great.  Since they are used to handling big groups of people, our orders were nothing new.  Nice to be able to have a good meal with lots of people and finally not complain about the service.Decent wine selection, tasty desserts and a fun atmosphere.
4	For a chain I really like this place. The atmosphere is very casual, and the food is consistently delicious. This is a great place to go with a large group as they have so many little rooms. The portions are huge so order with care... Location is perfect -- great place to dine before hitting the old town Scottsdale scene later.Bar area is decent with a reasonable crowd around happy hour.
2	If your primary objective is to have a relaxing place to go with friends or the kids and the food does not matter very much the Buca Di Beppo is the place for you.  The food is OK but that it about it.  When you get past the quantity you realize that the food is pretty bland. It is the Olive Garden of family style Italian.  A chain that does family style right, although it is a bit more pricey, is Maggiano's Little Italy.  There you can get loud, enjoy your friends, but have much better quality food.
1	It was about 3 years ago,this restaurant made me wait 2 hours for a cold dish that they serve to us on the patio outside next to the dumpsters... when I complained to management about the location of our table near the dumpster, he told me and my guest that we should try this place when it's not so busy if we want nice seating.never again will i be in this trough...I have blacklisted this place and use it as an example of poor customer service.
4	People that go to places like Olive Garden and Buca, then complain about chain restaurants crack me up. It's like going to the DMV and expecting not to wait in line. You know what you're getting before you get there. Wise up. Buca is fun for a chain. Their eggplant parm rocks, as does their cesar salad. Four stars because you get to walk through the kitchen when you come in and they bring a wine bottle with the menu, I love not having to wait for wine. If you are looking for real home made Italian go to Giuseppe's. But if chain suits your fancy Buca is pretty cool.
2	Had our service been anything better than pathetically bad, Buca would be a solid 3 stars.  So here's the deal on the service.  I got a coupon in the mail for a free spaghetti with marinara.  That's what brought us in.  But we also ordered two appetizers and an entree to start with.  I commented that I thought the coupon was a nice idea to bring people in (give away a little spaghetti but sell twice that in other menu items).  His response was "yeah, if people are like you and order other stuff, but if they just order spaghetti and water... (insert monotone robotic voice)."  Well, okay then, he should be grateful we didn't do that.Everything we ordered was terribly slow to come.  Kitchen's fault?  Maybe, but we notice where the other servers on the patio are coming and going, our server is rarely seen and when he is around, he's dragging his feet appearing to be on his way to the gas chamber.  Other than taking and delivering our order, he did nothing for us.  While not rude, he was not pleasant or overly friendly either.  The other guys on the patio helped us out with drink refills, clearing plates, etc.  After a long wait at the end of the meal, he returned remarking someone else was supposed to be helping.  We ordered dessert to go, another terrible wait, and asked our food be boxed.  Finally, he brings the dessert and realizes he never brought the leftovers.  Off he shuffles.  Upon returning, he says he's sorry about the wait.  Not half as sorry as he would be upon seeing his tip I'm sure.As for the food, it's good, but nothing outstanding.  Even for family style plates, I think it's slightly overpriced.  When they say a small serves 2-3, that's 2-3 lunch sized portions.  If you're a "healthy" eater, count on 2.  Here's what we ordered:Small garlic bread.  Really good bread slathered in fresh garlic, but $7.99.  Yes, it's a good sized basket, but it's still just garlic bread.  Perhaps bread should be offered at no charge.  Small mozzarella caprese.  Five nice thick slices of tomato with good quality cheese and whole basil leaves.  $9.99 but worth it.Small spaghetti with marinara, normally $9.99 but free.  I would say this serves two for a main dish, three as a side.  Marinara was okay, nothing special.Small chicken parmigiana.  Tasty but overpriced at $17.99 for two breasts IMO.  Remember it does not come with any pasta, just the chicken.Tiramisu.  Best value at $9.95.  It's the size of a small pie and could easily serve four, but I didn't think it was fantastic.  It's a little too "wet," like you could squeeze the cake and get a cup of coffee out of it.We wanted to have a after-lunch drink, but the service turned us off to that.  Might come back, might not.
3	My nephew's birthday was last week and we came here because he wanted some good ole spaghetti & meatballs.The food wasn't spectacular, but it was good and really hit the spot!  Meatballs are the size of your head and the tomato sauce tasted more like freshly canned tomatoes rather than one that has been cooked down to stew..  But boy, the portions are HUGE!  We also had the penne with chicken & sundried tomato in cream sauce.  The pasta was cooke al dente and the flavors worked really well together in this dish.  And the chopped salad?  Good.  Stuffed mushroom?  Ok, but the pesto sauce outshined the mushrooms.Needless to say, we stuffed ourselves silly but still took leftover home to last for a week.  My nephew was happy and had the biggest smile when the entire dining room sang happy birthday to him.  This is a fun restaurant and a great place to celebrate a birthday!!
3	Ooooookay.  Here is the deal about buca.  I do enjoy the food but I am very outraged by the prices.  The waiter here has a crush on bradford and I'm straight but brad is a sexy guy.  Soe we got a couple of beers and an app and three meals for over a hundred clams after tax and tip.  So 1 star is deducted.  If you go there get the chicken saltimbocca.  Sheer delight!
3	I went for dinner when I was in town for business and therefore, I was alone. Seeing that I often go to the bar to eat, I was a bit put off when there were absolutely zero people in the bar area... the entire night. That's probably because the bar is completely removed from the restaurant. So that right there sort of made me feel a bit awkward, not even being able to feel the vibe of the rest of the place. I'll start off that I've been to Buca several times at different locations and have always love the atmosphere, food, vibe, etc. So please note this review is only for this particular Buca. I started with a cocktail (sorta bland and weak) and ordered a Caesar salad and baked ravioli. The bartender was kind enough to remind me the portions are large and said I could even order off the lunch menu. I really appreciated that. He then brought out some boring soft bread (a la Subway) with flavorless olive oil. I decided to wait for something better. The Caesar was OK.. nothing better than any average Caesar you would get anywhere else. Probably even less interesting than the store bought Cardini dressing I buy at the supermarket. The croutons were the best part. The baked cheese ravioli was pretty good. They came in a fresh marinara sauce with melted mozzarella cheese on them. The sauce was a nice fresh balance to the heavier cheese, though the ravioli themselves were light and very nice. Oh, I also had a glass of their 'best' Chianti by the glass.. ugh.. tasted like two buck chuck.. I don't think so, especially if you're an Italian restaurant. Overall, three stars for OK.. nothing special, I probably won't go back but won't discourage anyone else. I'm sure I'll check out another Buca again, just not this one.
5	Went for lunch and got right in!  The service was amazing and very friendly.  I had the ceasar salad (which was THE BEST ceasar salad I have ever had in my life)  Also ordered the chicken parmesan (lunch portion - not the normal HUGE one) and it was still almost more then I could eat.  It really was probably in my top 3 of the best chicken parmesan I have ever ate in my life.  I am a sucker for it!  We sat there for about 2 hours talking (was kind of a business meeting) and they kept refilling us, and it was pleasant.  I love this location (besides the construction going on around downtown Scottsdale!
2	I do not understand how a plate of pasta and a glass of wine can turn into a $60 bill. Quality of the dish is more in line with a $5 plate fom a food court.
3	So we decided to have Thanksgiving Italian style. I have been here before, and have enjoyed it. They offered a Thanksgiving dinner including sliced turkey, green beans,  stuffing but we went with Italian flare.       Had the mozarella caprese salad, spagetti and chicken parmasean and garlic bread. What I was really craving was a cannoli!! Maybe it was from the recent airing of all three Godfather movies? But lo and behold when I ordered cannolis, I was informed they had ran out!! How can you run out of cannolis!! So I was disappointed!! But at least we got to sit at the table in the kitchen which is smack in the kitchen when you walk through, kind of like a Goodfellas moment!
4	For those of you that don't realize... Buca's is a franchise resturant. I found my first Buca's back home in PA and was pleasently surprised at the food. I am a bit fussy about eating Italian out especially when it comes to red sauce. I like my gravy SMOOTH! Not chunky. My german girlfriend on the other hand loves chunky gravy. The amount of food you get is amazing and a small entree can surely be shared by 2 people so don't let the prices scare you. We ordered chicken carbanara white is in an alfredo style sauce with peas, panchetta bacon, chicken and proschuitto. She got a side of marinara which was some what chunky but not quite as spicey as she likes. But overall the meal was delicious to me even though the bacon was not panchetta. We also had Italian wedding soup which was NOT traditional but was equally delicious! They added roasted red peppers to it to spice it up and it was really good plus the bowl was HUGE! We finished off with an order of tiramisu which was very good also and was enough to feed 5 or 6, it was literally the size of a 8 or 9 inch pie!!! This is pretty good Italian food served just like your grandmother would have done... Enouth to feed a batallion of Marines! Two iced teas, two bowls of soup, one small entree and one dessert... $45.00. Our waitress Suzanna was very nice and did a wonderful job! You won't go wrong here unless your too picky when it comes to your gravy! LOL!
4	Great Italian meal. Lovely atmosphere. It makes you feel like you are in the heart of Little italy somewhere. The service was great. Thought it was slightly odd that you walk through the kitchen to get to your seat, but acutally a great idea. I just was not expecting to see the kitchen. The House Chianti could have been better as well. All in all a great place for some comfort food. The fettucine alfredo is amazing.
3	Went here after an event for a banquet of about 40 people. Was a little hesitant of the $20/person charge, but whatever. We were there for the experience and the food. Our 4-course meal consisted of bread, cheese pizza, spaghetti in meat sauce, and gelato. We were all pretty hungry but as we were scarfing down the food, noted that it was good, but not $20/plate excellent. The service was really good though and I'd probably come again with a smaller party.
2	The place has a great atmosphere but neither food nor service was up to the mark. It gets 3 just for the place and the place is really good for groups. Dinner portions are only for 3 or 6 people. There is no single serving size for dinner!
3	My wife and I met another couple with a young child for dinner. We ordered a small Works pizza which was excellent. In addition we had the chicken parmasean which was average and the ravioli with meat sauce which is on my "no fly list", but everyone else seemed to enjoy it. The problem with family style restaurants is that you tend to over order and spend way too much. I would give the Food 4 stars, the Price 3 stars and the Service 3 stars. Our meal with tip was $106 or $26.50 per adult (the child didn't really eat anything). I would only recommend going to Buca if you were in a group of 8 people or more so that everyone's cravings can be satisfied instead of having approximately 6 servings per dish and finding out that only one or two people in your party enjoy that particular dish.
1	Hit or Miss.But I won't take my chances.It really depend who's the server, and who's the chef.Avoid the fat grumpy mean looking woman server with the broad face.(brunette, pink-ish skin tone, very shaped eyebrows that look angry)Holy *** the fat mean looking waitress with the blocky eyebrows will eat you alive, regurgitate, and chew you up and then spit you out.Stay away.She's brash, unattentive, and discriminates against certain customers.She was continuously kissing @$$ to the customers next to us but treating my group of four with disrespect and contempt.I doesn't feel great to be discriminated against.As a customer, we're all spending money there, and I think we deserve the service we pay for.~*~* aside from that one waitress... *~*~*the other servers seem fine.The greeters are friendly.Food is either hit or miss.50/50 chance of getting excellent food vs. bland food.Over the years, the quality went down.I really wouldn't risk it and rather go to the Chandler location if I could
1	My friend from out of town and I came here on her last night because i was recommended by an associate of mine. I was incredibly disappointed. It's a monday night, three tables in the dining room (as far as i could tell) the server never told us his name, and seemed frazzled from the get-go. That should have been our cue to leave, but we decided to stick around for a bit. The service was simply awful, and I'm pretty easy to please, as I've waited tables for over five years The food was mediocre at best, the caesar salad was probably the best thing that we ordered. i will not be returning.
4	We ordered one of their large salads to go a few weekends ago, and it was fantastic!  We brought it to a potluck dinner with friends.  For the insanely huge size and great quality, the price was right.  It was also made very quickly.  I highly recommend checking out their menu for a meal to go!
5	My husband and I enjoyed our 3rd anniversary here. Growing up in a big (loud) Italian family Bucca made me feel right at home. I love waling through the kitchen to get to your table, the family style dining, the music, and the artwork. Thank you for making our evening so special!
5	I give this place 5-stars because not because of yummy food, but because of their CHEESECAKE! But I'll get to that later.THE FIRST VISIT: After skimming through a friends photo album on Facebook, I saw that they ate here and I decided to give it a try! I went on a Wednesday afternoon with my boyfriend for some early lunching! I ordered the Linguine Frutti de Mare, its light and hits the spot for pasta and seafood! There are like a gazillion baby clams in that dish I swear.My boyfriend ordered a ton of stuff but I don't remember... He throughly enjoyed his meal and said it was the best Italian food outside his mother's cooking! (He also mentioned that he'd never eat at Olive Garden after coming here.)Even after we were pretty much stuffed and ready to be wheeled out by our soft spoken and chipper waitress, we had to try the cheesecake, because I love cheesecake.It arrived, and the first spoonful of the stuff was heavenly, it was rich and almost heavy, but it just ... Melts in your mouth, that it doesn't matter that you're probably gonna weigh six thousand pounds after the meal. It had roasted hazelnuts and raspberry sauce slathered all over it, oh god, I'm probably going to have to go tomorrow... And order TWO slices of cheesecake. Haha!My first time here was amazing, our waitress was very attentive and humorous. The second time wasn't so awesome, but I'll cut the waiter that we got some slack because it got really busy really fast compared to the quiet lunch I had the first time. The second time our drinks were empty almost 75% of the time and that's no bueno in my book.The only reason I will come back is for the cheesecake. I hope that stays consistent.
4	Bucca- traditional Italian style, great pictures all over the walls. It is interesting how they take guests though the kitchen for seating in the main dining area- you can see the food being made fresh and the aroma- yes that makes you hungry!great selection of wines, nice choice of menu and specials and tasty Italian food. It is a little on the expensive side than a corner italian joint, but we are talking North Scottsdale- so that should not be a show stopper. Great food, great ambiance- best with great company :)
3	We ate here after my goddaughter's Confirmation and First Communion.  Reservations were made ahead of time for 17 people and the menu was selected ahead of time since we were a large group.  I've been to the Bucca in San Francisco, but it's been awhile so my review here does not have any reflection on that location.When we first arrived, we were brought through the kitchen. I imagine it was supposed to be a tour of some sort. But, honestly, the hostess didn't tell us anything about the restaurant or why it would be any different than any other kitchen.  There was a booth in there. So, I guess that meant it is available if you wanted to sit in the kitchen to watch them prepare the food.We were placed in a "private" room on the second floor that was long and I think they had three tables arranged end to end. There ended up only being 15 of us, so it would have been nice if they made more room my removing some of the chairs.  Every time the server came, she bumped into someone and most of the food was placed on one end of the tables since she couldn't fit to make it to the tables that were further in.  So, I give the accommodation two stars.Since we ordered ahead of time, we would have thought that once the drinks were served, the first course of salads would have come out immediately.  Our reservation was for 1, we didn't get that first course until about 1:45.  What's the use of ordering ahead of time, if you are going to wait?  The main course of pasta dishes came out a little more quickly.  Refills were a bit slow coming out.  We asked for boxes for the leftovers (we had a lot of them) and you would have thought that dessert would have come out shortly after we had asked for the boxes.  But, they boxed up all the dishes first, put the bags aside and we waited another 10 minutes or so before she asked if the dessert should be brought out.  Again, what's the use of ordering ahead of time, if you are going to wait.  So, I give them two stars for service (I should also mention that it was not that busy so that it was understable for the long wait).As for the food, it was pretty decent. There was certainly a lot of it since we ordered family style.  We probably would have been fine if we ordered half of what we actually got.  I imagine they based it based on the number of people, even though I don't think they should have counted the kids.  So, I would give the food three stars.Overall, I would eat at this restaurant again. Can't say it's my favorite and that I would go out of my way for it.  But, I think it's an overall three stars.
1	I came here with a big group and was excited to have a good dinner, however that did not happen. First, half of our party was going to be late so we decided to put in an order of appetizers and order two bottles of wine for the table. Ten minutes later the rest of our party showed up.. Another five minutes our caprese appetizer came, then the wine a couple minutes after that. Finally after 10 more minutes we reminded our waitress about the garlic bread we ordered and only then did it come to the table. Then as the rest of the party was getting their drinks the waitress spilled a tray of three ice teas all over one of the women in my group and her purse. Since we were a big party and the waitress obviously messed up I thought it would be appropriate for her to offer to comp some of our drinks, this did not happen. Later, we were ordering all of our food and we decided to just split all of the entrees. Since I'm a vegetarian I decided I was going to order the gnocchi to be sure there was a dish I could eat, however our waitress informed me they were all out of the gnocchi that night. So not wanting to make a big deal about it I informed her I was vegetarian and since one of the dishes my party had already ordered was the Quattro al Forno (which included the Cheese Manicotti, Chicken Cannelloni, Baked Ravioli and Stuffed Shells), she explained that all were vegetarian except the chicken cannelloni. I hadn't really studied the menu so I trusted what she said and told her that i could get by on eating off of those plates. Fast forward to when we finally get our dinner, someone in my party advocated for me to get first pick at the plates "without meat" so I got a stuffed shell and some of the baked ravioli. After eating the baked ravioli i started chewing some of the stuffed shell and realized there was indeed meat in it. I quickly spit it out but couldn't believe there would be meat in the dish. When the waitress came back a member of my party asked the waitress again if there was meat in the stuffed shells and she said no. Then I spoke up and said there was and that I had tasted it. She responded that she would go check on that. She came back a few minutes later and told me what I already knew, that there was meat in the shells. She offered no real apology to me, did not offer to bring me out another dish or comp anything. I was so upset and felt so sick after that it really ruined the rest of my dinner and night, not to mention I have been vegetarian for six years and this waitress couldn't even offer me an apology for something that was clearly her mess up.
5	Went here for sisters birthday last Wednesday and we all had a great time! We had about 15 guests and we all shared 3-4 different entree's as a group. Excellent service by Ricky, he was very patient and anything we wanted he was sure to help us with and did it in a prompt manner. The food was amazing like always and we left very full and happy!
2	Meh. Its average (at best) Italian food. We went here last week for a dinner with the hubs company. We were in a small semiprivate room and there were maybe 15 people in our group. Our waiter was pretty bad, acted like he didn't want to be there, and at one point when someone FINALLY got his attention after attempting to flag him down twice to ask for a drink refill he actually snarled his lip a bit! The food. Some was really good, some was really bad. I had the Caesar salad, it was salad, its hard to mess up. I also had a piece of the plain bread...its really "doughy". For the main course there was the chicken Marsala which was very sweet, almost to sweet. The baked zitti tasted pretty spot on and was the best of the three. Lastly there was the fettuccine Alfredo, holy blob of white tasteless pasta. I salt and peppered and added more grated parm to it and it still lacked flavor, it was beyond gross. For dessert there was cheese cake and chocolate cake. The cheese cake had no crust but was decent. The chocolate cake was pretty moist and good. Will I go back here again? Only if invited by someone else and they are paying, no way would I put my own money towards this place.
4	In need of a place to take a large group of people? Want to take your kids but need to save money? Then Buca is for you! With 4 kids and a tight wallet my wife and I look for place where kids eat free or the food is cheap and plentiful. While Buca doesn't offer kids free food they do offer GREAT food at a reasonable price with portions large enough to SHARE and SPARE. The dinning experience is great! The restaurant is split into semiprivate rooms with only a few tables in each space. There is a real family feel here! Although, the photo's and art that decorates the walls have sparked some interesting conversations with my 7 year old the decor is really fun! I certainly recommend this restaurant!
4	Buca is a great place to get a lot of food that you can share.  The food is tasty and can be a good place to go when you want something a little more than Oreganos or Olive Garden.  I would recommend this place for big families or parties that like family style food!
3	Bucca di Beppo advertises Italian family style dining....well, I don't know much about Italian families, but I know there wasn't enough food for my Jewish family.The way the sizing works at Bucca di Beppo is that a small dish feed 3 and a large dish feeds 6...except that those numbers are not very accurate. My family was celebrating my grandmothers 75th birthday and this was the only place she would even consider going. She loves the atmosphere and she loves the food. I understand where she is coming in those regards. The atmosphere is very warm and inviting  (4/5) and the food is pretty decent Italian fare (3/5-a little skimpy on the sauce). It's really just the amounts I protested.Our party of 9 ordered 1 large dish and 4 small dishes. By Bucca di Beppo's logic, that amount of food should feed 18 people and yet my family was scrounging for food by the end. We all expected to walk away from that table completely stuffed and regretting that meal the next morning when we stepped on the scale, but we all walked out feeling pretty light and not at all regretful.My problem is not with the food at this restaurant, but with their measurements. I think I'll go back to Bucca di Beppo, but this time I'll come knowing that I need to order much more than they recommend.
5	The service was excellent!
4	I like Bucca,.  We come here sometimes with just the kids and split a pizza and order of green beans and it's always fast, good and the kids enjoy the place.Sometimes we come with a large group, and that's always fun too.  Reservations are good for large groups, of course.
5	I was at the Az School of RE and had only 45 minutes for lunch.The service was great, but my lunch was inexpensive and delicious. I will return. Great find!!!!
2	This place has always been one of my more favorite places to eat over the years.  Last night was the exception.There were 9 of us for very special 15th birthday party dinner for Ashley.  We also broke Stan (Ashleys Grand Ffather) out of his rehabillitation facility to join us as a family meal would not be complete without him.  For dinner and we had a slew of food, all of which was great as expected, see below. The down side was the service.  It was just terrible!  The waitress added in the 18% gratuity so knowing full well she was going to get paid well for a large party, paying attention to us was a second thought.  There were far too many other tables to attend to where the gratuity would have to be earned and not just added on automatically.  Both Melissa and Ryan had to play "waitress/waiter" and get refills for our water and ice tea, as if this was something they were reuired to do.  Where was our waitress?  Who knew?As far as the food goes, we had 2 trays of Calimari, Cheesey Garlic Bread and a large mixed salad.  Delicious!For the entree we chose Lobster Spaghetti, Chicken Carbonara and Baked Ziti.  Again, Delicious!  The Carbonara was the bomb!!  The food alone is what allows this to rate a 2 star evening.  The service tore it apart and stopped any kind of positive statement to be made.  Sorry guys, you need to get your wait staff in check.  We brought  our own dessert, a store bought birthday cake which allowed us to opt out of their offerings.  They are usually quite good though!Overall, I still love this place for the quality of the food and will certainly go back.  Lets see how they change by the next time we all return.  Enjoy!!
4	I've always been a fan of Buca. I've been to this location before and loved it the last time. However, I've never been there for lunch before. They tell you that they downsize the entrees for the lunch specials. That's a lie. They still bring you a full-sized dish. If you've ever been to Buca, you know that a full-sized dish is perfect for two people.I had soup, salad, and a side of spicy sausage in a marinara sauce. Super delicious and very filling. If i wasn't trying to be good, I would've tore up some rigatoni or baked lasagna. I went with a party of 8 and it was terribly tempting. Everything smelled delicious and I heard nothing but good things about the taste. I was surprised by the prices as well. I would recommend splitting a "Buca small" entree with someone. Cheaper, and you'll still have enough to chow. Perfect for a lunch out with your co-workers. The only downfall was the timing. An hour long lunch turned into a 1.5 hour long lunch. The size of the group was a factor, I believe. If I go back for a lunch, it will be for a lunch on the weekend sometime.
4	Ohhhh I love Buca Birthday song!I came here to celebrate my birthday and the song is the best!!I should record it when everybody sang the song.
5	I've been to this specific location two times so far.  Had male waiters both times, and both guys were very friendly.  I knew I loved the arrowhead location, so for Thanksgiving my friend and I decided to go here, and for Xmas eve my friend and I decided to return with her out of state family in hand.The out of towners loved the place, said they never knew it existed until then.  They believed the staff to be friendly as well, and stated that they would look for one in their home state and they hoped it was as nice and friendly as our Arizona one.They also loved the location, surrounded by old town Scottsdale, great places to walk around if you're into taking a little stroll after your meal.Both times I've been to this location I made sure to do reservations because I know how busy they get and how the lines get long and ridiculous, which should say something right there on how good they are if that many people are willing to wait an hour or more sometimes.With reservations in hand, we didn't even have to wait a minute both times, they sat us immediately when we showed up.  Each time we had multiple courses of food, shared of course since the portions are large.  And both times the waiters were right there, they were anticipating our completion of a meal between the 3 courses to make sure the next was out shortly.So there you have it, friendly staff, no wait if you get a reservation, amazing yummy food, and affordable!!!  Geez, was it nice and cheap!
4	We have been fans of Buca for a while now.  We don't usually make it to the Scottsdale location, but this time we did.  And they did not disappoint.  The carbonara  was very good, as was the supremo pizza (thin crust, slightly charred, crispy, and very flavorful sauce and toppings).  Service was reasonably good.So far it's probably the best Italian food we've found in the Valley.  Which is amazing for a chain restaurant!  There may be some mom-and-pop place that's better, but we haven't found it yet.  This is our first choice for Italian.
1	Where to begin...found a HAIR in my FOOD. Told waitress, she told manager. Manager was not happy that I found a hair...instead of apologizing for the DISGUSTING hair in my ravioli, he said he could make me something else. I said, 'no thanks"He didn't say anything for a few seconds then grabbed my plate and said 'FINE, we'll take it off the bill'Manager made it VERY UNCOMFORTABLE.  I felt like I was a dog being scolded instead of a customer being pleased. Lesson is, don't go to this DIRTY, CROWDED, fire hazard of a restaurant. It's riddled with DIRT and GRIME and apparently hairs in the food. If you go here, don't be surprised if you gag on something that isn't meant to be eaten. This place is GROSS. So here's what you need to know about this place...1. VERY DIRTY2. LOUD, OBNOXIOUS WAITERS3. OVER CROWDED INTERIOR4. TERRIBLE MANAGER (how he has a job, I do not know. Complete A$$)5. DISGUSTING FOOD6. UNPLEASANT EXPERIENCE
3	I guess being from the NY Metro area, I was searching for something similar. We went here Sunday evening, place was busy. Service was fine, but my issue is paying $20 for spaghetti and meatballs and not getting a sald? I mean, come on....the pasta was box-like, nothing special, sauce your basic marinara. I just expected more as I was told this is the BEST spaghetti in AZ. If so, stick to the AZ fast food circuit and use your savings for a trip to NY/NJ where pizzerias serve the same thing for $7.95. With a sald. And hot garlic bread. real bread. I won't even go there. I guess when peopl e are in Scottsdale-Spend mode, they don't care about adding $10 for a side sald.  Food was okay, My search for the best spaghetti and meatballs goes on. As far as the rest of the meal, all good, all overpriced, none NYC quality.
4	If you want great Italian food and a place where you can actually talk with your family and spend time with them I've great food you can share this is the place for you.  Great food, great staff and it feels as if I'm at my grandmas house for a home made meal.  This is a great place for a big group or family.  I'm from Los Angeles originally and this location is the same as it is in Pasadena.  I had such a good experience, when I go back home I'm going to go to the Pasadena location!
5	Okay, just last Thursday night my wife and I went to Buca di Beppo and had an incredible dinner.  We split the Shrimp Fra Diavolo, and it was absolutely incredible.  We also had the lobster sauce appetizer that was to die for.  The atmosphere is a typical fun Italian style atmosphere, and our waiter was wonderful.  Old Town Scottsdale is always a fun place to go, and if you're there try Buca di Beppo.  I recommend it highly.
2	Came here with a large party. The meal was memorable but not Ina good way. We told the waiter in advance we needed to split the bill and they said that's fine. There were about 35 of us and they are supposedly known for their ability to handle big groups. Unfortunately our food and drinks came out completely haphazardly. Some people had their entire meal while others hadn't even gotten their drinks. It seemed like the people who ordered last got their order first. Some people's food was forgotten. The bills were all wrong. And the food was only so-so. Oh well.
3	If a more than healthy portion of mediocre Italian food is your thing this is the place to be. The service was excellent even though the overall knowledge of our server was lackluster. Out waiter claimed my tasteless glass of malbec was from Spain. I think not. What's next ... Champagne from Napa phwww
2	The hostess didn't ask us where we wanted to sit and forgot to set our table. Our waitress was very good but seemed to be too busy. They need better management to train their people to work as a team. The host staff should have been helping in other areas. Other than that the food was good but it would have been nice to get some warm complimentary bread. I had to ask multiple times for the bread and when we did finally get some it was cold and slightly stale.
4	Went to Bucca di Beppo yesterday with a party of 5. All of us thought the place was neat...somewhat "corporatized" but still neat. The food was decent to good... service (sergio) was outstanding. We all left extremely full and satisfied. The bread should be warm ...(only drawback). Because of where it is and what it is price was moderatly high After all it is pasta and sauce...but we got 2 large dishes and my son got a kids pizza.. We had plenty left over. Go enjoy the food and atmosphere.
3	The restaurant can get pretty loud and it is big inside, seemingly with a labyrinth of dining rooms to dine in. Service was friendly but they did run out of the house wine we were drinking and were limited on other choices that they had in stock. I have no idea who would want to sit in the kitchen but the option is there if you should choose to try it.To summarize:*Vegetarian options: the eggplant parmesan was very good. The eggplant was not soggy, fried correctly and sauce accompanying it tasted homemade.*Spaghetti and Meatballs-Al dente but I was told the meatballs lacked substantial flavor.*Chicken Carbonara-very good, creamy and you won't be able to stop eating it!*Traditional wicker basket chianti was very good, smooth and fruity!
4	As an out of towner just trying to enjoy a holiday with my family, I found it quite entertaining that they chose to come here when we could have gone to a Buca di Beppo back home... but my family is not adventurous and knew that they were serving a "traditional holiday menu."When we got here, they sat us immediately at a large table and I'm sure because of our reservations they already knew what to expect. A big, loud, Italian mixed family. They started off with a huge bottle of wine, and then the food started pouring onto the table (benefits of advance notice of what we would be ordering). I still felt bad for our server though because we can be quite demanding, though he seemed to take it in stride.The meal was delicious, we had a fine mixture of traditional holiday foods as well as a few of our Italian classics. My only real complaint was that I ate too much and felt very uncomfortable. Why then you ask am I giving it only four stars? The food WAS delicious, and the service was impeccable, but you could still tell it was a national chain restaurant, and you could still tell that the servers didn't want to be there working on the holiday.Would I come back? Maybe, but I will head to one closer to home.
4	Great time with awesome service. Highly recommend reservations on a weekend night, I made mine online via yelp walked in and was sat for party of 5,heard  1 1/2 hour wait for walk up although by 8 there wasn't any wait. We were waited on by Sierra who did a great job as busy as they were, always topping off drinks,etc. The only thing I missed was valet parking as parking on a Saturday night gets tough downtown old Scottsdale ,overflow parking on lot next door if available.
1	The waiter was great....but other than that.....we were seated at a table that we too big for us and we couldn't talk to each other well, in a sort of alcove that was painted with faux roman scenes that were on the violent side-- really a little creepy.  The salad was good -- the rest was not.    Plenty of other restaurants nearby -- go to those.
4	The smell when you walk in the place is pretty good. Especially when it is cold outside.There is a wonderful smell of sauce and spice cooking. Love it.The staff here is friendly and the decor is great!It is always a busy place. They recently put coupons out so that makes them even busier.Food is very good here. Nice and hot as well.It can get beyond loud when everyone is in here. This is a trend i have noticed more than once. Lots of noise.But, food is good and the price is great. Bathrooms are clean.Sounds like a plan!
5	All I can say is wow. Easily some of the best Italian food I've had. You certainly get what you pay for, the portions are no joke. If you are in the mood for a classy, delicious Italian dinner... this is the place to go!
3	I usually don't go to corporate joints but a friend had a coupon so hey...why the hell not? There were 3 of us on a busy night and we had no reservations so we sat at the bar and waited for our table. The hostess taking names could've been a little more friendly or perhaps crack a smile but whatever, I wasn't here to make friends. The bartender was kinda bizarre. We thought we'd try a new dip on the menu but he quickly talked us out of it,saying that no-one ever finishes it. So we just didn't get anything because nothing else looked good. Then the same thing with a drink my friend ordered, he said not to try it. That nobody likes it. He did however make a suggestion for another drink that's more popular. We were seated in a room that was fairly warm. Not sure if they had the heat on 80 or what, but it was pretty hot in there. We had a ceaser salad, spaghetti and meatballs and garlic bread. All delicious. Its family style so 1 large dish is plenty for 3-4 people. Nicole was our server and was awesome. Everything came out in a timely manner and she was super friendly even though they were crazy busy. The manager came by so that was great,too. So, usually we would've done dessert but it was just too much food and the desserts are huge too. I don't know that I'll come back but I wouldn't be opposed to it.
3	I really don't get what all the fuss is about, we've been here twice and each time it was just...okay--not bad, but not amazing like everyone says it is. Service is fine, but I've definitely had better, tastier Italian. Especially this last time; we were at a rehearsal dinner, and they had bread, salads, chicken marsala, meat spaghetti and alfredo. Everything was just bland and dry, maybe because it was a big rehearsal dinner, but still. Being that Bucca di Beppo is in downtown Scottsdale and parking is horrendous, we probably won't be going back anytime soon.
1	this place is awful, the food is also awful.  Noisey enviroment.  definately, i will no go back .  I wish yelp would have a spot for no stars.  I would even give one!
5	Happy Birthday Chey-Chey!
3	When your the only person in a large dining room, you should be able to get a water refill, but not here. Well buddy, you earned your 64 cents tip on my meal. Sign up for the email club, get a free appetizer. The lunch costs $7.99 with basic pasta, soup or salad. The minestrone was horrid and from a can, but the large rigatoni with rosa sauce was quite good. Also good was free bread and my free app choice of cheesy florentine bread. Manager was eating lunch at 1pm and restaurant was a ghost town for some reason - maybe because you get no respect if your a solo diner. With another coupon would try different location.
1	Ate there with a group of 13. Not sure what the issue was but waitress was replaced right after we ordered which resulted in our appetizers not being delivered correctly and slow service. Then, manager came by to see how everything turned out --when we told her we had not yet gotten our food --she was quick to retort "you have appetizers and drinks!" without a further care and left. Why did she even ask? The food was awful, service slow, and you are supposed to go there when you have a large group. Clearly they weren't prepared to handle a large group on a Saturday night. Oh and their gluten free options leave much to be desired --horrible choices and the food was awful. We finally asked them to just saute some shrimp in some butter for my 9yo GFree son --that took forever to do but that was something he would eat. Don't bother going there --not worth it at all -
5	My husband and I celebrated our first anniversary here, and we sat at a Kitchen Table. Interacting with the staff was great, they we're all fun and friendly. The food was delicious; we ordered fried mozzarella, chicken Saltimbocca, and Fettuccine Alfredo, and it all tasted amazing, especially the house bread!! We will definitely be back!
4	Tonight was my first time at Bucca and beforehand all I knew was that it was Italian... The atmosphere and decor are very NY/family/warm. It was nice to look at all the pictures on the walls :)After looking at the menu we decided to get the fried calamari as an appetizer. It was a decent amount and the sauce was good. I was pleased with this dish.For my main entree I decided on the spaghetti with meat sauce...It took about 20-30 minutes to get to me, I am a patient person but I was really hungry... But I didn't let that bother me :)I got the Small dish thinking it was just a plate and boy, it was a bowl to feed 3 people at least... By this time I was a little full of bread, water, and calamari... But I did like the flavor of the sauce as well as the noodles... I was satisfied with my spaghetti...Next time I know to take more people and split dishes :) there seems to be a lot of reviews with complaints on proportion so we will keep that in mind... Ps one of the strawberry desserts looked awful yummy! I need to try it next time!
4	This was a fun and delicious dinner to celebrate a birthday.  We had stuffed shells, spaghetti and meatballs, delicious green beans, and a pasta with different kinds of seafood.  Everything was delicious and perfectly cooked.  We also had calamari to start and it was very good.
3	You come here for the family meals and will be full after you leave.  We had the mussels in the white wine sauce, spaghetti and meatballs and the pesto stuffed chicken.  We ate it all and enjoyed it.  No big surprise with the dishes.
4	My family and I came here for my little sister's graduation quite some time ago. It was definitely an experience.The parking was alright. It was in front. I just hate serving around Scottsdale since the streets are so narrow with my SUV near all these sportsters that are the size of Miatas. I feel like I'm going to crush a car underneath my tires.The inside was clean. There was plenty of seating. It has a part that is like a walk through kitchen area. Kind of cool. There was a lot of pictures up.My older sister said that this place serves family style so when we order...each order is meant to feed a family. The food came and it was no joke. It was enough to feed the six of us. Dessert was plentiful too. I left stuffed. I would come here again.
3	Obviously crowded on XMAS, but got seated outside and had a good meal at one of the few places open around town. The pizza was not good, very greasy, so avoid that and stick to pasta. Someone had a shrimp salad and although it was big, it wasn't there best work. The penne San Remo was the highlight and the cannoli's were great too at $9.99 for three. Minestrone soup was average and garlic mozzarella bread needed more cheese and they forgot the dipping sauce. Another person had the basic pasta with Rosa sauce and watch out because draft beers of Peroni are $8 bucks each. Bottles are only $6. We ordered off the lunch menu which is the best deal, but make sure the inexperienced servers give you that menu at lunch and not just the family style stuff option.
1	The wait staff are really marginal no sense of dedication lack manners and serving skills. Food is expensive for the lack of quality. Bread horrible the loaves of bread that are on display in kitchen as props look  better. Would absolutely not return.
1	Let's just say we left after forty five minutes. The place was empty and where was our food? I know it does not take forty minutes to cook fish. When we're said we  needed to leave because we had to be somewhere by six they brought out the food. Cold. Hence, we did not have dinner.
4	I went here recently for a group event. I chose this location as they had a private room for a decent sized group which is hard to come by in Old Town (without having to spend over $200). When I arrived, I was disappointed that it wasn't really a private room. I was hoping for something with four walls as it was for a business type meeting where we don't want strangers overhearing our conversations.The service was very friendly and great. The food was also good too. The large portions says that they feed 4 people, but it definitely feeds way more than that. We had so much leftovers where everyone could take some food home.
5	I just organized a business dinner for 28 at this location. The staff greeting me as soon as I arrived and made sure that I have everything I needed for my group.  The servers were very friendly.  We had a private room.  It is especially nice that there was no room rental fee, which is hard to find with such a big group.  I was able to arrange to stay in the room for a bit longer than it would take to dine, and we conducted some break out sessions in the room.  It worked wonderfully and the staff was perfectly patient.
4	Good food and good fun! Always a good choice!
1	Normally very happy with this place but came here for Mother's Day.  16 people. Made reservations using open table for 7:15. It's now 8:50 and still don't have food yet. Very unhappy. They obviously overbooked and couldn't handle it.
5	Saturday night.... We were seated right away. The manager found Game 3 of the Stanley Cup... The customer service was superb (thank you, Damen!) and the food.... Phenomenal!
4	Good
4	Went here for the first time for my anniversary with the boyfriend. The shrimp Alfredo is fantastic! But our waiter was kind of like a car salesman. He kept trying to tempt us with drinks, and at one point, he said "Oh! I forgot to ask if you two wanted bread!" (Keep in mind, he knew it was our first time there) Thinking it was complimentary, we said yes. Thank you for selling us 10 dollar bread. Excellent food and service,  but please don't press things on customers! And maybe let them know that it costs an arm and a leg first!
1	used to go there a lot...lately not so much. decided to try it again as the salad andpasta is usually pretty good.this time...salad ..well...if you could get flavor out of the very tiny schredded items then maybe it could have been good...and if you could find the olives...for almost 14 bucks..not worth itthe pasta with Maranara..horrible...sauce was watery and BITTER...like did you cook this??? not tasty at allbread...what happened to the nice bread you could dip in olive oil and balsamic?this stuff was like pizza dough with the worst chees and garlic spread...ugh..I love bread and I could barely down this...the one star is for service which was very good..but the place was almost empty so why not?very expensive for a salad and pasta mealand almost 4 bucks for ice tea???? we wont go back
2	Things got really salty here.
4	Come as at least a small group as everything is served shareably sized family style-the small chicken dishes contain three large breasts each. Small basket of garlic bread is at least 18 inches of an italian bread loaf cut in pieces and prepared.  Whimsical nostalgia decor of family pictures and memorabilia provides entertainment. The food is good standard Italian with attentive service.
4	Great family style Italian. A great place for friends to get together.
1	My wife and I came in with very low expectations.  We realize that this is not fine Italian food, but what we encounter was not even good enough to meet our already low expectations. First, we ordered a calamari appetizer and a bottle of wine. The problem started when our food was delivered before the wine. I mean, we finished the calamari and no sign of the wine. By the time the waiter (paolo) brought the wine, it was a little too late to enjoy it. I told the waiter that we would take 2 glasses instead of the complete bottle.After a few minutes the food came. It was a spicy pasta with chicken. Unfortunately,  the sauce tasted like sea food.  It was truly bad!The place is crowded,  the food is below average and the service is just as bad...find another restaurant. You will be happier going to an olive garden, macaroni grill or any other chain restaurant.Don't waste your money!
4	Seems like I end up here on major holidays, but Buca did deliver a very good Thanksgiving meal. It was family style of course, but quality food was involved all around. The turkey was all breast meat and pre-sliced and top quality bird. The best side dish was probably the garlic mashed potatoes and cranberry sauce. The string beans were good, but did not have that wow factor - just plain ole beans and the stuffing was laced with sausage, so I passed on that dish. No way, the pumpkin pie was fresh made, tasted like Marie Callender's or Sara Lee. The bonus star was for ordering an extra dish from the real menu. The quattro formaggio pasta was a great baked dish with four different kinds of stuffed pasta, all covered with lots of cheese. The garlic cheese mozzarella bread was also top notch on this night. I think it was 98 bucks to feed six and we had five and a ton of leftovers. Didn't think Buca was a good turkey day choice, but it passed the test on most items despite large crowds.
4	We came here for my birthday while visiting Scottsdale. We hadn't been to this restaurant chain before, so we weren't sure what to expect.Interestingly, they start you off for a walk through the kitchen. There's even a booth in the kitchen (by reservation for you foodies out there!) if you want to watch them cook. My husband is Italian, and he enjoyed the meal, so it must be good. We had an appetizer platter with mozzarella sticks, calamari and stuffed mushrooms, and a special gnocchi with pancetta (I'm pescatarian so I had to pick around a bit). The food is delicious and served family style. We had enough food for lunch the next day!
1	The worst service ever!  Just one degree below the food- which was horrible. The wait staff is untrained & the food is cafeteria quality.
3	First off... Went on Christmas Day and Most of the food was fantastic.   Incredible flavors and cooked to perfection.   Reserved via OpenTable and check in was quick and we were seated about 5 minutes before our time even though the place was packed.   We ordered a family Salad and as we were all about to eat it my 9 year old noticed something on her fork full of lettuce.... A bug.   I examined it closely and sure enough it was one.   So I told a passing waiter who apologized and asked if we wanted another salad.   We declined... Since we figured all the salad had come from the same source.   The manager eventually came over and assured us that we'd be "taken care of."  He said... The "salad is on the house."  My wife said... "That's good because we didn't eat it," and we waited for an offer to maybe comp something else.   The owner explained... It probably came from the supplier that way and he hopes we understand.   I won't say that the bug in our salad totally ruined our meal... But I thought the manager could have done more to make sure we returned as customers.   As of right now... I won't be returning.
