2	Ouch. This particular location of the Islands chain of restaurants just opened in north Scottsdale a month or two ago. The food is good - hence the 2 stars. The service is a complete mess. Everything started off fine with our table of seven. The waiter brought us our drink orders and took our food orders. Then we waited and waited. We wanted drink refills but no waiter to be found. Finally one of the runners (hope that's the right term - the people who deliver the food when your waiter doesn't bring out the food) came and attempted to start passing out the dishes. But it wasn't our order. The server insisted that it was for our table and passed out as many orders as she could, if they remotely matched our order. She took the rest back to the kitchen.Two minutes later a manager type came to our table and took back the food, saying that it had been misdelivered and it was meant for another table. We took this opportunity to hit him up for drink refills and he said he'd send someone out...A minute or two after that... out comes the same runner, and delivers all the same dishes to the table NEXT TO OURS! By this time, we're cracking up at MY table because the table next to us had to have heard the whole incident with us insisting this isn't our order, and now the kitchen is very obviously serving up the exact same plates of food to the table next to us. To complete the irony, the table next to us happened to be people who work for the same company we do and we know them all :-) Our waiter returned with drink refills and our food came out a few minutes later. Everyone agreed, the food was good. My salad (and  those of you who have read my other reviews know I'm REALLY picky on salad) was great. The guys' burgers were great. The fries were quite yummy. Only one error - one guy ordered nachos without sour cream, and got them with sour cream. Not bad for a table of 7, those errors happen all the time in my experience. The manager type ended up coming back to our table and comping us the order of fries for our troubles with the order and the long delay on getting a refill. The kitchen is doing a good job, but the wait staff is obviously brand new and doesn't have their act together at all. In a few months they'll likely have all those problems sorted out - in which case i'll return to Islands and see if I can re-rate their star level!
3	Welcome to Yuppieville!  Desert Ridge reminds me of most shopping centers in Southern California, i.e. Irvine Spectrum.  We got into Phoenix a little late on a Friday night to start our spring training weekend and I didn't want to fuss for dinner.  Since I am deprived of Island's in Nor Cal, I decided for the three of us.  We were seated immediately and our server took our drink order.  I hate to say that almost 2 years after this Island's opened (see Jenny K.'s review) the service hasn't improved.  I think our server was on another planet.  She brought two of our drinks and said she would be back with the beer. As she set down the two waters she looked at me and "oh, you ordered an iced tea, huh?" Yup, sure did.  So she brought the beer, then the iced tea.  Three trips for three drinks. Two trips and two reminders of more salsa. We all had one taco left in our baskets and she was trying to clear our places.   The service is not the most perceptive. It was quite amusing though.
1	This restaurant is closed.
