1	Does one have to give 1 star?  This is the worst Macdonalds in the Valley. Avoid it if you can.  Worst management & staff imaginable and all follows from that.
3	Yeah, yeah, I know, two McDonalds in one week??  There's something wrong with this picture.  But this one wasn't my fault.  My daughter was interviewing a potential child care person and they met there.  She had asked me to come along and give a second opinion.  Which was a thumbs down.  One reason for picking McDonalds was because of the play area so my two year old grandson would have something to do since he was coming, too.  Oh, and guess who had to climb up the indoor slide to talk him down when he went too high, lost sight of me, got scared, and started crying.  TWICE.  You got it.  But he loved it and I got my exercise in for the evening chasing him all over the place and keeping him out of the kitchen.  His favorite place to head for in restaurants these days.  And I got a mint hot chocolate.  Fancy name is Mocha Mint or something.Oh, and firsties on reviewing the place.
1	I'm only giving one star because I have to. They don't have ice cream seriously? What kind of mcdonalds doesn't have that. We won't be back..
1	I would give then zero stars if I could! Worst McDonalds ever, horrible service. Dirty and rude employees. Was denied a water cup even though I purchased food and was told to use the water fountain. Okay so every time I'm thirsty I have to get up to get a drink? Not to mention the water fountain was disgusting and had old food in It! Do not recommend!
1	Worst McDonald's ever. They will make you wait in the "Reserved Drive-Thru Parking" every time. What's the point of a Fast Food Drive-Thru when you have to pull over and wait afterward? This has always been an issue with THIS particular location. Supposedly, as legend has it, you are being made to wait in the reserved area so they can prepare 'fresh' food....as car after car after car behind you drive-thru and patrons receive their food with ease? Think about it this way...when was the last time you could remember noticing a special waiting area at the drive-thru at McDonald's? Exactly, they aren't built in to all the stores. The fact that this McDonald's has multiple drive-thru waiting areas should be a huge red flag to anyone in a hurry. Keep driving, there's a better McDonald's just a little further down the road on Alma School and Guadalupe.
3	as for a soda all they have is Coke products and if you're diabetic you're outta luck nothing sugar free or caffeine free
