5	I'm so glad we gave this place a chance. The store is clean, open, spacious, modern, and best of all it did not have a creepy sex store vibe. The employees are friendly, helpful, and not overbearing. They help you find what your looking for and in your price range. They have a wide selection of toys, sex pillows, shoes, and beautiful clothing line. We will definitely continue shopping here.
5	this store is beautiful! it's nice to have a clean, organized, and relaxed place to shop rather than visiting the slumps near LVB. I didn't feel like I was going to get robbed or assaulted upon coming into this store (unlike many of the other stores in Vegas). the women working here were very knowledgeable and assisted my boyfriend and I without hesitation. need advice? have questions? or just want to spark curiosity? this is the place to visit! they have everything you could imagine and more! Rachel was super awesome as well as the other two ladies that assisted us (a petite brunette and another lady with awesome wooden gauges, don't remember their names. sorry!). either way, they know how to take care of anyone that walks through the door. we were very happy with the service as well as our purchase. will definitely be back! (:
4	Yeah, yeah, yeah...my Yelp friends can snicker I'm airing out my coochie business on here, but I Yelp everyythaang and I know you guys have toy trunks. We pass this store all the time and today curiosity said go in.It's a big, nicely laid out store that sells all your usuals, but in nicer surroundings and larger varieties. It's the new trend non seedy spots and higher end gear. You got toys, videos, furniture, lingerie, high heels, jewelry. If you are looking for more "fringe" stuff, this place probably isn't it, but they have variety of the usual suspects. If you want to demo this vibrating thing or that, they have tables out of demos and sales ladies will come up to you and explain pros/cons of different devices. You can tell they train them as there's specific ways they say things (IE scientific words vs. common words) and they run down the fact sheet of each device. Generally they leave you to browse, but are very nice and non intimidating should you have questions. The girl helping us was super friendly.Given, its more than ordering online, but id you don't know what you even want, it's a good idea to visit a store.I think on the short list of spots to go, this would be the contender with Deja Vu. This place is a bit quieter as I think it's farther from the strip / bachelorette parties.
4	Just another shady sex shop in a run-down plaza off the Strip, right?Wrong-o, my friends: this place is clean, organized, staffed with friendly folks, clean, almost looks swanky, and did I mention clean? It's hella clean.This place is more of a boutique than the stereotypical novelty store.The far left hand side is clothes, lingerie, and shoes, the middle has bachelorette party novelty goods, and the right has sex furniture, toys, and a limited selection of porn- but who pays for that these days anyway, right?They also have a display rack of hand-blown (snicker!) glass toys. The glass and high-end stuff is priced high, but competitive with  what I've found elsewhere and/or online.There's also a surprising amount of fetish gear including spreader bars, ball gags, and various 50-Shades-esque implements to spice things up behind closed doors.Most impressive about this location is their selection of high-end stuff: from the furniture to the Lelo display, every item has a sample out for you to touch, turn on (wink!), and examine before shelling out. Location organization and cleanliness will make me a repeat customer here over any other chain in town. There are also free hershey's kisses available at the register when you pay for your order- all this and chocolate too? They definitely cater to women here!
5	This store is awesome! They have everything shoes, bathing suits, jewelry, and of course sex toys. The workers are very helpful and friendly. They also have classes that are taught by certified sex therapist. This store is huge. It's very clean and well put together.
4	After spending a day visiting various adult stores around town on our recent visit to Vegas this is the one where I ended up spending near enough $200.Its large and clean and stocks pretty much everything you could want (it even has a larger range of bondage gear than other stores). I loved the fact that they had a large section of gorgeous plus sized lingerie which again I failed to find in the other stores. The staff were lovely and helpful and it wasn't at all seedy. There were couples and singles alike shopping at the same time and I am even contemplating going back to buy the vibe that one of the ladies was showing me whilst I was paying at the till.I will definitely be returning here next time.
5	I love The Love Store. It's not at all what I expected. It's huge (that's what she said :p) it's immaculate, it has the largest selection on toys, lingerie, costumes, DVDs, furniture, accessories, lube, you name it, they probably have it. The staff is so friendly, extremely knowledgable and professional. They definitely make you feel welcome and make sure you're 100% satisfied with your purchase. Keep in mind no exchanges or refunds for obvious reasons. While shopping for goodies I overheard a couple buying a We-Vibe, interesting concept. Comes with an app, great for long distance relationships. The Liberator is also sold here and many on display which is very convenient. So many options to choose from. The only downside is that it's a bit pricier than Adam & Eve. It's like comparing Target to Walmart.  I'll be honest I was a bit apprehensive coming to one of these stores at first. Funny how that works because I felt like a kid in a candy store. ;) Did I mention they are open 24/7? Yup, you're welcome. New location coming to the Northwest. Rancho & Craig. High hopes.
5	I never knew about this hidden gem that was tucked away on south rainbow. My pal Ray works here on graveyard and invited me over to check it out one night. Wow I was in adult candy land walking through this love palace of awesome goodies. I am a big fan of glass, they have a great selection. They really have everything such as, shoes, toys, furniture, clothes, costumes and they are some adorable costumes and tons of them! All women need to come here and purchase their costumes! The selection is ridiculous Amazing!!! They have everything from Cheetah to sex dominatrix. They even have some fabulous "steam punk" clothing which is to die for! I almost passed out while browsing the store. I got to play with buzzers, fuzzers and guzzers. Let's keep it PG up in here, you all know what I am talking about :). This store is Classy and they even carry furniture, love den type of course. I was so jelly of my friend who works here. Seriously, what a really fun and cool job! You really have to take your time looking everywhere as this store is so spacious.People could really get side tracked as to what they even came in for lol. Seriously, this store is impressive. I asked my friend to give me a tour and I learned about so many goodies that they sell. This store is very comfortable and great for couples and singles, everyone that wants to enjoy a visit to this store that is top notch in my book.I enjoyed this Love boutique as I am in a special place within the walls of pleasure trinkets and semi-kinkdom. If I owned a business, this store would have been my vision, it is perfect in every way. Their merchandise is Amazing, whoever does the ordering deserves a platinum crown or tiara.I just wish I had learned about it sooner. I have lived blocks away passing up and down south rainbow and I never once noticed. I still can't get over the selection of costumes they have! These are very good quality Halloween costumes they put out, only during the holiday said my friend. They even have some work appropriate ones, so I highly suggest my gal pals go and check out some very cool, sexy, different, fun and traditional types of Halloween costumes. You will be Amazed! I will keep coming to pick up goodies here and there! This place is the Cadillac of love boutiques!This store Rocks!
5	Yes, I'm writing a review for an "adult" store, don't judge me. Okay, you can judge me, but if you visit The Love Store, your judgment will likely be a positive one! I'd passed this store a number of times, but never was so inclined to visit until it was 2:45pm on Halloween, and I didn't have a costume. Yes, I could have just gone to Party City or something like that, but the parking lot was packed, and I knew everything was going to be picked over.... So, I made an impulsive decision to stop into The Love Store.WOW! This place was absolutely beautiful. And big, and clean, and well-stocked. It was pretty darn amazing! They had TONS of costumes, ranging in price, size, and style, and I found one that suited me perfectly. The employees were really friendly and knowledgable, without being pushy at all.  It is a place where women and couples can feel comfortable- not at all seedy or "ick" inducing.  When I arrived at the register, the clerk let me know that costumes were buy one, get one 1/2 off, and walked me out to show me which ones qualified. He was really, really nice, and even showed me some pictures of real people dressed in the costumes. Although I spent more than I anticipated, I didn't regret it at all, because the costume really was high quality and looked great. I wish I'd had more time to browse, because I could see all kinds of clothing, lingerie, shoes, toys, and everything else you could think of in this type of store. I will definitely be back, because I think I'm in  LOVE! :)
2	Be careful, all sales are final and the owner won't allow even a store credit for return of brand new merchandise.  Unfortunate, otherwise a lovely store with nice salespeople and a really good selection of merchandise.
