4	This is a shop selling cookware, electrical goods and a bit more thrown in for luck  It's well stocked and holds a good range so you can choose between a few models and makes for each item.The prices here are also very good so if you do have a flat or house that needs furnishing it is worth going out of your way to come here - you rarely see such good value for money.As a shop it's hard to fault; they offer a large range of models at reasonable prices selling almost everything you might need.
2	A & A Traders is one of a number of shops in Edinburgh which seems to sell almost anything you need for you home! The shop is crammed full of home ware goods and gardening items. This shop reminded me of the Edinburgh Bargain Store in Newington, however, this shop is smaller and seems to be struggling to modernise itself. Now, don't get me wrong, these kinds of shops are very handy to have in the city if you don't want to travel to a retail park to visit a Homebase or B & Q. However, just along Easter Road there is a B & Q, so you would most likely get what you need there than from this shop. With just looking at the window display you can tell this shop is stuck in time. It advertises that it sells Video Tapes and its windows are full of clutter that no one is really going to need to buy (Including that dodgy yellow coloured kettle). Not the best home ware shop I have been in to, there are many other similar shops which are better, but this shop is still a handy place to buy that odd item you need!
4	Good hardware store. Watches, pots pans, watch batteries, paint etc.Everything you could want. Not the best of gear but it will suffice anyone.It's local to me, I go there often. Staff ok. If you need a good hardware  store and local, this is the place for you.
1	Sub-par wares.I bought a cheap USB car charger from A & A Traders for a short road trip. The build quality was shoddy and it didn't work with my iPhone 5. Very inconvenient.When I went to return it, they put up a fight, telling me that USB isn't a standard (?!?!), that USB chargers have to be used with the cables they come with, that Apple cables and phones are non-standard, etc. etc. After a while they did return my money but I wouldn't trust anything else they sell there.
