5	Stomp Out Loud is the most unique and interesting show I have ever seen....in Vegas or anywhere!  It is highly entertaining and super creative. You will want to rock out in your seat  to the beats that are created by everyday objects and household items like brooms, trash cans, boxes, etc....even a kitchen sink!!!    The performers are engaging, talented, fun to watch and SO FULL OF ENERGY!  It is non-stop entertainment from the moment the show starts to the very end and as Jim C. stated, you will leave the theater wanting to "drum" on anything and everything just to hear the sound it makes!  I even found myself experimenting with the sounds my heels made on the floor as I walked to the restroom after the show......If you have experienced some of the other shows in Vegas-any of the Cirque de Soleil or Broadway types- I highly suggest you check out Stomp Out Loud-it is different, fun and very exciting!
4	Always wanted to see STOMP, but never did.  So when I was in Vegas I saw STOMP OUT LOUD which  was playing at the Planet Hollywood Resort and Casino.  It's very clever how the cast can create great sounds with just about anything from garbage cans  to brooms to just clapping his hands, stomping his foot and snapping his fingers.A couple of times he involved the audience with the hand clapping.Very entertaining  show if you like something different.
5	Stomp ROCKS and claps and snaps and sssssshhhhhhhhhh's and bangs and shizzles and bizzles and whooses and gushes and blows Blue Man Group outta the water...STOMP TO IT!
4	We wanted to watch a show on Saturday night because the other nights we already had plans. It was between this show, or Blue Man Group. I found a discount code for Stomp (2-4-1) so I figured this would be a good choice because we already spent a lot on other tickets. The show was pretty cool. After about an hour I kinda got sleepy. I think it was because the sounds started to become so repetitive... but the show was funny too.. and that's what kept me awake.  Overall, I thought the show was good, but I'm glad I didn't pay full price. =)
5	STOMP OUT LOUD is the BOMB!  This is the coolest show I've seen in a while.  I've watched a few of the other acrobatic shows on The Strip and elsewhere, and it's much harder to wow you with surprises, so STOMP OUT LOUD was a very nice change.  I first read about SOL in one of Vegas' local magazines, and then heard about them when they visited San Jose but missed the opportunity because I was out of town.  Then I took a spontaneous trip to Las Vegas and decided to buy tickets to see the show.  It was great.  I don't know about their traveling show, but the fact that they had a resident show allowed them to be much more elaborate with their staging effects, creating performances of all levels and angles on the stage.  I was so impressed with the way they used raw things to make music and cool rhythms, and how they managed to interact with EVERY SINGLE audience member.  I might have a little hesitation in giving them a full 5 stars though, because some of the performances dragged on a little longer after the climax than they should have, but I walked out of there feeling really refreshed and happy that I watched the show... but I will give them a 5.  They DID wow me.Oh, and one thing.... for me, this was definitely a show where I didn't feel like I had to pay for the most expensive tickets.  I bought tickets for the first row of the second category, and fully enjoyed the seats.
5	the best STOMP ever!
4	Excellent value for the price ($50-$60 a ticket?)  Entertaining and exciting, and one of the better shows I've been to on the Strip.  My ex band geek friends also got a huge kick out of it.  Caveat:  I did doze off at one point.  It's not Stomp's fault, it's mine.  I have an inability to stay awake in the absence of a strong plot, and even in the presence of clashing trashcans and stomping apparently.  My sleepiness knows no bounds.
5	I'm a fan of the classic New York STOMP and all, but this one blows the box out.Blue Man ain't got sh*t on this show.The stage is nuts (love the massive fish tank!), and the beats are far more interesting than the standard musical theatre fare. Bonus points for the lobby - great extra touch. Plus, the price is nice and I like.
4	it was a great show..a little too long and played out..but those performers are very talented. its a little cheaper than most shows on the strip and it is worth the money
5	I can't believe I forgot to write a review about my 2nd favorite show in Vegas!  This is an incredible show that blows away Blue Man.  Its more primal, real, and just completely mind blowing. How the heck does someone imagine this and then make it come to fruition??  There's no excuse not to see this show!  Even the cheap seats are good enough.
5	Better that the one I saw in NY.   A great value for what you get.Take a chance and get the cheap tickets.  We got moved up because there were a lot of good seats left.   I've heard that this is usually the case these days.
4	I was very skeptical when my friend suggested we see this. An entire show of people banging trash cans?  Boy, was I wrong! They did some amazing things. Even one part where they used a set of keys. It was really fun.  I am glad I got to see it before their run ends in January!
5	Awesome, awesome show!  One of my top favorite shows in Vegas at this point.  I never saw the first one but thought I knew what it was all about.  But it was more than just a bunch of people banging away at random objects to make music.I particularly appreciated the comic relief and sidelines.  And the beauty of it was that nobody really talks!  You know you've got some pretty talented folks when they can tell a story without saying a word!The music was contagious, and the actors really bring the audience in with their performance.  You never quite know what they're going to do next.Definitely, definitely would recommend this for anyone to see.  All the Cirque shows in town are great, but get a little monotonous.  This is a great, very original show that made me smile the whole way through.WARNING:  Sitting in the front 2 rows or the extreme left or right of the first 5 rows or so can be hazardous to your wardobe!  Dust from the stage floor that they use to help make the sounds can kind of waft out into the first few rows, and there are side stages to the left and right.  It's great to sit in these spots, but just be in good humor about it!
