2	This Discount Tire store seems to be staffed by new guys who don't know how to bend a bit. I have not been impressed the 4 times I have dealt with them, but this is contrary to my experience with other Discount Tire stores, which I would give 5 stars to. Manager needs to get some guys with long experience to help bring this store up to the Cust Service standards of the others, maybe? Whatever it is, I drive right past this store and go to one in my old neighborhood 25 miles away. I will keep trying them for minor jobs and see if anything changes. I hope so.
1	Right off the bat - you are simply a fool to consider Discount Tire for tires.  There are really only a few places to shop for tires - Walmart, Sam's Club, Costco and Fletchers.  We have always found Fletchers to beat them all simply because you can negotiate into every deal a series of oil changes - usually full synthetic oil changes.  Walmart & Sams can offer oil changes but the only thing you can get from Discount Tires - is simply tires. The only reason we go to Discount tire is because they are overabundant and offer free tire fixes/flat repair around AZ.   But be forwarned:   You will get the hard sell and be lied to that you need new tires RIGHT NOW.  This happened to us today at the 707 Carefree Highway location.  It's a typical sales pitch with the GM (Eric Kammeyer) going so far as to ask us, "What do we have to do to have you buy tires from us today." It was like going to the worst car dealership one can imagine.  They told us the front tires were sooooo bad that we were potentially risking out lives by leaving without new tires. We have Michelins with 30K miles and no visible damage or wear.  We religiously rotated them every 10K miles.   We simply went in there because we saw a nail and had a slow leak.  We overheard someone on the phone that business was so slow, they needed to sell more tires - hence the hard sell from Eric.   They were so persistent - so we left and went to Fletchers on Carefree Highway.  Fletchers told us that although they wanted to sell us tires, that we didn't need them and had another 15K miles left before we should even consider new Michelins.  Since we were there and they were checking out tires anyway - they offered us a complimentary on the spot tire rotation just for stopping by and considering them!!!!  They won our business if we ever need tires.    We swung by Costco (just to get a 3rd opinion on the tire wear, and to get a hotdog and drink for $1.50 :) and they also confirmed that no new tires were needed and we were good for at least another year or so.  Discount Tires priced out a set of 4 Michelins for 1350 bucks.    That's absurdly overpriced.  There is nothing discount about them and poor Eric sounded desperate.  Just the fact that we were lied to, should create some great pause with you and some reflection to doing business with these shysters.   Tires aren't rocket science and it's all about price and what they can offer you post sale (like oil changes.)  Caveat Emptor when dealing with any Discount Tire.UPDATE:  3 days after posting this, we noticed the tire we had orginally brought in to Discount Tire to be fixed was already low on air.  Come to find out that the plug they put in the tire failed or was put in wrong.  This just empasizes what we said before.  Don't go to Discount Tire for anything.
5	I've been in twice with flat tires in the last month and both times the service was excellent. They're quick to get me in and out and they're friendly and helpful. Definitely will keep coming back for my tire needs.
4	I recently moved from Ahwatukee to Cave Creek. I have used Discount Tire exclusively for about 20 years now. I used to use Costco, but had some less than satisfactory experiences and now use Discount Tire ONLY. This Store seems to be lower volume and more relaxed than any other Discount Tire I have been to. They were polite and efficient. Its funny that sometimes I felt like they were 'rushing' at other stores, while here they seemed almost too relaxed. But they did get the job done and they were the first store to go check my spare tires air pressure when doing a rotation and balance.  So I will go back, not only because its the closest store, but because they did a good job. PS - another reason I use Discount Tire is that it is nice to know they have a LOT of locations, not only in AZ but in other states. While my wife was on a business trip in Flagstaff, I went with to do some hiking and photography and was able to get her tires rotated and balanced while there!!
5	I am going to give this store 5 stars. Even thought it is Saturday and they are very busy, the customer service is excellent they are very efficient, Curtiss and fast I highly recommend it. Thanks special thank to Brant and  mike
1	I live literally a mile from this location so when I need a tire patched or replaced, going here is a no-brainer.Let me say, for the record, I hate taking my car in for things.  Anything.  I feel like my ovaries (well, ovary as I only have one now) blink bright red and signal "Hey!  This is a chick!  You can freak her out by saying scary car things."  Anytime I go somewhere that is not my regular mechanic, I feel like shark bait. One of my tires had a slow leak so I took it in.  The guy who took my information walked around the car and said my other tires were going to need replacing soon but I could wait until my next rotation.  This sounds reasonable and I decide to wait because tires are not free.  A while later, a mechanic summons me to come look at my car and as we're walking through the garage, I feel like I'm going to the principal's office.  First, he says that my tires are low on tread and need replacing soon.  I nod, smile and say that I'm going on a road trip in the fall and will replace them before the trip.  "I wouldn't take a trip in this car," he says.  I assure him that I will not in fact take the car on the road trip IN THE FALL before replacing the tires.  He proceeds to tell me that really, I should do as little driving as possible because my tires are dangerous.  "Okay," I say.  He then tries to convince me once again to purchase three new tires and it won't be very expensive because I'm getting one for free thanks to the warranty.  I get that he's a salesperson.  Fine.  I get that he needs to make money and feed his family/crack habit/whatever.  Fine.  But manipulation tactics and trying to freak a woman out to make a sale?  No.  Just, no.  It will be much more inconvenient to go to another location for new tires for my death-trap-mobile but I plan on doing so.  I shall take my ovary, my credit card and my business elsewhere.  No thank you.
5	These guys are on it!  I was out of there in less than 20 minutes on a Saturday morning.   The entire crew was friendly and super quick.  Great customer service!
5	So NO one likes the inconvenience of a flat tire....  But it is nice when you get taken care of....   I spotted a nail in my tire that only has 8,000 miles on it, got out my spray bottle with soapy water and it was leaking....   SO I drove to the DIscount tire store, and got it fixed........  BUT a week later I decided to check the repaired tire and to my surprise it is 10 lbs low again. I get out my spray bottle and sure enough, the REPAIR is leaking. Back to the store where they tell my that is a problem and can't be fixed, BUT they will get a new tire and replace it no charge as the repair did not hold....... COOL!!BUT  of course NONE of the 900 stores in the US have that tire!! It is only 10 months old, but Michelin decides to redesign it and the replacement is not in stock locally either!!!! So not only do I have to wait until the end of the week,  I face having 3 tires and one different on my 2011 Infiniti. I Said no way, order me 2 so I at least have matching tires on the same axle, which is what you are supposed to do.  End of story is that after talking to the management they 'helped' me a little with the price of the extra tire (NOT their fault), so although I hate the idea of buying one, at least I did not pay full price, which was $26 more than the ones it is replacing. Thanks for keeping me a happy, 25 year customer!
5	Offered us water which was super nice. It goes a long way. Work very well and have great prices. I've come here a couple times and won't go anywhere else. Thank you guys!
