5	OK, now I have seen this trailer & smoker (JJ's Louisiana BBQ) with a simple stand set up at the Walmart the last few weekends and each time, I have passed it by. OMG!!! Tonight, I took a leap of faith and got the rib meal. Hands down the best smoked ribs I've ever tasted in my life! They were moist and the smoke ring was generous on these babies. The dinner was $10.00 cash and came with a soft potato roll & two sides (beans & potato salad) the beans were smokey and had meat in them too.  I can't believe this place wasn't on YELP yet.  From their website, it looks like they move around to diferent locations.  I found them at the 79th Ave & Peoria Walmart up on the entryway sidewalk. The menu displayed showed pulled pork, chicken or rib dinners. I can't wait to find them next week to try out the smoked chicken. YUM! If you love good BBQ, they would definitely be worth a try. Don't forget to give them a call to see where they will be for the day.
5	I too love his Q.  Found him set up on the North side of Peoria in a strip center west of the 101.I've made it a once a week trip and have tried everything on the menu.  The brisket, pulled pork, chicken, ribs and HOT LINKS.  *****Hope he can brave the summer heat.
5	Best smoked BBQ pork ever.  We've had smoked pork in some of the most well-known proclaimed BBQ places across this country & JJ's surpasses them all!  his pulled pork, brisket, & ribs are moist, juicy & flavorful.  This man can smoke pork!!!  He makes his own BBQ sauces that are wonderful!  his pork brisket melted in my mouth. I hope they can get a truck instead of the canopy which makes it tough for them in the heat & gusty winds.  I'm sure they'll have a storefront soon & get rated as the Best in the state.  they beat Dillion's hands down.  We call them to find their location & drive there for lunch or early dinner.  Damn!  This man can smoke pork!!!  We met James & Daniel at 95th Ave & Peoria.  We promised our taste buds that we'll  search them out weekly for lunch or an early dinner.  JJ'S cater's, too.  Every time I take my first bite of what I've ordered, I forget about how hot it is because I think I'm in heaven.  Yummmmmm!
5	I saw the yelp reviews and drive past JJs often. I decided to stop today for lunch for me and hubby. I got the 2 meat dinner for each of us. "JJ", I'm just assuming that's the guy's name.... Was very friendly and had me taste the meat. The ribs were so yummy, but the star was the brisket! I don't even eat brisket, but do now! it was sooo tender, juicy, smoky and good! The chicken is a thigh and leg and was very good, too. Each meal came with potato salad and beans. Those were very good, too. I highly recommend this bbq truck, in my opinion, it's better than the bbq sit down restaurants close by!
5	Best BBQ ever. Love it all. I follow him around the city to get his food. I have tried the pulled pork and the brisket and they both blew me away. My 4yr old daughter is picky about what she eats, but she immediately fell in love with the brisket and wants it every time we see him. The food is so good i always finish it in the car before i get home.
3	What a nice and friendly guy with a big smoker. Tried the brisket plate with bbq beans which was sliced to order. I wish the food was as charming as the cook but it was not. The brisket wss dry and way over smoked, I still taste the smoke from 5 hours ago. The beans were canned beans with brown sugar clumps in it, not appetising at all. I truely hoped I had found a gem but will try the pork next time and just hope it was a bad day only because of the other stellar reviews.
5	Great bbq, juicy, moist, fatty all the best parts of bbq. I'm writing my review not even 15 minutes after receiving it because of how awesome James and his son were. They se like the kindest of folk and even on a day where he couldn't take the truck out due to his wife being sick, he met us with the bbq near our location so we could still enjoy his food. the lack of reviews is perplexing because this business deserves plenty of attention, go try it for yourself.
1	Went to the peoria location and it's someone's house! Some one thinks they are funny! Bite me!
