3	The only reason I've dined so many times at The Teahouse is due to many hours of poker played in IP's poker room. See, IP used to offer a comp of $3/hr to their poker players. It's down to $2 now, I believe, but that's still two bucks more an hour than many other casinos comp their poker playing patrons (Alliteration -- thank you, Crystal!).The Teahouse is mediocre, at best. The service (if you're fortunate to be assigned a server at all, which we've discovered that, sadly, we were not -- a number of times) isn't the best. I don't think I've ever ordered anything that I've been particularly pleased with, either. The nachos ($7.99) are pretty much 7 11 nachos, but topped with some veggies. The quesadillas ($6.99) are pretty okay. The omlettes ($7-8.99) aren't that bad. I will give them kudos for their chicken corn chowder, though. Order a cup of that and a garden salad and you'll be just fine. Oh, and the triple-decker turkey club ($7.99) is, well, a triple-decker turkey club, so no disappointment there.
2	As far as budget vegas eating goes, its middle to bottom of the barrel.  I've only eaten the turkey club and drank beer here.  twice during my last visit, once around 9pm friday night and again at around 4am sunday morning.  it was food to absorb the alcohol that was in my system, and that's about it.
3	3 Stars...Only two hours after landing, and the five of us were already a lil' bit hazy.  Add one deceptively strong Mai-Tai (from the Mai-Tai Bar @ Imperial Palace), and the idea of venturing elsewhere for something to eat gives way to "eff-it, let's just eat somewhere here..."Set out on its lonesome at the top of an escalator towards the back of the casino floor, Teahouse (like Imperial Palace itself) is kind of a spot of tarnish amongst all that glimmer and shine of [mostly] new/remodeled establishments on "the strip".  Still, it's a matter of perspective; decent eats and/or passable lodging, on the cheap!The Teahouse has the decor and stylishness of a posh Chinese restaurant... from the Seventies.Decor aside, the menu offerings aren't bad, nor are they constrained to pseudo-asian fare.  In fact, you'd be hard pressed to find anything on the menu that was in the least bit asian.  Between the five of us, we opted for the Pot Roast Dinner, Cheesesteak sandwich,  and the meatloaf...Strictly diner Americana food, but [surprisingly] done well and generous.Good service; I forgot our waitresses name... cute... piercings... tattoos...sense of humor... but she was fast and attentive.  And probably a lil' relieved to have some younger, boisterous, albeit drunk, clientele for the evening.  =PTeahouse @ Imperial Palace... nothing to rave about and not really anything to seek out.  But if you happen to be staying at IP (because its dirt cheap for being smack dab in the middle of the strip!), then Teahouse is a definite "on a budget", head-spinning-from-alcohol food option...
2	It's like a Denny's in a hotel, with better decor than a Denny's.Surprisingly empty on a Friday night, which made the service even more inexcusable.  At first, it was fine - we got water and whatever else, our menu-related questions were answered, the salads (hello pile of iceberg lettuce) and soups came fast.  Dinner, though, was a problem.  Our dinners were carried out two at a time (there were eight of us), with several minutes between each arrival.  After at least ten minutes, one person's dinner still hadn't arrived, and no one was checking on us.  We had to flag down a server, who told us our original server's shift had ended and we'd been handed over to someone else and not informed.  She checked with the kitchen and the absent meal HAD been on the order...the kitchen had just neglected to make it, and the servers in a not-busy restaurant hadn't noticed.  My friend said that was ok, whatever, but they brought her out some cobbled-together version and took the meal off the bill.My French toast was ok, too eggy.  Everyone else seemed to enjoy their dinners for the most part, for what the food was.  The banana bread that came with the fruit salad lacked banana.
1	I think this is my first 1 star review, which tells you how bad I thought this place was.  I was starving after I woke up and I decided to come here since it was the only place in the hotel that served eggs and wasn't a buffet.  Bad choice cuz the eggs were horrible!  They didn't even taste like eggs and were really over cooked.  The coffee was okay, but I had a hard time getting someone to refill my coffee when I was out.  Definitely GO SOMEWHERE ELSE!
2	Only ate here once for lunch.  The service was pretty good, but the food only mediocre.  I had some kind of chicken stir fry dish.  It was better than the Emperor's Buffet.  Prices seemed reasonable.There are better restaurants in the vicinity if you have time to look around.
2	The only good thing about this place is I got a ok prime rib meal for 14 dollars.  I forgot how much the prime rib weighed but it was enough that I had leftovers. The carrots it came with with so undercooked, I could barely bite them without cracking my tooth. The prime rib itself was cooked medium like I asked and tasted like any other regular prime rib. my meal also came with a glass of beer and I gave that to my brother in law.  My friend ordered the fish and chips and for a big guy like him, I was surprised that's all he ordered. It cost the same as my prime rib and when it came all he got was 2 or 3 little pieces of fried fish..haha.. he was still hungry and when the waitress asked if she could get us anything else, he asked if he could get  more fish...that was hilarious. Overall the price of food here is NOT worth it...save your money and go somewhere else...
4	I love this place. Not for the service, but for the Prime Rib sandwich. Ever since I've been going to Vegas, I always end up here like at 2am and the sandwich with sauteed onions and a side of ranch for the fries hits the spot.
2	Is this place an actual Tea Room? Is it a Chinese restaurant? Is it a diner? Something else? Who knows? All I know is it seems to suffer from an identity complex, is open 24 hours, and served the worst of the food I ate while in Vegas. It was like greasy, hotel food. Which, I guess, is what is what supposed to be?The redeeming feature was the coffee that was actually quite good. Other than that I think I'll save my money and eat at bacon heaven a few doors down.
1	Great if you want a cup of Joe. Not so great food. IHOP or Village Inn, or even McDonald's would have been better than what was served to us here. The service was great, the food was horrendous. Would not recommend eating here.
1	Aaaaaaaaaaand NOT so much....
