4	Well, the official name is the Yucca Tap Room (with exactly one beer on tap), but i digress. this is a fun little dive that always has live music on the weekend and there is NEVER a cover.it can get crowded on the weekends, and it's the kind of dive where the older drunks and local cowboy types still outnumber the tempe college age hipsters. there's shuffle board -YES!- and they do live band karaoke, how effing rock star is that?a few tables and booths, and a four-sided bar right in the middle. cash only, and with a reputation for being a dive that even my *mother* has heard of this place - now that's classy.
5	Yucca Tap Room! I love this place! I went on a Saturday night with an itch for shuffle board. When we walked in, I thought there was no way we'd get on the table with how crowded it was, but boy did we. We monopolized that table for what seemed like hours, playing with and against complete strangers and having a blast. A band was playing, which made for a great atmosphere but was not at all too loud for conversation-- a definite plus. I'll be going back very soon now that I've read about the live band karaoke!!
4	i LOVE this bar. i went to college in an old railroading town in rural illinois and i felt totally at home here. it is the perfect unintentional dive bar. when you walk in, you immediately get the feeling that everyone sitting at the bar knows each others' names, but you still feel welcome. the beer selection is limited (of course! the bartender had never heard of red stripe.) but man, the atmosphere makes up for it. LOVE IT.
3	When I first moved next door to the Yucca Tap Room, I was so happy. I love draft beer and good ones, too. There was a "Tap Room" near where I had lived, 127 beers mostly fresh. No Bud for me, I like beer with flavor. I couldn't wait to get a nice cold freshly poured draught. So, you can imagine my dismay when I sat down and looked for the tap handles displaying my favorite brews. There are none. NONE, zip, zero, zilch. Then as I asked for some of my favorites, I was even more dismayed and ended up with a Beam on the Rocks. or 4. hehe. I was walking, why not, ha. It wasn't a total waste, I did get spanked by a German Mexican chick who likes her toes sucked. I mean, thats worth no Taps, right? I've only been back once on a Thursday for the Live Karoake and it was pretty rockin. They had Sierra Nevada(were out the first time)and I was easily satisfied even without it coming thru a tap. It's a close second to the king of dives, PV.
4	When I first started going to Yucca, I was scared by the crowd -- the dive bar attracts a lot of rough locals. However it also attracts a lot of cool music lovin' folks so give it a chance. The bartenders are some of the nicest people I've ever encountered. And I now count the owner Rodney as a friend. The beer is also extremely cheap and the live music kicks ass. I recommend heading out on a Thursday when the bar hosts Rock Karaoke. People are invited to sing along with a backing band (the Valley's Zen Lunatics). You'll hear everyone covering The Doors to The Rolling Stones to The Go Gos. And more often than not, this turns into a show of local musicians performing covers. Watch out for Nate Ruess, the lead singer of Valley pop-rockers The Format. His Beatles covers are killer.
4	The Yucca Tap Room is wonderful for the following reasons:1.  They don't actually have taps2.  They do have live band karaoke3.  They do have table shuffle board. 4.  They do have the naked lady game.... otherwise known as Photo Hunt... the best bar game of all time.  (A note to both ladies and gents, the naked ladies are much less distracting than the naked men... and hair, heels, and bra straps are heavily relied on as the sourced of difference between the image.5.  It's a good mix of people and pretty cheap.  Unpretentious and awesome!6.  It's bikeable, but I feel like I've traveled long distances to get there (I think that is because crossing Souther is intimidating)
3	I'm going to have to agree with Bonnie on this one. The Yucca-Monkey-Time Out trifecta creates a vortex at Southern and Mill that can suck a thrifty drunk into a solid bender without putting a dent in the wallet. That said, it's probably my least favorite bar in this skeevy little triangle. It's just kind of...there for me. First off it's a Tap Room with no beer on tap. Perhaps a more observant patron would have noticed this on their first visit. I am not that type of creature. Probably took me about...well let's just say it would take me two hands to count the number of visits, before I finally realized that Yucca was either willfully deceptive or were trying to be the hardened, cool baby equivalent of Prankster's Gar and Brill (hardy har har).But I don't really drink beer on tap that often (duh) so this was no great disappointment to me. I generally just stick with well spirits, and at least they've got those in spades. However compared to their competition cattycorner (Time Out and Monkey Pants), I might as well just save myself disappointment and order a beer because cranberry juice or fizzy cola generally drowns out the taste of any alcohol in the drink. A strong drink is an absolute MUST of a dive bar, and Yucca has consistently disappointed in that respect. I've also never had a positive experience with the bartenders, who don't really give a shit about when they get to you and don't seem to have any discernable system of serving patrons (proceeding clockwise until everyone is served, repeat, maybe?) but I'm a pretty patient person, and the fact that they have to make change with every order can understandably slow things down.Live entertainment is the best thing about Yucca, with bands playing just about any evening you go without a cover. And Rockaroke on Thursday nights makes this place a must for anyone living in Tempe! A live band providing a soundtrack for you to get your best rock star impression on? Be still my heart! Although you probably wouldn't want to take a first timer here because all you're handed is a little sheet of lyrics. So you'd best be performing "your" song, because it's a well known fact that everyone needs at least one solid karaoke song in their repertoire.  Oh, and they have free shuffleboard. And I love me some shuffleboard.
5	I like this place for all of the reasons listed previously. It's just a nice place to hang out with friends.Theres also a rumor that George W. went there on his last visit to Arizona.
5	This is the new place to be every 1st & 3rd Sunday of the month! Hot Mess begins February 3rd. Two live bands and two dj's each time. No cover and great drink specials.
3	If you've ever been to a Vegas dive off-strip (maybe somewhere upstream on Trop) that has video-poker-machines and other touch-screen absurdities, then you've already had your intro to the Yucca Tap Room.  I appreciate that its a rare, live music bar room, which is strikingly rare in this town for some reason, but if you aren't going to check out a band bang their way through Tom Petty covers, than I cannot really fathom a reason to check it out.  That said, there ARE times when you want exactly this, and Yucca Tap Room provides that valley void.  Prices are so cheap its silly and the regs are generally spirited and friendly to non-regs.
3	I have mixed feelings about Yucca Tap Room. I want to love it, but right now we are in a love/hate relationship. The interior of Yucca is dark and wood; it reminds me of some dirty fraternity house basements that I went to parties at back in my college days. The crowd is mixed and almost evenly split between true dive bar fans and the pseudo-hipsters from ASU. There was an abundance of pseudo-hipsters this past Friday night at Yucca and it started giving Yucca a slightly douchey feel to it unfortunately.I like that Yucca has live music and some of the singers/bands we have heard have been pretty decent actually. Definitely not music you will find in a lot of other places in the Valley. I also like that they have shuffleboard, even if it is the longest shuffleboard table I have ever seen. The best part about the shuffleboard table is that it's free and doesn't have a time limit, so bonus points for that. Another gripe about clientele at Yucca...if you call "next game" for shuffleboard (or any other bar game for that matter), that suggests you are going to play the winner. Apparently that concept missed some frat-tastic guys at Yucca on Friday because they called "next game" and then their entire group proceeded to take over the shuffleboard table when my group finished our game. Grrr!Beers are average price...my Bud Lights were $3 each. Not expensive, but higher priced than what I would expect at a dive bar. Yucca is an interesting Tempe establishment, but I prefer Monkey Pants a lot more.
5	I make sure to stop in here every time i am in the Phoenix area.  Great music and excellent service make this a place worth checking out for a few of their cheap drinks.  Tuesday evenings a great house band called Chocolate Fountain will keep you grooving!  Great local bands take turns filling the stage through out the rest of the week and weekend.  Venus is one of the nicest bartenders in the valley and she will pour you an honest drink as will all the staff behind this bar.  Oh yeah bar shuffleboard on hand for the sporty types.
4	I'm a fan of Yucca.  Clown Shoes is always fun to come sit in on.  The music can be come and go, but at least there is plentiful amounts of it.It's usually pretty dark and there's always a crowd smoking outside.  Nice and divey.  Cash only, $2 PBR's in a can.
3	I've been going to Yucca since 1999 (the year I moved from Tucson to Phoenix) I loved this bar and it still holds a special place in my heart. My boyfriend at the time (later to be husband and ever later to be ex-husband) and I had one of our first ridiculous makeout sessions in this bar, induced by insanely strong long islands. The Yucca is where I became a professional lush.Back in the day it was pretty skank on the inside. Everyone smoking and drinking and coughing and smoking some more. Toothless dood's hitting on my then 23 year old ass. We knew a few of the bartenders pretty well and never felt unsafe. I look back on those times fondly. Last time I graced Yucca with my presence was about a month and a half ago. I met a friend (who happens to be 23.... odd ) for a drink after work. He lives in the area and it was a good excuse to venture into Tempe instead of holing up in my beloved CenPho like I always do.It was a Wed. evening and they had some live band karaoke thing happening. I didn't recognize any of the bar staff or patrons for that matter... though I didn't really expect to. Is Venus still there??  The place was crawling with hipster/scene kids and it was kinda depressing. It looked like a fucking American Apparel catalog threw up all over the place.  I'm pretty sure it was the $2 cans of PBR that caused this phenom. Oh, shut your pie.... I know I drank them too. Ah well, made for some interesting people watching. My buddy's "friends" showed up and they began to start  what I'm going to refer to from this point forward as "The Hipster Olympics".... Like playing shuffleboard with their cell phones, you know, idiotic shit like that. I took off shortly there after, granted it was a school night. I don't blame The Yucca for this invasion, it just bummed me out because of the fond memories I have of the place. No worries... I will return, I'll just make sure to tell my quite mature young friend to leave the very immature young following behind.
3	Arizona natives know the magical tranquility that comes from stepping out of ultra-bright heat and into cool, cool darkness. Yucca reminds me of the Tempe and Chandler bars of my childhood, where my friends' moms would let us run around while they sipped Coronas with leathery men.I returned Sunday night after years away, and the new Sunday night bartender is an absolute knockout. It made the $3.75 Bud Lights easier to swallow.
4	If your a fan of good live music this place is key. I just moved to the area and was looking for some good music and decided to check out this place.  I was pleasantly surprised. No cover the time I went and the music was rad. I met alot of cool people and the bartender (forgot his name) made my drinks stout and even gave me a free shot at the end of the night. I will definitely come back when I'm in the mood for good people and good music. a shot of whiskey and a pbr for under 5 bucks!??!?! yeah!!
4	Kristi D just reminded me that I love Yucca  :)Great local music spot, espcially because there is no cover charge!Only reason I am not giving this place 5 starts is because it is SOOOOO loud and normally takes forever to get something from the bar.
4	I've only been here to see bands play. For that purpose, it seemed to be a bit of an awkward setup. I would feel quite awkward trying to play a show here... it's much easier being a patron. It is indeed small and divey as a venue and just divey as a bar. Every drink was served in plastic cups when I've gone - that might change on different nights. In the back, they had a Golden Tee which I jammed my finger on almost 2 years ago (and it's still fucked up), and which kept shorting out in the middle of the game. Irritating. It can be a pain to get in and out of because you have to make your way through clouds of smoke and people trying to watch the band in order to belly up to the bar. Also, depending on how busy it is - it can take awhile to get served.If you're going to see the band, you may want to note that the sound mix isn't the best. Also, the acoustics in the place aren't very good either. I do kinda like that it's not the easiest place to find. I also like that it's a weird setup. This place would rank pretty low on my list of favorable places to go see a band play, but I wouldn't necessarily avoid seeing a band I like just because they are playing here.
4	Went to see My Doll tonight and walked from The Sets.  This is an awesome place to see live music, especially if you are a punk like me!It's really well-lit for a bar!  Never a cover charge, which is always a plus.The shows are always fun and tonight I almost got wiped out in the pit.  500 cool points for that!Takes awhile to get a drink from the bar, but that's a good and bad thing.  Good - you know there's a crowd.  Nothing like a dead place with bands playing.Bad - well, if you're really jonesin' for a drink, you have to wait.  Suckas!
4	I really like the Yucca Tap Room!  I've been three or four times now and always have a great time.  The bar is definitely divey and cash only (there is an ATM machine near the bathrooms but it's best to come prepared with cash beforehand).  I usually only go to Yucca to see What Laura and Black Carl (my faves), but I'd like to make more effort to check out some other local bands sometime.  From what I remember the drinks are pretty cheap ($20ish for 3 beers and 2 shots, not sure of the individual pricing since I always seem to be ordering in bulk for a small group).
3	2.5, but i round up. Been here with several different groups of people. An older crowd, a younger crowd, my anti-social brothers. It is pretty inexpensive and feels really old school. Kind of like you just broke down in the middle of nowhere, circa 1976-1980, you hear a live band coming from the bar across the street and you venture in. Dive-y, drinking hole, PBR in the can.YES!
3	Darts and beer. Can't say much else.
2	First off, TAP ROOM? The beer selection here is LAME. The name implies a great beer selection, well the best you're likely to get here is PBR. Other than the lame beer selection, the place is not too bad. Typical dark dive atmosphere. There are good bands that play here though.
4	Great little dive bar with music nightly and NO COVER.  A few times a month they get really decent bands and everyone there is laid back and not pervy, which seems to be a rarity in this town.  "ooh girl alone in a bar, lets try to get in her pants". Nope, not like that here.  These folks respect the need for booze and don't act like total douche bags.Also, they have High Life and Jameson,  2 major staples in any one not from here's diet.
4	Oh Yucca. You are the best place I ever discovered on my own. I first came across Yucca when searching for a great karaoke place in Tempe. I ended up finding Rockaroke which has since then been my fix since I have no time for a band. It's small. It's a total dive bar. The beer is cheap and there's a great list of off the wall beers and I love it! It's a great place to go and relax and hear some music and you can seriously not beat rockaroke. Karaoke but with a backup band and not that shitty midi file-esque crap? Yeah. Awesome. If you are going on a night when something good is going on, get there earlier than you planned on going or you won't get a seat. It can also take awhile to get a drink from the bar, but I think that's because it can become really packed there some nights. I go often and I love it every time.
3	The only reason why Yucca doesn't get a 4 or 5 is due to the sight lines. I'm not sure they could do any better with the shape of the club/bar but if you want to see the band be prepared to stand and NOT sit at the bar.That said Yucca has a really good booking policy ... a virtual who's who of local music plays here.
5	This place is a classic Dive spot in Tempe. A hit with the local neighborhood and majority of surrounding cities. The atmosphere is dark and dirty, the bar only accepts cash, and the band selection/ booking is in excellant taste. From Kinch, Black Carl, What Laura Says, all the way to The Love Me Nots, they all rock it tight with emotion and intensity. This place is a great sit back, drink your sorrows away, and feel better about yourself by people watching kind of place. Hope it helped
3	went there last night, after a rotten day and dinner at La Bocca. fairly good band playing, quite the indie scenester crowd(a bit irritating, but pretty much what I expected). $4.50 for a Jack and diet coke is...pretty f**king steep, but I still bought three and left feeling pretty good.
2	Definitely a dive - nice wood paneling on the walls...I went for the PBR Tiki Lounge, and the function was great on the outside - although when I arrived there were no bands on stage. Inside the bar I ordered a can of PBR since it was a PBR tiki lounge. It took a while for the bartender to check up and give me a second one. She didn't say how much it was, but I threw down $4 and she took it all. Another thing to note is that it is cash only - no tabs. They do have an ATM in the back. Admission was $3 for the function.There were no bands inside and the place didn't have much traffic in the afternoon, despite the function starting at 2 PM. Eventually I wandered outside and saw a band, but there were not many people outside either.There were some interesting people...I was drunk thanks to the Oktoberfest I came from earlier in the day, but there was a Ghost Buster and a banana behind me...I had 3 PBRs and called it a a day. Overall this bar wasn't too memorable for me...
4	oh glorious drunk alcoholic career making dive bar how I love you. I've never actually had a drink of alcohol at Yucca Tap Room... I'm too scared to. I've heard too many stories about people passing out, getting into fights, and having wacky adventures on the way home. I used to be all for these types of adventures but now I just like to hang out here and enjoy the atmosphere and drink soda until I explode. The crowd can be pretty diverse I hear, but everytime I go there there are mostly "rockabilly" and "rude boys" filling the bar. I don't mind these types, but it gets a little weird when everyone is alike so much. This is a dive for twenty somethings which I love, because most bars like this attract career alcoholics, whereas this one attracts new alcoholics and alcholics in training. Thats way more fun.
5	This is the one bar in town that when I go I know I'm going to have a good time.  It's a dive, a dive of dives, and I have had some of my best times in Tempe in this dive.  Hu seems to really love musicians and local music, so much so that he never charges a cover for music at this place, which makes for a cheap night out whenever the plans go all Yucca.The bar is loud when there is music.  If the music is good you might not even have room to stand.  The people are weird, but I'm weird, so I love this place.If Tempe is going to be great for music again, with the Sail reopened and 910 reopening, Yucca is the one place that might have preserved enough original and quality music to build upon.Drinks are cheap, from tall boys of PBR to whiskey to... that's all I've ever drank there.
4	It started out great... I wasn't carded. Which is nice since in the city limits of Tempe it seems to be the thing to do.... and at 42 it gets a little embarrassing to be pulling a photo of myself from back in 1995 out of my wallet. So the bouncer gets points for common sense. No cover charge and four bands tonight. It was a young crowd but not annoying more laid back. I found a seat at the bar (score.) The bar tenders were busy but nice and everyone seemed to be in a good mood... but that could have been the sea of Pabst Blue Ribbon (I think I was the only person there not holding a can.) I almost felt as if I were in a PBR commercial. There were some cute young men that seemed very smart with their earplugs. My ears are still ringing as I write this. I went to see Source Victoria and they rocked the house. I didn't drink anything so I didn't visit the restroom but since the ladies is next to the stage I did get a nice view as the girls ran in and out... it looked fine. So despite not drinking and staying up way past my bedtime I still enjoyed myself and for a "dive" bar I felt pretty safe going there. Parking is ample, people are nice, free to get in, easy access to the freeway to zip back downtown. Not bad for a Saturday night.
5	Oh great, just what I needed, another strong beer and craft liquor bar bar full of great people, nice pool tables and next door to my favorite music venue in the city of Tempe.They've done a great job with this place.  You could still smell a bit of the varnish from the new bar and walls when I went in, very cleanly done in greens and wood to reflect the three pool tables.  They have a nice selection of taps and a huge selection of bottled beer.  The owner said that they've got local artists bringing in rotating art starting next week.The liquor selection is a thing of beauty.  Rodney has sought out the best micro-distilled spirits he can find.  He poured us a little sip of the Dry Fly vodka and gin, both amazing, beyond your normal liquor for quality and smoothness.What I like best about this place is that it isn't trying to hard.  The crowd was still a Yucca crowd, the music was still rock, nothing loungey about it. Though my wallet dies every time I say it, Long Live Yucca.
4	Love the Yucca Tap - rockeokee on Thursday's was a weekly tradition for a long time. They added a new room, which is great, it really adds some room and it allows people to go in there and hang out if their not into the band. Also added enough space for some pool tables which is chill. The only thing that sucks is that they don't take credit.If you're into the dive bar feel, this is a great place to go.
4	Oh Yucky Tap, I hardly know ye!Checked out the new expansion last night and I have to say I'm quite impressed. They took over some greasy food joint next door and instead of knocking out a wall and openin' 'er up, they simply added two entrances from the existing Yucca bar you know and love (ahem, some of us know and love quite a bit more than others).So the first entrance is right off the OG entrance, and the second entrance is punched out of the wood paneling wall where the booths stop on that side. Kinda funny since you won't notice it until someone comes through it, and the glowing white light and shiny floor pulls you in like siren song. However, the cuteness of the hidden door quickly wears off if you happen to be there on a packed night, because it's placement causes a TON of traffic jams and pushing and shoving as people try to go back/forth from expansion to OG bar, and try to make their way from back/front of OG bar, and people trying to watch the band get sick of shuffling around the disaster. They need a light or a stop sign or something, it was just a mess!But what about the fucking expansion already, right? No complaints there, not a one. I followed that soft glowing light, past three pool tables, two sparkly new (single person) bathrooms and to the bar, I was lead to a refrigerated cooler of "craft" beers. Beers in there range from $4 - $9. On tap, they had about 8 beers that included SKA True Blonde, Framboise, etc. I got the SKA and it was $4.25The service was fast and friendly and I was pretty happy to belly up there and wait for my friends. That's when someone sat down next to me and ordered "two slices of pizza, with pineapple and olives." Um, what? You can order FOOD here? You sure can, my dear bar flys. They have a full kitchen that churns out slices, calzones and sandwiches. Whoa! If you were trying to give Taste of Tops a run, you certainly beat them in the food department. OK, I'm gonna wrap this up since I have a problem with brevity:Awesome: Custom wall paper with Yucca's signature guitar logo, records and such; local artist paintings for sale and just for looking at; god, those nice new bathrooms need another mention!Oh! One last thing. A little birdie told me that the craft bar does not factor into the pay out to the bands that play in the OG bar. Something to consider when you come *specifically to see a cool band for no cover.* They make money off a percent of the bar bill (in this case, the OG bar bill only), so keep that in mind.
3	I haven't been to the Yucca since, well let's say a long time! While the place was clean, the bartendress friendly and a good selection to drink...we went for Rock Karaoke. We checked the website which said music starts at 8:30pm, so we got there at 8:45. At 9:30 I asked a "security"/busser what time the band started, since they had finally gotten set up. He stated that "They start whenever they want to, maybe 10:30pm"! Wow! Really? Having been married to a pro musician for a long time, I was surprised by this. So, dive bar yes, now they have food, didn't try it. But if you are going for the music, go late, maybe they will be playing!OK, we went back a couple weeks ago because a friend's band was playing. The lineup was good,  we got a booth in the corner, got a beer (had to go to the bar, no waitress) and it was a cool night. Still not fantastic but it was better than last time, so I will bump it up to 3 stars.
1	Very disappointed in the Yucca! Outside the entry door is a sign that states "Open at 6 AM".  Bullshit!!! My coworkers and I went there this morning and the bartender never showed up!!! We left at 6:30.  We night shift people deserve  a happy hour just like the day shift people.  This is not the first time we've waited in the parking lot past 6:00 AM for the day shift bartender.  I think the Yucca needs to hire someone that can  get their ass out of bed and open the bar for us night shift people. WTF!!!We will be looking for another morning bar.  Any suggestions would be greatly appreciated!
4	A nice smaller place with good beer and live music, a few pool tables that give yhe place a real unique vibe.  Had a decent selection of bottles and about 8 taps of microbrewed beer. Prices were reasonable and the service was pretty good although it wasn't all that busy being summer.
5	I LOVE the Yucca!  Perfect dive bar with the nicest bartenders ever!  You rock Venus!!!  ALways free to get in, no matter what show is playing, they have a weekly lineup of awesome shows and open mike nights.  Love thursdays Blunt Club!  Two sides to the bar, one is a cash only bar with the live music stage, and the other is a chill room with pool tables and a bar with so many beers and whiskeys its a sight to see.  :P  They also serve food til 2am!
4	So, I frequented Yucca tap on my Saturday Dive Bar Tour and I have a sneaking suspicion it would be quite different if I stumbled in on a Saturday evening rather than around 2pm.  This suspicion is due to a combination of hearsay from friends, other reviews, and walking past the front doors to grab some Shisha from the neighboring smoke shop around 10pm.  For that last scenario, there was not one time in which I felt confident I would NOT be smacked in the head by a stray beer bottle.I love the live music, there are so few places in Tempe where you can see some rock and roll without having to fork out $20 and know every lyric.  That's why even though I haven't had the pleasure of rocking out to some live music here myself, I'm reviewing high in anticipation and Yucca will have to mess it up to get an updated, lower review.The place is really pretty small during the day, and dark as all hell.  I had trouble seeing when I first walked in.  The bartender was pretty cool, and prices were cheap - so cheap that when Chris R. asked about whether there were any specials going on, the bartender just replied 'no specials, we just sell everything cheap.'  Perfect.
3	It was a thursday night and pretty crowded, so I would be curious to see how this place is on weekends. The crowd seemed half ok, half douchey or just plain scary. I'm not sure if they are actual thugs or just posers, but I'm pretty sure there was some drug dealing going on in the parking lot. Maybe it's just the ASU crowd but the girls were dressed pretty slutty for a dive bar on a thursday night. The bar has two sides: the live music side seems more sketchy, whereas the beer/whiskey room is well lit with a good amount of seating and two bar sized pool tables. I heard they have cool shows, so I would like to come back to check that out. Bathroom on that side is surprisingly clean.
3	Standard dive bar.  Nothing extraordinary so if you're not already close by, don't bother.
5	Not to quote Toby Keith or anything but...I love this bar!  There is no cover which is definately a good thing.  I got here around 8:45 or so on a Friday night and it was pretty dead, a few people here and there at the bar but pretty empty.  The bartender and patrons were friendly though so I didn't mind.My friends showed up a little bit later and we got a table so that we could have a good view of the band once they started playing.  Once it got closer to 9:30-ish it started getting busier and before I knew it the place was full and I had to squeeze through couples to get to the bathroom!The live bands were awesome and it was nice that the people watching were actually enjoying it and you could tell.  It's always more fun when everyone around you is having a good time!The best (well, one of the best) part of the night was when I went to close out my tab and found out that it was only $3.50 each for my Vodka Red Bulls!  This fact was extra astounding to me seeing as how a few nights before I had literally spent twice that on the exact same drink at a bar in Scottsdale! (insert Scottsdale joke here...)
4	YEAH! the YUCCA is the ULTIMATE in local DIVE bars. !!  shuffleboard , cheap drinks, local flavor, and no need for a JUKEBOX.  NO COVER, EVERY NIGHT,  live MUSIC!  come one, COME ALL!!
4	This place is the ultimate Tempe dive bar.  In my opinion this place is in one of the sketchiest strip malls in Tempe.  I could write a review on the parking lot alone, but that is for another day.  Anyway, enter the Yucca Tap and go to the right and you will see a depressing, dimly-lit bar.  To the left is a well-lit whiskey/beer bar.My wife and I visited the Yucca on a random Saturday night at about 8:30ish.  The place wasn't too busy...yet.  We first went to the right.  We each got a beer and had a seat in one of their many booths.  There was a small band on stage.  There were only a handful of people there and most looked like they had been there all day drinking away their sorrows and/or hiding from the law.  The place was pretty depressing.  However, I like cheap drinks, friendly bar tenders and dive bars so I was ok with it.  Not exactly a place to bring your wife though.Anyway, the other half of the bar (to the left when you enter) is a totally different story.  They have a great selection of beers and sort of reminds me of an older, grittier Taste of Tops.  We sat there for about an hour, sampled some more of their beers then took off.I will definitely return when I feel the urge for some local dive bar action.  The entire place isn't as bad as it looks, has cheap drinks and everyone seemed pretty friendly.
5	love the yucca! Great selection of beers and music. the new lounge part is great and the bartenders are helpful when trying to choose from the large selection of beers! Great place.
5	Thursday nights go off! Bboy roundup with bboy/bgirl battles, fresh dj's, and live music! really cool crowd, great dancing, and good vibes! No cover
5	One of the oldest and coolest bars in Tempe. If you are looking for a traditional wooden wall, wooden bar, windowless dive-- look no further. Drink prices are reasonable, especially during the day. The owner has recently doubled the size of the bar, offering the traditional honky tonk one one side, and a fine ale and whiskey bar on the other. The Yucca now accepts credit cards for the first time since forever, which is a convenience most people take for granted these days. There is live music every night, some touring acts, some local acts, and some regular gigs that draw in locals. I've heard this bar referred to as "rough" or "tough" or "rowdy", and while that hasn't been my experience, what do you really expect from a place with this much character and everlasting style. This is the type of bar that separates the men from the boys, the alcoholics from the drunks, and coherent from the incoherent. The parking is in the back ,like any respectable dive bar should be, and the good ole boys that drink there during the day are a fine bunch a fellas.  I like their deep contempt for the youngsters that wreck the place every night.  But every night, those young and hip crowds create a culture that is truely Tempe--  Good and bad, and that ain't bad.
4	I love the Yucca! Great dive with no cover, good beer selection, friendly bartenders, and plenty of dancing room for the diverse bands that they have playing almost every night. There hasn't been a time yet that I've visited and left unhappy. My only complaint would be the sound. We were there last night to see a band, and the levels were off a bit. The singer was drowned out completely. Hasn't been a problem before though!
4	LOVE YUCCA!  Usually each night has a different theme ... and I am a sucker for loosely-based-theme nights, dancing, live music and reasonably priced drinks.  YUCCA HAS IT ALL! Sunday was Cowboy/Western music/theme but without the actual cowboys so it ended up being a lot of great un-western (less intimidating than the real thing) people swinging around on the dance floor :)  Everyone there seems to be down to have a good time and dance no matter the type of music/theme/crowd.  Fantastic. It is a great dive in Tempe and within walking distance from Time Out Lounge and Monkey Pants (two other GREAT bars).  So easy to do a little circuit comprised of the Tempe dive bar trifecta! It always seems to be perfectly crowded... never dead and never 45min to get a drink...you will find a seat at the bar or a nearby booth but you have to do a bit of legwork.  The only complaint I have was that my martini extra dirty was too dirty.  It was quite green in fact.... and although it was drinkable it wasn't necessarily enjoyable.  *Its right on Southern and Mill but you got to overshoot the bar quite a bit and continue W on Southern before turning into the parking area*
5	Come here quite a bit to meet friends for happy hour.  We had Dani as our bartender and she was really good, made us a bunch of shots we have never had before.  Also a good selection of beers on tap and in bottles.  Haven't checked it out yet but hear there is music on other side of the bar.
3	Now THIS is my kind of place! Secluded, hole in the wall with laid back locals and a band that no one would pay more than a few bucks to see but they were awesome! They were a little country blue grass rockabilly kind of sound. Lol Does that even sound good?? But people danced and everyone looked to be having a really fun time! I was surprised at how packed this place got! Parking lot is a little dark and shady but there are plenty of people around, so it's not that bad. I had a guy with me. The bartenders were friendly and the places was just real casual and dive but fun for something and somewhere different. There were definitely more dudes there than girls.  But could have been just that night. Went on a Saturday.
4	Went last Saturday night to watch a friends band play.  I wish this place was on the west side of town.. Live Music, No cover and super friendly people, nice casual dive bar.
4	great beer and whiskey selections, on the side of the bar i like to refer to as "baby yucca"!The yucca is a cool place to catch a free show, and dance your ass off, or just chill and play pool and sip some whiskey!For the most part the bartenders are really cool people, quick to take your order! There is one rude chick, I have no idea who she is, and I don't care, it doesn't bother me or ruin my night in any way that she is miserable!  All in all Yucca gets two thumbs up!
2	Dumpy dive bar with normal/nice bar prices.  WTF?  Scary location & parking, broken glass everywhere, homeless guy out front begging for spare change, graffiti in bathrooms, etc.  Beer selection nothing to get excited about either.
5	The best dive bar in Tempe that features Live Music with no cover charge.  All the employees here are nice and treat you with respect.  The beer is cheap and the service is good.  There is shuffle board and darts to keep you entertained between music sets.  Even though the location is a little bit dumpy it adds to the dive bar factor and keeps the douschbags away.  If your not a douschbag and want to try something different, check out this place.
4	Visited this little local Craft Brew pub last Monday while bar hopping in Tempe. Funny place, two different bars in one location. A live music venue on one side, a small craft brew bar on the other. The craft beer bar is accessed through a door on the west wall in the Live Music bar. Had I not known I would have never found it! Perhaps this is done on purpose for people in the know, strange none the less. Once on the craft beer side I was surprised by the selection. Stone HWY78 Collaboration, Hop Knot, Epic Brewing beers, Belgian selections and many more. Of note, they also had an extensive selection of American Craft Whiskeys. Not to shabby! A great place for Monday day drinking as we found ourselves sat next to a couple we'd seen the previous day at Oak Creek Brewing in Sedona. Small World! The craft brew bar & tap handles were installed only recently(in the last year or so) so this place is not yet well known. We used to joke about the Yucca Tap Room, the only Tap Room w/o Taps. They have certainly remedied that problem with great a success. The place has a dive bar meets shabby sheik atmosphere feels quite comfortable. I'll be back. Don't be shy, give it a try!
4	Went to Yucca Tap Room again last night for a few pints. As usual, great draft selection.  As I said before, the place is really a bit odd. A live music venue on one side, a craft beer bar on the other. As you might guess I was in the craft beer room enjoying a Stone/Green Flash HWY78 scotch ale and hot wings. Great Pairing!  My favorite thing about this little hidden gem is that the Tap selection changes constantly. Every time I visit I try something new. Good people, great little place!
4	I really can't complain about a place that always has tall cans of PBR, the music here varies from night to night but the place never stops being so much fun.......it's a dive bar with plenty of interesting personalities but that's what makes this place so much fun, don't expect a mill type of crowd here much less a snobby scottsdale type of person here. You come to this place for good cold beer, cool live local music and fun times!
4	"Unpretentious" is the word that comes to mind when I think of Yucca Tap Room.  There's almost a refreshing quality to this stripped down dive bar--it's the polar opposite of places you'll find in Scottsdale [sigh of relief]. The bartenders are genuine and there's always live music to keep things interesting.  I love it because there's no cover.  Ever.  Plus, diverse musical talents bring equally unique people.  The setup of the place is simple yet deliberate, with two separate "environments" to choose from (for lack of any other way to describe it).   There's a conventional 360-degree bar with stools lining the perimeter--the stage is on this side, making this the louder side of the place.  Thank goodness for the hooks lining the underside of the bar; this is the kind of place where you don't want your purse sitting on the ground.  There's a shuffle board on this side, and the door to the "patio."  By "patio", I mean a fenced-in strip of sidewalk along Southern Avenue where smokers can socialize.  On the other side of the place there's another bar, backed with an expansive selection of bottled brews.  Yes, variety is what Yucca does best.  This side has a couple pool tables and some more seating.  Ladies, I highly recommend using the restroom on this side of the place. Don't be turned off by the first band that plays; the less talented musicians tend to play first.  Like any bar, it always gets more interesting as the night progresses.
5	I am biased, beware...but my love runs deep for Yucca!  Used to live walking distance so I frequented the spot.  Its a great dive bar to escape the "Mill Ave scene".  Bartenders are always super friendly and fun & I love the electronic jukebox.  There are always some interesting talents playing next door in the venue & sometimes I am really pleasantly surprised (Dry River Yacht Club was an interesting band who I ended up really liking).  I really like the fact that it is split up so you don't HAVE to listen to the music in the next room, you can hang out in a booth, at the bar, or play some pool. Small outdoor patio space along Southern if you smoke & drinks are okay too.  The location might freak some people out if they're used to hanging out in Old Town or something but I promise it is quality fun without all the spray tans & hair gel.  So many memories. I miss the shit out of Yucca! Go here & get a peanut butter cup shot-don't forget the salt.
5	Total dive bar that I can ride my bike to and see great bands up close and drink dollar PBRs!! I love the Yucca!!
4	I really liked the wide selection of beers that they offered! However I do think they need more seating for busier nights!
5	Haven't been to  Yucca in about 8 years....HOLY CRAP!!! Freekin awesome!! Stopped in on a Saturday night, slam packed and a great SKA band on the stage...I had a blast. I just moved back to the area, so I will be stopping by more often!!! Great improvements!!
3	Very interesting local bar. Yucca sports two different "building" almost: one side is dedicated to draft and local beers on tap, with a small dining room. The other side of the building has a large bar and area for a band to play.Yucca supports local bands so if you venture here to get a drink, know that you'll most likely happen upon a scene that involves loud music, lots of smoking, and hipsters in every corner. It's a young crowd that gets actively involved in the music playing.But hey, wtih $2 PBRs, you can't beat the entertainment. Try it out!
4	Odd little dive bar. The nice young lady from Chicago helped make this a 4 star place.
4	Had a great time at the Yucca last night. Brought back tons of memories from the college days. *sigh*I do believe the question "Are we that old?" came up more than once during the night though..... when did this getting old thing happen? ugh!Anyway..... Yucca is still the great 'ol spot it always was. However I don't remember the giant beer selection from years past. It was great, I spotted a few Dog Fish Head beers, come local stuff, and some fancy stuff. Def a great place for a beer drinker!We were there to check out a few live bands. They were great. The sound guy did a good job, and the set up was nice. The booths were a little cramped, but manageable. The smoking patio could use a few chairs maybe. The bathroom was clean and acceptable. Only thing that was irritating.... they need to manage the bands a little better, over 30 minutes between sets? After the second band, my favorite however, finished setting up then went out for a leisurely smoke for about 10 minutes. We had to leave before the third band got on. Please use time better. Would have liked to see more bands. Had an over all good time. We will be back more often for sure!
5	We're regulars here so obviously we love it! It's got a different vibe to it then the other Tempe bars. Has a GREAT beer selection.  Just watch out for the bands that are playing sometimes they bring in very interesting crowds.  I try to hang out in the second room, away from the live music.  Oh and try their pizza, delicious!
4	Cheap drinks, friendly service and absolutely fantastic people watching! This place has two sides, one has a live band; the other has pool and sometimes a DJ. They have different drinks/beers on each side. I've sat on both sides, and you'll see everything from a suite jacket to hardcore biker attire on the men...and t-shirts & jeans to those skimpy little skirts on skinny and not so skinny bodies for the ladies. Overall, a really good dive bar, good pizza, and a great place to hang-out.
4	Yucca is one of the best places to see local bands - no cover, cheap drinks and cool atmosphere. It gets a little crowded, but it only enhances a live performance experience if the band is good.
4	Best dive bar in town, one of the best places to catch live music. Venus is your friendly neighborhood bartender. Plenty of old locals as well as college hipsters. Great beer selection and strong cocktails, video poker as well as shuffleboard, booths and plenty of room to dance.
4	Yucca Isn't YuckyBy The RuePopped into Yucca Tap Room,Thought I was gonig to meet my doom,Outside it's filled with gloom,Inside it's comfy like a mother's womb,It doesn't have a lingering fume,After sex I like to spoon,It's dark inside like a tomb,You can bring the bride and groom,The I.P.A. makes my heart rate zoom,Speedbuggy likes to say "varoom",Great place for a small band to bloom,Dropping bombs that go ka-boom,Witches do it on their broom,On Halloween wear a costume,When you come here just don't assume,There will be hot chicks wearing perfume,If you're lucky maybe they'll consume,Enough alcohol so you can presume,To get it on in the bathroom.Palo Verde!
4	Remember when the beauty of Yucca Tap was that there were no taps? Well times, they have a changed.Im a fan of the redesigned stage area in the main room. The addition of a credit card machine is super as well. Kudos to the owners for opening the other side where the old italian sub shop was. Yucca has food! And its good! Love the craft beer fridges and taps on the new side as well.I recommend going to the new side for beer, they really do have a great selection, and going to the old side or Yucca classic for a mixed drink.
5	If I had to choose between sex and another visit to Yucca Tap, women everywhere would be bracing themselves for disappointment.While many bars aim to boast the LARGEST beer selection, Yucca keeps it cool, with a nice ratio of staples like PBR and Red Stripe for $3 to obscure drafts for as low as $6. Many of them come in 10-12 oz. glasses, and that's so they don't completely kick your ass. I had:Deschutes Hop Henge Experimental IPA (8.5% ABV)Mission Shipwrecked Double IPA (9.3%)And some other ale from Goose Island Brewery I was too buzzed to bother noting details on. Also, the liquor selection. Just do it.You don't even have to drink to enjoy this place. There's a good bar menu, a Foosball table, pool, some casino game I don't recognize, and A WHOLE OTHER BAR FOR MORE LIQUOR AND LIVE MUSIC. And they don't even charge a cover.Just writing this review makes me wanna race out there right now, and it takes a lot to get this excited about a dive.
5	Cool place to see bands, never a cover, but there might be for the show on Oct. 2? 21+over only, kids! Don't even TRY. Yeah I'm talking to YOU, baby face undercovers.It can get rowdy in front of the band depending on the flavor, it's let go till it gets too much, at which point security doesn't F*&% around, so be cool. Pick your brother up off the floor if he's down. Stick your arm in the air and you'll be pulled up.Sometimes they have some well-known bands play here - well known if you're up on your historic punk and HC.******************************************************OCTOBER 2, 2012 - The Queers ROCKED MY FACE!!!******************************************************Don't be a drunken idiot. Like I said, security doesn't F*&% around, so be cool.They will be more than happy to wreck you if you misbehave.OK so now on to the nitty gritty - The beer bar next door has KILLER beers at a fair price, they've just expanded the taps. The website doesn't necessarily have the most up to date list, but close. Loads of bottles to choose from as well. Look for the Firestone beers in boxes, they're hard to get. You can take that to go as well as far as I know. Beer snobs will be happy here, Yucca has the beers you've been known to expect - Sculpin IPA, Modus, and others from the likes of Left Hand, Firestone Walker, Ska, Oskar Blues, Odell, Epic, Deschutes, and more. If you see one from Goose Island, JUMP ON IT.The food has definitely been ramped up, now they have chicken n waffles, the incredible Yucca Burger, and wings with a wide selection of flavors. Burger is ground IN-HOUSE and is a mix of rib eye and sirloin. SCRUMPTIOUS!Generous pizza slices also on offer, and they hit the spot.Also a selection of kosher hot dogs. Check out the website for details.
5	Den of AWESOMENESS!  Our server Caitlin(SP) was amazing and made sure that our beers were full and able to assist us with anything from our next IPA, Lager or anything Delish selection to food.  The bar gives good service and is quick to make sure that you're taken care of even if there are busy which I think is pinnacle to any bar and niche beer marketeteer.  The night was pretty calm for us so we only had a 6ish each of the selections but it's always a driving factor in making sure that you taste the world.  I totally love it for the atmosphere as well.  You can people watch, check out a gnarly band, play some pool (though get some cues) or get hammered de slammered on some wicked good brew.
5	I love me some Yucca.  I moved here from Chi City and this was one of the first bars I visited.  I really love it here!  There are great beers, good food, and one of the main reasons why I started going here was to visit with my favorite bartenders!  Truly a great atmosphere.  I love that Yucca always has a variety of shows and there is no scene here, except for the crowds that bands bring in.  Awesome place.
5	Yucca is a Tempe institution.  Family owned since Jesus was 2, This is a classic dive.  No cover for awesome bands.  Pool tables. Booths, barstools, hightops and a dance floor.  Excellent liqour selection, clean bathrooms, generous parking.  Plenty of seating, but its gonna get loud as the night progresses!  Not one complaint about this ultra casual bar.  Feels like Cheers to everyone, even those who are not regulars, such as myself.  The staff made me feel very welcome.  A wonderful, old school, comfortable dive.  Love it.
4	Yucca is a staple in my routine of dive-ish bars, and always entertaining for sure! Depending on the night the clientele can range from regulars, hip-hop heads, to metal heads and everything in between. Callan is one of two of my favorite bartenders there. Always so sweet, with a huge smile on her face and takes the time to make sure you get exactly what you want. My other favorite being Jared, what can i say, he makes a stiff drink and has more charm and charisma than the hoff.
3	Serves food until 2AM!Saturday specials: $4 red headed slut shots... I think we are tempted. Too bad we didn't see the 3rd red head who walked by us as we all agreed to take it on the 3rd one that walks by. :(I've been eyeing this place for the longest time since I've been seeing my two friends from Arizona checking into this place. Finally got to try it out and....I only liked the drinks, atmosphere and the pool table. Totally did NOT like the food that night. On their menu, there is a bar snacks and entree section. I decided to eat something small since I know I cannot finish a burger or a taco by myself, so I got the chicken and beef kabobs. Some of you should know how a kabobs look like right? If you don't, they look like this http://yieatn.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/06/kabobs-719954.jpg and what yucca gave me was only meat and no veggies. Disappointed...I wished they at least listed on the menu somewhere 'just meat' When I got the kabobs, my chicken tasted fine, but my beef tasted like it got dipped into salt at least 5x... Ugh. I hope the food only tasted that yucks because of not having enough people in the kitchen. I mean... if you're going to serve bar snacks, it shouldn't take 40-50 mins. Gah....Pool table entertained us the most throughout the night. $1 quarters a game. Plus there's a live band in the other room if you're interested in listening. By the way, there's also another bar in the same room where the band places but only a couple of tables to sit down. maybe it's a bad night that we went...I guess we'll have to find out the next time I visit! Until then...this place was OKAY.
1	Now with cover? i think i am going to some place better if i have to pay for it.... was a cool place before they started charging a cover charge.
4	this is a great location in Tempe away from Mill street, has a large selection of beers on tap and bottled, and the menu  has something for everyone, the bar splits in two one is for live music and they regularly have live bans playing and the other side has a poll table and has all the beers on tap.
3	3.5 stars.I liked how the bar is split into two, separated by a door. One that was more of a hangout bar, and the other was for live bands. They have a good selection of beer on tap, at good prices, and the wings were okay. The bartender wasn't bad, a bit oblivious to customers at times, but she was nice.
4	They had some free live music going on Tuesday night and the first band was pretty good. Two rooms and a patio make this place unique. Large selection of craft beers in the dining room area of the place. I tried the fried chicken breast and waffle sandwich. I brought it home, but fell asleep. Some of the waffle was already soaked in syrup (two kinds, but both regular and chipotle tasted similiar) and the breast was big and seasoned well. I chopped it up the following day and it was ok, minus a few fatty segments. Large menu, but small kitchen with one guy working. Good place to get drinks and see new bands. Middle of shopping mall.
4	I live in the neighborhood and come here often. There's always live music, been to a lot of great shows there. I wish they would bring back the Disney movie marathons on Sundays, that was always awesome. The one side is the main area with the stage and a bar offering liquor and crappy drafts. The other side has like 20 taps with great micro brews and a beer fridge with more goodies. The service is usually crappy but the food is AMAZING. Recently they redid the menu. Hands down the BEST HOT WINGS ever. I also would recommend their chicken and waffles and the french fry platter with the kimchee and Koren BBQ is great. I love chili cheese fries but their chili is like lame can chili and its nacho cheese. While the food is awesome I always get sick the next day. Not sure if its the crappy bar food quality, grease, or poor cleanliness standards. Im addicted to their wings so I will keep going back. Bottom line is: Eat their hot wings and drink good beer.
2	Fries were fried perfectly,  Crisp and not at all greasy.  The chipotle mayo was very good.  I don't like the seasoning on the fries though, just salt for me please.The steak burger comes with a nice brioche (I think) bun.  The burger was well cooked but it was over seasoned with some kind of mixture I didn't care for.The bartender was great, the right amount of sarcastic surliness and pleasant friendliness.  If the seasoning on the burger would have been more to my liking the place would have been a 3-4 for me.  There are some other things I may like to try so if I find myself in the neighborhood again I may hit it up.
5	Dive bar / casual atmosphere but the bartenders are so awesome and friendly! (Shoutout to Jared and Leah who I just met recently).The parking lot is hard to find if you've never been.Delicious drinks, food, and great music...I'm definitely a fan.
3	It's a fun dive bar with an amazing selection of brews. Plus, the kitchen cooks up some pretty good dishes. Service is pretty good, we didn't wait long for anything and there was definately a crowd. They have live music regularly, which is really nice. But my biggest qualm with the place is that they had live music playing in one room and a DJ playing in another. I'd rather just have one or the other.
4	Huge expansion. Decent selection of foods! Huge selection of craft beers to add to their pre-tap days offerings. And plenty of live music without a cover (usually). All without sacrificing the dive bar atmosphere.
4	I am all about Yucca Tap Room. (Except your parking lot. It sucks. I feel like I almost always scrape my undercarriage of my car on those speed bumps because I forget they are there).Anyway...fun, live music, awesome service, and the ambiance, while dive bar-ish, is inviting. It's a cozy environment with two rooms to separate the bar/restaurant from the live entertainment. Let me tell you why I LOVE places that do this.I am a music fanatic. However, there are sometimes those days where you go somewhere, like Yucca, or any other food-serving bar for that matter, and you just want to eat. It's AWESOME that I can still watch the live entertainment on the televisions they have propped on the walls while still being able to hear my friends speak. Sometimes you just have to separate the ones who came for the show and the ones who came for the food.Speaking of the food. Bar food. I mean...how good is it going to actually get? At Yucca, I have the pleasure of saying, it actually gets pretty good. But it's still a bar... right? Yes. So the drink specials are quite comparable to other bars as well. I have to say, I do enjoy me some Yucca Tap Room. It is a place that I will continue to frequent providing I am in the area, or if I have a friend's band playing there and whatnot.
4	According to the bartender, I sat on the non-divey half of the bar because I was a little confused that many of the reviews called this a dive bar. Either that or my definition of a dive bar involves more hobos and dilapidated captain's chairs with the not so faint smell of old cigarette smoke and moldy wood paneling.  At any rate...the beer selection is GREAT.  As an almost exclusive imbiber of the IPA , it was pretty great having several good beers to choose from.  And the kimchi bulgogi fries were stupendous.  Stupidly delicious.  My Korean mom is probably shaking her fist at the mere thought of the gluttonous, fatassery of a huge plate of fries covered in meat and kimchi.  You can also choose to get tots over fries.  Why I didn't notice that before I placed my order...I'll just have to live with myself until next time.  I would totally come back here, maybe next time I'll come at an hour where there are other patrons.  I bet this place gets a lot of cool people milling about.
4	Most critical fact: they have fernet branca. Se sirve fernet branca! Aguante Argentina!Review is tricky because depending on your checklist for a bar it's either three stars or five, thus the 4 star rating. More on that in the next paragraph but here's the second most critical fact: beer is ridiculously cheap and food portions are ridiculously large. Oh and third most critical point: the friendliest bartenders I've ever met work here, Ok now the real review. You will give this place five stars if any of the following describes you:*you are a hipster*you enjoy motorcycles*you enjoy small bands live*you enjoy a good deal, regardless of atmosphere*portions matter more than the product served*you are looking for fernet (caution, the mix is strong)*service matters to youNow who would give it three stars?*People looking for the hip bar, this place is not very crowded*People looking for trendy or original mixed drinks*People looking for smaller portions with less grease*People looking for great food (it's good for a bar, but besides the portions, unremarkable)All in all I had a solid experience and I will be back. A great place to start your evening. Maybe that would have just been the best way to write this review.
4	Despite not getting the plate I ordered, I was extremely pleased with my experience here. The live music was surprisingly awesome and the service was good.Not a typical date night spot, but my fiance & I enjoyed it tremendously! (missing one star because I didn't get what I ordered)
5	My only complaint:  The bands that play here kinda suck.  Other than that (which isn't the Yucca Tap Room's fault entirely) this is a great place for people to make new friends and grab some drinks.  It's not too crowded.  When I went here, they couldn't take credit cards--but that's unusual.  Something happened of course, so I won't deduct a star for it being CASH ONLY (my greatest pet peeve) because obviously THEY DO TAKE CREDIT/DEBIT CARDS here.
4	This bar really has two distinct personalities. There is the original bar which has a few taps, but mostly bottles & cans. It is more of a traditional dive bar and has the major label beers (plus some of the forgotten brews that are more nostalgic now such as Hamm's & PBR). I was impressed that I checked in and received a Yelp coupon for 50% off of my first drink. I had a tall Red Stripe, a Hamm's, and a PBR for a grand total of $6. Next door, or through the door in inside the bar, is a second version of the bar. This has a whole different feel. It is more of a craft beer, newer bar. Unlike the chalk board menu next door, this section of the bar has electronic menus with a good assortment of micro-brews. Each of the ones I had on this side were $6 each. A huge highlight for me was the menu. I ordered a Sonoran hot dog for $3.95. Being engaged to a lady from Sonora I have had several from various places. The Sonoran hot dog here was probably the best I have ever had. And it was cheap! I like this place because it does have two different personalities and depending on your mood, one of them will be right for you. I like the newer side with a good selection of draughts and bottles. Not to mention the hot dog!
5	I am definitely biased towards Yucca because all of my friends have played this venue at some point.  But what I can enjoy from an unbiased perspective is the fact that it is free to see music on Fridays (I believe, if this is still their policy).  It is a good way to get out, go to a friendly dive bar, listen to local music, and drink with some good friends.  Bar tenders are always friendly, they usually have a great selection of beers (I love their digital beer menu), and their food ain't so bad, either! You have to park in the back of the strip mall to go in, and there are usually two places to walk into: one room has the stage where local bands play, the other room has the large list of beers and has an interesting movie playing on the tvs as well as music blasting over the speakers.  Yucca is always a good time.
4	I'm not too sure of what Yucca Tap was like before the added the billiards room. I'd imagine it smelled bad and was cramped all the time. That is not the case any more!The food here is American-style bar food that is better than most of the similarly themed food on Mill Avenue, and cheaper to boot. They have a load of TVs if sports are your thing, and a sizable collection of rotating taps.The older part, where they have free live shows almost nightly is great for people who enjoy intimate venues. Bad for cigarette smokers because the patio is small, or you'll have to go out front.
5	Loving this place. Great music, perfect hot wings, and a good drink list. If beer is your thing they've got plenty. There are probably at least 30 whiskeys too.
4	I didn't know what to think when we pulled up the the bar, but I'm glad we went in. Very small but very good! Many beers and other drinks to choose from.
4	Great food and a good place to unwind, there is a pool table thats usually not being used but there is only one. Other than that they have incredible drinks, music, shows, and are really reasonably priced. Don't forget to grab a bite either, their food is surprisingly good.
4	This dive bar is awesome! I loved that there are 30 beers on tap to choose from and many more bottled. Any bar that carried lambic is a bar for me! The food was delicious and affordable. Everyone in my party enjoyed the food they ordered.
5	They've got live music every night. Great food and beer to choose from. Definitely must try out the Yucca Burger.
4	Was recently visiting family and my brother found this cool little bar! I can't discuss it's location because, frankly, I don't know my way around. But the inside was cool, slightly divey, but still nice and relaxed.It was a Saturday night so the beats were bumpin'!! The DJ was a bit loud, but service was good. And the rock band on the other side was pretty killer too!! I like the split between the bars to allow a little bit of diversity but sound proofing between the two sides. My only complaint? Bathroom cleanliness could have been a bit better.Overall, great experience! Enjoyed it, would recommend it, WILL RETURN next time I'm in town!!
2	I stand corrected....they do have quite a few beers on tap and a nice digital menu board, however, I was just sitting at the bar in the little section where the bands play, and a bartender literally threw a glass at the bar where patrons were crowded around, breaking it on the edge of the bar and sticking a customer with a shard of glass.  I will not return.  at the barest minimum he didn't charge us for our drinks after that.  free alcohol is one way to avoid a lawsuit.
3	The only thing that made this worth while was seeing Pulley perform, other then that its nothing to gloat about.
4	I've been going to the Yucca since I moved to AZ in 2007. In fact, it's the very first bar I ever went to when I first moved to Tempe!  They have great prices, good drinks, friendly staff and awesome live local bands.  There are two bars here, and each is really different.  One side is your classic "dive bar", and the other side is a little more upscale with micro brews and other fine spirits.  The food is also very good and they have great hot wings.  On Friday and Saturday nights there are a lot of ASU students there, but there are also locals too so the crowd is always pretty diverse.  This is an awesome place to get out of the heat and put a few back anytime day or night!
4	Came in late at night while driving through and were surprised that they had delicious food options. Music was loud. Crowd was relatively diverse. Bouncers at the door look intimidating but they were friendly chatting us up about the fact that they had pretty tasty eats for a bar. Our servers were quick and nice even if they may have looked kinda intimidating with their tattoos and shaved heads. An unexpected find for late night eats! Thanks for leading us here Yelp.
4	I have had intentions to come here for a long time. The reviews have been suspiciously good, and I felt that I needed to know why. But, it isn't all good so I will try provide the lay of the land. The goodIt's a two room bar that has both room and potential. It's a classic dive that gives a homey feel to regulars. They have a happy hour, but it is not needed due to the very reasonable prices on a normal night. Ex. I ordered a Captain and coke, and the lady asked me if I wanted a tall or a short. I ordered a tall and that was 5 bucks. Now you might ask, how much rum can there be in a $5 cptncoke, and I claim 'enough'. This impressed me so much that I stayed for another one. The other part of the bar have craft beers and I need to check that out on my next visit, because there will be a next visit for sure. The bartender lady was nice and clearly the caretaker of the regular day-drinkers. The badI knew where this place was, and when I parked in the back I wasn't sure I wanted to go in. I didn't know if I wanted to park my car here. The people that roam this plaza is of the seedy type and that is not something I like. But this bar has been around for a long time, and I am sure that the area has changed during that time. I will give it the benefit of the doubt. The unknownI haven't been here late at night. I need to. I want to check out the true clientele of this place, and not just the time-passers. They have bands that play here, I don't know how good they are or how wild it gets. This is another thing I have to figure out.
5	This place is awesome! One side has a DJ and a pool table with specialty beers you can order by name or number. The other side has a stage and live bands so you are just a door away from choosing which kind of atmosphere you would like. A mixed crowd of people but everyone for the most part seem to enjoy themselves. In the few times I have been there I have not seen any incidents there.The place has character for sure and drinks are reasonable. Well worth the look. My only gripe is the bathroom is single toilet and not so nice but I still give it 5 stars because everything else is so good.
5	Great local Tempe bar and venue! The Yucca is a few steps above a dive, with a great beer and liquor selection, and fair prices. Great place to start or end your night, or to catch a gig. Also, lots of craft beers on tap in the east room, great place to try new brews if you don't want to spend an arm and a leg at World of Beers on Mill.
5	I'm not in AZ very often, but when I am - this is THE place to meet friends and family (leave the kids at home)! Try one of the local brews after you've had your fill of PBR!  Yucca has it all - good music, good food, good prices, good location and best of all - sans a cover charge!  I'll be back when I'm back in town!
5	This bar is my guilty pleasure; without feeling so guilty. To summarize, I have a connection to this bar as Jerry Sienfield had a connection to his coffee shop. Not a fancy place but it works. Now for newcomers, this place offers great bands almost everyday of the week.-onThursdays they have a small weekly event of painting and rap shows called blunt club; ten years and running. -On Mondays they have small games where you can win beer gift cards for 20-50$! This place has pool tables and in the next room they have bands playing. The days range from punks to "hipsters" to rockers, rappers, no yuppies, older crowd to younger crowds; this bar has rare sightings of your typical ASU student. I enjoy meeting some weird people here and it gets to be quite weird at times! All in all It's just an easy place to get comfortable...
2	Music atmosphere was cool I'll give them that. Definitely not a very friendly place though. I go in late to watch a friend of my play a show and felt like I could have been stabbed anytime. You feel like an outsider if you don't go every night. The staff wasn't very professional and let random customers step behind the bar to do what they wish. Random music being playing in the off room by a loud DJ with no one dancing or even in the bar with Harry Potter movies being played on all the TVs. What kind of place is this? If they didn't have decent live music, I wouldn't see any women feeling convertible in here.
5	Plain and simple this place kicks butt! Great food and great music with a fun staff. This is a staple in this community!
5	First time here at the Yucca , was in attendance for a Phobia showW the sound of music , I couldn't feel more at home.., in fact, I felt home Small, personal, the bartenders were very accommodating and attentive for it being such a busy night Hard Cider on tap and Ace bottles at the ready Very pleased w the floor space as well, enough to get a good mosh goinW that being said , I am looking forward to my next visit Remember folks, tip your 'tender
5	Yucca Tap Room - been around for years. Back in the day I would only go when a band I really wanted to see was playing. Back in those days I don't think they even HAD any taps LOL. Food was a guy that had a hot dog cart right outside the bar. But hey - it's come a long long way since then. Now I even come to the non-band side where they serve food and craft beers even if I'm NOT planning to see a band. Came with a bunch of coworkers the other day for happy hour. A good time was had by all. They even have one of those Touch Tunes jukeboxes and I took it over for the time we were all there. I had to supress laughter when one of the coworkers claimed "they play pretty good music here." They never figured it out even though every time that someone was wondering out loud what song was playing I just happened to know each time - even if their Shazams couldn't figure it out. The only complaint is the craft beer/food side of the Yucca was a lot hotter than the other side. I'll admit I'm not a big fan of the mall it's in. I usually enter from Mill but now one of the entrances to the mall is blocked off by poles planted into the ground so there is only that one main entrance now. Lots of parking - yeah it's sketchy but further into the night the Yucca is eventually the only business open. Glad this place is still open after Sail Inn, Hollywood Alley, Big Fish Pub, etc have shuttered. Here's to you, Yucca!
3	Our first time here and the place is ok. Nice atmosphere and some pretty cool art on the walls. For a thursday night there are a decent amount of people here but they are understaffed. There is no table service and the bouncers are doing the most work out of anyone.  The food is decent for and the staff is nice. We might come back if we are ever in the area but probably won't make a special trip. The Chicago hot dog was pretty good for being in Arizona so they do have that going for them.
2	I love dive bars. I love live music. I like local joints with character...yet I have been here numerous times even with regulars and I still am not quite comfortable at this bar. Live music most nights on either side of the bar. Lots of hoodied dudes with beards and vapes on one side with the other side populated by a diverse group of people united in their joint efforts to relive the 90s. Sound is loud, but unclear and muffled for concerts. Bonus points for hard cider options, but massive negative points for somewhat iffy parking lot encounters on the way to and fro. So, Tempe adventures through the safari of the parking lot + rousing coverband renditions of the greatest 90s pseudo-punk hits + good beer selection on the newer side = Yucca Tap Room.
2	This is a good place to hear local, original music and bands. Every band is loud, so don't expect any group conversation.  Don't expect to get any service.  The entire bar has only one bartender, no table service.  It takes 10 minutes to get a drink from the bar and almost an hour for food.
5	Hands down my fav dive in tempe.. If u love beer, go here. Oh u like music too? Go here! Oh u like people?! Yep! Go here. Great atmosphere if ur under 35 n don't drive a BMW
5	This place really is a gem and a Tempe institution. Live music, diverse crowd and a great environment, Highly recommended
5	While it's most well known for being a great dive bar with great live music, you may be surprised to hear their food is awesome!  And now their beer selection is killer too, 30 craft beers in tap. My 2 favorite things to eat here are the chicken and waffle sandwiches and their wings (buffalo ranch or hu -- which is a spicy Korean sauce). Great place !
5	I love this place. Drinks are cheap and the new food menu is surprisingly delish (think upgraded bar food). Night crowd varies dramatically based on what bands are playing and 97% of their shows are FREE! Weeee! Day crowd is an interesting mix of people who have been coming here daily for over 20 years and hung over people picking up their forgotten debit cards. I have had too many fun times here to count... Hands down, my favorite bar/venue in Tempe!!
5	The tap room on the left side is AMAZING. Great beer selection and their wings are by far the best I've ever had (with their "hot" sauce on the side) sooo bomb!!!
4	Punk rockers, grunge clothing and dive bars are usually not my thing.  I like clean bathrooms and nonsticky counters.  But this one is cool in my book.  I vibe the cool art on the wall with the animals in human clothing, so fun.  Being that it was a Sunday night and we just wanted an intimate and low key place, this place came up on the Yelp search.  They have a cool screen that displays all their beers on tap, which is about 30.  I tried the Nitro Milk Stout by Lefthand Brewing Co and it is seriously the best, most creamy and delicious stout I've ever had.  So good that my babe bought me a second one while I let him hit on me like we were strangers.  Don't ask, we are weird like that:)I'm usually not a stout girl but that beer changed my life that evening.  And you know I am not even a beer drinker.
4	Cheap drinks, very eclectic atmosphere. Between just chilling at a table or standing up and dancing to the live band, there's a slice of night life to suit whatever the need.Don't enter with high expectations. Take it for what it is and have a good time :)
5	This place is badass. I went here with the expectation it would be just another dive bar. Ted served up some awesome classic cocktails including the under-appreciated negroni. The staff love their jobs, and the kickass bouncer with one broken arm is a serious asset to the business. (Sorry I can't remember your name) 10/10 will be back with my crew.
5	Pretty cool place. Saw Kasabian and Gogol Bordello and I really don't know why everyone is complaining about the sound, it was pretty good both nights. Yeah the place gets packed, but it's for sold out concerts what do you expect? Packed gen admin concerts are nothing new and it's something you're going to encounter in a lot of places. I can also see how the view from the pit would be bad for shorter people. I'm 6'1" and I can see bands just fine.
