5	I checked out a free preview with my 11 month old this weekend.  He really enjoyed himself & so did we.  The teacher Ms Jamie was awesome, couldn't believe she remembered every kids name in the class, including us newbies!  Britt at the front desk was great at handling such a busy crowd of people looking to sigh up.  We ended up booking our sons 1st birthday party here after checking out competitors like My Gym & Childs Play... This place is the best spot for little ones under 4.  All the birthday package prices are competitve starting at $225 for members for 20 kids.  We added pizza & drinks for $125.  WIth this package you have the place to yourself for 2 hours, they set up decorate, clean up, serve your cake, etc.  The paper goods are also provided by them.
4	Kids Heaven. It's clean, safe and so much fun.After much searching on the Internet for toddler activities in the Las Vegas area, I found this and am I ever glad I did. Think inside playground but with an educational factor. The teachers reiterate the fundamentals of the learning values of each activity.Pretty flexible schedule.I have switched locations due to the teacher I have a preference for, otherwise this location would get a 5 star. If you do the play and learn, I highly suggest Miss Michelle's class. She is definitely a superior teacher as she has been there 5 years and is excellent with the kids.
5	Great staff & the kids love it while learning at the same time. Very fun place. Good for networking w/ other parents of young kids too. Def recommend.
5	The staff is super friendly, the place and equipment is clean, and my little guy has a blast while he is here!I love the way exploration and experimentation is encouraged through the senses, music, and human interaction. The teachers also explain the developmental reason and importance of the activity at hand.Our son loves Miss Mechel and the interaction with other children his age.
5	Such a great place for the little ones. Clean, open environment with a very friendly staff. Membership is required for classes but they offer the first class for free. Wonderful chance to see where your child is developmentally and encourages bonding. I will definitely be back!
5	We've been loyal client for 3 years.  From mommy and me play classes to school skills drop off I have nothing but amazing things to say.  The place is clean, the staff if friendly and compassionate.  They offer a free trial class, ask for ms Michele and try it.  You won't be disappointed.
5	Love love love. It's like my son is walking into a wonderland when he walks in! Suddenly he has such a huge smile on his face...The instructors are great, especially Miss Meshel, but the other ones are great too. The songs, the repetition of the songs and the instruments they're using are great for the little ones. Very much recommended.
