5	Join the co-op, work a few hours a month, get a nice discount on organic foods and bulk items, plus eco-friendly cleaning and paper products.  Meet great people.  Simple.
5	One of the healthiest and most convenient places to get groceries on campus. Yes, prices are high for most students, but low compared to other local health food stores. They have a variety of everything from organic cereal to environmentally friendly cleaning products. However, my favorite items are the local foods. They have a lot of local produce, though the selection obviously things during the winter. The local aspect allows you to discover just how good truly  fresh produce can taste. Eating local actually brought more variety into my diet, such as "watermelon" radishes, which are pink fleshed, and the delicious alien-like ground plant known is the kohlrabi. Other great local items are the goat cheese and the artisan bread from nearby Monticello (wish it were sliced though). They also have a bulk section with nut butters, spices, teas, grains, and pasta, which is nice since it allows you to buy what you need. Other more typical health food staples are here too, like Reed's ginger ales, brown cow yogurt (yum!) and Newman's Own cookies.  They also now sell local meat from Triple S Farms, which is grass-fed and pasture-raised.  The other bonus of coming here is that if you join you can get involved with potlucks and other events the Co-op plans. These are fun and a great way to meet people in the area and hear about developments in the local food movement.There is currently a membership fee, which is refundable if you relocate and you can try it a couple of times before you join. However, soon they are planning to open it up completely to the public.Location is a plus. It's right by the Engineering campus, so its one of the easiest places for car-fee on-campus dwellers to shop for healthy food.
4	Cool place.  Definitely worth checking out.  You can find some things here you wouldn't find anywhere else as well as some delicious fresh baked bread.Now it seems you can only shop here 3 times before becoming a member.  If I remember correctly, membership costs ~$20 and doesn't really amount you any benefits.  I think the membership issue is strange but oh well.
5	Have you ever walked, biked, or driven (preferably walked or biked!)past Springfield and Wright, seen a sign for something called the Common Ground Food Co-op, and been confused?  If you're like many people I have talked to, you might have been- but you don't have to be!Common Ground is a member-owned grocery store carrying many local, specialty, organic, vegan/vegetarian, gluten free, bulk, etc items at reasonable prices.  The selection is comparable to Strawberry Fields, though the store itself is much, much smaller.  When you walk in the door, don't be fooled by the small space.  Common Ground is packed with anything you might need- from toilet paper, to pet food, an impressive bulk selection (bulk nut butter can be good if you are an addict!....just buy a few servings at a time), fresh produce, baked items, and grocery, to name a small chunk.  What's more, many of the items are from local or family-owned businesses.  Sometimes it's nice to know your flour was ground and your asparagus grown close to home instead of shipped in from some unknown place.Just because this is a Co-op and you have to be a member to shop there, don't think it's some stuffy place to hang out.  The staff are all very friendly and you are welcome to take a look around before deciding to join.  Membership is easy- just fill out a form and pay $30 (individual) or $50 (family) and you're good to go.  If you decide to leave, the fee is completely refundable, too.  Check out the website link for more information.
5	Apparently I came for opening weekend of their new store. People were outside munching on food, a few gentlemen were playing guitar and violin and the store was busy with people. Hmmm.. I decided to investigate. This store relocated to Lincoln Square in to a new space. The deal is, you become a member, pay a fee, help out the store and you get a discount on your shopping. They have a variety of products, from shampoos, to laundry detergent, (bring your bottle to fill up!), to a variety of your usual supermarket products, bulk items and even some premade food items as well. Hence why people were munching outside. Some really friendly staff members, but I heard one gentleman behind me bitch up a storm about only two registers. I can see how that might be a problem... but I also think that man needed a time out to take a nap, because he seemed a little cranky.I applaud their effort and what they are trying to do, keeping prices down, help locals and provide some healthier food. Since I don't live in town, I didn't get a membership, however, I do hope they have continued success.
5	First things first: You don't have to be a member to shop here, and there is no limit on the number of times you can shop without being a member. However, if you're going to shop here regularly I would highly recommend joining as it make you eligible for some great members only specials. I think the co-op might be one of the best carry-out lunch spots in CU. Tucked in the back corner is a little deli counter with homemade soups that change daily, sandwiches, salads, savory croissants from Pekara, cookies, you name it. The prices are reasonable considering the high quality of the food; a very filling lunch (large soup, croissant, and giant cookie) runs less than ten bucks and leaves you with enough leftovers for a light dinner. I almost hesitate to write this as quantities can be limited and I fear a soup shortage if word gets out! The grocery selection is also good and features a lot of locally raised meat and, when seasonally available, produce. Lots of good bulk, speciality, organic, and vegan items as well. It's certainly more expensive than one of the chain grocery stores, but the food quality is much higher and they are usually less expensive than Strawberry Fields, which is pretty much their only direct competition. The location is kind of odd during the winter months as it's located on the east exterior entrance to the old Lincoln Square mall, right next to Cardinal Fitness. However, this location is perfect during the summer as it is right next to the Farmer's Market and makes for a great Saturday morning shopping. The staff here are always friendly and extremely helpful. They post recipes with the produce with ideas for how to use items that may be unfamiliar to some, which I really appreciate. Over all, I'd say this is the best grocery in town if you're willing to spend a little extra for really great stuff. If you're on a budget, it's a good place to supplement your regular grocery shopping with some local or specialty items.
5	A clean, bright store with the best organic food prices you will find anywhere in the C-U area. You can become co-owner for a $60 investment buy-in. Sweet! I could co-own a store!
5	I really like this little store!  It's really new and clean which is nice.  I don't usually buy produce or anything here because I think it's a bit pricey.  However, this is the place to go if you need any weird or organic ingredients that your typical grocery store doesn't carry!  I have bought bulgar, steel cut oats, wheat germ, raw unsalted pumpkin seeds and other random ingredients here, and they are well priced because you only have to buy what you need.  I love this little store, it always has the odd ingredient that I can't find anywhere else!
4	CG is pretty expensive, but it provides a number of quality items in a relatively small space, all the workers are really friendly, and I've always been satisfied with any groceries I've picked out here.  Great stop.
5	Common Ground gets a lot of flack for being expensive, but really it's only expensive if you're comparing Common Ground's organic items to the conventional items at Schnuck's or Meijer - and several time I've noticed Common Ground's organics were actually priced cheaper than those at the chain stores. You also have to consider the fact that Common Ground is a small, independent grocery store that has to have a higher margin in order to survive - and it tries its best to 'practice what it preaches' in it's business practices, from biodegradable, american-made produce bags to decent employee wages. All those little ethical steps cost money - and since the co-op is community owned, ultimately the money you spend there is going back into the community, rather than in some corrupt CEO's pocket, and that's always a good thing.Apart from my price-justification rant, this is the most awesome grocery store in town. Great deli with vegan options everyday and beautiful produce - often local and organic - that you can't find anywhere else.
1	Yeah, it's a nice addition to the shit hole we all know as Lincoln Disastrafuck, but for a co-op it's not anything special.  I guess it's super expensive, pretentious and awkwardly located, like any other co-op, but their eco-friendly toilet paper selection is like totally limited and what's with all the computers at the checkout and the open refrigerator cases?!  Looks like someone around here doesn't care about poisonous metals, child labor or living the green lifestyle!You can hardly trust these kind of people who pick and choose the parts of the lifestyle they like and forget the parts they don't.  It's all in or all out, Judas, okay!!!!  By the way, what dimwit pencil-dick Magic-the-Gathering-playing fuck came up with the name Common Ground?  Did ya look down the hallway, asshole?  Some other tribe of Marketing-for-Dummies-reading diarrhea-variety-shit-for-brains idiots already jumped on that loser train.
4	I'm a poor graduate student that has a very expensive diet.  I shop at Common Ground because their organic produce is really great when it's on sale.  Also, their organic broccoli is a steal compared to what you'd find at Meijer or Shnucks, because the price is about the same but you get waaaay more broccoli.I get all of my vegan "essentials" here, namely vegan cheeses and tofu (I am a regular of the 4-pound tofu "slabs").  I really like the bring-your-own-container aspect of the bulk section, as I hate using things I have to throw away (paper, plastic, etc), and I get all of my baking supplies here.  I also appreciate this facet of their bulk beauty department, because I can use a container I already have and buy organic and vegan soaps on the cheap (comparatively).It's worth getting a membership, especially if you'll be around for a while, because that extra 10% off every now and then can really help when your ice cream costs $7 (rare treat) and the only soy milk that does it for you is Organic Valley's unsweetened wonder.  That being said, I really should subtract a star for the prices... they're frequently offensive (compared to Whole Foods, which is saying something).
3	Even as a member they are on the side of ridiculously over priced.  It's cleaner and more like a normal grocery store than most co-ops.I hit this place up for vegan 'butter' close to home, sale items, or that one produce item impossible to find organic elsewhere.This co-op has more pretensions of grandeur than most.
2	I'm from Chicago. I shopped at Whole Foods, I know that its my choice to spend that much money on food. So that's not why it gets 2 stars. It gets two stars because the selection is really limited and lame and the people are pretentious (and usually I have a very high tolerance for pretention.)Maybe its because someone talked it up to be such a great thing that left me feeling so cold once I walked in the doors. Maybe it was the overall lack of options. They didn't even carry vegetarian options that Dominick's and Jewel in the Chicagoland area (like Schnuck's and IGA) had provided that got me so riled up.I've only been here once. I haven't gone back because the experience was awkward enough for a one-time-only visit kind of thing. The people weren't friendly or helpful. In fact, when I asked if they ever carried a certain product they were really rude in their reply. They didn't have any of the things I was looking for that I hadn't already seen somewhere else... they had stuff you can find at Meijer or Schnuck's! So why should I spend so much more to get the same exact thing somewhere else!? That's when its irritating to see just how jacked up the prices are!
2	I used to be more impressed with the Common Ground Food Co-Op. I mean, they have a few select organic or special natural items you can't find elsewhere but the service diminishes the experience.First of all, for the longest time...a woman who works there with very long hair would follow me around and keep an eye on me and my husband....demeaning us with an insulting special treatment. I saw her many times pretending to be busy counting products on a shelf when clearly she was watching me.It was infuriating. I spend hundreds of dollars there. For God's sakes! I had to ignore her behavior constantly. Eventually the long haired woman figured out we were just shopping and quit her behavior.But there are problems with other members there. One guy with blue eyes and glasses who works as a cashier told me to put stuff back on the shelf..O...K....that's not my job buddy. If I decide not to buy a product and I decide to leave it on the counter, that's not my problem. How insulting.Oh, by the way, do NOT eat their nectarines...they are covered with large and various-sized brown fruit flies. I talked to one of the cashiers about it and he meekly muttered, "yeah, the fruit goes bad quickly..." and I suggested that they use one of their own fruit fly traps, and he didn't really say much, he was like "yeah, we should.." but it didn't seem like he was taking it seriously.Their selection is ok...but Natural Gourmet is better. The owner there is nicer and they don't have weird people acting strangely and giving you special treatment.
5	What's up with review of the Common Ground Co-op comparing it (negatively) to Whole Foods Markets??? I mean come on: Whole Foods is a gigantic chain of corporate grocery stores. This co-op is a terrific, small-town shop that offers good food in a nice setting.I shop the co-op for massive bricks of fresh tofu, bulk foods, and assorted other tasty vegan treats. The co-op is a hub of activity in Urbana with bike racks out front.
4	Great store, decent selection (especially in bulk!), fair prices, and I have always had good interactions with their friendly staff.  If you are shopping between here and SF, go here :)
5	Common Ground is everything a coop should be.  The people are great, there is a wonderful community of shoppers/owners, the selection is more than adaquate, and the atmosphere is just perfect.  There are lots of great classes to take advantage of, a nice selection of local produce (best in town next to the farmer's market), and the seasonal displays at the front are really nice.I also love the fun events held there like the annual seed swap and the occasional music performance on the patio.  I highly recommend taking full advantage of this coop, it's much more than a grocery store.
2	Common Grounds selection seemed very average.  The did have some local vegetables for sale, but the fruit came from California, New Zealand, and Chile.   We've been here once, but on the next visit to Urbana, we'll try another healthy food store.  The staff was very friendly and sociable, so that's good.   2.5 stars, actually.
3	I've been in here a few times. I haven't bought anything though. I love the free recipes and all the organic healthy choices. Despite the prices, they seem busy enough.
4	I think this place is pretty great. We don't buy everything here, but things in bulk are really reasonably priced and for some reason their tofu is the best in town (How can any tofu be the best?  It just is.). Their prepared foods are all excellent; may I recommend the asian peanut noodles? You can grab some food and go eat out front with a glorious view of the Lincoln Square parking lot, or if you are up for a less exciting view (or escaping from inclement weather), you can sit inside the mall in the empty hallway. It's better than nothing! Bring your own bags so you don't have to buy one!
5	An excellent food co-op, with a sincere interest in the community. The produce section is well managed, and the greens are fresh, many are locally sourced. Events, discounts for owners (a onetime fee) with each purchase, friendly advice, and consistent quality. I am very happy with the CG Co-op. The recent sale of plants was superb - horseradish root, sungold tomato plants, etc...Keep up the good work.
5	I've been here twice so far--once just to check it out and browse, and a second time to actually go shopping.  This store is small, but they have a lot of variety and it's clear that their stock has been carefully chosen.  I was mostly shopping for items that were on sale (their co-op deals really are deals) but if I'd come in with an actual grocery list I'll bet I'd have been able to find everything.  Their bulk section is really nice.  I bought some vanilla almond granola to go with the yogurt I also purchased and OMG it's wonderful.  No complaints about any of the food I've purchased there--it's all great quality.As for the staff, they greeted me but weren't overly friendly or overbearing.  I liked that, since I wanted to take my time and browse without feeling rushed.  I'm sure if I'd asked for help, they would have been more than willing to answer my questions.  I'll definitely be back, and might consider becoming an owner.  This is definitely the kind of local store that it feels good to support.
4	Small, but good. Wish I lived closer, I would go there alot more.
5	I am proud to call myself an owner. I'm here on a regular basis picking up staples and having lunch at the soup bar. Their bulk section is well-stocked and the selection of local produce is impressive. I am thrilled for the expansion in the fall!
2	i'll tell you a secret.  i'm letting you in on the (common) ground floor.... this place is crazy expensive.  i've been a vegetarian for over 25 years, and eating healthy doesn't have to cost that much... but if you feel like getting the whole foods experience without going to chicago... common ground is your place.  i shop the bulk bins because there is variety.  i shop the sale items.  i don't buy much else.  if i need specialty items right away, i can find them at other area places at much less a discount.  if i can wait to buy a specialty item, i'll buy it online and save A LOT of money.  if i want local produce, i go to the farmer's market and just pay the farmer directly.  i don't need to go to common ground and hand the girl with the dreads and the all natural deodorant my money.  you have to bring your own bags.  shouldn't be a surprise, really.  if you forget... you can do the walk of shame to their supply of recycled plastic bags.  the look you're going to get is pretty side ways so look out.  all i have to say... is the pretense in this place is rich.  watch out!
5	The store is becoming a very very awesome place to shop!!! I must say. I shopped here one year ago for couple of times. It was a good place, but now it is just pure awesome. i decided to become an "organic" vegan in early October. So, i really need to find some vegan food that are are to find in normal grocery store. I went there 11/8. The expansion is great. They have more spices, an awesome tea selection and many other changes. Oh, they start to have a salad bar, which is so appealing. They provide fresh side dishes and salads. I love their expanded selection for spices.The bulk area just become my favorite part. The fresh produce is on the more expansive side. But, they all locally grown or organic. We all know living healthy in an organic life is very expensive here. It's not their's fault.
4	They have expanded the store and it's even better. The new cafe in the store was great. Friendly service and the food was very tasty. I would highly recommend the hot roast beef sandwich with carmelized onions.
4	Excellent selection of whole foods and organic. Good sales too. They are a bit pricey, though this is pretty much the norm for all health food these days and I think overall that Common Ground is cheaper than Strawberry Fields.They recently expanded and have a great salad bar along with pizza and sandwiches. A small but nice selection of beers and wine have also been added since the expansion. Part of what makes this place so great is the people. I shop here often and the employees genuinely seem like they enjoy their jobs. They are easy to talk to, very helpful and kind. One of my favorite places in the area....go check 'em out!
5	Sandwichs, Pizza, Soups, Burritos, Salads, etcMeats, Vegetarian, Vegan, Gluten Free, etc
4	I'm actually a co-op owner, because I strongly believe in what this place is contributing to the community. I buy most of my produce and groceries at Meijer, but we come here quite often for the bulk section and soy products. Prices are very moderate and cheaper than Strawberry Fields.They also have a salad bar, pizza, and sandwiches. There's a bakery, coffee, and soups. Everything I've tasted has been pretty good!  I recommend bringing your own bags and using cash or a debit card.
3	since the store expanded, it seems like prices have come down a little.  the addition of the salad bar is nice, but it's still crazy expensive to make a salad to go.  i ordered a vegan rueben and got home, only to realize...it had no sauerkraut on it.  this place is a work in progress, and it seems like it will be for awhile, but it's a valuable work in progress.   it's why i support it as an owner, and it's why i shop there and suck it up and pay more for some things.  the bulk bins can't be outdone.  if i need something in bulk.... it's THERE, nine times out of ten, and most often, it's reasonable.  the expansion did a lot for their prices in the way of shelf items.  some of their prepared items are still expensive, but it's a choice to buy those.
4	A lot of stuff here of pretty pricey, but the bulk section is amazing. Good selection and good prices, especially considering that everything is organic and/or local.
4	I've lived in a few towns with food co-ops and this is one of the better ones I have seen.  The prices range from reasonable to insane (some good prices on bulk items and some good sales, but really? $10/lb for asparagus?!).  The selection is incredible, especially when it comes to bulk items, specialty organic, vegan, gluten free, vegetarian, and natural foods.   They also have a fantastic organic wine selection. They seem to have a lot of very local produce and other items, which is great, and their deli sandwiches are really nice.  I am giving it four stars because while it is a great store, some of the items are just completely unreasonably expensive, and there is no way I could ever do all my grocery shopping here for that reason.  That being said, it's a great place to pick up certain items, and I do end up going here at least once a week to pick up those specialty ingredients.  It's also worth mentioning that the staff is always pretty friendly and helpful.Finally, be advised that they do not provide plastic bags (which is good), so it's good to bring your own bags.
5	For years, C-U residents have debated the need for a large-scale, ethics/eco-conscious health food chain such as Whole Foods or Trader Joe's, with various rounds of petitions being submitted to corporate offices. During that time Common Ground has evolved into a true force to be reckoned with--enough to convert even the most avid lover of the national brands. Once a modest selection of vegetables and granola, the co-op has expanded into a full-service store boasting an espresso bar, salad bar, bakery, bulk food section, stock of local produce/meats/dairy, and beer/wine.People with dietary restrictions and health preferences can find all prepared foods labeled in detail (and organic ingredients clearly indicated). A special shout-out to my deli favorites: forbidden rice salad, Cajun spiced tofu, Asian-baked tofu, and sesame noodles. I find a lot of the soups to be under-seasoned, but there are tasting cups set up for you to sample items before buying. If you stay and eat your meal on the patio, there's access to free Wifi.In the bulk foods aisle, you can bring your own container from home to fill up (if you don't want to waste a plastic bag). I am obsessed with the nut grinders, which allow you to make your own fresh almond or peanut butter (akin to the coffee grinders you find in most groceries).While products seem expensive compared to the standard Midwestern grocery store, you'll likely satisfy every flavor of "alternative" food fad: local, organic, sustainable, gourmet, vegetarian/vegan/gluten-free, fair trade, etc. By virtue of the kind of people who are interested in ethical/eco-friendly food, you'll likely pick up some of the Portlandia vibe, but the co-op also tries to restrain the snobbery (kids get stickers at checkout, most staff are openly warm/helpful, there's an area where you can pick up/donate canvas bags for people who want a re-usable sack, etc.).
5	I can't believe how much this place has grown in the past few years!  I go into Whole Foods withdrawal when I visit Champaign, and this is my stopgap.  They have a great selection, and the staff is incredibly friendly.
4	Tofu! vegan yogurt starter! Seitan rubins! Chocolate! Wild apricots! Most excellent place even if it is a bit pricey. . . We still shop here every week for a small bag of goodies.
5	I'm so glad I found a co-op near Champaign! They have all the products a vegetarian health-nut could dream of. And the employees are not just friendly, but they're knowledgable on all of their products. I even got a recommendation of one employee's favorite Kale. I plan to do all of my grocery shopping here from now on. They even have wine!! :)
4	Not Really My Cup of Tea But I do enjoy it.I first Went there due to a Friend working there and I got to say it's a nice place and the cheese is great .If you want Tofu This is a Great place to Get it on a Budget! For Less then a Dollar you can get enough to make any dish TofuRific.Nice people work there, not nearly as much Snootiness as you might think .if you have never been before give it a go, some things are a bit pricey but over all it's worth it.I recommend the Smokey Blue Cheese, it's amazing!
4	A lot has changed at this place since I wrote my last review... all for the better. It's a lot bigger now and the staff is super friendly and helpful. They have great vegetarian and vegan options and a wonderful salad and soup bar. I love their ready made sandwiches! Try the egg-less salad sandwich, it is awesome. I have tried to reproduce their recipe to no avail. Because of the large selection and not terribly marked up prices I'd say this is the place to go if you're looking for organic foods and meat and dairy substitutes. Otherwise, the Urbana Meijer and Shnuck's are still your best option for fruits and veggies since they're so much more affordable, still fresh, and much cheaper.
3	I really enjoy the selection of local produce here and that I don't need to be a member to enjoy all the sweet deals in the store. The selection and array of products is great, year round and I love the new wine and meat sections. I also love their Food For All program that keeps lots of everyday essentials at a low price.My only complaint is that some employees come off as lazy. Frequently, I have better luck finding a product on my own than asking an employee for help. The cashiers almost always make me do ALL the work including: unloading all my items from the handheld basket on the counter, bagging my own items (sometimes starting to ring up customers while I continue to bag), and even will give me trouble when it comes to removing tare weight.I used to work in retail, and I never had the feeling that the customer should do this much work. I mean, they do get paid to work, don't they?
5	We love our food co-op! My children love shopping here with me. The staff is always quick to engage with them, the selection is great, and the store is small enough that we are in and out in less than an hour.
1	Calling this place a COOP is a misrepresentation.  What I know a COOP to be is a user owned business that requires a membership and volunteer work as part of the membership which is intended to provide products at  reasonable prices for all members due to the low operating costs. The prices of this place are on par with Whole Foods aka Whole Paycheck. You can pay to become a member but its not required to shop and generally membership doesnt confer any tangible benefit. Whole Food prices under the guise of a COOP? No thank you.Admittedly, they have a reasonable selection of produce, bulk foods, meats, and alcohol.
5	With the food for all program and expansion, this place gets a much-needed review update of 5+++ stars.
5	My wife grew up in the Urbana-area.  Whenever we go visit her family, we always stop by the Co-Op.  For 360 days of the year, I hear about how great the soup is at the Co-Op and then, we go.  Lots of terrific variety and I have to agree with her about the soups.  Inspired, hearty, so good.
5	Common Ground has a wonderful selection. Delicious daily soups, great coffee, beautiful salad bar. They stock local, organic and delicious produce, meats, and cheeses. Very nice wine and beer selection. I love it all. BUT! THE STAFF!!!! These people are the best people in the world. They are helpful, and kind, and they make the store a real pillar of the community.
4	Affectionately known in the neighborhood as "disco Common Ground Food Co-Op" this is a good place to check out local color and get your groceries. Some of the checkers are quirky enough to have garnered some local celebrity status. Located near the intersection of Mont rose and Westminster, this is a smallish older Common Ground Food Co-Op - which actually I prefer because it's much quicker when you don't have to walk a 1/4 mile to get from the bread to the frozen dinners. They've recently remodeled and updated, so it's more modern and easier to get around.
