4	Very nice staff and owners.  One of the few places in this part of town that seemed open early on the weekends.  Some good coffee and teas.  Pastries were fresh and tasty.  Just a nice quick in and out with a friendly smile.
4	Cozy place for a quick meal. Chicken sandwitch was great.
3	Good prosciutto sandwich and free wifi!
5	loved this place during our trip to Montreal.  Great coffee, pastries, and sandwiches for lunch.
4	I must admit, for a few days, I wasn't willing to give this cafe a shot, because I was feeling snobby and wanted to go somewhere more special. But my husband forced me to go because he wanted a sandwich. I didn't eat the food here, so can't really speak for that, but their espresso was so good! The fancier cafes I'd been to had crappy foam. I hate foam that's all airy and just dies. The foam on my espresso macchiato was perfect. The menu is pretty small; they just have a few pastries and sandwiches, nothing extensive. And like I said, I didn't eat. So my four star review is purely based on milk foam. Haha. BUT I do think that this place is worth popping into for a quick snack. The workers are really friendly and gave me a free muffin to nibble on, since we stopped in close to closing.
5	Free wifi..good friends of mine!  They know how to make my iced caramel latte all customized for me.  The espresso shots are fresh n smooth.  Jon gave me my first shot of espresso.  They are very nice.  I also love their chicken sandwich with the sun-dried tomatoes, mushrooms, and pesto sauce.  Very nice decor, modern, and relax atmosphere :)
4	Very happy with this cafe. I had an americano and a banana chocolate chip muffin (warmed up) and my girlfriend had the chicken wrap. The americano was excellent - one of the better ones I've had, and the muffin was also very good. The staff were extremely friendly and more than accommodating to us not speaking any French. I would happily recommend this place to anyone, especially if you are going to the Notre Dame Basilica as it was just around the corner. 4.5 stars
5	Super friendly staff. Clear English for my poor French. Great croissant sandwich. Would come again.
3	Good paninis. Convenient location.
4	Great tasting coffee and hot chocolate at reasonable prices with friendly service. Would recommend!
