4	I am not a big pizza Eater but my kids, like most kids love it. This location is brand new and is nice and clean and how can u argue with a $5 pizza that is pretty fresh and ready when u get there. Also they give my kids little caeser's pizza cookies when we pick up..nice little touch. I know it isn't great high end pizza but they love it and the price is right.
4	The deep dish is way better than the hot and ready. Great customer service and great price.
5	This is the best Little Caesars location I have been to! We have been here quite a few times on lazy Sundays when I don't feel like cooking and the pizza is always fresh and the establishment is new and clean. Definitely an easy $5 to drop!
4	Opened in 2014, this is fast and friendly location. This fast pizza chain is second on my list to Marcos. Quality is consistant and good.  The $5 hot and ready deal is incredible and if you're feeling like a Rockefeller you can get the $8 deep dish which is amazing.
1	Slowest little Ceasers ever. Have been here many times and there is no such thing as hot and ready here. Always a wait and the workers don't know what's going on.  Just order from Marcos up the road. Way faster, tastes better and they know how to take your order
1	I would give this location zero stars. Very disappointed. I called ahead of time and asked for a fresh pepperoni deep dish pizza, what we usually get from Little Caesars. I was told there's already some made, I asked again if he could make a fresh one and said what time we would be there to pick up. The pizza I received was dry, burnt, and as if it was sitting under a heat lamp for hours. Very little sauce, just tasted like a big hunk of bread with a cheese stick on top. Please don't waste your time or money and go to another location.
1	If you are looking for a place to get pizza quickly and easily, this isn't it.I stopped in earlier and ordered 5 pizzas and some crazy bread, all from their "Hot and Ready" menu.  I don't mind waiting a little when something isn't ready, it means that it's fresh and they're busy but 18 minutes after I ordered the cashier listed my entire order as available to the 8th or 9th customer behind me in line.  When I asked why my order wasn't ready when it was all in their core (twice), he told me that he didn't know.  I asked for manager who didn't seem to understand that someone could be upset that the pizzas they had been waiting for were walking out the door to people who came in after their order.  When I asked for a refund he muttered something about the owner and vanished into the back.  That's when my favorite part happened, a lady (presumably the owner) came out and asked what the problem was.  When I related, once again, to her that my entire order was sitting in the warming ovens being listed off to newcomers and I didn't understand why I was still waiting.  She tried to say that she'd check on it.  When I asked for a refund instead, my order suddenly appeared (as if by magic).  When I asked why I had been waiting she offered me a 2-liter of soda and a bit later a pizza.  I didn't take either, I would have much rather had an apology that I never got.  What I got instead was called "miserable", I can only assume because I had the audacity to complain.I will say that the pizza here does not live up to the "ready" part and customer service appears to be nonexistent.  If I'm going to have to wait nearly 20 minutes anyways I'd rather have food from Pizza Hut or Papa Johns.
