5	I've been going to Centre Luna Yoga for several years now, and somehow I can't imagine my Montreal life without the classes and community at Luna. It's the kind of yoga studio where everyone knows your name. Even if it's your first time, they'll probably learn your name quickly. Jenn, the owner, is a young, hip, fun guru for the regulars who practice Jivamukti yoga. Her indie rock co-manager/boyfriend Jason often puts together great playlists for classes. Here you're as likely to hear Michael Jackson or some more obscure folk rock as you are more traditional yoga chants.Most classes are either Jivamukti (a style founded by Sharon Gannon and David Life in New York City) or flow, always with music and usually hands-on adjustments. It's a lively, relaxed atmosphere. There's some yogic philosophy and chanting involved, but the focus is generally more on the physical practice. They have a variety of subscription options that make it easy to drop it for a class depending on your schedule, and also offer occasional workshops and retreats. The classes are generally challenging and will make you sweat, but I always leave class feeling lighter and happier than when I arrived.
4	Good yoga class. Took a class with Bram during a visit to Montreal. He was pleasant and easy to follow. He guided us through the entire class with some new and challenging poses.  The room was bright with natural light coming in through the large windows. The music was a variety of pop.  I would go back if I were in Montreal again.
4	Great second stop using my Passport to Prana!This was a very neat little studio in the heart of the old port. I had a great flow class this Thursday afternoon. The instructor used some kind of cream or gel to warm up my back and it was great. It felt really nice, and put be a good mood to start the class. Overall I really like the atmosphere of the class and the venue itself. It's definitely a studio to check out if you are in the area.
5	Luna is located in the Old Port on St. Paul Ouest. It's a very small studio owned by Jennifer Maagendans and co-managed by my favorite yoga teacher, Bram Levinson.Luna ia a super friendly studio and the vibe during any given yoga class is awesome. I like that it's laid-back, and it's perfectly OK to laugh in the middle of a class - unlike some studios where to do so is considered a crime.  I think Luna offers more of a personal touch compared to other studios; everyone literally knows your name, both instructors and students are smiley (yay!) and before each class starts, your instructor gives a quick back rub with China gel. At the end of class, he/she rubs your neck with lavender lotion. Awesome! The bulk of my classes have been with Bram, who has an energetic and invigorating style. He always starts off each class by setting a theme and discussing why he's chosen that particular area of interest, and he almost always plays music during the class. Love it! I've also taken classes with Jennifer and Van, and both were amazing. I think it's pretty tough to take a bad class at this studio.Luna also offers a variety of different workshops, as well as an intensive 6-month teacher training course.  You can book private classes with any one of the instructors as well.
5	I have been to almost all the yoga studios in Montreal and also Vancouver. I think Luna Yoga, in terms of atmosphere friendliness, and service, is the best one I have visited in the two mentioned cities. The space is small but cozy, the teachers are the nicest teachers, I like the fact that they speak about philosophies of life during the yoga practice and have weekly themes and the yoga practice is related to this theme. It helps identify your objective for the practice and prevents your mind from wandering. There is definitely a clear focus to the teachings and this helps a student organize his or her "yoga" agenda and set goals for his or her practice. You would think it would be snobby because of its location and look but it is the opposite. It was the least snobby yoga studio and the clientele is amazing. It looks like they get cool down-to-earth, smart clients who are not too obsessed with their looks. This is very important for me because I was not very impressed with yoga studios and the yoga community. Many studios are pretentious, have a corporate vibe, and it looks like the message of yoga does not translate well in the design/ energy of the space. BUT LUNA YOGA STUDIO projects the message of yoga well in an urban setting.
