4	I'm not sure I'd go so far as to give this place 2 stars.   It's Starbucks and from the many locations I've frequented, I thought the service was friendly and I haven't had any trouble getting my order filled.    That said, I've only been here twice and I've been able both times to magically avoid the crowds that followed shortly after my arrival.It's a small location located on the second floor of an office building.   You  should be aware of that in case you're new to Charlotte and are looking for your coffee fix.   Just step into the building through the revolving door and take the escalator to the upper level.   You'll find Starbucks on your right when you get off the escalator.
2	This place is alright.. It not what you would expect from Starbucks though.  They are usually much more spacious and helpful.. The staff here is snippy and not friendly.  Hey.. Free Wifi!!  Cant complain about that.. I am yelping from here right now.. But it makes me wanna go try Caribou Coffee.  Eh..-Ian M.
2	Starbucks - meh.  I've definitely had better. I prefer local, unique coffee shops instead of the chains any day of the week. However, I recently drove from Raleigh to Charlotte and had to have *something* before meetings...I couldn't wait until I got back to my hotel for room service. So this worked in a pinch. Not something I'd regularly do.
3	This location is in the Charlotte Plaza building near Shomars in overstreet mall. This is a typical Starbucks nothing really stands out about this one to make it different. They do try and get you through the line pretty quickly. I feel like I have a shorter wait at this location then the Starbucks near BofA in overstreet. Most of the overstreet coffee places are crowded between the hours of 8:30am-10:30am.
4	Starbucks is generally 2-3 stars, quality of coffee-wise but, I give this location 4 because they seem to manage heavy volume well in the morning.  The lines move reasonably fast although I am usually just a Venti Bold kind of guy so, not sure how long the wait is when ordering something barista-centric.  This location is WAY faster than the one near BofA so, keep that mind if you are in the area, and in a hurry to get that caffeine jones cured.
1	This store has gone downhill gradually over the last year. The associates are extremely distant and spend more time talking to each other while people are in line waiting to order. I stood in line staring at a Starbucks associate for up to 5 minutes while she stood talking very loudly about something that had nothing to do with work.  The store was also very dirty.  There was milk and sugar all over the condiment station and trash was spilling over. The cleanliness may have been isolated but every associate's lack of care for customers is what really keeps me from coming back.  I used to stop by this location every day but now it's about twice a year. I choose to give my business to the Caribou located feet away.  The Caribou associates KNOW how to treat customers.  The Caribou associates call me by my name promptly, they remembered my usual order on the THIRD VISIT, and are able to laugh and have fun with the Caribou customers while providing stellar service.  Things HAVE to change for me to return to Starbucks otherwise I will continue to visit Caribou where I am treated like a valued customer EVERY time I walk into their store.
3	This is location always has 5 or 6 people in line from 7:45 to about 9am every morning Monday thru Friday. This day I decided to brave the line because I got there at 7:30. I understood why the line is always long. There were 3 people working, 2 taking orders and 1 making ALL the drinks. Simple math would tell you that having dbl the amount of orders at one time, but only one person making them, you're going to be slow. Regarding my drink, I tried a Caramel Macchiato. It wasn't that good. Granted it was my first time, but I didn't get the "Wow" factor for the drink, as I have from others at Starbucks. I may keep my hot coffee choices to Dunkin Donuts, which is opening go in the Mall area Uptown.
4	Let me just say, I love gift cards. I have been here like 4 times in just a week. I feel like with the opening of the Dunkin Donuts downtown, this Starbucks has stepped up it's game in terms of service. I don't always have 4 people ahead of me every time I'm going to order now, which is awesome. For this particular visit, my beverage of choice was a Apple Cider beverage. I heard it was tasty and wanted to try this spin on a traditional Apple Cider. They finally had Apple Juice (they had been out at least 2 days prior)! The drink was delicious. Warm apple juice with whipped cream and caramel drizzle. Great! Would I go back for this, of course. Is it seasonal? Nope, so I can get it anytime. Great drink and visit this time. I hope this location stays consistent.
3	It's a Starbucks like every other Starbucks, nothing to see here move along.   Although Starbucks in Paris sells mini dollar sized pancakes and man could I go for one of those.
