3	Excited about another first review!  Met up with a friend here for cocktails during the Christmas break.True to form for speakeasies, you have to go down a set of stairs to enter the bar.  Granted down a staircase in one of most ornate hotels in the downtown and is well lit and plush.  Overall first impression of the venue is that it's decorated very nicely; however they need to tone down the lighting, I would say by half to get  a real speakeasy feeling.Drink prices are right on par with some of the priciest joints in San Francisco so it will be interesting to see how well it does for the next few months.  $14 for a Manhattan is just too much for this market.  I don't even pay that much for some of the best Manhattans in San Francisco (Burrit Room, House of Shields, etc)Service was great.  George was a doll and very attentive to our group.Drinks, just one round were decent, I had a hot buttered rum kind of drink, but the one I had a bit later at Meat & Potato was much tastier.So it's just the early stages and I think they'll get their groove on as the months pass and I'll keep it in my radar for future visits to da Burgh.
5	I went to the speakeasy bar in the omni last night. It was amazing! Five stars! The bartender was knowledgeable about everything and we were the last ones to leave the bar. The bartender's name is Dawn and Ben is the manager. The ambiance is so chill that it makes you feel like you went back in time to the early 19 hundreds. The room is a little bit small otherwise the place is perfect. The drinks are made it with fresh ingredients and the aroma from your drink what have you guessing which ingredient is making that smell.
5	Lovely space, brilliant menu with plenty of fun facts on the history of speak-easies and specific information about Pittsburgh during prohibition. Local pride is instilled in the drinks and the anecdotes in the menu. LOVE! Get your tail down here during their limited opening of Thursday thru--Saturday? It better be here when I visit next, ok?
4	Not my favorite prohibition bar that I've ever been to but it is certainly cool.  It is in the basement of the William Penn Hotel and was apparently originally a real speakeasy during prohibition.  I talked to the bartender a bit and found out that the place was not even discovered until about a year ago when they found a false wall during hotel renovations!  There were also three unopened bottles of liquor dating from the early 1900's that are now on display.The drinks are all reminiscent of 1920 style cocktails.  Very cool.  Don't expect your drink fast, these bartenders know what they are doing and take their time making your drink look and taste perfect.  Waiting is easy though when the surroundings that you are in are very well done and there is old fashion music playing throughout.I would definitely go back here though.  Be careful how many drinks you order here.  There prices are quite expensive.
2	Drinks are above average (fair priced for the quality) and staff is friendly, however after a couple times visits, I can confirm the service is always ridiculously slow (a minimum of 5 min wait time for a drink, sometimes almost 10 min after ordering).  Your drink is always dry for several min before being able to order again.If they improved service time I would easily give 5 stars.
4	Came here after a overly busy Butcher and the Rye.  Wow.....and what a relief.  This was exactly what I wanted.  Easy to hear yourself talk and outstanding drinks.  I had the Egg Flip as well as the Orange/Lemon Old Tom Cobbler.  Both great.  The Cobbler tasted so refreshing it would have been a great beach drink.  We also got a Charcuterie board which was good, but wasn't a fan of the Pate (and I usually like Pate)  I never knew this place existed until my friend showed it to me.  I'm so glad I know about it now.  I feel like I'm giving up this secret gem.  A place for great drinks and conversation.
2	A slightly better than average, but just as overpriced, over-hyped "hotel bar." Went on a busy night and waited about an hour to get in (waited in the even more mediocre bar upstairs), and then at least 15 minutes for service contact and another 20 for the drinks. Our server seemed more like an Eat-N-Park waitress dressed like a prostitute than a steward of fine libations. I think I had the "Blind Tiger" which was fine, but not better than cocktails I make at home and not worth the wait.
5	Awwwww man, our owners have such a great time whenever they come here. There is something special about the tipsy feeling resulting from drinks made with painstaking care and fine ingredients. Our waiter is always exceptionally courteous and cordial. Our owners previously had a really special Mother's Day that ended at the Speakeasy, instantly making a lasting memory for grandma and our owners. It is always so much fun to share a hidden gem of a destination like this to a loved one. Our owners will come way more often when they start making millions of dollars off of internet videos of our hilarious antics. Until then, our owners can only justify getting $10+ drinks a few times a year. Meow.
1	Horrible service. Not sure I can put it any other way. Just horrible. Compared to the excellent hotel it is in, even more so. The service was so bad we just left without our drinks. Place has potential, but they need to look at their staff to see if they can get a drink to a table within 20 minutes. Too bad.
5	Great location in the bottom of Omni. Hidden in the bottom of the hotel and was an actual speakeasy in prohibition times.  The feel and atmosphere of the bar is relaxed and chill.The drinks and food are locally sourced and original twists on some ancient and modern classics and surprisingly affordable.Out waiter was amazing. Highly recommended.
4	I'm surprised about previous reviews on bad service. The only one in this joint with bad service is the manager. The employees are amazing and very welcoming. Dom made excellent drinks. All I know was I wanted  bourbon and she made me several amazing cocktails.  The manager does his own thing and is of zero importance.
1	Rude staff. Horrible service. Closes earlier than posted times. Do yourself a favor and don't bother visiting the speakeasy. The hotel itself is great- too bad it's stuck with this bar inside it. Go to the tap room instead if you're staying in the hotel.
5	Unique experience. Super fancy fun place in the bottom floor of the Omni. The bartenders are top notch. The drinks are unique to represent prohibition times and even are made with many local distilled liqueurs on the very same street. The pricing is reasonable and there are many drinks to choose from. Very fun ambiance.
1	I normally don't write bad reviews on places because I'm in the industry and I usually give the place the benefit of the doubt but this one didn't make the cut. Both of us got the punch which doesn't actually need to be made. At around 25 minutes of waiting, the server came up to our table saying the bartender was going to get a refill on the punch... Yes, 25 minutes later. When the drinks showed up, they were two different ones when we both ordered the same thing. Keep in mind we are approaching about 35 minutes for two punch drinks. We figured we should ask for our tab because it was obviously going to take a while to get it. 20 minutes later our tab comes and without looking, I give him my card because I didn't have the patience any more. The credit card slip came and I was charged $26 for two $9 drinks. As I said my patience were depleted so I didn't bother to dispute the charge. All of this could have been changed if the server would have acknowledged the long wait time but he didn't in any way. I won't be returning to Speakeasy.
