4	This was a really nice little cafe that we stumbled upon as we were wandering around Petite Italie. The servers were really friendly and attentive (and accommodating... we don't speak French, and they were very patient with us), and the food was fantastic! Try the chicken cutlet panini, or the gnocchi, both were delicious, and you could tell that the food had been prepared with fresh ingredients. Their sangria is also pretty tasty, check that out as well.The only downside was that it took a while for us to get our food, and there were only a few other parties being served at the time. I mean it was definitely worth the wait, but if you're in any sort of a hurry, this isn't the place to stop for a quick bite to eat.Overall: Great food, great staff, great restaurant. I would highly recommend it to anyone that's in the area and looking for some good Italian food.
4	When we moved to Little Italy we asked our Italian friends if there were any places they or their families would particularly recommend. One told us that her (very) Italian padre always went to Epoca for the prosciutto pizza. This has become a regular spot for us since, we tuck into the back booth and load up on antipasto and carbs. It's not a fancy spot, there is a tv that's usually on and the staff is never in a rush. There is hot oil, hot peppers, and parm on every table and a nice small outdoor terasse on St Laurent with room for a few tables. The pizza dough is thin and soft and fresh, the ingredients are generally local and delicious (we are right next to the Jean Talon market, if you are not getting your produce right in this neighborhood you are doing something really wrong). Epoca isn't trying to be old timey, or fancy, it's just a chill, tasty way to hit the spot.
4	Epoca is something of an institution in Montreal. Sort of like the Peach Pit in 90210, it's the safe bet that's also family friendly. Situated right on St. Laurent smack in the middle of the action of Little Italy, it's got a few outside tables and large sliding windows that open the place up to the street. Three or four TVs are always on, usually playing a Juve game or the afternoon Formula races. The patrons are a cool mix of Italian young families out for an early lunch, the odd couple sharing a pizza, a few friends sipping espresso and philosophizing, and two or three goons in track suits and Scuderia Ferrari hats glued to the TV while playing with their Honda or Chevy car keys. The menu is pretty impressive for what looks like a dedicated coffee-shop. Everything from pizza to pasta dishes to even fish is served, all of it quite good. You really can't go wrong with anything here - it won't blow you away, but you're there for good coffee, good solid comfort food, and a relaxed, unpretentious atmosphere. Epoca delivers those things in spades, and earns a solid 4 stars.
4	I agree with the other reviewers about this place it is chill and the pizza is always good, I tend to visit this place in the summer, and sit outside.  The service is friendly and you can hang here, in fact it is the thing to do, don't go there if your in a rush since the fun part is hanging and people watching.
5	Where have you been all my life? I finally decided to try cafe Epoca for lunch today. My friend and I each ordered a pizza. They were flippin' incredible. Perfection! I'm rating this restaurant on my pizza alone. I have no idea what the rest of the food taste like, and quite frankly I couldn't give a damn! I'm going to go back to this restaurant and order pizza again and again.Sure the service was friendly, sure I was sitting at the open terrace on march 19th enjoying the warm weather. But wow... What a delicious pizza I had for lunch. It just might be the best pizza I ever ate.
4	Pizza was bangin'!  Gnocci in rose sauce...delicious.  The best mochaccino I've had since being in Italy.  Quick and attentive service.  The fried calamari was a very tasty and large starter.  It was, however, more expensive than our main courses.  Good place to stop for lunch if you are shoping at Jean Talon market.
3	The service is very friendly, but the food was a little disappointing.  Prosciutto was thick and near jerky-like.  Pizza was bland.
3	Growing up in an Italian household with two avocational chefs, I've yet to have my mind blown in terms of Italian food in Montreal. Most places seem  a bit overdone. Epoca, however, is laid back and really quite good. Not earth shattering, mind you, but a nice spot for lunch.Rating Scale:1 Star: Avoid the town in which this place is located just to be safe.  2 Star: With so many great places to choose from, why risk this one?3 Star: I'll try it again or consume here in a pinch.4 Star: I go here regularly if financially and/or calorically feasible.5 Star: I look forward to taking my wife or friends here.
3	Ok so I have a biased opinion because I only stopped in for a quick drink before visiting Nonna Maria at Italia Fest... But the service was not quick at all. Took the waitress 10 minutes to get 1 glass. Not cool. The pizza looked delish tho.
2	Risotto = basically rice in Cheese Whiz. Gnocchi = supermarket-shelf pasta, drenched in cream.Wine selection abhorrent.Way overpriced. One of the most depressing Italian meals of my life.Ambiance? Huge, glaring TV screens, inexperienced wait staff, dark lighting (could barely see my plate!)
