1	Okay, so i understand we are in the desert and that is not primary growing grounds for pumpkins, and I know that i am not the only person in town that knows that..... There is a place in California called Bishops Pumpkin patch that we would go to every year due to the amazingness of the place.... yes "amazingness" is a word. so anyways I found an add for mckee ranch that said it was a pick your own pumpkin farm and had tons of things for kids to do and a petting area as well as being fun for the entire family..My question is What family is it fun for?? Not mine, apparently the owners, I paid $20 to walk into this place just to have my daughter play with some old broken toys that must have belonged to the owners kids like 15 years ago.. Then to top it all off.. This petting area. WHAT A JOKE!! The free roaming goat just about peppered my daughter with Goat crap when she walked up to it. They wonder around and piss all over the place. So 10 minutes later as we were walking out the owner was standing at the gate with this huge S&#t eating grin, and says " You had enough already?" I held my tongue and just said... YEP.. I will never return to this rip off.     My Advice:Get Ripped Off At Your Own Risk...
1	The only things that would add more 'charm' to this place would be distributed buckets of rusty and broken scissors, nails and used syringes for the kids to play with, perhaps also a sharp stick in the eye of all guests who enter (which would improve the view and the comfort of the guests.)Went here for a gathering/event (where the gathering/event organizer /host didn't have the courtesy to secure the facility for their use, essentially treating this place like a public park, shame on the organizer/host).  Full of broken toys and potentially dangerous playground equipment.  Barn with animals and horseback rides were ok, but facility was just run down and full of old broken stuff, with toilets decorating the grounds (which all serve as the owner's backyard - must be delightful).I have been to a ranch before, which is kind of what this place is advertised as - but this place was more like the Sanford and Son of petting zoos.Between the poor setting and the disorganized and disrespectful behavior of the gathering/event organizer/host (among other issues), a truly awful and wasted afternoon was spent here.
4	We had my daughters 6th birthday there and all the kids had a wonderful time! It was during there pumpkin patch event but that only added to the atmosphere. We all had a great time most importantly my daughter will remember that night for a long time! Thank you Max!
1	No thanks McKee, no thanks.With nothing much to do on a Saturday afternoon my boyfriend and I headed out to McKee Ranch to look at their pumpkin patch and select a pumpkin for carving and making tasty baked pumpkin seeds with. But my goodness this poor excuse for a "pumpkin patch" is ridiculous!Fist off, you can't tell who is an employee here. My boyfriend and I were both bewildered as to how the pumpkin purchasing worked, and on top of this we simply walked into the ranch without paying (upon us leaving I noticed a sign that said "$20 per family"). 20 bucks?! No. Way. I would never pay that much to walk into this tiny "ranch".There are a ton of horses, which were pretty much the highlight of the whole experience. But there was no clear way to feed them - or if it was even OKAY to feed them! There was also a Shetland Pony and a Clydesdale. After wandering around a bit we were both kind of amused and disappointed in our random trip here. Note: the place is like a hodge-podge of old stuff. Let's say an episode of Hoarder's threw up all over an outdoor farm area - that's what this place looks like. Oh, not to mention the random chickens just wandering around and the poor little billy goat I saw cowering behind a fence surrounded by cacti, probably because he was tired of all the little kids and people messing with him.My boyfriend and I grabbed a pumpkin on our way out, but then realized neither of us had cash on hand to give to the guy collecting money at the door (first time I noticed any exchange of funds). So we deposited our pumpkin back where it came from and walked out, not having paid, not having had a really good time.
3	We had a really good time, loved the animals some just need to be fed a little more but other then that it was really nice. My daughter loved the animals. Especially the donkey! Awesome decorations!
5	My son and I LOVE McKee Ranch! During the summer you can go to the ranch and interact with the many well cared for and happy animals, including tons of horses, bunnies, chickens, a pig, a goat , a sheep and our favorite, Duncan the donkey! The owners, Christie and Max, are wonderful people with great "howdy, how are ya!" personalities. They take pony ride requests and you can even reserve the ranch for parties(perfect for a child's birthday party!). During the Fall they have their annual pumpkin patch...Most of the pop-up pumpkin patches around town offer only that... a pumpkin you can go pick out off the side of a busy road. McKee Ranch Pumpkin Patch offers ample parking, pony rides, tractor rides and even a cookout! The atmosphere is Fall like and light-hearted. I would definitely recommend this to anyone with children! Thank you McKee Ranch for providing Vegas families with fun activities at a minimal price!
3	We live close to the McKee Ranch and have driven by it for years.  We have never stopped by to check it out.  One of my daughter's classmates had a Birthday party here.  We were all excited because is was around Halloween and we could also see how the Birthday's were run.  When we arrived the staff was friendly and had the birthday group get their hands stamped.  We were let to the back of the place by the house.  They had a setup with tables.  They gave the kids buckets of carrots to feed Richard the Clydesdale horse.  My daughter was anxious to feed the horse but kept getting scared.  After a while she would just put the carrot on the fence and the horse would go to town.  I have never seen a horse eat so many carrots.  I would imagine he was a happy horse.  The party also included pony rides.  My daughter loves pony rides.  They even had cowboy hats for the kids to wear while they rode.  There were a lot of animals roaming around.  They had a lot chickens just running all over the place.  They also had a goat.  The goat seemed to just go to the bathroom all the time.  The party had food served where they rang a dinner bell.  The overall experience was pretty fun.  There were a few things that I didn't care for.  There was a lot of animal waste everywhere.  I understand this is going to happen when you have a bunch of animals.  The place seemed really busy almost chaotic at times.  The owners had a hard time separated the Birthday party group from the rest of the crowd.  To be honest if I just payed some cash to come in and saw a table of food I would go grazing too.  They had to asking people if they were with the party.  The horse stable was kind of funny too.  They only had 2 horses that were friendly.  The rest of signs said they bite.  I understand this review is a little biased because I came to a Birthday party.  If you want to have a birthday party here it's a whole lot of dude ranch fun.  I probably wouldn't book it around Halloween.  Cheers!
4	McKee Ranch is a fun free place to take your kids.  Only during the month of October do they charge to get in.  I believe it is $20 per family and you get a pumpkin and a hay ride.  I have never been to the pumpkin patch so can't speak on that.  I will say I wouldn't pay $20 to go play there.  The rest of the year it is free and they are open everyday from dawn to dusk.  Usually when we are here there are little or no people.  Just come on in, but make sure to lock the gate behind you.  Also your kids will get dirty so make sure they are wearing play clothes.  They have goats, pigs, horses, chickens and rabbits.  We bring saltines for the goats and chickens and carrots for horses and pigs.  They also have a small older swing set and some older toys, tonka trucks, things like that.  My kids love those old toys.  They aren't the prettiest to look at but they do the job.  Also I think if you put new stuff out there it would look like the old stuff rather quickly, between all the kids using them and being out in the elements, etc.  I have a hard time tearing my kids away from the toys to feed the animals.  My son had his 3rd birthday party here.  It was $500 included bbq, snacks, drinks and sides, cake, hay ride, pony rides and carrots to feed the animals.  Overall it was a great party.  The kids loved Cowboy Max and the whole staff did a great job of keeping the party moving and making sure everyone got a pony ride, etc.  I has a few small issues.  First, I specifically asked for a plain cake.  The pictures I was shown the wife decorated the cake and there were little plastic trees and animals on it.  I fully admit I am a cake snob.  I was going to order a cake from Freeds but their quote was more then the whole party so I decided just to go with the cake included.  I asked for nothing to be on the cake and gave them a cake topper.  They used my topper but still added all there little trees etc.  I didn't say anything.  I should have just went with their cake, their way.  Bad choice on my part.  Second, Max made a very long speech during the party going on and on about the ranch and they do parties (duh we are at one) weddings, etc.  I understand it is a good way to get business just keep it short and sweet.  This isn't a timeshare pitch.  Max and Christie (wife) are very sweet and I am sure they mean well.  They both were very nice and took time out to talk to the kids and make everyone feel welcome.
4	We came here for a birthday party, and my boys had so much fun!  Yes, the toys look old, mostly sun bleached but this is the desert, that is what happens when stuff is left out in the elements.   We got to feed the horses, which my kids thoroughly enjoyed. Be careful of the little Shetland ponies, they like to bite!  Some other horses bite, and have signs saying so. You can come here for free and feed the horses, chickens, donkey, and pigs  I believe they are open sun up to sun down but call to make sure there is not a private party going on. I thought the party was cute, and the food was good but if you have a party, can you at least clean the bird poop off the blankets covering the hay by the tables in the back? Cowboy Max was great!  Got to see his version of Gangham style and the parents laughed so hard. The cake was good, and the decorating (toy story) looked like something you would find in a high end bakery. I thnk it is a bit pricey for the party package but we weren't rushed out or anything like you find with most other parties.
3	We attended today for the Spring Break event.  It was $5 for each kid, which was supposed to include a horse and hay ride.  I didn't see any hay rides.  My kids are 9 and 5.  My daughter loved the horse ride and wanted more than the 3 minute turn around the corral.  My son was happy to be done and has no desire to go for a horseback ride again.  The carrot buckets were $1 each.  The carrots we brought were too small to really give them to the horses.  My kids were not down to give the carrots to the horses/ponies/etc.My daughter had her nails done for $3.  There was supposed to be face painting for $2, but again, I didn't see anyone available to do them.  The owner (I think) was great with the kids and answered questions in an understandable way.This place is really more geared towards children from 2-4 years of age.  While there are many toys and play area, it's was too small for my kids.  It is a nice idea as a nonprofit and I am sure that little kids adore it, but we left within an hour.
4	We went there for the first time.  My son is 2 year old, he was happy to feed the horses, donkey and chicken; saw couple bunnies there.  He loved the mulch/dirt, liked running around at the farm.  There was a small playground and some ride-on for the children to play with.  There was animal waste everywhere but it is expected.  I think it's great for small children to see the animals, and it's free  to public all time except when they have parties going on so I would recommend you to take your toddler there and we'll go back visit for sure! Oh make sure you bring a lot of carrots for the horses and bread/crumbs for the chicken and goats, they were STARVING!! hehe
4	This is a cutesy little place thats fun to take the kids to to pet & feed the animals. Theyll have fun. There are horses, chickens, cows, etc. bring carrots!Its usually free to walk around but in the fall they charge by the head. The falls the best time to come, as they have hayrides, face painting and "pumpkin picking" (the pumpkins are just scattered around the grounds). Its not muchStill, in a city like vegas, youve gotta lower your expectations a bit.
4	Very cute place. I took my 4-year-old here and he loved it. Plenty of sweet animals to pet and feed. The place is very cute with all the decorations and the staff were all very friendly. We enjoyed our visit and will be back again next year.
4	Great to spend a couple of hours with family, ,kids love chasing the chickens they charge 20 dollars per family, includes 1 pumpkin, and 1 Hay ride, pony rides are extra 5 bucks. additional pumpkins are 7dls.  there are lots of dust here so dont come dress fancy.
5	Super cute place!! We came here to get our Christmas tree with not having much luck at a corner Christmas tree lot (which was way over priced & commercialized) My daughters loved coming here and seeing all the animals and exploring the farm grounds! Although they didn't have a huge tree selection the prices were reasonable. The people there were so sweet and kind! Really gave me a small town feel.
4	Took the kiddos for "Ranch Day" and they had a good time. Pony rides, feeding the animals and playing with their friends. Was a great way to spend the afternoon.
5	Bring your crackers and carrots to feed the animals roaming about!  DO NOT WEAR YOUR GOOD SHOES.  This is a ranch, tons of dust and hay.  My kids love seeing the new foal Sochi, she's growing up so fast.There are 2 playgrounds my kids enjoy.  I bring a lunch to sit and eat, the begging chickens are hilarious.  Seriously, they are the silliest.  I make sure we have crackers for them while we eat.  It does freak out my youngest a little but not enough to make me rethink eating there.Bring your camera too, McKee Ranch Foundation is FULL of photo opt areas.  I love the old school cowboy theme they have going.  They also lease the unwanted horses they take in.  I love that they take in these horses.  It really allows for people who want such a beautiful animal but need boarding.We are looking into their birthday parties next!
3	Came here for the pumpkin patch and it was cute. Definitely makes for a one time experience. The admission is a $20 donation per family which includes a hayride, a free photo-shoot and a pumpkin. If you want to buy a bucket of carrots to feed the animals then its only $1 but to ride the pony it's $5. They should also offer crackers or something to purchase for the chickens, I didn't know or else I would have brought some. My daughter had fun feeding the animals and running around so it really is nice for the kids.Tips; 1) Don't wear black or your good clothing because it is a farm so there is a lot of dust and hay because trust me, you will get dirty.2) Make sure you don't have to use the restrooms as they have the porta-potties and they are FILTHY. Literally covered in feces and flies, just nasty.3) Bring some snacks and juice for the little ones as they will get hungry and thirsty from all the running around.
3	We attended a birthday party here and It was really cute.  Without a party, I'm not entirely sure how much time you could spend here and be entertained. The party package included access to the ranch for all the guests, a meal (mac & cheese, hot dogs, fried chicken, buns, cole slaw, etc), a cake with ice cream, and a hayride. There are several different types of farm animals - goats, horses, donkeys, chickens and a pig. There are TONS of chickens. The area where the party is not blocked off from the animals and we were literally battling the chickens to eat. I'm not a clean freak at all but even I was a little weirded out to have chickens running all over the table I was eating on. There are also several horses, all stabled. The horses are extremely aggressive. You can tell they are used to be fed the provided carrots, etc by visiting guests. When you get close to them, they anticipate you are going to feed them and we were nipped at several times. Because of this, it is very difficult to pet the horses. There was a super sweet donkey that we were able to give some love to. There is a bunch of older looking play equipment set up in a kind of hodge podge fashion. In fact, all the toys are pretty old looking and just kind of randomly scattered about. The kids at the party seemed disinterested.The staff was super friendly and the highlight of the party was the hay ride. The kids really seemed to enjoy this. All in all, this seemed to be a great place to host a child's party as long as all the adults stay to watch their own kiddos. The animals and all the old junk definitely require a 1:1 parent/child ratio.
