1	So.....my husband and I went to get our oil changed and all I can say is WOW! No one was in uniform, they all looked hung over, and were dressed like punks (yeah even the ones in their late 20's early 30's). The first thing they asked was if I knew what kind of oil my car took...um I'm sorry do I work here??? and when he told me to pop my hood he asked his buddy something and I over heard, "yeah that should work ok" it was so bad we left and decided against it. I wouldn't trust these place if I were you. I'm glad we didn't...
4	I haven't had a problem here. Everyone is very nice. Sure, they always ask if I want any add on services, but a simple "no" always works.
1	WARNING: DO NOT GO HERE!! I took my car in for an oil change, a tire rotation, and asked them to do two things very specifically: to check the brakes and to check the radiator. The brakes had been squealing very badly. After they rotated the tires and supposedly checked the brakes, they told me that it was just brake dust causing the noise and I had 30% left on both the front and back. TWO DAYS after I left their shop, my car overheated. The mechanic said the radiator was dry.  I asked the same mechanic to check the brakes and he very quickly showed me cracks in the front rotors due to the back brakes not being calibrated correctly and the front break pads were totally used up. HOW DID THEY MISS THIS?  I FEEL I WAS LIED TO!! Now I wonder if they even did the oil change correctly or gave me the oil I asked for. I will never go back to this place again.
5	Came in the other day for an oil change and a quick check up on my car. Got very quick, friendly service from guys who know what they're doing. Really happy with the new management, will definitely be back in the future!
1	WARNING: DO NOT GO HERE!! I took my car in for an oil change, a tire rotation, and asked them to do two things very specifically: to check the brakes and to check the radiator. The brakes had been squealing very badly. After they rotated the tires and supposedly checked the brakes, they told me that it was just brake dust causing the noise and that the breaks had 30% left. TWO DAYS after I left their shop, my car overheated. The mechanic said the radiator was dry. I asked the same mechanic to check the brakes and he very quickly showed me cracks in the front rotors due to the back brakes not being calibrated correctly and that the break pads had zero pad left. HOW DID THEY MISS THIS?I FEEL I WAS LIED TO!! Now I wonder if they even did the oil change correctly or gave me the oil I asked for. I will never go back to this place again. I just called and asked to speak to a manager. The person on the phone identified himself as the manager. When I explained the issue, the person knew who I was and referenced this article. They became aggressive and argumentative. He said he thought I told him my car was a "throw away" car and that it didn't matter if he checked the radiator or the breaks. He admitted to not checking the radiator. He told me that in all of his experience as a mechanic that he has never seen a roter crack.
5	I've been going here since they opened, and the service is always excellent; wait times are always short and they're honest. They've been under new ownership since April and the service is just as good or better as it was under the founder. If you don't need a tire rotation, they'll tell you. If you don't need a new filter, they'll tell you.
1	Just went for an oil change and tire rotation. They never asked me what kind of oil change and I am 100% sure the last time I went I got basic.  They were quick, but when they told me the price I almost got sick-$84!!  They gave me the synthetic that is like $65. I've never got more than the basic in my life. When I asked why they gave it to me they said that is what I got last time, but the name on the account wasn't mine!! They said they could pull the records up and show that I had gotten in last time and I can't find my receipt. I pretty sure they assigned my car to another account and without asking put more expensive oil in my car. Neither my husband or I will go back to a place that doesn't even ask before they perform services to check what options.
