5	It's a Piece of Cake is far superior to the other specialty cake shops in town. Two reasons .... first, they use a marshmallow-based fondant that actually TASTES yummy not bland, and second ... the owner, Cindy, really cares about her clients and puts 100% of herself into every delicious concoction. If you are looking for something unique, flavorful, and STUNNING then look no further than Its a Piece of Cake! I've gotten baby shower cakes, birthday cakes, and Cindy even did wedding cakes for more than one friend .... with every single customer highly satisfied and incredibly pleased with her work. I recommend you contact IPC for all your specialty cake and cupcake needs!
2	Ok I have only been once so not sure fair but not going back so writing based on that. For the price it didn't seem worth it. We didn't finish what we got. We tried it versus some other places as was in shopping center, however the selection wasn't impressive. Most were basic, chocolate and vanilla combos, vanilla with PB frosting, red velvet, choc chip cupcake with basic frosting. The frosting was thick and heavy. The cake moist but not so special. If I'm splurging on a cupcake I want a wow flavor that's unique and worth it! We aren't into red velvet like someone tipped, and based on our experience there are better places in town. The people were rushing us as a big group was there too so we felt pressure to pick quick as well. Not so easy with a kid lol.
1	Went in to check this place out and was not impressed with the small selection. For the price I could have done better at home. Which sucks becuase I really wanted to like this place. I guess I will keep making the drive over to The Cup cakery in Henderson. BTW, the girl with the pretty eyes needs to greet the customers with a smile and not look like she hates her job. Sorry but this was my impression. The one star is strictly for the effort.
5	Yummy frosting. The cupcake was as good as Magnolias in NYC. Very good I'm happy that I ordered a cake as well at the same time.
5	I was skeptical of this place at first. I mean 2 dollars and some change for a cupcake is that worth it really? Also the space was very clean but the selection was very little. I bought the red velvet and the strawberry cupcake. I brought the cupcakes home and tried the red velvet first. The cake was very moist and the frosting was decadent!!  I could not stop next I had the strawberry cupcake dare I say it was better than the red velvet!! This medium sized cupcake was absolutely amazing!! The cupcake was well worth it!! Yes there selection is small but The flavors they have they have mastered and perfected. I would go and have gone back there. Pure decadence!!
5	It's a Piece of Cake made our wedding cake and we were ecstatic with how it turned out! Cindy was very helpful and had a great sense if humor. She was responsive from beginning to end and ensured our delivery to the restaurant was seemless. We also had an atypical color and flavor request which ended up being absolutely perfect. I have already recommended them to a friend!
1	Great
5	Was so so excited when I saw the sign go up for this cupcake shop in my neighborhood!! I was definitely not disappointed!! I went in on a whim after eating dinner with my hubby and we got a couple cupcakes. He had the Oreo cupcake and I had the strawberry!! They were both Devine!! But the Strawberry was seriously epic!! The cake was moist & bouncy and the frosting was sweet but not too sweet with small fresh bits of strawberry on top it was heavenly!! I craved it for days!!
1	I was looking forward to bringing home some delicious cupcakes and they really fell short. I was disappointment that they had no problem selling me 2 cupcakes that were oddly shaped. I bought 4 cupcakes for $10 and some change for that price I was expecting quality. Other than the birthday cupcake the others were regular store quality, I could have gone to Smiths for that. Piece of advice, take pride in your products and don't sell anything that you wouldn't be proud of having your name on it specially when it comes to presentation.
5	I wanted a "beer pong" cake for my boyfriend's birthday. Before placing my order I shopped around and priced what my cake would be. I chose this place because it was by far the cheapest for the result I wanted.When I called to place my order they were super helpful. I asked what idea they had in mind and they said they would use their marshmallow based fondant and build little cups. Exactly what I was envisioning! It's a drive from where I live but when I finally saw the cake I knew it was well worth it! It was much bigger than I thought it would be and it was placed on a big piece of wood so it was super sturdy since i told them i would be transporting it to Brian Head for the weekend. They even helped me to my car! My boyfriend loved it and so did everyone else. I chose red velvet and it tasted just as good as it looked. The cake was moist and really tasty. I'm personally not a big fan of frosting but the frosting was very good. I'd definitely make the drive and order a cake here again!
3	Gave this one a shot. The flavors are great..The selection is small (not a deal breaker) but the cupcakes we're not baked the same day. It was a Sunday so hopefully it was a one time thing.. To succeed they need fresh cupcakes daily, period.. I'll give then one more chance
5	Cookie butter macaroons! Cookie butter macaroons! Quite possibly the best sweet treat I have ever tasted.  I can't wait to try everything this place has to offer. Check it out!
3	I only bought cupcakes here that were already on display so I can't really vouch for their cake baking skills.The cupcakes we tried were pretty good, not phenomenal but in their defense I haven't had a cake in Vegas that really stood out.  Priced like all these other cupcakes places, about $3.50 each.  The frosting is a little heavy but the cake part is moist.  They are new so the place is pretty empty.I would consider inquiring about a cake in the future simply because they're so close to me. The only thing I didn't like, and it stood out, was that the lady that helped me seemed irritated that I didn't want to buy a dozen cupcakes (I only wanted 6).  I thought a customer is a customer?  We were walk in's so I was a little taken aback from that. It may be a while, but maybe one day I'd come back.
3	Friendly and knowledgable customer service. Limited selection with a tiny piece of paper on the counter with how much everything costs. They have a cookie called "pile of crap" I think....which was unusual and turned me off. The cookie butter macaron was hard like a cookie or cracker rather than a macaron. However the strawberry cupcake I had was very pleasant with ACTUAL STRAWBERRIES in the frosting which I prefer over an extract or artifical flavoring.
5	Love this store. Been there a few times and the cupcakes are always yummy. Love the frosting too. My work even hired Cindy once for our monthly birthday treats. This place is a winner in my books. Going back soon for more.
4	Decent cake, Mickey/Minnie theme for twins (boy & girl... The accent was misplaced in her name unfortunately). Moist cake and the butter cream was velvety. It was a perfect size for about a dozen kids plus parents ... Only had 3 thin slices leftover!  My only complaint is that the fondant was really thick, kids were peeling it off and throwing it away, eating only the "cake".  Also know that we told them we'd pick up the cake by 5pm, arrived close to 4 and the cake wasn't ready yet... Figured an hour wouldn't matter but in this case it did; went back at 5 and it was done.
5	After visiting several cake shops, I brought my ideal to Its a Piece of Cake & Ruth listened and delivered!! Since my cake design was created only in my mind, there was no pictures for them to go off of. Thanks to Cindy and her amazing team, they made my husband's 40th birthday one to remember for years to come! The cake far exceeded my expectations! No one could believe that it was a cake because of the complexity and all of the little details! My cake was ready on the pick up date & time as promised!! The cake was very moist (carrot & marble) and delicious! I have already recommended to friends and now they want to order cakes from them too. :) Well worth the money for a memory that will last a lifetime!
3	While my boyfriend and I were waiting for our take out order from Spaghetty Western, I decided to look at this cupcake place next door. I read some of the reviews and a few had said that their strawberry cupcake was very good. And I LOVE strawberry so I was like, "Why not! Let's just try one!" So we went in to order exactly that strawberry cupcake. The place was very basic with limited flavors/varieties to their cupcakes. Everything was quite simple. Each cupcake are $2.75 each I believe, so a little bit less than $3 per cupcake. The presentation was very cute and there was a heart on top. However, when we ate the cupcake, the frosting was HEAVY and SWEET. I suppose you can say it was rich. There was strawberry flavor ... to the FROSTING. But because it was way too sweet for me, I had to scrape the majority of the frosting off but when I ate the rest of the cupcake that way, it no longer had any strawberry flavor to it. There was no flavor to the cake.I was quite disappointed. I remember glancing at a review and someone said there were actual strawberries in their frosting ... but there were none. It wasn't particularly super moist either. I've had better. A-okay but don't think I'll return.
5	I moved to Vegas in January and since then have been trying all of the cupcake shops in town. This place is, by far, one of the best if not the best! I can't vouch for their cakes, but the cupcakes are awesome. Yes the frosting is sweet and heavy, but that's what a gourmet cupcake should have! The cake part is moist and very tasty.  They are very well priced, being the cheapest I have found so far for single cupcakes, And the shop is small and not in a busy part of town. The guy that helped me was very polite and answered my questions. Only downfall is their lack of selection. Their cupcakes are delicious, so I wish they would make MORE because I would probably be there everyday! I think I have found my new favorite spot and look forward to placing an order for my 30th birthday cake here this year!
2	I had been speaking to Cindy for about a month before we arrived from Chicago. When I got to the location 4 days before the event, the cashier stated they were not taking orders. Luckily,  an exception was made placed the order and picked up the cake. Unfortunately,  my mom didn't like the cake and it was frozen. The cake portion was dry. Its a shame too because the place was conveniently next door to the restaurant we were having dinner. Needless to say, we will not be ordering in the future.
5	My absolute favorite cupcake shop in the city! Sprinkles whaaaaaattt? These cupcakes are from a mom and pop shop, homemade fresh daily! They have a really cool chalk wall you can write on too. Definitely recommended.
1	Annoying and inconsistent. Came in on a Monday evening to put in a request for my daughters birthday party on Saturday, baker wasn't available so I left all my info to be contacted. Was told that they only needed 2  days notification. Didn't get a call from bakery until Wed. Went back in and put in our request and was told they weren't able to do it. What a waste of time and energy.
3	Stopped in to pickup something for Mothers Day, I thought there might've been some mini cakes or cupcakes with a Mothers Day theme, but there wasn't any, so I settled on a few strawberry cupcakes  and a birthday cake one for me. Thou they are tasty and moist, the price being a bit high for the size of the cupcakes. $2.75 for a plain ole normal size cupcake!!!! I'd love to see a bigger cupcake if I'm paying that much. The birthday cake one tasted like a plain white cake and it was the frosting that really only had a flavor. I probably won't be coming back.
5	AMAZING!!! These are truly the most amazing cakes and cupcakes you will ever eat!I've had all of my kids birthday cakes made by It's a piece of cake the last cake we ordered was a Mikey ninja turtle cake which was chocolate cake with Oreo filling, can you say HEAVEN!I also go all the time just to get cupcakes I live in Aliante so it's a long drive but totally worth it I have to tell all my co workers when I'm going so I can get them their "fix"!We walk out with a few dozen cupcakes every time!I recommend them to everyone!Thank you It's a piece of cake for helping me keep my girlish figure we love you!
5	Just read about what they do for foster kids and I think that is amazing and I would support this business just for that. YOU ROCK!
5	The cupcakes here are absolutely DELICIOUS!  I prefer just regular chocolate and I don't get anything too fancy.  Every time I go in here, they are always super nice and helpful.  Cindy is also pretty amazing as well!  Because of Cindy and her outstanding team, I will continue to go here!
4	Took my 4-year-old for a treat. Disappointed that we couldn't eat our treats there (just one tiny table). The selection was just okay: red Velvet, chocolate, birthday cake, yellow cake, Oreo, German chocolate, and peanut butter cup. Everything was already made. The cupcakes were moist with a generous amount of sweet frosting. I found my chocolate cake to be slightly bitter, but overall good. Another bummer was no drinks (at least water would be good on hot summer days). Overall the cupcakes were good not great. They will do well with the location though.
5	Beyond words! Amazing place. After shopping around other bakeries I stumbled across its a piece of cake and I'm so glad I did. I had a custom little mermaid cake for my daughters birthday it was amazing! Love at first sight, it was a hit at the party! Not only was it beautiful it was delicious! And the price couldn't be beat it will officially be my #1 go to bakery for birthday cakes. THANK YOU CINDY!!
5	Will definitely order again! Best cupcakes I've had not overly sweet cake was perfect
5	I ordered a cake for my sister's baby shower and had an amazingly pleasant experience. When I first placed my order, I was a little nervous as I had never used them before for a custom order (I just stopped in from time to time to purchase cupcakes). I showed Cindy a picture of the cake I liked and also of some frosted sugar cookies that I wanted to order. She gave me a great price for both, so I placed the order. The cake was STUNNING! I was so impressed with how beautiful it turned out and everyone at the shower gave me compliments on the cake. Even my incredibly picky guests gushed at how beautiful the cake looked. And the sugar cookies were also beautiful. I got great customer service the whole way through; Cindy communicated with me regulalry and was always helpful. Overally, I would absolutely recommend them for custom cakes and plan on using them again in the future.
3	Closed on Sundays, when half of Southern Highlands is milling about, waiting on a table at the only decent food around (next door at Rise & Shine) seems like an egregious business error.
5	They make the best cakes, cupcakes and treats!!! Try the churro cupcakes, they are my favorite!! I will definitely go back...
5	Loved the Tinkerbell cake they made for my daughter's 2nd birthday. It was so adorable and had 2 different types of cake--one for each tier. The flavor was great and cake moist. Everyone complimented the cake and asked where I got it.
5	Had the most amazing bachelorette cake made for my best friend, custom cake down to every little detail, had people turning heads it looked so real;) if you're looking for attention to detail, quality and custom designs look no further. Thank you It's a Piece of Cake;) Oh! And if your looking for a quick sugar fix there is always amazing and unique tasty treats up front!
1	If there was a place to put no stars that's what this deserves. I came here to get a birthday cake and they had the cleaner running the cashier. I told him I needed a cake and he said he didn't know what to do. I asked him what flavors and how they can make it and he said he didn't know. He said the owner left him the keys because she needed to run some errands. If you can't run a store, u don't deserve success. Big fucking FAIL way to lose business. Keep letting ur cleaners run ur store and see how successful u will become. Losers.
1	Worst experience ever completly ruined my sons birthday.  First the cake that was ordered was not what was delivered and I guess I should have had a clue when they asked for the full fee upfront.  Second for the price I was given a cake that was so small it was the size for maybe 2 not a kids party but after tasting it I am glad there was only a small amount.  It was so bad my son spit it out and yelled ewwwwww.  What upsets me the most is that the owner knew that she screwed up and rather than call ahead of time and say it was beyond her skill she simply left a note for her employee to say sorry.  There are tons of better places you can go even Wal-Mart has to be better save your money and your kids hopes and go somewhere else.
5	Ordered a last minute cake for my mom's birthday 3 days before her birthday.. My mom specifically wanted a candy crush themed cake and it came out so good. The details were so on point and the price for it was pretty reasonable.. I will definitely come back for more birthdays!!!
5	The cakewiches at this bakery are not only adorable but incredibly delicious!  The cake is SO moist and the fillings are perfectly sweet. The peanut butter and jelly cakewich was ridiculously good.
