4	I was greatly excited when I received a menu in the Pennysaver for Ephesus -- a new delivery place that might offer something besides just pizza? Yes please! I picked up the phone post-haste and ordered... well, OK, I ordered a pizza. But it was the Moroccan Chicken Pizza, so that has to count for something, right? Phone service was good and delivery reasonably quick, although more on the latter anon.The pizza itself was kind of awesome; spiced chicken, blue cheese, mixed greens, almost like CPK but better. Next time I'll skip the red sauce, but that's just my own peculiarity. The crust was tasty and the toppings were awesome. I've since tried several other of their offerings, and been happy with pretty much all of them. Reviews of individual items below.About the delivery: I live about... oh... a mile? from their Bellevue location, and I've ordered delivery at least five times. But every single time I call, they ask me where exactly it is I live. Including yesterday, when I got a delivery order and the driver forgot the 2L; I called right back and they wanted me to give them directions again. Really? Your driver was just here. Bust out the Google Maps, guise. Still, once that's all sorted, they're usually here within 45 minutes, so it's all good in the end.Food:Moroccan Chicken Pizza - 4/5 - I loved this. It's definitely not a pizza-traditionalist-pizza, but it's delicious and more "gourmet" than most of the specialty pizzas you can get locally.Seafood Calzone - 2.5/5 - Meh. Bog-standard, really. Not good, not bad.Ephesus Pide - 5/5 - The Turkish menu is where Ephesus really shines, IMO. This pide was delicious, generously sized, and served with salad and a house dressing redolent of mint and olive oil. Absolutely top notch.Gyro and Chicken Gyro - 4/5 - Tasty, and the gyro meat had good flavor. Their tzatziki is pretty great as well, I just wish there were more of it (this is always true, though). The chicken was actually grilled, and tasted like actual chicken that had been actually grilled, as opposed to "we put a bunch of black pepper on this so you might think it was grilled har har." Sadly the pita was somehow a little dried out around the edges, and the greens were a little sad, but that was probably just a one-day kind of thing.Fries - 2/5 - eh, they're fries. Steak fries. You know.Mixed Grill Platter - 5/5 - Seriously, the fact that I can get this delivered to my house makes me swoon a little. You get two kinds of kofte, grilled chicken and grilled lamb, all of which were delicious and not overcooked. The spicy kofte in particular was kind of amazing. Now, what they didn't say on the menu was that this is all served on some pizza dough with black and white sesame seeds, which is somehow one of the most delicious things I've ever eaten. Also, fries, but they're unremarkable in context.Hummus - 4/5 - not bad at all, served with one pita, and with a healthy amount of garlic.Babaghannoush - 3/5 - a little slimy, as babaghannoush sometimes can be, but quite tasty all the same.Baklava - 3.5/5 - A little bit unsubtle, and I don't love the walnut version, but the pistachio is pretty excellent.
4	Great delivery food. 4 stars frankly because my expectations are never that high for something that comes in a Styrofoam container (see: fears), but the portions, speed, and quality are impressive. I've ordered a few times from both the downtown location and once from Bellevue, but it seems packaging, product, menu etc. are all consistent. The prices are a little steeper than other similar pizza places - but Ephesus offers so much more ... like homemade babaganoush, great grape leaves (a little oily, but always hot when they arrive), and freakin' lick-my-fingers-good garlic bread. And the gyros are tasty too, if you are too lazy (in SS) to go to Lesvos or Mike & Tony's and prefer to have your gyro magically appear at your door. We had a huge hawaiian pizza and a medi-sub, which they added chicken to, with a minimal extra charge ($2, maybe). And their chicken isn't that crappy, processed, Subway-style stuff; they use good, grilled chicken on their subs and gyros. Delivery is usually a little confusing - ie; most of the delivery guys speak REALLY broken English, but they get it. Never had a messed up order, always on time.
5	There pizza is fantastic! And you can't beat the gyro and fries special when you need a quick meal. They are fast and friendly - we live down the street and can order and pick up (usually) under 20 minutes.They have a ricotta and (some other cheese) pizza - add chicken to it and you'll be in heaven!
3	Let the sad face prevail ...After a Pens game, we arrived back in the South Side with a hankering for some gyros, but totally too many beers consumed to drive the 10 whole blocks to Lesvos. So, lazy/drunk me ordered from my go-to spot Ephesus (downtown was the delivery source) ... Then we waited. And waited a little longer. Fell asleep. Woke up ... and there were no gyros. I called and apparently there was someone new answering the phone, who didn't confirm the address. Granted, I've ordered from there at least 10 other times ... eh. Confused, tired, and let down, I told them 'no worries,' but unfortunately, strike one.
5	First time stopping in I had great service and my gyro combo was perfect!  I can't wait to try it again.
4	Good falafel. Not great, but good. Their pizza is good too. Sarah S. says that the buffalo chicken pizza is the best in the area. The grape leaves are hit or miss. Sometimes they are fresh and crisp, others they are mushy and gross. For Bellevue, this has the best delivery med. food and decent pizza.
4	No schwarma, but it'll do for a quick Mediterranean fix tonight!
4	Got a gyro and hummus.  Gyro was very good and they actually give you enough cucumber sauce.  Most places short you on the sauce.  The hummas was very good.  Great taste.  Could use 2 pitas instead of one with it though.
4	The Chorizo & Manchego gourmet pizza is AMAZING! I make sure that all my out of town friends try this when they visit. Pretty good wings, too. I look forward to trying more of their menu, but it's hard to break away from that delicious pizza.Only reason I'm giving 4 stars is because they have some serious issues with their delivery service. I live 3 minutes walking distance and they don't recognize the street each time I call. They quote 45 mins, which turns into an hour, if it even gets to me at all the first time around. They were very nice about striking an item from my bill on a particular occasion.I still highly recommend the pizza, especially if you can do pick-up and avoid delivery. So yummy!
4	Our office orders from Ephesus Pizza in Bellevue often.  Sometimes we have it delivered and sometimes we pick it up.  The drawback to pick up is trying to find parking along a busy Lincoln Ave, but the food is well worth the minor inconvenience.  Great pizza! Great gyros! Great grape leaves!  Ephesus Pizza in Bellevue is great!
5	Good I order from here on a regular bases. I like the pizza and hoagies the best. The apps are also yummy.
5	This is my new go-to place for chicken gyros.  SO GOOD.  And craycray cheap.  So far, we've also tried everything from gyros to pizza to baba to hamburgers.  Everything has been excellent, and it only takes about 20 minutes for the order to be ready.  Did I mention how cheap it is?If there is one compliant, it's about the hummus.  It's meh.  They use quite a bit of olives when making it (plus put an olive in the middle of the container), and I'm just not a big olive fan.  Less olives in the hummus, please, and this will be my favorite takeout joint ever.
3	I stopped by here two nights ago as part of a night where I would try three different pizzas in the Bellevue/Avalon area.  I called my order in for an XL pizza ahead of time and was told that I would have a 15-20 minute wait until it was ready.  I arrived right at the 20 minute mark from my call and they had my pizza ready.  There isn't too much to say about the inside of this pizza place except that they have a counter up front with very little waiting room and no customer seating, not that this is a bad thing.Pizzas in general can be broken down into three separate components: cheese, crust and sauce.  The crust on this pizza was decently thin and cooked through but there were also a lot air bubbles in it which cause almost the whole area around the crust of the pizza to be blown up.  It also wasn't a very crispy crust but I wont hold that against them.  The cheese on this pizza was pretty good with lots of flavor and a decent amount of it.  Finally the sauce may have been the star of this pizza for me with a little sweetness and a decent amount of spices (oregano?) that I could taste.The bottom line for me is that I would stop back at Ephesus again in the future.  Their pizza certainly had some potential and I would love to try a different one without all of the air bubbles.  The rest of their menu also looked interesting and I could see myself trying one of their Turkish pizzas.
5	We've ordered a dozen times, and food is always good. My absolute favorite is the Moroccan Spiced Chicken & Dry Plum Pizza. It is the best pizza I've ever had, delivery or no delivery. Wings and everything else is good too. I wasn't a fan of some of the Greek appetizers, but I think that was just my personal taste.
2	I ordered the Eggplant sub, it was such a disaster: very thin and old eggplant-paties in between soft bread and that's it, absolutely nothing else! Even McDonald's McChicken has some lettuce in it. So, the eggplant patty tasted yuck, I am just glad I didn't throw up! They should go to Hard rock cafe and learn how to make an eggplant patty. In the past, I ordered their famous Ephesus Lamb Shish Kebap Pizza, it was okay, nothing special, I wouldn't order it again though. Cheese burger was fine.
3	I always tell people Bellevue is the capital for churches (there are a minimum of 2 I am aware of on my street let alone at least 4 others within walking distance) and pizza shops. In my opinion, this is where to order pizza from in Bellevue. My favorite is the BBQ chicken (no green peppers)-chicken; mushroom, green pepper, onions, mozzarella, provolone & smoked gouda cheeses (BBQ sauce). They have unique pizzas too like the Moroccan spiced chicken and dried plum pizza which is really unique and tasty (Moroccan spiced chicken, dry plum, mozzarella & provolone, roasted almonds, sun dried tomatoes, fresh mixed green & crumbled gorgonzola cheese (tomato sauce). The chicken gyro is also very tasty and everything is cheap to boot. I ordered some of the greek specialties before and those, unfortunately, were not good at all. The stuffed grape leaves were bland and the falafel was very doughy and cold. If ordering form here stick to pizzas or the chicken gyro. I've never used the delivery service since I'm so close but I will say everytime I've gone to pick up my order it's always ready in the amount of time they said it would take which is a huge plus.
2	Today will be the last time that we order from Ephesus Pizza.  The last time that we ordered we were disappointed with how our pizza and wings tasted - everything was kind of dry or overcooked, but we were willing to give it a try again since we were only ordering pizza this time, and thought that maybe they just had an off night the last time.  Anyhow, we ordered the Feta and Ricotta pizza Sicilian Style and the crust was dry and bland - it left you needing water because it was so dry and the bacon was undercooked but inexplicably the other toppings were dry and almost burnt except for the whole sun-dried tomatoes which were so salty that it left you needing to drink even more water and the fact that they weren't chopped/diced made the whole cheese and toppings surrounding the sun-dried tomatoes come off in big chunks in your mouth - you couldn't easily bite into it.  Pizza Milano has consistently better pizza for about the same price.
2	Even though I only gave this joint a 2, I order pizza and wings from here a lot... It's the only place that delivers to my house late night! If you're drunk/hungry, don't hesitate to call. If you have some other options, well... Take advantage. 5 for taste, 6 for delivery speed
