4	-- convenient location, close to the strip. This resort is less than 2 miles away on Tropicana ave, so walking to the strip is feasible. There is also a convenient shuttle bus that will take you to the strip..  as well as the grocery storess.-- new and clean facilities-- smaller but still has a pool and jacuzi
3	We've been WM owners for years and fully take advantage of the credits and properties, to the tune of 6-8 times per year when I'm working.  Now, not so much but we booked this one to stay at for the PhotoShop Conference and it was our first time at this property.Check In:We checked in at 2am after a hideous drive from San Diego.  Only hideous because it felt long and like forever.  There was some guy pumping what smelled like sewage from some location in the main building.  Plus for not doing it during normal business hours, minus because we had to smell it after our long grueling drive!Property:The property is smaller than the one on Las Vegas Blvd.  Its decently appointed and feels like its been recently renovated.  It does look like a converted apartment complex, but its all new and fresh.  Room:The room was nice and like we always like it.  We've traveled these resorts enough to know exactly what to expect.  They get a couple of minuses for no pot scrubber, no jet dry in the dish washer and 1 chair on the balcony of a unit that is supposed to accommodate 4 people.  This unit is way too small for 4 people, unless they are all under the age of 12.  Its pretty cozy and perfect for the two of us, but 4...would be serious cozy.  The bed has been comfy.  The dining area is a little small with these giant chairs...but its all been nice.  We've been here for about 4 days now and its been just fine.Location:LOVE LOVE LOVE the location.  its right up the street from an Albertson's, right down the street from a Starbucks, a WingStop, A Pappa John's, Denny's and a Walgreens.  Its about 2-3 miles from the strip and doesn't feel as 'out in the boonies' as the other one on Las Vegas Blvd.  I had to continue treatment from a car accident I was in and was referred to Serenity Spinal over on W. Flamingo and Fort Apache, which was about 5 miles away and right near by... this unit is nice and close to everything! ++++Parking:Fine, easy and most possibly right in front of your unit.  They also have shade covers for the cars...this is the first time I've seen this at any of the properties so that's nice.Staff:The staff was ok....a little aggressive with the reservation for the time share presentation but after about 3 calls where I said...sorry...they let up.  I realize its their job, so I'm cool with it.    Rolando drives the shuttle to and from Caesar's Hotel.  He is friendly and seems happy to a) have a job and b) be driving the shuttle and greeting passengers.  Yolanda on the other hand...not so much.  She's the supervisor of the transportation department and she gave me serious STINK EYE because we missed the shuttle at take off and got on it before it left the property.  Not friendly...no tip for you!!!  The woman who checked us in gave a thorough review of the property when we got here and that was helpful.  Misc:The book in the room has no info in it about the resort.  Just a bunch of adverts for services, etc...this is annoying... I'd like a map of the property, amenities, etc... I've seen this is every other resort property...but not this one.The handrail in the jacuzzi is loose...and I can tell you why.  The jacuzzi is only 3.5" deep, but its uncertain as you enter how many stairs there are and its hard to tell what's coming next.  If you loose your footing, you might grab and YANK that railing to break your face plant into the jacuzzi.  Given the size of some of the folks I've seen around this property..if any one of them YANKED, it would pull the railing right out of the ground...and this is why this railing is loose.  They should have a sign that says there are 5 steps to the bottom so you can know and count....and not fall on your face or smash your shin into the bench inside the jacuzzi.
3	Decided to stay here to avoid a night of paying for a hotel on the strip. The units are nice but on the smaller side. I was disappointed to find out there was no washer/dryer even though my confirmation said there would be. I agree with the previous post stating that it'd be REALLY cozy to have 4 people staying. There was a murphy bed in the living room, so you have to do some tetris action to make it all fit. The service was very good, they even accommodated us with a late check out. I was disappointed that the shower head holder was broken... so the only way to shower would be to hold the shower head yourself... I was also a little disappointed to find that the courtesy shuttle only ran every hour... Of course... it beats paying for a cab, so I guess I'll look on the bright side. I have yet to visit the other Las Vegas properties.. but I've been to several other WMs and this one is just a-ok.
3	Stayed here bc we got hooked up from my cousin's in-laws.  We booked 2 2-bedroom units to accomodate 10 total.  Each unit had one king, 2 twins, and a fold out queen in the living room.  Spacious enough for us, well-stocked kitchenette, and grill on the patio.  The major downside of this Wyndham is the location.  This place is way off the strip.  They try to compensate this w/ complimentary shuttles that run twice an hour to the strip.  The drop-off is at Caesar's, which is cool.  Uncool is the fact that you can't bring any containers into this shuttle.  How am I supposed to get my pre-drank on? Wyndham Worldmark also has a complimentary shuttle that brings you to the grocery store around 10am, and stays there for about an hour.  That was nice.  Another plus is being able to mention you are staying at Wyndham and took the shuttle to get there gives you a tiny discount at the checkstand.  Holla!If you're not too worried about location, then this place is ideal.
2	Last Time we stayed here, they put us near the Construction area, and after getting in after 4am, the loud banging and noise was not welcome at 8am.  They also give you a hard time about early Check-Ins, and the pool hours SUCK...The Lazy river is great, but the pools were not heated, and we had to deal with a bunch of kids splashing and trashing water all over the place.  A great spot to vacay if you are bringing along Children.
4	This one is definitely better than the other resort which is considerably farther on Spencer.There is a 24 Hour fitness and Walgreen's within walking distance. Also a Quizno's, Papa John's, Denny's, Starbucks, Qdoba and 21 Sushi.The pool is not as cool as the other resort though.The floorplans are nice. The murphy bed it not in the wall, and has a fake couch in front of it. The fake couch is real uncomfortable.There are numerous hot tubs, not just in the pool area. The fitness center has one universal weight machine, 2 treadmills, 2 ellipticals, and a stationary bike.There's a pool table and a pacman game.The staff is courteous and there is plenty of parking if you drove or have a rental. This resort is way closer to the airport too, about $20 for a cab ride.
3	I stayed here for a few days while in Vegas.  We had four people and it was perfect for us.  There were two bedrooms, a kitchen, balcony, and two full baths.  This resort is an apartment complex that has been remodeled and turned in to timeshares.  They had  a shuttle that drops you off at Caesars Palace, which is very convenient, especially because it ran every half hour.  If you have chance to stay here, I would recommend it.
5	I was at this location staying under my dads membership in December 2010 due to the Rock and Roll Las Vegas full and half marathon. It wasn't all that close to the main strip but it really worked out nicely for us. We had our friends in from Denver, CO and their flight came in earlier then us driving in from CA. I called to let the front desk know that we were expecting friends staying with us and that we were not in Las Vegas yet but would be shortly and our friends were hoping to leave there bags until we arrived. Instead, Sam at the front desk was able to allow them to check in and get settled in our two bedroom unit while we arrive. Once my boyfriend and I arrived and checked in we met Sam at the registration desk who surpassed both our hospitality expectations. It mad for a great start to an awesome weekend for all of us.
4	Stayed here for my sister's wedding.  I thought the place was beautiful and the pool was nice even though I didn't get to use it.  It was somewhat away from the strip which was nice to me since I don't like too much traffic.  It was only a few minutes to drive to all the major hotels.  There's a lot of stores walking distance like Starbucks, Papa John's, and Quizno's.  I left my iPad there when we left and I called them, they got back to me right away and found it and I actually got it back when most would have just taken it.  They made me feel relieved once they got back to me regarding my iPad.  Overall I liked this place and I will come back.
2	I've been to a few other Worldmark locations, and this one wasn't that great, BUT it wasn't that bad either.  I had a 2 bedroom unit for 6 of us.  It was fairly small, just to use the convertible couch you need to do tetris action just to be able to use it, otherwise get comfortable on the couch.  We wanted to make a dip which required a blender, so when using the blender we realized it wasn't blending properly, upon inspection we saw that the top blade was bent upwards, so I called the front desk and was informed that they would have one at the front when I was ready to pick it up.  When i went to retrieve it, the receptionist didn't take kindly about having to go into the basement to retrieve a blender so she gave me attitude that the blender is kept above the stove.  When i explained the situation she rolled her eyes and went anyways.  It took her 15 minutes to retrieve a blender, and finally told me that all the blades are upwards so that's how they are meant to me.  I merely stated that we wanted to create a dip, and she was quick with her attitude to tell me that a blender isn't a food processor (like i didnt know).  Service from this place alone was crap compared to other Worldmark locations.  Other than the service, the unit was fine since we knew we weren't spending much time there anyways.
4	I love these resorts, from Florida to Vegas...they are nice and huge!
4	First time I have stayed at any of the Vegas resorts.  Even though its a busy resort I had no issue getting a two bedroom unit.  Very odd though, they are on the bottom floor and you have to go down a couple steps into them.  Sadly this trip I didn't have a chance to see the pool or other communal spaces.  PositivesAs usually everything was nicely kept up with all the usually amenities.NegativesIt is a ways down Tropicana with lots of empty lots around that detracts from the lovely layout and landscaping of the resort.My friends that stayed there with me were very impressed and excited to have that much space and a kitchen while in Vegas.  I have stayed at several different Worldmark by Wyndham resorts and it met my expectations.  Still one of the best deals I have gotten.
4	My boyfriend's dad made us reservations here for the weekend (04/22/11-04/24/11) for my 21st birthday. All in all it was nice.There was an older woman at the front desk with long curly hair that was kind of snooty and rude (she talked to use like we were stupid) but that was really the only bad experience we had.Since we only wanted to stay for a weekend we couldn't make our reservation more than 2 weeks before we were planning on coming (lame)They offer free shuttle service to the strip every hour with the last shuttle to the strip at 12:00am and the last pick up for drop off back at the timeshare was at 12:30am. Most of our shuttle drivers we awesome. Supposedly no one is supposed to drink on the shuttle but none of the drivers care. (I was told by security when I was about to get on the shuttle that I couldn't drink but the driver told me not to worry about it :) haha.) The ride takes about 30mins especially at night cause the traffic is bad.We stayed in a 1 bedroom, it had a kitchen, bathroom, washer & dryer, king size bed, dining area, living room with TV & stereo, and a balcony.  The kitchen came with utensils, blender, and the usual kitchen items.(See pictures)They had quite a few jacuzzis (we had one basically right outside our room) & there's also a large pool but we never made it there. The jacuzzis are supposed to shut down at 10pm but we got in around 2am or 3am and no one seemed to care. I assume if you aren't loud and obnoxious no one will bother you.Oh & every time the cab ride back from the strip was about $15, cab ride from the strip to Freemont St. was about $20, & the cab ride from Freemont St. back to Worldmark was about $25.WiFi is $4.99 per day or $15.99 for 10 days (I think) but for a place that people usually use for 7 day stays... that's pretty lame.
4	I stayed here with David G, Sarah A and Minh D for a couple of nights, and the place was PERFECT for everything I needed!Our 2 bedroom condo was HUGE, with a full kitchen that was 3 times as big as my own kitchen at home.  We had our own laundry room and balcony that looked out onto the strip in the distance, and there was even a queen sized murphy bed hidden in the livingroom wall in case we had more people staying with us.The bedrooms were situated at separate ends of the unit, which was nice for privacy's sake.  DG and I were in the master bedroom, which had its own adjoining full bathroom.  The 2nd bedroom had twin beds and a bathroom just outside its door.The couple of things that went wrong were mildly irritating, but not dealbreakers:* The air conditioning blasted in the livingroom, but the bedrooms were both kinda warm* Our keys were deactivated when we returned to the room on the 2nd day there, but a call to the front desk sent someone over to let us in and give us new keys within 10 minutes* Sarah and Minh got the hard sell invite to a timeshare presentationThe pool was conveniently located directly across from our building, and there were lots of pool lounges around.  The big hot tub in the pool area was great, and though we didn't visit them - apparently there are other hot tubs around the property too.This location close to The Strip but off The Strip was convenient too.I'd come back and stay here again!
4	What a great place to stay with your friends!!  Lucy Y suggested that we stay here. And what a great idea!! Arrived with Minh D around 7ish. The place is pretty easy to find, not far from the strip and other things, the complex is not to big which is nice. Found a parking space by the check in office. Since Lucy was a doll and called ahead to let them know we would be arriving before her and David G. and that it was okay to sign in and get the keys. Office staff was friendly and got all the paperwork together fast, looked at my ID, i filled out the forms on who was staying in the condo with us, we were handed our card keys and directions to where our condo was located. But before we could run outta there, we were told to stop by the desk across the room to get our parking pass. Oh god here is where the "fun" started:As soon as we walked over to the other desk we were greeted by Jeff who tryed his best to sell us on getting a time share, not taking NO for an answer he then tryed to tell us there was a meeting the next morning at 11:00am and that their personal chef would be there cooking everyone breakfast who was attending. Trying to be nice, we both said we would be having a late night with our friends and probally wouldnt make it. Jeff then said he would give us a call to remind us about it, he even gave us a welcoming present of assorted samples (razor, craisins and someother stuff i cant remember). Ugh!  We finally got our parking pass and booked outta there as fast as we could!Finding our condo was a tiny bit confusing because they didnt mention it was around the corner and down a little bit. Keep in mind this complex doesnt have any elevators, so if your on the 3rd level your going to be hiking up 3 flights of stairs (which we did)!! No worries got our daily/nightly cardio in!!Our condo had 2 bedrooms and 2 baths, a living room with plenty of seats, a pull out queen bed (murphy bed), TV/DVD player, Boombox with an ipod dock, a full kitchen with everything we need just incase we decided to cook or bake there, a laundry room, and a balcony that had a nice view and best of all air conditioning which we all froze on the second night!Lucy and David's room was nice with a King size bed, a full bathroom in the room, large closet and a TV.  Our bedroom had twin beds (no worries with some quick thinking we pushed the beds together to make a bigger bed!!!) The closet space was enough for two people to share. The other bathroom was just outside our room to the left, again plenty of space.  The kitchen was across from our room (score).Was super impressed that the complex was quite at night. I would stay here again the next time we are all in town together! Thanks Lucy for such a wonderful place!!
4	My bf's godfather lent us the place for the weekend to celebrate us both graduating so we went with a 4 of his friends. 6 people total in a two bedroom condo. There was a pullout murphy bed too.The place had pretty much everything from dvd player, pots and pans, and a washer/dryer. Very nice.We came during June so there were some cockroaches around. Two were found dead at our doorstep and one we killed outside our door. But I've heard resorts have issues with cockroaches in the summer so as long as they were raiding the inside of my place, I'm ok.It's about a 10 min drive to the strip. There's a shuttle that runs every hour (except one hour where they go to Albertsons). The shuttle runs til midnight. We never used it though. The day shuttle is a smaller bus that only holds like 7 people while the night shuttle was a larger bus.
4	Love this Worldmark location!!  All Worldmark owners should join http://wmowners.com Assign your proxy votes to them so that Wyndham can not continue to raise fees and make money off us owners.Has  wi-fi at a charge of $ 4.95 a day.
4	I stayed here because my friend's mom had a timeshare and she hooked us up for 4 nights (my other friends stayed 5 though if it helps you determine the minimum stays here). I was very impressed upon our arrival.We had a one bedroom condo with a king bed in the room and a queen pull out couch so that was perfect for 4 girls. The kitchen was fully equipped which was nice and the staff is very nice and the shuttle makes it easy to get to the strip and get other groceries. The whole place was very clean and quiet if that's what you're looking for. We even cooked dinner at home one night since we had a kitchen and transport to the grocery store! The pool was rather lame and small.If you're looking for the full Vegas party experience, this isn't it, but if you want to feel comfortable and like you are still semi at-home, this is a good option.
1	I've been an owner since 2002, and have stayed at many of the locations.  Check-in today was Meh...Pros: Great to stay near...not on the stripCons:@ check in, no acknowledgement of my elite membershipNo hangers in the roomWindows and doors open upon arrival...it was freezing in our roomPushy saleswoman at the concierge desk No welcome giftNo movie offeredBins from housekeeping blocking our doorway...creating a fire hazardManager who offered nothing to remedy any of this....As long as I've been a member I've never experienced such shitty service...ok, well maybe one other time...at the Anaheim resort near Disneyland...
4	My boyfriend and I stayed in here in a 1-bedroom apartment-like room during our stay in Vegas. Even though we're not old enough to use time-shares, I'm so grateful that we had the chance to stay. The room was spotlessly clean, the bathroom was a decent size for two, and I loved the full sized kitchen & living room. I think neither of us actually needed the two TVs in the living room and bedroom (with cable), the giant walk-in closet, and the washer & dryer since we were out and about the strip most of our trip, but I'm not complaining! Worldmark at Wyndam is set up like a resort, with the giant pool, two whirlpool hot tubs, a front desk & concierge, and all other accommodations you can think of that come with a resort. Although construction was being done, I didn't hear any noise at all from it throughout my entire stay.Even though this place isn't on the strip, it's literally only a 10 minute ride away. If you're not willing to cough up $17-20 (with tip) for a taxi, Worldmark at Wyndam also offers a free shuttle that leaves the resort every hour (except for 1 pm for groceries and 9 pm for shuttle maintenance) and picks up residents from Caesar's Palace every half hour (except 3:30 pm). I wouldn't make a big deal out of this, but it is SO helpful to have this shuttle. Paying almost $20 for every taxi racks up quickly, and that money could have easily gone to some blackjacks or roulette at the casinos or to some delicious buffets meals! The drivers are very friendly, and one even waited an extra 5-10 minutes for my boyfriend and me when we were running late to catch one of the last shuttles of the night (too much fun at the Bellagio and getting lost at The Forum Shops will do that to you).Overall, even though I would have preferred living on the strip, I'd say if you get the opportunity to stay at this time-share, it's a great value to live cheaper in Vegas with very friendly staff!
3	This Worldmark unit is located far enough away from the Strip so you can avoid a lot of the traffic, but not so far that it makes it a chore to get there. They are just a bit past the Orleans Hotel and Casino on Tropicana Ave. If you prefer to not drive, they have shuttles running to Caesar's almost every hour.  The property resembles an upper-mid scale apartment complex and has small satellite hot tubs as well as a main pool with hot tub.  The main pool is fairly small considering the number of units, but I don't think most of the patrons come here for the pool action, so it is relatively uncrowded.  There is no elevator access to the upper units which can suck if you have a lot of groceries or luggage.  There are also communal BBQ grilling areas if you so desire.  Rooms are on the average in terms of size, but clean and simple.  Washer and dryers are also in the units. Parking is outside in the style of shaded carports and are openly accessible.  Not completely secured, but they do have security patrolling around frequently.
4	This timeshare is located off the strip past The Orleans Casino.  They have a shuttle that has a drop-off and pick-up at Caesars Palace starting at 9am every hour until midnight. It's a long LONG walk, even if google makes it look easy it is not.  But if you park at NYNY Casino you'll be on Tropicana and it'll be super easy to get to The Strip. It would have been nice to know that the pool was going to be closed during our entire stay prior to booking.  They were painting the buildings and the pool area.  It SUCKED not having a pool, no matter how small it seemed to be.  We were told when we arrived that we could use the other WM timeshares' pool.  We ALMOST did but didn't want to have to get all our stuff and drive over there then come back wet or stay until we dried.  There were spa's/Jacuzzi within the resort.  It was nice but closed at 10pm.  We went in after 10pm but had to be VERY quiet and left just in time of the security guard making his rounds. Whew!We used the fitness center (had to equal out the food we were about to eat) had 2 treadmills, 2 ellipticals, a bike machine and one of those weight pully things. It is in the main building where you check-in and play pool.  The one bedroom we stayed in was building 5.  The rooms were made to look like mini-apartments each separate outside entrance and upper levels have stairs, no elevator because each building had 4-6 rooms only.  Towels were provided and with all other kitchen amenities you'd need. The room sleeps 4 using a murphy bed in the living room.  The unit also had a balcony with tables and chairs.  They also provide you with soap for dishes and detergent for a couple of loads of laundry.  There is a stacked washer/dryer in the unit and hangers in the closets.  I would stay here again.-----------5/16/2012 update regarding pool ----------------WM contacted hubby and said that there was a notification upon our reservation that there is construction is this resort.  I looked at all my paper work and did not find anything stating so.  I even went through a booking for this resort just to see if there was anything along the online reserveration process and I still did not see anything.  Call ahead to the resort itself to be sure.
1	Hello. This place looked great on the webiste. To give them credit, the units were well designed and comfortable. However, less than 24 hours prior to my scheduled arrival, I was notified by phone that the pool and spa would be unavailable, due to "scheduled maintenance." Really. This fancy shmancy Las Vegas resort "schedules" pool maintenance during a summer holiday week?! What genius came up with this idea? Not only were the pool and spa closed, but they were also repairing the stucco on the exterior of the buildings, creating an unbearable racket, so loud and annoying that I asked to change to the unit farthest away from the ceaseless din and clatter and dust. Horrible.I requested compensation for the ruined vacation week, and was told that there was nothing anyone could do. The manager and staff of this resort did their best, calling to see if there were any rooms available in their chain or in my timeshare, but everything was booked solid. So we were stuck with no pool, no spa, and abundant noise.Appealing a the corporate level was even less satisfying. The several people I spoke to were condescending and unkind, apparently not caring much about customer satisfaction. Strange, being in the resort business and all. Oh yes. No compensation for an expensive and ruined vacation week.
4	The pool was under maintenance and couldn't be used which was really dump since it's 108 degrees during the summer. But we still had fun in Vegas and the staff are super helpful, I will use it again.
4	The rooms were great.  But if you are imagining a quite sit by the pool enjoying the desert sun it is highly unlikely.  There are a lot of families here including children.  But the rooms were clean and the amenities are great for a family environment.  It is quite far from the strip.
3	We stayed here for my birthday for 5 nights the front desk staff was very nice. The hotel is probably 2.5 miles away. The one we stayed in was freaking bright from the sun in the morning so I got to wake up at 7-8 am (not there fault but there's no heavy drapes just blinds :( ) for me it was murder trying to open the door with my key, you have to be a magician in order to open just right. Oh plus the front door was weird it rubs against the floor in a certain spot. In the end if I had a choice to stay here again for free (bf's parents time share) I would stay here again, how can you beat free? I'm just glad I didn't have to pay, plus it's the beginning of October and their still working on the pool and the exercise room. Oh and also when we checked in (thursday) they had maybe 4-5 computers and you were able to print out stuff well (Friday) I bought tickets to penn and teller I go down that same day and they were gone? I asked the employees and they said they won't be back till Monday? Oooookkkkk? So who the f*ck decided taking them over the weekend would be a good idea??
5	another great Worldmark location in Vegas and only 2 miles or so off the strip.  we were bummed the pool was closed for maintenance, but happily hopped into the jacuzzi for much needed muscle relief from our adventures on the Strip.we stayed in their huge 1 bedroom unit with all the amenities you need for 1 to 7+ nights in Vegas.  it comfortably fits 4 adults with a firm king bed in the bedroom and another firm Murphy bed in the living room.  the full kitchen has all you need for preparing meals, complete with dishes, utensils, and cookware.it's definitely my favorite property so far and way too conveniently located down the street from The Orleans, lots of restaurants, and of course just next door to the Strip.  you can't beat their shuttle service drop at Caesar's Forum Shops running every hour until midnight.
4	The place is good for family or small friends gathering.  This is only for timeshare holders. It's pretty close to the strip and near Orleans.  You also have wide array of typical groceries for that cheap lunch/dinner to go.
2	if you want a cheap hotel, go to excalibur, tropicana is declining big time, I stayed here a couple of years ago and it was adequate, I went last week and now it's supergross.com.
3	The bf and I decided to ring in 2013 in Vegas, and we stayed at the WorldMark Tropicana.  A first for me spending NYE in sin city as well as staying at a time share facility.  Here are some pros of this place: + Decently sized kitchen (awesome if you are staying more than just a weekend and get tired of strip food) + Plenty of seating in the living room if you have lots of people with you+ Murphy bed in the living room (not that we used it, but if we had tons of people with us, then this is a plus) + Easy access/walkable distance to Starbucks, Walgreen's, numerous fast food joints, and 24 hr fitness (if you want to work off that buffet you feasted on).+ Helpful concierge + Free shuttle to the strip (drop off is Caesar's Palace)I'd like to point out that the cons we experienced won't necessary reflect everyone else's (at least I hope not!!)But here are some:- Purchased wifi but had trouble sharing the log-in and password info amongst different devices- Clearly requested an unit away from Tropicana...but we still ended up with one right next to the busy street.- Heater did not work upon arrival (maintenance was able to fix this. but shouldn't this be checked, especially in the winter??)- TV sits way too high on the stand. That or the couch is way too close to the TV to watch it without straining your neck- Last shuttle pick up is 12:30 am (a little too early for those spending the night out)Saving the worst for last...***Broken water pipe in one of their units, so they had to turn the water off the entire facility NYE morning.  We were told the water would be on in one hour, but was misinformed a couple more times, which delayed our day on the strip. We were lucky that this didn't happen to our room because we heard that personal belongings were completely ruined in the water.  I'm not sure how this happened in the first place, but what an awful morning it was for all of us.  Overall, it wasn't a horrible place to stay at, but I probably wouldn't stay there again.  It is much more convenient to stay on the strip, especially if you're only there for a weekend.  If you want a quieter room, I highly suggest requesting a room away from Tropicana because it was pretty loud for us.  They should be able to accommodate if there is vacancy.
5	This review is in rebuttal to all of the complaints from people who are either not owners or if they are owners, they have no idea what they own! It is a shame to give this property a bad review because you didn't get something you are not entitled to. #1...you Cannot request a specific unit or location in the resort! Period! Read your owner guidelines. It explains how the units are assigned. #2...you DO NOT get maid service every day! This IS NOT a hotel. # 3...you WILL get the sales pitch at every resort, it's part of the deal. Get used to it & say no if you don't like it! You do not have to pick up the welcome gift if you don't want it!  Please do yourselves & everyone else a favor & know what you are talking about before you speak!
1	Zero stars! Don't stay here. Worst vacation ever. We did not get any rest. They are doing construction and they start at the crack of dawn. And in Las Vegas that is pretty damn early.  I should have suspected something when in the check in line there were other people requesting room changes and EARLY checkouts because of the noise. Sure they give you a piece of paper stating there will be some noise but this sounds like a car ran into the building and constant pounding of a hammer and ripping of carpet. This noise lasts the whole day. Plus you get the smell of fresh paint. How can they let anyone stay in a building where they are doing construction. Not a vacation at all.
3	The room was clean,  couch and bed were very comfortable. It's a great spot to rest after a long night partying. Only bad thing is that it's kinda far from the strip, so you'll pay more for cab fare to and from the hotel. A nice thing is there's  a CVS near by so you can stock up on water, snacks etc.
5	We got a condo with 2 rooms and a kitchen for a 3-day weekend. It also had a closet bed in the living room (so it could fit about 6 people). I loved being able to make food instead of just buying meals the whole weekend. Overall it was a great place to stay - everything was very clean and of good quality.It's a couple of miles off of the strip but we had no problem taking their shuttle bus to Caesar's Palace and then roaming around the strip from there. Only problem was that the shuttle stopped running a little after 12, so we took taxis back to the hotel when we wanted to stay out later.I didn't end up using the wifi but I'm pretty sure it's free.
5	Amaze balls! I would totally recommend staying here.  Let's review:-super comfy beds-very close to the strip -shuttle that runs to the nearest casino (The Orleans) and to the strip (Caesar's) EVERY HOUR-beautiful rooms-you can BORROW BOARD GAMES FOR FREE (I know right?!)-BBQ pits and other stuffThe only thing I wish they had was free wifi. But a girl can dream... Like I said in my check in, I love this place!!
4	Rooms were clean. Clubhouse was nice.  Staff are friendly, not super helpful on Thursday evenings. Most likely due to excessive checkins.   Close to strip and affordable.  They do try and pitch a time share present, which is okay because they do offer you nice gifts to hear their pitch.
5	This place gets serious props from me!When my friend and I first checked in we laughed because the lady at the front desk was highlighting the 5 different saunas on the property and also where the outdoor BBQs were. We also laughed because our place came with a full kitchen with everything you would need, except food, a dishwasher, and a washer and dryer. We used everything. After the first night in town my friend overindulged at a margarita bar and got separated from me and lost her phone. Somehow, like a homing pigeon, she found her way back to the timeshare from whatever casino she was at and security at the WorldMark found her wandering around at 2 o'clock in the morning. I had reported to the front desk earlier that my friend was missing and they located my phone number and brought her to our time share! Now thats customer service!!! The murphy bed in the living room was really comfortable and didn't detract from the place at all. The bed in the master bedroom was so unbelievably comfortable!! I wanted to steal it and the pillows and take it all home with me! For some reason we couldn't get into the sauna closest to our place, but there were two at the main pool and we found ourselves enjoying that one. The BBQs were nice and clean and even though we burned our burgers, we still had a blast using it. Seriously though, any place that rescues drunk people without judgement is a good place with amazing staff!
1	I don't recommend this place. The front desk people were not very nice. My room was not ready and after finally having it ready at 530, after arriving at 1230, the room was dark, gloomy, smelly and overall very disappointing. I'll never stay here again. The walls are thin and you can hear it when people are walking above you. Don't buy into this timeshare!!!!
4	I'm so glad my parents are WorldMark owners! Always impressed.The facility was clean, the pool was awesome, and the rooms were nice. Can't beat having a full kitchen when you're on vacation! I attended a tour with my mom (where they go over your ownership and try to have you upgrade.. despite what they say, haha) one morning. We sat with Tim, who was new to the business but incredibly helpful. My mom learned things about her ownership that she NEVER knew she was able to do, despite sitting down with probably 5 different people since she's owned it. Super pleased with the service, definitely will be back!!!
3	Nice resort off the strip,we had a 3rd floor room so i didn't hear much from the neighbors.we did us the pool and barbecue and they were great practically had the whole pool to ourselves.the rooms are a little snug if your going in a large group we had a 2 room suite and i felt we were triping on each other all  weekend,the balcony was really crammed as well. I would stay here again if it was just me and the husband. I did like the close proximity to the grocery store,and the closest casino is the new Orleans.they do have a shuttle that goes to the strip,we didn't use it so i can't comment on that. Overall great clean resort!
1	This place right here, OMG. This is my second time here. My fiance have had so many problems just checking in. I wouldn't want to be a member of this one. Makes people not want to sign up with the service that's provide. My fiance had trouble checking, they call head office and gave them the run around,  after 5 10 minute of waiting they checked us in and said sorry. But showed nothing for the inconvenience. Paper work not being process like it should, they met with the very same people in July to get this same situation cleared. Still having a hard time checking into resorts when we go. So frustrating #timeshare
