4	When my husband and I were deciding on where to go for cocktails before our New Year's Eve party I remembered I had received a text from my girlfriend telling me about the Living Room opening in downtown Octoillo. We arrived at 7pm and luckily since this was the second opening night it was not "packed"! We were greeted with a warm welcome and given a choice of seating. The atmosphere inside appeared very comfortable with tall tables to stand around, two long bars, some small round tables and a few living room areas with leather seating. They had three different patio areas one with a fireplace which was already taken. We chose to sit on the patio which was very comfortable with plenty of heat (outside temp about 53). They also had a GREAT sound system playing light jazz! Our server immediately brought water and menus to the table. He also had a penlight so that we could read the menu..nice touch! The menu was simple and offered a variety of lite fare items: salads, soup, sandwiches, bruschetta and cheese platter. We started with wine, bruschetta and pannini. We thought our waiter forgot about us on the patio as our food came before the wine! But he assured us he didn't. For $7.95 you can select four different types of bruschetta which is fun to have a sample of each! I selected the tomato basil, hummus, peppered steak and chicken salad. Enjoyed all but the steak which was too chewy and heavily seasoned. Our waiter asked how everything was and I commented on the steak. He was so eager to please and suggested I try the goat cheese and yellow/red peppers. Much better! The ham pannini sandwich had plenty of thin sliced ham and was very tasty. I would forgo the chips next time and try a salad or soup instead. It was a great experience, loved the atmosphere and felt very welcomed. In fact when we left the owner came out to wave goodnight. If you want a place to relax, fine wine and flavorful nibbles, I highly recommend the Living Room. Thanks Living Room investors for bringing such a fine place close to home in Chandler...we will be back!
4	We checked out The Living Room on it's opening weekend and it was packed. Luckily we managed to score a table pretty quickly in this very cool wine bar/restaurant which looks great and had a good atmosphere going on.Our party ordered a couple bottles of well priced wines along with a bruschetta selection. I then went on to have a panini sandwich was was OK, nothing stunning but perfectly OK. If you have been to Postino in Arcadia you will recognize the menu immediately and thats a very good thing! Small plates with interesting ingredients is the order of the day here and I am personally thrilled that someone realized this concept would work down in the East Valley. Postino is my favorite restaurant in the Valley but sometimes you just don't want to schlep all the way up to Arcadia for a couple of glasses of wine and an appetizer. First impressions on a restaurant's opening weekend are always hard as you know they will improve as the weeks go by. There was a DJ on the night we were there that was intrusive to our conversation and added nothing to the evening (let's just hope that was a gimmick for the opening weekend). The wine selection was excellent but the food needed just a little tweaking. My sandwich was OK but could have been a lot better, not as crisp on the outside as you would normally like a  Panini. In the end I am very grateful to the owners of The Living Room for bringing this type of non-chain, wine-centric dining experience to Chandler where were are drowning in average restaurants. I will be back here for sure and will likely end up as a regular!
3	So I'm pretty much with the other reviewers about how great it is to have something like The Living Room in Chandler.  They have done a really great job on the decor, it's hip and comfortable and a place you would want to spend the evening at and really regret you said you would be the DD, because now you have to sit back and watch everyone else enjoying the varied, well-priced wine list.  Our group of four was there on the opening weekend (Saturday) and it was packed when we first arrived around 7ish.  The food was pretty good, the service was very good and overall a good night out.I completely agree though with the review by CH on the music front.  To begin with it had a really nice chilled out vibe with a little bit of Jason Mraz and similar styles playing at just the right audio level - you could here the music but could also hold a conversation - but then, whoa, hold on a minute, it's an over 50's disco with some of the clientele getting down to 80's tunes and singing along to Neil Diamond's "Sweet Caroline" (try and get the tune out of your head now!).  That's when we asked for the check and left.  Now I'm no youngster, let's just say I tick the 35-40 age box on a survey,  so I'm not looking for a Scottsdale nightclub, just looking for a relaxed, cool, funky space that is local.  I think there are plenty of places already offering something for the 'silver haired' crew in Chandler and hope The Living Room doesn't become one of them.  So my 3 stars would have been 4 stars but the music and mixed message vibe just didn't work for me.  Will give it one more shot for sure - I really want this place to be successful.
4	We (me and husband) are pretty happy with the location of this new wine bar, since it's within bike-riding distance from our house. The decor is nice, cool patio with couches, full bar and a nice little menu. We met some friends there last Friday night thinking it would be semi-quiet since it just opened, but it was pretty busy, not complaining, I'm happy places around here are busy. The only thing is it was packed with cougars, cougars acting like 20-year-olds, so not really our thing. But maybe it will calm down after it's open a little longer, crossing our fingers, we really wanted to like this place.
5	Nice reasonably priced wine selection, generous pours ( which we all love)! We ordered the bruchetta, it was amazing! When ordering you have the option of selecting the bruchetta - I recommend the fig!! Yummy! It's warm and cozy, I don't know what Molly is talking about the music complimented the atmosphere! Nice place in the neigborhood, the staff is amazing! Glad they are here it's my new favorite place!
3	The place looks pretty nice and is a casual hang out sort of place but they really don't cook any food there.  The kitchen must really be bare bones because the food is like a sandwich shop type set-up.  Really surprising given we love Humble pie up in Scottsdale where the owners hail from.  Hopefully they will get on that ASAP. Sauce is pretty good but a grown up kind of pizza joint would really kill there.
4	The Living Room is my kind of place!  The dark setting, candles, open space, the vibe, the crowd.....am I still in Chandler?  Where did these people come from?  A friend and I went on Friday at around 7pm and the place was packed.  There was some confusion at the door, since there's not a "hostess stand" indicating that you are to wait to be seated.  We were seated within 15 minutes.  Immediately, we noticed the music was just a tad too loud.  I loved the mix, but yes, a tad too loud.  We started with the bruschetta, which was delicious!  Plenty as a starter for two.  I had the mixed greens salad and it was just that....mixed greens.  Kind of boring but the greens were fresh and the dressing was light.  My friend had the chicken salad sandwich and butternut squash soup, and while she raved about the soup she was less than impressed with the sandwich.  All in all, I definitely want to come back and enjoy happy hour since this is close to home for me.  What a great new addition to Chandler!
4	I've gone here for Happy Hour twice with my coworkers on Thursday afternoons/early evenings. The setting is super-comfortable and is a great place to unwind with a glass of wine or beer (which is half price during happy hour! great deal). I highly recommend the apple and honey bruschetta. It was heavenly!They were playing Frank Sinatra and other "older" music at a low volume both times I was there. It was nice and relaxing.
2	02/04/10Happy hour w/ Violeta.  Loved the furniture (dark wood and slightly reminiscent of old Mission churches or Spanish villas that one may find back home- I'm from the Philippines), and the ambience.  I liked how the doors/paneling opened up to a patio- it was a little chilly that afternoon, but I imagine that w/ the perfect weather we have now, happy hour at TLR would FEEL nice.  What I did not like about the LR is that it was NOISY.  Now, I didn't mind so much that the music selections were eclectic (country to jazz to classic rock, and even Motown); After all, we were AT The Living Room, and, as in different households, one can find different music playing.  No, it was just too noisy.  I'd hate to imagine what conversing would be like if the doors opening up to the patio were closed...  What I also noticed was that while there were smatterings of all age groups (there were even children running around in the patio!), most of the people there were in their mid-40s to mid-50s.  I usually check out happy hours at restaurants for the food offered, and not to meet potential love interests, and this venue would definitely be somewhere I'd just go for the food MYSELF.  I can't even picture being able to do some work on my laptop here... maybe it'll be different in a few months?Service was a little bit lacking, but the place was packed!  A chair was even taken from our table (I didn't mind, but I think V. did, since she was keeping her fingers crossed that her hubby would join us).  As for the food, we were going to keep it light by ordering bruschetta.  (I knew that TLR was affiliated w/ Scottsdale's 5th & Wine, and I had tried and enjoyed the bruschetta there.)  The bread pieces here were sliced much thicker than those at 5th, and while they may have reminded me of Postino's bruschetta, the flavors, while good enough that I enjoyed the dish, made me wish I was at Postino's, or even at 5th & Wine.  Especially when it was so noisy we had to raise our voices to hear each other; Violeta wasn't enjoying the music; and children were running around not two feet away from me.I would like to give TLR another chance, and hopefully, my guests and I will find a younger crowd (no children present, please!) to enjoy the ambience, music, and food with.
4	We visited The Living Room after a bad experience at Kokopelli.  This was my first visit.  The energy, music, decor and customer service is above average.   The kitchen was closed so we will return and check out their menu very soon.  This would be a much better choice if you are looking for a wine bar in Chandler.
4	So, I literally just reviewed 5th and Wine, the Scottsdale place owned by the same proprietors that own this wine bar/bistro in Chandler, which makes me a feel a bit repetitive since the menus are pretty much identical, but I'll give you the Cliff Notes version of the food and drink review and then move on to what's unique about this place. Food:*Bruschetta toppings are really solid but bread is a bit soft*Vegetable salad is really fresh but could use better lettuce*Tuna panini was really good and quite large for the priceDrink *Bloody Mary Martini with jalapeno vodka and fresh mozzarella garnish is where it's at*The glass of Albarino ($5 during happy hour) was really crisp and goodWhat makes the Living Room different is that it's much more of a swanky/loungey feel, while the 5th and Wine spot feels a bit more cafe-like. Also, the outdoor area of the Living Room is super comfortable, with big couches to lounge on, a sweet fireplace, and a lovely breeze (if you're lucky enough to be there in March, like I was!). Our server was also decidedly less formal than the one at 5th and Wine but still very on top of it. I would definitely not drive back to South Chandler to go to this place, but I would certainly do so if I lived closer.
5	Happy hour til 6 every day. Cool vibe, great wine list, awesome bruchetta. Garage door walls open up to patio seating. I'm sure we'll be spending some time at the Living Room now that we've found it.
4	Hey, I think Chandler might be growing up and leaving its' farming roots behind. The Living Room is certainly Chandler's grown up side. I met up with friends for happy hour and I was not the only one looking for some grown up good times in Chandler. The lounge is open, nicely lit but lacks a little in the noise department, it gets loud with just a few people. The food and drink choices are well presented. The bruchetta choices are great and the wine selection is very nicely thought out - want a glass of sparkling, a pinto grigio, a choice in whites and reds, done! A great happy hour and will be added to my regular rotation.
4	Good appetizers and decent wine selection... nice atmosphere. Super fun for lunch...
4	Pigs & Pinot, a great night out at the Living Room wine bar.  This was Living Room's grand opening celebration and was a big event to say the least.  Wine vendors everywhere giving samples, live music and Every COUGAR in The Chandler/Ocotillo Arizona area Out On The Hunt!  We had a blast drinking and watching!!!  GRRRR!!!!!!!
4	I was at Fresh and Easy next door and saw this place and had to try it since I love wine bars. My friend and I went last Friday for happy hour at 5pm and it was already packed (mainly an older crowd). I had two glasses of red wine and both were wonderful. $5 a glass isn't bad either! I didn't really care for the bruschetta because the bread was too soft. The salmon one was tasteless, and the hummus and prosciutto ones were decent. We also tried the spinach/artichoke dip and I didn't like the bread that came with it. I guess I'm just too picky about bread. I liked this place a lot better than the nearby wine bar Dvine.
5	This is one of the hottest wine bars in Chandler! Great food, great service and a lot of fun. They have a terrific menu but don't come for dinner as they don't serve, it's perfect following dinner or before. Awesome apps!
3	My girlfriends and I went to the Living Room on a Friday evening.  It was very crowded which is fantastic to see in this economy.  The first thing I noticed is that it was very loud.  We had to yell to have a conversation.  I guess I was expecting more of leisurely "Wine Bar" experience.  I thoroughly love D'vine which is not far from the LR.  I can take my husband there and my daughter who is 13.  Have appetizers and a glass of wine (not my 13 year old, but feel comfortable taking her ;-))  LR is definitely NOT a place for kids.  Much more of a "bar-scene" atmosphere.  On a positive note, the food and wine was reasonably priced as well as delicious.  Just not the place to go for a good conversation without leaving hoarse.
3	I went to this place with a group of friends and we had a great time.  It was a week night and so we did not experience the loud music or crowdedness that some of the other reviewers complained about.  I will say that the service was still pretty slow.  We were practically the only ones there but had so send out a scout for our waitress.  They have a great list of wines by the glass but our group tried two of their specialty martini's and we all agreed they were both awful.  I really like the bruscetta and other apps but I could never get my husband to come here without heartier food.
4	Solid 4 stars for The Living Room. Places like this are hard to find in South Chandler. Very welcome change from the monotony of chain establishments in the area. Don't come here expecting authentic Bruschetta. The bread is much thicker cut, and does not have the flavor of a toasted french bread. If you can put that aside, the toppings are excellent. I had the proscuitto and brie pressed sandwich, an interesting synthesis of French and Italian staples. Overall the ambiance of The Living Room is what adds to the charm. Even on an early summer evening, sitting out on the patio is a great way to relax and catch up with your co-diners.
4	This is a great place to go for a glass of wine and appetizers with your girlfriends. My girlfriends and I went there to celebrate one of our birthdays. We sat on the patio by the fireplace. Our waitress was awesome she let us try as many samples of wines that wanted to. The wines are very good and pretty inexpensive. As for the appetizers they were just ok. The bruschetta is good, but the spinach artichoke dip was tasteless. This place stands out for its ambiance, great tasting wine and good service!
4	Really Liked this place but don't expect to have a quiet intimate conversation.... place gets packed after work hours.  Good wine list and great menu for a wine bar!
5	WoW! What an environment, this place is a Chandler icon. Outside felt California-ish - wind blowing , curtains reminded me of LL Bean catalog as well as the awning. Inside mellow, hip, music slightly loud for a one-on-one date but enjoyable. High quality clientele turnout. We were there at 9:30 pm and moderately filled on a wed, but my wife was there earlier w friends (7 pm) and it was packed. Water served in cool glass jars. We ordered a Root Beer Martini $8 - yummy and STRONG! Great hummus & bread (had the spicy pepper), Dessert a pazookie (they don't call it that for obvious reasons) didn't knock my socks off , but pretty darn goodVenue seems ideal for groups of 3-6 or so but can accommodate what looks like 10-12 is a good max sizeI look forward to promoting your venue to my friends
4	Open air comfortable seating, like being in a living room in the Mediterranean. Food was great, and simple.  Fresh full flavor and the wines were fantastic.
4	Nice place. They have a lot of several of my favorite things: Wine from California, Vodka, cheese, and couches. Was a nice place to come and spend time with friends on a scorching hot day. They have every flavor of midlabel (Pinnacle, I believe) Vodka you can think of and serve up spritzers in pint glasses for 7 dollars. That's not a happy hour price, but many wines, beers and well drinks are included in the daily hour until 6pm special. Would have loved to stay longer, but had to venture out into the heat sometime. Servers were attentive and friendly. Would definitely go back!
3	While we were there we had the antipasto board and spinach dip.  Though somewhat overpriced they were good decisions. I'm no wine connoisseur, but they have a sufficient list of quality wines. The ambiance is so-so. Acoustics are somewhat poor with music in the background and no relief coming from the open ceiling. The happy hour specials are pretty good, especially on beer, and they had promotional drinks that were complementary. I would put this in a 3.5 star category if that were an option.
4	Great for lunch, great for happy hour.  Probably even better when its not 114 degrees outside, since they have roll-up walls that will really open up the area when the mercury is more accommodating.Loved the half-sandwich/salad lunch combo.  Their strawberry spinach salad is worth coming back for, and the paninis are manly enough for my lunch bunch, since they're packing baby swiss, roasted red pepper, and bacon horseradish spread.Their happy hour specials are great, with $5 sangria's and $2.50 drafts.  That's right Spanky, come get your PBR on!
4	Great Happy Hour Daily Noon-6PM.Went there on a Thursday night & it was pretty lively. Dark, cozy, comfortable...a great place to grab a beer, kick back, and play one of the many board games they have handy. Food is
1	Checked the living room outafter we met a couple ladies who said they loved this place. What on earth were they thinking???NOISY! Staff didn't smile, Appetizers were at best mediocre (steak Bruchetta was tough as shoe leather and tasted like the steer had been roaming the range for a couple hundred years). Chicken Bruchetta was a total waste of time. Even though we were extremely hungry, we left half our appetizers untouched.With so many EXCEPTIONAL choices like Brio, The Keg, Cork, Down Under and others, we don't understand why the place is so crowded...the only thing we suspected is that it might be a pick-up joint... lots of older guys and young to mid-age women. Definitely NOT a couples place.
4	Nice draft choice at good priceFun atmospherePricey OK food
1	My husband and I ate at The Living Room for the first time this evening. As a vegetarian, I was happy to see a Veggie Salad in the menu. I ordered the Veggie Salad but unfortunately, jicama was accidently replaced with small turkey slices and a chuck of chicken. I did not realize it until a few bites into the salad... I explained the situation to our waitress, who seemed sincerely concerned, apologized and had my order removed from the tab - which I appreciated. Based on this experience, and overall concern with their food preparation, we are not dining at The Living Room anytime soon.
3	Great wine selection, AWESOME food (especially the bruschetta) and a really cool vibe. Unfortunately, the music was insanely loud!  I can understand maybe cranking it up later in the night, but we were there at happy hour and you could barely talk because they had the music up so loud.
2	What a let down! I went here Friday night for some after dinner drinks but the place so loud and hectic. I couldn't tell who was working there, no one greeted at us the door and the bar was to packed to even get the bartenders attention. The food was okay, I definitely wouldn't go there to eat dinner. This place obviously tried to copy Postinos but they have failed miserably.
5	I love the Living Room!!  An unexpected and welcomed surprise in Chandler.  The atmosphere and vibe is perfect.  Happy hour prices from 11:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m. are some of the best out there.  If you go, you must try the Red Sangria..........  Once a month they have a girls night out for signature drinks and bruschetta - make a reservation!  Where else can you get 3 drinks and apps for $20?My only complaint is that the music can be a little on the loud side.  I have asked them to turn it down a smidge and they happily did so.
2	The Living Room has a good feel to it and my wife and I were happy to go after dinner to have a few drinks and relax and talk. The first time we sat outside which was great and the second time we were inside and the music was WAY TOO LOUD!!!! We went out to get away from our kids and noise!! If I wanted to go to a club with a bunch of 22 year old beat boxers, I would have driven to downtown Phoenix. It appears that the clientele is mainly in their 30's and 40's and I promise you they aren't looking to scream and shout over a few glasses of wine with their friends. To the owners, send your laptop DJ packing and get a stream of mixed music that is not too loud. No one is coming to your place to with the intention of staring at the people they came with while listening to thunderstruck and drinking a $70 bottle of Cab. Sorry, just the truth!!
2	Just another poorly run Chandler restaurant.  How come service is not important here?  Can't tell who your waitress is, manager walks around but doesn't accomplish anything.  Have to fight for a seat, even though your name is on a list, they let people walk in a just grab a seat from under you while waiting.
4	cute little spot. stopped here for HH and an impromptu bday celebration. they have $5 martinis, wine, sangria from 4-6pm. they have a nice selection of food. really simple stuff, sandwiches, salads, etc. the bruscetta appetizer was really good. i ordered the proscuitto and brie sandwich but i think i got roast beef instead...a little disappointing. our waitress prob just entered the order wrong but i'll give her a pass because she was very attentive and it seemed like she was new on the job. the pomegranate martini, it was good and strong, def worth $5. =)
3	Drinks are expensive unless you go during happy hour and then it's super busy.  Good selection of happy hour drinks though.  I was unimpressed by the food because it's items like their store bought hummus and sliced meats and cheeses which make me think that I'm paying a high price to have someone simply put food items on a plate and carry it out to me.  The dishes I tried needed minimal preparation.
4	This is such a great place, in the perfect location.  It might not be for everybody as it tends to attract people that are into fine wines, and like to dress up even on the most casual occassions.  If you've ever been to Postino's in Arcadia, than you know what type of place this is, which in my opinion is almost exactly the same.The Living Room is just that, a knock-off of Postino's, but in a good way.  Compared to Postino's it has much more seating, way more food selections, and just a little cheaper.  Where The Living Room lacks is definitely in food quality.In all, if you're looking for a place with great atmosphere and good finger type foods then this is the place for you.  Always order the Bruschetta! :)
4	We visited The Living Room with some friends for the first time this past weekend.  We were greeted promply, and were lucky enough to get a table in the extremely busy restaurant almost immediately.  Service was great! The atmosphere was dimly lit and energetic, yet still cozy.  One of the first things that we noticed was the volume of the music (even from the parking lot).  Music selection was good, but definitely could have been turned down!  I feel that I need to note that I have worked in the industry for many years and I am not, by any means, one of those sensitive old people.  Just had a hard time hearing the people right next to me.  Positive note.....didn't hear anyone else in the restaurant either.Food was very good.  Unfortunately we ordered two dishes that were very similar.  Ingredients were very fresh and the presentation was very pleasing.  Prices were in line for the quality.  Will definitely be back for another visit.  Would like to check them out on an off night.
5	After experiencing The Living Room downtown Phoenix, I decided to try the one in Chandler. If I gave the one in Phoenix 5 stars, this one deserves 6!The food is the same - excellent, although the menu has a few substitutions to the Phoenix one.The ambiance is amazing! The curtains remind you of the Taj Mahal, the music is perfect, the crowd - higher quality than other places.I hope to go back often.
4	When my wife and I found ourselves in downtown Chandler around lunchtime last weekend, we had to give this place a try.  My 90 year-old grandmother recommended it to us so we weren't sure what to expect.It was a Sunday and the entire downtown area was pretty dead including this place.  This was good because I hate busy places.  The entire place has a great vibe to it which I loved.  It really does remind me of a super chill "living room".  The weather was perfect so they had all their garage-door walls opened.  We chose some comfy chairs and started with a white and a red sangria.  They were both good but you could tell they weren't homemade.  We then split some bruschetta which was excellent.  My only complaint is that the bread wasn't toasted (or not toasted enough) and was cut into 3 slices.  I don't understand why places can't cut their bruschetta into 4 pieces because 3 makes it difficult to properly share.  We then split the veggie salad and a chicken salad sandwich and they too were excellent and very tasty.All of their salads, sandwiches and bruschettas all look excellent and I'd like to try every one.  Our waitress was extremely nice and I would return to the place anytime if it were 30 mins closer to my house.The only other bummer was that this place is on Local Dines ( http://bit.ly/dfR4eQ ) and I could have gotten a certificate for a couple bucks if I had known in advance I was going.
4	Don't ask my why, but I was pleasantly surprised and not expecting to find a place like the Living Room hidden on Queen Creek Road. But, I'm happy to see that it exists! When I arrived, the exterior looked like a winery and should have been surrounded by grapevines instead of parked cars. I walked through the entry of large wooden doors and to the left drinkers lounged in an open bar area while restaurateurs ate in the surrounding tables. The atmosphere was cozy and true to a wino's environment with dark wood and wine everywhere. The restaurant was surrounded by a patio equipped with my favorite: fire places! Since it was a cold night, a fire place was a perfect touch. At first it seemed like we were under dressed for the atmosphere, but after looking around in more depth, I noticed that people were dressed in everything from Scottsdale bar goer clothes to jeans and t-shirts. So I came to the conclusion that like more places in AZ, any attire goes as long as your clothed. The food was decent for the type of food they offer. We shared the bruschetta trio to start which was similar to other wine bars I've visited. I went the salad route which was like a Mary Poppins salad because it didn't seem to ever disappear! The sandwiches also looked tasty but if you're hungry with an appetite, I suggest getting an appetizer with your entree. Men, do go here expecting a hearty meal. I would suggest ordering two appetizers and your entree if you're really hungry. So in summary, this really did feel exactly like a living room and now I want to check out their newest location on 7th!
4	Happy hour with my girls, drinking $5 a glass wine and eating their red pepper hummus...delish.  This place is quite far, but I was extremely impressed with the site.  Very elegant yet not snobby (like Scottsdale).  Food was very, very tasty.
1	A large group of us made a dinner reservation a month prior, and was told upon being stuck in the corner with two crates for tables that they only take "requests."  The owner came over only to blatantly refuse to take responsibility for the misrepresentation on his restaurant's part and rudely interrupt our attempt to resolve the issue with, "I own other restaurants."  I have never seen such a mistreatment--not even in the snobby town of Scottsdale (no offense, people of Scottsdale).  It was unfortunate, because the waitress (whose section we were sitting while making plans to move our night) was sweet.
2	Tried this place a few times, ok wine list-pricey. NOISY!! You cannot carry a normal conversation, asked the owner to turn music down but he just ignores you, probably because he is usually have lit.  Food st ok but expensive for what it is.  If you go, Sunday seems to be the only day they won't try to blow your ear drums out.  Nope I am not an old guy, I just like to talk to folks in a normal tone vs. screaming
4	Very hip decor and atmosphere. Excellent appetizers and a fabulous wine selection. For wine this is the place in the East Valley. Now if we can just get them to put in that smoking area.
5	I thought the ambiance and food were great. Reasonable prices, too. My fiance and I tried The Living Room for the first time on Valentine's Day and we had a great experience. We ate the brushcetta, roast beef and brie panini, and a cheese platter. Everything was delicious as was the wine. Great live music too!
4	I think this place is a lot of fun.  It's in a nice complex that's not your standard strip mall.I've been 2x and both times were fun for dates.  They had live music...and a good wine & beer selection (not just bud light).I have not had too much food so will not comment.The atmosphere is cool -  sofa and chairs, a bar...or standard tables.  but, it's a funky cool place.............and we just don't get that too much in Chandler.
5	Love this place. Good food and great service plus a really nice happy hour. I mean this in the best way possible, it's like an East Valley Postino's. I love not having to fight freeway traffic to enjoy some $5 wine and bruschetta during the day :)
5	This place is where its at! For drinks, snacks, and a cozy atmosphere. We were there on a Monday, which happened to be ladies night. I didn't partake, but gals can get a manicure and cocktail for just $14. I'll definitely be trying that sometime in the future. There are drink specials on skinny cocktails, beer and wine all night for the girls. The best part was the live music. Cameron Degurski was awesome. He performed acoustic versions of everything from The Beatles to C-Lo Green, it was a perfect addition to the cozy setting. I hope he is a regular there.Overall, this place has the best atmosphere. Comfy couches and dark wood, with an indoor-outdoor feel. This is the perfect place for drinks and snacks and relaxing, though I wouldn't go here for dinner. The food is great, but more small plates and sandwiches than actual meals, which is fitting for the lounge-type setup. Try the cheese fondue! We completely skipped the nice little fondue forks and just dunked the assorted breads and veggies straight into the cheese. It was too good for proper etiquette.This place is the best of its breed here in Chandler.
1	Pros: Nice little out side seating area if the weather is right.Cons: Complete lack of manners  Other: Food and wine are ok. I went here with a friend of mine on a Friday around 5:30pm. Initially everything was fine. The food was ok, the wine was good, and the server was good. It gets a bit crowded on a Friday after work so it's a little loud and can be hard to find seating. In the middle of our meal the manager or the owner (tall, thin, silver haired gentleman in his 50s?) comes over to our table and grabs the chair my (large very noticeable) purse was placed in, leaving me with no choice but to quickly snatch my purse before he takes it with him to another table. I looked at my friend in shock like "What?" as a group of guys at  the next table over look at me with shock on their faces. Clearly we were all thinking the same thing "What the hell? Did he really just do that?". I left there with little enthusiasm about the place. The second time I went back was again on a week day, around the same time. The place wasn't busy just yet and I was quickly seated at a table. I sipped on a glass of wine, waiting a couple minutes for my friend. The place started to fill in a bit and I was then informed that I would be moving to a different table so they could accomodate a larger party. Rather than move, I decided to leave.What is it with this place and their lack of manners? What ever happened to ASKING someone if they would mind if you took the chair or if they would mind moving to a different table? I would have absolutely said yes to both of these request and not be posting a 1 star review.I don't believe in rewarding bad behavior so I won't be revisting nor will I be recommending this place.
4	Overall, I enjoyed my first visit to The Living Room with my sisters-in-law. Atmosphere: 4 Stars. I really liked this place. The place is very neat... garage doors that let the cool night air in and the little details of the place are cool. The only thing that would have made it better is if they had some soft lighting after dark. It was so dark inside around 8pm that I couldn't read the drink menu. Service: 1 Star. I think this place might hire people more for their looks than their actual skills at service. Our waitress was scarce until it came time to pay the bill. Drinks: 4 Stars. Pricey, but very good. I had the Red Sangria (blah! nothing special) and a peach martini. The martini was delicious and very strong which is a good thing when I'm paying $8 for it. I think next time I'll probably only have drinks here at Happy Hour. $8 for a small Sangria is a bit expensive for me. Food: 4 Stars. We started with two Bruschetta (steak and Gorgonzola; apple and fig). Very delicious! Next time, I'll probably stick to Bruschetta because they were so good. For dinner, I got 1/2 of a Prosciutto and Brie sandwich and a cup of Butternut Squash soup. The sandwich had one slice of fatty Prosciutto and a thin layer of Brie. Disappointing. The soup was EXCELLENT! If you like Butternut Squash soup, I'd recommend trying it here. I'll be going back again... probably during Happy Hour next time!
1	Went there for our first time. Service was poor, wine list not that great and general cleanliness of the place was poor. The servers were eating food behind the bar  and then touching the glasses. Later in the evening I saw a cockroach crawling across the floor. I pointed it out to a friend and it grossed her out so much we left... Won't be back..there's so many other places that are way cleaner and have better service!!
5	I have been to The Living Room twice. I took my family that was visiting from out of town. I absolutely love this place! The bruschetta is amazing...I've tried them all! The drinks are delicious truly hit the spot! The service is outstanding and they are very friendly. I have gone around 11:30am on the weekend, which is a perfect time. I could stay all day on the patio just relaxing and having cocktails!  I highly recommend The Living Room for an early afternoon cocktail/appetizers.
2	Expect more for a $10 sandwich. This is next a series of all mediocre reviews. Friendly servers but it needs some creativity in the kitchen and please show the chef where the spice rack is
3	I've been here many times and the only thing that brings me back is the food.  Bruschetta is always outstanding, as is the antipasto board. My wife and I also love to split the chopped salad and a bowl of the turkey and steak chili. Only item we have been disappointed in is the cheese fondue. It is noisy, but is designed to be that way. If you avoid weekend nights it isn't as much of an issue. What sours me is the staff and management have a way to cool for school attitude. They seem to think that this is their hangout and we should feel honored to be a part of it.
1	Food is good but had a gift card and apparently they are location specific gift cards very stupid u offer gift cards they should be good at all your locations even if they are independently owned and operated
5	Love this place!Went during lunch with my colleagues so could not try off their wine/liquor list but the food and decor did not fail us.We sat outside and enjoyed a nice spring day in Arizona. Pre-summer so able to enjoy lunch without the heat.I ordered their mix greens salad with chicken; the greens were fresh and the chicken was seared to perfection. My company both ordered sandwich combos (chicken salad and tuna melt) and both said it was really good.I will definitely be returning and hopefully check out their happy hour that is 11 am - 6 pm daily - can't beat that!
5	OH MY GOD!!! This place was perfect!!! I went  there for dinner last night with my LitSisters, Terri W, Robin K, Christine B, and Crystal C. We sat outside in a little living area (oh, I get it) which felt quite intimate despite being part of a restaurant. The service (from Becky) was terrific, even though at one drink each and some food, we didn't run up a huge bill. First off, since it was ladies night, they had a healthy list of delicious wines for $5. The ones I tasted were delicious. For dinner I had four pieces of bruschetta - prosciutto, fig, mascarpone and pepper jam; steak, gorgonzola and creamy horseradish; Apples, brie, fig jam, honey and agave nectar; and roasted peppers, goat cheese,  garlic and tomato jam. I've listed them in order of deliciousness for your convenience.They had live music on a Monday night which was done well - not lounge lizardy but not overpowering. The place was packed and everyone seemed to be enjoying themselves. Oh, and did I mention that they gave all the women flowers.I can't wait t go back!
4	We had high hopes and weren't disappointed.  Happy Hour is the way to go (very reasonable).  Does not help on the food bill but big difference on drink prices.  We went with a Brushetta board and a flatbread chicken pesto pizza.  Bruschetta was good but a little soggy in the middle (it's just not Postino's).  The pizza was actually the surprise hit.  Very thin, crisp and excellent flavor.Atmosphere is laid-back and not too packed.  Our server was outstanding (can't remember her name for sure- Becky?).  They also had a local playing some acoustic tunes and he was very good.  I am likely partial as he leaned toward lots of 90's alternative music (when people still wrote some decent tunes).We will definitely return.  Great spot out in the East Valley.
4	Apps were good.  Great space to hang,  relax, and chat. If it gets busy it gets loud and not "intimate" since it is basically one large room. This is really more of an older crowd (40s-50s-60s) pickup joint / bar than anything else. A good place to hang for an early nibble and a drink but not a place I'd go to have a serious meal or to hang out too long since I'm not cougar hunting. ;)
4	Great place for happy hour and drinks.  Really can't beat pints at $2.50, good long happy hour 7 days a week.  The sandwiches are all good, the salads make great sides instead of the chips and the tiny cherry sized tomatoes are to die for whether you get it on the bruchetta or cheese board plate.  Thursday late happy hour gets pretty busy and so does friday late afternoon into late evening.  Saturday night it picks up after happy hour ends.  Wish they had burgers and fries like the Living Room in downtown Phoenix.
4	Been here twice and really enjoyed it.  I typically like more mellow places that are a little bit more quiet or low key but this is a nice change.  Mix of young and old, reasonably good list of wines by the glass, the food is pretty good as well.  had a french dip this last time that was great.  The flat bread pizzas a good too.  Nice atmosphere, busy on weekends, and around 9 or 10 it transitions to being a little louder with a lounge/club feel.  Cool place for the east valley.
2	As much as I wanted to like this place, I just can't I've it 3 stars. Honestly I HAD to compare it to Postino's since 1. In my eyes they have the BEST bruachetta and atmosphere and 2. I heard the living room copied their style, and unfortunately it's a bad copy. They did get the atmosphere/ambience right. However the bruchetta not so much.We tried the steak, tomato and apple fig. The apple fig was delisous, but u can't really go wrong with that receipe. Been there done that. The tomato was a disappointment. Seems like they tried to do their own unique take on the original and for me it just didn't work. The steak was ok, unique yes. But I could live without it.
3	I really like the Mozzarella, pesto, tomato appetizer the drinks are a bit sweet for my taste and over priced. It's a nice quiet place to hang if you are in the area.
4	I met my girlfriend at the Living Room the other night and we had a blast. The food was really good and the drinks were AMAZING. The staff was pushing wine but I wasn't in the mood for that so I tried one of their "skinny" cocktails. I was a blueberry martini and it was soooooo delicious. It was the perfect place to relax after work. The decor was very nice, similar to that of a large living room:) Leather couches, long drapery, dark wood furniture, etc.They also have live music. Usually I'm into it but not that evening. His amp was up way too loud for an acoustic performance and we had problems having a conversation, but other than that it was a pleasant experience.
4	Checked this place out for the first time a few weeks back on and I love it! My bf is a regular and suggested we go on a Sunday because of the live music and happy hour specials. Loved the look, loved the laidback feel, the live music was beautiful and chill and I loved the covers she played! Had some a slab of bruschetta, which you can never go wrong on with a cold drink! Got the following:* Roasted Peppers, Goat Cheese, Garlic, Tomato Jam* Apples, Brie, Fig Jam, Honey and Agave Nectar* Prosciutto, Figs, Mascarpone Cheese, Pepper JamYum and yum. Another place I can't wait to go back to, especially when the whether cools down and I can hang out on the patio!
3	Checked this place out for the first time.  With the exception of it being very hot inside (had all the doors open no A/C) it was a really for a social area.  We didn't have food, only drinks so I can't comment on the food.
4	Note: this is a review based on food, I don't drink wine!I've been here twice and thought the food was great both times! The bruschetta is a must and enjoyed the first four listed on the menu. I cant recall what they are but I'm always happy with them. The place is a bit noisy and pricey. To avoid the noise, I suggest sitting outside because it is well shades, and you can actually talk to and hear what your friends have to say. Also the inside is a bit crowded for me. My finance and I kinda stick out like a sore thumb as this place because it predominately caters to older middle-aged Caucasians, and we are quite the opposite demographic, but I wont hold this detail against them. The reason I remove a star is because the cost is a bit hefty. If you come here for wine during happy hour, its a great deal, but not so much for the food, hence my initial warning that this post will only be about the food.
2	My hopes for this place were high, and I was sadly let down.1 star- Location:  It was within a decent drive to the house for what I hoped it would have promised. 1 star- Decor/Atmostphere/music: It was very eclectic and i liked it. Lighting was right, visually appealing, music was playing (decent tunage) and not too loud.My intentions were to try a few things on the menu, and to try a few different wines. I had relatives in from out of town, and thought it might be nice to take them out to a new place that was different than their normal restaurant experience. Ever since moving to Phoenix, I've seen a trend in unique dining experiences, and wanted to share.I suppose I might be a little partial, seeing as how my go-to place for a similar atmostphere/menu choice (when i lived in Scottsdale) was Postinos. But since the drive is now much further, I was hoping it was at least comparable.Nevertheless, the wine that was recommended wasn't even what we were looking for. The waitress openly admitted to being a beer drinker, but liked wine (after she saw our face from our first sip), and failed to deliver with her choices. While i respect the honesty of your lack of knowledge, don't recommend a wine to me please. Just say you're unfamiliar with the selection, but would happy to find someone who is--and sincerely ASK!From there we ordered the bruschetta, as i was excited to share in this also. My family is Italian, and the type of bruschetta we're used to is nothing like what is offered here, so they were in for a treat.....or so i had hoped.When our food arrived, it was visually appealing, but as soon as I picked it up i was disappointed--without having even tasted it. The bread was limp, and lacking a crust/crunch of any sort, and the slices were thin. Sandwich bread anyone?In turn, they had piled the toppings on. Yes, on bread that was incapable of holding the toppings. The flavors were bland, and it was a messy/soggy situation. At that point we chose to ask for our check and go elsewhere. We blamed it on the limited menu that didn't fit all of the guest appetite....but there were obviously other issues. I truly wish things had been different, but I will not be going back.Oh, and PS. This was very much an older crowd when i was there. Since i've only been there once, i can't vouch for what the average age group is, but if you're in your 20's....I would advise finding something a little less "We're trying WAY too hard to be hip and cool". That is all.
4	I read some of the reviews for this place, and since I was in town, I thought I would check it out. The hot ticket for Happy Hour is the $5 glass of wine ... which I didn't have, but 99% of everyone else in the place did. I settled in with a Maker's Mark on the rocks (VERY liberal portions, FYI ... their single is like a double in California), and an order of two types of bruschetta (Tomato, Mozzarella, Basil, Balsamic Reduction and the  Steak, Gorgonzola, Creamy Horseradish) both of which were amazing. The place has a laid back lounge feel and is very casual. The staff was friendly and attentive, not overbearing in the least. I will be going back again for sure!  Bottom line? I walked out of there after 3 hours (they had some great live music for a Tuesday night), 3 drinks and the food for around $35. Well worth every penny IMHO. Go, try and enjoy! You'll thank me later.
3	This place is adorable with great music. I like their specialty drink The Size 0. A wonderful fresh, cucumber drink with vodka or gin. Food...ehhh, in my opinion...don't come here for the food. Do it more for the drinks. I ordered a cheese plate once and there was like NOTHING on it. It's very overpriced here for the small portions you get. Bruschetta...ehhh, not really for me, unless your STARVING and need anything to eat. The steak/cheese bruschetta was good, but you get like 3 bites worth it seems! So yes on good ambiance, yes on drinks and no on food. :)
4	busy busy busy restaurant!It's definitely a cute spot for happy hour. Not sure if I would come here for anything other than conversation. Came here during happy hour and resorted to sitting outside because 1. it's extremely dark inside 2. it's extremely loud inside. The servers and manager were all really nice and made conversation with us which was both nice and at times..a bit unnecessary haha we ordered bruschetta (like 4 orders), sliders (delicious), hummus (delicious) annnnd a bottle of wine. dont worry, there were like 15 of us. Everything was really delicious and pretty to look at. Although i was supposed to be watching what i eat, the massive intake of carbs was definitely worth it. parking is available everywhere in the lovely plaza
4	Went here with friends for a Saturday lunch. I had a chicken salad sandwich, my friends had pulled pork sliders, chicken flatbread pizza with a cup of butternut squash soup, and half roast beef sandwich with a cup of the turkey and steak chili.  We split a choice of 4 bruschetta and a chocolate chip cookie pizza. Drinks were sodas, ice tea, and a skinny bitch.  Overall, the food ranged from tasty to surprisingly good, and we all offered up tastes of our meals. The butternut squash soup was the standout, along with the steak & gorgonzola bruschetta. If you go, make sure to try those two items. The skinny bitch was more vodka than peach in flavor, but sipped slowly over the course of two hours was nice.  The ambiance is relaxed and inviting... living up to its name! Sit inside on the couches near the bar and there are fun games to play. We amused ourselves with some of the questions from their Would You Rather? game.  All in all, a delightful experience which I would happily try again.
4	The food was good. The service was good. It was a relaxed atmosphere and overall a good experience. I wouldn't recommend this for large groups. We were a large party spread out over the restaurant. The sliders were awesome and I highly recommend them...
5	The Living Room has good energy.  The music and the open air feel are only enhanced by the specialty drinks.  This is one of my favorite lounge spots in the SE Valley.
4	My husband and I really enjoy the early afternoon atmosphere at The Living Room.  More on the quiet side. We usually get a glass of wine and the bruschetta.  Bruschetta is good but they will need to improve on it somewhat when Postino's opens in Gilbert very soon. All of the servers have been extremely  friendly each time we have gone.  We have not been to TLR during their busiest times.  Sounds like we wouldn't want to with what I am hearing about noise levels. :-)
4	I love this place!My friends & I decided to check it out on a Saturday night, during Halloween weekend.  We didn't dress up because you wouldn't think of dressing down at a wine lounge...but we didn't get too dressy, just what you'd wear to a club/bar in Scottsdale.To our surprise, there was a costume contest going on that night!  Oh mann were there some good ones...like a guy dressed as a Baywatch beauty, an old couple, Wonder Woman, etc.The atmosphere was wonderful.  We sat on the patio and enjoyed the music and breezy weather.  The wine selection was great.  We tried a few reds on the "wines by glass" menu -- Pinot Noir Lucky Star, Sangiovese, and Tempranillo.  I personally liked the Sangiovese the best.  Tempranillo was very light and easy to drink.  The Pinot Noir was decent.  According to our waiter, Pinot Noir Lucky Star is one of the more popular ones.I'll definitely come back to this place.  Need to check out their happy hour and perhaps some wine & cheese!  Also, the Sushi Room just opened next door!  I can't wait to try that place too!
4	Great bruschetta, and the atmosphere is quite nice.  I would like to try lunch here, as the dinner crowd was a little loud for my taste (must be getting old).
4	Cute and all about the experience but a little over priced. Great for a first date night or a couples date to catch up on what's been goin' on lately. The bruchetta was really yummy, the fondue was a waste of money and the wine was of course awesome. Sitting on the couches and enjoying the live music was another plus and there were board games to play if you wanted to stay a while and hang out .... and spend a ton of money... but definitely was about the experience. Kind of a swanky feel.
3	After wanting to go forever, I finally tried The Living Room for the first time tonight during happy hour.  I was surprised at how many mixed drinks they offered at $5, but I was disappointed that not all wines by the glass are included.  We had the fondue and bruschetta and it was AMAZING!! The one with the apples and brie was so unique and delicious, definitely our favorite of the four we tried.Unfortunately, the service was a whole different story.  We weren't greeted for what seemed like forever and when we were it was brief and unwelcoming.  We had to ask for water three times before it was actually brought to us and our server only checked on us once the entire meal, we weren't even able to order another drink!Since it was my first time, I'm hoping this was a fluke and not a regular thing.  I will definitely be back with more friends to try more of the menu since our dinner was so yummy!
4	Went to the Living Room over the weekend with some girlfriends.  Having never been there before I didn't know what to expect.  The place is super adorable, great decor.  The bar set-up is very weird though.  It's like, half bar then turns into half table.  I had to wait for my friends to show up and we were on the list, and I had a hard time finding a decent place to just stand.  The place was packed, and it was 8pm on a Saturday night, with a torrential downpour going on outside.  I thought it would be quiet wtih the craptastic weather, but it definitely was busy. It's loud.  Not only from people talking/yelling but the music.  I was screaming at my friends at our table.  For being a wine bar, I thought the wine menu was on the small side.  A good selection, but I thought I'd see more. The crowd is definitely distinct.  You have to really like it to tolerate the place.  For me, I really liked it.  It's livly, lots of young 30-somethings (although we ran into our old, formerly hot, teachers from high school which was weird), lots of good looking people, yet it didn't feel pretentious to me at all.  I just moved here from a big city and I felt like I was back home.  Which is a good thing.Food was average.  I'd try something else next time I go back.  This time I had the chicken pesto sandwich with a side salad.  The sandwich was very good but the dressing that came with my salad was SUPER SALTY!! Gross!  I just passed on it and ate the rest. I also like the fact that they do board games here.  And the patio is probably amazing when the weather cooperates.
4	Went here again last weekend.  It was a spur of the moment choice!  The service was terrible this time around.  But the dessert wine was awesome.  Definitely try the 2006 Late Harvest Semillon, $8 for a small half-filled glass (which is expected of pricey Late Harvest wines).  My personal favorite wine is the 2006 John Anthony Late Harvest Sauvignon Blanc, which they didn't have (can't seem to find it in AZ anywhere), but the '06 LH Semillon tastes very similar.
3	Well this was a strange first time... the place itself is ok. the litle tiny pizza (haha) was good. could have used more cheese even if it's suppose to be danty... My mix drink was horrible, the waiter was cute and nice. The crowd was... yuppy & snobby to the fullest I thought, but a very wide range in age.  good for a place to meet a group of friends not really a place for a couple or just two of you. The customers also broke out into a huge fight! which I felt really bad for the place, all the glass in the book shelf broke when the shelf FELL! The funny part was it was the yuppest place I have been since moving here and the only place a fight broke out and I have tried a few sketchy places as I learned my way around.  I'd give it another shot. probably really good for after work meet ups... not a saturday night on the town kind of place.
3	Ever feel guilty about drinking before noon? Well you definitely wont at this place. A wonderful happy hour starting at 11am that doesn't give you the judgy face. You can blame it on the fact that the mixed drinks are $5 during happy hour. The drink list is plenty and there are delicious things to eat while you are at it. Give the cheese or chocolate fondue a chance. They both come with a wide variety of nibbles to dip into that bottomless pot of sin. The atmosphere is laid back but still hip. There are games for you to play and people to watch.
4	It's crowded sometimes, but I swear it is the only cool hangout in Chandler to date.Hummus = LOVE. Love the open feeling. Parking can be a bear.
5	We went back and tried the living room for a second time and the service was much better!  The Sangria was excellent!  We tried more menu items, but still didn't make it to dessert.  Will definitely come back again.
3	So I used to really like this place (5 star level).. I would visit if not weekly at least 2x a month with coworkers.  The wine glasses are $5 each until 6pm and their menu was decent and healthy (and filling) for something to munch on while pounding wine glasses (btw, I don't advise 'pounding' wine ... at all!).Lately, when I've gone, Iv'e noticed the wait staff is VERY lax... as a matter of fact when I was there tonight, the guy server just tossed the bill at us.  Yes, "tossed".  Add to that that the gals serving nearby and also serving us were waaaay too busy playing eye-candy for the old, fat Chandler farts next to us.  They were too busy hugging and giggling with the old (not even good looking) male farts to get our drinks and our checks in a timely manner.  That was just plain annoying.The owner is something else, too.  That guy is there nightly,, flirting away and getting sauced.  Good for him that he can enjoy life like that, but if his staff was tip-top, I'd say he's doing a good job and deserves celebrating his success..... but since they aren't, I'd say he needs to focus on getting his staff tip-top before some of us former loyalists abandon ship (which a lot of us have from my work group).The decoration and atmosphere were nice... I really liked the outdoor seating.. It was good while it lasted.
4	Went here for lunch on Saturday the food was great but thought they could have had a bit larger menu.
3	The Living room has really gone down hill. I frequented this establishment for several years and when it first opened it was a delightful little wine bar with great service and wonderful food. Now the food is mediocre and the service is incredibly lax. I'll probably still visit if I'm in the area but I wish the management would take notice because I'm really rooting for this place!
5	A real gem!
2	Cool concept but the drinks tasted like they use poor ingredients and cheap liquor. Life is way to short to drink cheap liquor!The food was just okay - nothing spectacular. I would not come back here again.The server, Jeff,  was plain annoying and mostly a smart@ss. Do not sit in his section!
5	Only place I've ever become a regular. Love the happy hour specials which are actually all day specials. Bartenders are friendly. Servers and service are always great. I love their food and always have a good experience.
3	There's good and bad here.  Good = Happy hour is pretty solid.  There's always a good crowd.  The atompshere is as good as it gets for Chandler.  Staff is pretty nice.Bad = The tables are packed in tight.  Tight like a fat kid's waistband after a no-holds barred Golden Corral session.  Parking is bad.  You'll probably have to park by the other businesses in the complex and huff it over.  The food is mediocre at best.  All in all if you're looking for a happy hour spot to start the night, you could do worse.  If you're looking for a meal, head elsewhere.
3	A fun place for wine and bruchetta. The hummus is DELISH! We actually ended up ordering a couple rounds of bruchetta, it was that good. My husband's favorite was the procuitto with figs and mascarpone cheese. I also had the roasted peppers with goat cheese, which was good, just a little bit too sweet. We also ordered turkey sliders.....we were a bit confused when they came out, when I think of slider I think of a mini burger; these were mini turkey sandwhiches, as in, they used deli meat turkey instead of a ground turkey meat patty. It was good, just not what I expected. Loved the fact that they had several wines for $5 before 6pm. Even on Sunday! I had a Pinot Noir from Mt. Pellier. sooooooooo good! Ever so slightly sweet and 'oaky', mild bodied and perfectly balanced. Went great with my goat cheese. Service was a little.....casual? Our server looked like she was on spring break or something....and not very knowledgeable of the wines (kinda sad, considering this is a WINE BAR) I can see what people mean about it being overly crowded....We happend to come on a slow day, but I could see potential for claustrophobia.
5	Just had an amazing lunch at the living room in chandler...service was awesome and its managers like Silas that keep us coming back!! Thank you!
5	Olives, fondue, pretzels, prime rib sliders, bruschetta, sangria. It all tasted like delicious.
3	Flatbread pep was good, but I didn't like how they made me feel like I was putting them out even though it was a good 45 min before closing.  Get a similar vibe with way better food, service, and wine at vintage 95 which is very close in downtown Chandler.
1	bad service on Saturday except  afternoon, receptionist didnt want us to sit at a couch, no reason, we sat at one anyway. Ordered brushetta  wasnt great just good. Between bad service and food, we left after a glass of wine
5	Just like its name, the place makes you feel like party in your own living room. It was a large space with lots of seating and open air! DJ is great, I enjoyed the music. Dress up or dress down, its nice and casual...Great Neighbour hood place to hang out.
4	We went here after I bought a local dines certificate.  The place is really cute!  There weren't a too many people there when we went, maybe 8 tables or so, and only one waitress.  She did an amazing job taking care of all the tables.  We had a few different types of the bruschetta and the fondue.  Everything was really tasty!  We will definitely go back!
5	We had my baby shower here and everyone loved it. The service was great and food was perfect temp and portion. I recommend the hummus. Prices are great and I can't wait to go back.
3	I've been here twice, once for a friend's baby shower and tonight for dinner with a friend. Kind of torn about this place right now.Tonight we were greeted and sat right away. I really like the porch and couch was very comfy. Our cocktails were brought out fast. They have a nice selection of "skinny" drinks - I got a skinny margarita, it wasn't good. My friend got the 'skinny bitch' which was pretty good. I ordered the bruschetta and honestly, it was just ok. I've had better (cough*Postinos*cough). Not a fan of the prosciutto. They need a higher quality meat and are too heavy handed on the fig jam. Chicken salad bruschetta? Not a fan of that one either. My friend ordered the caprese sandwich which was very good. Flavorful. Crunchy on the outside, inside was warm and melted in your mouth. The accompanying salad was good too.Our meal was equally a hit and miss curiously enough. Service was good and I love the atmosphere. It wasn't all that bad overall so I'm willing to give it another shot. Perhaps happy hour...(Sidenote: how can the service be pretty good here and AWFUL at the Sushi Room next door? I thought they are owned by the same owners...)
2	This place wants to be Postino, but has worse wine and the food is subpar. We went on a Saturday and out was so loud we could not have a conversation because our was too loud. We will not be going back, try postino if you want a good wine bar.
5	LOVE this place. Whenever we have guests in town we take them here, and everyone loves it. Such a unique experience with all the couches. Their happy hour offers some really nice pricing.
2	This is a "halfway" review because we didn't order any food at the Livng Room and will never go there to eat. My husband and i stopped in on a Sunday evening. It was monsoonyish out so there was no one seated outside but the inside was busy. The bar was full and the tables in the main food area were almost full. We had fun. It was a great place to people watch. The music was excellent. A female singer. But in watching people we noticed that the service in the restaurant was horrible. There was one waitress that we were enthralled by because she looked like she was about to kill herself and moved like a snail. We watched her try to smile at a customer and it was... well.. sad. Our server was the only server in the bar. She was literally running and it was still slow. There were two servers in the food area and they were both really slow moving. the one who didn't look like she wanted to kill herself sure did't appear enthused. And the wine by the glass list is just "okay". Nothing interesting on it. Just some basic mid range wines. This is a good happy hour place. Somewhere to get drinks, watch single people (or married ones who wanna be), have some laughs. But it doenst look like a dinner place.
2	I'd never heard of this establishment before being invited here the other night. From the outside it looks cute. The exterior is covered in curtains. Like a living room; hence the name. Inside, its rather small. Its your typical wine bar - simila looking to Postino. I'm not sure how things go here on a regular weeknight, but I can tell you, on a busy saturday night, its a mess. At least that was my experience. I was here attending a birthday celebration for a friend. They put her large party in the center of the bar area. With the DJ right in front . Oh and just a couple feet away was the bathroom. Which had a large line spilling into our area. Our waitress appeared to be trying her best to do her job but wasnt able to easily make her way around our table to take orders because the area was so cramped. The wine list was pretty subpar. The cheese plate was, eh.  My real issue here was the Dj. I'm sure hes a great guy just trying to pursue a hobby. Or maybe his passion. Whatever the case may be, in this particular place he is playing the wrong music. If I'm at a wine bar I'm thinking of a place where people can talk while sipping wine. I think something ambient is a appropriate. Perhaps a live musician? I hear they have one on occasion. Something relaxing. This guy was playing full on booty bumpin tunes. There was no room to do the cupid shuffle so I'm not sure why he played it. He played the standard Chandler club tunes. From like, 4 years ago. The music was bad and severely out of place. If this place wants to be a club, it should be a club. If it wants to be a wine bar, it should be a wine bar. But the two are not one in the same or even similar.  It was all underwhelming. I've lived in Chandler and I know the suburb is lacking in nightlife so I hope this place improves.
3	After reading a few reviews from other yelp members I have to agree with them. I'm not going to go into detail, I'm just going to give a quick summary. We were at the place at 7pm on a Friday. If you want  table, they will be hard to find.1) Wine - I had a Cabernet - It was good but not spectacular. I'm sure that it was an honest pour, but for some reason, it seemed less that other places. 2) Bruschetta - Fair. Outside was nice and crunchy while the center was soggy. (Other reviews had similar comments.)3) Service - Was not spectacular. The waitresses seemed pre-occupied with other things. It seems that we were not the priority of her evening.4) Music - Way too loud. We were not able to talk without yelling across the tables. Very annoying. Although the DJ was pretty good with a great selection of music.I was really hoping to give this place better reviews. If you like this place, you will love Postino's.
3	The Living Room is pretty good, especially for a restaurant in Chandler. The Sangria isn't great but it's decent. The prime rib sliders are very good, except when the kitchen over cooks the buns.The wait staff is very laid back and friendly, the crowd is usually an interesting mix of people.Bottom line: good for happy hour, grab a drink and a bite...
5	Okay, this is another local favorite.  My husband and I usually go here once a week on our way home from work.  Their wine, mixed drinks and draft beer are excellent!  The staff is super nice and always makes us feel welcome and the atmosphere is upbeat and fun!  The food is awesome!  I highly recommend their cheese fondue, spinach and artichoke dip, bruschetta, ahi tuna salad, french dip sandwich, turkey pinwheels...  okay you get the idea.  We haven't tried anything there we haven't liked!
5	Neatly tucked away in a sweet cobblestone street shopping area of Chandler, the first impression was a good one: gorgeous patio seating areas with curtains and comfy pillows & dimly lit, nicely decorated indoors. It was almost packed on a Thursday night & had a really great energy (although I was surprised by the pop music playing, didn't give the right vibe). We were seated on the patio (mind you, it was 110 degrees that day) & the misters/fans made it comfortably cool. It didn't take long to be brought water & have our orders taken. Chris was our server & he was absolutely FABULOUS! Gave us a wonderful overview of the wine selections, his recommendations, & what would pair well with it in - his suggestions were spot on. We ordered a cheese platter. I adored the brie cheese with my riesling ste. michelle wine!The evening was absolutely perfect! And to cap it off, when the waiter heard it was my birthday, out came a DELICIOUS cookie cake free of charge. Wonderful place, I definitely recommend it.
5	What a great name, awesome energy and amazing staff.  Now let me preface this with I live in North Scottsdale, so as many Arizonians know, we are stuck in a bubble up here.  That being said, since I have only been here 2 years, I have never driven so far south.  I thought i was in Tuscon.  I had no idea there were two 202 freeways..... you, I drove to the furthest one. But the drive, and getting lost was worth the wait to dine in this great place. Let start with the Skinny Cocktail list.... yes skinny.  Everything was low in sugar or had none and all bursting with flavor.  I loved it!We moved in to the Cheese Board which came with crusty bread, almonds and fruit. We also ordered the Bavarian Pretzel, with warm brie, and three mustard's.   I love mustard more than anything! This fine establishment had awesome service, we sat at the bar and could not think of one bad aspect, except the old guy in a V-Neck Affliction shirt, but maybe he drove in from Scottsdale too.
2	Way too noisy.  Can't hold a conversation with the person next to you.  Food is okay.  Wine is good.
4	I am surprised how this hidden bar in "downtown Ocotillo" is absolutely never empty. The decor is simple, the ambiance is nice and the general atmosphere is swanky and upscale. Read: my 20-something year old friends would never pay for the stuff here.But- their happy hour, though 11-6pm (seriously who stops happy hour at 6pm?) is pretty decent and worth checking out when in the area. Its location is the greatest blessing AND curse: if you work in OC, its a great bar at almost-walking distance, but SINCE you work in OC, you're likely to bump into coworkers and managers from your office... often sipping on cocktails with ladies other than their wives.Oh dear.. look away, pretend you never saw each other.Social awkwardness aside, I have been pretty pleased by the accommodations at The Living Room. When I organized a 20+ people happy hour here, they were able to reserve the community table for me and extend the happy hour until 7pm (not a hard bargain for them). Our server was suuuuuper slow, which although understandable for the crazy packed venue, was still quite annoying. Their cocktails are a tad pricey but decently put together and tasty. Out of their food, probably the best thing on the damn menu is the caprese dish: fresh mozzarella served with pesto, cherry tomatoes, aged balsamic reduction and toasted bread - super simple, incredibly delicious. Their bruschettas were tasty but nothing to yell about: the roasted red pepper hummus was standard (hummus and bread, we've all tried it) and the olive tapenade was a bit better, but nothing you can't make at home. Their pinwheel rolls were A-OK but the cider vinaigrette was beyond terrible and did not go well with the tortilla bread and sandwich contents. yuk. Finally, their fondue is simple and nice (at $10) but I think the ratio of dipping items to cheese was a little off. Read: we need more cheese. More cheese!!A solid 4 stars after multiple visits. I think you can have a great evening if you come here for drinks and make educated menu decisions (not everything is going to be tasty, but that will happen everywhere you go). Its a 5 stars in atmosphere, 2 in speed of service and a 3 in food... Yeah, i'm terribly picky.
2	I wish I could write this place two reviews, because the difference between when you go is like night and day. Might as well be two different places.Weeknights are great. This is the place to lounge around on their beautiful patio with a glass of wine(or three) and amazing small plates. A great spot for warm summer nights. Service was impeccable and prices were perfect. Plus the staff actually know their stuff when it comes to their wines and what to recommend. But then there's the weekend...Made the mistake of taking the husband on a Friday night and we didn't even stay for a drink. Apparently this is THE place for the Chandler cougar crowd and the 40-50 somethings acting like bnoxious 20 year olds. I hate to generalize but when you walk in and get the stink eye from three 60 yr old ladies in mini skirts, it hardly encourages affection. We walked in and the place was packed. It's a bar on a weekend, that's to be expected. But there was no one around with a wait list, and the place isn't set up to have a lobby or really even a host stand. All I could assume was that it was a free for all seating plan and we didn't feel like wading through the mob of  soccer dads in affliction shirts to try to reach the bar. Definitely can't recommend on the weekend, and if you do attempt it, keep in mind that there is absolutely nothing else in the area as far as bars or nightlife so you may be stuck trekking it into Chandler or Tempe to find something else to do. As for me, I'm not so sure I'm going to risk heading out there anywhere near a weekend unless the vibe changes drastically.
4	I love this place. For the ones that have made this their local gathering place (I'll presume you agree), it's like walking into your very own CHEERS bar.  Everyone does know my name and hugs are from staff as well as regulars...their is no such thing as being in a bad mood here.  I'm just sayin.
5	I agree with another reviewer who wished she could write two reviews for this place, but over all I love it. Just don't try it on a Friday or Saturday night unless you're under 30. Too crowded; too loud; too many pheromones, but on to the positive.This place has a helpful and knowledgeable staff, a very decent wine list and a respectable beer list. I can't believe the generosity of happy hour which goes from 11am to 6pm. That's a dang long happy hour! $5 glasses of wine and $2.50 draft beers including my personal fave Kiltlifter. Those are great prices. This great spot is under the same ownership as The Sushi Room next door, and if you ask nicely they will bring you a sushi roll while you have your happy hour beverage. That is "above-and-beyond" service in my book. Most of the waitstaff is quite young and of the short-shorts and low cut top variety, but personable even to old gals like me and the service (other than F&S nights) is great. The menu choices are not extensive, but they are good. Excellent salads, soups and sandwiches. The Caprese sandwich is spectacular as is the Caprese appetizer. Fresh and delish. Sitting outside in the afternoon on the covered patio areas is a treat. Bring a book, sip a glass, have a nosh. Life is good in the Living Room.
4	Saturday nights at The Living Room are very lively with a great crowd. Great place to meet friends and they have a full bar for those that dont just like wine. I love their chicken salad sandwich and side salad. The bruschetta is amazing.
1	I think it was very bad service and overpriced food. I would have to say I wont go back here again. Nothing about this place wants me to give it another chance and when its so over priced, its hard to give it another chance....Also, I really dont want to sit there in a supposed "classy" lounge with girls who are barely dressed at all waiting on tables and leaning over shoving their chest out for us to look at. TRASHY. I wont waste my time or money going back here.
3	I came here on a Sunday to use a coupon for bruschetta that I got at a Yelp event last summer. I really liked the open air set up of the space although there's not much to look at in this part of Chandler.I'm glad they do the $5 glasses of wine before 6pm. I was in a Spanish mood so I got the grenache and tempranillo. I enjoyed both wines, but I wasn't blown away by them. The bruschetta was ok. The bread is definitely a lesser quality than the bread used at Postino. I didn't enjoy the apple bruschetta as much as I remembered by the first visit, but I loved the olive version! It was so nicely salty and piquant.Service was decent. Both of our servers were friendly, but one seemed a bit scattered and inexperienced. There was live music, but it was pretty bad I hate to say.We had a good time, but there was nothing outstanding that would make us return.
4	I am a big fan of the Living Room. It has a wonderful ambiance with indoor and outdoor seating. I've been here both for happy hour as well as late night drinks. The happy hour is great -- $5 select wines, $2.50 drafts including KiltLifter? I'm a fan! Even otherwise, the drink prices are standard fare for a nice place in Chandler.On all occasions, my friends and I have ordered something to munch. We always get the prime rib sliders and the bruschetta. Both are amazing!Given the nice ambiance, this is also a great date spot, especially when the weather is nice. The outside seating especially is cozy and you can get your drink on while having a good conversation with your date. The service is not pushy at all.There are two reasons for docking a star from this review -- 1) The vegetarian menu is somewhat limited2) The food prices are a little high. E.g., the flatbread will set you back $8 and is a small portion. I'm not a big guy and I could eat two of those as an appetizer! There are no food specials for happy hourWould I got back? Absolutely! But probably for happy hour and the yummy sliders!Pros -- Ambiance, Happy Hour, Sliders!Cons -- Overall food prices
4	the scenery is great here.  drink specials aren't bad either.  The only thing missing is having food on happy hour.
4	My friend brought me here for the first time a few years ago and  I've been going here ever since. It's a very nice wine bar/lounge. It's a great place to meet up with friends for a drink and just socialize or even take a date here. The environment is very cozy and the name of the place speaks for itself. You have the option of sitting at one of their tables, the bar, their couches or on the outdoor patio. I love their outdoor patio, especially in the winter time because they have fire places that they turn on for you. They even have live music on certain days of the week as well.As far as their menu, they have a variety of food that you can choose from. Soups, salads, sandwiches, and plenty desserts. If you do have a chance to come here you HAVE to try the bruschetta. They have 8 different types to choose from and in my opinion they all taste amazing. My favorite has to be the chicken salad or the Apples and Brie. I also LOVE their Chocolate Fondue. It comes with a variety of fruits, pretzels, marshmallows, etc. Very yummy! =) Now onto the best part, the drinks! They do have a pretty awesome happy hour. $5 for a selection of wines and $2.50 for drafts from 11am-6 pm. I'm more of a wine/martini drinker myself. They have a variety of their specialty martinis but I usually get one of my favorite drinks which is a Cosmopolitan. I love the atmosphere & environment of this place and would definitely recommend coming here for a date or small social gathering. You can't get any cozier than a place called The Living Room. =)
5	I was invited here by my sister to meet a friend for lunch and a glass of wine. I don't drink but went anyway. So glad that I did. Nice outdoor seating areas to catch the afternoon breeze. They had a glass of wine and we ordered lunch. Nice casual ambiance. I am in my upper 40s and just moved to the area. I LOVE having a casual place to sit and talk. I don't think that I will go on a weekend based on the other reviews. I had the salad/sandwich combo as did my sister and the foodwas so fresh. So flavorful. I will be back for another delicious, quiet, casual lunch.
4	Pleasantly surprised!  This place is better than I expected
1	Very, very slow, and unfriendly service.  Food was okay.  Decent drink list.  You're better off going to Postino.
4	Love the atmosphere but a bit crowded in there. Good menu- bruschetta was great.
5	I went here with a friend and we had a really great time. I am  updating my previous post because I didnt have a good time at all before. She and I had a couple drinks and appetizers and everything was awesome this time. A bit loud but thats to be expected. I really do like this place now!
3	I lived in Hawaii for a number of years and during that period I'd go to the Ala Moana mall from time to time.  If you've never been there, it's not an enclosed mall, so as you walk from store to store you're outside.  What I always found odd was that the majority of the stores in the mall kept their doors open and their air conditioners cranked up so that as you walked past you got hit with a cold blast of air.So why do I bring this up?  Well for whatever reason the Living Room kind of does the same thing.  Only problem is we live in Arizona and not a tropical island.  Why on earth, when its 100 degrees outside, would you leave all the doors open in your restaurant?Anyway now that I got that out of the way, let's talk about the food.In short not bad.  I didn't really find it remarkable, as in they have one dish I absolutely have to come back for, rather it was serviceable.What was remarkable was their happy hour prices on wine.  $5 bucks for anything on the by the glass menu.  Pretty good deal.  Oddly however, no food choices for happy hour...or at least I wasn't offered any.One last point....pricey...I dropped $50 bucks for lunch.  Not sure I got $50 in value...certainly the 3 glasses of wine were a good buy, but that's about it.
3	Really enjoyed the atmosphere here. I thought the portions were small for the money, but it is Chandler.We really enjoyed our creative beverages. Don't shy away from the special of the day.
3	I've been here many times after work and I really love the atmosphere and decor of the place.  The patio is relaxing when it's not too hot.  The food is great and there is a pretty good wine selection.  We used to get good service here, but for the past few months it's just not there anymore.  It's a little awkward when you walk in because you're not sure if you can just sit down or wait for a host, but it is open seating.  The servers share the entire restaurant (no sections), which makes nobody accountable for anything.  We watched a table sit down for half an hour, they never got greeted so they just left.  It is difficult to find a server when you need one, and they seem pretty rushed when you do get their attention.  I hope with their new remodel, they can bring their service back to what it used to be...attentive, efficient and very friendly.  My boyfriend doesn't want to ever go back, but I'm giving it one more chance.
5	Awesome bachlorette party venue. Not only were the food and drinks moderately priced for non-happy hour/Friday night, but they let us bring our own cake and joined in on our fun. We had a spot on the patio which had nice curtains to block out the wind and rain. Though it was a bit chilly at first, they went and pinned the curtains even more and it helped tremendously. They also had heaters on the patio which was great since it was in the 40s last night. Our server was a sweetheart and took really good care of us. Even though it was a busy Friday night, the crowd was fun and the music was good. We had an amazing night at The Living Room.
5	My gal and I have become regulars at this place.  As a rule we enjoy day drinking so the 11 a.m. happy hour on draft beer suits us perfect.  On weekdays we have the place to ourselves until about 3pm.  The kids that work the day shift are very friendly with fun personalities.  Can't say anything about the food because as of late I restrict my calories to drink.
4	The service is fair to good (more toward fair), but the ambiance and cute, unique menu options make this place a keeper.  Try to avoid going when they're busy because the place is small and it can be tough to find a place to sit plus it gets quite loud.  Prices are decent for what you get.  Don't get the skinny drinks - they're terrible.  Either drink club soda or stick to just one of the real thing.
5	We had a Groupon for this sushi place that I had been trying to get my wife to go to.  She bought the Groupon!?  But we had just had sushi.  So, naturally, we drove there and ended up at The Living Room.  They seemed rather busy for a Thursday night, so we opted to sit outside, immediately.  The sun was low and the misters were raining down cool moisture.  Two chairs were arranged around an end table and, later, a second end table was added.  I hope you see where this is going.  It actually felt as if we were eating dinner at a party in someone's living room.  The service seemed good when you accounted for the deluge of patrons.  I'm not sure if this was a typical Thursday.  I saw our waitress hustling inside and outside with plates and cutting boards being used as plates.  We had some wine, the olive appetizer, and four bruschetta on a cutting board.  All was good.  The menu is long on the wine and beer, and boasts a variety of appetizers, bruschetta, salads, sandwiches, and desserts.  Near the end of our dinner, the music turned county and we hightailed it out of there.
4	I asked the waitress if she had any red blends and she had no idea what I was talking about. Sent over the bartender and he recommended a few.  We snacked on chips and queso, sliders, turkey wraps...all very good.  Pretty empty on a Friday night but I hear it gets packed.
2	I visited The Living Room tonight for the first time after hearing a lot about it from several of my friends. Upon approach I noticed the exterior is well kept and seems classy; when you walk in, it's spacious with a a very nice, warm decor (evidently it was recently remodeled and it looks great). The atmosphere is very inviting.I sat down with my friends at the community high top table in the center and we were greeted almost immediately, from that point on the service went down. We informed the young lady that greeted us that we weren't sure which wine we'd like yet so we would take water for the time being. The water never came but by the time she returned we were ready to order wine and appetizers. The bruschetta, sliders, and the pretzel we ordered came out very quickly (we actually ordered them all at separate times throughout the evening and each time the quick delivery time was equally impressive).The biggest problem was finding a server to even notice that we needed to order food and/or drinks. Each time our glasses sat empty, pushed off to the side for a minimum of 5 minutes before anyone would even acknowledge us and inquire as to whether or not we would like more, despite the fact that we were constantly being passed by servers. The servers seem to share the entire restaurant and I think that creates confusion as to who has or has not been helped; they just assume that someone else is taking care of you.To recap, I'll just say that the food was delicious, much better deserving of a four star rating, and their wine selection was equally good. The service, however, is a major detractor and in my opinion is the most important part of any good dining experience. As Benjamin Franklin said, "The handshake of the host, determines the flavor of the roast," and I've had much better service at Postino's or D-Vine.
4	Great food & drinks. Yummy cheese plates. Cozy atmosphere. One of the best places in the area.
3	Good food/drinks...good atmosphere, but the music is waaay too loud to have a good conversation.  I like the indoor/outdoor concept.
1	No Happy Hour prices for food??? We walked out of there, ordered nothing. There are so many other places in the valley w/ actual HH deals.
5	The food was fabulous.  Sat at the bar and the bartenders were pleasant and attentive.  They made great margaritas!  Had the Prime Rib and Bruschetta.  Excellent!!!  The flatbread pizza was not good though.  It was unappetizing and small.  Other than our experience was great!!!!
5	I went here for the first time with my mom, aunt and boyfriend and had a great time! We were greeted right away and given options on where to sit and decided on some comfy couches. My boyfriend had a couple of cocktails and us ladies enjoyed a great bottle of Malbec between the three of us. Great selection of brochette served on wood planks. It was noisy while we were there but it all fit with the ambiance of the place. They have great happy hour deals and all the employees that we dealt with were really nice!! I would definitely go back the next time I visit AZ!!
1	Well, not quite sure what happened here but...WTF?Friday HH and all the servers are dudes dressed like lumberjacks.  None of them seemed to know what they were doing.  Hate to even write this but our server had something very unpleasant hanging from his nose.  I didnt say anything.  Embarrased for him.  Really confused here?  Upscale wine bar with burly man servers?
5	I love this place! It's perfect for date night and has an amazing wine list! I love the ambience and the wonderful patio. It definitely stands out from the other places in this area. I've only tried the food once and it was sort of lacking but the presentation was lovely.
4	Great Place!  I went there with my girlfriend for lunch.  The place was fairly empty, so we had pretty much choice of seating.  Also, it is open seating. We got a small table and ordered the 4 types of Bruschetta.  Overall, very, very good.  Good (not great) service.  We got this pizza cookie thing for dessert.  It was very good.  It would have been nice if the server had mentioned the pan was 450 degrees, so as to not touch it.  Also, a circular pan does not fit on an oval plate.  We ended up putting it on the table.  Small things, yes...but things that keep you from 5 stars in my book.Very nice place. I would definitely return!
5	Happy Hour is the way to go or weekend hang out spot. This place has COOL down to an art. With the cool vibe and music playing, the service is natural and doesn't miss a beat. Most of the time you have another drink before you realize you should have one. Everyone is on top of it, and other servers will usually bus your table or bring you more drinks. The place has a good teamwork feel to it. The food is all great but my favs are: pretzel and cheese, Bruschetta board (any of them) and the flat bread pizzas. I'm sure all of it is good but I'm still stuck on these three.Make sure you get there before 4pm or you may have to stand for a while, but don't worry it'll be worth the wait.
5	I sure wish my living room looked like this place! Great interior design with a classy, sophisticated atmosphere. I recently planned my boss's 50th birthday here and we had a great evening! Thanks for great service, we had one dedicated server and he was on it! We also planned to have appetizers and pizzas delivered throughout the evening and it worked out perfectly! We had some flatbread pizzas, bruschetta planks, spinach artichoke dip, sliders and cheese fondue. Plenty for all of our guests and everything kept disappearing so we clearly enjoyed it! The restaurant was packed on this particular evening and the staff handled it like champs. I would hold other parties or events here, making sure to plan the menu and discuss our wants with a manager ahead of time. I totally forgot to mention the layout of this restaurant. It's pretty cool. There are a few really neat wrap around patios. And inside the dining room has an open layout with smaller little nooks for larger groups. Check it out, you'll definitely be comfortable in this living room!
4	Great place for glass of wine and some apps.  We met some friends here early as it does get crowded.  We order some apps and a bottle of wine.  The food was very good, flat bread pizza, prime rib sliders, anti-pasto board just great.  Good selection of wine, if you are not a wine drinker there are a handful of beers and a couple of mix drink selections.  (This is a wine bar after all).  The service was very friendly and prompt.  We will be back.At about 7p the noise level does increase, so it does become a bit of a challenge to have a friendly conversation with your party.  The prices were not bad at all.
4	Cool vibe and great happy hour all day!!! Menu is extensive and sophisticated.  Sitting outside on a beautiful patio.   Aaaaaahhhh...
1	Went to The Living Room Saturday night with a group of approximately 17 people.  I had been here once before and thought it was great so I recommended it for my friend's birthday party.  We called ahead and reserved space earlier in the week.  We arrived on time and were asked to wait for our area.  We waited for about 15 minutes and were shown to an area that had seating for about 10 people.  We were told we would get the area next to us once the two ladies who were currently in that space left.  We waited for service for what seemed to be a long time.  The waiter finally came over, he was nice however it was very slow getting drinks for the large party.  We planned on eating dinner here but we had one small table and for 16 people it wasn't even enough space for drinks let alone dinner.  As more guests arrived the space got tighter and we noticed that the ladies next to us who were "almost leaving" as per our server were just ordering dinner, then more drinks then dessert.  Apparently calling ahead earlier in the week to reserve space for 16 did not include the staff to reserve an adequate space for everyone.  Finally after our guests were hungry and in need of a seat they began to leave.  We asked the staff several times and were given the same answer-as soon as these ladies left the space was ours.  The ladies finally left and we jumped on the space just in time to not have another party take the area.  None of the staff was monitoring this for us.  Our bill was about $600 and I feel we received terrible service.  No one who was with us that night would ever return.  They definitely do not know how to treat their guests.  I would think a $600 tab would warrant a little better service.  They really dropped the ball.  There are plenty of other wine bars worth trying out where I'm sure guests are treated much better.
5	5 Stars for sure! Awesome atmosphere a great wine bar/lounge without having to go all the way to scottsdale. If you are looking for a good chill time in chandler this is the place to be!
4	Pretty hip place. Good selection of beers on tap and lots of cocktails and wine. Really the ambiance does it for this plAce. Didn't try the food.
5	This is always our go-to place for a fun night out.  The staff is always friendly and fun, the atmosphere is upbeat yet not too overpowering.  The food is limited but really good, too.  Try the cheese fondue and the sliders.  Yummy!  Also, a nice casual lunch spot as well.
4	Chandler can be pretty darn cool. Just take a look at The Living Room, a happening indoor/outdoor bar with an attractive wait staff, tasty sangria and om nom nommable eats. Now that I work in Chandler full-time, it's quickly become my favorite go-to for happy hour and lunch, with a vibe that's more downtown Phoenix than family-filled suburbs.The place is open and airy, with the indoors spilling out to the patio, no wall dividing the two. Dark wood and burnt orange furniture decorate the space, with the funky color scheme giving the spot a Mediterranean vibe. Comfy couches surrounded by fireplaces outside are perfect for lounging, while high-tops and an expansive bar with sports televisions inside give drinkers and diners more options.The place gets packed during "normal" happy hour time, but if you're a day drinker, you're in luck, since happy hour prices are available from open to 6 p.m. Definitely try a glass of sangria ($5 during happy hour) - I loved the red version I got, since it was really fruity but strong. There's an extensive wine list, as well as a mixed cocktail selection, if fruity sangria isn't your thing.The food at The Living Room is also mighty tasty. The Caprese sandwich ($9.95), with thick mozzarella, a pesto sauce, juicy grape tomatoes and a balsamic glaze that perfectly ties everything together, is delicious. I love it with a mixed green salad with lemon caper vinaigrette - the salad reminds me of another favorite salad of mine, at The Main Ingredient in Phoenix.Even if you don't live in Chandler, I'd say The Living Room is a destination spot and should entice you to venture out South if you don't usually head that direction.
4	First time I have been to this place. I meet some friends on a friday night for gals night out.  First time for all of us and we sat outside on the patio.  The food was great, the staff was friendly and helpful.  The only thing I didn't like is the music was a little loud and it was hard to talk sometimes.
4	Summer evenings on the patio are quite beautiful... I love the casual and relaxed vibe of this restaurant. They also have DJs and live music on some nights. The place is great for small bites and hanging out. I gravitate towards the bruschetta  options and of course the cheese board. Once we had gone with a larger group and a few preferred sushi over bruschetta, so they ordered food from the sister restaurant that is next door. It wasn't an issue and in fact, I think one of the waiters suggested it as an option. Worked out well, everyone was content.
4	Some wine lounges totally lack a food or nice cocktail selection but not this place!  Although we were not impressed with the bruschetta we were impressed with their cocktails and salads! Plus it was nice they had an open type design which made lounging in chairs or sitting at a table a comfortable laid back setting.  I would definitely come here again!
1	bad service
4	Very good atmosphere and packed on a Saturday.  A little tough to get around with so many people, but everyone was polite and let everyone through.  Would love to try their food next time, looked and smelled amazing.
2	We've only been here once & probably will not be returning. When we walked in, there were quite a few people waiting to be seated. We were at the door for probably like 15 or 20 minutes ... Only because we had heard so many good things about this place that we decided to wait. Finally someone came up to us to let us know to wait & we gave our names. We waited probably 30 or so minutes after that & I really wish we hadn't. We were seated at a small table in the corner next to a large party. We ordered the turkey pinwheels & bruschetta plus some drinks. Nothing was bad but nothing was great enough to rave about. The restaurant was so loud it was hard to speak & hear each other. There are definitely other wine & bruschetta places in town that offer much better food/drinks & service.
4	Really like the atmosphere here. I've only been twice....and have only had drinks.....but it's a cozy, friendly wine bar.
1	My date and I were excited to try out the Living Room. My date was questioned about her age and was asked if she was an organ donor. Not the best greeting. There was no hostess at the door, so we walked around the restaurant until we found out it was open seating. We sat at our table for 15mins without any service contact. We left and made a plan to never return. We hope everyone else has better luck with the Living Room. Unhappy customers.
5	I come here during lunch hours and love it! Friendly service and great food. :)
1	Great food but horrible horrible service. I went there a few weekends ago with my co-workers. Service was so bad we weren't even sure who our waiter/waitress was. There was no one even in the place eating so not sure why it was so hard to have good service. They tried to charge us for a drink we didn't even get.  One of my co-workers ordered a cranberry vodka and the waitress told us "that was weird". Isn't that a common drink?!? We had to ask random workers for drinks. We ended up spending over $200. Sorry for whoever received our $10 tip lol but your service sucks! Not returning anytime soon.
4	Perfect place for a low key date night. Delicious wine selection and really nice house made red sangria. Even a decent craft beer selection. Waitress was very friendly and service was fast!  The ambience was great, saw people in their 20s through 60s all enjoying themselves.  I didn't mind the DJ playing some loud tunes!
5	This place is awesome! I just barely knew about this place not too long ago. The atmosphere is very cozy and nice. It's a great place to hang out with good friends. Their wines are delicious, a lil on the expensive side, but of course, to get good wine it has to be pricey. Their food is so yummy. We ordered their bruschetta which had a whole lot of different toppings you can choose from. We also had a sandwich as well which was delicious. Love this place and will come again and again.
4	Great place for drinks and appetizers - super busy even on a Thursday but service was good.
4	Wonderful place for appetizers and drinks. Service was a little slow but it was a Friday night and packed...Sangria is wonderful and the bruschetta is a must try! The prices are very reasonable and the portions are decent size. Great after work choice or fun evening out with the girls!
5	Great spot!  Great vibes, good times.Sliders are next level, cocktails stay flowing, good looking people, all around fun spot. I go here once or twice a month and unless something drastic changes, I will continue to do so. 3 words- Grand Marnier, neat.
5	The place is nice, lots of energy, and good service.  One of the best wine bars in the east valley for sure.  The service can be less than perfect when they are slammed, but otherwise, the place is awesome!The atmosphere, wine, and food will keep us coming back for sure, especially for their super fun Happy Hours.
3	Went there for a friends birthday. The service was lacking & the food was mediocre. Nice atmosphere. I probably won't be back though.
4	I've been here several times and fail to write a review. However, tonight included exceptional service again and had to spread with the masses. I tend to always get the flat bread pizza and some sort of merlot and it's a great combination for me.... it's like playboy bunnies are having a pillow fight in my mouth. It's kinda tucked away from the main areas of chandler, but worth the trip.
2	My boyfriend and I decided to try this place out for a Saturday night date. We were seated quickly by what appeared to be an owner. We'll call him "The Boss" (tall man with a baseball cap on). The Boss sat us, bussed our table, wiped it down, and then gave us menus. Said our server would be with us "shortly". "Shortly" was the understatement of the year at this place. The Boss came back about 15 minutes later to ask us if we'd ordered drinks yet. We hadn't.  He ordered and brought us our drinks. 35 MINUTES LATER our waitress Morgan appeared. We'd been watching her serve the couple at the same table we were seated at and several tables near us for the past half hour. We ordered food. Entire order was wrong and Morgan didn't offer to take it back to have it fixed. We were also charged for food portions we didn't order as well as paid for the incorrectly prepared entree. We also watched the Boss seat a new couple next to us and get their drinks as well. The waitress finally asked if they needed new drinks/food an hour and ten minutes later after they had been sat. An hour. And ten minutes. Really? Really. The food here was amazing though. That's the only reason they got two stars. The boss was excellent as well. Hosting, bussing, serving, cleaning, and probably cooking. Food is great but good luck getting service!
2	I have no complaint re: their food and drink. As a matter of fact, I love them!!!!! But I don't think I'll go back there again. The music is just way too loud, and we were tired of shouting at each other. We (4 girls) had a plan to have dinner, but it was so loud that we decided to just have a drink here & dinner at the Sushi Room.
4	You'd never expect to find an establishment like this one way down on Queen Creek, but it is situated in a quaint strip of other restaurants.  Inside is a cozy, classy restaurant and bar with a comfortable patio that would be great in nice weather.  Service is pretty good, everyone is friendly and not overbearing.  Nice spot for a happy hour.  Grab  friend, a platter of bruchetta, and don't forget that wine is $5 until 6pm!  I'd like to go back and try some more of the menu.  I definitely recommend a stop in if you're in the area.
5	Great wine bar! The atmosphere and ambiance was very friendly and casual. They have a lot of tables, couches, comfortable chairs etc. The bruschetta was excellent as well. The waitress we had was very attentive and made sure to keep checking in on us. Would definitely go back.
1	In full disclosure, I first contacted the establishment to let them know of my displeasure. As they've chosen not to respond (further reinforcing my view that the folks here just don't care), I'm posting my review to inform everyone else. The cheese fondue was served with moldy bread (that's a little TOO rustic for my taste), my salad (the VEGGIE) had meat in it (I'm a vegetarian) and our server actually said, "wow , you're batting 1000 tonight, aren't you?" No apology, no discount, no care or attention paid to the food or experience of the diners.  There are hundreds of places for happy hour; do yourself a favor and skip this one.
4	Perfect for a chill evening of wine, spirits, and good apps! Sat on the big couch with my wife and ordered fondue and a bottle of wine with a flat bread. Excellent! Service was good as well especially since they were very busy. Would like to see more old world wines on the menu but that's just being picky. Atmosphere is great!
3	I have dined here a handful of time. The service is good, no complaints there. But the food hasn't blown me away yet. My boyfriend and I are lovers of the Bruschetta but everything else we have tried just didn't quiet cut it. The Tuna Melt is OK but lacks originality. The drinks however usually don't disappoint although on our last visit the Sangria was terrible. I am not sure if the bartender made it wrong but it was way too sweet and not nearly enough wine was in it. I had to send it back and go with a Mojito that was OK. I will say that I do love the concept and the setting of the establishment. It has a good vibe and great for Happy Hour!
5	This place is wonderful, I love the decor. There is wifi as well so you can definitely have meetings here.
3	I loved the ambiance of this restaurant and the food was yummy (when it finally showed up).  The service was AWFUL! Our server kept forgetting to bring things to our table....forgot someone's iced tea, forgot sugar packets, forgot someone's food order, forgot the other half of another person's food order. It was getting irritating having to remind him constantly that he kept forgetting stuff. The last of the food order came out as we were about to leave 90 mins later.  :/
3	Headed to the one in DC Ranch for happy hour this week. We loved Armitage and not sure why it left but whatevs!!  Excited to try the new place and their fondue AND Queso. We have a serious cheese addition so...Will report back!
1	Will not ever go back here, very bad service, and the femail manager is obviously unhappy with her position there because she does not practice customer service. We were personally attacked for not leaving tip of 20% or more to a waitress that was not doing her job!!!!
4	Patios like this with the AZ weather are the best! We had a good size group and took up most the patio but the server was able to keep our drinks filled and food when we wanted it with no problems! They have a good wine selection, great appetizers, and great service. There was live music on Sunday evening. I am really glad to have found this spot that I didn't even know existed. The brucetta's were great, I had 3 of them! Someone in our group said the cheese dip was really good as well. 2 glasses of wine and 3 bruchetta's were a good deal at just over $20.
2	If you are a snail or a sloth THIS is the place for you because everything is SLOOOOOW!  We had to search for a hostess, never found her, not quite sure if they even have one. Drinks took forever, food took forever, service took FOREVERRRR ( insert Squints from the movie Sandlot saying this). We were actually laughing at how long drinks took for nearby tables as well.
1	I can't do less than 1 star. Terrible service. Who wants to be served by a guy chewing a gum in front of you? I don't. My boyfriend either. The food is ok, drinks way too expensive. I could barely feel the tequila in my margarita. I have to say we didn't wait long for the food to arrive, but where was the Brie on my bruschetta? Couldn't feel a taste of it. Too bad. I used to love this place, I brought some friends and had a blast. Tonight is just the worst experience I have ever had. Won't come by again. For sure.
5	Wow. Not sure what happened with the people who had a bad experience here but I am completely obsessed after my first visit here last night. My husband and I moved back here from Santa Barbara and this place reminds me of just that, with its gorgeous patio area, chill vibe and music. We were celebrating our anniversary with a casual drink and decided to pick this place because its down the street from our house. Wine was perfect, great happy hour price and we ordered the antipasto board which was fresh and filling. While we're eating our server surprised us with a chocolate fondue because we had mentioned why we were there. It was extremely delicious and just so thoughtful. Not to mention between her and the bartender we were constantly given attention and great service. I cannot say enough good things about this place. My hubby and I have already decided to add ourselves to it's list of regulars and stop by weekly!!! Well done!!!
5	The patio furniture alone is a MAJOR improvement! It's so comfortable and inviting!! Great menu, great service. So far -so good!!
5	Consistently great food and drinks.  Go before 6 for happy hour prices. Try the peach smashed martini and prime rib dip (au jus).
5	This place is pretty on point  for the area. The DJ is usually a lot of fun with fun music from different eras. Love the bruschetta and the management always seems to remember us and is there to help. It can be hit or miss with how busy it is, but I always enjoy myself.
