5	I have finally found an optique where I can find all high end frames.  I was amazed with the selection and with the all the different types of frames as well as the designers that they have.  The staff is extremely knowledgeable and helpful.  They treat their clients like family.  If you are looking for glasses,  sunglasses,  or contacts, take my word for it and go see Sabina at this optique.  I will be a client for life! Thank you for such a wonderful experience and for my new Tom Ford sunglasses.
5	Was visiting my family got myself nice glasses Very Pleasant people working there The Owner Sabina had good sense what I need
5	I went there this weekend to check it out and you cannot believe the selection.  They are the hippest and coolest frames I've seen!  The owner Sabina is passionate and brought me choices I wouldn't have thought to reach for...and they looked amazing.  Right now I only need sunglasses (and the selection was incredible, unique and affordable) but I can't wait until I need corrective lenses.  No doubt this is where I will shop.
5	I was just there looking for new frames. It's an awesome, local, friendly shop, owner owned and operated. What a great selection of top notch designer frames at really fair prices. I got a fees pair of Ray-Bans and had a wonderful experience. Better than any of the big-box, national brand stores! Highly recommended
5	I wore glasses for over 20 years and wished this store existed back then.  The selection here is one of a kind.  The owner Sabina is impressively knowledgeable about frames and finding the right fit.  She is extremely experienced and will help you find what you are looking for. Found tons of designer frames you can't find at regular optical stores.  Will be going back to purchase sunglasses very soon!  Highly recommend I2I Optique to anyone searching for unique frames and excellent customer service!  I will be back for a pair of designer sunglasses for sure!
5	Was here at the grand opening, nice modern store that has everything you need. Scottsdale needed this
5	Great service. They made me feel at home. It was my birthday and they even got me a birthday cupcake. She helped me pick the frames. I wanted funky glasses  she found a great frame.  Terrific customer service. Sabina and Dale were fun to work with. They even helped with getting my financing straight
5	It isn't often that you run into businesses these days that offer good customer service... This place does. It's nice to leave a business and feel like your time is appreciated.
