4	Tasty, fresh, cheap, and healthy. Located in the heart of the Sq. Hill shopping district, this place is perfect if you're grabbing a quick something after shopping or a movie. Service is good, too. Interior is a snooze, but it's clean and I've always been able to get a seat. Another plus: seems like they're open all the time, so it's good for 3:00 "lunch" on weekends. Good veggie options abound!
4	For many months we ate here almost once a week.  Its not terribly authentic middle eastern food but it tastes good, seems healthy and the service is pretty quick.  We like the fact that we can have a reasonable meal and be out of there in 45 minutes.  My wife and I have often commented that we often leave feeling good about having eaten the food.   A typical dinner for us is the chicken chili soup, lamb salad, chicken mishwi salad and a shawarma roll.  Jasmine's rice & veggies are another favorite.  They do have the traditional dishes-- hummus, tabouli, baba ganoush, etc also.  They are fine but not exceptional.  I should mention that the menu is actually quite long with all the variations of the basic items, so you have to experiment with various dishes.  This is one of the few restaurants that my daughter (10) likes to go to.  Kids Pitza is a good standy.
4	4 stars for Pittsburgh.  Fresh, healthy, tasty, reliable.  Service is a little too in-your-face friendly.  And no, the food's not entirely authentic.  But still the best salad to be had in Squirrel Hill.  Plus, they serve alcohol.  Or a nice mint tea, if that's more your thing.Great for parents, families, vegetarians, control freaks, etc.
5	I like the Mt. Lebanon location more, I think.  Sq Hill was always so busy.  I like the unique menu, good service, and I don't miss the naucious feeling that you sometimes get from some restaurants.
4	My parents and I wandered in here after a Sunday afternoon of furniture shopping, having zero clue about the food or the prices. Luckily, we were pleasantly surprised. The food was fresh, healthy and delightfully affordable. I recommend the chicken lentil soup, though I thought the hummus was a bit too bland. My father raved about the Shawarma Salad (beef and lamb strips over mixed greens), and my mom loved the Rolled Chicken Salad Pita. Our neighboring diners had the falafel, which looked delicious. What I especially love is that Aladdin's is a great place for vegetarians and carnivores to eat together in harmony. I can't wait when my college friends come out here to visit. My only suggestion would be to spice up the interior a bit. It doesn't need to become a cheesy harem, but right now it looks like a generic Panera Bread.
1	On a recent family visit to Pittsburgh, we ended up desperately needing to find food in the Mt. Lebanon area.  I know this is not the same location but how different can the food be for this kind of chain (although at the time of getting food there I did not realize this was a chain).  We got food to go so I can't comment on the service.  I don't recall exactly the names of things we got but I know that there was lentil soup (completely underwhelming, over-spiced with oregano??? but otherwise bland), grape leaf wraps (bland and boring), and two pitas...one with lamb the other a combo.  My husband's combo pita wrap was alright, nothing to write home about though.  My lamb wrap was good enough to eat when there were no other options but not flavorful enough for fond memories of a meal.  Basically, other no-so super Lebanese eateries could wipe the floor with Aladdin's food.  I will never go back and would not recommend unless you are desperate and want to avoid other questionable places like Ruby Tuesday, TGIF, etc or nasty fast food.
5	Can't even count the number of times I've eaten at this place. Their food is extremely affordable yet healthy and high quality for restaurant standards. I forget the name of this one drink but it was a concoction of celery, carrot juice and a couple of other things - it was awesome!
4	Whenever I'm in town, I make sure to stop here.  It's a welcome respite from the meat and potatoes fare at most other restaurants.  I am in love with the salad pita, and the homemade dressings, ESPECIALLY the sesame dressing btw, are to die for!  The food is always fresh and delicious, and healthy too.  Plus you never have to wait long!  The only caveat is that the desserts look better than they actually are..but I am picky!  (Plus in the summer, you should probably just venture outside to the ice cream place nearby instead anyway..its' famous!  All in all, this is a GREAT place! YUM.
3	I'm not all that big on Middle Eastern/Lebanese cuisine.  Still, as another poster says, Aladdin's provides a nice change of pace if you are looking for more than meat-n-potatoes.  I've brought out-of-town guests here and they have loved it.I have a couple of favorites here.  I really like the Mediterranean Grilled Lamb Plate, which is marinated lamb strips with rice and vermicelli.  I prefer it with garlic sauce instead of yogurt.  Another dish I like is the Grilled Turkey Salad.  The turkey is turkey breast and not formed, pressed turkey.  It also has olives, mixed greens, and cucumbers.  Beverages include pop, smoothies, and juices, however I recommend trying the mint tea.  It has a nice, soothing quality about it.  Surprisingly, they have an interesting selection of red wines and indeed they extol the virtues of red wine!  The beer selection is a little on the skimpy side though, being mainly Budweiser or Bud Lite.  I'm basically a non-drinker but every so often I do like some vino.So in short, this is not a place I'd eat at everyday.  But it does make a nice change of pace.
5	I love Aladdins.  Everything is always so fresh and good.  Prices are more than reasonable and service is good.  I love the Greek Pitza and the hummus pockets.  The Lentil Soup is great.  I don't care for their desserts; they're very dry.  THis is one of my favorite restaurants in Pittsburgh.  Be prepared to wait on weekends and dinnertime.
3	Good food. Kind service- quick service. Juice smoothies are refreshing addition to typical middle eastern menu. Casual dress.
5	I've tried the lamb-roll pita sandwich here which was quite good, and the chicken sambusek roll, which is incredibly-out-of-this-world!! Well, maybe that just had to do with my Indian palate, but I'd return here in a heartbeat!
2	The food is mostly tasty but way voerpriced for the quality. Try the med grill a few blocks down. Much better.
2	The food is good, but not any better than the Med Grill nearby.  The desserts are great, but not any better than Gullifty's, around the corner on Murray.  The vegetarian options are great to see.But instead of three or four stars, it's a strong two.  I've been there three times, and each time, this has been the slowest restaurant I've been to in the entire city. My guess at why they always look busy is that everyone's been stuck there for two hours, and that tends to keep it full.  If someone convinces me they fixed the problem with the speed, I'd gladly head back, but until then, they've burned through my goodwill.
5	Everything I've had here has been tasty and reasonably priced. I can recommend the salads, stuffed pitas, falafel, and pita pitzas. I'm getting hungry just thinking about it!
5	I can't help but wonder where the reviewers who call Aladdin's "overpriced" are dining instead.  The prices are very reasonable, even within Pittsburgh standards--the only things I'd consider splurgy at all are the smoothies / juices and the desserts.  The smoothies are worth it, at least, but the desserts can be hit or miss, depending on how long they taste like they've been sitting in the display case.Every time I've been here, the service was at least adequate, but it's sometimes very good.  This place is also fantastic for vegetarian options, and tastes very fresh.
4	I haven't been to the Med Grill yet, so I can't compare, but I'm really happy with the food at Aladdin's.  The portions are good and the prices are reasonable even for a poor grad student like myself (though I will "splurge" on one of the juices and appetizers if someone's treating me to the meal).  The falafel here is excellent--crispy on the outside, but moist on the inside.  I also enjoy the pickled veggies they add to the rolled pitas.  My brother, who absolutely hates getting his hands dirty/sticky while eating, thought they did a good job rolling the pitas here--no spills.  I like that they serve the dolmas and the foole m damas warm here.  My one quibble is that the pita bread that comes in a basket with the appetizers.  isn't served warm as well.  I've never had the tempting-looking desserts here because all the other food is so filling and delicious.
3	Not bad for a middle eastern fix but nothing to write home about. I like the chicken-len (chicken lentil soup). Salads are nice (fresh and of good size). Good for a veggie fix. No major complaints here. I would say it's worth trying Aladdin's but it's not like the genie is out of the bottle or anything (read as - off the hook).
4	I think I'm pretty addicted to their hummus. Delicious food and a cool, relaxed atmosphere. Very polite and charming staff. They answer all questions about the food if you're not familiar with the Middle Eastern style. I found having a friend who knew it rather helpful too!They have separate grills for meat and veggies, so it is perfect for vegetarians and those with food allergies alike!Try the cheesecake. I never wanted that little pyramid to end.
4	Aladdin's is defiantly worth a stop.  They are a local chain with a few locations.  The  food is always great and the deserts are very good.I  like the pitza's they have and would recommend anything with honey mustard.The falafel is really good here.
5	I dont care what anyone says, this is by far the best Mediterranean/Middle Eastern food ever. I have not been able to find anything to compare. I wish I still lived in Pgh!
5	I moved to New York City two weeks ago and I miss this place.I miss how fresh their smoothies tasted and how it cured any ailment I had from headaches to colds. I miss their falafel and hummus. I haven't found a place in NY that duplicates the freshness and balance of flavors Aladdin has.I miss their wraps and rolled pitas. I know it's not ethnic, but get their chicken salad pocket. It's one of the things I crave when I'm in NY. I miss their soups. Get any of their soups. If you're not sure which one to get, try one of their combos. The flavors always work with each other.The only thing I wished for is that  I tried their desserts. They taunt you from the glass case when you walk into Aladdin's.
4	I fell in love with kefta here- specifically, their spicy kefta sandwich is amazing.  Fresh, simple- juicy spiced lamb, killer yogurt sauce, wrapped up in a warm pita with fresh lettuce, onion and tomato.  and i forgot how good baba ganouj was until i tried theirs.house salad: A+all fairly healthy, too.I'm not a dessert person at all, but I find myself admiring their bakery case of beautiful pies and cakes, as well as traditional lebanese pastries.
2	WTF?Jasmine's Favorite dish is apparently frozen vegetables, microwaved with canned beans, rice and chewy lamb. Wow... I'm not sure why would anyone go out for dinner if that's the grub they serve. Maybe they're better for lunch but for dinner, I don't recommend it.Dessert did look delicious.
5	This review is dedicated to one of my friend in CMU.The only spot which comes to his mind when i said food is Aladdin.I was never a great fan of this place until my last Pittsburgh trip.  The place is located close to Squirrel hill where i have my other favorite eat outs.For some reason i craved for hummus and decided to go here for brunch.As you enter you may be thrown off looking at those huge yummy cakes .I generally lose my appetite entering the place.Mr.Aladdin please change the location for your cakes,but i have heard they are amazing( i am going to save it for my next trip).  We ordered a Falafel salad,Pita strips with hummus and a Falafel wrap.I must say it was great.It totally satisfied my hummus craving and it kinda filled me up.  The place is kind of tiny but i am sure they would soon start a street called Aladdin's eatery;it is packed most of the time. the service is friendly and quick. And yes this was the place where i tried Middle Eastern food the first time *Spirals in front of me* I am not dizzy,it is a flashback for where i was 3 years back :)  -Smriti
4	only had the food here once - the gyro-like thing, which wasn't impressive but wasn't bad. had dessert here twice, first time was so good i couldn't stop thinking about it so i went back and got some black/white cake and it was terrible. UGH. i hate it when places do that - you need to keep it consistent! it wasn't even just that the cake tasted bad, but it wasn't moist at all and kept fell apart as if it were old and dry. sadness.
4	This place is very nice--the restaurant is clean, they have an extensive menu and everything we tried here was good.We started with some of their house-brewed mint tea, which was hot and delicious.  We also had pita strips with hummus and roll-ups--my husband had chicken and garlic, mine was falafel with baba (eggplant) and both were delicious.  I was so full after dinner that I couldn't try dessert.Next time I will save room--they have probably 30 varieties of cake and cheesecake that all looked amazing!
5	We came back for round two, this time we both ordered entree salads which were fresh, crisp, and delicious.  The dressings are homemade, light, perfect!  I love the Aladdin's dressing--it's mostly olive oil and lemony.This time we got dessert which was so, so good.  Neapolitan cheesecake for me and peanut butter mousse cake for the hubby although we ended up sharing...both were awesome! Extra stars!  :D
4	Aladdin's is one of my favorite quick lunch places in Pittsburgh. There's rarely a wait for a table, the service is brisk and friendly, the prices are cheap, and the food! The food is fresh and tasty, and--if I'm reading the vibes right--pretty healthy to boot. Favorites: anything with falafel, the fattoush, and the baba ghanoush.
5	One of my favorite restaurants in Squirrel Hill!  Their hummus is AMAZING.  It's so smooth and has so much flavor.  The oil they add to it also helps.  Tastes so good with the pita.  Yum yum!  I'm going to hunt for an Aladdin's when I come back up to the North.They have a lot of options for both veggie and meat lovers alike.  Personally I like the mujadara (sp?) which is lentils topped with yummy fried onions.  The chicken and hummus plate is excellent because you get that yummy hummus and some meat to go along with it.  I find that the prices are okay, usually about $7-$10 a dish, which is not too bad.One thing I didn't like: Their smoothies are kinda overpriced though (like $5 or something) but I did try one, and they're pretty good.
4	The service wasn't perfect, but the food was very close. The best part of the experience were the cute girls with large posteriors.
5	One of the better 'food' places in Pittsburgh! Hands down. The place is simple and unpretentious but the food is amazing! I am a small portion eater and I had a whole big beef shawarma (griled beef with whole bunch of sauces and veggies rolled in pita) all by myself! I didn't even offer my friend any. Well he devoured his chicken salad, which sounds 'nothing much' but it is in every shape and form. The DESSERT is pretty darn good. They give you a dessert tour. Lots of chocolatey options. Overall it was one of the best $12 I have ever spent for dinner and dessert!
4	Pretty good healthy wraps and salads for a chain store.
4	Aladdin's is a chain, but you'd never know it. The food is prepared fresh, and is very good. I particularly like the hummus and would recommend the pizzas, as well.One of the best things about Aladdin's, though, is that the price is very reasonable considering the quality.
5	Very good middle-eastern food, including great vegetarian options, at a good price. Excellent salads with unique dressings. Try the vegetarian appetizer sampler.
3	My girlfriends and I came here before having a chick's night at the flicks.  We figured why not have some Lebanese chow before seeing an Italian film.We started our meals with Loubie Bzeit for our appetizer.  Green beans sauteed with onions, herbs, large whole cloves of garlic (Mmmm!  Kiss me Rick, Darling!).  Since I like the basics, I had the chicken vegetable soup.  To tell you the truth, I prefer chicken noodle any day of the week.  I had my usual here, the grilled turkey salad.  Aladdin's still isn't my first choice for dining out, but it is a nice change of pace from your standard burger joint.
4	I really enjoyed this place. My wife and I were looking for vegetarian options in our neighborhood and we were favorably impressed. It was also past nine when we got there, and we weren't the only people. I like it when places are open late.We each had a glass of the Lebanese table wine, and we tried both white and red. They were lighter tasting than, say, CA wine, but very flavorful and drinkable. They're not served in actual wine glasses and I'm embarassed to say I got some up my nose when I tried to smell the wine :)We split a falafel salad plate and a mojadarah plate. Now, these are both things we can make at home (in the case of falafel, with considerable effort and bother), but I thought Aladdin's did a good job on these basic dishes. The baked onions on top of the mojadarah were a lot better than I can do, and the falafel didn't have any of the typical pitfalls (well cooked, neither dry nor greasy). The falafel is fried in peanut oil, which I liked. It tastes different from grapeseed (lighter) and I might switch over to that if I ever make falafel again at home.We barely finished both plates. Portions were generous and if we hadn't been so hungry we might have taken some home. I wasn't crazy about the pita bread and we didn't eat more than a bite or two of that, but we finished off everything else. The garnishes were very good. In particular, the lebanese salad garnishing the mojadarah really improved the dish--it added a nice bit of acid, and we gobbled it up.The atmosphere is diner-ish but there are tables where you can sit outside. We'll definitely be going back when we want a cheapish veggie meal and are too lazy to cook.This would be a good place for groups--low stress environment to sit and chat a while with dinner.
3	I got the lamb plate that cost $12.95 while my friend got a pita pizza for $6.95.  She got a much bigger portion than me even if it's mostly pita and veggies.  My plate was just rice, garlic sauce, and lamb.  For $13/plate, at least load it with tons of rice.  It was decent but I didn't think it was great.  I also got their chicken chili.  It was pretty good.  Lots of beans and a decent amount of chili.  A little bit more of the soup it would have been perfect.I do love their fresh fruit smoothies.  Their menu is a bit confusing but their fresh fruit smoothie is a blend of bunch of fruits and goes for $1.99.  It has to be the best tasting mix fruit smoothie i've tasted.  Good price too.  I also had their cookie dough cheesecake.  It was fantastic.  Would like a bit more cookie dough though.Waitress was pretty nice.  Overall, I'd give this place another shot with another dish.
4	Yeah its a chain, but it has an independently owned quality to it.  Friendly staff.
3	This was my first mediterranean food experience in pittsburgh.  My friend and I arrived at this restaurant (two doors away from Rita's), not really expecting much.  Its decor is Cheesecake Factory-esque, and even the menus were bound with the same type of plastic coil used for the menus at Cheesecake.  Anyways, getting to the service...Our waitress WREAKED OF SMOKE when she came up to pick up our appetizer dish; apparently she had gotten a ciggie in between our dishes, along with a slight headwind.  However, she was a nice waitress, and was very responsive in refilling our drinks when we were running low.  We were seated towards the back of the restaurant, in the awkward corridor between the main dining room and the restroom.  Frankly, I don't think that they should even have tables there....it definitely has that secondary priority feel to it.We ordered a hummus+pita appetizer, along with their beef kafka and combination signature plates. The hummus had an overbearingly nutty taste to it, which, although not too bad, was quite a surprise to my taste buds.  The beef kafka were all slightly charred on the outside.  Not charred that it gave distinctive texture to the meat, but charred as in I could taste burn chips.  They had obviously left it cooking for too long, and I could tell also because the meat could have been juicier.All in all, because of its convenient location, I would probably come back if i craved mediterranean food, but in the meantime, I'll be seeking other places to try out.
4	It's pretty good. It has a nice decor, good food and delicious baklava.
4	Apparently they used to wheel Aladdin round in a cart, and he'd say can I have one of these, one of these, and one of these for dinner, and point at everything he saw. That's where the expression "Ala Cart" came from. ;)Good middle eastern food in Pittsburgh - two locations - nom nom nom.Well this is pretty delicious, excllent Kofte Kebab.They're pretty cheap, which is good, and I enjoyed it thoroughly. I'll have to try some other things, but Kofte is my go to dish and they make a good one, not the best I've ever had but good. Bear in mind there is also one of these in Squirrel Hill, and others in nearby towns (I think there are one or two in Ohio too). But as for their food, I'm impressed, now leave me alone and let me think of the names of at least 35 of Ali Baba's 40 thieves.
2	2.5Meh. The food was good but not impressive. Service was slow, portions were a bit on the small side but I've got a big appetite so take that however you may. JB and I may return but I doubt it, there are a lot of great places in the vicinity.
4	I've heard a lot of people speculating on the authenticity of Aladdin's. I'm not that familiar with Middle Eastern food but everything I've eaten from Aladdin's has been delicious.The service has always been great too. It's never been slow or inattentive. My only complaint is I wish they'd give you some complimentary hummus to go with that plain pita they serve every meal. I guess it's a way to get you to order hummus as a starter; you can't say no when there's pita in front of you!Their fruit smoothie is smooth and sweet without being overbearing, the inclusion of honey is a nice touch, giving it a bit of added depth.While I cannot comment on the authenticity of their entrees I can say that their desserts are not authentic at all. At the entrance, behind a glass display, are a variety of yummy looking cakes. I'm not one to balk at cake but I wish the display was filled with baklava, jalibeh, and a bunch of other Middle Eastern desserts to fit with the restaurant better.Authenticity aside, I can at least say they do better than most Chinese restaurants do when it comes to representing their country's cuisine.
3	I had Jasmine's Favorite with lamb which is a rice dish and shared some Baba as an appetizer. I enjoyed it as I do most Middle Eastern restaurants. I don't think there is anything special. Portion size is pretty average as well.I was dining with an Egyptian immigrant and his wife who travel back to the Middle East so I assume the the food is authentic.
4	Hummus chicken plate and a honeymooner! After a funfilled Gluttonous, and overindulging weekend of Nachos, Mac n' Cheese, Martinis and hot dogs I needed a break! The best thing about Aladdin's is that it's not like I have to compromise on taste and turn into a cow chewing some cud. This place has delicious AND healthy selections! When HB asked me to dine I said "Only if we can eat at Aladdin's my gut needs a hiatus from the unhealthy choices I made all weekend." I have been doing the awesome onesome for quick lunches here for Years!These are my favorites!The fresh squeezed natural Juices! You can do fruit smoothies or Raw juice combos! I don't drink coffee I opt for Raw Juices, some people get their caffeine fix to give them a boost. I'm already way too hyper so I get my energy kick from the Honeymooner! Carrot, Grape, and Cucumber Juices. I ask for it light on Carrot with an overdose of Cucumber.For a soupy choice try the Len-Chili, half veggie chili and lentil soup. If you are partial to paring add the Almond salad. Fresh mixed greens, mushrooms, cucumbers, sprouts, roasted almonds! The dressing is also AMAZING, light and yogurty. It has a fantastic flavor.If in the mood for something a little heavier try the Jaffar's Pitza. It's really good. Veggie chili topped with cheddar cheese and tahini yogurt dressing.For an Entree hummus is plentiful in the hummus chicken plate, Chicken Mishwi, diced tomato, and parsley. Pita on the side. The chicken is always moist, slighty charred, and smokey but with the bean spread and fresh tomato mix on a pita I feel good about what I am consuming. Everything is always verdant! Watch Out for the desserts. On my way out I always cover my eyes because the gourmet cakes start pounding on the display case doors asking for a ride to my fridge.
4	Aladdin's is great for a quick lunch or dinner.  I love the vegetarian-friendly menu, the extensive list of appetizers, and the generous glasses of wine!I always get the humos and pita, usually followed by a wrap or pitza.  Last time I had the falafel pitza, which was absolutely delicious. Service was great, portions are reasonable for the price, and I will definitely be back.
4	I really like this place. I like their pitza, but I usually go with the falafel salad.
4	I really enjoy this food. The atmosphere is like a chain restaurant, but they serve wine and desserts that make it worth it. I like the lamb rolled, their garlic sauce, the tabbouleh and the house salad. YUM
3	I usually go the Aladdin's on McKnight Road, which I would give 5-stars to in a heartbeat, but I'm not as a impressed with the one in Squirrel Hill.  The food was still just as good--you MUST get the hummus and I recommend any of the pitzas--but the service is absolutely terrible every time.The worst was when I stopped in for lunch with a friend passing through the 'Burgh for just two hours during a cross-country roadtrip, and it took an hour to be served just a plate of hummus.  The small patio was full and maybe a four tables were being used inside, but plenty of staff walked around.  Our waiter took our drink orders (water) and our appetizer order (hummus), and then my friend asked for an entree recommendation.  He suggested the lamb wrap or salad, and my friend said she'd decide when he came back.  Then: 10 minutes for  drinks (fine) and 20 more for the hummus, with a different server each time.  No one stopped to take our entree orders.  We tried flagging down one of our now three servers without luck.  Finally, the second server brought the check after an hour total.  We didn't have enough time to wait for a manager to complain.  This may have been the worse service I've received in Pittsburgh ever...the staff looks to be made entirely of young undergrads.
3	Aladdin's is a franchise with almost 30 locations in a few different states.  Still, as evidenced by all the accolades on the wall, the food is better than what you'd expect from a chain.  My boyfriend grew up eating at Aladdin's in Cleveland with his family, so he was excited to have a location near our apartment in Pittsburgh.  He came home the other day raving about their spicy kafta rolled pita, so when we needed a quick dinner on Saturday night, we decided to turn to them for takeout.They have very convenient online ordering, which was great, and there is no fee for it.  You get a free hummus with your first online order, so that was delightful.  The only thing to remember is that after your first online order, you have to call the restaurant and confirm it - you just need to do it the first time, I guess so they can make sure you are a real person or something.  They told us to be there to pick up the food in 20.We were there on time and our food was ready.  We had our free hummus, some falafel, a lentil soup, the chicken sambusek, and the Mediterranean lamb.  We were hungry, as you can see.  Everything was clearly well-made and very flavorful - the only downside was that none of it was....warm.  I think the food might've been ready about 10 minutes before we picked it up.  So I guess I'd wish they'd been a little more accurate in their estimate of how long the food would take to cook.Besides the temperature, the food was really tasty.  The falafel had great flavor, though it wasn't quite as soft on the inside and crispy on the outside as I'd have liked (Sababa's falafel is still my ideal!)  The lentil soup was very mild, but restorative.  It was so fresh, light, and lovely.  My boyfriend wasn't a big fan of the hummus - I'm not sure what it was that bothered him, maybe the stronger tahini taste?  I thought it was fine though.The chicken samusek was really interesting - flavorful, almost smoky chicken wrapped in a pita.  The lamb was delicious also, served over the most lovely cinnamon rice.  But again, the temperature - it affected the taste and the texture of the meat.  Sigh.I really think this is a 4-star place, we just had a 3-star experience this one time.  I'm sure we'll order from there again and maybe we'll show up early to pick up our food, or dine-in!
5	I live in Nashville currently, but I am originally from Pittsburgh and make a point to eat at Aladdin's every time I come back to visit.  Aladdin's is, by far, my favorite restaurant ever and I could literally eat there every day for the rest of my life and not get sick of it!  The menu is full of a variety of flavorful, creative, inexpensive, HEALTHY foods, many of which are vegetarian.  They offer everything from salads and soups to wraps and pita pizzas to full dishes.  Their hummus and pita is a must for an appetizer, and they boast some of the best falafel I've ever eaten (and I'm a falafel freak).  The smoothies and desserts are also excellent, so I suggest going more than once to get a taste of the incredibly selection they have!
2	So tonight was the second time I went to Aladdin's and all I gotta say is all I ever get is bland bland bland. Tonight I ate a greek chicken salad and there was nothing special about it at all. Maybe I should have ordered something better. Maybe it's just an underwhelming franchise.
3	I got the falafel pitza (pizza), a lamb pita roll-up, and a ground beef pita roll-up. I enjoyed the falafel pizza the most out of the 3 items. The falafel was tasty. The ground beef pita roll up was good, but if you do not like curry, I would avoid this. The lamb pita was kind of bland, and there was not much lamb at all. About $20 for all the food, and it was pretty filling for two people. So, definitely some highlights and lowlights.
3	I definitely do not come here for the attention from the hostess (nonexistent) service (where is our waiter?) or ambiance (5 out of 10 for cleanliness).  But the vegetarian platter and tabbouleh are super!  I crave the tabbouleh and babaganoush (nice and smokey)!  Hit or miss on the baklava.
3	Okay
4	Great healthy place to go if you are in a hurry.  Service is quick and food is great.  Can't go wrong with the Lentil soup, any of the salads and the hummus is very good.
4	Aladdin's is a chain that manages to feel like a visit to your adoring Mediterranean grandmothers table for dinner.  Every time I've been the food is fresh and completely home made.  Delicious flavors, huge menu, huge portions, reasonable pricing, nice atmosphere and some of the most sinful desserts I've ever seen (It's hard not to lick the glass shielding the cakes on display as you walk in).My only knock against them is the majority of the food tends to be heavier than you'd expect, so expect "Mediterranean soul food" and expect a pleasant coma afterwards!  Good to be aware of, but certainly nothing to stop me from gladly coming back!
5	The Meditteranean Lamb was excellent.  I really enjoyed both the garlic sauce and the yogart on the side.
3	After a double feature Sunday afternoon at The Manor Theatre, my best friend and I went for our usual dinner prowl.  We considered Indian, but it was a little far to walk, and then basically tossed a coin between Aladdin's and the Bangkok Balcony. Aladdin's won.The interior atmosphere was huge and very pleasant, and the staff was actually very nice and accommodating.The menu was pretty extensive, offering a lot of pita rolls, salads, soups, appetizers, entrees, and dinners, ranging from vegetarian to unusual, to the usual Middle-Eastern fare.I ordered a Diet Coke, and my friend ordered the Pomegranate Green tea.  According to her, the tea was not only delicious, but incredibly fragrant.For our dinners, we each ordered a variation on one dish, so we could try them both. They involved a plate of hummous topped with meat (I had chicken, she had beef) with some bits of tomato and parsley, with a basket of Pita on the side.  We also ordered a side of the rice vermicelli with pine nuts just to check it out.The chicken was ok, lightly seasoned chicken thigh, cut into very small cubes. The beef was more seasoned and flavorful, and in bigger strips.I can't say that I was very impressed with their self-proclaimed 'famous' hummous. No garlic, no lemon, no olive oil flavors at all. Just chick peas and tahini, that's all that could be tasted, and it was a BIG plate of it.The pita was fine, and actually came abundantly enough to cover the ginormous portion of hummous.The rice and vermicelli was adequate. Tasty, but not spectacular, and the pine nuts lingered with me for the rest of the evening.I didn't realize that Aladdin's was a chain, or we might have thought twice about it.  I can't say it was awful, but I certainly can't praise it. I've definitely had more taste bud tripping Middle-Eastern food.  We were also kind of surprised to learn that they don't have any kind of Arabic or Turkish coffee on the beverage menu. Huh?Now I know we didn't branch out much with choices from the menu, but to me, if something as basic a Middle-Eastern staple as hummous doesn't come with much flavor, I'd actually be concerned about ordering other 'typical' dishes.The bill came to just over $30 for the basic meal we had, and overall, I was not impressed enough to go a second time.  The space is pretty, the staff is uber-friendly (and the two Middle-Eastern guys sitting across from us were absolutely delicious to look at during the meal) but the prices were a little high for the product, and the product just didn't hit the spot as fulfilling.  Ali-Baba on Craig Street has a more limited menu - but the flavors are far better.
3	I've been to Aladdin's twice.  Once for lunch on a Sunday and once for dinner on a Saturday.When I was there on Sunday, I felt like I wasn't trendy enough to be eating there.  The diners around me were all dressed to the nines and seemed like they were trying to outdo each other in the amount of designer gear they were wearing and stories about their adventures from the night before.  We were seated right away and seemed to have just beat the rush as about a half an hour later, every single table was packed.  Our food was good but nothing to write home about.  Service was decent but not the best.The second time I went with a part of four around 5:30 on a Saturday evening.  Once again it appeared we just early enough to beat the dinner rush.  The vegetarian appetizer was tasty but filling.  I almost didn't have room for my entree. I ordered the "honeymoon" juice which featured carrots, cucumber and grapes.  The strongest flavor was the cucumber which was fine by me since it is one of my favorite vegetables.My entree was the jasmine rice with beef.  It was flavorful and the beef was tender although I preferred the taste after I added the hot sauce that was provided on the side.  Service was pretty good and drinks were quickly refilled.  My complaint from this visit was that it was really hot in the restaurant.   It was 90+ degrees that day, but it felt like the air conditioning wasn't on (or if it was, it wasn't working properly).  By the end of our meal, it seemed as if it had finally kicked on.Overall, the food was decent and I had an enjoyable experience but I'll probably try other places in the area before I return to Alladin's again.
4	The selection of Mediterranean foods is very good as is the service.  My lamb on rice dish was excellent.  My wife had the falafel salad which she enjoyed.  I would definitely go back to try other things.
4	Overall I really enjoy Aladdin's. As many people have mentioned, plenty of food options for vegetarians and gluten-free eaters. But the meat options are great as well. The Flavor Savor special is a great deal at under $10 for beef, chicken, salad, hummus, falafel, and pita. My only real complaint is that the service can be a little slow. I suppose this means the food is made fresh which is good, but often the wait seems excessive. However, everyone is very friendly.
4	Get the fattoush with chicken!!! I have now been to this eatery a total of 4 times and I have enjoyed each and every visit.  My only complaint is that the safhi that I had ordered as an appetizer the meat was a little dry. It still tasted wonderful but the meat seemed like it was reheated....Great trendy atmosphere and heala good food yumm-oThe vegetable salata at Aladdin's is to die for.
5	Aladdin's is an awesome chain restaurant that serves up high-quality Middle Eastern fare at relatively inexpensive prices.  The food comes out fast, is fresh, quite delicious, and will leave you extremely satisfied.  You certainly cannot go wrong with some Hummus or the Falafel Rolled.  These dishes tend to be my go to items and never fail to disappoint.  Leave room for the dessert as the selection of cakes is actually extensive and tend to all be excellent.
4	Aladdin's is casual and offers affordable food. I tend to be boring with my choices at Aladdin's since I order the same thing- quality is consistent - but I always enjoy their kaftas and kabobs so I typically order the Flavor Special or their Shish Kabob plate with garlic sauce (I tend to find their tahini yogurt dressing lacking any punch). LOVE their garlic sauce but just make sure you're not going to kiss anyone afterwards as it is potent but oh just so garlicky deliciousness!
5	I almost don't want to tell you about Aladdin's bc this place is busy enough as it is!I've hit several middle eastern restaurants in Pittsburgh...Kassab's, Nellie's, Med Grill, ordered from Shiraz...  Everyone says that the nearby Med Grill is better but I disagree, it just never does it for me.Aladdin's is my hands down favorite, and it's my favorite because it has remained consistently great across multiple locations for several years!  It sucks when you find a menu item at restaurant you love so much you look forward to ordering it every time you dine there, and then...the food changes.  It's like they've rick rolled the menu.  Aladdins and I have known each other for so long and they've never let me down!  (that was so lame.  I am so sorry)Aladdin's is a mini chain, they have locations in Mt Lebanon, Sq Hill, and the North Hills.  The decor is the same across all the restaurants, it's simple, warm, and inviting.  This is a casual restaurant you could bring a date to, or the family--if your kids will eat hummus.  Aladdin's has my favorite hummus.  I LOVE hummus.  I'm always trying to make my own hummus taste like Aladdin's but it just never works.  All of their smoothies are great, and they are blended fresh upon order--as in "We are cutting up the bananas for you now!" fresh, no mixes here!There's something for everyone on the menu, even the person who hates middle eastern food (just have them order one of the pizzas, or the chicken salad.  the chicken salad is really great).I have alot of friends who are vegetarian, and several that have issues with gluten and Aladdin's is one of those restaurants where everyone is happy and accommodated.Here are MY personal favorite menu items:the hummusthe tabboulehthe Diwali rollthe falaffel rollthe schwarma salad--this is what i usually order.  its an excellent salad with steak on it.  it's delicious!The desserts are incredible, when you walk into Aladdin's your def going to notice the cakes under the register.  I've never had the dessert there, I don't have much of a sweet tooth, but they look amazing!
4	I would rate this as better than average middle eastern food. Our food came out fast, hot, and fresh. We BYOBed, had an appetizer, and two main courses, and our tab was less than $40. We will definitely go back!
3	Very mixed review. First, the menu turns me on. I love Mideastern food, and especially love Mideastern vegetarian fare. The menu has tons of things I love to eat, so I have lots and lots of reasons to go back. My boy friend is just opening up to the cuisine, and I really hoped this place would wow him. It could have, but instead just - ummm - "not bad"-ed him. More on that soon.The service was great. For a casual place, way out of the park. The waitress was on spot from the get go. Loved her. When the boy friend spilled an entire iced tea, her coworker came running to help and they both smoothed it over and cleaned up the mess. They even let him have another tea, even though I voted to cut him off since he'd clearly had enough.So why three stars? Some real bizarreness on their part. We both had soups, which we loved. I had a wrap, which was great. The hot stuff hot, the cold stuff cold, and everything delicious. He had a sampler with salad, rice, and three kinds of grilled meat. Which was great, except the rice was cold. Not warm, cold. Like grandma sat it outside in the snow cold. He immediately let her know, no problem she'll get hot rice. They just made it fresh. She just as quickly came back and said they would have to microwave it, there would be no fresh order of rice. He wasn't into the idea of microwaved salad and meat, nor the idea of someone picking his plate apart for him to microwave rice, which doesn't taste the best microwaved anyhow. He said never mind forget it. She wasn't liking that idea, kudos to her. She went to the kitchen and got a manager to pry the rice away from whoever was being so cranky about it, and brought it out a few minutes later.Yay! Fresh, cold rice. No joke, after she went to all that work to make his order perfect, they sent out cold rice a second time. He wasn't eating it so I stuck my finger in it to see - yeah, about the temperature of my carrot juice. Cool. Not warm. Not very appetizing, and not even a safe temperature to keep food. Silly thing to get wrong twice, I think. So aside from that, I was very, very happy with the place, and want to go back. I hope they'll earn back that last star.
4	This place was good... All the food was fresh and a fast served ! The vegan appetizer platter was my fave! And had the taste of true middle Eastern food! I have truly grow a love for this place !
2	Have always enjoyed the Mediterranean food and very quick service here. However, the past two times my boyfriend and I have been to Aladdin's it has been bad news!Several months ago we were eating dessert and in the middle of the German chocolate cake we were sharing, we found a big green spot of mold!  So this means that the cake was old and/or stored at an incorrect temperature... gross either way.  The manager took the dessert off our bill and that was it.. no offer to discount the check, etc.  Think about it, we ate half of a piece of moldy cake that you served us.. not charging us for the cake is a  NO BRAINER.. but what are you going to do as a way of making this better? They did nothing and I don't like to make a scene so I let it go.A couple nights ago, recovered from the mold incident, we tried Aladdin's again.    But, my Kibbie was ice cold in the middle and had to be sent back.  It disrupted our meal and was an overall bad time.  Again,  no apology or offer to make it better.  I think management needs some retraining on how to make someone's bad experience OK again.  We have learned our lesson this time and won't be back; which is a shame because we used to really love it there.
5	The extra star for having the balls to post their nutrition information online.  Food and service still very good if not excellent.
5	I have been eating at the restaurant for years! This is definitely one of my favorite restaurants of all time. Staff is very friendly, and the service is great even when it's crowded. I love the Baba Ganoush. Aladdin's Eatery is the only restaurant where I will order this dish. You have to try it. The Tabouli is amazing too, and you should try it with feta cheese. The Shis kabob Salad is a great choice as an entree. When visiting Pittsburgh, this restaurant is definitely a must.
3	Keep it healthy, Pittsburgh! Great veggie juices, good salads...very flavorful !!  My partners favorite is the "Lebanese Salata". It's a vegetarian salad, so I went for one of the grilled chicken salads and it was really savory and fresh.
5	One of my favorite places to eat near CMU campus. Highly recommend the Rolled Pitas. The ones I had are the Hummus Falafel, Aladdin's Kabob, Beef Shawarma, and Beef Kafta Rolled. They were all delicious. The rolls come with pickled turnips and greens which gives it a nice sour crunch. I also recommend the Flavor Savor Special. The plate is large and you can get a taste of a variety of things they offer in their rolls. Their smoothies also taste great, although a little small and expensive.As for desserts, the only thing I tried were the boxed cookies they sell near the register. The pistachio ones are heaven. They're great to buy as a present for a friend :)Overall love this place. Friendly staff, great food and atmosphere.
3	This place was nice as far as decor and surroundings but it didn't leave me with the impression that its somewhere I'd frequent. I've been to several Greek restaurants and although this one has the biggest menu I wasn't too excited about any one dish.When we were seated our waiter Tyler who was a great sport during our request for extra items. He was patient and played along with us as we joked. We ordered a lot of food just to see what different flavor they had to offer.We order grape leaves, baba ganoush, two salads one with falafel and one aladdin salad and some kind of heart shaped pastry dish. I forget the name of it though. So my sister order the heart shaped dish and then decided she didn't want to eat it in order to save room for her salad. The eggplant dip aka baba was not as creamy as hummus  but was more like cottage cheese with a little crunch to it. It was just ok. The pita bread was served cool not warm or hot but cool. It lacked flavor and honestly tasted like bathroom paper towels. When our salads came I had a dressing that was their tahini yogurt. It had the consistency of sour cream and tasted very much like it. I couldn't use it on my salad though because it had absolutely no flavor. It went great with the falafel but just was not a good dressing for an already bland salad. Both salad only came with lettuce, tomatoes, and cheese. I asked for kalamata olives on my salad to add some flavor but my sisters was supposed to already have some. When our food came out. Her's was missing olives and i had a full container of them. She tried to take mine because hers didn't have them so we called the waiter over. Tyler told us that her salad was supposed to have olives but that the extra cup did belong with my plate. I paid $1 for those olives!! So he brings her back some olives but only put three on the salad. I was laughing so hard. You give her this huge salad but only 3 olives?? that's an insult to the salad.So back to my food. I switched out the yogurt for their balsamic vinaigrette which i told i wouldn't be charged for but when the bill came I seen it on there. I didn't make a complaint about $.65 cents but its the principle. After a $38 bill and a meal leaving you wondering if you ate enough. It's unlikely i'll come back anytime soon.
4	I love meeting friends here for lunch. The hummus is creamy and delicious, and has the perfect amount of olive oil for a smooth finish.The stuffed wraps are delicious. I love the curry wrap as well as a stuffed falafel wrap. The falafel is always crispy and hot. It's great on a salad as well.
2	I do not understand the other reviews.We got excited because we heard this place had the same owner as a delicious upscale Lebanese place in Cleveland that we love with fresh, puffy pitas, fluffy rice and lovely smokey baba ganoush.This is some of the worst middle eastern food that I have ever had. What wasn't critically overcooked was over-vinagered and over-lemoned. The baba ganoush tasted like it came from a can, the pitas are pre-packaged (like everywhere in Squirrel Hill). The server, while very nice, did not know a thing about middle eastern food and couldn't answer any of our questions about the menu. Frankly, I can't explain why I even gave it a second star, except that I'm feeling generous.It is also not a nice place to sit, unless you enjoy the feeling of dining inside a convenience store.
5	Excellent pockets but I wouldn't have the baklava cheesecake again. Stick to the more regular types.
4	This is one of the few chain restaurants I enjoy going to for dinner.  Their vegetarian appetizer platter is fantastic.  Delicious hummus, baba ganoush, grape leaves, felafel and fresh warm pita bread.  Its also such a large plate that one person could almost make a whole meal out of it.  We had the skewer combo for an entree.  It came with grilled chicken, beef and some kind of delicious stuffed sausage.  The grilled meats were served on top of rice.    The only part that left us kind of underwhelmed was the dessert.  The server showed us the options and pointed to a peanut butter cake, that ended up just being sheet cake with peanuts on top, no peanut butter to be found :-(.  One of the least exciting slices of cake I have had in a while!  Oh well, we will try again next time.  Overall though, this is a great restaurant.  We will certainly be back!
3	Uh I am just gonna give this place an ok review. I am not on yelp to try and  be the next new community manager poster child. I am here to write something honest  in the hopes it helps someone else.Tally-ho....  I ate here with a large group --- we were late trickled in in groups I know this is annoying. But I sat for 40 min without being asked if I needed any water or if I wanted to order.I got the lamb plate it was not memorable. Flavors are just ok a little bland on the spices for my taste. I would say the same about the hummus. Too chain for me. Then as our check arrived we were told it could only be split 6 ways no matter what. This would have been helpful to know before I ordered. So you see this is a gracious 3 Starer. Bon appetit
4	Carla and I have eaten here several times, and we're always pleased. Their falafel wrap is wonderful - a definite must have. When then weather was cold, their warm lentil soup was also a great treat. Aladdin's is definitely our go-to place for Mediterranean food in the 'Burgh. Order online and pick some up on your way home, too, since the food also travels well.
3	Not bad, just not great, either.I ordered the Tabouli Pocket, which was advertised on the menu as a pita filled with tabouli.  I wish they had had a photo because what I got was not what I envisioned.  My appetitie was light at dinner time as I had a large lunch so thought it would be a simple pita filled with tabouli.  It was a HUGE, GIGANTIC pita (never seen anything like it) filled with tabouli with lettuce underneath.  Not something you pick up and eat.  So I proceeded to eat with a fork.  The tabouli itself -- I've had others I liked better.  Anyway, I'll try again another time.  The menu options are plenty and the prices reasonable.
5	I love Aladdins in Sq. Hill for two reasons: the food and the staff. The food at aladdin's is amazing- delicious and healthy.  The wait staff is always helpful and enthusiastic- especially Eva and Rachel. Start with a fresh fruit smoothie- made to order and always awesome. The flavor savor special is a great deal. The Greek chicken salad, the mujadara plate, and the curry chicken rolled are all delicious and worth getting. Don't forget hummus with the hot sauce- so good. Also the house made garlic sauce is off the chain delicious! Desserts at Aladdins are also great- the Burma baklava is awesome BUT if they have carrot cake- get a piece- you'll thank me.The management at Aladdins is also worthy of praise- Shireen has a keen attention to detail and is very compassionate both with guests and her servers. Thanks for all the great meals!
4	I've been an Aladdin's fan for years.  All of their locations are fantastic.  For seating, I guess I would prefer the Mt Lebo location, but Squirrel Hill has a lot more space. I got the baba falafel rolled with a side salad.  The side salad was much larger than I remember and had the cucumber-tomato salad on it as well with feta.  It was a very good salad for very little money ($2.25).  The pita was perfect with crunchy pickled vegetables and crispy falafel balls.  The baba is nicely smoky.  The only thing that caused the 4 instead of 5 stars was the rasberry sunshine smoothie.  It was lacking a bit in taste which is surprising when it was definitely full of flavorful items.
4	I have been several times to Aladdin's and I have never been disappointed.  The service is fast and professional while the food is delicious and always fresh.  My absolute favorite is the tabouleh salad while their rolls are also great, with a preference on the beef kafta roll.  The venue is also big so there is rarely any waiting associated. I am pretty sure there are many more times to experience the food there for me :)
5	Aladdin's is just a solid restaurant. The menu is extensive, it's quick, the wait staff is friendly, and I am never disappointed with my meal. They use very fresh, high quality ingredients. Their baba ganouj and falafel are some of the best I've tried! The falafel is perfectly crispy and fresh, not overdone. I often go here for takeout because they are so quick and reliable. If I do takeout I usually get a rolled pita with hummus or baba and tabouli. My parents love this place as well. My only slight complaint is that sometimes it is a little cold with the AC, but I just have to remember to take a sweater and then I'm fine. The outside seating is also very nice on a summer day!
5	I want to give this restaurant 5 stars because everything was perfect! The food, the service and cleanliness. I ordered hummus, curry chicken pita wrap and Alladin Favourite platter.  The wrap was just excellent with very complex flavors. Its a must must try. It as priced at $4.50, which is great. I liked it so much that I got 2 wraps to go as well :)  The hummus was creamy and smooth. The platter was good but I would not say excellent because the chicken pieces had dried out a bit, but I wont complain as chicken sometimes gets a little dry. The service was prompt and our servers were very courteous. I will definitely go back and try more things n the menu.
4	This has got to be one of my favorite places to eat. They have a great vegan menu and everything is marked so you know what's vegan/vegetarian/not. The food is great too! I've had the humus falafel rolled pita and the tabouli salad pocket, which is literally a salad in a pita so be prepared when you see it. I was surprised when I saw it, and I didn't know the best way to eat it. If you have a hankering for middle eastern food or are vegetarian/vegan come here.
4	I've been to the Aladdin's in Mt Lebo and the North Hills and been totally unimpressed.  When my friend wanted to come here, I was over it.  However, this Aladdin's was a good experience.I ordered a falafel wrap ($8.31 with tax) since I had previously been unimpressed with options including meat.  The wrap was awesome.  The falafel was delicious and hot, and it was balanced well.  In Pittsburgh, this is probably the best falafel you can get.  The hummus was also amazing, and I could probably eat it with just a spoon.Overall, a good place for lunch in Squirrel Hill.
1	I usually love Aladdin's but today it was unbelievably awful. I will go back again and hope things have changed. For starters they charged me twice for tea (4.50) b/c they gave me a second tea bag. Had I known that it would cost me an additional 2.25 for a single bag of cheap tea I would not have ordered it. The least the waitress could have done is have told me that my "free refill" was not, in fact, free. Also, the tuna in the grilled tuna salad was disgustingly fishy and overcooked. I usually order something different (the mishwi or lamb salad) so I am unsure if this is how it usually is but also the fact that no one seemed willing to fix the issue makes it far worse. I told the waitress that she should have told me about the extra charges and her answer was that I was correct about her having to tell me but that she didn't and basically that sucks for me. No answer on the fish. I have been a long time customer and am sorely irritated that I was treated this way.
3	This is another time when I wish Yelp's rating system would allow half stars.  I'd gladly bump up my review to 3.5.  Believe me, places like Aladdin's serve a need.Like last night (December 23rd).  I came home from work.  I was all done with Christmas shopping.  I was tired from all this Holiday michigas.  Husband Rick was out doing the last of his Christmas shopping.  I thought, "What better time to order some take-out, plop my butt down on the couch, and eat while watching some TV?".  Hey, TBS shows "Seinfeld" reruns during dinner time!So I had me some Len-Chili soup--chili with lentils-for a starter.  For my main course I ordered the Chicken Sambusek Plate:  a pita with curry chicken, onions, peas, and spices.  My sides included mixed green veggies, tomatoes, mushrooms, and olives.All in all, it was a good way to chow down after tying my hair up and slipping into my comfy old sweatpants.
4	The Loubie Bzeit appetizer and the Hommos Pocket are both very delicious. Definitely recommend for vegetarians.
