4	We played this course on a  Friday and was impressed at the price ($36 on Golfnow.com) and the speed of the course.  It backed up a few holes, but for the most part it moved along well for a Friday.This is a desert style course with dirt and brush bushes for the OB.  I haven't played much golf in LV but for $36 it was a great deal.  The fairways and greens were well kept, the cart girl came around often, and no one said anything about the beers that we brought ourselves.Definitely worth a recommendation, but make sure to look around online to get a good deal.
4	I went here last night for a wedding and it was beautifully done. The decorations were tasteful and the service was great! Our table never went without ice tea or water... the waitresses would constantly come around and fill us up.While they were waiting for other guests to show up they had cheese, fruit,and crackers to munch on. The meal was buffet style that had fresh salad with a lot of options. There were mushrooms, cheese, cherry tomatoes,cucumbers, croutons and pepperchinis. Last night was the first time I've tried pepperchini's on salad ..it's soo good! They also had mixed vegetables, rolls, garlic Parmesan mashed potatoes, garlic chicken and roast beef. The food tasted like it was good quality and thoughtfully prepared. The only thing is it's out in the middle of nowhere. When you look at the surrounding area it doesn't look like there would be a golf course there.
1	the first time I went here It was 115 degrees outside so I just thought it was the heat that amplified my disappointment in this place...   while 35 for this course was not a bad price at all, i wont be returning after this round... the weather was great, I was primed and ready for a great round....  that being said, I put my 3 iron perfect right down the middle of the first fairway on the desert course...    and then, i hit off of the fairway..... It felt like I was hitting off of the cart path.... or concrete... it was terrible...  this course is really not well kept at all, the starter backed up one of the courses for tee off close to a half hour... it was a terrible mess....  after an errant tee shot on one of the holes i went over to the other fairway to get my ball only to see someone pick up my ball and pocket it... terrible golf etiquette... another gentlemen advised me that they were members and wouldnt do that...   just an overall bad experience.... avoid this one yelpers.... its not a good place....
3	I really enjoyed playing this course, even knowing green aerification was in progress and we played alternate greens on the front 9 holes. Course was challenging and the cart lady came around often. The only downside was the poor service from the pro shop personnel. Had to drag basic information out of them - like "Where is hole 1". Also, paying $5 for 25 range balls... really? I wasn't buying them, I just wanted to hit them at the range then go play. If you get a great rate, I'd say play here, otherwise go to nearby Tuscany for a better experience.
3	I was on the golf team in high school when I could golf for free.  I just can't afford all these fancy golf course fees.  No offense to Black Mountain but it's not fancy and I can afford it.  The green fees are between $20 and $35 depending on when you go.  That's 18 holes and a cart for one person.  Worth it!  I stopped in the pro shop for a burger on the turn and it was pretty good actually.  If you're looking for cheap golf, this is one of the places to go!
1	It is very bad course.
4	CHEAP GOLF AND CHEAP FOOD!I have a long history at Black Mountain with it being the Zone champion site for high school women's golf. I recently played it after many years. The course is not as well kept as I remember, but hey, for $25 for locals on a weekday what do you expect? I'm being generous with my extra star because the staff is delightful and so is the restaurant. The course itself is definitely a 3 star. Some of the greens are like concrete. However, if you are looking for a low key place to play for super cheap this is your place. They had a good beer selection. The BLT and fries after the round were super delicious and for only 5 bucks. Also we had some bloody marys before the round which were heavy on the alcohol.
1	My review comes not from personal golfing experience, but having had the worst possible customer service experience, maybe ever, with a "business".  I came across an ad online for the Black Mountain Golf and Country Club- they were seeking new bartenders, and bar staff for their Golf facility.  Upon noticing the ad, I drove to the facility itself to check it out (I live less than a mile away).  The golf course, while on the smaller side, appeared to be decently maintained and located conveniently to the Henderson community.  I am not a golfer, and I don't know many people who are, but I would assume when one is looking for a golf course or country club, they look for key features such as a nicely maintained landscape, decently sized clubhouse, and friendly staff.  One out of three, ain't bad, 'eh?The clubhouse for this facility was nothing terribly impressive.  The course itself seemed a tad on the "hard" side- meaning, for a golf course, I would imagine a softer green would be preferred.  However, the prices were reasonable for golf, particularly in Las Vegas, so that could be a bonus.  After my investigation, I called to speak to the director of Food and Beverage, and was directed to her extension by a young man who answered the phone, and referred to this director by the wrong first name.  Curious.  As a potential job candidate, one doesn't want to make a bad first impression by referring to the Manager by the wrong name!  Once I got in touch with the director/Manager, she was extremely rude.  I mean we're taking, beyond rude!  She claimed that they hadn't placed an ad online (which they had), and that they've had the same staff "for years", and no one is hiring anybody.  She kept telling me "I don't know where you got this information from...I don't do Craigslist" as if looking for a bartending job in the classified posts online was like the worst, most horrific thing that one could do!  Her tone and demeanor were rude, judgmental, and extremely off-putting.  I have to say, that for a golf course whose main positive feature is that they are "cheap", she had the attitude of a 5-star resort CEO, and the communication skills of a high school drop-out.  Based on terrible customer service alone, I would not recommend golfing at this facility.  There are a few other very nicely maintained courses in the Las Vegas area, with much friendlier staff, and affordable prices.
3	Every once and while I like to plan a secret half day from work to have some fun.  When you have a family with small children it's kind of hard to get out of the house.  I met up with some friends to play 18 holes.  I didn't realize that this place was pretty far away but not too far.  We set up a tee time on a Tuesday afternoon so it wasn't crowed at all.  The cool thing about Las Vegas is that you have so many golf courses and they are can be really affordable.  Well, Black Mountain is definitely affordable.  The course offer 3 sets of 9 holes.  When we went on of the sets were under construction.  Overall the course isn't the best course in all of Vegas but it was fun anyway.  Some of holes were challenging.  I am not the best golfer so they were all pretty much challenging.  You can't be the deal you get with this course.  If you are in the area or want to try a different course then you have to check Black Mountain golf course out.  Cheers!  Be careful with the greens as the grass is pretty hard.
2	I've played on this course many times.  I also run from time to time on its cart path, on cool nights when they desert moisture gets trapped in the trees.  It can be beautiful.  At times.  But since recent renovations have left it without much turf, that is less frequent.  It's a local golf course that's mostly desert.  There are three different courses.  But word from many who go all the time is that one of them is really worth playing.  So jockey for this course if you can.You'll probably get sand in your eyes just before pitching in that ESPN worthy hole in one.  But you know, what can you expect.  It's small and cheap.  And for that, it is what it is.
2	Nothing special about this course at all.  They made me ride and told me it was too difficult to walk, but it's a flat course and the tee boxes are close to each other.Greens are hard, dont hold anything.  Every hole is straight and flat, nothing really interesting going on.  Nothing too scenic either, you get great looks at run down houses that line the course.  I'd play elsewhere unless you really are on a budget.
1	I've played here 6 times now and I won't ever come back after my last experience. Pro's first. The green fee is dirt cheap. The bartenders are sweet and attentive, and the food is decent. The driving range is slightly above average. Cons. It's never good for a golf course to make the transition to "desert landscaping." They completely abandoned one of the 3 courses (without even cutting back the weeds or cleaning the trash) which makes the other two courses extremely busy and crowded. Not to mention it's a heavy retirement community so everyone seems to be grumpy since it's in a neighborhood and the members now have to play with the tourists and guests. That alone brings my rating to two stars. If the other 9 holes were still open it would be higher. Black Mountain receives a 1 star rating from me because the last time I played the crowded 18 holes they have left, one if the employees that wiped down carts and rented clubs out, accused us of misusing and intentionally damaging the clubs. He demanded that we go to the driving range so he can "examine" our drive. He being upset didn't bother me as much as a total lack of authority to step in and handle the situation. I think his name was Corey. Anyway, after reaching a point where a few choice and salty words from me and my party, the frustrated college kid took off on a cart (as fast as he could have gone angrily, which was quite humorous). Disclaimer: my group is predominately professionals on and off the course and we would do nothing to damage property. There are plenty of other courses in the Las Vegas area! Remember: you get what you pay for!
1	I went there for my sons wedding and had the worst experience with the customer service. The lady at the bar and the DJ were the only ones who did not seemed aggravated and ready to go home.  The set up coming in was very pretty but there were no snacks to munch on for the guests and the fly's were landing on everything! The chairs for the wedding on the outside were so flimsy and some were even cracked that my 105 pound butt almost fell through. I  am very, very, very, upset at the wedding planner. I have never met someone so rude in my entire life. She was telling people to shut up and to hurry along and at the rehearsal she made my kids feel like they were the biggest inconvenience and proceeded to tell them if they were not an hour early that she wouldn't have this wedding. Who says those sort of things to not only people who have paid for a wedding but to the actual people getting married. My kids were so stressed that the lady was going to call off there wedding that I had to calm them down more than once. At the reception hall they had one server who was doing all the tables and it took forever just to get refill on water and when it came time to raise our glasses we had to wait till she got over to our table which she had skipped because we were doing pictures. The food I heard was good but being vegan they were suppose to have a few things but both of the salad dressings had cheese and the salad only had cherry tomatoes, cucumbers, and croutons. So it was veggies, dry salad, and some warm fruit. The cake was shoved in the corner so when we went to take pictures we were shoved in this little corner with at least 10 people trying to catch a picture of them eating it. For some reason they kept opening the doors to the reception hall and its 100 degree weather outside. some of us were so hot we couldn't even enjoy dancing. I was so over this place!! I would not recommend getting married here at all I have had better experience at a small chapel on the strip!
