4	My wife has been on a frozen yogurt trip this summer, so I get sucked into taking her to the local spots near our home. Of all the places we've tried, I like this one the best, better than Yogurtology (complete ripoff), and Golden Spoon. This joint is chic, clean, and cool, and the teeny-bopper employees are very friendly and happy to be alive & employed! Their product tastes the best of the other 3 mentioned places, and it's reasonably priced as well. It's over near Best Buy, Wendy's, in that Walmart shopping plaza between Raintree and Frank Lloyd Wright.
4	I would say Cherry on Top comes in at a close 2nd behind Yogurtland in our yogurt-quest. They have a nice variety of flavors and toppings, including a few unusual/exotic flavors like lychee and taro. I'm a big fan of their yogurt taste and texture. The people working there have always been friendly and helpful. Very clean and same standard pastel-y modern decor as every yogurt shop in existence.
5	I am a Yogurt fan, so any frozen yogurt place is great to me.  I like this place as they always seem to carry all my favorite flavors.  I love walking in and having so many options it is so hard to choose.  So I sometimes mix it up.  Smores with Peanut Butter Cup....  hmmmm  good.
3	Cute place.  I like the self serve concept, but the yogurt was so-so as far as taste and texture.  I settled on the peanut butter and it was decent.The employees were helpful and the price was right so I gave it 3 stars.
4	My family loves this place, we made it our Sunday tradition after our daughter afternoon nap we all go to Cherry on Top to get some yogurt. This guys always have new exiting new flavor, great toppings, including fresh fruit. I'm just not completely happy with their staff, usually not very friendly student, that looks like he is really not happy to be here on Sunday. I will give this place 5 stars when I see friendly, smiley face behind the counter.
5	I love this place. There are plenty of flavors and toppings to choose from when making your yogurt dreams come true. I love the cookies and cream yogurt with some finely chopped oreo cookies, coconut flakes and some white chocolate bits in the small cup when satisfying my sweet tooth. This place is cheaper than Yogurtology, 39 cents an ounce. The employees are friendly and helpful. They have ample seating inside and outside.
2	Gave this place a try, not my favorite yogurt place by any means. The tart here is just alright, it is on the creamy side, which is not my favorite, and the cookies and cream was very artificial in taste and also had a sugar alcohol aftertaste. Yucky. There is a good selection of toppings, but the fruit section is pretty sad looking. Fruit did not look very fresh. And the place is very bright inside with fluorescent lighting that made me want to get out very quickly even though the booths were pretty comfortable.
4	Like this place better than Golden Spoon. I sampled Cappuccino and Caramel; very good together. I ended up getting raspberry and cheesecake which was also good. The choices are standard (i.e. strawberry, raspberry, vanilla)I really like how they have a good selection for mix ins: from cookies to candy to mochi.  Also, the setup inside is really nice: lots of booths and tables outside. My only minor complaint is their cups are one size only and they're pretty big. Staff was very friendly and that bumped it up from 3 stars to 4.
1	I work and live in the area and thought this would be a great place to chill and enjoy a frozen treat... now that its been open a few months I have to admit that I was WRONG.The yogurt itself is mediocre and a bit pricey but at least the place itself is very comfortable and inviting (and always clean).  They have lost my business because the owner/manager is a very unpleasant "gentleman" who knows nothing about customer service.  He seems to delight in being mean to his young employees and then turns his bad attidude on his customers.  Overall,
4	have a great flavor of yoghurt. the taste is not common yoghurt taste (tart)they are more like a ice-cream flavor yoghurt, sweet and flavorful.the price seems high compare to other places.the address posted in yelp need to be change.
