4	Although this isn't on the strip, its a great place to stay if you are going to Vegas for a convention across the way or with a bunch of girlfriends or guy friends.They have suites which almost remind me of a townhouse...SO its perfect if you're going to Vegas to party and don't want to spend fortunes on your hotel since you barely spend time in the hotel anyhoo when in Vegas.  There's 2 bedroom suites which have two queen beds and a pull out.  A nice sized kitchen, and two bathrooms....The hotel always has breakfast in the morning and a complimentary type dinner/happy hour as well.  The breakfast isn't too bad, and its a hot breakfast, none of that muffin pastry donut stuff....The hotel itself is actually pretty close to the Wynn.  NOt quite walking distance in 110 degree weather but definitely not too bad at nite.
2	I've stayed here multiple times over the years. It used to be pretty good, but this time the hotel seemed pretty run down. The internet service was very spotty and the tech support wasn't very help at all when I called in for t heir help. The front door of my room was always jammed so I called the front desk to fix the problem. The first thing they told me was that there shouldn't be a problem and told me to recheck it. I said I already did and they finally sent a person to change the lock which took another day. Then I also reported that my shower didn't drain properly. That work was completed in the same day so that was a good thing.The free breakfast service lasted to 10am in the mornings, but if you come toward the last 15 to 20 minutes they take away some of the food and don't refill the rest like the scrambled eggs, yogurt, etc.On top of everything, my sister got her gold compact taken from the room. I reported it to the front desk and housekeeping, but they weren't able to help out.
1	This place is crap. The only good thing about is the proximity to the LV Convention Center. The rooms are old, outfitted with old furniture... and around convention times, they ass rape you with $300 to $400 rates. If you are desperate to stay within walking distance to the Convention Center, great... but if you don't mind walking a little further, fighting that long line for cabs, taking a shuttle bus (during CES and SEMA, it's offered), or paying $20 to park at the Hilton, do not stay at this joint. What a waste of real estate and money.
2	I selected this Residence Inn due to its proximity to our convention location. It was quite basic, and definitely inexpensive for the area. A room with a bed, a bathroom and a kitchen area. The layout of the property was a little unique; my room was at the back of the property and I had to wheel my bags a fair distance; thank you Samsonite spinners. The room was clean, but it also had an odd scent to it, like mildew. The breakfast was great, and the staff was attentive and relatively pleasant. I will note there were people hanging out outside my room at 5am on a Sunday morning. Meanwhile, the security guard was in the main office. Not exactly reassuring, but then again, I was coming in at 5 am myself. It was nothing great, but hard to complain.
3	Great location if you are working the trade show at a convention across the street. I have been using this hotel for 6 years now for that purpose.  We get a suite in the back that has three separate sleeping sections and a full kitchen.The downsides are we are way in the back so it is a little bit of a walk.  The interior is worn.  We had a water leak in the ceiling above the shower in the downstairs room... and I was thinking the ceiling would cave in at any time.  So yeah, not really luxury.  But workable right?Positives are that they have social hours (why have they cut back though?) on certain days when you grab some cheap food and beer or wine.  The breakfasts in the morning are fine with the waffles, potatoes, and sausages as well as oatmeal, bagels, yoghurts, etc.  Saves you a lot on time and money to eat there before heading across the street to the convention center.Service here is also good.  They will shop for you and supply groceries. W e stock up on lunch stuff when we first get in.  Then use the kitchen to make our lunches.  Saves a lot of money for a group of people as compared to spending $16 per for the crap food at the convention center, standing in lines, etc.  We also can eat healthier.They have a pool, bbq grill, jacuzzi, and laundry facilities.  None of which I have ever used.
2	We had to stay here because we needed a two bedroom, but did not want to spend that much money since we blew it already on a concert.  As all Residence Inns, there is a kitchenette for those that do not do the buffet thing.Staff is friendly.  Property looks like an apartment complex once you enter the parking area.  We got a second level room.  Climbing up the stairs was a little awkward.  It was not the most stable stairway I've been on, that's for sure.  A little maintenance would be good right about now.Pros: good location for the convention area, kitchenette, okay priceCons: needs some TLC
3	I suppose this place WOULD be cool, the rooms are clean and surprisingly large, but unfortunately for them (and me), the water went out for 50% of my 29 day stay, not cool residence inn... Not cool at all.Free dinner on Wednesday Thursday, free breakfast on the weekdays.It has a secure parking lot, and security patrol. So your car is relatively safe while you spent next months mortgage on a craps table at the nearest casino.The pool is heated so it's good for late night dips on a crisp desert evening, and the hot tub was surprisingly large, which was an extra plus, since it was the closest I could get to bathing most days.;-)That's all my good comments.Oh yeah, hey residence inn, it's 2011, you should think about wifi in the rooms, paying for a wired Internet connection that reminds me of Mr. And Mrs. Slowski was kind of unnerving.Overall three stars, fix your plumbing, just call roto rooter or something guys.Cheers!Dre
4	Decent room and free breakfast. Quiet neighborhood and right across the street from the convention center and monorail station. Only complaint that I have is that during the week there was a groundskeeper that was using a leaf blower at 8AM, but I guess they have to clean up sometime. Good choice for an offstrip stay, but for $100+ I would rather just stay on the strip
5	I really didn't want to stay on The Strip when I went to Vegas in May, 2011.  I was happy to find this Residence Inn very close to the Strip (very close!), yet much quieter and no hassle of parking (lots of free parking here).When I checked in, the front desk girl was soooo nice! First of all, she upgraded me to a 2 bedroom suite (a bottom floor bedroom and an upper floor bedroom / loft) with 2 complete bathrooms! I loved the room. She also provided me with a ton of information on Las Vegas, including where to go for free parking, etc. (a lot of the casinos want you to come in and offer free parking garages - don't ever pay to park in Vegas!). I appreciated all the information.The grounds are magnificent - beautifully manicured. There's a common garden area with benches, and a barbeque grill. There's also a fabulous pool and there was a hot tub right outside my room. The hotel is very big, with several buildings. It is more like an apartment complex than a hotel.  (It is an older style Residence Inn, where you walk out to the common areas - rather than indoor corridors.)   Each building has 4 units; 2 downstairs, and 2 upstairs.The rooms are fully equipped with everything - including fast Internet (it's not wi-fi). I had 2 TVs, a living room, full kitchen, and the 2 bathrooms and 2 bedrooms. It was very clean, and the bed was extremely comfortable - standard excellent Marriott quality.After a night on the Strip, I was glad I picked a hotel away from it. It's noisy and crowded on the Strip and I don't particularly care for all those very high-rise hotels. My choice could not have been more perfect.The breakfast in the morning is the icing on the cake. It was a delicious full breakfast bar in a sunny, large room over by the pool area - couldn't be better.Also, not that I cared, but this hotel is located right next to the convention center. It is also only a few steps away from a little metro-rail public transportation thing - if you choose not to drive around the Strip.As great as this hotel was, the best thing about it was the staff. All fantastic! I reallly enjoyed my stay here. Oh, and the perfect Las Vegas weather didn't hurt!And the price - very reasonable for Vegas. No complaints there.I am a Marriott-girl and hotels like this are the reason why.  I occasionally deviate and stay in Holiday Inns (very nice also!) and an occasional Best Western - but, I do prefer the mid-priced Marriott chains.
2	Worst Residence Inn I have ever stayed at. Gave 2 stars instead of 1 because front desk staff was apologetic. Property is a train wreck. The rooms were not very clean, bedding was old and worn out.  Front desk staff were inconsistent in their willingness to send taxi's back to the building my room was located in.  All in all, the most disappointing Marriott property I have ever stayed in.
3	When looking at hotel reviews on Yelp it's usually best to look at the average rating and decide from there. Reading individual reviews is probably a little silly because individual experiences vary wildly and there are so many elements to a hotel stay that one may choose to focus on.First of all, you should really think about where your hotel is when you're planning a Vegas trip. Either you want to be on the strip or just off the strip. There are clear advantages to both. This location is just off the strip which is nice because you can quickly access everything via car or cab but don't have to deal with quite as much traffic or parking nonsense. That being said, there is a certain sense of being part of some great massive energy when you stay on the strip that you lose if you stay here. So, if you're looking for a more leisurely Vegas experience or you're staying as a family, a place like is probably a great idea.Now for the location itself. I actually stayed here with my family some 20 years ago, which gives you an idea of how old the apartment style buildings are. They've done a nice enough job of updating the interiors though, and our room was as nice as any Residence Inn. Having a full fridge and microwave is awesome and the setup is very homey. You'll be comfortable for sure. I'm not a huge fan of their amenities (or lack thereof), but these are the same for all Residence Inns so I can't judge THIS location too harshly.The free morning breakfast is really nice. The food is meh but they have a lot of options including waffles. If nothing else it's nice being able to get some coffee for that hangover whenever you please.Our biggest issue when we stayed was the service. Now I will say the front desk worker (Melissa I think) was VERY kind, but I swear she and two maids were the only staff at the entire place. We called room service three separate times and never got a response. Each time I had to call the front desk and wait for about thirty rings before I could speak to someone, and then I had to relay a message for room service through them. And get this, we are platinum members of Marriott. They usually throw out the red carpet for us (yeah I know this sounds elitist, but I'm providing perspective here). We were constantly inconvenienced here with a level of service that would be subpar for any customer.In short, your experience will be pretty much like any other Residence Inn, except in Vegas. You're biggest draw will be for the "just off the strip" experience. It's an experience worth trying at least once to see if it works for you. It certainly works for me.
4	Yay! I'm a fan.Here's the setup: just moved to Las Vegas way ahead of schedule, and I had nowhere to live yet.  In fact, I haven't even had a chance to research where to live yet, so I needed to hunker down somewhere I could venture from.  Why here?  Well, I just happened to arrive during the perfect storm.  Where I would have temporarily stayed just lost part of the roof to one of their buildings.  It also turned out to be NASCAR weekend.  The last part that really did me in, I won't get to.  Needless to say, availability was scarce, and those that did have any knew it as well with their jacked up prices.  After more hours than I care to admit, it came down to two Marriotts somehow still in my price range, and I picked one at random.  Turns out it was meant to be.For those unfamiliar (like myself at first), Residence Inns are supposed to be set up like little homes away from home.  Instead of taking an elevator to the umpteenth floor,  one has to actually drive into the gated community to their particular... quad-plex I guess I'll call it.  This was perfect as this allowed me to unload the hundreds of pounds of stuff weighing down my vehicle which was parked only a few yards away.  Inside, aside from the standard, had the additional amenities of a full flippin' kitchen -- to include dishwasher.  I kid you not, on one night, I even baked a turkey breast.  I had to ask for a baking dish, and they delivered one to me personally.  Wi-fi was on the slow side, but free.  Though the network would boot you on a daily basis to re-agree again & again to the terms of service.  Decent sized television and channel selection.  Plenty of drawers and closet space.  The bed and bathroom were totally good enough.  It was the most non-hotel-like living I've experienced in a hotel.Extras included a basketball court, swimming pool, and meals.  I can only talk about the latter though.  Free hot meals ever morning, even if they're nothing spectacular, greatly can improve one's outlook.  I definitely participated in the self-serve waffle station.  A little hint: put chocolate chips in with the batter before you close & flip.  Occasionally (like 2 or 3 out of the weekdays), they put down a "social hour."  This consisted usually of some sub-par, yet still free, food based on some sort of theme like cheese & crackers, chili-dogs, etc.  What gets people there though is the free wine and/or beer.  For the low-low price of tipping the tender (technique only), you can have as much crappy wine and/or beer as you want.  Yup, I went to every single meal, morning or evening, I could.Location was far enough from the Strip to avoid most of that kind of traffic.  Now the entrance had something to be desired, but I'm not sure I can really pegged them at fault.  Still I'll describe for warning's sake.  If you're heading southbound, you'll have no problems getting in or going out.  Now if you're coming or going northbound, there is a median right in the way.  To get in, you'll have to go up a block and flip a U-turn.  To get out, you have to compete with on-coming traffic to a stop-light only a dozen or so yards away and across four 35+mph lanes to flip a U-turn.  Otherwise you have to travel south for a few blocks for another opportunity.The lobby staff were absolutely top-notch.  Consistently friendly, welcoming, and willing to help make your stay that much better.  I was there long enough to strike a couple conversations, and one of them suggested I become a rewards member.  It never occurred to me, but I was staying there long enough to automatically bump me into the Silver status.  I'm convinced if they didn't care enough, no one would have noticed me missing the opportunity.  The cleaning staff, though, was strangely either great or not so much.  I usually spent the majority of my day away either at my job or looking for a place to live -- usually both.  This is plenty of time for them to straighten-up my room.  About half the time, I would come back to a perfect room: none of my belongings disturbed, bathroom restocked, bed made, and even dishes cleaned & put away.  The other half of the time, my room got completely skipped over.  Wouldn't be such a bad thing if those days weren't 3 to 4 days in a row.Now, I would call myself more of a Motel 6 type of person.  I usually only stay somewhere cheap and safe enough to get me to the next day.  This was decidedly different as I ended up here for about two weeks.  Don't get me wrong, that's quite an expensive decision despite being at a government rate, but it couldn't have fit my particular situation more perfectly.
4	My family was on our way to Disneyland and we stayed here for one night on the weekend.  We walked in and got an automatic upgrade, which was great!  Front desk staff was very kind and friendly.  Good experience.
5	I highly recommend this hotel. Not only are the rooms cute, clean, equipped with cooking utensils, and cozy, but the staff are EXTREMELY nice and professional. My dog got loose from her leash and sprinted off and Dominique and Marissa spent  1+ hrs of their time to help me find my dog. They were running and seemed as though they weren't going to stop until they were sure that my dog was back in my arms. Thank you so much!
4	Stayed here while the hubby and I did a quick over night Vegas trip.  I love that they are animal friendly since it costs an arm and a leg to board our dogs.  The beds were not the most comfortable things ever but the layout of the suits were awesome and I guarantee next time we go to Vegas we will stay there again and avoid the casino/hotels.
3	We were just in town. We had a 2 bedroom suite w/ loft. the upstairs was like an oven. It just didn't cool off. We had to set the ac at 65. The downstairs was like an icebox. We had one roll of toilet paper in the down stairs bath. Upstairs had one extra. Called room service they never sent any!! The sheets were horrible!!!! I was a little itchy the first night. The second night I had a rash all over my arms and legs. it was horrible. I ended up sleeping on towels. I called room service at 6 am and told them and he asked if I needed new sheets. I was leaving that morning. I told him I needed new towels and he said housekeeping came in at 7:30. I was like I need them asap. He found the grounds keeper to bring towels. When we checked out we told the manager about the sheets and she told me thank you for telling her she would notify corp. maybe they can change the detergent they are using. I thought at least they would give us a discount or something. We just spent 280.00 for two nights. The suite was nice the kitchen and bathrooms had granite counter tops. It was very nice.
5	I wrote an email to Marriot. We got an email then a phone call back. The girl apologized for what happened with the sheets. She was very nice. She is sending us a check back for 80.00 dollars. I want to say the breakfast they had was really good!! All you can eat. Eggs, potato's, ham, sausage. They had a waffle station, bagels yogurt. It was the spread!!
5	Awesome place to stay!  Theyre like little condos.  Stayed here with friends.  There were 2 rooms and the couch had a pull out too.  We were able to pack the house with people.  The bottom room had doors, while the upstairs room did not.  We had a kitchen and a fridge, which came in handy.  There were 2 restrooms, one upstairs and one downstairs.  The top restroom toilet had issues.  We always had to call in a plumber to fix it.  That was mainly the pitfall about our stay here.  Oh yeah, for cars to enter, they need to a key to access the gates.  Guess that would be a good thing but a pain when you have people coming to meet you.Highlight for my friends during our stay here: free breakfast!My friends ate so much sausages and eggs.  They ate some of the bagels and muffins too.  There was also cereal and the milk served in cartons were either 2% or fat free.  It was a typical breakfast meal besides the waffles which took awhile to make.We left on a Monday.  Our check-out was at 1pm.  Thank goodness it was a late checkout.
2	Stayed at this hotel for just one night, rooms were fresh and clean, but parked in the parking garage, first level, end near pool well lit, but in the morning discovered back window and side rear were broken, they took a few DVD's, but upsetting part beyond that is that no one was notified at the reception area, meaning no security or security cameras.  I expected that this hotel had better security, especially to keep guest and property safe. I rank the hotel rooms very high, but if the hotel can't deliver on security and you are a victim then the stay is a bust.
4	This is a super convenient hotel for a longer term stay and away from the Vegas craziness...but first to admit this isn't for everyone.  First of all, there is no gambling  or bars.  I stayed here for work for a week and loved it because I was too tired after a long day to even attempt going out.  The rooms were spacious with free wireless along with full kitchen if you want to eat "at home"Also loved the free breakfast - perfect buffet with make ur own waffles, eggs, potatoes, and all ur usual stuff.  Loved how there was salsa and sour cream to make ur eggs tex mex.  Anyways long story short I would def stay here again.
5	Clean RoomCustomer Service (Teresa and Jeanie EXCELLENT customer service)Complimentary BreakfastComplimentary WifiComplimentary ParkingClose to the StripClose to our favorite $1 Black Jack table at the Riviera Casino We will be back!  This hotel will not disappoint!
4	At first I was a little bummed when my husband picked the Residence Inn for our stay in Las Vegas but it turned out to be a very good stay for many reasons. It was quiet at night so I could sleep and didn't hear the loud noises from the strip.The bed was comfortable.The shower was easy to work and didn't run out of hot water.Very close, easy and abundant parking.Walking distance to Monorail. (saves lots of $ on Taxis)Free Breakfast. (They offer complimentary dinner Buffet Monday-Thursday)The full size fridge was good for holding gallons of water.Dog Friendly.I do admit the decor isn't the most exciting but it seemed very clean so I wasn't afraid to sit on the furniture like I was at the Cosmopolitan where I thought I'd catch a disease or get pregnant from siting on the furniture.The only downside I can think up at the moment was the free Wifi was slow in our room so we used a hot box.It was a good stay I'd return!
4	I wish we would have stayed here both nights. We arrived and stayed here our first night... in attempts to stay closer to the strip we went to the Elara but both my hubby and I agree, we would've preferred this place for a 2nd night. It's right next to the tram and easy access to the Strip!
5	When I go to Vegas, I want to feel at home where we stay, so this time we stayed at the residence inn,  it was a wonderful stay, it had everything I needed, a kitchen, a small living space with a big tv an a bed that made my back feel better. The staff is very friendly and breakfast was great! This residence inn is not too far from the strip, the Riviera parking structure is about 3 or 4 minute drive, You can just park there and avoid the hassle of trying to find parking on the strip. Also Is a cross the convention center and the las Vegas Hilton were Elvis once performed. So if you want to stay away from the noise of the strip come here.
1	It take me a couples weeks to do this my boyfriend and me too princes we stay there the past 4 the July and was the sad experience we have live so far one off are princes get attack for two big dogs and kill her this places it's no safes for a humans oh pets she was gonna be 5 years this coming month know we don't have her anymore this time was our little princes she was a toy poodle and get attack for two pitbulls mix the manager said that can accept any type off dog big oh sm and I don't have problem with that but they no safes to prevent this accidents next time can be a baby she was my everything for some people dogs are just they pets but for us she was our happiness and our everything
3	You can't beat the location if you are attending an event at the convention center.  It is a short walk, directly across the street.  We stayed in a loft/2 bedroom suite.  The place was immaculate when we arrived and was kept up for our 4 day stay.  Now the bad news.  The buffet setup is very poorly organized and the food is just eh!  We requested an extra blanket twice (which was never received) by calling the desk and speaking directly to housekeeping.  We were also offered a foam cushion for the pullout sofa which was desperately needed.  We never got that either.  And oh yeah, our room keys didn't work the first time.
2	Residence Inn by Marriott you have really let me down. I strictly only stay in Marriott's and I'm very picky and which ones I choose to stay. We decided Residence Inn was a good choice because it had full kitchens in the room, complimentary breakfast and it was close to the monorail. We checked into our room and when we walked in we noticed or was a bit on the small side, there was no dining table and everything just seemed to be crammed in this small room. But I did love the kitchen (even though we didn't use it) but the fridge and microwave came in handy. The bed was good, very soft with a lot of pillows. The sofa bed was like sleeping on a cot, the mattress was super thin and you could feel the springs poking in your back all night. The bathroom did not have a regular door, it had a sliding wood door which caused me to get stuck in the bathroom twice smh lol.I was just not impressed with this particular location and I don't think I will be coming back, next time I will choose Springhill Suites or Courtyard and just walk the extra way to The Strip.
4	What a great stay we had here last weekend for 3 nights! Our apartment here was nicer than any place that I have ever resided.  I could have moved in here permanently, and we were sad to check out.I do not recommend staying here if you do not have a car as taxis do not station here, you will have to call one and wait.  There is no restaurant within safe walking distance and the surrounding neighborhood is "okay" but not safe for unescorted women.  Best to have a group of people if you are walking around outside the hotel.  But the SLS hotel is right next door with many services.  The convention center and monorail is across the street.   The Vegas strip is a few blocks aways and easy to navigate to and we had an easy time pulling in and out of many hotels and returning to the Residence Inn.  Also, there is no one here to help you with your bags, and if you take a 2nd floor apartment, you will have to carry your stuff up 2 flights of stairs. (See my photo of the stairs.)It's like moving into an apartment.  Parking is free and easy but it is a walk to the apartment entrance for many units.  Have a bag with wheels.All apartments are smoke free!!The staff was very accomodating with our requests for late checkout, extra towels, and shampoo, bed size, and getting a pet free room.  We wish they would ban pets altogether from this property--it's hard enough maintaining a hotel and keeping a room clean with humans moving in and out regularly, let alone have to deal with a poop factory running around.  We usually try to avoid hotels and motels that allow pets. The towel quality was better than you will find at most hotels, but not as good as a 5-star hotel.  They are all branded, "Marriott."The room was very clean, housekeeping did a very good job, and I was not able to find one stray hair anywhere from a prior guest.  I did find some hairs from my partner on my stuff, but that is a personal matter...They have a small pool that we did not use at all.  On Saturday night, we walked by and it was jammed with adults and children all conversing in spanish. Free breakfast is provided and the best part of it was the OATMEAL!!!  The Oatmeal was incredible and the only reason I did not skip breakfast.  They also had an excellent make your own waffle (M to F only) and Activia yogurt and bananas.  Disappointingly, they did not have any hard boiled eggs!  I have stayed in many a free breakfast hotel around the USA and hard boiled eggs are a staple these days at Holiday Inn and Hyatt and other chains.  I was disappointed.  The fake scrambled yellow eggs and frozen heated breakfast potatoes were inedible and should be immediately discontinued--I have never tasted anything so disgusting at a hotel breakfast. As a side note, we interestingly watched what folks were eating at breakfast since you can take anything you like.  Amazingly, it's the most overweight and obese people that put on their plate the most unhealthy and fattening foods--it was a pure example of what is wrong with the American diet.  More education is needed.Maybe Marriott can set the example for healthy breakfast (and reduced health insurance costs) by eliminating certain foods like the yellow eggs, greasy potatoes, sausage, and bacon, and replacing it with egg whites, more whole grain cereals, gluten free breads, and a bowl of fruit, yogurt to start the day.  That along with oatmeal will better our country more than anything Congress has done.Last, I would replace the cloth sofas with leather ones.  It's gross to sit on a cloth sofa you cannot clean and have no idea who did what on?...With leather, housekeeping can take a wet rag and clean it to new for every new resident--much more sanitary.
2	I came here with a group of friends. We thought it was ideal for the 3 of us. As we get there in the lobby we ask if we could get ice for our drinks the lady said we had to turn on the ice machine in our fridge. And if it took to long we would have to go back and get some. We walk into our room and let me tell you this place looks old. The rugs were nasty. The bathroom doors you have to slide them to close them but they won't lock. The sofa bed is so uncomfortable I woke up super sore the next day.n the ice machine never worked. They sent a worked to fix it and it still didn't work.let's just leave it as I wouldn't come back.
