5	Best kept secret in town for those of you who never knew of this place or if you did and didn't know where they moved to!  Great coastal Italian food filled with lots of seafood.  Big portions, perfect for a family style traditional Italian course meal.
2	Please take everything I say below with a huge grain of salt because this place just opened and I think it takes some time for kinks to be worked out.  I toyed between two and three stars, but the two star description of "meh, I've experienced better" perfectly encapsulates how I felt about this meal. We started with an appetizer of potato croquettes.  Fried potatoes with gooey cheese in the middle, can't go wrong, right?  Wrong.  The cheese was practically frozen, no exaggeration.  Not just not warm or melted, but literally seemed as if it had just come out of the freezer.  For my meal, I had the rigatoni alla vodka.  This dish was good, but it had been smothered in parmagiano cheese that I tasted for the next twelve hours despite brushing my teeth three times.  Jen had a linguine with mussels and clams that she said was delicious. What is almost bizarre about this restaurant is the decor and atmopshere.  The white tile floors and mostly bare walls don't match the menu or what you'd expect from a smallish Italian restaurant and instead look like the restaurant recently transitioned from serving fast food.  Perhaps they're not finished decorating? The service was attentive and friendly and the Market Square location is great, so I'll more likely than not give La Cucina Flegrea another try in a few months.
4	The best southern italian food in the city.  Anna has stuck to her roots and produces delicious foods from a region just north of Naples.  There are a few setbacks.  Anna needs a few serving utensils for people sharing their meals.  The industrial spoons and tongs need to stay in the kitchen.  Also, the decor needs to be a little homier.  But the food is sublime, and the prices are reasonable.  I look forward to my next visit.
1	So disappointing ... Love the Squirrel Hill place, but the service downtown was horribly slow and snotty. The place was half empty to boot. Food was a bit overpriced.. Guess they are shooting for bankers lawyers and foundation types...
3	We had a pre-theater dinner at La Cucina Flegrea on a Thursday night at 6PM.  The place is tucked on the side of Market Square right under a sign for hot dogs, making the entrance a bit confusing.  The interior could definitely use an improvement.   The couch and coffee table piled with books looked out of place.I wish their by-the-glass wine list was bigger.  I had a Pinot Grigio ($10, reasonable), a house salad, and the tagliatelle zucchine basilico.  The house salad was huge, mainly composed of giant pieces of lettuce that made for awkward eating.   I don't like slicing my salad, but oh well.  My main dish, which was advertised with hot pepper flakes, contained none.  I should have asked for the parmesan on the side, because it overpowered the dish.  The pasta was well-done and the portion was good, but it wasn't the best pasta in Pittsburgh.  I can't attest to the meat entrees, but I heard the fish special was nicely done.I had to take a 1/2 star off for the poor service.  One member of our group came late and had to ask for a water, and our waiter disappeared after our entrees came out.
3	While the prices are higher you will get at least 2 meals for what you pay. I would go back though I would try different dishes, had the seafood risotto and a special. Would rather the prices be in half and half the portions; though had leftovers the next day. Nice environment; not sure why others were saying the interior needed improvement. They recently moved into this location though so maybe were renovating. The family is actually from Italy too.
5	Excellent Italian meal! Pasta was perfect Al dente. Eggplant appetizer was superb. Home made limoncello , cake was light and creamy. Enjoyed our meal at bar table at the window. Highly recommend
2	If you are calling to make reservations and 3 restaurants turn you down, and the 4th restaurant says it can seat you at 7:30 on a Friday night, just order a pizza instead.Went here to celebrate my boyfriend and his little brother's birthday. Started out lovely: piano and trumpet at the bar, a violet prosecco cocktail which was tingly and tangy, and very promising menu selections.The lil bro and lil sis ordered a house specialty with rigatoni. When it arrived, the both said it was a little undercooked. When we cracked a rigaton in half there was the white circle inside. From what I've always been taught and the internet has confirmed that means it's ALMOST done, but not quite. 1 more minute! The next time the waiter came by we pulled him aside quietly to give him and the kitchen a head's up that the pasta wasn't quite done. He offered to cook up their dishes a little longer to get them a bit more palatable. Fine, sounds great. Everyone happy.When the waiter returned he proclaims, "The chef wanted you to know that if you ever go to Italy ask for your pasta overcooked."I thought it was really uncalled for and soured the rest of the evening. Also someone ordered the asparagus risotto. It was Uncle Ben's white rice with chicken broth poured over it and 3 asparagus stalks. When I go to Italy again I will order all the correctly cooked pasta and risotto to realize what I missed on this night. Second star is for the cocktail and sweet hostess whom I hope finds another job soon.
3	If I were going to rate this based on ambiance, the restaurant would get a one or  two stars.   The bar area isn't bad but the dining area is just too white.  The white tiles and the sea foam green back wall just didn't do anything for me.   I'm not sure if they redecorated much after the previous tenant and the place just didn't feel cozy and comfortable.   The service wasn't bad but it wasn't great either.  We came before a 7:30 show and for an uncrowded restaurant, it took a long time to get our meal.I split a caprese salad with Rachel and it was just ok.   I like my caprese with a little salt, pepper and balsamic vinegar and this version was a little too plain for my palette and I really missed the balsamic.   The bread they served was also a little too crusty and chewy for my taste.  A flavored/seasoned olive oil would have been a nicer touch than butter.  I followed this up with the linguine di scoglio.  Again, it could have used a little more of a kick.  More red pepper flakes please.   I will say that they were nice enough to replace the shrimp with mussels and calamari since I'm anti shrimp.   Also, the pasta was cooked to perfection.  Summed up: good but not great.  Didn't live up to the hype for me.  I've had better Italian for less elsewhere in the city.
3	Am I getting pickier in my old age?  Am I truly becoming a bitter old Italian woman?!  What does this have to do with anything you ask?  Well, I wasn't satisfied here.  Maybe the real question is, do new restaurants in Pittsburgh really have to bring out their "A" game?  I think the answer is YES!   We ordered the capreze appetizer.  It was okay. Mozzerella didn't taste homemade, needed more balsamic but the tomato's were nice and ripe thankfully!I ordered my absolute favorite dish in the whole Italian world, pasta vodka.  I like my pasta al dente.  It was what I thought was al dente when I bit into a piece that I thought may have been a piece of something that shouldn't be in the dish when I realized it was the penne, just not cooked at all.  Yikes!  Thankfully it was only a piece or two, but maybe it would have been better to leave it in for a bit longer.  My vodka sauce was sweet.  Almost sickeningly sweet.  I like sweet, and I do realize vodka sauce has that attribute, but it was a bit too much for me.  The dish also had sun-dried tomatoes and what I assume to be onions.  I assume because I couldn't quite tell with the pool of sauce that was still left on my plate after I had finished the actual penne portion.The ambiance left much to be desired. White floors and walls with mint green table dressings hardly spelled out "old school Italian charm."  It actually reminded me of a very clean cafeteria. Especially compared to the homey vibe Sierra gives off downstairs... This place has got to kick it up a notch somehow. I keep hearing people rave about it being authentic so I'd probably give it another go round, but definitely would pick another dish. We'll see!
5	Excellent food and a very nice atmosphere. Much like what I've had in southern Italy. Highly recommended.
5	This place was a stop on my multi-month eat-at-new-place-everyday lunch tour of Downtown Pittsburgh restaurants.Located on the second floor above Yovi's on one of the approach roads to Market Square.This place seems to have more bar area than seating area, but for my to-go purposes, it was just fine.  The ambiance was minimalist and no frills -- but I didn't pay much attention. I ordered the Roasted Vegetable Sandwich that is served on a fresh roll.  It was loaded with vegetables and dripping with mozzarella. It was a fantastic sandwich and had great flavors.  It came with soup or salad -- I opted for the Minestrone.  It was good -- not outstanding, but good.  It also included bread (two types!) and butter. La Cucina Flegrea has two great things going for it:1. Tasty, quality food where they don't skimp on the ingredients.2. Value. Food & quality received was well worth the money.Great place!
4	The food here is 5 star quality. I give it 4 only because I would like to see slightly more wine choices from Campania, where the owner is from. One thing everybody needs to realize is that this place specializes in seafood. I would challenge anybody to find a place in the city with fresher seafood but that would be impossible since they get it everyday the place is open. If you are interested in pasta, go with their specialty, seafood based pastas. There must be a variation in pasta choices of course. I know that even the most authentic Italian restaurants need to offer things like Penne alla Vodka, invented in America by the way and not seen in Italy, but these people excel at seafood so why not go with it as long as you are not allergic. More importantly, they know how to cook their pasta. The 'white circle' in the short cuts of pasta is what it is supposed to look like if you want your pasta al dente. American-Italian restaurants may not do that, but that is how it is supposed to be cooked in Italy. Not hard or crunchy, but just enough to feel the bite to the teeth. I have been here twice and both times the food was outstanding. Caprese is excellent, the calamari fritti is very nice. I had the grilled seafood entree (Misto Griglia) with shrimp, scallops and sepia with rapini. Tremendous. They give you the whole shrimp here so don't be surprised. My wife had the Gamberone alla Riviera, full, jumbo grilled shrimp which she loved. The service was great and the bartender is wonderful. You will like the guy, believe me. The Pittsburgh food scene is really exciting right now and authentic places like this need our support. Give it a try.
5	We stumbled on this place as our original destination was full and could not fulfill our reservation.  We were very lucky to come across Anna's place.We started at the bar for a few drinks which was very nice.   We were offered our table at our convience and were not rushed to sit until we were ready.The menu was varied in a good way to offer many different things for those who have picky palates.  I had read the reviews that the seafood was not meant to be missed at this restaurant, so myself and my companions joined in the seafood.All of our dishes were fantastic. The food came out quickly and everything was cooked perfectly.Chef Anna came to talk to us as we were winding down the evening.  She provided a complimentary Tiramisu for our dessert after we graciously thanked her for a wonderful evening.This is a place we will surely stop by again.
5	What an amazing dinner we had the other night. I'm usually not one to order ravioli, but this dish was so delicious, I'm happy I did. Not too heavy on the sauce, the dinner was quite filling. My boyfriend fell in love with Anna's meatballs. You've gained 2 new customers. It's certainly worth the walk up the stairs!!!!!! We'll be back!!!!!
5	Upstairs, quieter than most market square places.  The raviolis were some of the best I have ever had.  And I mean that as an Italian food lover....the wine list was good.  I really liked this place.I would go here again in a heartbeat. Service was attentive, and let us move from the main dining room to the front room overlooking the street scene....a minor pick, but--and don't think I'm weird--but the ceiling fans in the dining room that evening (a couple weeks ago) made these weird reflections on the menus and tables--it was giving me a headache.  So we asked to move upfront--no problem.
1	This place is not very good.  Ambiance is terrible.  Music is off, walls need to be painted, too open. The space could be great but it is wasted in its current form.  The food was not good at all.  Fried calamari was undercooked and needed seasoning.  Salad appeared it came out of bag from giant eagle and the dressing was not mixed properly.  We shared the 4 cheese pasta.  It was terrible.  The cheese was not melted, lumps of cheese throughout the dish.   Not sure how this place stays open.  Go elsewhere. Way overpriced.
5	I don't get why this place isn't more popular.  The service is friendly if occasionally slow.  The martini's are good and the menu is wonderful. Not typical Italian but very authentic.  Heavily seafood focused but we have never had a bad meal here.  We normally go for dinner but a couple of shared plates for lunch, smaller portions, makes for a great date lunch.
4	Excellent meal and service.  Server Michelle recommended a white wine by the glass, and checked back in case I didn't like it.  It was fine.  Nice fresh salad, and the farfalle with radicchio was excellent....slightly bitter edge was great with the creamy sauce.
4	This place, located on the second floor overlooking market square, is clearly a hip and trendy place. Don't go in expecting a super fancy place!The food is amazing, I had the calimari. Delicious, Mediterranean style Italian.The service is good, with the servers being friendly and helpful, if a bit slow at times. The only real issue I had was with the restrooms. While being fairly clean, the facilities were in poor repair, namely the floor and walls.I would recommend this restaurant, for a casual upscale Italian experience.
2	The pasta was undercooked. Not just al dente-- one of the noodles actually broke when I tried to pick it up with a fork."Mediterranean chicken" is really just a piece of plain grilled chicken with a casar salad on the side. Very disappointing for the price.
2	This place is ridiculously overpriced and doesn't serve quality food for the price either. Positives:Bread was good, room temperature sour dough slices served with butter Pasta was well cooked and marinara sauce was pretty good, but on oily sideNegatives:Overpriced!-Entrees start at $20 and go to about $39, pasta dishes do not come with any vegetable(s)/side salad, nor do chicken, seafood, pork, beef dishes come with any pasta or salad -Salads are very tiny, and they start at $10They are known for their seafood, I had the fettuccine with shrimp in marinara sauce-- shrimp were very sub-par. They were not deveined, could see black veins in each one, they were also overcooked, and a bit crunchy...Waiter was extremely pushy. He told me I shouldn't get one entree and should get a pasta dish or seafood dish because that is what they specialize in. These were also way over my budget, but I complied since I didn't want a  sub-par dish that seemed like maybe it would be out of the freezer the way he was saying not to get it. And then the shrimp weren't even good...So this was a disappointing experience.
