5	Chezelle re-located to Sterling Morrison (SouthPark area); they used to be on Selwyn. This is a very cute and unique store; mostly edgy /modern day-to-night pieces (carry brands like Isabel Lu, Lauren Moffatt, Cynthia Steffe, Plan B leggings). Average price range: $150-$400. Lots of dresses, some jeans. I think they have the BEST costume jewelry in town and very reasonably priced.
4	What? What did you say Chezelle? You want me to come in? Ok, sure, just a brief visit. Chezelle's cute cocktail dresses and silk tops just beckoned me to stop in, so I did! This well-appointed boutique is nestled in the Shops at Morrison, providing some neighborly love to Charlotte big hitters like Scout & Molly's, Capitol and Earthfare. When I walked in I was greeted by a large tabled filled with stunning accessories - rings, bracelets, necklace, cuffs, you name it - they had it. I was even happier to find out that most of these accessories were fairly affordable! I would venture to say that a fair amount of their costume jewelry fell into the $30-$75 price range.As for their clothing, Chezelle lines up some great, unique designers that you won't necessarily find in other boutiques. I spied brands like Mara Hoffman, Lauren Moffat, Cynthia Steffe, Amanda Upchard, Cynthia Vincent and Rory Beca, just to name a few. While Chezelle seems to run sales fairly often, the non-sale retail price can squeeze your credit card: $100-$250 for tops and $150-$400 for cocktail dresses. Regardless, Chezelle has a myriad of beautiful clothing and jewelry that will satisfy a variety of tastes. I will note that I wasn't the biggest fan of the store layout, as I didn't quite know where to start. The clothes aren't organized by color or necessarily by style - but maybe it was the time of day when I dropped in.When I popped in here on a Saturday afternoon it was pretty busy and I didn't get much interaction from the staff, which was just fine by me. They were friendly when needed yet also gave me time to take in the store and check out the merchandise. I'll be back Chezelle!
5	Chezelle is by far the best boutique around!  Laryn and Elizabeth always offer superior customer service and have fresh takes on the latest trends.   I travel frequently for work and I am often stopped on the street (even in NYC) and asked where I found my clothes and accesories.  If you have a special occasion or just want to freshen up your wardrobe, I encourage you to stop in!  It wouldn't hurt to encourage your boyfriend or husband to drop by either...they always offer excellent gift ideas!
1	I inquired about purchasing a $200 purse on Instagram, and had to practically chase them to buy it. No one ever returned my inquiry either in Instagram or phone. I went in to purchase the bag and also found a couple of pairs of sale earrings, in which I asked for boxes. I was told, "we don't give boxes on sale earrings". Wow!!! I just bought a $200 bag! Ok well you just lost a new customer...and I will let all my friends know.
