5	Wonderful! I stopped in before it officially opened and all the managers were excited, friendly and gave me coupons and free samples. The equipment is brand new and the place is meticulously clean inside. They gave me a custom bag with my name on it for future drop offs. There is something about getting my clothes cleaned with brand new machinery that makes me feel good. I have nothing but positive things to say about the employees, managers and guest service. Not sure what Kathy M is talking about! I have been multiple times and they are consistently excellent! Perhaps she owns another dry cleaning business! Easy to drop off clothes on your way to Starbucks in the morning.There is a 24 hour drop off too if you come after business hours. Give them a try!
5	I felt like I had walked into dry cleaning heaven when I came to this dry cleaner for the first time. The place is beautiful, clean and bright -- unlike most of the dingy, smelly dry cleaners around town. The prices were clearly marked on a board above, with no gimmicks and no secret add-on charges. Finally an ethical dry cleaner! The employees were neatly dressed and well-spoken, which is always appreciated. They give you a bag with your name on it and a 25 % discount on your first visit. After that, they give you coupons once per month for discounts. They have a valet service and all kinds of other things for customers, but for me, I was thrilled that they are open 7 days a week! After a 9 hour work day and an hour commute, I hate trying to rush to the dry cleaners on my day home. With the Tide Cleaners, I can just swing by anytime over the weekend. I have been unhappy with so many other dry cleaners in the Scottsdale area, but this one is just what I've always envisioned, but has never existed until now.
1	Clean clothes. Served with incompetence. Smiles only go so far. Staff are clueless. Management is worse. Three visits, questions unanswered, lost items, wrong info in my account. Need I say more?If you can use the self serve machine outside...Go for it. Otherwise skip.
4	I have never been to a dry cleaner before and have heard horror stories about how they smell funky, lose/ruin your items or just plain screw up. This was not the case here. The store is located in a new shopping center next to some lunch destinations, so it seems a little out of place, unless you drop off/pick up during your lunch hour. The inside is nice - it's clean and new. Everything is automated and seems well organized. The two different employees I interacted with were nice and informative. The entire process was simple and efficient. It was so simple and easy, my husband said we should dry clean everything - until he saw the price. Luckily, since it was my first visit, I received 25% off my order. If I ever need something dry cleaned again, I'd definitely stop here.
4	Great place!!!
2	This place is no good....About a month after they opened I decided to give them a try. My first visit I dropped off a dress that had some beading around the top, a couple of my husbands shirts and a pea coat...all were to be cleaned and the shirts pressed. I asked the woman who took my order if the beading around the collar of the dress was going to be an issue or if I had to sign something and she said no and took all the clothes and put them in a laundry bag. A couple of days later I took in some dress pants to have the zipper replaced. They told me it would be about a week before I got the pants back, which was fine with me and I figured I could just pick up everything at once. Two days later I received a call from the manager (he left me a voicemail) stating that he did not clean my dress but there seemed to be something wrong with it and he just wanted to make sure that I knew that he had not done anything to it. At that point I knew that they had ruined my dress so I went in the next day to pick up my first order and see what happened to the dress. When I gave the man behind the counter my ticket he retrieved my order and I was waiting for him to say something about the dress....as the manager stated on the phone "they didn't do anything to it but there was something wrong with the dress" but all he did was continue to ring me up. I started to tell the man that I had received a call from the manager about the dress as he handed me the receipt and of course they charged me for cleaning the dress....this really pissed me off. The man stated that he is the GM of both Tide Dry Cleaning locations and that he had made the call.....OK....then shouldn't you have some special knowledge about my dress and why are you charging me for cleaning it if you didn't clean it??? I took the bag off the dress to look at it and the beading around the collar was completely messed up. Instead of just taking responsibility for accidently messing up the dress and dealing with the situation from there the "GM" begin to accuse me of bringing the dress in with the collar messed up. I could not believe it and just wanted to get out of there. About 30 minutes later I received a call from the GM saying that he had called customer service of the store where I had bought the dress and that they told him that I could return the dress to the store for a full refund. Geez, thanks! I can't wait to look like a loser trying to return a messed up dress to a store for a full refund!!! Well, at least it was clean.....or was it?About 2 weeks later I went in to pick up my dress pants and to my surprise the pants had been hemmed (didn't request that service but had to pay for it) and the zipper on my black dress pant was replaced with the kind of big silver zipper that you would find on a cheap sleeping bag....big, cheap, and ugly!  I took them straight to an alteration place down the street (AZ Alterations, see my yelp) and had the zipper replaced again. I gave this place two stars because it was clean and modern and the shirts they cleaned for my husband came out fine but I'll definitely be taking my business elsewhere.
1	This rating is for the alterations. I took a pair of expensive new pants to be altered. I just needed the pants lengthened. This involved taking the hem down as much as possible, as I am too tall for regular pants. The additional fabric in the pant legs would be enough to make the pants long enough to wear with heels - I made sure of this before I bought them. When the pants were returned to me after the alteration, each leg was a different length and the hem was cut, then tacked up with cheap lace. I don't know how much length was cut, but enough to make them unwearable with heels. I took them to another alteration place and paid for them to fix the pant legs so they were the same length.Tide returned my money for the alteration, but actually made me pay for the dry cleaning. I was pretty turned off, realizing that my $280 pants were now not wearable because of their negligence. I assumed they would tell me I didn't owe for the dry cleaning. I should have refused to pay for the dry cleaning. Anyway, don't take good quality expensive clothing here to be altered.
1	I'm going to breakdown my experience with Tide Dry cleaners into three different situations: 1. Our first visit was somewhat pleasant as we used an email promo coupon for 20% off our first visit and the girl only gave us an eye roll but the clothes came back compete and clean.2. Second visit, I picked up our clothes and upon arrival at home had noticed a piece was missing. After calling the shop, they informed me the camera in-store shows them counting the garments on the way out and there was nothing we could do. Our fault for not counting our garments but their fault for less than amazing service... AGAIN. 3. Final straw: dying my wife's new white garment pink and accusing her of not knowing what color her blouse was. After several conversations, they considered making it right by giving a store credit but haggled her on the price as it may have been purchased from a discount retailer. Bad attitude, countless eye rolls and three strikes you're out Tide. Won't be returning and wouldn't recommend to my friends.
1	My wife and I have had shirts that have been ruined by this store and their policy to replace and credit for damaged item is ridicules.  There are other options with locally owned companies we will go to....you should be forewarned!
1	I am filing a complaint on this location soon. They dry clean sometimes and many times they just press. Clothes smell like they do end of day. When asked and caught  red handed (while picking up clothes, some were pressed and some dry cleaned in the bunch) they came up with so many stories.
