4	Great selection of top designer brands.  If you are looking for reduced priced options and sales, avoid this place.  You may find some socks or briefs on sale, but thats about.  Several floors of womens clothing, a full floor for shoes, and the ground floor for menswear.
3	If I lived in Canada and Barney's, Neimans, Saks and Nordies didn't ship to me, then I'd probably shop here.  However, since I live in the States, all of it is over priced.Nevertheless, the selection is good, and the staff is nice.
2	OMG, this Holt is horrible ! When you're used to the Bay-Bloor one in Toronto, this one looks like a grocery store !!The selection is pretty small and actually not really good either... Example; my boryfriend went there to buy a pair of Tod's shoes, they only carried 3 pairs... 3 pairs !!!! Nothing !!! We waited 15 min to have a snoby, rude saleswomen finally serving us... Of course, we didn't buy anything and will not spend any penny in that Holt Renfrew, better wait and go to Toronto or in France....
2	Very pricey merchandise , some of which can be found at MUCH better prices elsewhere, the staff should bear in mind that they are SERVICE people, yes SERVICE. That makes them no better than waiters/waitresses, butlers, maids or chars!  You are NOT  the aristocracy of the nation and NEVER will be, so GET OVER YOURSELVES! If you JUST HATE waiting on people, then GET ANOTHER JOB! If you can't .... then that should tell you something! As for the customers,lots of pretense, not much substance,from what I've observed. Knew someone who worked at the perfume counter there a couple of  years ago, and she confirmed my observation. If  you're in the mood and pocket to shop and spend and spend, by all means do, but go in with plenty of 'tude and loot. Overall,  shopping elsewhere is preferable.
3	Store carries high end merchandise and a nice enough selection. But I would have to agree with previous reviewer, the staff needs basic customer service training. Contrary to what one would expect, the older staff members are extremely nice, courteous and helpful, while the younger ones are rude and exhibit totally inappropriate behaviour: talking loudly about personal matters in the presence of customers, showing annoyance and irritation, eye rolling, or completely ignoring shoppers. It's hard to believe a store that brands itself high end does not ensure its staff behave accordingly.
3	Expensive and time consuming. My wife loves this place.
4	Went in to check for a few things I couldn't find in Halifax. We were out and about for the day so we wheren't dressed to impress. I got the stink eye from a clerk in cosmetics but the others I delt with were fine. I found 30% off racks in a couple of depts so that was cool. I know US prices are better but one can't always vacation in the US.
4	I have very mixed feelings about this place.Since I'm not married to a Russian oligarch or a member of the Mafiosi and I don't see that happening anytime soon either, a plebeian like me has never bought any items of clothing or shoes or purses here.(Hermes Birkin bag at $15 000 anyone?). That said, I have come here to buy my absolute favorite brand of makeup, Nars Cosmetics which has a cult-like following among fashionistas and girly-girls the world over. The girls at the Nars counter have always been nice and super helpful to me so no complaints there. Yeah, they are expensive but totally worth every penny.  Also the ladies over at the Creed perfume counter were very helpful. Before I decide to plunk down a  few hundred dollars on something, I definitely want to sample it first and they were more than happy to oblige my curiosity.Also, at one point I was seriously thinking of buying a Hermes scarf, one of those things that literally never go out of fashion. Since I can't afford to buy one brand new ($800+), I went on ebay looking for a slightly used, vintage print one. I called up the Hermes boutique at Holt Renfrew to ask someone if they could give me some pointers on how to spot a fake online. They went over and beyond that. They asked if I would like to come in sometime and one of their associates would explain to me what differentiates a real Hermes item from a fake one. I took a print-out of the scarf I was eyeing on ebay and spent a pleasant afternoon with an associate who showed me the ropes. Finally another sales associate gifted me with a set of  vials which had a sampling of  various Hermes perfumes and said maybe if I changed my mind one of these days, I may come back and buy a real, new scarf.  I doubt that will happen anytime soon, but the gesture was pure class nonetheless.Go to Holt to stroll and look if you can and if some of the obnoxious sales associates in the boutiques don't drive you out first to get ideas of what you really want. Then go on ebay, net-a-porter.com, theoutnet.com or even online Black Friday sales for retailers like Henri Bendels, Neiman Marcus,  to get the same stuff a cheaper prices and with virtually none of the attitude.
3	This holts has a great selection of items, however the staff here were just awful. I was looking to purchase a bag and wanted to buy my first REAL high end designer one. While I've had money saved up, the amount I was looking to spend is still a lot of cash for someone that isn't overly wealthy. I found a Prada bag I was quite fond of and was debating that. The lady that was helping me was incredibly impatient and rude and kept telling me it was nice and I should just get it. When I decided to make a quick phone call she audibly sighed and walked back to the counter. While I understand I was looking at this bag for a solid 10 minutes or so, it's incredibly rude to have someone rushing you when they obviously just want to make the sale and get you out of the store. I ended up buying it, but it was definitely not the kind of experience I wanted to have while making such an important large purchase. Not everyone is made of money, and sometimes you gotta give them time to really look at what they're purchasing. It's not so much to ask
5	Oh, how this is heaven on earth. Hermes, Prada, Saint Laurent, Michael Kors, Kate Spade, Guerlain, Chanel, Tom Ford . . . shall I continue???? We had a grand time browsing and looking at all the beautiful designer clothes, handbags, leather goods, cosmetics, and perfumes. Everyone greeted us with a smile and let us look without iota about not buying something. If only money grew on trees.... *sigh*
