4	I can't believe no one's reviewed this place yet. The Big Bang is (literally) an underground dueling piano bar. They're located underneath The Library. This is probably the only bar on Mill Ave. worth spit because it's got a gimmick other than scantilly-clad college girls dancing on tables (here they dance on -pianos-!)But seriously, The Big Bang is a blast. They've got a rotating group of musicians that take turns on piano, drums, bass, and electric guitar to bang out requests and awesome renditions of practically anything you could ask for...Journey, Billy Idol, Snoop Dogg, Beastie Boys, Weezer...If you're sitting up front expect to be singled out, pulled on stage, forced to dance, or have raunchy love songs composed just for you, especially if it's your birthday or your bachelorette party. Audience participation is what makes it so much fun. I imagine thespians would dig this place. Gets 4 stars cause the joint can get INSANELY packed on Saturday nights with drunken college kids...not that it's bad for them, but bad for me and you! While it's a little classier than the clubs and bars above it, songs can get hilariously vulgar, so be prepared!
4	This is a dueling piano bar in the basement under some other bar.  It's a fun place...the musicians are funny & lively (there were 3 that rotated when I was there).  They play off each other & the crowd.  They take requests, too.The tables & chairs are very close together, & it got packed while we were there, with people standing too.  We got there relatively early, I think.  We didn't stay 'til the end, since we had to be up early the next day, & there were vultures waiting for our seats as we got up to leave.I've been to one other dueling piano bar...when I was in Michigan.  I wonder if there are any around in the Bay Area?
4	I really like the Big Bang. Maybe I'm just partial to live music and good musicians, but I have been really impressed by the performers here. It is a standard dueling piano bar setup, as anyone who has ever been to 6th street in Austin, TX knows what I'm talking about. They take requests and can play just about anything you can dream up that has ever had any mainstream success. They switch off instruments between piano, bass and drums and handle themselves well on each. Drinks are reasonably priced and drink specials are awesome, so definitely keep your ears out for those. If you're looking for a slightly more musical evening and something a little different than a typical bar night, drop by.
5	I'm really into this bar, but only every now and then. they get a lot of the same kinds of requests, and they usually play them on rotation each weekend, so i wouldn't recommend coming every week.the musicians are good and have lively personalities. to make a request you write the song on a bar napkin and walk it up to the stage and drop it on the piano top with a couple of bucks (or more, depending on how badly you want to hear your song).p.s. unless you're a dummy dont' fall for the UofA v. ASU fight song battle. they do this every time i go in, and basically drunken bros try to "outbid" one another to hear one song over the other (during the rose bowl, etc, the respective teams are inserted). anyway, i've seen some poor way too drunk fool plop down $100 in effort to have his team song played over another - pretty smart gimmick for the players, pretty crappy for the dude who has to to realize, "wait, did i really pay $100 to hear a song last night?"i think the drink prices are steep here, but it's a fun time and you're getting live entertainment.
3	To me, this bar is a great concept with terrible execution.  The one time I went the musicians were subpar and they could not get the crowd into it to save their lives.  If you have ever had the chance to go to Pete's Dueling Piano Bar in Austin (the original) or in Dallas (good copycat), you will see a piano bar done well.  In Dallas, you have to get a reservation way in advance in order to have a place to sit.These places tend to be havens for birthday and bachelorette parties.  All in all, I like the concept.  I will have to give it a try again to see if they have improved since my last visit.
4	great live music, funny performersgo there often and the songs get real repetitiveget there early, seats fill up fast and you dont want to be pushed around in the crowd if you want to truly enjoy it (or just get pissed drunk)
4	Went there first time and loved it!  Live musics and funny performers.  By reading other reviews I understand that the performance is same every night so it does get old if going there regularily.However, my review is based on my visit so I gave it a 4-star.
3	This bar is extremely high energy and makes for a fun night out if you're with a big group of people. Dueling piano players engage the crowd in sing-along numbers from Journey to The Beatles to The Rolling Stones. And everyone is usually singing by night's end. You'll see a lot of the ASU crowd here along with several birthday and bachelortte parties.
4	I have a love for piano bars and visiting the Phoenix area from Chicago, I was not sure how this bar would stack up to our establishments in Chicago.  I was pleasantly surprised.  The piano players were great and really kept the audience engaged.  We even got them to play "Sweet Home Chicago" and a member of our group that knew how to play drums was able to play a few songs with the band.  Best deal was that the night I went it was "choose the special" Thursday.  Whoever paid the most in tips to the piano players were able to choose the $2 drink specials for the next half hours.  While I was there it included Kettle One, Long Islands, Beer, and Jager.
4	3 and a half really, but I stayed till closing so what the hell. Anyway, this place got more fun the longer I was there; either becuse they were playing better songs, or the alcohole was doing its job. They had some strange song chocies in there for this type of concept. Its tough to sing along with modest mouse after all. We wanted to go towards the end of the night, but couldnt leave without a guns and roses song. and hour and a half and a $10 tip later we finaly got to hear sweet child of mine and get out of there. I dont know how you could go the whole night without GnR, especialy with the reaction the crowd gave when they played it. Anyway, in short based on my saturday night, this place could be great, but they need to play better music consistantly. The crowd agreed with me that night too. Just as people were getting into it, they would play crap and the energy just leaves the building
2	This place is good for learning the lyrics to all of the songs you never wanted to hear as they are played over and over and over again.Don't get me wrong.  The place is fun.   But I definitely recommend that if you go, go for one hour on the hour, unless you don't mind broken records.
3	An overall good place, but a few bad experiences here. The music gets marginally more annoying each and every visit here. Kareoke jams sang on pianos, which can be fun at times, but eventually you need some real jams to wet your whistle. Drinks are normally priced, and it is usually pretty crowded. One of the bartenders confronted my friend for not tipping enough, which pretty much turned me off to the place (there are 2 bars where he had tabs, and he had tipped at the first one but not the second). The dude was really rude about it too. Overall I will agree with those who love the place, I can see why, but its not the best to frequent imo.
3	This place is way more fun if you're drunk. The price to get in was decent, but the place gets way overpacked, and just trying to stand in one place is a chore. Overall though the crowd is lively, the pianists are entertaining to watch, and the drinks are good. I went while I was on a business trip in Arizona, and I had a lot of fun there. Would definitely go back if I ended up there again on another trip (I'll drink less next time though ;))
5	I gotta say.I've been in here a few times and each time I had a great time!Really great time!Singing along at the top of my lungs to Billy Joel songs great time!HOWEVERI've always stopped here after bar hopping a bit.  This was kinda the last stop... and we were all pretty buzzed each time we visited this place.I dunno.I have fond, fond memories of this place though.
3	The thing about the Big Bang is the first time you go it is THE funnest place!! The 2nd time you go, you're thinking to youself, wow- are all the same people requesting the songs again? Hmmm... so you decide to come back again a month or so later right? You may think it's going to be different and then you hear it... 'I've got friends in low places'... yep here we go again! It is a lot of fun when you go with people who have never been and the alcohol helps of course. I went a couple weeks ago and I am NOT kidding when I say they played about 4 new songs! They must have to practice for months of course before they feel confident enough to play in front of drunken people wanting to sing along. So I guess my word of advice is, go every 4 or so months and maybe you'll get to hear new stuff or it will have been long enough that you forgot the set list.
5	A coworker told us to go here because we are from out of town. Loved this place! The music was awesome, everyone is so talented and amazing! I was going out with a friend for a couple hours and ended up staying here until closing. I definitely recommend visiting this place.
5	I love this place. Its great for a fun relaxed night out, or for a friends birthday party or what have you. The music is good and interactive with the crowd, they help get you in a good mood. They take requests and do the best they can to sing everything they are asked, only once have they turned down one of mine, because they just didn't know it.If you go early between 5-8, they have fantastic drink specials aka happy hour. Beers, wines, wells are 2 bucks, everything else is 3 bucks. Can't beat that :). Also the earlier you go the easier it is to find the seat. Going after 8 it is almost impossible to find a table, and standing room is kind of limited. People some times say they play the same songs every night, and they do, because they know them, people request them all the time, and they are good group singing songs. And you have to admit to be up there playing the piano, drums or guitar and being to play a song on the spot with no music sheets is pretty awesome.
3	Big Bang is a great place to take your friends that are from out of town or if they are turning 21, they'll put on a personalized show for you on your b-day. Other then that it's impossible to get a drink on the weekend and can get pretty hot and crowded at times. Going on an off night can be a good bet because you'll be able to get a table but there will still be plenty of people there, just not fire-hazard amount which you can find on the weekends. The dueling pianos is what makes the bar but it's the same 15 songs that we all know by heart that are played every night. You should defiantly go and check it out if you've never been there.
5	The Big Bang is my happy place. Seriously.No matter what is going on I can drag some friends out to the Big Bang, have a drink and sing along as the stresses of the day just drift away.Sing me a song Piano Man- I'm in the mood for a melody and you've got me feeling alright!
5	Awesome place. Great atmosphere. I've been there a couple of times, on the weekends and in the middle of the week. Not exactly a place to mingle as it gets really loud, but if youre with a bunch of people you know you should have a nice time. Last time I went there was on a Tuesday and it was actually kinda busy. It was my friend's 21st bday and he did the whole getting on the stage thing. He tried to dance, but he wasnt that drunk yet. Afterwards someone gave him a 252 which he threw up almost right away. It wasnt chunky, and it wasnt a lot, but rules are rules. One of the bouncers followed him to the bathroom a little later and nicely asked us to leave. I have never been kicked out of a place in such a polite way before. (not that I get kicked out very often) We ended up running into the same bouncer at the Cue Club a few minutes later and he was cool and took a picture with us.All things considered, we had a good time. Don't Stop Believing, Piano Man and YMCA were some of the songs playing, and I'm pretty sure I ordered 3 drinks but only got charged for 2.
5	FINALLY. I tried coming here one time before and the line was ridiculously long to get in. Now I have a good understanding of why so many people want to come here! It's POPPIN'!!! I wish they had a place like this in San Francisco where there are dueling pianos and drunken college folks who just sing along whether or not they know the lyrics.Cover was $6 I think but well worth it since the drinks are fairly inexpensive (from a city girl standard)...$6-7 roughly. You can request songs to the pianists but they'll really only get to your request if you throw in a few dollars for tip. One lady threw in $20 and her song was automatically played. She even got to sit up there with them. I would definitely come back to the Big Bang when I'm in town next. Bring a few friends, get a table in front (if possible) and enjoy the entertainment.
5	Went here with the gf. Fun and entertaining place to drink and have a good time. First of all, good luck finding any eating whatsoever. Two pianos duke it out with classic songs and you can request songs with a tip. Don't think they only play cheesy showtunes. They do at times, and sometimes you can just sit there laughing at grown men belting out every word like they are own stage. Other times they drag unwilling people to stage and make them sing the words. All in all, a good time. Minus the Arizona heat.
4	Like Billy Joel said, "Sing us a song, you're the piano man, Sing us a song tonight".  That's just one of the many, many songs that you will find your self singing along too.  This place is so much fun.  Beers are average price for a Tempe bar so can't complain about that, but no where else can you have this much fun listening to someone play the piano.  The one downside is the restrooms...this place get so crowded, like beyond crowded and yet they still only have 1 bathroom with just a few toliets in it...so there's always a line...always.  If you have someone visiting from out of town and want to show them a good time in the tempe area...take them here.
1	It drives me crazy how many of my friends are tricked into going to this dump. I hate this bar. If I wanted to pay scottsdale prices for drinks....I would go to scottsdale. I know its crazy. Oh? I have to pay cover to get into a bar in tempe, ha what a joke. People, please stop being duped into going here. The only people who should be going to this pit are kids for their power hour or people taking their parents out to drink when they are in town cuz your mom would like it.
5	this is WAY better than karaoke and a thousand times more fun. Definitely not the scene for people who weren't raised on classic rock. if all you love is R & B and the only songs you know by heart are rap, you're not going to like it here (as much as i do!!!).I'm always stoked to come here and get to sing a little diddy about jack and diane, while together we lament the day the music died and have one last dance with mary jane until the midnight hour when we cried MORE MORE MORE! In the very end we'll put bread in their jars and say "man, what are you doing here?!"The Big Bang is a huge hit, with the entertainment truly making this place. i've come in here by myself, with a large group of people and with just a significant other. it doesn't matter who i'm with, we're all in here to get great drinks and shout great classic memories along with the (VERY) talented pianists... who all also double as drummer and bassists/guitarists. I highly recommend this barrel-of-monkeys type entertainment. but beware! the language gets foul and we all get a little rowdy. and if you didn't understand my paragraph on what gets me so stoked about this place, you're not going to "get" why so many people love it here.
4	Fist off, any bar in a basement is cool.Secondly, a place where a ton of drunk asses are singing tunes to banging pianos is ok with me. They don't seem to charge a cover on the weekdays, and the drinks are pretty cheap. I love Monday Miller Lite night for $2 per bottle. They don't seem to ever get stumped, and I have come up with some pretty creative songs for them. The other night they played some shit that I've never even heard.Everyone here is cool, and the place does infact get pretty busy. Go early and grab a seat by the stage and don't let go of it.
3	I've been to a few piano bars, this one was probably the worst of them.Here's the problem. I think most people get that the pianists work for tips. Fine, remind us every once in a while. But don't beg in between every single song, then stop mid-song to beg even more. Just play your fucking songs, let the crowd get into it, and the money will come flowing as the crowd has a few more rounds.It's a pretty cool set-up though, lots of potential.
2	I've had a good time here with friends before, but I just want to warn everybody on Yelp that some good friends of mine got drugged here last year and management was seemingly indifferent when they reported it the next day.I mean yeah, it's a lot of fun, but I recommend getting beer in a bottle or something not mixed.
3	I love piano bars... I can't say that I've had a bad time ANYTIME I've been to one, but the atmosphere at The Big Bang might have been my least favorite out of the ones I've been to. We went on a Friday night and it was beyond crowded... we couldn't get anywhere near the pianos. Heck, it was a LOOOONG wait to get into the bathroom. And, once we did get into the bathroom, we found out that there was only one usable stall because there were college girls puking in the other stalls- guess that's a hazard of going out around ASU. They did have good drink deals and the piano players were great. I'd like to go again, but probably not on a Friday or Saturday night.
1	You know that feeling of being taken advantage of the morning after a one night stand? Well I have it after going to this place.About 15 of us girls went there to celebrate a birthday. We got there early (7:50pm)  and were surprised by the $8.00 cover. We argued that it was not 8 yet but their clocks are what they go by. ..Oh well, we each paid it and then desperately tried to find a table - what a joke! We ended up at two high-top tables in the very back with a big ceiling support blocking half the stage. The drink prices are very high (Scottsdale high!), the bathrooms are disgusting and small and the piano players beg constantly for tips. Another disappointment was the 2 male piano players went on break shortly after we got there and a female singer took their place. She is good but there is something wrong about hearing a female sing Elton John and Billy Joel. Leave the girl songs to the girl and the boy songs to the boys!Anyway... 2 hours later, we were out of cash and annoyed by the high alto singing - we left and won't be back.Save yourself some money - go to a local bar and listen to Karoke!!
4	I love The Big Bang and I'm not embarrassed to admit it. There's something about coming here on a Friday night after a long day at work, getting drunk, singing loudly, and imagining that I'm a rock star (and not tone deaf) that just puts me in a good mood. Yeah, there's a cover and the drinks aren't cheap but it's still a good time. I try not to pee when I come here because the lines are always long and once I break the seal I am a goner.
4	This is the first piano bar I've ever been too. Amazing idea, I will continue to look for these places all over. I was on a trip to Arizona and happened to find this place by luck! It was am amazing time! So much fun watching people dance on stage, lots of popular classic and cheesy songs played. Happy hour till 8:00pm, ALL drinks are only $3!! If you are ever in Tempe, Arizona, you must go to this bar! Loud, fun, crowded place, so much fun singing along to all the songs at the top of my lungs, met lots of people! The piano playing started out pretty good and then went to amazing, the man who was bald was amazing, he plays piano with his toes and can play piano and and harmonica at the same time! Get there early like we did to get a table, it gets packed by 9pm all the tables fit in front of the stage hold about 4, at most, big parties will have to split up, stand, or get a bigger table farther back, but it's not a problem, you can see the stage good from almost everywhere.
5	I love this place! Music is great and the artists all provide endless hours of entertainment and fun.
3	I wasn't really feeling it at Big Bang this weekend.  After wasting 24 dollars on entrance fee and subpar food at the Greek Fest, we walked over to Big Bang to check out the dueling pianos.  They have quite the Happy Hour, where EVERYTHING is 3 dollars.  Unfortunately, apparently HH is the lame time to be here.  The piano players were good, but a little boring.  They weren't familiar with a lot of the requests, and that is kind of lame.  The place was far from packed except for the weird group up in the very front.  I have to admit I was surprised at the lack of pretty people here, because Shout House usually has a decent group of attractive people to stare at.  Oh well.  I'm going to assume this place perks up later on in the evening, but for now, it was just okay.
3	Big Bang is a pretty sweet thing when you consider how many cool spots there are in the Valley.  Residing under a bar where the women dress as slutty librarians which is under a Hooters, there are a lot of expectations for a place like this.  Unfortunately, it really doesn't do much right.  The music is fine but there are a lot of places where you can't see the piano.  It is just one of the limitations of the building.  The place is spread out over about 5 different levels which can either be hazardous or entertaining, depending on if you are the drunk trying to navigate back to your seat.  There is a bar at each end of the place but the lower/smaller one is the only one open during Happy Hour.  If you want to avoid college kids wearing $200 jeans, this is not a place for you.The positives are pretty awesome though.  $3 everything except Red Bull during Happy Hour is a pretty wicked deal.  It is close to the LRT stop on Mill Ave so it makes drunken bar hopping easy.  The booze selection is pretty good and the entertainment gets better as the night goes on.It's not a bad place.  Shout House is a bit better but is way out in Glendale and doesn't have LRT access.  If you want to go to a Piano Bar, this is a pretty good place.
4	Big Bang is kinda fun! It's a piano bar, where two guys have baby (?) grand pianos up against one another and they perform requests from the crowd. Everyone sings. Birthday boys and girls get on stage and get serenaded (iin a mildly dirty manner). The unfortunate problem with the Big Bang is the bar situation. Service is, well, kinda crappy. I had had three (yes, three) Grey Goose and sodas, and I wanted to get a dash of Chambord in one so my sister could try it. They wanted to charge a dollar for a dash, and I thought that was ridiculous and said so. There was a back and forth of girl attitude, but when I fight authority, authority always wins. I didn't pay the dollar, and we left shortly thereafter. If we had paid to get in (we all had assorted student IDs and Thursdays students don't pay a cover), I would only give the Big Bang three stars.  And had we not arrived super early and sat right up front, the crowd would have squished that third star down to a mere two.
3	Fun the first time, somewhat less so if you return.  They played a couple of fight songs, and Garth Brooks' "Friends in Lowly Places" or whatever the stupid song is called, every time I've been there.  Can be busy on weekends at night, in which case service is going to be so-so at best and you may be standing the whole time.
4	Giving the Big Bang four stars might be a little generous but it can be one hell of a night. I've been there a number of times to see my drunken friends get up on stage for their 21 Birthday.On the Weekend and Thursdays this will definitely be a college bar.The Piano players are good and most of the time very funny.My biggest gripe about the Big Bang is that it tends to get old fairly quickly. It's a real novelty so after your first time, let a little time go by before your next visit.
1	This place is pure crap! The players are sub-par and un-entertaining,  (especially Mike Clement and Julie Martinez).  , and the door men are ridiculously cheesy, and rude. I'm a regular at piano bars all over the country when I'm traveling (Pete's Piano Bar in Austin, Howl At The Moon in Scottsdale) and The Big Bang in Tempe is a terrible destination. Save your tips and bar $ for the aforementioned places and take my word for it.
5	Get here early if you want to grab seats and table...otherwise, after 9 or 10, the place is jam packed. The place is really rowdy and loud and the crowd and piano players get really into the music. I love that they play all kinds of music from Journey to TI... LOL! The only thing is towards the end of the night, they tend to recycle some of the same songs. But I guess those are what everyone requests.
5	I love this place!  Mike & Julie are amazing!  We had so much fun.  If your shy dont plan on sitting in the front because they may call on you for crowd participation.  I was amazed at how well they knew the most random songs.  The waitresses did a great job even when it was packed.  I would recommend going there to just about anyone looking for a good time.  If your a "stick in the mud" then just stay home. :)
5	While this place is a little pricey...it is totally worth it!  I love this place.  Yeah, yeah...it might get old over time - but for an occasional visit, there are very few bars in Tempe that beat this place.  The songs, the talent, the service, the surprises, all incredible.Just watch out - as others have mentioned - after 9 PM, this place is packed and getting a table is damn near impossible.  With that said, it's definitely a place you must go to if you're a student or just passing through.PS - They are very serious about the ID thing...don't ever try a fake here.  I never had one so I didn't have a problem, but I know plenty of people who got themselves in a nice bit of trouble because they tried their fake ID here.
4	As a fellow pianist I feel like I have to help get the word out about this place. Obviously from the number of reviews it's pretty well known, but because of its location and main attraction (dueling pianos) many outside of Tempe haven't heard about it. These entertainers are truly some of the most talented I've ever seen. Not only can they play you any tune you request, they can deliver it with a generous amount of raunchy comedy. Seeing them expand their performance to the guitar, bass, and synthesizer are also equally impressive.  It's such a great time taking part in singing along with hundreds of other people, too. I can't say enough about how much fun it is watching them work. If there is only one venue you should visit while on Mill Ave, this is it. As far as the bar goes, the prices are decent and they have a wide variety of options. I definitely wouldn't come here if I were trying to hold a conversation with anyone, it's more of the place you go after you've had a few (unless you get there early). This is one of the many places that  consistently charge a cover, which is a pain for me because I rarely ever have cash. Which brings up another aspect of Big Bang... if you plan on having your request played for you, you better tip well. Otherwise, you won't hear your song and don't expect the money back (but if you gave a crap tip, its the least you could do for such entertainment). It does get pretty packed in here, which at times can be uncomfortable. If you want a good table, arrive early. Again if you're not a frequent traveler to Mill Ave, make sure The Big Bang is on your list of stops. If you skip it you'll definitely regret it...
5	woohoo is right!  What a hoot!  Started off kinda slow but hey, it was 7 PM. Hubby and I took his sister and mom here for sis' birthday. We were in the second tier, pretty good seats. People in front of us were having a reunion or something for awhile but they settled down and we could see really good. The first two pianists were great, the younger guy's voice was kind of off, but awesome energy and great song choices. Have him sing George Michael/Elton John's -"Don't let the Sun go down on me".  Chills, I tell you. They change instruments and one will play the drums and that was cool too. Lots of tune possibilities! It's fun when they play something you want .  Just jot down the song on a napkin and run it up to the stage. If they don't want to play it,  they wad it up and throw it around. Whatever, were having so much fun.   The ambiance is nice, pretty dark but lots of Spirograph type lighting going on. Drinks were priced really good, I was shocked. Most everything was three bucks- beers, drinks, wine. There were specials after 8  too. Our waiter  Damien was real nice, always seemed to be there when we needed him too. No food available there but we knew before hand. You can bring your own or just grab something back up on Mill Avenue, steps away. How cool is that?     Crowd was mixed, some college, some boomers, good time for everybody. Can get a little raunchy but real tame compared to other stuff on Mill. I'll bet it's fun around Christmas!
4	I've been to the Big Bang a few times, always on a Fri or Sat night. Each time has been great. The dueling pianos are fun to hear and go back and forth. The players do an excellent job of getting the crowd going. Each player provides his/her own personality when playing. The drinks are reasonable and you're served pretty quick. There are some tubs full of bottled beer scattered along the floor if you don't want to wait at the bar..The only drag is that with the music going on, it can be very hard to hear someone talking with you.
4	Looking for your not so typical bar- Big Bang is definitely a good option. Let me forewarn you tho, if you don't do well in crowded places, this is not for you. Friday & Saturday nights especially make for an overcrowded venue and wait in line. There's a good amount of audience participation with all the songs and it's just an all around upbeat, fun environment that's a lil different than anything else Mill Ave has to offer.
3	I have to admit I've never done the whole mill party thing. After turning 21 my sights went more downtown than down mill. So when I thought about mill nightlife the only tempting place was The Big Bang. Finally I tried it out and was more entertained than I expected. For a Thursday the place wasn't too bad. By 11 there was a pretty big crowd with enough waitresses around to liquor you up enough to be creative with requests. I chose "Benny and the Jetts" which they played immediately and "I'd Rather Fuck You" by Easy E. To my surprise they gave it a shot and didn't do too bad. Even though they played the hilariously vulgar Easy tune they lost points by not saying Happy Birthday to my friend who was there with me to celebrate. So much for tipping nowadays. The bartender didn't know many drinks when I asked for suggestions but that's understandable with two years of bartending under your belt. Max. In summary GREAT TUNES Average Bar
5	Soooo fun! Love it for the night life, drinks and dueling piano entertainment!
5	What a great time! Friendly staff, talented players and well priced drinks. Where else can you go for a live music show where you get to be a part of the show?!? I've been there a few times and every time has been a blast.
3	the "bangers" are very good at what they do. unfortunately, if they don't know your song, they won't play it... even if you tip. boo.
3	For entertainment alone, The Big Bang would get 5 stars. But since it is virtually impossible to get in without a 15 to 45 minute line, find a place to sit let alone stand, I give it 3 stars. There are two reasons to visit this bar:#1 If you are from out-of-town and have never been to a dueling piano bar... or#2 It's your 21st birthday.The musicians they have are downright amazing on the piano, and are quite the comedians with the audience. They have pretty decent drink specials during the week, but rarely any specials on the weekend.If you would like to check this place out, I would suggest you get there early (say nine-ish) and get a table. Once the place starts filling up, it can be packed and completely miserable... even if you are drunk and singing "Eveeeerry rose has it's thorn...jussst like eveeeery night has it's dawwwwn. Every cowboy sings a sad, sad song....eveeeery rose has its thoooorn."
4	I had an awesome time at The Big Bang. We didn't stand in line, only paid a $3 cover, and found a good spot down by the pianos. The musicians are unbelievable. Not only can they play every instrument, they know all the words to every song. I was impressed to say the least. I would say the prices of the drinks are a little expensive for a college bar...$5 for a Bud Lite?? Really? Where I went to college, I paid $5 for a pitcher of Bud Lite. My only complaints were the stickiness of floors and they didn't play my song "Fat Bottom Girls". Boo.
3	The music was awesome.Everything else? So not my scene.My BFF was in from Colorado, and since I'm missing her official bachelorette party, we decided to have a small one in Phoenix. I got her a flashy pin and garter from Fascinations, and we headed over to the Big Bang.We had to wait in line behind some college kids who may or may not have had fake IDs -- it sure took the bouncers a long time to figure it out. Luckily, we were there early (9pm ish on a Saturday), so the line wasn't too horrible.  Cover was $3.  It wasn't packed when we got it, but the only seats were at the long bars in the back.  It had looked like the was waitress service there, but after 10 minutes and no waitress, we headed to the bar for a drink.  Bartender was amusing.The music, again, was great.  I can't imagine how difficult it must be to be able to go song to song to song like that.  However, it seemed almost impossible to get your requests in over the huge number (5 or 6?) of large bacherlorette and birthday parties with 10-15 people in them, and as we were just starting the night, this was definitely not fun for sober people.  I don't drink a lot, but even my 1 washington apple didn't increase the atmosphere. I think we left after an hour.Good for drunk people, 21st birthdays, etc. Not good for people with a little class.
5	This place is always fun and the drinks are pretty good. If you love singing along then this is your place. The pianos are always going, and for the right price, you can always request a song. I think the fact that it's in the basement is awesome; I mean 4 places to go out at, all stacked on four floors. You don't find that in Phoenix anywhere to my knowledge.If you're going on a weekend night (Thurs-Sat) be prepared to get here early. It fills up fast, despite the cover, and finding tables is difficult regardless of your party size. There are bars at the entrance, and another on the far side (lowest level) next to the stage. Plenty of servers around to help.Just come prepared to have a good time, some cash for cover, and early if you want to get a table.
5	This place is like a scene from Cheers. Everyone is happy and generally quite intoxicated. There is always a line after 10pm even though there is a cover. On Thursdays, the cover is waived for "students" aka anyone with a student ID.  It does fill up on Thursday through Saturday nights. The staff is pretty friendly and attentive. The crowd gets to request songs and then as the night goes on more and more people join in singing and dancing along. Only come here if you are up to have a good time and don't mind crowds!!! If it your birthday and you're on Mill Ave, definitely check this place out!!!My favorite part of coming here is the amazing music, sing-alongs, and the cool bumper stickers that say "I got banged @ the Big Bang" and other variations ;)
3	Not truly my scene, but it was fun. I probably just wasn't into it that night. I try to be a fun participant. Drinks were cold, music was the popular kind to sing along to. I'd go again.
5	Love, love, love The Big Bang!! It is almost always a raucous good time.  If you go often enough however, the songs can get  a bit repetitive, since of course the same popular ones are played just about every night.  But they have excellent musicians who do their best to put on a fab show, and decently priced drinks.  That's enough to keep me happy!
5	The Big Bang is most definitely my favorite bar in Tempe, if not the greater Phoenix area. I am usually there a few times per month and the entire staff is very friendly, the drinks are flowing and the entertainment is great! The servers are friendly and the piano players provide a great show! Its a great bar for getting away from the usual douche bag Mill Ave crowd.
4	Oh piano bars...nothing says fun like drunkenly singing along to your favorite songs and this place delivers. Unlike many places I wander or stumble into *giggle* this one seems to attract people that are actually out to have a fun night regardless of what's going on around them. So this time, a group of fun-time public defenders and I arrived pretty early in the evening, so we were able to secure a great spot. Now, if you haven't seen a group of 15-20 drunken lawyers requesting songs, then you haven't lived, my friend. The first request was 'Boyz N Da Hood' by N.W.A. followed by 'Mandy' by Barry Manilow and it got progressively stranger from there. If you are looking to do something different that will take you by surprise, and want to have a great time, this place is awesome.
1	Gave the Big Bang another chance, have always enjoyed it. Someone needs to take the steriods out of the bouncers drinks. I went in with my BF (he was stone cold sober) and was turned away at the door. Apparently we were too drunk? Are you kidding me? Big Bang, your service has always sucked but I forgave that since I liked the music. I'm not a co-ed so please don't treat me like one. I'm more than happy to spend my money elsewhere.
5	My favorite bar on Mill Avenue.I always have a great time here. The music is fun and they play all different kinds. I love the fact that there is no down time between songs. The musicians rotate to keep the music going.Drinks could be cheaper, but oh well.I'll be back to sing along soon!
5	In the years I've been enjoying the valley bar scene I've almost always avoided Mill avenue.  The exception to that rule is and always will be The Big Bang!  I love this place.  I hadn't been in a while but went back last weekend and remembered why I love this place so much.  Everyone you deal with that works there is super fun and nice.  The atmosphere is amazing, it forces you to not take yourself to seriously, just enjoy the night!  Drinks are tasty and reasonably priced in my opinion.  The entertainers are hands down amazing!  I had such a great time!
3	Music 5 Stars. They are amazing! Staff 3.5 stars. They are there but could care less. Drinks 3 stars. Small cups, light pours. Clientele 1 star. I will explain. We have been here 3 times over the years 2 or the 3 there have been reasons to throw down and get dirty. I do not know if it is because we are so close to ASU or what but there are some real DB and DB ho's there. It seems like everyone there is only concerned with themselves. I have never been somewhere like that. EVERY time too. LOL Get there around dinner, at least you will have a place to sit. PS I really do not want to see what this places looks like in the light.
4	Came here one night during Spring Training.  It was the best night night out.  Great piano bar.  Very entertained.
4	Well here we are, we made it to phoenix and since everything downtown is depressing and moreover, closed at 6, lets go check out the famed Mill Ave in what is one of the top party schools. ok so after a initially scope out, it seems the only place capable of whetting this apetite would be to venture into the netherareas of Tempe, thats right, follow the screams coming from the basement of Hooters and The Library. I take it that this was a house band, or at least a fairly reocurring act, so that tells me that the owners fell its a good representation of the bar and the people in it, so I will take teh liberty to review the band as part  of the Bar- and I liked them. Dueling piano bands and the like (as this was less of a true piano duel, but more of a top notch cover show) need to have a broad all encompasing knowledge of music, but more importantly, display it in a way that is entertaining and more or less, good music. Female lead was great, guest fiddle player really good, other musicians i guess ok becuase i dont remmeber good or bad about them, just the drummers seemed a little lackluster, Maybe it seemed that way becuase of the rotating door of percussionist taking a turn on the stool, but coming from a drummer I hold them in a little higher standard and Id say they played OK.Cool venue, almost too many levels and I can see how if packed it can very easily turn into a bad layout- I liked this place, especially becuase of a decent crowed on a MOnday night during finals week= my type of party crowed.
4	This was my first stop on my 21st birthday. There was a $3 cover that I didn't have to pay because, duh, it was birthday! It was slow because of the holidays and lack of students on campus. It was still really fun. There were two guys playing piano and they played a big range of tunes. I was given a free shot for my birthday and my other drinks were purchased for me so I'm not sure how expensive everything was. It was super fun to drunkenly sing along to Kiss, Journey, and whatever else they felt like playing. I'd definitely go do it again.
3	Meh.I went to Big Bang a lot during the peak of my ASU bar hopping days, but never fell in love with the place. It was (still is?) one of the only bars on Mill that charges cover. I don't recall any decent drink specials; domestic beers only. Of course, everyone's in love with the dueling pianos. Sure it's fun when you're inebriated, but gets old fast. I hear the exact same songs every time I go. I personally guarantee you'll hear 'What I Got' and  'Sweeeeeeet Caroline' at least once.Overall, a solid veteran of the Mill Ave scene.
5	A dueling sing-along piano bar? I'm so there! If you're a fan of live karaoke, then you're going to love this place even more!The Big Bang is located sub-street level below Hooters (nice combo, right?) - you can't miss the neon sign. Get here before 10pm to get a seat at one of the tables up front next to the stage. The place gets pretty packed later on at night. It was so much better to be right up in the action.The musicians are super talented. The crowd gets them to "BANG THIS" - by requesting songs on cocktail napkins (include a few bucks as a tip to make sure they play your song). I don't know how they do it, but they know all the lyrics and the music to every song. How I wish I had a database like that in my head. They played everything from Billy Joel, Journey, Bon Jovi to Red Hot Chili Peppers, Cee-Lo Green and Sublime. Sometimes all four pianists were on stage, but two of them would hop onto the drums and bass and play together as band. It was really amazing!Drinks are ok, crowd is really diverse, and on some nights there's a cover but there are daily specials. But you really can't hate on this place - it is SO much fun! We ended up staying there the entire night. I think every party should have dueling pianos. In fact, I think I might consider having them at my wedding some day!
4	Hells yes!  Big Bang was my first experience at a dueling piano bar and I think I'm in love.  I now insist that my friend, who goes to ASU, meet me here when I'm in town for work.  All of the pianists are incredibly talented and they take requests throughout the night - if you leave enough money under your request napkin.  They put on a great show regardless.It's really loud but what else would you expect?  The drinks are good and decently priced.  After all, most of the clientele are college students on a budget.  Service is slow but I can't say that surprises me in a crowded bar.If it's your birthday, they'll get you up on stage and embarrass you in front of all your friends.  You thought you were going to be serenaded?  HA!
3	As an ASU student I should probably be a little more well versed with the Mill Ave. scene than I actually am. I haven't spent much time down here, but I really liked the Big Bang. Now, homegirl can get down to the rap tunes. Booty shaking is something I have no problem with, but I really like the atmosphere with the dueling pianos. Everything is really fun and lighthearted. Get there early if you want a table because the place really fills up after 10pm. There is a cover, and they don't really offer any drink specials. But the music is really worth it. The pianists are almost impossibly talented, and they will play anything you request. All you have to do is write your request on a napkin and send it up with a few dollars. I almost died of happiness when they played "Don't Stop Believing" by Journey. Check this place out at least once; the experience is more than worth it!
3	Fun place, fun music, been here dozens of times and can tell you that the vibe of the crowd on any given night can really effect this place.  Ive been here on some nights when I would say its the best bar in the world, and on others I cant down my drink fast enough to get out of there.  Good to take a group of friends.
4	Really nice place.  Fun atmosphere and I love the musicians.  Happy hour is 6-8 with 3 buck top shelf mixed drinks.  Awesome.  Can get a bit crowded, and hard to find seating, but it's on mill, so that's to be expected.
5	This is my favorite bar to go to in Tempe by FAR! For those who don't know this is a dueling piano bar. You can request songs by putting cash on the pianos, but there is really no need. They will eventually get to every song imaginable for a piano bar. And if you have something unique you'd like to hear, plan to wait an hr or give $20 toward it. Just a heads up. Now if you go on the weekend and would like a table where you can actually see I recommend getting there by 9pm the latest. And if you have a party of more than 4, be there by 8pm. No joke, this place gets packed. And there is a $5 cover as well. But don't we bothered by that because the drinks are very reasonable so that makes up for it. The basement atmosphere really helps to set the mood here. Once you have a few drinks flowing through your blood you will be singing along to Billy Joel and Madonna. Now drink up you b*tch, you Slut, you whore! (you'll get in once you go) ;-)
4	I purchased the HomeRun deal - $1 for admission AND a free cup of draft beer. DEFINITELY worth it! However, I doubt I'll come back on a night they charge cover (which is basically everyday, I believe). It was my first time at a piano bar, and was pleasantly surprised at how fun the night was. My friends tell me that piano bars in San Diego play contemporary and top 40 songs, so I was expecting to jam to piano renditions to the latest tunes. Although I didn't know several songs the piano duos played, I still found the live entertainment fun and lively.If you find a table, the waitresses are very attentive and come by often to check if you're thirsty. I don't know if they do this every night, but they have a contest for a free party at the Big Bang for 100 of your friends if you could name the "corniest song of the 80s" -- this was our topic of the night. People would write the name of a song down on a napkin, put down cash, and the pianists would play it and wait for other patrons to outbid you.
5	We had a great time in a great atmosphere with great music. Fridays & Saturdays are the best! John the bartender is the shizzy & we always tip him well cause he takes great care of us! Love it!
1	I travel to Arizona all the time and tend to end up at Mill Ave..... I have tried to go to The Big Bang and all I have to say is Classless. They think they are so pretentious. They kick you out if you seem to be having a good time but really they are just rude and the bouncers think that they are better than everyone in that place. They have a cover charge which i think is rediculous! I will not be going there...there are so many other great bars on mill that I can enjoy a drink with out feeling like they make me feel (Low Class)
4	My husband and i went there last night using our homerun certificate. i bought 2 homeruns, the one we used last night was worth it because it only cost a dollar that included cover and 1 draft beer. the other coupon i bought i should not of because we will probably be getting there when cover charge is free,which i did not know before i bought the coupon. anyway it was a fun place, very loud where we were sitting and i dont know if the air was broken or not but we were sweating like crazy and we were just sitting and not moving around. we will be going back as i still have one more homerun to use, going with friends this time. hopefully we will sit down front and it will be cooler.
4	This is my SPOT!  It's a good place to hit at some point during your night on Mill.  The music is always good (even if you've never heard of the song the performers are phenomenal), the drink prices aren't awful, and it is one of the best places to people watch on Mill Ave.  If it had an official dance floor (as opposed to the one all the drunk people improvise at the front) then this place would get 5 stars.  You have to check it out !
4	The Big Bang is a BLAST!  The music never stops and they play a great selection of old and new songs.  It's an upbeat and totally fun atmosphere.  The cover charge was $6 per person but worth it for the entertainment value!
3	Expensive. Funny how they have piano challenges, yet you have to pay to win. Ridiculous. My song I chose won at the end because someone paid money for it. Stupid. Save your money. Unless your song is from the 80's, they won't play it! Highly disappointed sadly
4	Overall, a really good time. Yes, they charge a cover at the door which sucks but you are seeing people play music and entertain. I'd pay $6 any day to watch people do what they love and have a good time. Drinks are reasonably priced, a little higher than other places but still pretty decent. The only reason I gave it 4 stars was because of the lack of seating for everyone. I really liked the atmosphere though so it makes up for it. A basement is definitely the best place for a bar like this.I recommend going at least once and experiencing it for yourself.
3	We tried this place after buying a BuyWithMe deal.  I emailed them on Wednesday to make reservations for Friday and they still had tables available.  About a month ago I had tried and they were all booked.  Anyway, on the BuyWithMe certificate it says they hold reservations until 9:30, but was told in the email that they only hold reservations until 8:30, but they would be happy to hold ours until 9pm.We got there about ten 'til 9 and our our table was still available.  The staff was super friendly and fun.  Our server was great.  We were never without a drink.  The only other piano bars I've been to were in Vegas....the first being at Harrah's.  It was these blond twins and they were just fabulous!  These guys were good, but they just lacked the showmanship and vocals that the Vegas show had....but, Tempe isn't Vegas.All in all, a fun place.  I'm not sure if I'd go back without some sort of deal, but I'm definitely not disappointed that we went.
4	This is a super fun place to go to, just make sure that you make reservations to get a table.
5	I am a complete idiot for going to Mill Ave for 2 years off and on driving up from bum town Sierra Vista to party at mill. first time going to this place and wow i was hooked the first 5 minutes of being there. the musicians they have performing there are AWESOME!!! pick a song out of your head and 98% of the time they will know it and if its something you really wanna play them slap down a few extra bucks. multiple bars and tubs with beer in it so almost no problem getting a drink. all in all 5 stars. by far my favorite place on mill ave
1	Ridiculous. I went to meet up with people. The guys at the top of the stairs let me in because I didn't have cash. My boyfriend found cash and paid anyways for both of us. We went down the stairs to enter the place and our friends walked out. We promptly walked back up the stairs and asked for a refund since we didn't go in the building. The employees collecting fees said no. They were rude and uncaring. I asked for the manager and they laughed. Talk about a rip off. Never going back, never recommending this place, and never saying good things about it.
3	Typical Piano Bar in a college area - shitty drinks, average entertainment, & crowded.I will say, our drinks came fast, however I am disappointed with the drinks themselves - watered down. If you are drinking, stick to something straight up and/or beer. Their entertainment was alright, but I have been to MUCH better piano bars that have wicked awesome entertainment. I was totally not blown away.And the crowds...I am upset that we had to pay a cover for this place. It wasn't worth it.I doubt I will be back.I will say, however, that I was incredibly intoxicated by the end of the night and totally had the worst hangover of my life the two days following my trip here. I wish I could say the place was worth it, but it was really the company I kept that made it alright!My overall thoughts? Try it out and judge for yourself. I didn't like it because it was truly not my type of crowd, but you might enjoy it!
4	Both entertaining and somewhat exciting, this bar is fun if you want to participate in what's going on around you.Big Band is a dueling piano that features music by request. It's fun the first time, but can get somewhat dull after your second or third visit. How many times can you hear Journey played on a piano? Despite the repetition in music, it's still a blast to hear it played live by local talent.There is a cover charge on the weekends (UGH!) and the cost of drinks are high for the small plastic cups you get in return. But for the entertainment, you can't go wrong. Request for someone in your party to get on stage and play the tambourine.
1	So we got the groupon and reserved a good table. The music was awesome and the service was fast. Our entire group had a good time... Until the check came. Each of our tables paid our tabs and tipped at least 18%. Everything was cool until the waitress came back and spoke with our tables individually and solicited us for larger tips!!  She kept asking if her service wasn't good, and if it wasn't she wouldn't have gotten nearly what she got. She wouldn't go away and kept insisting we didn't tip her. I've never been solicited for tips when we obviously gave her enough.... And its not the first time I've heard this happen at the Big Bang. Its like they were taught to do that. We will never be back.
4	I was very pleasantly surprised by how good the Musicians were on this night.  I have never been to a Piano bar and found it quite entertaining. They do songs by request and even took requests for Rap songs such as Baby Got Back. I had a truly good time. I will definitely return and won't even mind paying the cover charge!The drinks were a bit weak so don't order any mixed drinks if you decide to go here, but definitely worth checking out.
5	Great  experience. They made my friends bachelorette party memorable and fun. Great place for a bachelorette party!
4	I got Banged again last night and it was great! We went to Big Bang to wait for our friends to meet up with us, and ended up staying for almost the whole night. Our server, Shelley was AWESOME! She let us know when a bigger table became available and I was never without a drink in my hand. The crowd was completely into the show and it looked like everyone was having a great time, not a sour puss in the place.  The performers are all so talented they even rocked Paper Planes by MIA!
4	A couple of us got Banged!  A great place to meet up with friends who want to have a good time by singing along with the double duty piano players.  Drinks are a bit over priced, but its a place when you can grab a table with your lads and have a good ole time.  They also have props for people to wear while they sing a long on stage.  A very friendly place.  Meeting new people while enjoying time with friends, what better could you ask for?
4	Went to visit my son and daughter in law this past weekend. We were at some casino which was a little lame and my daughter in law said let's go to The Big Bang. Dueling Pianos reminded me of Dueling Banjos and not something I am overly interested in. Got there and while my daughter in law and son were looking for some coupon at the newspaper rack the cool bouncer let me in with a stamp on my arm and a smile. Thank you kind sir. Kids finally met up with me and downstairs we went. What a trip, it was busy and everyone was having a great time. The crowd was mixed from college kids to older. The music was fantastic. I have to say it was one of the best parts of my vacation this trip to Arizona. It was good fun all the way around. I also want to mention our waitress was just a doll. Loved the bouncer on the side of the stage doing dance moves as were the bartenders. Just a gret evening and I will make sure to go back every trip out there.
3	Go to Bang if:You enjoy Billy Joel, Elton John, top 40 done via piano, people watching, standing if you can't get a table (and you probably won't unless you show up at 7pm), singing loudly to Journey while the drunk girl screeches next you, sweating.Don't go to Bang if: You hate all of the above, have issues with bachelorette or birthday parties, fear being dragged onstage to sing or dance while people judge you, you like your piano straight up - none of this guitar/drum nonsense at a dueling piano bar. If you have a headache or a stick up your ass, this place will not help. Cover at the door. Overall, fun place to visit but I wouldn't want to live here.
4	I come to the Big Bang when I feel like I need to unwind and have a good time with friends (because let's face it, I'm not about to start shouting out Party in the USA by myself!). I only give it 4 starts because of the lack of food and tiny bathrooms (3 stalls is not enough when the party really gets going - especially if you are a lady!)
5	I've never been to a piano bar before but this was great. I was mesmerize by how talented the people were jumping to different instruments after every song. Piano, guitar, drums, piano guitar and some pretty good singing. Couldn't believe there was a human karaoke machine playing the piano to every song.  There was a cover charge, but free if you are student (this was a saturday night I believe.) We were able to get seats, but the place was packed! You can definitely request songs along with a gracious tip, which they will notice more than the two or one dollar bills.If I ever come back to Phoenix, this is the place I would definitely like to come back to.
4	Went here to ring in the big 2-1 a few weeks back.  Was suggested by a friend before heading out but didn't think much of it.  While strolling down Mill Ave. I stumbled across the entrance (stairway heading down to a basement bar) and saw a crowd of some fine ladies heading in.  Figured it couldn't hurt to take a quick peak and see what this whole dueling pianos was about.What was supposed to be a drink and a few songs turned into rocking along and getting lost into the music for over 3 hours (and a long bar tab).   Not complaining here though, I thoroughly enjoyed my time rocking out to the live music, personable musicians and great atmosphere.Definitely going to come back again!
4	This place is a lot of fun for big groups or just to go with a few friends. The last time I was here, it was my birthday and boy do they celebrate birthdays! I got asked to the stage (with a few other people who also were celebrating a birthday) to be played and sing along...it was super fun! Just a heads up, if you plan to go on the weekends after 10pm, it's always super crowded and there's a cover charge. Buuuut, if you're looking for a fun (and a different) change of pace from the norm, this place is fun to visit. It's loud, entertaining and fun to sing along to the songs (that you know :)
5	The best of mill for Live music! Such a fun place!
3	$6 for cover on weekends, even if you're a lady. I've never paid that much for cover, even in Old Town! They only take cash at the door so come prepared. If you have a student ID, bring it, it'll get you in for free. Even if you don't/didn't go to ASU. After waiting in line, we made our way to the basement. The front half of the bar where all the tables are was pretty packed but there was still plenty of standing room. The back half of the bar was empty. What was that line for? It was hot outside and I worked up a sweat just waiting, not cute. When we got there, there was a girl and guy playing the piano/singing. The girl was horrible, her voice! As we were waiting in line, we thought they were doing some karaoking. The guy was pretty good though. Not the best dueling pianos I've been to although they did play some catchy tunes. The back part of the bar kind of seemed like a waste of space. They definitely could have put tables/booths/bar stools up there so that more people could get comfy. The point of a piano bar is to sit down and have a good time, listen to some good tunes and friendly bantering. Oh well.
5	Coolest place I've ever stumbled into. In less than five minutes, I had a beer in hand and was fist pumping to a Queen sing-a-long with a rowdy crowd. There was ample room to sit or stand, and I'm convinced Big Bang is a great bar for any audience.I would take a date here.I would take my parents here.I would take the guys here.I would even go here for a company/team meeting.Someone who doesn't drink would even have fun. Anyone between the ages of 21 and 100 needs to get underground for guaranteed good times!
4	Big Bang - you never let me down. We e-mailed you ahead of time and got our Happy Hour wristbands and free entrance for our party of seven. Thanks so much. Love the drink specials, the clean restrooms, and of course those terrific piano players. We were so pleased with our service - can't remember her name but boy she can belt out a rap song too. We'll be back.
4	Excellent. Good staff, really welcoming and friendly. We had an awesome experience here. Drinks were fairly priced and poured. The piano players were quite good. Could not give it 5 stars because that is reserved for NY NY Piano Bar in Las Vegas and Andy's Pub (Piano Bar) in Oslo.
4	This place is a gem hidden among the crappy, overcrowded bars on Mill. Though there is a small cover to get in, you usually get in free if you are a student. They have other specials that go on as well.I love the music. I'm a huge oldies fan and the mix of 70s-90s the talented Big Bang band plays just really gets me in a great mood. My boyfriend took me on a date here this past weekend after I had a crummy week and my spirits were lifted by the time we left. I couldn't stop singing along the entire night.The only two things that have bothered me when I've stumbled down into this piano bar are:1) Do they really play your requests? I, for one, have never had my request played, even if I've tipped. I am wondering if the band just plays only a few of the requested songs and the rest, songs they already know.2) Drinks are a little pricey, but what isn't on Mill?Love Big Bang and I'll be going here for years to come. Also, I can' t wait to take my parents! They'd have a blast.
4	Today, The Big Bang held their 1st family Christmas event.  SO MUCH FUN!!!It was a great time singing, dancing and children just having fun.  The whole band-piano players, drummer & guitar player were very interactive and engaging everyone to participate.  All the kids had the opportunity to request a song and they played almost all the requests. Kids under 12 were free, adults 5 bucks unless you brought a toy for a local charity...they had a few Marines which gave us local citizens an opportunity to say, "Thank You and Merry Christmas!"They had great prices for kids.. 2.50 for either hot chocolate, hot apple cider or juice with a special snack.   At the end each kid was greeted with a special candy bag.  The entire staff was very friendly and getting all of us into the Christmas spirit.  They had special table set for the kids to color, create special crafts and let their imaginations go wild.All in all, it was a great time. I hope they continue this event and make it annual.  We will definitely be there and bring more friends.
1	First off the piece of garbage so called bouncer said my picture wasn't me. I retorted, Really? He said yes, this isn't you, do you have a debit card or credit card with your name. I provided the proof, but like I told him my ID name is different from my real name, thanx SSA. But my picture still looked like me sans long hair. Anyway, we were told no cover charge and we were given two free drink tickets. Mr. Garbage bouncer, who will remain unnamed, said no we don't accept those. Even though it had their name and were laminated by the club.I asked why they had canvassers out on the street tonight handing these out? He said to get people to come to the club. But they don't accept the cards.Then he stated that I didn't have to give him attitude. I said asking questions and calling them on their false advertising practices was being rude!?!?!?!Don't waste your time or money on this establishment!
3	No cover on Tuesday through Thursday nights. Stopped here after an ASU game to check it out. It's not as big as it appears and on weekends it is probably too crowded to have fun. Dual piano bars are actually a concept that should have died years ago, but it carries on here with a couple of average piano dudes cranking out tunes. I didn't hear any vulgarity in my 30 minutes which is usually a staple of these joints - hopefully it got raunchier later. Sailor Jerry had drink specials that night, so that was a plus ($3.50 drinks). The crowd was a bit older that night, but also some drunk kid got rejected at the door prior to my entrance. Piano's don't do it for me, but it's another bar on Mill off the checklist.
5	The atmosphere and the staff are amazing!
4	Went to Rooftop with some friends and weren't feeling the atmosphere so we began to head to Canteen. On our way, we passed the entrance to Big Bang and decided to go down and check it out. So glad that we ended up heading down. The atmosphere is so relaxed and laid back. We ended up staying for about an hour or so just drinking beers and listening to the music. Can't wait to go back in the near future and expose more of my friends to this somewhat overlooked gem on Mill Ave.
2	A few friends and I went to AZ during spring training and I knew one of the places we had to go was Big Bang.  I emailed a few weeks before to get on the VIP list and we were all set.  I used to visit Tempe often when my sister went to ASU and we went here a few times and always had a great time.We went out to dinner at a place across the street and had a few drinks.  After dinner we headed over to BIg Bang and retrieved our wristbands. My boyfriend and a friend walked across the street to buy some cigarettes so the rest of us headed in and got our first round of drinks and a table.  When my boyfriend and friend came back the bouncer at the door would not let him enter because he said he was too drunk. WHAT?!?!?  I asked to speak with the manager and she seemed to want to help. She spoke with the bouncer first before even speaking with my boyfriend and I to assess the situation.  When I approached her she stated that she was taking the bouncers side and would not let my boyfriend in. Again, without even talking to us or anything. It was crazy!  I kind of had the feeling that the bouncer had it out for us.  It was all so strange.
4	Mill Ave in Tempe usually has very chill bars where mostly college kids go to.  I have to say that I would have never thought I would run into a Piano Bar.  Although our stay was not long here because we came too late to get a seats (arrive around 9 pm), there was an excellent and fun.  The crowd here is a good mix of young and middle-aged folks.  If you have a student ID, there is no cover too, which is a huge plus.
3	My friend won a party here so I was able to go for free. No cover. I had a good time. The music was great, mostly 70-90s. Nothing current really. This place is definitely geared toward a more middle aged crowd. My parents would love this place. There were a couple of bachelorette parties. People were singing and generally having a great time. I also like the fact that it wasn't crowded. Plenty of room.I didn't like the drinks or the bartenders though. Expensive for low quality alcohol and the bartenders had an attitude, like they didn't seemed thrilled to be working there, and were generally annoyed with the patrons.I would return but I wouldn't pay to get in (that sounds bad but no other way to put it). Just an ok establishment for me but I did have fun.
1	This used to be my favorite bar.  Had scheduled to have my bachelorette party there.  Even send out Evites to all my friends.  All I did was smile and show my "bride to be" sash to the doorman.  He rudely deemed my unfit to enter, even though 3 other where more than happy to help me and my party celebrate my special night.
5	Usually go there on a weekend but decided to go during the week. There was free admission do we stopped by. The place held a few people who just like us just wanted some entertainment on a weekday. We had a blast!  Sat up front and sang every song. The two singers were full of energy which got the crowd singing and laughing. Great place to be entertained and to chill on a hot day.
2	OMGosh this place is so ghetto!! We got in for free through yelp so that made me feel a lot better. We got in around 12 and there was a batchelorette party going on. The place was pretty dead besides those girls. Not sure if it was the time we got there or just that it's not great.The guys on the piano were really funny but honestly this was not what I expected for a dueling piano bar. I brought a few friends who had never been to a bar like this and I was extremely disappointed that I brought them to this one for their first time.
4	I enjoy dueling piano bars. I am always amazed at the talent on display. Like many, however, it can be hit or miss depending on the day or time that you come. I've been to the Big Bang a few times. My latest visit was probably the most disappointing, especially looking at the musicians. But it still was decent, especially if you are just looking to have a good time with some friends and drinks. Obviously, being so close to campus, the atmosphere is going to be tied to a college crowd. Expect it to be rowdy at times, and they don't hold back with language, etc. If you can get a table, you will enjoy the experience much more.
5	We always have a great time at this bar! Employees are friendly and the music is great! Best of all there are so many places to  sit but still lots of space to dance!!! One of our favorite places on mill :)
5	This is one of my favorite spots on mill, great music, and a fun environment all around. The staff are always great, like last time i went there our server jess was joking with us and always on top of our drink requests, and even the barback bill took a moment to say hi to us.
4	Josh and Bruce were amazing guys, and so much fun. They are the best. Have fun at this bar!
4	Time and time again I've had an amazing time at this bar. The atmosphere is what makes it. It seems to be the bar on Mill that has the least amount of frat boys, and that is always a good thing. Get yourself and a group of your friends who love drunken sing-a-longs and you're bound to have a good time. The musicians they've hired in the live band are those prodigious kind of musicians that can play basically any riff in any key at the drop of a hat. You won't always see the same musicians there every time. There are a handful of musicians that seem to play on a rotation of some sort. But don't fret, they are all epic if you like piano rock. Make sure you eat beforehand, because they don't serve food. Also, come with a decent amount of $$ because the drinks can be pricey. Typical Mill prices. They don't get a fifth star because the last time I was there, the waitress lost my debit card and blamed me for it. My party and I asked for a manager because we all witnessed my check come back with no debit card in it. Once we contacted the manager, what do you know, they had transferred my debit card from the bar upstairs, to the bar downstairs. ?????????? No idea why. Still love this place!
5	This piano bar is so much fun. My review is for the entertainment alone, since I was the designated driver that night and did not drink. Came here with a large group of friends the day before New Year's Eve, so it was pretty dead (read: plenty of seats). I hear it's usually quite packed though. There were three or four rotating musicians that night and they were all really good at what they do. Good music, good comedy, and good entertainment. Will definitely want to return if I'm ever on Mill again.
5	@@ Note: I don't drink@@ this review is about the atmosphere. You will sing, clap ? Dance. Have the best time ever!
5	So fun!  Decent prices and great entertainment.  One of the best places on Mill.
5	There were many places on the street with huge lines but coming from Chicago, I wanted to try something different, how can you go wrong with live music? There was a cover, but with a check-in on yelp, I saved a few bucks. Plus, my husband and I were the 20% of people that were not in college at this fun bar. Bartenders were very busy on a late Friday night, but they did their best to give the attention. Wide open bars, great music, fun times. Glad we stopped in here.
5	Always our favorite bar to come to when we visit each year for Spring Training. Good drinks, fun atmosphere & entertaining crowd. Josh is a great employee who dances along with the music & always makes sure we have a good time! Keep up the good work Big Bang!
5	Mesmerizing.Riveting.Entertaining.Arousing. Amazing.Scandalous.Awe-inspiring....And that's just Josh's face.   (His butt is 4 stars.)In all seriousness, I rolled in with a big, loud, obnoxious group of fun-loving Oakland baseball fans and every single one of us had so much fun that we went back the next night for St. Patty's day.  Drinks were reasonable- $3 green beers, $5 premium drafts, $7 angry balls.  The musicians were excellent- the songs become obscene, the crowds were excellent, and Josh's dancing could use some work (But he tried REALLY hard!).  Musicians covered country, pop, classics, and gangsta rap.  (Check out Mikey C droppin' "B*tches ain't Sh*t") :D  It's not just pianos, but a full drum kit, bass, and the occasional horn, and the musicians are constantly rotating positions.We hit Mill Ave last year while we were in town and had a one-star time, but this year Mill Ave was totally dead, (probably had to do with it being a Monday) and St. Patty's was a five-star affair thanks to The Big Bang.  See you next year, pals!
4	Came here on a Friday night with a group of 15 ladies for a bachelorette party. I had contacted the club and was emailed back quickly by Anthony. He helped set us up with admission and even kept an eye out for tables for us once we were there. The venue is great and we all loved the dueling pianos. They did a great job of embarrassing our bride, which is exactly what you want for a night like this. As I said, Anthony was great and really helped make this night one to remember.
5	Had been wanting to come here for a while so when I looked up the review from Kath H, I decided to book my bachelorette party.  Anthony was absolutely fabulous to work with, in planning the evening! No better seating!  Was a super fun night and will definitely be coming back with more friends!  What a friendly fun environment with talented charming pianists! Thank you for making the evening as good as it could be!
4	Fun place! Go check it out
5	These folks know how to have fun! Lots if fun songs! I had a great time! So will you!
1	This is the worst place on mill ave. We decided to purchase 2 tables for my roommates graduation party and for some reason one of the dweeb bouncers kicked out the graduate for "pushing him". My roommate was respectful when the bouncer asked him to get off the stage immediately and his response was to remove him from the bar. I was standing directly behind it when the ordeal happened and that was not the real story. The bouncer lied to the head bouncer and had the entire party removed. Also, the TV monitor's picture that is airing the stage has the worst quality picture I've ever seen. Might as well throw a black and white TV on the wall. What kind of establishment removes a group of 20+ people for their employees' feelings getting hurt? We brought business to them and now We will NEVER be back. The place is hurting for business trying to charge a $2 cover fee? Jon Taffer needs to get in here ASAP. Big Bang? More like bitch bang.
5	The Big Bang is a great venue for people who aren't fans of the traditional bar scene. I would much rather spend a few hours with a couple of friends in this welcoming and non- threatening atmosphere than at a bar where strangers get in my personal space and dance too close to me. The staff is very attentive, helpful, and appear to be happy with their jobs. Josh always makes me feel welcome and is always extra friendly to me. The drinks are never watered down and the bathroom is always clean. The songs get kind of repetitive and the music is all pretty karaoke, but who cares when you're out with friends having a good time?! The only critique is a lack of available good seating. This place needs to expand the seating and make it easier to view from the upper level. If they took out the staircase or the elevator and opened up the area, it would be much more inviting, especially on busier nights. "Sweet Caroline," "Benny and the Jets," and "That Old Time Rock and Roll" are their 3 fallback songs they seem to play if they are not getting good requests they know how to play, so come with fresh ideas!
4	I really enjoy this place, you get the chance to hang out with family or friends and sing along with the crowd. Everyone that works there is super friendly. Josh works here and he is very energetic about his job! He dances, he is friendly and has a good time while he is working there !
5	Schools out for the summer... Schools out forever? Haha just thought that was appropriate heading and ode to Alice Cooper since I am reviewing Big Bang + I came here last night and the place was kinda dead due to the lack of university students during the end of may. I liked this place, I really really did! I wish there was something like this in Tucson! I didn't pay a cover last night to come in.. unsure if it was because it was wednesday night or if its just summer.. and they didn't feel a need to charge since it was pretty much dead. Walking in you immediately hear the live performance and it really gets you going. I was able to sit front row no problem and I even talked and communicated with the performers. Service was great, and I really can't complain. I got to watch a "free performance" (I did tip them) and sip on some beers. Cheers to that!
5	It gets crowded early so if you don't want to be like vultures waiting for tables get here early (before 9pm).  They take requests with tip.  Very energetic yet not too crazy place to hang with friends.  The shots are less than 10 dollars too, I don't know about you but shots are usually 12+.  They play a mix of oldies and top 100.  I always have a good time here so its a go!Tips:Bring your student ID you get in for free.No student ID? Check in on yelp 50% off admission priceGo before 9pm for better seating
4	As far as your average dueling piano bar that you'd find on the east coast they're about two stars.  However, being that they're the only dueling piano bar around that defaults them to the best piano bar around.  The bartenders, waitresses, and waiters are all equally incredible.  The layout of the bar is one of my favorite of any piano bar I've ever been to.  The bouncers are rude and obtuse, even more so than what is expected from the rest of Mill.  The pianists are really the issue with this bar.  They lack all qualities save for the ability to play a piano that one might find in most east coast piano bars.  They're fatuous, and they seem to only come to work for the tips.  This is understandable and I don't blame them but if you want good tips you need to please your customers and in their case any happiness their customers find is fortuitous.  It appears that they only play songs that they want to hear even when customers have tipped them to play others.  I can continue on with the discretions of the pianists but I don't think I'd do justice to the experience.  I'll leave it at this, if you've spent time in a half decent piano bar there's a vibe of good feelings, this place just lacks that intangible vibe.
4	Would have been five stars if I didn't have to pay a cover charge to get in. Fantastic service and great fun! I loved the atmosphere and was able to experience a superb show full of talented and funny performers. Not a huge food selection  which was a downer since I was pregnant when I went.
3	Fun for groups. Prices are ok. Been a few times and the crowd its hit or miss.  Drinks average price for the area. Dark and smells like stale beer.
4	$6 cover change but Yelp had a 50% discount available tonight.  Good music but classics more than modern stuff.   It's lots of fun.   I don't think they serve food so good thing we ate before coming.
1	I like dueling piano bars, don't get me wrong. BUT IM NEVER GOING HERE AGAIN. The management has no respect for their customers.
5	I love the entertainment here and the drinks are always ice cold! This is a great place to take some coworkers and friends!Bruce was very accommodating for special events!
5	This place is super fun - good drinks and vibes, though I am giving it 5 stars because of the incredible service we received. Our waitress, Althea, was AWESOME and seriously made our night! She was adorable, incredibly friendly and very attentive! She handled our big group effortlessly, as was timely and genuine when taking and serving our orders, hearing out our preferences and giving us her personal recommendations, which were spot on! We all had a phenomenal time, though I am being honest when I say Althea really completed our experience! I will definitely go back, and hope I get her as my waitress once again!!
5	Such a fun place. Bouncers are really friendly and even get in the show sometimes. Laid back atmosphere that's great for meeting up/chatting when the doors open. Once the show starts it gets loud. You can sit back and chill or get up and dance--whatever you prefer. Drink specials are pretty good (and usually strong!).  I am so sorry to hear this place is closing!!
5	Very Cool place. I'm sorry its closing. I recommend going there for a night out with friends or just to have fun. Good drinks and great live entertainment!
4	So SAD...  Big Bang closed down as a Piano Bar. Now it's a night club. Guess we'll see how that works out.
4	Everyone is nice at the Big Bang, how can you not be when you are singing along to songs on a piano. The drinks are not too overpriced and they make a great Adios.
