3	YIKES!!!So it seems my favorite beauty supply place has been raided by fellow OPI and China Glaze lovers such as myself...so much so to the point that when I went there a few days ago, the OPI fall collection I had planned on buying was completely sold out. WTF?My bad for sharing my fave place with you, but good for the owners! :) Next time I'll have to just move my happy butt a lot faster to get there.I found Nationwide Beauty Supply purely by accident...and it is far better organized than Hollywood Beauty Supply. It's also newer and less cluttered. Still not wheelchair friendly, but I think a person in a wheelchair has a better chance of getting into the doors than at Hollywood Beauty Supply.Let me start off with the best pro of them all: They had the entire range of the Christmas collection colors of China Glaze. They had the suede collection from ORLY and OPI. They had such a wonderful selection of the holiday OPI I nearly had a heart attack and died from a nail polish induced hysteria.There I was, with 25 bottles of nail polish - my girlfriends and I usually text each other when we get to places like this and ask each other what colors we want/have/don't have/will get/want to get/MUSTHAVE. You understand, right? :)15 bottles of China Glaze and 10 bottles of OPI... $135.00I nearly died. It was my fault - I honestly should have asked for the price before dumping everything into my basket. I saw the colors and what could I say? Blinded by the nail polish light. Truly, my bad.I used to walk about of Hollywood Beauty Supply with 30 bottles of nail polish for a little over $100...and that's all OPI.Turns out that my bottles of OPI cost me $6 each (at HBS it's $3.50) and China Glaze cost $5.00 (HBS sells for $2.50).In total humiliation, I put back ALL the colors. I was so embarrassed. But honestly, I was prepared to spend max $110 for all the bottles. $130 was way out of my price range for what I was willing to spend.The man was nice about all of it, but I could tell he was seething underneath it all. I would be, too. At least I put the polishes back in their correct displays.Long story short, if you're wanting affordable nail polish with the newest and hottest colors of the season, you can come here but be prepared to pay the price. If you want the same thing, but are willing to slap a ho/cut a bitch, go to Hollywood Beauty Supply...your wallet and credit card will thank you.If you want to check it out for yourself, Nationwide Beauty Supply is in the new Mekong Plaza Marketplace...I think that's why it's so pricey - they've got to pay their rent.
4	Great place to go for your salon nail supply  needs.  Organized well for a nail supply store.  Owners and staff are happy to answer questions about products needed.  They stock a variety of colors for OPI Axxium, Harmony Gelish and Jessica Gels.  They also have an amazing selection of nail polishes.  Nationwide is beauty student friendly and has great prices.   They are located in the Mekong Plaza on Main just south of Dobson.
2	Okay I like this place but prices have gotten higher... And the man that works here always looks at everyone like they are going to steal or something! It not like I wanna pocket a 2 dollar nail art! Customer service sucks
