1	Poor customer service. Especially from one girl in particular. Very rude and argumentative. As I was expressing my concerns she hung up on me. I was having some issues with a frame and they were supposed to call me back to help me out. 2 months later no call back so I call them back and I get an attitude. What do you expect from a South Phoenix business. I'll never be going back.
1	I have read other reviews and gave the benefit of the doubt. This is the worst optometrist I've ever been too. Their customer service is terrible, especially from one particular employee there. They also don't follow up with their customers. You have to be on top of them for any information. The mark ups on their glasses is ridiculous. Even with insurance its like I'm getting raped for my money. Reading the previous review it has nothing to do with being a business in south phoenix, its just the company itself.
5	I read the other reviews on this place and was very wary. However, they were the only thing close by that accepted my insurance. The appointment was for my 6 year old daughter so I called ahead of time and asked a lot of questions. The initial reception was friendly and extremely helpful.When I attended my appointment they were quick to check me in and get us back for our initial set of questions. The young women who checked us in greeted us right away and was super friendly. She put my daughter at ease while running the first round of tests. She even got her to sit through the dreaded puff of air for both eyes. All the while listening attentively to my very curious little one and keeping her giggling. After that the doctor was not too long of a wait. She was also very friendly and thorough. She worked with my daughter through her eye test and even answered her questions about the different equipment. It was such a great experience my daughter was super excited to pick out her glasses by the time she was done. The young lady who helped us pick out frames was also friendly and patient with my daughter, she also walked me through all my benefits and options.I received a phone call from the office as soon as her glasses were ready and they did a great job of checking for fit before we left. My daughter even ran into the back to show the doctor her new frames.I am not sure if this location has made a lot of changes for the better or what happened previously. All I know is every interaction I had with each employee was always positive, friendly, and thorough. I will definitely be coming back here.
5	Excellent experience. I Will most likely return, but this time with my family. Very professional and friendly staff.
3	Nice selection of glasses but that is as good as it gets. Customer service is down right slow .They have "rules" like they can't take prescriptions from any other doctors office even if it was less than 2 months ago & they only schedule you on a Saturday if they feel like your appointment is important enough for them to book. This is for the staff only, Doctors are super nice.And don't worry about being late to your appointment. I got there 15 minutes early and didn't get seen 20 minutes AFTER my appointment time. WTF. But again NICE selection of glasses for sure.
