5	I have known the owner, Maggie Carvalho for 17 years.  She has been cutting mine and my daughters hair forever.  She gives wonderful head massages, while she is washing your hair.  I also have been taking restorative and gentle therapeutic yoga for the last 3 weeks.  I am a Breast Cancer Survivor, and the environment is so therapeutic, happy, understanding, professional, calming and peaceful.  I take Yoga with not only Maggie, but Misty, Heather and Alissa.  They are all so supportive of my journey, and we use lots of props, for instance, blocks, blankets and straps.  I support Maggie and Modify, 1000%.  You need to go and try it for yourself.  She is offering all kinds of specials through Groupon for 19.99 for a month of unlimited yoga,and meditation classes.After that the  Monthly unlimited yoga will be  69.99 till December.  Then it will be the regular price of 99.99. And if you are a Student from ASU, for instance she has Student Specials too!!! Tell me where else you can receive Professional Yoga instruction, with instructors who are willing to teach and help you modify to do Yoga, an amazing hair stylist, a Make-up Artist, Massage and a Cafe all Eco-friendly!!!   Modify is an awesome experience!!!  Go check it out!!!Nancy B.
5	This place is amazing youve got everything you need in one location!! Keep it local, maggie matt and the crew are always so accomodating. Yoga spa juices what else do you need!! Highly recomend modify!!
5	Love the vibe of this place! It is all eco-friendly and the owner is truly living that lifestyle unlike most people that just put on a front. The yoga here is fun and the teachers make everyone feel welcome!I get my hair done here and I get nothing but complements. Maggie does not cut 4 inches off like most stylists do when you say a half inch. They have many types of yoga classes from easy, to restorative to all flow and they even offer special classes sometimes like oil essentials. MUST CHECK THIS PLACE OUT!!!
5	I met Maggie when she was teaching one of the free Lululemon yoga classes and when she mentioned that she was opening a new studio in Old Town, I was intrigued.And now, having been there several times, I'm really glad that I was. Maggie has created an amazing space that is not only a yoga studio, but also a hair, makeup and spray tan salon... and hopefully soon, a natural-foods cafe. Of course, as a guy I have my barber, but everyone I talk to says Maggie is a great stylist.As for me, I just know that she is a great yoga instructor. She teaches the basics in a clear, understandable manner, that helps beginners to learn and also works for those of us who have been practicing for a while. Even while continuing the class flow, Maggie takes the time to give one on one instruction and to teach new moves,Plus she's not the only great instructor at Modify. Misty teaches both flow and restorative yoga classes that leave you feeling great and Alissa teaches a yoga nidra that took me deeper into meditation than I have been in years.So if you're looking for a yoga studio and want to take your practice to a new level, check out Modify!
5	I attended a yoga class here this morning. It was a very relaxing and enjoyable experience. The instructor was very knowledgeable and interactive. The the class was challenging but not too difficult for a beginner, I even worked up a sweat. This studio offers massages, salon services, and a juice bar is coming soon. I will definitely be back and will be recommending the studio to friends.
5	I was planning to be in Scottsdale for work and found Modify online while searching for yoga studios to visit on my trip.  I send Maggie an email with some questions and she was very prompt to get back to me.  I attended the 6pm mixed level class on Thursday night and it was really terrific.  Maggie is very welcoming and a great teacher.  It was a great class - both challenging and fulfilling - everything a yoga class should be.  I look forward to coming back to Scottsdale and taking another class when I do at Modify.
