3	While the medical services here are extraordinary, everything else sucks. The facility is old and run down.  There is very little parking and no clearly parked parking spaces...a church shares the small parking lot.  The reception staff is less than cordial.  There are few seats in the two waiting rooms.  It smells really bad as well.You are asked to arrive before your appointment time to register and check in.  Why?  It is a guaranteed 60 minute wait for your appointment.  We have had to wait in excess of two hours twice.  I love my son's doctor and the technicians, but I can't way anything else positive about this place.
5	Staff amazing, but DR. Sri Halthore takes the cake. Hes everything you want. In such a sensitive situation he handled it like a true professional. If it wasn't for me seeing him again the next appointment i would of thought he was my daughter Evalynn's angel. Thanks Dr. Halthore see you again soon. but not to soon. :)
1	This place literally tried to create problems for my kid to get money and have me keep coming back. One minute they said he had slow development. Then they said his head shape was weird and would need a $3,000 helmet!!! All lies. Then they tried to say my kid had hypotonia at 7 months old (low muscle tone) and would never be able to even throw a ball!!! Again LIES!!! They just wanted money. My son is a completely healthy one year old who has been walking since 10 months and is completely healthy! Don't let this place feed u the bs it fed my family and brought me to tears!!! Also the dr is so cold hearted when he told me these lies he said was so rude and harsh about it! It was disgusting. And they also tried to run all of these blood tests and MRIs on a healthy kid so they could get money! Shame on them! Also it wasn't a "maybe he could have this".. It was a "for sure he has this let's run all these bullshit tests to see what's caused it even tho the tests are completely pointless so let's put ur infant through a ton of pain"... And again. They completely lied and were wrong. Disgusting people.
5	My son saw Dr. Sri Halthore... Waiting Area: Theres the main waiting room, then in a separate room theres toys, and things to keep kids busyTriage: Very quick and efficientWait for Dr: Almost no wait at all. Appointment: Dr Sri. Halthore The most detailed person I have ever met in my entire life. Pretty enthusiastic about what he does. He reviewed Colin's results and explained more or less what has been ruled out, and what are possibilities are now. He doesn't sugar coat things. I like the fact that he likes to think aloud. A lot of doctors kind of mumble to themselves and don't really let parents in on their true thoughts and feel they need to filter a bit. NOT doctor halthore. Loud and clear with no questions in my mind... There were our options, and possibilities.  I'm so glad that my son Colin got referred to him by his pediatrician in Las Vegas Dr. Rosenman.
