5	I guess I'm just tired of nail salons in the east valley where I can't communicate effectively with my nail technician. At the last place I went to, the only words my nail tech said to me were:"Toe""Happy"and "Pretty toe!"While kind of amusing, it was a much better experience to go to Martinee Nails in Gilbert where I could get an inexpensive pedicure AND talk to my nail technician.  Yay. +1I'm cheap, I make no bones about that. I'm also busy enough to need a nail salon where I can get a walk in appointment.  Martinee hits both notes very well.  +2For 25 dollars I had a hot stone pedicure that  rivaled the experience that I've had at spas for more than twice the cost. The pedicure chairs are very comfortable. My technician did a wonderful job with the whole experience. It really is a good value for the money. +1It's clean and doesn't smell like a nail salon. +1I'll definitely go back.
5	This has been the BEST place to get my nails done from anywhere in the Phoenix and surrounding area!! After I moved from Gilbert to Tempe, I still make the trip up there! Its so worth it! My nails last sooo long. The color, the shine, no chipping! The only way I know I need to go back is when I start having nail growth! My favorite to get here is the black tip pedicure. :D Keep up those specials Martinee Nail & Salon!!
4	I was not the person that ran out and got their nails done every two weeks, I was happy to do it on my own, but I am a new person!  My first experience was a little rough because of the language barrier but my second visit was great.  I happened to get the same woman that I had the first time and she did such a good job.  I'm not sure I'd get the hot stone pedicure but the rest was great.I have lucked out on the times I've gone because they have been quiet and I got in and out quickly.
5	I love this place!  They're always quick and efficient and do a wonderful job.  I come here for my regular acrylic tips and fills.  I've been here probably 4 times, and have yet to have any "lifting".  They use good products and offer great customer service.  I will continue going back and won't even consider another salon at this point!  The atmosphere is good - not exactly "spa-like", but nice for a day spa.  It's a big open room so it can get a little loud, but the times I've been in, there is no wait to see someone and overall it's fairly quiet.  (I don't believe that it's quiet due to low customer count; I think I just choose good times to go).
3	I've been to this place twice. The first time I went for a new set of acrylic nails, I didn't have to wait too long and the tech (Terry, I think?) did a great job - I was very pleased.I went back about 2 weeks later for a fill and left extremely disappointed. Terry was not available, but that was my fault, I should've made an appointment. I was assigned to a male tech who took over an hour! I asked him a couple of questions - one regarding the type of fill and the other regarding a nail color and he answered "I don't know" to both. Nobody else was there to help so I just went with it. I tried telling him the length I was looking for and he just nodded but ignored my request. It seemed as if he was annoyed and hated what he was doing. Needless to say, the final product was very disappointing. The nails were too thin, two of them broke within a few days and the nail polish peeled.Maybe I'll try a third time? With Terry.
5	So friendly. Great pedicure!!  Extremely relaxing.  Highly reccomended.
4	Consistently great each time I come for a pedi or shellac. I've had someone different each time with good massage, clean polish and with decent English.
4	Decent spot. I got a pedi and give an A+ for the end result. My toes look great.  The pricing is very competitive. The salon is nicely decorated and neat and clean. Also, I got in and out quickly. On the downside, the hot stone massage was pretty weak and the techs were not overly friendly - they weren't rude, but could be a bit more personable.  If you like a super light massage and don't want anyone to talk to you this is the perfect place.
1	I have TRIED this place multiple times. They are within minutes of my house. And every time they screw up. Every time they cutCorners. They start the timer for the massages way before they start. They don't cut the nails when you tell them MULTIPLE times to do it. And the thing that reallyGets me is they are one of the more expensive places in the area. NOT WORTH IT!! Bad service!! BAD!!! Avoid them at all costs!!!!
1	I'm leaving this review on my husbands yelp account as I do not have one. I was excited to try this salon as it is so close to my home. My sister & I went for manicures & pedicures. We were getting pedicures & reviewing our options for manicures. I wanted a gel manicure, & asked the nail tech how much it would be for a pedicure & gel manicure, he replied $50. My sister was just getting a reg manicure & her total was going to be $35. The tech kept talking about "liquid" gel. I simply wanted a gel manicure. To which he said was the same, but less chemicals. He began my manicure by cutting all my nails short! I said, I just want a gel manicure, he said "ya, liquid gel." Then he started gluing tips on! I told him I don't want acrylic nails I just want a gel manicure. He said , "this is liquid." A lady came over & they were talking. He kept gluing the tips on! I told him I was a nurse, I can't have tips! He cut them really short & kept going. He kept saying, "you see, you like liquid gel." I was confused. I said I just want a gel manicure! I want a natural look. He said, "oh we do clear, look better, $10 less." I said ok....time for check out my sister paid her $35, I gave the lady at the front my debit, she swiped it & handed my bill to me....$75!!!! I was SHOCKED! I said you said $50 for both, he said no $50 for nails! Of course I argued as that is not what he said. My sister was there & heard our convo. We said there is not even a $50 manicure in the menu, he said "it's new. Liquid gel, you like, & takes me long time." I refused to pay $75! The lady at the front was begging him to give me a discount. She also said, "you don't have to come back for 3 weeks, so it is a good deal." I said, "he told me come back in 2!" I did not want fake nails/tips! I have a little baby, I'm a nurse, I can't have tips, & then your charging me $75! I didn't even get polish so it would have been $85! So here I am 3 days out, 6 nails lifted & 1 broken nail! Not worth the $55 I ended up paying!
5	Best. Pedicures. EVER! I love the atmosphere here, and the employees are very friendly. I never want a pedicure from anyone else. So relaxing, and my feet feel so soft!
5	Ann Linh is the best! She's been doing my gel manicure for years. Recently started going to her for my hair. She does an outstanding job. Love the color and condition of it. She's knowledgable, friendly and professional. It's about 20 minutes from my home but worth the drive.
3	The actual manicure and pedicure is good but the are unorganized. They forgot about my manicure and started serving others after my pedicure I have been waiting for 45 minutes. The massage is great and atmosphere is good just make sure they understand what services you want.
5	This location is amazing! This is the only nail salon that I have ever fully trusted :) John does an incredible job at acrylic nails and Jade is excellent at the gel manicures. The new pedicure menu is also really amazing and they do a wonderful job during the massage portion of it! They also just got a new fridge at their store :) I love picking up a Sugar Free Red Bull on my way out.
1	I got a pedicure there and I had to ask the girl to fix it before I left. She was hardly paying attention as she was talking to another boy next to her. They looked like they were in high school. When I got home, I checked my toes and they were horrible. Polish was on my skin and not straight (French). I called right away to tell them what happened and the man said they were closed. I was leaving for vacation and he told me to come back when I returned. What good is that? I was warned about this place and tried it anyway. I'll never go back.
4	Very friendly. Got in right away with no appointment. Love the color selections for my toes.  Will go back for sure!!!
2	The hot stones weren't exactly hot. The leg and foot massage was relaxing.  The callous removal wasn't that good, as not much time was put towards scraping  my feet with the files.  There wasn't much of a kind customer oriented feel to the salon and techs.  The guy who gave my pedicure just pointed when he wanted my feet to move in or out of the water, etc.; he wouldn't give me direction by talking.  It was almost like he was mute, which is better than speaking in a foreign language, unlike the female nail techs.  The French pedicure didn't turn out as nice as I was hoping; the white lines were too thick, even after asking him to make them thinner.  A female tech had to come over and fix the lines. This is my first visit and now my only visit here.  So far, no affordable nail salon has measured up to Greenfield Nails (SW corner of Warner & Greenfield in Gilbert).  Greenfield closed early, which is why I had to come here.
2	Nice people. Not great work though. I just get my nails and toes painted (bring my own polish and all). So hard to find a place that does a decent job. The search continues.
