4	this place is actually pretty good, and I like the fact that it's not too trendy looking inside.It feels more traditional, and the tempura is awesome! Yet, I guess it's not that hard to make tempura.I love, love LOVE when they give you the sliced cucumber, cold noodle and rice vinegar small plate. OMG! what a great way to start a wonderful meal of sushi.Plus, this place has a lot of good memories. My first dates with my bestest friend ever, and he's still in my life. Hm, maybe I should take him there for ol' memories.I HIGHLY recommend this place for traditional sushi/japanese food.
4	My bro and i were home for xmas and seriously craving a sashimi plate.  After doing some pokin around, this is the place we were pointed towards.  The fish was fresh, which is the ultimate MUST for decent sushi.  Didn't have any rolls, just a big plate o' raw fish.  I was pleased that I could find this in Chambana.
5	After moving from L.A. where there's good sushi on every corner, I was a bit apprehensive about finding a good sushi place in the middle of Illinois. However, after reading the reviews here on yelp and going to try for myself, Sushi Kame gets a big thumbs up from me. An earlier reviewer complained about the service, but I've never had anything but attentive waitresses. Prices are more than reasonable compared to all the other sushi joints in town, and the sushi is excellent. The roll selection could stand to be a little more varied, but whatever. Overall, this place is awesome. Love it.
5	Best sushi in town.  They're also reasonably priced, making sushi night possible more than once a month!  I like eating there before catching a movie at the Art Theater.  The service is great, they even give you warm washcloths before you eat - sweet!  My only complaint is the Udon soup.  It's not tasty at all - pretty flavorless in fact.  Other than that, everything there is great!
4	I miss Japanese food.  I grew up in Southern California, with Japanese-American family and I'm jonesing here in the midwest for a good chicken katsu, or a decent Udon.  Kame's the closest I've come here to being satisfied.  I like it a bit better than Kamakura, and the servers are both friendly and on point.The miso's pretty good, the udon is a trifle underwhelming, but the katsu's quite lovely.  Although---you can get cheese on it?  WHAT THE HELL?  Is that a terrifyingly midwest thing?  Cuz I've never heard of this.  ICK.That aside, i'm bummed that they only have chicken katsu curry (one of my favourite things in life ever) one day a week.  I want it now ;)
4	I really enjoyed eating here. I was surprised at the small courses that were brought out in between-- cold noodles, miso soup, watermelon; it was a pleasant surprise. I'm not a huge sushi fan, but I loved the sushi here. They had tons of sushi combos to choose from, and were fairly quick at tending to our table. The decor seemed a bit cheesy, but the food was great!
4	Best lunch Bento in Chambana. Tea, rice, roll, soup, salad, noodles, teriaki and tempura for less than $10. The service was fast, polite and professional. Next time I go to the Art Theatre I will stop here on my way.
5	I went back for dinner. We had 2 different regular maki that were really good: the fancy spicy tuna and tempura sweet potato. I also ordered pieces of Hamachi (yellowfin) and Unagi (eel) that were also great. The unagi was as good as any I can remember. We also got their nightly special, "the Ninja Roll", which was filled with all manner of goodness and wholly delish. With tea for two, miso, and their little cucumber/noodle dish (miso and cucumber dish is included with all meals), the total was only $31.00. That is a really good price in my book, and is why I raised the rating.
5	The best sushi place in Champaign, and the cheapest. They also give you a noodle dish, miso soup, and free green tea with your meal. Compared to Yellowfin, the food quality is better, the price is about the same, and the atmosphere is about the same. Compared to Kofusion, the price is better, the food quality is about the same  (although I prefer Sushi Kame's rolls), and you don't have to deal with the the pompous atmosphere you get at Kofusion.
4	I love Sushi Kame- it's cheap, cozy, and the staff is great- very attentive and friendly!  They start you off with complimentary soup and a little salad. The sushi is fresh, rolls are awesome,  and this place has none of the fake pretentiousness of some other places.  Also, after your meal, they bring you a little piece of fruit- perfect!  :) A++ for service, sushi, friendliness, and lack of pretentiousness!
4	My wife and I enjoy sushi. Of the sushi restaurants in the Champaign / Urbana area, this is our favorite. Their White Dragon Maki is fabulous, as is their Love-love Maki. Those two are probably our favorites, while we rotate through many other excellent choices. The service is always friendly. The experience is always enjoyable.
2	so i've been verrrrrry skeptical about getting sushi since moving down here, but the other week my boy and i ventured out to get takeout from sushi kame. i still believe this was a big mistake. i opted to stay fish-free and get the avocado maki, sweet potato maki, edamame and miso soup. the rolls were okay, on the smaller side and not really anything to write about...on the other hand, i don't know if it's because we got takeout, but our portion of edamame was ridiculously small! i'm talking like the container was 1/3 full, and not salted at all. at all! who eats edamame without some salt?!?! geez. and the miso soup was funky...i had one spoonful and that was enough. i still can't put my finger on why it tasted so bad, but i will for sure never ever get that again at sushi kame. come to think about it, i won't ever get anything again from sushi kame because i won't be going back.the boy decided to play it safe as well and simply ordered a chicken teriyaki bento box. he said the panko crust on the tempura was delightful, and that the chicken teriyaki was cooked well and had some flavor, but he threw away the salad and california roll after opening each container. why? the lettuce in the salad was wilted and should have been tossed out weeks before, and he said the california roll looked completely inedible (i didn't get a glance at it).  since he has never simply just tossed out any food by the looks of it (my boy likes to eat!), i took his word for it.so yeah, sushi kame? no thank you. i'll keep looking for a decent sushi place around these parts and hopefully i'll be satisfied soon....
5	I've been to Sushi Kame lots of times, and it's always a great experience.  I would definitely say it's my favorite sushi place in the area. They start you out with a free cucumber and somen noodle salad.  It's small, but very appetizing.  I still can't figure out exactly what the dressing is, but I always drink the extra.  After that they give you a (also free) miso soup, which is pretty good as far as miso soup goes.    Oh, and the green tea is free and they use real matcha as far as I can tell.  It's got a really nice, light, floral taste.I've also been to Yellowfin a few times.  While Yellowfin is good, the reason that I like Sushi Kame more is probably their "American Sushi" combo.  For about $14, you get three pieces of salmon nigiri, three tuna nigiri, a salmon roll, and the house salad, which is lettuce with ginger dressing.  The slabs of fish on the nigiri are nicely cut and usually pretty thick, giving the sushi a rice-to-fish ratio that definitely favors the fish.   Speaking of the fish, it has always been fresh and clean-tasting, never "fishy."  Admittedly, I've only had non-midwest sushi once, so my basis for comparison is only other sushi in Illinois.  When it comes to maki, I usually stick with the simpler stuff that lets you taste the fish more, so I can't offer much of an opinion on the super tempura fried california rolls or whatever.  The unagi rolls are good though.I've had the sea urchin here as well, and while it's softer than the stuff at Yellowfin, there's also more of it and it tastes really, really good.
5	Sushi Kame was the first place that I tried sushi, and it made my fall in love with it. They have a wide selection of rolls for a very reasonable price, especially when you consider the little extras they throw in there between meals. This is the place that holds the standard for sushi for me, and most places don't compare. Great service, great prices, great food.
5	Sushi Kame is probably my fav restaurant in C-U! The food is fresh and awesome-ly priced, with a great selection of sushi fo beginners or sushi-pros! I eat here at least once a week!
5	Another sushi restaurant in town (I think Kamakura?) claims to be the only "Japanese-owned" Japanese restaurant in Champaign.  I've eaten at Sushi Kame on several occasions, and I have overheard the hostess speak to the other staff in Japanese several times.  Although the owner's ethnicity might not be the sole indication of authenticity and quality, I certainly think Sushi Kame's menu provides sufficient evidence of the restaurant's potential.On a winter night several months ago, I decided to stop into Sushi Kame for dinner.  Cold fish doesn't alleviate the chill in one's bones, but I thought that a hearty bowl of udon (noodle soup) might do the job.  As I took the menu from my waitress, I glanced at the list of daily specials and saw that sukiyaki was being served.  This wasn't the type of trendy, flashy food that readily pervades American culinary consciousness, but home-style Japanese comfort food.  When the waitress brought it out, I was surprised to see the slices of rare beef and shirataki noodles served in the traditional iron skillet used  to prepare this dish.  Like much of Japanese cuisine, the flavors of my dinner were simple and clean, but the meal was nevertheless hearty and perfect for winter.Because other reviewers have already commented on the quality of sushi here, I will instead focus my review on some of the other dishes served at Sushi Kame.  My favorite appetizer to order at Sushi Kame is the agedashi tofu, several pieces of lightly-breaded soft tofu in a classic Japanese dressing (soy sauce, dashi, mirin, etc.).  If I have time to relax in the afternoon, I like to stop by and order one of their lunch bento boxes, which are fantastic deals as you are given: an entree of your choice (usually some kind of teriyaki), white rice, a salad (pretty modest, made mostly with iceberg lettuce), several pieces of tempura (I'm delighted when I get a piece of Japanese pumpkin with mine), and a few pieces of sushi.  Meals also come with a small somen and cucumber salad (don't expect much; you can finish it in 2 bites) and miso soup (pretty standard).  I absolutely adore the teriyaki at Sushi Kame, a mix of grilled meat (or tofu) and vegetables, including carrots, onions, green beans, and HUGE, DELICIOUS pieces of teriyaki-flavored GARLIC!  I've also eaten the tonkatsu (Japanese fried pork chop), which is fairly simple and good enough for people who crave it.Everyone fosters a love for their own favorite Japanese town, and while Sushi Kame might not have the flair of KoFusion (with its dance club-inspired decor) or Kamakura (with its teppanyaki performances), I would recommend it as an elegant establishment that offers its own menu of worthy Japanese food.
5	Sushi Kame is probably the best Japanese restaurant in town. The interior is no Kamakura but overall it was great! I ordered a mixed tempura dish that had all my favorite foods. I also had requested that my side of white rice be changed to fried rice and boy did I make the right choice. Sushi Kame has the best Fried Rice. The rice had a coating of egg which is so hard to come by and had great veggies within it also. I was more than please with this restaurant and i will be more than happy to eat there again. The service was also good.
4	Amazing food for the price. I love the cucumber salad they start you off with. The bento box is also awesome. It's great if you want just a little bit of everything and at around $8, it was well worth every penny. Their sushi alone is also amazing. It feels more like a traditional Japanese restaurant compared to other restaurants in Champaign. I'll definitely be back!
5	Firmly believe this place is doing the best Japanese food in town.  Def the best bento boxes!  Their tempura actually tastes like, I don't know, tempura.  As opposed to other, trendier places in town where the tempura tastes like the fried veg you'd get at a county fair.The sushi here has been spot on.  Can't rave enough about the tasty and cheap eats.
4	Sushi Kame is a decent sushi place in downtown Champaign. The sushi is definitely authentic, and some of their sushi was definitely right on the money. That the sushi was relatively cheap only made the experience even better.The interior is unassuming, which is fine, because it usually means good things for the food. The Nigiri was quite good, and the sweet rice was cooked perfectly. The rolls we had were Crunch (good flavor with a good crunch), sweet potato (best tempura-based roll I've had), Alaska (pretty good, I don't remember much of it, though), green turtle (better than the Crunch) and volcano (not nearly as spicy as it should be).I sort of wished the soy sauce wasn't just salty (it tasted like the stuff that comes out of the bottles at standard Chinese restaurants). Some of the rolls could have been a bit more flavorful. Overall, though, I'd definitely go back to Sushi Kame when I'm in town.
4	Tried Sushi Kame for lunch today. I am no expert on Japanese cuisine, so for this Midwestern girl, the Japanese food was delicious. I had the salmon bento box and my husband had a chicken fillet. Loved my salmon and grilled vegetables. Had three pieces of vegetable tempura, two pieces of California roll, lettuce salad. The restaurant was not very busy for a Friday lunch time. There seemed to be one cook and one server running the place and we had no waiting. There were several people coming in to pick up carry out orders, too.  We will give them another try and be more adventurous in our selections.
5	good, authentic Japanese food in CU. great service, great food, great value. soo much better than kamakura. what's not to like?
5	Sushi Kame is placed in downtown Champaign surrounded by the more pricey restaurant such as Jim Gould, Escobar, and Kofusion. You would expect some overpriced meals at Sushi Kame but the items on the menu is reasonably priced. The food is simple and not gimmicky like the trendier places in town. Also the people are very polite. You can't go wrong with any of the items on the menu. If you would like a warm soup for you meal, go for the Udon soup (I believe it's $2.00 for one tempura shrimp to be added with the soup). If you want something with a little bit of everything, the bento box consist of the meat and served with 1 roll of California tempura, salad, and rice. More importantly, the sushi is great and they never run out of fish!
5	After a recent visit to Sushi Kame, I thought I would update my review with even more positive, tasty comments and suggestions.  First (and this is kind of a silly compliment), I was impressed by their spicy tuna roll.  Most places use older, leftover pieces of fish to make spicy rolls, hoping that diners will overlook the borderline-spoiled fish once its been finely chopped and masked with mayonnaise and chili.  Compare that shady technique with the way it's done at Sushi Kame, where the chef applies the spicy sauce alongside WHOLE slices of tuna (not that minced stuff).  You can still appreciate the freshness of the fish without having it saturated in a misleading sauce.  As far as I'm concerned, the spicy rolls at Sushi Kame are totally legitimate.As usual, I was also delightfully surprised by some of the offerings on their "daily specials" menu.  For my appetizer, I asked for the takoyaki (a regional specialty from Osaka that consists of octopus encased in pan-fried bread).  This made me giddy with foodie glee--this dish is relatively rare in the United States, and much more so in the Midwest.  The takoyaki came topped with a classic Otafuku sauce and katsuobushi shavings (dried bonito flakes).  While not perfect, I give Sushi Kame props for serving a Japanese street dish and some delicacies beyond the usual expected fare at Japanese restaurants.Unfortunately, I don't think they offer the daily specials menu everyday (ironic?).  I think it's only available on certain nights during the week, but if you happen to receive that small, hand-written insert in your menu, I would definitely give some of their other dishes consideration.
5	Sushi Kame, I love you.Ironically, I never come here for the sushi. Good sushi isn't very hard to find, but good Japanese food is especially in a town this size. Granted, service isn't very good. The waiters weren't very experienced, but to be honest I don't care that much about service.
4	Of all of the places in Champaign, I think that Sushi Kame does Japanese food the best. I have gone twice and each time ordering something a little different and I can only offer praise to this restaurant.I once asked for a chicken tempura which was not on the menu but they went ahead and made it for me. It was really good so I am puzzled why they do not put it on the menu at some point. Their teriyaki glaze is quite good: not too salty but not too sweet. I also like the cut-up vegetables they put alongside it. The yakisoba is great too with a little more noodle than veggie and/or meat. The sushi, while I chose the tame Tuna roll, was very tasty and well wrapped. It tasted fresh and I felt like I did not have to pay an arm and a leg like I would elsewhere. The miso soup was also likeable and that is a big compliment from me because usually I am not a big fan of miso.Anyway, give this place a try. Definitely worth the trek downtown and it is the right price range for a college student.
1	I have no idea why this place is rated so high! I had many different rolls of sushi here and save for two, they were all terrible. Most of the rolls were doused with a very spicy sauce. I live in Texas and am used to spicy, but this was so much, I could barely even continue to eat the sushi (we had to stop). It was so spicy, you couldn't even taste any flavors of the roll... which completely defeats the purpose of sushi. The edamame was good but grossly overpriced at $3 for a tiny little bowl. The tempura sampler dish was really tasty and priced fairly. It took forever to get service any single time we needed anything, even though there was almost no one in the restaurant when I came one weekday night. I came here with my mom and sister based on Yelp reviews hoping to explore some new joints in the Champoobanana area and was immensely disappointed. I'll stick with Kofusion for all my Champaign sushi desires.
5	Black magic, thats how they do it.  In a small city called Champaign, isolated in the middle of the United States, far away from any ocean body, the people at Sushi Kame conjures up some of the best sushi I have ever had.  In the middle of freakin Illinois, who would've thought.  My roommates and I were feigning for some sushi and decided to try out this place, what a great surprise.  Its a small joint, nothing fancy, with cute waitresses and cheap dining furniture.  But who gives a damn, they make the best Uni and salmon nigiri.  My all time favorite sushi is the uni (sea urchin).  Every place I have been to, except for one, had uni that tasted really fishy.  And I hate that!  But this place had the most buttery, savory, fresh uni that I have ever had.  It was so good, I ordered 12 uni nigiri pieces the third time I went.  The second time I went they had ran out of uni, crushing my delicate little heart into tiny tiny pieces.    The food is great, my roommates ordered some rolls and teriyaki dishes which were all excellent.  The prices are very reasonable and service is good.  If your ever out here in this quaint little college town, Sushi Kame is a must.
4	Sushi Kame has some fantastic Japanese food and some of the best prices in town, especially for the quality. I've sampled several dishes from their menu, from sashimi to sushi rolls to noodle dishes, and I've been very happy with each and every one. I have yet to try Yellowfin restaurant, but in my experience, Sushi Kame easily beats the other area sushi restaurants in terms of quality and price. As a previous reviewer said, service isn't always the best, but, in my experience, that's only been in terms of table visits by the waitstaff (they seem to get overwhelmed easily). Having said that, they have always been friendly and our food has always been quick to the table.Oh, and they close for a few hours between lunch and dinner, so be sure to call ahead if you're not sure if they're open yet.
4	Sushi Kame is the best sushi place on campus (and by on campus, I mean a 5-10 min bus ride on the Green, but it stops right in front of it). On the outside, the place doesn't look like much, but the interior has a warm atmosphere and the staff is friendly, if a bit overwhelmed (my only complaint was the service, but I attribute this to their being understaffed)If you're a sashimi person, be warned that the prices are a wee bit on the "are you kidding me?" side, but it's worth it; I don't know how they do it, but the times I've had their American Sashimi, the salmon and tuna were PERFECT - fresh, succulent, and slightly chilled. They have a large collection of rolls, and being a pro-spicy person, I like their selection of spicy rolls. Great place, and highly recommended
4	Love the Bento Boxes!
5	The Love-Love Roll ($6.95) is what I order every time. It has everything I want in a roll and it's affordable and filling! I do enjoy the fact that they offer their guests a small portion of sliced cucumber, cold noodles w/ rice vinegar and a cup of miso soup before the meal. You don't get that anywhere else in town...Sometimes, it is difficult to have a power lunch due to the fact that the staff is outnumbered by its customers.
4	I was surprisingly impressed with Sushi Kame! My mom and I went for dinner and each ordered a bento box. The bento box is huge! and it has a bit of everything... some salad, assorted tempura, rice, california rolls (that can be replaced with any of their regular rolls with a small charge). Definitely don't recommend the bento box if you just want a light dinner. Luckily, I was really hungry so it was perfect for me! I ordered the Tonkatsu (Deep fried pork) bento box while my mom ordered the salmon teriyaki bento box. My tonkatsu bento box was really good except for the one piece of ebi (shrimp) tempura. I don't know how to describe but it just tasted really weird. I think they don't let the oil drip and dry after they deep fry the shrimp so it doesn't get nice and crispy. Instead, it was kind of soggy which was disappointed. Also their Tonkatsu sauce tasted funny. I don't know if they make their own sauce but it definitely didn't taste like traditional tonkatsu sauce. My mom's salmon teriyaki was delicious! Salmon was cooked so nicely and it came with sauteed vegetables as well. Between the salmon teriyaki and the tonkatsu, I'd definitely say the salmon was the better choice! The good thing about sushi kame was the service. Our server was really helpful and nice. She recommend the love roll to me in replacement of the california roll and what a great recommendation it was! Overall, I was very satisfied.. oh, did i mention that a bento box is only 12 dollars? All that food for 12 dollars!!!!! Amazing. Definitely will come back again soon.
5	This is definitely my favorite sushi restaurant in Champaign-Urbana.The bento boxes are relatively cheap and HUGE, and every roll that I've had has been delicious. The salmon don bowl is pretty amazing, too. I keep meaning to try the noodles, but when faced with the list of delicious sushi rolls, I always succumb. Cute location downtown, and great staff. My only minor complaint is that they often seem understaffed, and the poor servers seem a bit overworked during dinner.  But they are  unfailingly kind, and the food is always delicious.
4	Visited the first time a few weeks ago. I got the Bento Box (chicken teriyaki) for dinner. It was a LOT of food. I don't for CA rolls, so I passed that to my bf. Everything else was great, though. The BF got their chirashi, and he thought it was great. He has been back, and said it was good on his second visit.
5	The BEST sushi in Champaign!We love Sushi Kame and highly recommend it to anyone wanting outstanding sushi....fresh, flavorful,filling, fantastic!
5	Awesome sushi rolls, extensive selection with some interesting options. I got the rolls with fried chicken in them - Chicken Run, different and tasty. I also got the Crunch rolls which were great. Everything was ideally arranged and fresh. Business travelers: OK for eat in, reasonably nice interior. I got takeout which was easy and not messy for eating in a hotel room.
1	Waited an hour and a half for some of the worst rolls and steak teriyaki I have ever had.
1	Don't ever dine in unless you're not hungry and planning to stay for over 3 hours. No doubt, the WORST service I've EVER experienced in my entire life. Yes, they were busy, but what restaurant in downtown Champaign isn't on a Saturday night? DEAL. 25 minutes for the server to take our drink order. Another 20 minutes to get our 4 waters, then we tried to order, but she ran away. Flagged her down and put in our order another 10 minutes later, then started making bets to see how long it would take to get our food. Mind you, we were already there for 55 minutes with only water. Needless to say, we all were under. It took them, I believe, 57 minutes to bring out 2 rolls, sashimi, and soup. ...but there were 4 of us. Our fourth order didn't come in until after everyone had already made a dent in their food (he felt bad and didn't want us to wait until he got his food). I was so angry, I can't even remember how the sushi tasted. We also didn't receive that cucumber salad thing that every other table received, and only got our miso soup upon flagging her down. We TRIED to be patient, we TRIED to get attention from any waitress we could, but nothing. I felt I should express how completely dissatisfied I was with the service to the manager, so I did (very kindly, btw). She responded with something along the lines of, well you didn't make reservations, then continued to say that because we hadn't made reservations, they're not obligated to cater to us as quickly as the customers that did. ...REALLY?Moral of the story? ...make reservations or you'll get treated like garbage here.
4	Sushi Kame is tied for my favorite place to get sushi in Champaign. The sushi is very good.  If you're going for lunch the bento boxes are hard to beat when it comes to bang for your buck! I've always been happy with the food. The service is OK, I've never had the long wait times that some others here have posted about. I guess my only complaint is that I tried the Chirashizushi once and while it was good propotions and delicious it was one of the less ornate presentations I've had. Of course for the price I couldn't really complain. So yeah- if you're in the CU area and looking for sushi, this is one of the two places I would recommend!
4	The food is really good, but it's pretty expensive. If you want a great deal and want to try a little bit of everything, get one of their bento boxes. I got a chicken teriyaki bento box the last time I went - everything in it is so good. You get soup, tempura vegetables, a warm entree, a california roll, rice, cucumbers, salad, and more, I think but I can't remember. Their sushi tasted so good and fresh. Their chicken was really good, but the best thing was the tempura. I had never had tempura before, but it is to die for at Sushi Kame. In the bento boxes, you get an assortment of fried sweet potatoes, green beans, and other veggies. It was really the best part of my meal.It's just a little high to go often. My boyfriend and I usually only go when we're going to see at movie down the street at the Art Theater. If it was a little cheaper, I would make a huge effort to go more often.
5	One of my favorite restaurants in town.  It's great for a quick, delicious lunch for a reasonable price, or a nicer dinner.  Before eating, you always get the miso soup and cucumber salad.  With the lunch bento boxes, you also get a ginger salad, a few pieces of tempura, some caliifornia rolls, your entree choice, and some rice.   The best choices are the sushi and the calimari, I think, but it's all really good.  The prices are very reasonable, too - about $7-8 for all that food.The soups are massive and very good, too.  I am not sure if there is anything better for a cold winter day or if you aren't feeling good.For dinners, there are meals like the bento boxes or sushi.  I've never been disappointed with the sushi here, either and it is definitely some of the very best I've had in the midwest.  They do not skimp on the fish, either - with the nigiri, there is always plenty of delicious fish.  Prices are reasonable, especially for what you get.This was the first place I had uni, the delicious creamy sea urchin.  It's a little scary looking  at first, but it is incredibly good if you are feeling adventurous.I've never ordered dessert because I've always been too full from the entrees.I have been here many, many times and the only time the service was slow at all was on a busy Saturday night.  Generally, service is quick and attentive.  Decor is not overdone.Like I said - one of my favorite restaurants in town, and definitely my favorite sushi place.
4	For champaign, best sushi. Very good prices for its large portions. I highly recommend this place.
2	I woke up with a craving for sushi and in my experience Champaign hasn't been the best place to find a good sushi spot.  Regardless, I yelped to my heart's content and settled on Sushi Kame.To start, when I looked at the menu I was shocked at the prices.  They were charging $4.50 for a bowl of edamame and some of their other appetizers and sushi rolls were just way overpriced.The miso soup was very bland and the barely filled up half the bowl.  I work at a sushi restaurant and our miso soup isn't amazing or anything but it has flavor to it that the miso soup at Sushi Kame was lacking.  As for the portion size, I just didn't understand why they couldn't fill up that extra portion of the bowl...Next, the house salad.  The dressing is a staple that I've tasted at many Japanese restaurants and this one was just too sour and I couldn't take more than one bite.Now, the main course.  I ordered the Love-Love roll and the Sushi Special, which comes with 5 pieces of nigiri and a california roll.  I'm not a fan of the california roll so I asked the server to replace it with a spicy tuna roll and that I would gladly accept any upcharges.  She didn't know how much it would be so I asked her to just let me know.  She came back and informed me that it would be $0.25 extra.  She then returned 2 minutes later saying that it would actually be $1.00.  Now I wouldn't have minded paying that if she told me that from the beginning.  But it seems to me that if you're going to tell a customer a certain price for something you shouldn't go back on it...that was a little off-putting.  My love-love roll was okay, but the cilantro was a little overpowering.  I don't know if i would use whole leaves of cilantro in one roll..and the spicy tuna that came with my sushi special, well..it was one of the worst spicy tuna rolls I've ever seen or tasted in my life.  It had no flavor to it, and it was falling apart.  It was basically like the sushi chef put a piece of tuna and a little spicy mayo over it.  Again, because I work in a sushi restaurant I know that it takes a bit more preparation than that to make a spicy tuna roll.  And if you can't manage to make a simple roll like that, I don't know what that says about your skills.  The only thing that I enjoyed about my meal was the nigiri as the fish was fresh.Needless to say, I will not be returning.
5	Easily the best sushi spot in town. The prices vary from ridiculous to good, and the lunch bento boxes are probably the best lunch deal I've seen at a local Japanese place. I usually don't really notice service or atmosphere one way or the other but the restaurant is near perfect on both of these counts.
4	This was my first introduction to real Japanese food options, not just sushi and tempura. The food is quite good. The service can be patchy, but the servers are always polite.
5	Probably the best sushi in Champaign.  Reasonable price and prompt service.
5	My favorite place in Champaign for sushi. Prices are reasonable and the food is delicious! I've only come for sushi, and have tried a handful of rolls, but the Spitfire roll (tempura tuna, jalapeno, cream cheese, spicy sauce in a soy wrapper) is what keeps me coming back! You get miso soup and a little dish of noodles before the meal. Awesome! My friend also loves the beef soba soup. Service is very fast during dinner hour and the waitresses are very attentive.
4	Two words: Golden Rice! You cannot go to Sushi Kame without getting the golden rice (sometimes called egg yolk rice, depending on who is working). Its phenomenal! Unfortunately, it sells out very fast and they don't always have it made - so I always make sure to call beforehand to make sure its in stock. Several times, they told me that they did and when I arrived, I learned that they had lied. So be careful.Their sushi is pretty decent quality, but nothing extraordinary. Its a bit on the expensive side and the rolls are somewhat bland, but if you know how to order correctly, you can get a great meal. I'd suggest getting either the Love Love Roll or the Vienna Roll, which comes with miso soup and a small cucumber salad. Then I usually get a house salad (it comes with a very good ginger sauce) and a side of golden rice. It comes to about $13 and leaves you filled to the brim - making Sushi Kame my favorite sushi place in Champaign.
5	Soon after leaving Naperville, IL, I drove down to Champaign, IL to check out this small town in the middle of Illinois.   Champaign is a true University town (unlike faux places like Duluth) and it offers a wide variety of local restaurants and great coffee shops.  Having a second craving for sushi, I stopped by Sushi Kame to see if it would be a good option should I wind up living there.   The place was small and pretty empty as the University was on spring break, but the sushi was very good.  The spicy tuna hand roll was clean and layered (opposed to mixing chunks of ahi with the ubiquitous spicy sauce),  I also had the tempura scallop roll, which was awesome! Again clean flavor and the scallop was noticeably fresh.   I had  a few other simple pieces and each one was well prepared.  I would definitely recommend Sushi Kame to anybody looking for a solid roll.
4	This is the best sushi in Champaign-Urbana. After living in Japan for a short period, I am crazy snobby about sushi. Certainly, compared to the quality you could find in a major/coastal city this is nothing to write home about, but in a midwestern college town this is as good as it gets. I've not tried much here besides their sushi but what I've had I liked. Ambiance leaves something to be desired but the food is the obvious draw here.
4	Food came out fast and it was tasty.  The made special vegetarian rolls for some in my party, which is always a plus.  Prices are very affordable and I would go back.
2	Heard about this on Yelp, my girlfriend and I went there for the first time today. I lived in Japan for 9 weeks a couple years ago and understand the quality of food and service that you get there, but I certainly wouldn't hold restaurants in Champaign to that same standard. This is a small University town and access to fresh seafood is limited at best.Having said that, I was rather underwhelmed by Sushi Kame. The server (a middle-aged Korean lady) was very demanding and impatient. My girlfriend takes a long time to decide what she wants and when we were given the extensive menu, I knew it would be a while. So I asked the server if we could order the egg yolk sauce with rice dish side-dish while we looked at the menu. She gave me a very accusing look, as though I was committing some sort of crime, and then scampered off to put the order in.When she returned,  I attempted to order several more authentic Japanese items like [kama] toro, uni, and oyster, only to find none of these were "in season". We settled on a special spicy salmon roll, the green turtle roll, and several pieces of nigiri.As others have mentioned before, the egg yolk sauce with rice was really delicious. It is very rich, so you will need to share it with someone. The sushi was rather ordinary (by Champaign standards). The rolls fell apart prematurely indicating the rice did not have the right consistency/stickiness. The ginger was mild in flavor, the wasabe obviously dyed horseradish, and I swear they served regular soy sauce, not the special variety for sushi, because it was extremely salty.I can't comment on other dishes on the menu, and they may be delicious, but I'm not likely to come here again. For me the rudeness of the server coupled with the subpar sushi was enough to deter me from this restaurant.
3	i like sushi kame.  their fried rice is good.  their veggie sushi rolls have never disappointed.  but to the totally stressed out older lady who seems to run things over there...take a vacation, because you're rude to your customers.  on their menu it says they will make rolls to order.  i asked if an inari roll could be made for me.  basically a little fried bean curd wrapper with rice and cucumber inside.  i have made them myself, and it takes very little effort... and is extraordinarily cheap.  not at sushi kame!  the first time i went, the price was $6 for 4 rolls of this type.  i thought it was a little steep, but whatever.  it was good.  i enjoyed it.the next time i went.... the same order.... SIXTEEN dollars.  yep.  apparently inari rolls now have gold flecks in them or something, because in a little over two weeks the price skyrocketed by $10.  i brought it to said stressed out older lady, because she had taken my to-go order.  she just kept repeating that it was "today's price".  she totally seemed angry and upset that i had even asked.  i had though.  because....listen, lady... i don't think tofu has a market price like seafood.  even if it does... it's f'n tofu.  no one had to go out on the wild seas and wrangle it.  i paid it.  for some reason two cucumber rolls, an order of fried rice, and 4 inari rolls came to a little under $30 that day.  i gave that rude lady $16.... and i hated every minute of it and every minute of eating what now felt like total rip off inari.i haven't been back since that.  it's a shame too.  the food is really not so bad.  not gold plated tofu prices, but good enough.
4	Was in Champaign for the weekend & was jonesin' for some sushi. Went to sushi Kame after seeing good reviews on Yelp. When I walked in I immediately noticed that there were Japanese folks eating at the Japanese restaurant. Always a good sign. The service was excellent, and despite a somewhat limited (and eel-heavy!!) menu, I had a really tasty lunch with good quality sushi, at an affordable price.
4	I don't know how long this place has been here, but I've been looking right past it for at least a couple of years' worth of periodic visits to Champaign.  My dad is a big sushi fan, so he was glad to discover another local option (Kamakura is still apparently his favorite, but I can't speak to their sushi as I've only been for hibachi).  The wait staff at Kame was friendly, attentive and kept our meal going at a great pace.  The kitchen was keeping up excellently with our staggered ordering.The vibe inside feels, oddly, much more like a Mexican restaurant.
4	Great place and certainly less crowded than Ko Fusion on a weekend. The service was courteous and I really enjoyed the chirashi I had which is basically sashimi over rice. My friends also had the chicken teriyaki and a couple different rolls. We were all content with our meal and I definitely plan on coming back. This is a much simpler sushi place with more traditional dishes you'll see at a regular sushi place compared to Ko Fusion which has a lot of American sushi rolls and honestly sometimes gimmicks.
4	Lunch Bento set is of good value - the portion is decent and the food tastes great.  The ambience is also good and the restaurant looks clean.
5	This is the best sushi restaurant in Champaign, hands-down.  I don't like Yellowfin (inconsistant with freshness), I don't like Sushi Rock or Sushi Avenue (both cheap but neither tastes very good), I definitely don't like Kamakura (bad service and crappy food), I don't like Miso (Urbana...across from Carle??), Oishi is ok (#2 on my list for sushi, but a very distant #2 -- they get points for creativeness and plating) and Kofusion is local but is very over rated ($1 sushi night on Monday is ok, but most selections are cooked and have either cream cheese or something "tempura" worked into it one way or another).  And it still stands that there is no good gyoza in Champaign.... no one pan fries them properly... they're usually very soggy and the filling sucks.  Better off to make your own.They have bento boxes for about $10-$13 for lunch.  They start you off with a cold noodle dish (very good) and some miso soup.... I had my one year old son with me once, and they brought out more tofu cubes for him.... he gobbled them all down saying, "More cheese! More cheese!!!" (whatever gets him to eat tofu! LOL).   The fish is good -- I mean, it's not the kind of fresh fish that you'd get in Tokyo or NYC, but it is GOOD.  The rice is seasoned well.   The tempura in the box is also very good -- not a heavy breading like other restaurants have.   I came in the other day at 1pm and it was BUSY.  The busiest I've ever seen.  There was only one waitress.... but the service was OUTSTANDING for it being one service.  She had some sort of system down because she had it down -- no one was left waiting or fuming.  Water glasses were kept filled, food was hot (or room temperature if you ordered sushi), food was prompt, checks were dealt with fast and I was left dumbfounded -- I couldn't believe how wonderful the service was that day -- I mean, I didn't want the waitress chit chatting with me but for the amount of tables she was dealing with, it was excellent.  I tipped her well that day..... and this is why I gave this restaurant five stars today..... usually it would be about a four star.... but her service (and I believe she is either the wife of the owner or at least a long standing waitress) was impeccable.
5	Wow, I was surprised at how fresh the fish is here and how tasty the rolls are.  The lovelove doesn't sound good but I promise its amazing!  I have tried the bento boxes, nigiri (raw fish over rice) and rolls, everything has been delicious.  I travel quite a bit and rarely find a sushi restaurant in a land locked city this good.I will be back and highly recommend.
4	After trying four different sushi restaurants in the area, I would without a doubt say Sushi Kame ranks above them all. I came here with a couple of friends on a Wednesday night and had a very pleasant experience.The service was very good. After taking our order, we were served some miso soup followed by some cold noodles. Our sushi rolls were brought out not long after the noodles. Between my friends and I, we ordered rolls of spicy tuna, negi hemachi (sp), unagi, dragon, shrimp tempura, and crab. Everything tasted great. However, I personally liked the dragon, unagi, and spicy tuna above the others. It can become a little pricey but it is worth it for good sushi in this town. Overall, it was a  pleasant experience and I shall be returning soon.
5	The asparagus beef roll was delicious! And u have to try the teriyaki beef! It's really tender and tasty!
5	We went here for lunch today and were SO pleased. Thank you yelpers for directing us here! We got two rolls and the sushi bento box and enjoyed everything we got.  The Love-Love roll was especially good, with each bite a little explosion of flavor from the cilantro, spicy sauce, and pepper.  Everything tasted fresh and was neatly prepared, and, while California rolls are usually just sushi filler, the two pieces in the bento box were fantastic and would actually be worth ordering on their own.  The Sunset roll was expensive, but good.  We will definitely be back.
3	Normally I'd leave 4 stars but the service wasn't up to par. Sushi was good by Champaign standards. But the service was slow, and we had to wait 30 minutes to be told they ran out of the dessert we had ordered.
5	Great sushi. They also hook you up with appetizers like Miso soup, noodle salad. I recommend you try the roll with the baked smoked salmon. You really can't go wrong with any of their rolls.
2	Not a big fan of it. Price for lunch is okay but not for the dinner. Worth a try but that's it.
1	I'm very surprised at some of these reviews.  Both times I came to this restaurant I received rice that was cold on sushi that looked like it was made hours ago and on my last visit, got food poisoning.I honestly refuse to go back to a place that failed inspection with a score of 10 and then managed to stay open with a score of 40 (5 points above failing).  Honestly, Champaign really needs to enact a law to protect patrons by requiring establishments to post their score card on their doors like other cities.  Thank goodness for cu-citizenaccess dot org.
4	I love this place! Tried it for the first time this week and it will definitely be my new go-to sushi spot in Champaign. This is such a great little find for those looking for a nice, quiet atmosphere filled with authentic Japanese food.The service was great, and they even gave us warm towels before our meal began. They also provided miso soup and noodles on the house. They were delicious! I ordered edamame and the sweet potato sushi roll, both of which were fresh and tasty. I was impressed with how affordable the menu was especially in comparison to competing Japanese restaurants in the Champaign-Urbana area. I can't wait to come back again soon!
3	The first time I tried Sushi Kame I thought it was good. I didn't exactly try their sushi. I got the chicken teriyaki bento box and that was okay. My second visit I ordered various rolls. They were decent. I thought I would enjoy it more but it would either be lacking flavor or it wouldn't be enough. I do enjoy their appetizers- the miso soup and the cold noodles. I wish I knew how to make those. As for the ambiance, it's comfortable. It's good for dates or meetings. That said, it's a little more chaotic on really busy days. Expect the sushi to take a while especially when everybody else is ordering them. The service is fine as well. Nevertheless, I wouldn't completely forget about Sushi Kame. There's such a few selection of good restaurants when it comes to sushi at Chambana and Sushi Kame will still be able to satisfy your cravings.
2	If I'm going to buy some expensive sushi, I expect them to be of high quality. These sushi rolls were not. I ended up spending $16 to get a three roll special of California roll, spicy salmon roll, and spicy tuna roll. The spicy salmon tasted like it wasn't that fresh. The service was very amiable. I wish their servers wore name tags so I could thank them by name.
4	I really liked the sushi here. It's grey tasting and fresh. Plus, they have a really good tasting soup that is given before the meal. Just the waiting time was bad.
5	Sushi Kame is the best place in CU to get sushi! It's off campus, but a relatively fast bus ride and walk will get you there. It's in downtown Champaign so you can do a lot of things before or after you eat. Conveniently, it's right next to a little independent movie theater!I've gone here multiple times during slow hours and busy hours. The service is consistently good and they clean your table before you're seated and give you a warm towel. During slow hours, Sushi Kame is tranquil and becomes an intimate dining experience. The food comes out fast and is a wonderful quality. I also really like the complimentary tea and vermicelli noodle dish they give you before your order comes. It's refreshing and cleanses your palate. The servers are attentive and I've never had to wait for water. Even during busy hours, they don't rush you.The sushi is fantasic and well priced. I like the spicy scallop roll, love love roll, and salmon rolls. Fresh fish that is melt in your mouth good. The rolls are artistically presented and gorgeous to look at. The chef really puts hard work into them.I had the udon on another visit and I enjoyed it. The soup is light and savory and it isn't oily at all. The udon noodles had a perfect al dente texture and together, they really made my day on a cold evening. The tempura is also another recommended dish. It's perfectly fried with no grease or oil and presented in a nice manner.On holidays like Valentine's day, they are super packed so I definitely suggest making a reservation. I walked in and had to wait 15 minutes with my boyfriend until we were seated at the sushi bar. That day our server was rushing around but did a fantastic job getting orders, people, and food around. We got the bento boxes and they are huge! They offer a lot of food for a great price and I took a lot home.At the end of every meal, they give you a chocolate mint, which is a sweet finish to a marvelous meal. I definitely recommend coming here for your Japanese food craving!
4	My favorite place for sushi in Champaign. Lunch is my favorite time to go but the dinner selections are great too. We always order a variety of rolls. Anything with tuna is excellent. The rainbow roll is my favorite.
5	Love this place!i am a big fan of sashimi, and sushi kame delivers.i think their sushi rolls are pretty standard, but don't be afraid to shell out for the nicer rolls if you want something really good.a lot of people are too reserved to try the ones that are actually awesome, so the tame ones are just that- pretty dang tamethe bentos are a good vareity, the tempura is delicious, and the main is always a wonder. i highly recommend the teriyaki salmon or the udon bowl if you dont roll with raw meats, but i do say this-their sashimi is fresh, good quality, and much larger portions and slices than the other fish joints in town. big ups to their lunch sashimi bento!dont be afraid to try something new here! it's all pretty delicious fare and no flashy items to bring up the cost.truly japanese - simple yet delicious. the food speaks for itself.
2	I went there and had a daily special salmon sashimi, it only has 5 thin pieces and is 10.95$. I also had a soba, where the noodles looked exactly like what I bought from grocery for 3$ a bag, and it's 7.95$. You can't say a sushi restaurant is good, just because champaign doesn't have other good sushi restaurants. I think I will never go there again.
5	one word...AMAZING! I have been to all, and I mean ALL, sushi restaurants in Champaign Urbana area, and this place has the best sushi. My friends and I thought we should give this place a try last Sunday, and I'm so glad we did.They first give you complementary miso soup, and a small bowl of noodles with a cucumber. I loved it! Especially the noodles! The food came out fairly quickly given that the place was pretty busy. We got spicy shrimp tempura, love-love, volcano, dragon, and other sushi rolls (we ordered too much, so I don't remember all the names). Everything tasted wonderful, and I love that our sushi rolls came in a huge BOAT! Overall, service was great, the fish was fresh, and the rolls were lovely. My friends and I will be back soon :-)
