5	M & B Energetics and Anita T. provide an excellent massage experience. I have had Anita as my therapist for some time now and have sampled almost every modality she offers at M & B Energetics. The quality and attention to detail is the best I have had. I have been getting massages routinely for years now (once a month) and must say that never before has my body responded so great to treatment. Whether receiving a deep tissue, relaxation or energy work treatment, MBE will make you feel amazing. Competitive pricing, out-call, in-call and three great locations makes it even more of a top choice for those who are serious about their massages and about their well being. I highly recommend visiting the website and booking a treatment. Ask for Anita, she will not disappoint.
5	I had a massage for the first time from mind and body by Anita and let me just say it was amazing! She is very professional and gives the bothersome areas the attention they need. Anita had me relaxed from the beginning of the session and by the end I was so relaxed it was hard for me to get up. That night I had the most amazing deep sleep I have had in weeks. I would definitely rank mind and body in my top two places for massages.  Can't wait to schedule my next appointment!
5	I receive regular massages from Anita and have nothing but good things to say about her treatments. She has the ability to get to your problem areas and work out all the kinks to get your body working in harmony again. She is very professional, extremely knowledgeable, and is a very caring person. Those qualities are invaluable when it comes to massage therapy and healing the ailments a person may have. Her holistic approach to mind and body wellness have helped lessen my stress related aches and pains. I highly recommend her services and always look forward to my appointments that balance my body and re-energize my soul.
5	I've been seeing Anita for several years. She is a very skilled massage therapist. I had nagging shoulder pain for several years after an auto accident. A Cortisone injection and physical therapy only got me so far. After Anita worked on it, my shoulder loosened up enough that I could hold my right arm straight up for the first time since the injury and I was able to stop taking over the counter pain medication to help me sleep at night. I've been getting massage on a regular basis for over ten years and she stands as the best among several therapists I've seen in the past.
5	In the middle of making a life changing commitment, i felt an overwhelming need for balance, focus, reassurances, and peace with myself. Anita recommended i try Reiki. Having never had a Reiki session before i was unsure what to expect.  Anita was very informative in explaining and making me feel comfortable and at ease in stepping into the unknown. From the moment our session started i was very comfortable and felt an overwhelming peace and tranquility that made me feel very relaxed.  I left the session satisfied with my outcome and feeling more relaxed and peaceful than i had in days.  I would highly recommend Anita for any type of massage  but especially if you are new to energy work she is very attentive to your needs and her attention to detail and quality of care make Anita an exceptional therapist you wouldn't want to miss out on.
5	I've had the opportunity to work with various healers and massage therapists over the years and with Anita, I can truly say there is something really unique and special about her approach. Her touch is instantaneously healing and she is extremely gifted and intuitive. With every session, I can feel her clearing the energy blockages from my body and I always leave feeling at peace and illuminated.  She is beautiful and soulful and it is reflected in her caring nature towards her clients.
5	Wow!  Anita is an amazing therapist.  Her energy and skill level is top notch.  I have seen many great therapists in the valley but I have found my favorite.  She works out of two locations and also does out-call.  What a great gift for yourself or someone else.  If you are looking for true healing through body work, call Anita.
