1	THE WORST SERVICE EVER!!! DO NOT USE THEM!!! never called back to schd a time to fix it. i had to call everytime and they kept saying they would call back and never did. kept giving us the run around. we have been with no ac for a week. i have a 10 month old baby. they said they take calls based on emergency, apparently they think a baby in the house with no ac is NOT an emergency. got hung up on multiple times when trying to call bout my claim. very rude. the guy laughed when i told i have a baby in the house and it was 100 degrees inside. after this i am writing to the BBB about their work ethic and how poorly the buisness that they run is. what a POS company. DO NOT EVER USE THEM!!! HORRIBLE!!! i would give them no stars but it made me chose at least 1. but they dont desevere the star.
1	These guys are criminals! They said I needed a new AC unit, I was desperate and said yes.  Later I found out that it was only a bad capacitor.  Ok so I got a new AC unit ... I paid out the nose and on the same day it was installed. Many weeks later I get a lien letter from their supplier.  Yes, I now have a lien in my house because they did not pay their bill.  Oh ya, and I was not the only customer they did this to.  Finally I contacted the General Contractor of Nevada and their bond company.  So after 100' s of phone calls and emails they paid their bill.  These guys are very nice on the phone and in person but don't let them trick you.  They should have lost their license but Nevada actually protects contractors like this one.
1	They charged me $1275 for a part that retails for $600.  And why am I thinking it was a used part at that?
1	Hired these guys to replace condenser fan motor on roof top ac unit in July 2011.  The technician just happened to have the correct replacement on the truck, installed it, and ac unit worked. $400. So I use ac all summer. Next summer rolls around, and the motor is wobbling and sometimes wont run. I decide I will replace the motor myself, and I found a do it youreself supplier here in vegas called appliance parts center. The parts guys had to call the mfr, and get the exact correct part. The bad part was apparently the incorrect rpm rating, causing it to fail so soon. I learned that commercial cooling and heating had installed the wrong motor. They also should have replaced the fan blade, but did not. I learned a new condenser motor should last at least 5 years, and usualy when replaced, the fan blade should be replaced as well, to ensure a warped fan blade does not cause premature motor failure. I also learned that they had over charged me for the motor. I got the correct new motor and fan blade for a total of $230, and installed it myself. The motor was $150. commercial cooling and heating is a complete price gouging rip off operation. On top of that they dont even install the correct parts and do not care. I did a bit of research and the nevada state contractors board shows they have a history of not paying their suppliers, and home owners getting liems put on their homes. Might want to avoid these clowns.
