2	Newly opened restaurant, same as the Great Links on West Craig that's been around awhile.  This new Great Links is next to Nellis AFB, in the same location that was a Blueberry Hill for years and then a short-lived Korean BBQ.  The Great Links over on Craig serves great food and is well run--cannot say the same here.  Average food at best. Extremely slow service (still waiting for a burger and fries after 30 minutes).  I came in three weeks ago right after they opened--second time is today and it has not improved; don't expect they will stay open long without improvements in all areas.
5	Best food. The whole family actually agrees on this place almost impossible these days. Best Philly cheese steak I've had forever. Gotta go here and give it a try. Family favorite and Sunday kids eat free. Hey if you like old bikes come meet the owner he does too. See you there
4	Pretty plain-jane interior. But, the service was good and importantly, the food was great.
2	No way the food is worth the price. Ordered a bacon burger did not get the bacon. They took it back and the cook was noticeably upset then waited to finish cooking other meals before he started cooking the bacon. By the time I got the burger back it was so soggy that I had to eat it with a knife and fork. By the time I got half way through I realized that it had sat so long that the paper in the basket was mixing with it. All the appatizers were noticeably frozen as in it tasted like I just microwaved them myself. The waitress was great and I was not expecting much from a burger/bar joint but I will never go back.
1	Beware of rotten foods being served!!!I decided to try out the newly opened Great Links next to Nellis AFB and to my disappointment I was very dissatisfied. I had ordered two BLT sandwiches because I thought that it would be a quick and fresh lunch to have but  it was anything but that.1. Service was extremely slow, I waited at least 20 mins. on two BLT sandwiches.2. When I got my sandwiches the tomatoes were flat out rotten. Rotten to the point the smelled of vinegar and piss with a white ring around the outside. This was tottaly disgusting.I had told the waitress of the problem and she acted like she wanted to say "what do you want me to do about it",, very disrespectful. Finally the owner came out and apologized for serving rotten food and said that he would give a 20% discount.. I didn't want to pay at all for this meal but was in a hurry and didn't want to cause a scene so paid.Eaters beware of not so fresh and rotten food being served here!
5	Unlike the previous review, I've ate here. 4-5 times, and each time I've had EXCELLENT food and service. Never had anything bad, free kids meal on the weekends with a paid adult, and the owners are extremely nice. Can't say anything bad about this place! If you're looking for a good place to eat that won't break the bank, this is the go to place.
1	Food is disgusting!!! I ordered a BLT and it took 30 mins to recieve it when it did come it came with rotten tomatoes on it!! Tomatoes that smell of urine and have white mold on them.  Very disgusting restraunt, I do not forsee this place staying in buisness very long just like the last three food places that tried to establish here.
