3	I spent about an hour here.  Most of the associates are older men that take pride in there work and are all about customer service and getting the job done.  Theses associates were always working and never just standing around talking.  Whenever they finished one task, they would ask someone else if they needed help.Now if only the key copies they made were accurate...
5	I love this store. I can just spend hours walking around getting ideas of things to either update or change around my house.All of the sales associates are very helpful and knowledgeable. Sometimes it's hard to find someone to help you because they are busy helping other customers.They even cut keys that actually work.
4	I've done basically a gut renovation of my house over the last year, and the East Liberty Home Depot has made this process ten times more bearable. Most of the staff can give you reasonably good advice about which items or tools you should purchase, they all have a good understanding of where things are in the store, and the return policy is amazing. When you make 3-4 trips per day back to the store, after realizing that the simple wiring of a light that you planned has evolved into an afternoon installation project, having someone who is nice about you returning parts and asking a million questions is such a stress reliever. If you need to use the bathroom when your plumbing at home explodes, you may get one or two odd looks if you bring a toothbrush, but even then the staff seems to have seen everything and maintains their nice and calm demeanor. The only reason I wouldn't give it 5 stars is because I was once (out of 50 times) given very bad advice about which stain to use that basically ruined a brand new $1000 wood door, and the appliances tend to be overpriced by comparison to Best Buy and Sears.
3	I love hardware stores.  LOVE.  But this Home Depot has disappointed me.  The location is great, but the floor staff is unhelpful.Tonight was a great example of I don't like the floor staff.  My vacuum stopped picking up anything but the largest pieces of dust.  After opening her up, I quickly realized I needed a new belt.  It was pouring down rain, but I put on my rainboots, grabbed an umbrella, and hoofed it over to ye ole Home Depot.  I had to stand over the shoulders of five--yep, I counted five--employees in appliances for a full minute before one of them would help me.After someone directed me to the vacuum parts, I had two male employees stop by to see if I needed help as I searched for the correct belt.  I had the vacuum's name and number written down, as well as the belt style, and had the actual busted belt with me.  Yet, each of these men acted like I was some stupid girl.  "Did you unplug the vacuum before you removed the old belt?" one asked me.  Duh.  I'm not an idiot.  The other later asked, "Do you always wear bright yellow rainboots when you're doing repairs?" and snickered.  Look, all I said to both gentlemen was "I'm just looking for the correct style number.  But thanks."I received similar treatment I stopped by to buy a new set of bits for my drill.  "You know drills come in more than one kind, right?" I was asked.  And when I needed a new bag of dirt of my cacti, I was question about why I wanted succulent dirt over potting soil.  Every time a male employee here approaches me, I'm questioned or given unsolicited advice in a snotty way.This girl may wear bright yellow rainboots, but I am also the Norm Abram of my family.  AKA I'm pretty handy.  Oh, and the vacuum works perfectly now.Shout out goes to the check out attendants, who were SUPER polite.  Nice work, ladies.
3	This was my first time to this Home Depot.  Very impressed with the customer service here.  We were redoing a bathroom and went in for more tiles.  They were out of them.  However, a staff member helped us use other tile and decorative pieces to compliment the tile we already had, instead of schlepping all the way to Monroeville to pick up the tile up were originally looking for.  We were very happy with the result!
2	Fish out of water here when it comes to hardware related things.  I mean I know how to swing a hammer and push a button to start a machine, but all the other stuff...meh.I've only really gone in here to pick up paint, so I'll focus on that.  I feel bad for the lady that works the paint counter.  Each time I'm in there she always seems to be by herself with a line of customers all wanting there base paint tinted.  I don't believe there was ever a time I could just walk up to the counter and have my paint mixed for me.  Give that woman a hand.
3	This is a pretty good HD. It is somewhat smaller than the ones in Ross Park and Monroeville, but they seem to stock most of the same items. Occasionally I do need to go to Monroeville to find specific items, however. With a 1920s house, I spend quite a bit of time here for getting materials for repairs.Customer service is about average. Some people are very helpful, others not so much. In general, they seem to be better than the Lowes at the Waterfront. At least HD people know where items are in the store. I can't tell you how many times I've received completely different (and wrong) answers to finding stuff at Lowes.I would prefer a small hardware store (such as an Ace) closer to me for things like nuts, bolts, and screws. Ace seems to have a better selection than HD does for hard-to-find items. HD has most of the basics covered, however, and probably a little cheaper.I generally avoid their paint section except for equipment. I prefer the service at a Sherwin-Williams or Masterwork Paint store. We've had decent luck with their garden department. We've had to return a few plants that died the day after we planted them, but they have never given us any problems with returns. It's a big-box home improvement store, for better or worse. It's a convenient location with a decent selection. 'Nuff said.
4	Last February I went to The Home Depot with the intent to get a portable AC unit and I left with two lovely house plants and the AC.  My plants are doing great thriving and looking good.  I got a spider plant and a golden pathos. They had a rather impressive selection of indoors plants.  My only regret is that I didn't get a peace lily while I was there.   I purchased my first ever air conditioner and I'm happy I did so at The Home Depot. I have terrible luck with appliances. In my experience no matter how much I pay , be it $30 or $ 300.00 my appliances always seem to stop running right after the manufactures warranty expires.  So I opted for the additional year of coverage which cost peanuts. I believe the additional protection it was less then $15.00 dollars.  To this day I find it funny that my hubby and I purchased THE LAST PORTABLE AC the store had, remember guys this was last February. So apparently there was a run on ACs last winter.   Anyway it's still working great even after I dropped a screw inside of it on accident and I'm happy with my purchase.  The staff did a good job helping us find the AC and I'd  be more then happy to spend additional dollars at The Home Depot.  I might even get that peace lily after all.
1	I would rather drive out of my way to another Home Depot than give this location my business. Employees are unhelpful and the most of them are too busy talking to each other and complaining about their jobs to notice you're standing there in front of them. Strike that... I'm certain they notice, they just don't care.I'm a pretty understanding person, but when this sort of thing happens more than once on the same visit, it's time to go. There are plenty of HD's around, seek them out and skip this one (especially if you're going to have questions)!
3	Most of the home depots i've seen are the same and that includes this one. aisles full of hardware supplies, tools, bathroom accessories and even a small nursery for gardening. My favorite section is the tool section seeing that I'm a DIY-er. (Do it yourself) if you didn't already know that. I enjoy building, maintaining and fixing things in my own home as opposed to hiring a contractor and paying a boat load. I'm best known at the Home Depot in monroeville. I come in there so often a lot of the employees know me just by my dog. Yes my dog, who i have brought into this store several times. They allow pets i'm assuming because i've never been asked to leave and I've seen others with their pets as well. That's the best part about the store is the animal policy and the fact that they offer enough supplies for you to practically build a house. Some things are cost efficient while others are kinda breaking the bank. There not as modern as lowes but they have alot of the same products. I recently built my own in home bar. t's 8 by 2, a long bar that i (a girl) built by hand. I'm very proud of the work i did. I installed lights and polished it and it has a resin top with ceramic tiles beneath it. It's a real beauty and i got all the supplies at home depot. Cost me about $600 to make but i put it together in 2 months so that's a plus. But yea if your in need of some nice plants to go in the kitchen or patio OR you just want to spruce up a few things around the house, then this Mega home repair store is where you ought to be. Between this and lowes its not like you have a choice.
4	I am not a Home Despot fan in general as I like to favor small hardware stores instead.  But I was here with a friend who is in the middle of a home renovation project and needed my help.  I was here at an off time and on an off day and the customer service was great.  3 out of the 4 people who helped us really knew what they were talking about.  I really felt like I was in a home depot commercial with the friendly workers explaining their products to you and helping you make smart selections.  In the course of an hour in the store at least 6 people asked me if I needed help finding something.  In Home Depot I often have to walk around for 15 minutes to find a sales person who knows nothing.  This Home Depot was quite different from the rest.
1	What has happened to the East Liberty Home Depot?  It used to be my "go-to" place for everything DIY, but no longer.  I stopped by yesterday to pick up about nine items, all of them basic home improvement supplies: cabinet handles, tension rods, quarter round molding, etc.  I came away with NONE of it.  Everything we wanted was OUT OF STOCK!  When I asked if I could order it and have it delivered to the store (to save the shipping costs) I was told that the items I wanted were not "qualified" for delivery to the store.  "When will the items be restocked?"  "Don't know."  "Would it be possible to get the items delivered from another store in the region?"  "No, that 'messes with' our inventory controls."  Oh, but I was told I could haul my sorry butt out to Monroeville where the stock of everything I wanted was plentiful.  Really? The staff I dealt with could not have cared less about helping me.  Maybe because it was a holiday (New Year's Eve).  Dunno.  Don't care.  Customer service should not ebb and flow based on the day/date.  The East Liberty HD used to have shelves full of product and plenty of choices.  And the staff was helpful and eager to engage with customers.  No longer.  It appears that the company has given up on the location and is letting it die a slow and painful (for its customers) death.  VERY disappointing to me.
3	I made the rookie mistake of going to this Home Depot on a sunny afternoon on a Saturday.  Enter pure chaos.  For starters, this parking lot is the worst.  Small spaces with large trucks squeezing in.  Seriously, what were they thinking when they made these micro spaces?  There were people in every which direction aimlessly and some pointedly Cris-crossing every aisle.  I WAS able to ask two different employees for help, but you have to grab them, because they're busy.The check-out was even more insane.  Two lanes with actual employees and then the self-check out, which really shouldn't even be a thing.  You try scanning your own yard stick.  Yeah, right.This particular Home Depot is located just beyond Penn Circle in East Liberty ('Slibery) and is off a one-way street.  Don't come here for a relaxing shopping trip.  Be prepared for insane parking lot wars and lots of chaos once inside.  But if you live in the East End, and need supplies, this is probably your best bet.
1	Waiting 20 minutes to get one piece of wood cut in an empty store on a Friday afternoon.  Priceless!
2	Fairly mediocre, even by the relatively modest standards of Home Depot. Unfortunately, this is probably the best you're going to do for hardware in most of Pittsburgh.
2	Tried using the online order store pickup with the hopes of increased efficiency.  fail.
