5	My mother contacted Raxmasters because she was looking to install overhead storage in her garage. They quoted her a price and let her know it has a lifetime warranty. These guys could not have been better, they did a great job at installing them, they were very friendly and down to earth, quick and efficient. They will not disappoint you! On another note, they also mentioned they did epoxy floors so my mother decide to get her garage floor done as well and it looks fantastic! An absolutely wonderful company!
5	Had a overhead unit and shelf installed by Jerry. The quality of the product is really good. The service from Jerry was great. Easy to get ahold of and work with. Jerry is upfront about prices, installation, and what you needs actually require.
5	I saw there flyer in the home mag and thought I would give them a call.  I needed some overhead storage in my garage so I could park the cars easier.  They came out for an estimate and were very professional  and knowledgeable.  They suggested 3 different ways I could do it.  No pressure to do it a certain way and left it up to me.  I asked when they could come back to install and they said they would do it now and be done in an hour or so.  They turned out amazing.  They look really nice and I would recommend them to anyone that needs more storage area!
1	These guys were a no call no show.  I rearranged my work schedule to accommodate the appointment that we agreed upon, and they never showed nor even called. Very unprofessional.I would not recommend unless you like wasting your time!
5	Jerry did a fantastic job of installing two overhead shelves in my new home. They are super sturdy and even after I loaded them up, I was doing pullups on them and they didn't budge at all.Jerry is a very nice guy and a testament to people who migrate to this country and work hard to start a small business. I was very happy with the first two racks so I had him install two more that were a little less deep so they would fit above the garage door. They were perfect for a log of long things that I had (12') that didn't fit anywhere else.Obviously I highly recommend Raxmasters.
5	Just had Rax Masters install a 8'x3' rack in our garage. They were on time, and very quick the installation. Jerry was a pleasure to work with, and the racks looks great!
5	Jerry installed (2) 8x2 super duty racks in my garage. He was 10 mins early which is absolutely professional when your running a biz and it took him maybe 20 mins if that to do an awesome job! Would def recommend him.
5	Jerry was amazing. He was able to answer every question I had. Not only did he do the storage racks which made my garage look so much better but he did my 3 car garage floor with epoxy. It looks amazing. I have had my floors done on different houses and by far he was the best. Trust me he was wonderful
5	I am new in town and had to rely on yelp reviews to find a reliable and reputable shop to do my epoxy garage floor.  When I read Raxmasters reviews on yelp - with 9 out of 10 giving thumbs up excellent reviews, it was a no brainer that I had to go with Jerry as no other epoxy shop even come close.  Jerry did not disappoint and exceeded my expectation.  All the reviews I read on yelp on Raxmasters are accurate.  Raxmasters delivered first class quality in ingredients used and workmanship.  From the grinding of the garage floor, the use of top of the line industrial grade epoxy, and most important of all - two top clear coats to protect it from peeling - all came together seamlessly to present a first class epoxy floor.  Everyone I dealt with at Raxmasters was thoroughly professional - polite, courteous, pleasant, proactive, punctual and prompt, an absolute joy to work with.  The finished product was incredibly attractive.  Everyone who saw my epoxy garage floor loved it.  I whole-heartedly recommend Raxmasters without any reservation.
5	Wow.  Jerry and his crew are amazing.  We scheduled an appointment with Jerry prior to move in to get a competitive quote on garage racks and epoxy flooring.  We found his prices to be quite competitive and he was flexible with his scheduling.  He quickly responded to a change in our schedule and managed to deliver a quality installation for 3 overhead racks.  These racks are life-savors for space storage, and Jerry and his team installed them in less than 90 minutes.  Afterword, he came back to do our three car garage with epoxy.  This involved 4 different trips to the house as we had to move items from one side of the garage to the other.  His crew was on-time, clean, thorough and careful... and the finish product could be in a showroom at a home-show.  FANTASTIC.   I want to shout from the rooftop how good this company is and the quality of their work and their product.  We are recommending RAX MASTERS to our friends and family to improve their garage storage needs and the epoxy for the floor.  Well done!
5	Love these guy's work. Very professional and friendly - best of all the quality of their racks and install is second to none! My garage is now organized. Thanks Jerry!
5	What a hardworking crew!  Jerry and his guys do great work.  We had epoxy and racks in our garage done by Raxmasters, in our new house, and we're super happy with the job they did!  Highly recommend them.We did our own epoxy in our last house, and let me tell you, it's so worth it to have someone else do it for you. Also, the racks are incredible space savers and keeps our garage organized. We can now park in our garage. :)
5	These guys rock! On time to the minute, up-front pricing that includes tax & installation, and this rack is a beast!! Definitely recommended and they will be back to put up more racks above my garage door as soon as I have the budget!
5	Jerry is such a terrific person to work with. He gave me a fair quote up front and worked with my schedule on the install. Not to mention, the ease and quality of the two racks he installed were terrific. I am getting the garage floor epoxied (sp?) this week, so I will post photos afterwards, but I am VERY impressed and felt compelled to write a review. If you are like me and have a garage full of stuff, you will love the feeling of getting everything off the floor.
5	Jerry and his team provide complete service from advising on the best configuration, to install, and finally clean up and use. Also this was by far the best quality of materials and mounting that ensures safe storage of our items. Jerry understand how to set expectations and deliver on all expectations which provided me with complete confidence in his work.
5	I just had my garage floor epoxied and a storage rack installed by Jerry and his crew (rax masters) Now, this review can't speak to the total quality of the garage floor job, which is mainly measured in how long it lasts before wearing out, chipping away, or peeling. It will take years (hopefully decades) before I find out how good of a job was done: if the epoxy materials were truly high quality as advertised, if the floor was actually throughly prepared, if everything was applied correctly.  I have no reason to doubt everything was done exactly as promised. But I'm a natural skeptic, and I won't base a review on stuff I don't know or can't verify. This would be the same for any company i'd hire.So here's the stuff I can verify about the service Rax masters provided for the garage floor:  1.  The floor simply looks awesome. The application was even across the garage and it just sparkles.  the rack he installed is heavy duty and looks great as well. 2. Jerry has the best price in town. I called everybody I could find in vegas listed for garage floors. Jerry beat them all. 3.  Jerry was the friendliest and most helpful. He answered the phone first time I called and was able to answer all my questions. Everybody else either didn't pick up or a receptionist picked up, took my info and told me someone else would call me back to answer my questions.  4.  Jerry's has the best/most thorough method for epoxy advertised. He advertises a full grind on the concrete of the garage floor (with a diamond grinder). Also he uses a fully solvent based epoxy instead of a partially water based epoxy. Now I did a decent amount (about 7 hours worth) of research when determining whether I should hire a pro or go with a Home Depot kit. And the two biggest, most important things that was stressed from online forums to articles was making sure to get a full solid grind of the concrete floor and having a high quality non-water based epoxy.  Jerry is the only guy I town who is advertising both! Everybody else either said up front they skimped on the grinding or their epoxy was partially water based. They either wanted to do a quick "sanding" or they were going to skip it all together and just do an acid wash (which is what you can do with the Home Depot kit for a grand less than what they were charging).  Only Jerry was saying all the right things that concurred with all the research I had done.5.  Jerry was accommodating. When I decided to go with him the earliest time he had available was a week out. When something came up, I called jerry to see if there was any way I could move up the appointment sooner. I even offered to pay an additional $100 for the move up.  He said he'd see what he could do and would call me the next morning. Usually this is the polite way of saying "no sorry". But the next morning he called back and said he spoke to another customer and got them to switch their time with me so he could start the job the following day. This was awesome.  His crew showed up on time every morning and just knocked it out. No hassles. To top it off when the time came to pay, jerry refused to take the extra $100 I promised.  Pretty classy. So there you have it. If you are super anal about making sure you've done your research and are getting a high quality service for a great price, you'll come to the same conclusion I did. But you can save yourself the hours I spent and choose Jerry's Rax Masters. Out of everyone in vegas, he's the best.
5	I hired Raxmasters to lay epoxy and  put storage in my garage because of great reviews in yelp. And indeed, Jerry and his crew did a great job! No one can beat his price. The racks are heavy duty and the epoxy job is the best I've seen. Highly recommended!
5	Edgar and Juan are studs! Very professional, very good at their job. These guys laid a nice flooring down and installed a 4x8 foot rack. I wasn't able to be home for install so I had to explain to Edgar over the phone where I wanted to rack and he and Juan mounted it exactly where I wanted!! I've had A LOT of work done to my two house and most often I am disappointed with the quality of work - not with these guys though! Very quality stuff here. So happy. The rack they installed is so sturdy and amazing looking! Worth every penny!Thanks Raxmasters.
