3	A neat little sandwich shop in Downtown.  Blink and ya miss it.  They specialize in 8" subs.  They're a little too much for me to eat at one sitting, so I'll either split one or save half of it for later.  Most of the sandwiches have some pretty cool names:  The Old Geezer, The Cajun Cow, or the Dirty Bird.  My favorite is the Greek Bird:  chicken and cucumber sauce.Fadz offers typical salads here too like the Greek Salad, the House Salad or the Steak Salad.  They have sides here too inluding fries and onion rings, but really these sandwiches are big enough on their own.
3	8" Subs ranging from $5.49 to $6.49.  Salads from $4.49 to $6.49.  Subs are less than inspired, even with 30 options they all are basically small variations of the same 4 things.Cashier (whom I'm assuming is the owner) was quiet and seemed taken aback when I asked for a suggestion "with lots of veggies".  They ended up getting my order wrong and left out the veggies that I so desired (gave me "The Phoenix" instead of "The Penguin").  Sub was fairly tasty, the bread was by far the best part.  Waited 5-7 minutes, not terrible for a lunch rush for a grilled meat sub.Decor is paper plates, wax paper, Penguins and Steelers.  Oh and 50 random model cars mounted on the walls.I will go back for the bread, but hopefully they get my order right.
3	Y'know, Fadz is a solid three-star performer when it comes to a good sandwich.  It's not the pinnacle of fine dining but you'll certainly leave satisfied.  They pretty much do one thing and do it well--sandwiches.  I went here with a co-worker of mine and as these sandwiches are big, we split a Phoenix which is chicken and provolone and an order of onion rings.  I was almost bold enough to try the Ragin' Cajun chicken sandwich, but my friend wanted something a little more mild.  It's just as well--eat of the Ragin Cajuns too fast and you'll be able to see through time!
4	Hoagies.  With awesome, nicely toasted buns.
4	A wide variety of sandwiches at a decent price.  I've ordered 5 different subs and all have been very tastey.  Even during the lunch rush the food comes out quick.  I recommend "The Pirate" fish sandwich.
3	Not a bad li'l place to get a sandwich/hoagie. Lots of different offerings in that category for under $10. Service is fast, food is decent. Nothing to write home 'bout nor complain 'bout 'bout.
4	This place is easy to miss -- it's got a tiny shopfront right next to the Smithfield-Liberty Garage, across from SW Randall. Very convenient if you work in the Steel Building; it's just a short walk down the alley.They use Mancini bread, which means awesome in my book. Great flavor to the bread itself, which is made with adequate salt; slightly dry; all the better to absorb the grease and sauce from your sandwich. The Ragin' Cajun hoagie is amazing. Only a little bit spicy, and half of it will get you through an entire day. The chicken is thinly sliced breast meat and fried like cheesesteak-steak, with a good degree of browning involved. The only thing that bugs me is the shredded lettuce and mealy tomatoes, which have no place on this type of hoagie anyway. Pet peeve, right? I ask for it with onion only.I also love eggs on sandwiches, so the Steeler is pretty great, too. I prefer Southside Steaks for cheesesteak, on the whole, but if you're stuck downtown with a half-hour lunch, that's not an option.The only sandwich I've had here and haven't liked was the Big Melt, aka their tuna. Now, I. Love. Tuna. but this was pretty meh. Plain tuna -- no celery lurking therein, thank God -- but it needed something. If dill pickles were involved, it could be good. As is, I just wouldn't bother; the work cafeteria offered edible fried fish sammiches on Fridays, so.The fries seem to be fresh made, if slightly overcooked and soggy. They're better on the sandwiches as a condiment, sez the Pittsburgh native, than they are as a side in their own right. I'm not sure they fry them properly (once in cooler oil, once in hot) because they're fairly brown and greasy. Still much tastier than, say, BK fries or something; they actually taste like potatoes. If you have enough time, get your sandwich here and your fries at Wiener World across the street.Weirdly, they do offer delivery, just not during lunch hours, and they're barely open outside of those -- so if you're good getting your sandwich at 10:30 in the morning and letting it sit for a while, you can take advantage. Otherwise, just go pick up. If you've called in an order, don't wait in line; skip up to the right side of the counter and let them know.Pro tip: CALL AHEAD. If you're on a half hour lunch, you'll end up late back if you don't. They do work quickly but are packed and I've waited fifteen minutes for food.They do run daily specials, so check those out for a good deal. The hoagies are all in the $7 range, which ain't bad for dahntahn.The whole place is black and gold; jerseys and sports photos on the walls. It's about the size of an average Subway restaurant. They do have tables, and since most folks are going for take-out at lunch, seats are generally available. They have three bar stools at the back right for those waiting for their order, next to the coolers and condiments, so it can be a bit of a logjam. The customers are friendly, though, so no real problems.
3	Fadz, I love you for how you now have Fadz Gear available on your website http://www.cafepress.com/fadz !  Hats, mens' and womens' T-shirts, novelties, and office stuff!  You mean now I can pay you for the privilige of advertising your business?  Whoo hoo!  Okay Fadz, my little joke aside (and rest assured I meant it with love--some of your gear looks pretty good), your subs are still pretty good and well worth a 3 1/2 star rating.  I came here for lunch yesterday and got the Triple Play--pastrami, turkey, and Swiss cheese.  Mmmmm!
