3	There used to be a tiny little fast food Vietnamese joint on 6th Street and Mill that banged out pho for cheap, cheap, cheap that I used to frequent all the time. Unfortunately the ingredients reflected the price, they never so much as purchased a sign, and it ended up going out of business in less than a year. I can only cross my fingers and hope that the same doesn't go for Dragonfly Vietnamese Kitchen. The original is wicked fantastic and located in Mesa that has been around for a couple years and consistently produces some great pho (tripe and tendon anyone?), papaya salad and noodle dishes I have ever had. And at this new location they've created a sleek, urban eatery that fits right in with the rest of the locations on Mill Avenue, but manages to trump them in every respect. (Price, service, ambiance, and of course, the FOOD.)Dragonfly just opened a week ago and has a large banner instead of a sign advertising their presence, but judging by the lunch time crowd, word of mouth has really worked for this place. Their lunch time specials are impressive, with offerings of papaya salad, spring bowls, rice plates, several types of pho and Vietnamese sandwiches with soup or ginger vinaigrette dressed greens as a side for a humble...wait for it...$7.50. I'm still baffled at how they can offer such plentiful, healthy, delicious food at such a reasonable price.The soup of the day was Dungeness crab and asparagus soup, and there was no way I was passing up crab soup for a measly salad. It was such a good decision to go with double soup (pho and soup du jour) because it was peppered broth with HUGE chunks of real crab, asparagus, mushrooms and baby corn that was out of this world! We ordered the spring rolls as well, which were also HUGE with poached pork and shrimp, vermicelli noodles, mint, lettuce, bean sprouts, and cucumbers wrapped in rice paper and served with some of the best spicy peanut sauce I have ever had. The soup and spring rolls would have made a perfectly adequate lunch, but once the pho arrived, I dropped everything for this brothy delight.It was served in a HUGE (picking up on the trend here?) square bowl with thin slivered beef, vermicelli, and scallions and garnished with bean sprouts, lime wedges, fresh mint, jalapenos, sriracha chili sauce, hoisin sauce and soy sauce. Any combination of these additional ingredients will result in a savory concoction that can help you nurse a cold or open your sinuses, all while warming you to the core. It's fresh, healthy, light and scrumptious! I can see myself eating her very, very often in the future, and straying from my usual order of pho to branch out and try other things on their menu, all of which are still reasonably priced for a Mill Avenue joint (FUCKING SUCK IT BOA!) at 8 to 12 bucks an entree. I would also highly recommend the fresh squeezed limeade, made with sparkling seltzer water instead of still, which was a refreshing spritz of flavor. They also have a full bar, a must for Mill Avenue joint.The outdoor patio is surrounded by a pretty twisted wrought iron canopy exit at the front of the store and will offer a lovely dining experience since the weather has started to cool down. Inside the restaurant, the color scheme (green, white, plum and black) and ambiance create a fresh, vibrant, urban feel with large bamboo fixtures nested in beds of smooth black rocks. After talking to our server we were also informed that they hope to have a mellow live musical act in the middle of the restaurant in the near future for diners to enjoy. The service was also AMAZING! Prompt, friendly, easy on the eyes, and attentive. The food was ready lightening fast (almost too quickly considering our first courses, but I can see how the speed is great for getting people on a lunch break in and out) and the waiter was charming, making sure we got everything we could possibly need at lightening speed. I really, really, REALLY hope this place does well because I want to become a regular here. So go check it out and support a local business rather than a shitty chain on Mill Avenue. I can only hope more of these gems continue to pepper this ever increasing stretch of vapid consumerism, so I don't end up feeling like a corporate whore after my meal. Don't want to taint a dining experience this good with whoredom.*****UPDATE*****They have happy hour specials now from 3pm to 7pm! Half price appetizers: Tamarind chicken wings, lettuce wraps, crispy shrimp wontons, hoisin glazed spare ribs, and Vietnamese salt 'n pepper calamari! Domestic bottles 2 bucks, Imports for only a buck more, top shelf well drinks for 5 bucks, and house wine for 3 bucks.Thursday through Saturday they have live jazz on the patio from 7pm to 10pm. Best thing of all? They extend their happy hour appetizer and drink specials to their customers during this time. So you could eat and drink cheaply anytime between 3pm and 10pm Thursday and Friday! AWESOME!
5	I'm not the most prolific yelper in the world.  As a matter of fact I only feel the need to do it on the two extremes of "This place can link the sweat off my taint." or "Holy shit!  If you weren't food I would totally fuck you!"  So with that said I am happy to say welcome to the best fucking restaurant on Mill Avenue.  I know that's not quite the most ringing endorsement given the shit that exists on Mill these days but just take my word for it, I would totally fuck the food if it wasn't...you know...food.Are you listening to what I'm saying FATE!?!  Suck a dick you perpetratin ass wanna be restaurant.  You should send some people down here to learn how it's done.  Nuff sed.So anyways Dragonfly is a Vietnamese restaurant that just opened on Mill on 9/16.  I've eaten at their sister location in Mesa which is also excellent but this place wins hands down because a) they have a lunch menu (details to follow) b) they sell booze (full fucking bar, no joke) and c) it's like 5 minutes from my house.  It's the trifecta, the hat trick if you will, the elephants eyebrows, the eels hips, the bees knees, the gnats whistle...you get the point.  First let's start with the service.  It was impeccable.  Very attentive. Very friendly.  I'm aware that when a restaurant first opens they all try to kiss your ass so let's just hope that this holds out.  Next let's move on to the food.  The awesome lunch menu which is only $7.50 includes either the soup of the day or a green salad with a vinagrette dressing.  I went with the soup which was a very tasty asparagus and crab soup.  Asparagus and crab.  Before you even get the main course.  For $7.50!  Needless to say it was delicious.  You can't really go wrong with those two main ingredients in my book.  We also ordered the traditional spring roll for $3.95 which consists of rice paper rolled around shrimp, pork, vermicelli and mint leaves.  Dip that in the spicy peanut sauce that comes with it and try and tell me it isn't fucking awesome.  Go ahead.  Do it.  I wanna see you try.  That in and of itself could be a light lunch for a lot of people.  Back to the lunch menu.  So anyways for the aforementioned $7.50 you can choose between an assortment of pho (traditional Vietnamese soup) or a variety of sandwiches or a couple of salads or a spring bowl or rice plate.  We got the Pho Tai which contains lean beef and round eye steak.  They bring you a little side plate with bean sprouts, mint leaves, jalapeno and lime which you use to dress it up to your specifications.  It is delicious.  I was there with my old lady and since I know she's reading this, I mean my young, gorgeous beautiful lady.  Happy now darling!?!  And we both got the same thing and all we could do was talk about how good it was from the moment it hit our table.  The conversation consisted of shit like "Imagine how good this is going to be when it's cold out."  Her reply "Or when you're sick."  My thinking "Holy shit I can't wait to get sick cuz this shit would so rock the hell out of a cold!"  That's right I wished for illness just so I could experience the soothing effect this soup would have on a cold.  I know I'm totally building this up too much.  I'm really, really biased because I love Vietnamese food and this place is just as good as it gets when you're talking Vietnamese but regardless of all that it really is just damn good cuisine that you can't beat for the price you pay.  I highly recommend it.  I have yet to hear anything negative said about the one in Mesa and this one just managed to raise the bar.  Please go and check it out.  That is all.  Thank you.
1	The positive reviews are way off the mark.My guess is though, that like most patrons of this place, they've never experienced Vietnamese food before, or at least quality Vietnamese food. If you've lived in a city with a sizable Vietnamese population, like say, San Francisco, LA, Washington, DC, Seattle, Etc, you would know this place is absolutely the bottom rung for Vietnamese food. The atmosphere is nice and I had extremely high hopes. One thing that struck me as odd, and probably a sign of things to come, was the almost complete lack of any Vietnamese people there!! Servers or diners alike! I got the feeling most people eating here don't know the difference between bun bo hue and bo luc lac. Nothing wrong with that... you just have no idea what you're missing. Besides that, the service was awful. This is a HUGE disappointment. Now Vietnamese restaurants aren't known for their service but this place was amazingly bad. Our server never once asked us if we wanted refills, and it took nearly a half an hour to get our Pho. For those not in the know, Pho is extremely easy to make once you have the broth. It should only take 10 minutes or so to have this ready, TOPS. If you think I'm off my rocker do yourself a favor and visit one of these:Khai Hoan (the best), Da Vang (really good), and Cyclo (kind of over rated, but this place puts Dragonfly to shame ).
5	After spending a combined seven years as a graduate student at ASU, imagine my dissapointment when I came to discover that there was finally decent Asian food walking distance from campus... two months after my departure for internship in San Diego. Dragonfly combines what I like about Vietnamese food (variety, flavor, price) with what I like about a modern, trendy restaurant (good decor, modern music, attentive servers). Though everything on the menu is above average, one item really stands out; cha gio cream cheese. I believe at this location it's called tiger rolls. Completely inauthentic, and I couldn't care less. DAMN they're good. When I drive in from San Diego, I often head there on my first night in town, occasionally as soon as I hit the Phoenix area, before stopping off to drop off my bags. Honestly one of the best things I've tasted anywhere. Highly highly recommend.
1	I preface this by stating I am half Vietnamese and almost every weekend I have Pho at my father's home. Nothing beats a homemade bowl of this beautiful broth, and I must admit that because I am spoiled with authenticity I tend to be a harsher critic.At the same time, however, I do give most Vietnamese restaurants some slack. If you want good Pho, do not go to Dragonfly in Tempe. Please, please, please. Their bowl of Pho is incredibly small and they skimp majorly on the aromatics. Talk about a Pho foul. And what's with the shredded roast-like meat? Oh no, it's supposed to be circle wafers of rare beef. Instead, visit the Dragonfly in Mesa. That place rocks, and they have other authentic soups that the Tempe location does not have. Like the great soup, "mi"--that's egg-noodle-wonton heaven. The egg rolls are not good at either location, by the way. If you know the difference between Vietnamese "egg rolls" or chai gois, and the fat, cabbage filled Chinese egg roll, then you can imagine how disappointed I was when they brought me some egg roll hybrid with a gross sweet and sour sauce. I'm glad to see a Vietnamese place on campus, regardless. And if others love it, more power to them and I hope it keeps good little ethnic places like Dragonfly open. Just know that there is way better out there!
4	Pho-licious...Yes it is true I've finally had Pho, and oh how good it was. Now perhaps it's my first time, and my proverbial Pho cherry has been popped, so I may be skewed in my opinion.  You always remember your first, so I have to give Dragonfly 4 stars for food. The place is clean, has good service, but I just wish it was a bit more quaint, and less like a cafeteria setting. I think dimming the lights, adding some ambiance and music would help a bit.  Overall I had a great experience. They have a nice happy hour menu, liberally discounted appetizers, cheap drinks, including exported beers, except the Vietnamese "33" beer.  Of course being a purveyor  of good taste I order this and was told "sorry this beer is not on the happy hour menu" So I quickly moved West  and order a nice Chinese beer.  It was crisp, light, and refreshing. My date and I ordered a nice Vietnamese crepe stuffed with pork and shrimp for an appetizer, this was also not on the happy hour menu, but it was delectably  worth the extra cost.  Again, we both have excellent taste!  Then came our Pho, we both ordered the brisket, and were pleased by all the accompaniments that were brought out;  sauces, bean sprouts, limes, jalepenos, and a nice sprig of basil. This was the perfect meal for a cooler night. The broth was tasty, and the noodles firm yet cooked to perfection and the beef was tender and seasoned well .  As we ate energetically, we discussed all things considered, enigmatically pondering Asian culture and eating habits with chop sticks. We opened the table to topics ranging from the movie we just saw, our days events, to other random Pho-enix happenings. The Dragonfly seemed to have a great menu, with very low prices. I hope people check this place out, it may be a new favorite hang out for me. If they can just dim the lights a bit......Pho-real.
4	Ah, the Pho cup... full of steamy broth, basil, onion, chives, noodles, slow-cooked brisket and bean sprouts. Ah, how I love you. You give me warm feelings in my belly and you make me want to snuggle up for a nap. You are comfort food - so good!But, give the Saigon Crepe some credit, too. What a way to kick start the meal. Yep, talk about an appetizer to surprise you with how good it tastes, especially dipped in the mildly spicy chili/vinegar sauce. Loved it! The standard Chinese beer (on happy hour price) hit the spot, too. My belly was so full, it wanted to burst.
1	Hey Dragonfly - FUCK YOU!We were starving and driving down Mill on a Saturday afternoon when this place caught our eye for the 9th time... we decided to give it a go. We had tried to eat there once before, but it was at night and it appeared to be some sort of techno dance club with a DJ instead of a restaurant. On this day though, they were open and actually quite empty. I love Vietnamese food, but my favorite place is in the ghetto and really far and I can't talk many people into going with me. There's a place near my house, but it sucks.We walked into Dragonfly, stood at the hostess stand and skimmed the menu and quickly decided we were ready to sit down. There were two other tables of customers there and dozens of empty tables yet he sat us next to the shitter. DON'T FUCKING SEAT ME NEXT TO THE TOILET YOU DICK! I didn't say anything, but god that really bothers me.Anyway - we were seated and then left alone... We read through the menu... three times. The prices were pretty high for Vietnamese food I thought, but I don't care as long as the food warrants it. The decor really wasn't winning me over... at least the bathroom door wasn't. The food on the menu seemed to be very accessible and non-traditional based on the descriptions. It was like American food with a Vietnamese presentation... I don't necessarily have anything against that as long as it's good.So we continued to re-read the menus over and over again - discussing what we would eat if we could, but then we realized we had been seated there for a long time and nobody had even taken our drink order or given us waters. I mean, we didn't just walk in and seat ourselves - someone was working there - I swear it. If we had seated ourselves, I can guaranfuckingtee you we wouldn't have sat next to the can.We continued to wait for about a half an hour with no drink, food, or sign of an employee - so we bailed and went to Big Fat Greek where they at least treat you like you exist. I really wanted to eat at Dragonfly - honest - I really and truly did... they just wouldn't let me.
2	I had high hopes for this place.  Since the restaurant is located on busy Mill Avenue at a corner spot I assumed it had to be fantastic.  When you walk in the decor is of course asian themed and contemporary.  This joint tries to make Vietnamese food edible to novice palates.  Unfortunately, they fall short.  This is unfortunately as good as it gets.My fiance and I took a seat on the outdoor patio to enjoy the great weather.  There were so many items on the menu and their website that looked and sounded appealing I didn't know what to try first.  This is what we had:Salt and Pepper Calamari - the breading was nice and light.  However the calamari was so so chewy.  It was seriously like chewing on an erasar.  I really didn't pick up any salt or pepper flavor either.  The dipping sauce was tasty tho.Dragonfly Signature Spring Bowl with Charbroiled Chicken - My dish arrived with noodles, crispy egg roll and chicken.  It looked nothing like the pictures I saw.  Then a few minutes later our server came with the rest of the greens and vinaigrette.  After dressing up my dish, I expected to taste that authentic "fish" sauce.  Dragonfly however, waters down their vinaigrette so the fish sauce is barely noticeable.  It's the tang and sourness of the sauce that brings tons of flavor to the dish and this dish was seriously lacking it.  I tasted the egg roll by itself and it tasted like it was old.  Blah!  It wasn't even wrapped nice and tight but instead was fried with one edge falling off.  I dunked it in the calamari sauce to hide the taste.During my dining experience on the patio, I had to swat off several bugs that were attacking my food.  A few I killed on my empty plates which was rather disgusting.  My bad for choosing to eat outdoors.I think Dragonfly has a lot of potential to be a great place.  They have a great location and decor.  Just need to work on taste and seasoning and I'm sure they'd be a hit.
2	This place blows.  Staff doesn't have a clue about customer service, (except a cute waitress but she was working on the patio).  Food was blah.  Spring rolls with out Thai basil, seriously? Pho was alright, but the sides of sprouts and basil were almost spoiled.Horrible, no. Below average, yes.
1	Ugh. We absolutely hated our experience here. When we first arrived, the host (who was standing outside at a stand) called us "sir" and "madam," which I thought was a little peculiar but not in and of itself annoying. Little did I know that ~32 minutes later, we'd look back and think of his misplaced etiquette as the only positive thing about our dining experience at Dragonfly. The service was totally unimpressive, especially given that the restaurant wasn't at all crowded, and the $4 happy-hour-special Long Islands were more sour mix than alcohol, but what really turned us off was the overly sweet, sugary, and poorly-thought-out food. We started with the "Mill Avenue" appetizer sampler. The only real standout was the cream-cheese filled puffs (ironically, the least authentic item) - the other items, including the sauce, were just off. The spare ribs were dry, the paper wrapped around the spring rolls was tough (telltale sign that they hadn't been freshly made), and the sauces were watery and had no zest at all. We eagerly looked forward to our entrees but when they came and we tried them, we found ourselves wishing for the flavorless and subpar - but not disgusting - appetizers. My husband had the mango beef - I used to work at a Vietnamese fusion restaurant where this was featured on the menu, and there, it consisted of thinly sliced beef with tender pieces of mango and a oyster sauce. Here, it was fatty chunks of beef with underripe mango in a sickeningly sweet, sticky sauce mixed up with a bunch of unrelated "sauteed" veggies. My yellow curry chicken and shrimp tasted less like a complex curry and more like a meat and veggie mixture (think bad Chinese) tossed in a paper bag with a whole jar of curry powder. When the waiter came to clear our almost-full plates, he asked if everything was ok. Our philosophy is usually to say something in response to that question only if something is fixable (e.g., a meat can be redone to be less well-done). In this case, the whole restaurant concept seems to be centered on serving flavorless and poor-quality large portions to a university crowd they seem to think is un-discerning. With so much wrong, a complete overhaul would be necessary. And, so...we said "We're just full. Thanks!" and got the hell out of there!
5	Love their shrimp rice paper rolls dipped in a delicious peanut sauce with a hint of chili sauce.  Also enjoy their veggie pho.
1	Meh. The only thing worse than the food here was the service..  Evertime I went for lunch it was dead (no shock). Even with no one in the place the servers were absent.. And now... Yep they're closed. (Big shock).
