3	This location lacks the traditional cafe feel, and service isn't stellar. But the drinks are as good and as quickly prepared as you'd normally expect, and the bright-lights indoor atmosphere renders this Starbucks useful as a Green Street rest stop for brief socializing and relaxing. If you're looking to get work done, however, this is not an ideal place.
4	As far as Starbucks go, this one is pretty nice.  It's on campus, so of course it's full of students most of the time, but all the times I've been there I've been able to get a table.Things I like about this Starbucks:-The staff are friendly-They actually remember to give me a discount for bringing my own cup (this is the first Starbucks I've been to where the staff remember EVERY SINGLE TIME--thank you!!)-The location is convenient-The drinks are consistent and goodSo, while I prefer Cafe Kopi for their espresso drinks and comfy cafe atmosphere, I'm definitely willing to "settle" for Starbucks when I need a caffeine boost between classes.
5	For a large university, this is a pretty good Starbucks.  The staff are friendly and will recognize you if you come in multiple times.  It generally fills up, but is a nice place to come and study on weekend mornings.  The drinks are consistent, which is why I go to Starbucks over Espresso Royale.
3	Good strong coffee, friendly service, but overpriced. It was $2 something to get a refill here, whereas a refill is $1 something in expresso royale.
3	They make drinks fast and correctly for how busy it is. I just don't really like the environment. It is really loud and always packed. There are people scattered all around waiting for drinks.
4	I was quite pleased with this Starbucks location.The worker was rather friendly: giving us insight into their new drink options, making recommendations, explaining some of their products, et cetera.Also great about this Starbucks was the fact that it had tons of seating! Loved how super spacious it was with plenty of tables. The atmosphere overall was super inviting, giving off good vibes that made you want to stay even if you weren't planning on it.This Starbucks is doing Champaign proud.
5	This Starbucks is great!!!  The patio is outstanding.  Erin
3	The slowest service ever. Plan ahead. Also, I think my drink order was messed up every time I've ordered from here. It's still a Starbucks, and still great, but just be aware of some of the processing issues. Come wearing your patient hat. There are many students using this location, so it's not your typical Starbucks with open tables and a little bit of space to spread out. Enjoy!
4	Have been a few times and have never had any problems with orders. They move the line of customers pretty quickly. Staff is friendly. There is a decent amount of seating, but it usually gets quite full with students. Sometimes even during the holiday breaks.
5	The baristas are really friendly and work really quick considering how many students there are in line, no matter what time it is.
3	This one is filled with students just sitting there all afternoon on their laptop.Don't really have an opinion on the drinks because it taste the same as every other starbucks
2	Starbucks is just disgusting coffee in general wherever you go. One time I ordered an iced mocha and it ended up being some watered down coffee with a bunch of chocolate syrup floating at the bottom. Idk about you but that's disgusting. They always put way too much ice in the coffee too even after I ask them not to as well. Overall do yourself the favor and just stay away from Starbucks coffee. Local places are usually a lot better.
3	Slowest Starbucks we've ever been to... Ever.5 people working behind the counter... 1 making coffee, 1 working register... The rest not helping while 10 of us wait... And wait... And wait...Thankfully coffee was good.
3	Their pace of making drinks is the slowest of all the Starbucks I've ever been to. Plus, the new barista (the one with ginger hair and glasses) seems like either he has a stick up his *ss, hates his job and/or life. I asked him for a refill and he didn't say a word and just gave me attitude and shoved the drink at me. This my discomfort with him happened on multiple visits.
