5	Very friendly/helpful staff.  They really made what's usually a bedrudging visit (going to the eye Dr) fairly pleasant.
5	I got there at 8am, they had me in the back by 810am, and by 830 am I was done.  Had a diabetes exam so they had to dialate my eyes, which makes them very sensitive to light.  They gave me some dark lenses to put behind my glasses also.  The lady that dialated me was great too.  Friendly,  nice, and I would go back in a heartbeat.....thanks Southwestern Eye Center.
4	I come here all the time. The Doctors are great an so are the back end medical assistants but the young lady's the do the scheduling an referrals are so rude the argue with you on the phone when I hung up an called back to ask to speak  to management they would hand the phone off to the same girl that was arguing with me an never transferred me think these lady's need a couple hours of customer service training !!!
1	Upon walking into the office I was a bit perplexed. I thought I was entering a free clinic. I'm still not sure. My appointment was for 1pm. I wasn't seen until 1:50pm. Had I been that late they would have cancelled my appointment. Nonetheless I saw Bryan Monson, at least I think it was Bryan Monson, perhaps it was (Silver Surfer: Can enter Hyperspace. tied Nova He can enter Hyperspace as well. tied Green Lantern)the whole appointment lasted 1 minute 35 seconds. He referred me to  Dr. Garcia in the office for surgery. Explained it for about 15 seconds to my daughter. I guess I'm too old to understand and was out like a shot. Yeah, errr won't be going back. No thanks for the Botox.
4	This the second time in about 6 weeks that I've been here. I've not been a patient, however. That designation belongs to my 70 year-old mother. She's come here twice now for cataract surgery. I've been impressed. From check-in to leave I'd say we were here for maybe 45 min-1 hour total. And it seems it depends on what time of day you have your appointment. You might actually be done faster than that. The front office staff has been pleasant to deal with. I asked my mom how she found the back office personnel and she complimented them thoroughly. Her doctor is Michael Campion who has received very good reviews on other sites like Healthgrades. The waiting area, while packed both times, is very pleasant and not overly brash. The location is conveniently located off the 60 and Stapely. I'd say if you are looking to have any particular eye condition examined and/or corrected, you should consider Southwestern Eye Center.
3	I like Dr. Garcia and her assistant, I am not at all impressed with the billing office staff that work out of corporate! I've been trying to pay my bill for 3 months now (yes, pay it!) and cannot get anyone to call me back!!! Highly disorganized team....again, no concerns or issues with my doctor, she is great - its the administrative team that simply do not have it together!
4	I saw Dr. Owens. She's great. Very nice, knows her stuff, and I left there knowing exactly what I need to do for my eyes. So I do not have any complaints about the physician I saw.I have edited this review. The first time I wrote about SW Eye, it was after receiving a bill saying I was late for payments even though I was not. I was not able to get a hold of anyone to pay the bill. I was frustrated with their service, however I have since found out why this was happening and things have been sorted. Something went wrong with their system and bills were sent out with late notices incorrectly. I was called by someone and we got things squared away. I can't be angry at a place for a system error. Brenda was very nice and helpful.
5	I have gone to this location a number of times and Scottsdale once. Each visit was was tops from every aspect.  All staff and every doctor in my personal experience could not have been more cordial, shown more respect or been more professional. I have spoken to friends who are also patients and also speak glowingly. They accepted my insurance from employer but not employer's retirement insurance plan. Basically only one group does. S.W. is wise not to accept payments which are a joke. When I went to them to get my records to give to a replacement doctor they could not have been kinder. At no costthey both faxed and gave me a copy. If finances had permitted I would never consider anyone else.
5	Southwestern Eye Center is a great business committed to giving back! As a Sponsor Business for The Giver Magazine they are providing Packages From Home with 200 free issues of The Giver Magazine to sell as a fundraiser to help deliver more packages to deployed troops. We appreciate Southwestern Eye Center both for the top notch service and earnest commitment to giving back!
