5	Great pedicure today
5	Sheera is amazing!  I look forward to my appointments each time.  She's more than a nail tech - she's an artist!  She keeps everything immaculate and is very fussy about her work.   No more strip mall nail salons for me!  I'm "Addicted"
5	Sheera's awesome. Clean, sanitary and very creative. I'm convinced there's no idea she cannot think of!! So much fun; great sense of humor. You'll have a blast and best of all you'll have nails that you will love!
5	Addicted to nails is the best nail salon I've ever been to.  Things i love about this salon: * Sheera is incredibly talented.  I never left the salon with lumpy bumpy nails and she made sure I was 100% happy with the end result. * She uses excellent quality products.  No more products out of unlabeled plastic containers for me!  I never had a single lift or break during the entire time I went to this salon.  Sometimes I went 3-4 weeks before going back for a fill and my nails still looked fabulous.* She's hilarious so your appointments will always fly by.  Never a dull moment with Sheera!* There is so much glitter and color to choose from.  The most difficult thing about my appointments was having to pick what I wanted.  Luckily, Sheera is freakin amazing at reading minds and will come up amazing nails for you ever single time.* The salon is always clean and never smells of chemical.* Sheera will be the one to do your nails every single time.  I prefer the personal attention I get from going to this salon instead of the usual chop shop.  Here, you wont be rushed out of the chair just because someone decided they want to get their nails done on a whim.  Yes, you'll actually need to book an appointment.The only bad thing about this salon is that once you experience this level of awesomeness, no other nail tech will ever be good enough if you move out of state.  Like me.  Give her a call, I promise you won't be disappointed.
5	I looooove Sheera! I have been going to her for years and she is so precise and creative. She always designs exactly what I am looking for and I get compliments on my nails every time! Wouldn't go anywhere else except to her. She is professional, clean, and has a million colors, shades, and glitters to choose from. If you can dream if, she can create it! I am definitely addicted to Addicted to Nails!
5	Sheera is the best! She is a nail guru, knows all of the latest trends etc. and is well connected in the nail community.  She pays close attention to detail, and I love how she shapes my nails. I used to wear boring colors, and Sheera has gotten me to try some funky things..She is also a joy to talk to!,
5	I have been a client at Addicted to Nails for years. Love Sheera and her creativity. I will be a client for life.
