5	As someone who has had my eyebrows done by three different people I feel qualified to say that Colleen is everything one could ever want in a permanent makeup artist.Colleen is an actual artist (like for real for real artist - if you're lucky she will show you some of her work. Amazing!), and isn't that what all of us are looking for?  Her eye for symmetry is unparalleled.  My eyes are not symmetrical and the two ladies I had do my eyebrows previously did them exactly the way I did them so I looked perplexed. All. The. Time.  Just when I had given up hope, I found Colleen's website. I left a message and she promptly returned my call.  She answered every single question I had and we made an appointment for the following weekend.Colleen's studio is warm and inviting, just like she is.  She listened to my concerns regarding symmetry and color (my previous brows had faded to a nice shade of orange), and then penciled them on in such a way that they looked better than they ever had before.  Colleen asked how I felt about the shape being a little different and made sure I was happy before proceeding.  While working, Colleen made me feel totally at ease and she was very in tune with my comfort level the whole time.  She corrected my brows at no additional cost and they are perfectly symmetrical.  The color actually matches my hair (imagine that!?) and I get complimented on them quite often.  I've had her touch them up once in almost two years and that was only because the skin products I started using made my eyebrows fade.  I recommend her to any and everyone who asks and, quite frankly, to some who don't.  There is no reason for anyone to have bad eyebrows as long as Colleen is in business.  Granted, she is not the cheapest out there but for the quality of work she does I feel she could charge a lot more and it would still be a good value (but don't, okay Colleen?).  Usually you get what you pay for, but in this instance I feel I've gotten a whole lot more than my money's worth.
