5	As a girl it's really hard to trust just any automotive place because some mechanics just find ways to keep adding on to the tab. In this case it's a different story. Mike has helped me several times with my old klonker and has never failed to exceed my expectations. He has competitive prices and takes the time to actually show and go over whatever is wrong with my car. I definatly would recommend this shop to anyone out there. Service is excellent and timely.
5	I'm an automotive enthusiast who takes pride in his car. My Infiniti G35 needed some brake work and after doing some research, I decided to take my car to Paladin Advanced Automotive to have them do the work. My first impression of Paladin was definitely positive; their were FOUR Nissan GT-R's in their shop. The customer service is excellent as they gave me an exact run-down of their services and pricing. My appointment was made for the next day and after dropping my car off, I was given a ride to work by the staff.After the work was completed, my car was given back to me freshly washed and the old parts were shown to me. Paladin Automotive did a great job and the price was right! If you are looking for a shop that does everything from basic scheduled maintenance to complete engine builds, Paladin is your spot!
1	What should've been $750 worth of work turned into $900. The manager was giving me estimates and asking me to authorize over the phone, which is okay as long as you live up to your word or at least come close. This is the first time I've really complained about an auto mechanic. Was quoted $115 for a dirt cheap tire. When I got there, I asked why the bill was so high. He said "Well... Well... Wwwwell, you did ask for Mobil 1 oil." I said "I know. You said $30 extra." The girl behind the counter said "It's waaay more than $30 extra." Anyway, they were both wrong. The oil wasn't an issue. They charged me $160 for a crap tire. Was supposed to be a Falken. Receipt said Riken. The tire was actualy a Barum. Claiming it was $40 to mount and balance one tire! They also cut corners on the engine work estimate and overcharged me by $66. And the day after leaving, what do you know, my service engine light came on. Nowadays, to stay in business, you have to keep your prices competitive with others, and most of all, you have to be honest! Wouldn't recommend to anyone.
5	This is a great garage.  The guys running it are very experienced and very fair.  Prices are not the cheapest, but not nearly the most expensive either with great work.This garage does focus a little more on upgrades and performance upgrades, I've only had maintenance and break fix work done but it was good and I felt better than the dealer work on my transam at a lower cost.They seem to be familiar with most car types if there is a car type that they think someone else would do a better job or is simply more equipped.  I have a second car, a 79 lotus with a GNX motor, and that car they are great with the engine but referred me to a good place for the internal hardware.The location is good, I wish closer for me, but prime location in Chinatown, Spring Mountain and Valley View.
2	I came in knowing I would have to either replace my transmission or get it rebuilt. When they did their free inspection, they said that they will need to do a more thorough inspection and charged about 280 (not exact but close to that amount). We didn't know the area so we decided to do the inspection to see what it could be. They later on tell us that it was just a simple solenoid. Which wouldn't cost as much as a replacement of a transmission or a rebuilt. When they lifted up the car and took the transmission apart, they told us that an motor mount was broken and we should get it fixed. (That meant more money) We got the motor mount fixed. After all that was done, the car was still having the same problem and nothing was really fixed. We ended up being out almost 400 and with still the same problem we came in there with. They said that there is nothing else but to just either get it rebuilt or get a brand new transmission. Getting a rebuilt they would've charged me 2200. I just decided that was just way too much.I went to another place which was a lot cheaper than Paladin. And when I got my car fixed, the mechanic said that one of my solenoid was broken. (That would only mean that when Paladin was fixing my car, they broke my solenoid when they had it cleaned and put back into my car) That cost me more money to fix. =[ I have to admit though, the staff was very friendly and courteous. We didn't put up a fit and just paid them because they did spend the time trying to fix my car. They did try to save me money in hopes it was just a simple solenoid, but in the end . . .it cost me more than save.
5	Great place. Good deals. Nothing in life is dirt cheap but they're damn close. Don't hesitate to come to this place.
5	My Toyota pickup broke down on the way to Las Vegas - the clutch was completely gone with 25 more miles to go to get to the city.   While waiting for the tow truck, we called repair shops and searched for one near our hotel.  Several people answered, few worked on Saturday, Paladin was the first to be polite, open until 6 not just 5, and was clearly run by people who understood my plight.  They called me back and said they might still be here when we finally got towed and gave me directions on where to leave the car safely at their lot.My car needed a lot of work.  They got it done in a day and gave me updates on the status and diagnosis of issues throughout the day.  They also showed me what was done to the car and why when I got there.  The price was more than fair, the work was exceptional and the car runs great.  Topping it off, they are a family run business.  Why go anywhere else?  I would recommend this shop to anyone and am very grateful to them for their help.
5	Honestly the best service in las vegas. The cheapest oil change. I called 3 shops and this place beat everyone's prices and had no hidden fees. Honest and good business people. They even gave us bottled waters and coffee.  Come here before u go anywhere else and get ripped off.
5	Great customer service with great prices. If u got a Nissan or a Infiniti. This is the best shop to come for service or a simple oil change.
5	I've been a customer for over 4 years and about 3 years under the old ownership.  At first I wasn't sure I wanted to continue to take my car here.  I had an issue with my suspension and was hearing a squeaking sound in the back of my car.  I knew it had to do something with my struts.  I figured that these guys took car of my other car previously, why not have work on my daily driver.  Sure enough, they were not only able to beat the price of where I used to take my car, but they also got the parts for a cheaper rate and was able to get my car done within a matter of hours.  I was really pleased with their service and will be taking my car here for years to come!
