2	Yesterday I was downtown & hungry, so I dropped in here, my first dining experience at a Scholtzsky's, & I ordered a medium Pastrami & Swiss on rye.  The bread looked like a big round chocolate cookie, but had a rather normal taste, not even particularly "rye",  The pastrami was lean, tender, & didn't have any gristle, but it was smallish, & the sandwich alone was over $7 with the tax.  I'm a soup lover, & they had some soup there, but it was around $3.50 for a small bowl, so I passed.  The restaurant itself was comfortable & appropriate... built up to take you back to the 1950s.In my view, with these reviews, it's all about comparison.  I don't usually review non-buffet restaurants, but there was such a contrast between Schlotzsky's yesterday & the place where I ate today, I just had to write!I was over at Wal*Mart in Laveen for a few things.  You could smell the fresh bread baking at the Subway right there inside & it made me hungry, so I dropped in & I ordered a sandwich there comparable to the one I ate yesterday at Schlotzsky's, plus a bowl of Cream of Broccoli soup.  My 6" sub, plus the fairly good-sized bowl of soup cost about half as much as the competitive sandwich alone at Schlotzsky's!  BOTH were $4.33 TOTAL!  (I'm not mistaken;  I have the receipt right in front of me as I'm typing!)  Not only that, the Subway sandwich beat Schlotzsky's hands down even without the soup!  It had much more on it, & was really good.  Then, there was ALSO the Cream of Broccoli soup, nice & hot, & delicious!Bottom line:  Subway amounts to the same kind of restaurant, but is genuinely better than Schlotzski's, where nothing about it is bad, just not as good...  2-Stars not as good!10/18/09 Update - Today I tried Scott's Generations.  Now THAT'S a Deli Restaurant!  * * * * *
4	Well I must say this was the first time I had ever eaten at Schlotzsky's Deli although I have heard of it before.  I loved it.  There was wonderful taste to the food.  I ordered a pastrami on rye and I haven't had that well tasting of a sandwich in years.  I'm not one for sandwich's in general.  I have eaten at other fast food sandwich shops and find this by far better then any other place.  The price is a little more then most of the fast food sandwich shops but well worth it.  Flavor and quality of food alone.  This is not processed meat . I ate at this Schlotzsky and the one in Scottsdale where I had a wonderful salad filled with meat and cheese.  I highly recommend.
1	Very rude service. Poor choices of sides (e.g. no french fries)
3	Not sure how much longer they will be doing these Route 66 sandwiches, but if you go here anytime soon I highly recommend the Sedona Chick. So yummy!
4	Not sure why this location has received so many bad reviews! I used to work directly across the street from this location and would go here for lunch AT LEAST 2 times a week. I still make it down there occasionally since i no longer work in phoenix. The owner and his wife are always so sweet and chatty, they remind me so much of my grandparents. I compare all schlotzky's to this one, and most fail in comparison.  My favorite sandwich to this day is the Albuquerque Turkey with lots of their hot sauce... now my mouth is watering... As far as "poor choice of sides" go, good luck finding a franchise sandwich shop that serves fries! I prefer chips with my sandwich anyways... anyhoo.. if you are in the area around lunch time be prepared for a line, but it goes quick! :)
4	I like big bunz.  I like big bunz and I cannot lie. . .Welcome to Schlotzsky's, the home of sandwich harassment.  The cups here say, "You can bite my sandwich, but don't pinch my bunz".  The men's room has the sign "MANLY BUNZ" while the women's says in script, "shapely bunz".  This is a very hostile environment for sandwiches overall, with a large quantity being harassed if not eaten.Okay, jokes over, but Schlotzkly's started it.  If you're in the mood for a tasty sammich, Schlotzsky's will give one to you in spades.  They are nice and thick--more expensive than Subway, but they taste better.  Two filling sandwiches and drinks cost about $17.My wife told me that the owner can sometimes be a bit moody here, and this has been seen and reported on by other Yelp reviewers (hence the poor review rating overall).  I didn't have this experience, but it's something to keep in mind.  I'll keep coming back for sandwiches until this guy burns my bunz.
1	The owner of this location is a real jerk.  I stood in line for 15 minutes and then when I finally got service at the counter- the old man finally told me that his credit card machines were down.  He then proceeded to get upset with ME because I didn't have cash on hand.  His exact words were "You don't have any cash on you?!?!"  Ummmm, nooo, it's 2012 - I figured Schlotzsky's was modern enough to accept credit/debit.  I have no problem with technical difficulties and machines being down, but you should let your customers know instead of having them waste their lunch hour in line and then snapping at them for not carrying cash.I also asked him how I could go about getting a large drink with my combo meal and his response was " Pay for it."  Hilarious.
1	I'm a big fan of Schlotzkys, so you can imagine my disappointment when I was confronted by a rude old man at the register about my signature being worn off the back of my debit card."Eh, it's time to get a new card huh? Technically I shouldn't take this."As if I should feel grateful that he uses the same card that everyone else does to take money from MY account for MY lunch. It just went downhill from there. When I explained that I hadn't signed it, but written "See ID" on it, he almost refused to take it. He was short tempered, rude and snobbish. And it was the same sort of attitude and snide commentary the first time I went here.I won't be going back. I don't need to be insulted and treated like an inconvenience with my lunch. Shame too, it's the only one within two miles of my home.
1	I will never go in this restaurant again. I have been there several times, with each visit the manager being more rude and insulting than the last time. My friends could not believe the things I told them he said to me during my last (definitely last) visit.You can get better New York food elsewhere without the New York attitude.Complaints to the headquarters go unanswered. So I assume Schlotzsky's does not care about customers.
5	I have only eaten here physically at the location once. BUT I order catering for my office about once a week from this location. The couple that own the business are hard working nice folks, they always take my order via phone and are nice and responsive.They are almost always a little (to a lot) early to deliver my sandwiches, but always include forks, places, lots of napkins, pickles and sauce. The coworkers that eat the sandwiches are always pleased with the product and I don't have anything but good things to say.
3	I am a huge fan of Schlotzsky's sandwiches but the price and caloric intake are a bit much to take in on a frequent basis. I have been to this location several times because it is close to my job but have experienced mixed emotions with the staff. Some are extremely friendly (like the lady who calls out your sandwich order) and some are a little rude. The older man who works there, which I am now assuming is the owner based on other reviews, is a little harsh and likes to make jokes at your expense. Yesterday, I ordered a cookie to go with my meal and told me to get 3 because it's a better deal. I caved because I do love cookies and a good deal and he joked I would have to eat them all before I could leave. I laughed and said "no problem"! So, he was nicer to me yesterday but has been rude on other days. Meh, no biggie. All in all, this place is not bad to go and the food is tasty.
1	Unless you are Black and like to be talked down to, don't eat here! I came in at 5:40 PM, closing time is 6:00. When I told the cashier (Peter) that I wanted to sit and eat, he said they close "in 10 minutes" and I could only get my order to go. I passed on the potato chips and drink, so he lost $2.50. I paid with a credit card, so I obviously had money. When I asked to speak to the manager, the preparer Hedi (sp) said it was Peter. I told Peter that I felt I was disrespected because he wouldn't let me eat there. Peter said he had problems with people staying "at least 45 minutes" after closing and thinks that "other Black people think that he (Peter) talks rude to them." When I told him I would make a complaint, Peter said "go ahead." I will call the corporate office and tell them that Peter profiled me. I must wonder if I were a White male could I have eaten my sandwich there.
2	Haven't eaten at a Schlotsky's in years.... and now I remember why.  This location is really close to my work and would be so convenient to eat lunch at, but I just don't like the food!I ordered a half sandwich/salad combo lunch meal.  The salad was actually decent, but the sandwich was bad.  VERY little meat and cheese and way too much shredded lettuce.On top of that, my meal was more than $9, which is pretty ridiculous considering what you get.  Won't be back, and unfortunately still looking for a convenient and tasty lunch spot.
1	I have been coming to this Schlotzsky's for 6 years. The old man is the rudest a**hole you will EVER meet! Half the time he helps me and when he does he talks to me like I am a 5 year old and is EXTREMELY condescending. Even while taking my money he was being sarcastic and rude. When confronting him about the way he spoke with me and how he does it EVERY time I come in, he told me I must only come one or twice a year. In reality, I patronize this company 10-12 times a year, even knowing I am going to be treated like I am wasting his time. The wife is BEYOND amazing! How she puts up with him...I have NO IDEA! I can guarantee I will NEVER spend my money here again. The food is great but absolutely NOT worth putting up with someone treating me so nasty.
5	Am sooo sad to report that this location is closed.  It was run by an older couple who were very nice to me, a regular customer.I understand the complaints about the husband running the register.  He's a little rough around the edges, but I never really had a problem.  The wife who mostly worked the kitchen was so friendly.  She always greeted me with a great big smile.  She always remembered to prepare a cup of Dijon horseradish for me even before I could ask.I would always order the same thing.  Medium original sandwich on sourdough, extra hot (toasted well), with a side of Dijon horseradish sauce.  For anyone who has a complaint about schlotzkys food quality, I implore you to actually taste this sandwich.  This is the sandwich so famously based on the famous moofooletta of Louisiana.  There uses to be only one sandwich when I was little.   Its fair that other people complain that they didn't like the food, but seriously you all ordered the stuff invented for people too fussy to order the good stuff. "I font like olives",  bleah!  Schlotsky's is partly to blame for offering bad choices, instead of promoting their original sandwich.   My only complaint ever is that it is very expensive.  I am guessing the franchise fees are to blame.  This was my spendy treat for myself once a week.I'm going to miss that place and that older lady.  Hope you both are well.
