4	A nice wee surprise on my travels. I grabbed a table and tucked into the Lamb Rogan Josh that the friendly waiter brought over to me. Rice was good, meat was tender and the sauce was spicy, but extremely creamy. The service was a little slow. I realise it was a friday night when I visited, but it looked like everyone else was in the same boat. Great food, just need to work on getting it out quicker.
4	I live almost opposite Shezan Tandoori, and I have to complain about all these restaurants in the area! It's seriously hurting my bank account and making the previously enjoyable task of cooking seem rather tedious. Shezan, which serves Indiad food, is definitely in Italian restaurant territory, with Ferri's, the Sicilian restaurant and Guiliano's surrounding it... However, it's probably what makes it (as well as Phuket Pavilion right next to it) a little refreshing, so a friend and I decided to get take out one night. We weren't that adventurous, opting for simple naan bread and Chicken Bhunaa, which hasn't disappointed me anywhere I've gotten it! I didn't have much to complain about, and I'm keen to have an actual dining-in experience there. The number of diners seems to have picked up recently, probably because we're in the tourist period, but this makes it look much less dodgy than I previously thought it was!
5	Amazing Indian food in Edinburgh!!  Their Naan is especially amzing.  Their sweet nan was so good.. must get!!
4	Having only been to this restaurant once before years and years ago I think it was well worth another visit.With Khushis having opened up just down the road, they have revamped the interior, which I think definitely encouraged us to go and give it a try. I wasn't sure what to expect but I really was surprised and will most definitely be back.We had the poppadoms as an appetiser  - which came with a really good selection of different sauces - not just the usual mango chutney.I had the mixed kebab starter which was really good - especially the spicy mini lamb chops. I wasn't so sure on the shish kebab but my dad loved it! The chicken tikka bites were delicious.I had a special chicken bhuna with steamed rice - which was a nice change to the usual basmati. The portions were good sizes and for once I didn't feel too full after the main which was ideal.Their selection of Movenpick ice creams was great - try the mint choc chip one! They also had a selection of Indian desserts also.The bar list was not extensive but just what you needed and pretty reasonable.It was quiet, although it was a Monday night but a fair few folk came in around 10ish after the Playhouse opened it's doors. Shame some of the people sitting next to us were very ignorant, 'do you do prawns? My friend doesn't like rice!' oh dear.I would definitely recommend, just a shame the staff have to put up with some really awful people!
5	Excellent service & Excellent Food.Manager and staff very friendly and attentive to you needs. Would highly recommend
5	This is the best Indian food I have ever eaten! The staff is wonderfully polite and attentive. I went the first night I was in Edinburgh and went back 4 nights later and the waiter remembered what I had ordered. I don't eat dairy and he remembered what I had asked them to make special for me. I highly recommend them.
4	For those of you who have yet to experience it, let me just say that there is something so comforting about seeing a "People Love Us on Yelp" sticker in the window of a popular restaurant in another country when you've been wondering around without access to the app and are almost too tired and hungry to care where you actually eat.With that said, thank you Edinburgh Yelpers for this treasure.  After a full day of walking and touristing after a full week of pub grub, we were ready for something different.  I'd tried to find an Indian place recommended by the guide book from memory, and failed.  So we headed back towards our guest house, remembering several busy Indian places on Leith Walk.  Shezan drew us in with the bright and modern decor, self-described in the menu as "Bollywood."  We were seated immediately, and eagerly perused the menu trying to figure out which dishes were the cause of all the tantalizing smells from those around us.We decided on samosas, chicken tikka masala, chicken karahi, a side of saag, rice, and naan.  The samosas (3, with a selection of 3 sauces) were crispy on the outside with fluffy and flavorful fillings.  The mains were amazing, particularly the karahi.  The karahi had so much flavor but without filling heavy.  It was plenty spicy in a way that had just enough heat to wake you up, but not so much to cover the other flavors or make you reach for something to cool off your tongue.  The naan was huge - the size of my head.  Perhaps I'm just accustomed to other restaurants that cut it into peices rather than presenting it in on big piece, but I've never seen naan this large.  It was crispy on the bottom and fluffy on top, delicious.The food definitely deserves 5 stars.  The service, not so much.  It started off well, but even when we'd cleaned our plates (and yes, there were no morsels, not even of sauce left), and there was nothing left in our glasses, it took several minutes to get the attention of any staff to ask for the check.  It's probably us not being accustomed to the European way of lingering at a table all night, but still felt like we'd been forgotten.That aside, I'd still highly recommend it.
4	Shezan's browser logo is the first letter of their name which in their customized font and hue resembles a coiling mountain of excrement towering like Babel crowned with a thin streak which could be mistaken for the gaseous side-effect of such a discharge.       Now that's out of the way, Shezan is one amazing restaurant.  That's Shezan, not Shazan, which I originally thought, or Shazam, which I so desperately wanted.  We (including girlfriend) had tickets to the evening show of Gravity at the theater up the street (immediately dating this review).  Gravity is awesome, see it or buy it, 'nuf said...going off topic.  We both felt incredibly lucky to find Shezan--well, my girlfriend already knew about it; I just let myself by guided, which is...OK.  Shezan claims to be an Indian restaurant but it may be too trendy to be one.  It's a colossal bistro with intentionally mismatched white and black chairs divided among polished wooden tables spaced generously but seemingly chaotically about the floor.  Huge photos plastered on the walls offer the impression that I should be trying on a pair of designer Armani slacks.  There's actually glitter on the walls, that's how flashy this place is.  It didn't look cheap.  I didn't see a buffet anywhere; in fact, I couldn't see a single hallmark of Indo-Canadian cuisine.  The menu confirmed those suspicions, offering numerous items seldom seen in Western restaurants.  The biggest surprises were the prices.  They weren't expensive.  Even taking conversion into account, I'd say Shezan was downright reasonable.  They even offered a three course pre-theater menu for 17.50, or about $30 Canadian, and with that you get a lot of food.  I know I'm losing your interest.  I should be nitpicking or exasperating a minor quibble into a huge crisis.  I'll soon mention the food, which will convince most people in the area to try out Shezan if they haven't already.  I could carp on their portion sizes being perhaps a tad TOO generous, but what kind of criticism is that?  We opened our meal with a poppadom and pickle tray and followed that with butter chicken and chicken biryani, the latter a virtual unknown dish in Canada.  We also ordered a peshwari nan which is a naan bread made with coconut milk.  I thought I had good naan, but peshwari makes previous naan feel like that slightly depressing opening act before the Blue Man Group takes the stage.  (I'm sorry, that's the only band I've ever seen in person on stage.)  However, the portions were so large we were both unable to completely finish our plates, precluding the opportunity to take in a dessert, which we both badly wanted to try.  Not for any unique Indian dish mind you, but rather for a couple scoops of moevenpick ice cream.  It was winter and I didn't care; I wanted ice cream.  My girlfriend and I made guesses about what the other would order.  I would have tried the white chocolate and caramelita, though the pistachio and maple walnut looked pretty good to.  Unfortunately we didn't order any of them, an issue worthy of mention again.  I appreciate the desire to make us satisfied but it looks like more and more restaurants are perhaps making us TOO satisfied, preventing us from making it three courses instead of two.  I'm just saying I would have paid for ice cream if the meal portions were a tad smaller.  I know, I'm waiting to be tarred and feathered by a mob of overweight Americans who would then promptly try to devour me for looking like oversized chicken in a black polyester longcoat.  And I do acknowledge my reaction upon discovering the 12-inch poppadom, a stretch of starch eclipsed by the naan which followed.  I was overjoyed by such generosity.  The final bill came to a few pence over 30 pounds, making it cheaper for two people than an average under-posh meal in my home town.  A final word, once again I paid with a card and once again there was no tip option.  Since I had no cash on hand, I couldn't drop down a few bills for the exceptional service provided.  I felt like crap afterwards.  They totally deserved gratuity.  At least I could repay them this way, by recommending Shezan whole heartedly.  Just try to ignore what the first letter of their name resembles and you'd do fine.  I should run a list of restaurant which I would frequent IF I lived in Edinburgh.  Shezan would be near the top of a very short list.DECOR:  8PLATING: 8SERVICE:  8FOOD:  9VALUE:  10OVERALL:  8.6 out of 10
