5	Let's get inked...This place is great, I highly recommend it for many reasons if you are interested in a Tat or piercing: 1. It super clean 2. the artists are all very talented and cool, you spend a lot time with them as they ink you, so they better be easy to talk to.3. It has great prices and a wide selection of people to create their art on youIt's true that tattooing is addicting, I already have my next one picked out,  enhancing a small existing tattoo I have now into something more elaborate and artistic.   You have to put a lot of trust into your  Tattoo artist, and at Divinity I totally trusted Dan, (tattoo Dan, not Piercing Dan) He was great and very talented. Check it out...
5	Wow. That's what I'll start off by saying. I'm giving Dan M. 5 enormous stars. He was professional, attentive, creative, accommodating and, most of all, honest. He'll tell you about complimentary colors and placement. He helped me get a tattoo I absolutely love. I could not be happier. Honestly. Don't judge the place or the artists by the girl behind the counter. She seems a bit out of it. I'm sure she means well, but damn, talk about the wrong first impression. I'm glad I decided to stick with Divinity. I picked Dan M. out of the portfolio books on the counter. His shading and line work are top-notch. I already want another tat! And I can guarantee I'll go back to him, without a moment's hesitation. He is such a laid back, friendly and talented artist. You'll see for yourself; some of his own personal art hangs on the wall. He's very talentd!I really wish I could capture just how great he and my experience was. Alas, words escape me. But, trust me, if you're looking to get a tattoo, check out Divinity. Walk in; take a look at the portfolios; book an appointment. Hell, just say you want to book your appointment with Tattoo Dan! (That's what he told me to call him, since there's also a Piercing Dan.)While you're there, check out the really cool decor. It's such a cool looking tat shop with personality. The atmosphere is very relaxing, which is key, I think, to getting a great tat. No need to work yourself up into a tizzy - or you may pass out like a Frenchman did! Just relax. The pain is part of the pleasure. Ya gotta earn your ink!While at Divinity, I heard a wide range of music. I was afraid it was going to be the Satan-Worship-Scream-Rock all the time, since that's what I heard when I booked my appointment the week before. Luckily, I heard none of that during the 5 hours I was chillin' at Divinity. When I sat down to get inked, Radiohead came on. Perfect. My tat took about 30 minutes (from first needle prick to last), but Dan M. was helpful in talking with me beforehand about shading, size, placement, treatment, etc. He wanted to make sure I left happy. Well, Dan, I didn't leave happy. I LEFT ECSTATIC! I'm so glad I went through with it, found a design I absolutely love and got it exactly where and how I wanted it (with a little guidance from Dan.) I can't wait to go back to get my next one! Tips for your next, new tat:*When booking, drop in to look at the books on the counter - see which artists aligns with the type of tat you're looking for. If you want superb work, go with Tattoo Dan. He's the man. *Stock up on Vaseline and anti-bacterial soap. You'll need it.*Get ready to pay $40 deposit when you book your appointment. (The $40 goes toward the total price of your ink.)*Bring in a sketch or picture of what you want, so the artist can book adequate time for you. *Try and be sure of what you want. The guys don't like it when clients change their mind at the last minute, for it puts them behind with other clients and you may have to re-schedule your own appointment due to the extra time it'll take. If you do change your mind, drop in a couple days before your appt and give 'em your new sketch/pic. They'll appreciate it! *Make sure to eat before you get inked.*Get ready to earn your ink! While my tat barely hurt, it's cool to know you gotta endure a little pain for something so meaningful and beautiful!
5	I went to Divinity this past Saturday to get my first tattoo and I was so pleased with my experience. The shop was really nice and clean and everyone that worked there was very friendly. Ryan did my tattoo and he did an amazing job! He did my sister's tattoo as well and they both came out looking phenomenal. I was pretty nervous because it was my first tattoo, but he was nice about the whole thing. I had a great first experince and I will definitely go back for any work I get done in the future!
5	I had been wanting a second tattoo for years.  I decided this weekend I would finally have it done.  I asked a few friends for recommendations but didn't want to drive out to the far east valley.  After reading the first four reviews for Divinity, I checked out their website and the portfolios of the artists at the Phoenix location.  I was very impressed and called to make an appointment with Ryan Campbell.  When I arrived at the shop today, I was very impressed with everything I saw.  The decor was gorgeous, everyone was friendly, and Ryan was very knowledgeable.  He was very patient while I decided on the size and exact placement of my tattoo.  After he was finished, I was extremely pleased, and spoke to him briefly about my next tattoo.  I'm already looking forward to making my next appointment with him.
1	I stopped in this hipster spot to talk with an artist about helping me draw up my tat, a half back black and white original piece.  They hooked me up with Matt, who came out and spoke with me.  He seemed to be on the same page as me, and he said he would draw one up with a $40 nonrefundable payment and I could come in the next week and see it.  Well - I came in as scheduled, and he wasnt there!  I came back in 4 MORE TIMES at different times, twice with him telling me he'd be there with it, and nothing.  Being it was a month later and I hadnt seen or heard from this guy OR my 40 dollar tat, I called the shop and asked what the heck was going on and that I wanted my money back.  Yet again, they said they'd leave a message, and no they werent going to give me my deposit back, even though to this day I have yet to see the product of my mulah. Other than the fact that its decorated all hipster inside, this place is a dump.  Their customer service is atrocious, I didnt find their artists had that much talent after looking through the books, and their piercing selection is sad - I tried to grab a new nose ring on my way out, but they had like 2 to offer that looked pretty shabby.  Not impressed.To note - I had a friend who got a tat here, she said they hurried through it, weren't thorough, and just did a really crappy job (she's covered with tats head to toe so I trust her word) - she got it redone last fall by a different shop.
4	I got my 2nd tattoo at Divinity and loved the way they took great detail to what I specifically wanted on my body. Tony was great and showed me 3 different designs to my unique drawing. After he got me situated, he started my tattoo and was done in no time. He offered advice as to the aftercare for the next couple of days and more specifically what I should do for long term. I will definitely be going back and will be taking my husband to get his first!
4	There are two important elements to measuring a tattoo shop: the artists they employ and the service level of the shop itself.Divinity has some top-notch artists, but like most other shops, they really have a knack for rotating some lousy people through there. Sometimes their art is great but they are obnoxious and unreliable, sometimes it is the other way around. Just make sure you check out the portfolios and pick someone whose art you like. Get a sense of them when you schedule your consultation. If they are flaky and non-communicative right off the bat, pick someone else. There are a couple core artists there that really raise the overall quality. Dub is one of them. My wife and I have gotten three pieces from him, all of the highest quality, design, and thoughtfulness. Dub has a particular style and he will tell you if your design doesn't fit it. He is a fantastic artist in other media, so he excels at doing original drawings and designs. I have also heard great things about Paolo (the owner), but he wasn't taking new clients last time I looked.The only reason I don't give 5 stars is because the shop can be difficult to communicate with at times. They probably need a dedicated shop manager with good business communication skills, but this is a common problem across most tattoo shops I've been to.
5	I went to Divinity on high recommendation from a friend that is covered in ink and said this is the only shop he will go to. With this being my first tat I was naturally nervous but the staff was helpful, friendly and knowledgeable. I was very concerned about hygiene and was very impressed in how they seem to go to incredible lengths in this area. But the final and most important review has to be on the results which I could not be happier with. It is just icing on the cake that the inside of this shop totally rocks and has a great feel to it.
1	About 3 months ago I got in touch with Paolo about a back tattoo. He gave me a time to meet him and told me about the $40 art charge. i arrived at the shop when we were supposed to meet and ended up waiting for an hour until someone else came and opened up the shop. Paolo came in two hours late for our meeting and then told me that I should feel lucky he decided to look at my tattoo idea. then he told me he couldn't get me in for the tattoo until May...of next year.I cannot believe how rude he was as well as the rest of the shop. never once did anyone apologize for being late. he may be an amazing artist but his work isn't worth his attitude. I came in with several pictures of what i was looking for but a very open attitude towards what he as the artist thought would look good. I will never go there again and i suggest you don't either.
5	I would recommend Divinity to anyone interested in getting a tattoo.  If I were asked to use one word describe the place, I would choose, "professional".The receptionist, Julie, told me what to expect during the transaction.  She introduced me to my tattoo artist, Nate, and answered all my questions about cost, the upcoming appointment, etc.When I came back the next week for my tattoo, Nate was helpful and open with the whole tattoo process.  I could tell right away that he takes great pride in doing good work.  When I was finished, Nate told me how to care for it, what to do, and what to avoid.  He was great.If you've never gotten a tattoo, or are new to town and want your 40th tattoo, I would recommend Divinity without hesitation.
