3	I've eaten here many times, although I have to say the food is just average.  Table service for the buffet is always excellent, however.Buffet has a variety of Chinese dishes, salad bar, peel & eat shrimp, crab legs, sushi, and even pizza to name a few.  Dinner is $11.99 and lunch is $7.99 if I remember correctly.Again, food is nothing to rave about but okay if you're in the neighborhood.  Word of caution, I noticed last night the shrimp is not deveined.  YUCK, YUCK, YUCK.  It didn't seem to bother my husband.  What a surprise.
4	Been to a fair amount of Chinese buffets and this seems to be the top of its class - a class which could never get 5 stars just out of principle.Sushi was very good, vegetables were crisp, soups were tasty and they even made a dozen beef ribs for my friend without sauce (he's diabetic).Place is very clean, wait staff is efficient, and prices consistent with the area and quality but not a cheap Chinese buffet.
4	I have been to a few of the " Asian" or "Chinese" buffets around town and found this one to be near the top of my list. It is clean and the service is good. The variety and taste of the hot dishes are good. But, with all buffets some of the fried dishes can get alttle greasy. The sushi section is a little small but, the sashimi and nigri was good. I thought this place was a good value for the price.
4	Most of these Chinese Buffet places are crap... Greasy, sticky, unimaginative cuisine, just quantity over quality. This place is different, and I like it very much! Wifey and I have been a few times, and I took my in laws there recently as well. Things are fresh here, unlike other Chinese buffets (Paradise Valley). They have somewhat decent sushi, and fresh fruit as well. They also have dessert, if you are into that. I would recommend this place and we will be back again!
5	This is definitely my favorite of any Chinese Buffet I have been to in the East Valley.  People seem to have a hard time giving a buffet 5 stars but shouldn't one consider that it is simply a 5 star version of...a buffet. The service is fast and friendly.  The food looks good and tastes fresh.  I don't even feel leery about eating the sushi, of which they have a few different types of rolls and sashimi and nirigi available (mostly variations of tuna, salmon, and eel).The bill for a Saturday dinner came to $15 each(with beverage) though I did notice this last trip that the drink was tacked on for around $2.  I am not sure if the separate charge is new but I thought it was worth mentioning.
3	In all the times I've eaten here, last night was the first bad experience.  Almost everything I had was bad. The fried pot sticker was chewy, the tempura had been sitting out too long, even the sugar bun wasn't hot. And the bananas at the dessert table were just nasty looking.  I'm hoping this was just a bad night.  But I'm warning you Oriental Garden, one more night like this and you're losing a star!
4	Like most angsty teenagers I got to a point growing up where I denounced the buffets my parents dragged me to when I was a kid. However, when I went away to college and most of my friends rediscovered the fine art of gorging yourself with *fill-in-the-blank* cuisine from *fill-in-the-blank* buffet, I wouldn't give in. I don't know what it is, but with the exception of Sweet Tomatoes I don't do buffets. that being said I had pretty low expectations for this place and I'm definitely rating it for the buffet that it is. My parents come here quite a bit, and wanted to take me here before I went home after a weekend visit. Yes my parent are senior citizens and yes my parents eat at buffets like it's there job and yes they brought a dollar off coupon to get a discount on the already reduced rate this place offers to senior citizens. Like a couple of other people have mentioned the sushi here wasn't bad. It's your basic Cali, tuna, and salmon rolls but I wasn't bashful about eating it. If I would have ordered it from a sit down restaurant I probably wouldn't have liked it as much, but the pieces I had were an appropriate temperature and the guy making the rolls seemed to be churning them out often so it wasn't like they were sitting out for awhile. The one station I really liked was the area where they had items you would find when you go for dim sum, like dumplings, pork buns, etc. This station even had duck and chicken wings that were dry, but not bad considering they were buffet items. There was another station that I called the "Panda Express" station because it had items like orange chicken and eggplant with tofu. They only item I tried here was some sort of honey chicken with jalapenos, which actually had good flavor. There was also a hot seafood station, which I bypassed (I don't know why I didn't have a problem with the sushi, but I was leery of the shrimp, crab, and fish here for some reason).  I should also point out that most of the items throughout the buffet have labels so you know what you're getting. Oriental Garden also has several salads, which I didn't try and desserts, including the old buffet standby frozen yogurt, along with pudding, napoleon, brownies, and cookies. The desserts I sampled were all decent. The service was good and our waiter refilled our drinks when needed. At $11.99 for dinner (drinks aren't included) I thought between the sushi & dim sum station alone it was worth it. So this doesn't sound like a four star review, does it?  Well, like I said, since this was buffet I wasn't expecting the same standard I would from a restaurant where I just ordered a meal that would have been prepared after I ordered it. The fact that some things were a little dry or were slightly off in temperature didn't bother me. Plus my parents like this place, and if it's good enough for them, heck I'll come back :)
3	Got together with Mike C & Norm R today for lunch here.  It's a fairly large place with a friendly staff.  I counted 88 food choices, plus condiments, & some standout items were the long, tender salad asparagus spears, Maraschino cherries, delicious spare ribs, & crispy fried chicken.  Certain things didn't work for me, including the gooey fried rice, & I wasn't crazy about the seating setup, but there were plenty of food choices available to build yourself a tasty meal in this busy place!Lunch Buffet $7.95, $7.15 Sr.
4	Four and a half stars! I enjoyed practically everything I had here, which was almost everything they had here - the soup, the freshly-prepared sushi, the salads and hot and cold seafoods, the meats freshly cooked at the grill, the fish dishes, tempura veggies, the "standard" meat and noodle dishes, the desserts. There's a much wider choice of dishes here than at most buffets, and they had things buffets don't normally offer, such as asparagus and steamed clams. A very friendly staff added to the pleasant dining experience. If someone were to ask for a buffet recommendation for the Scottsdale area, I would immediately send them to this one.
4	went here with Norm R and Rand H . The decor was was nice  with lots of booth seating as well as lots of tables.The choices at the buffet were almost 90 which to me gives them the rank of super buffet.The items on the buffet were all good with lots of seafood and a sushi bar,they also had a grill were they were cooking bbq ribs and pork chops that were very good.I had the hot and sour soup and it was very good with lot of tofu added.the sweets were better than average for a chinese buffet. Alland all this place was a great chinese buffet better than most but not the best. Yay i am a fan.
4	Easy to overeat there due to the large variety. I enjoy going there with friends. Affordable for a buffet.
4	This is the best Chinese buffet I've had so far in the Phoenix metropolitan area. I had almost given up! The food is fresh, tasty and a bug change from some of the stale stuff I've eaten at other Chinese buffets in Scottsdale/Phoenix. If I'm hankering for Chinese & want a big spread, that's where I'll go next :)
4	I really enjoyed this place.  They had a lot of choices, the service was good, and it was clean.  I saw attendants replacing items on the buffet quickly.  They also were constantly cleaning and checking to make sure we all were happy.  The orange chicken was very good and the sauce tasted like homemade rather than the slop you get at some places.  I could be wrong.  Also, the asparagus was steamed perfectly with some sort of oil and chili.  There was a nice variety of sushi.  It probably was not the best I have ever had, but it was good for a buffet.  I will definately go back.
5	This is my fav China buff. Highlights are the crab puffs, potstickers, orange chicken, sweet and sour chicken, and those little sticks o' grilled chicken. Best way add 2k + calories to your diet.
4	i usually avoid buffets like the plague....i use to love them when i was like 16 and didn't know what poor food quality, high salt content, and germ ridden products were on buffets. so i don't think i've had a buffet in about 10 years. so i did a search for dim sum near my work and this place came up. i had a long lunch break so i headed over. first off...there wasn't much in the way of dim sum. but there were several non-meat, healthy "looking" options. like steamed salmon, decent looking broccoli dishes and fresh looking sushi. i tried a bunch of the sushi and none of it tasted or smelled funky. it was all actually very good. i was highly impressed. and for only 7 bucks for lunch! i may look into buffets more!
3	Mrs. Wanderer and I are not  fans of buffets in general but on this particular day our original destination (Sakana) was closed and this was literally the next restaurant we drove by.  We were starving so we stopped in.We were pleasantly surprised.  The selection was huge and the food was surprisingly good.  We would have settled for merely edible but it was actually pretty tasty. Very wide selection of everything and nothing that we had was less than good and a few things were excellent.  Not exactly health food or haute cuisine but it struck us both as much better than it needed to be.Our waitress was extremely friendly.  And at $7.99, you really can't beat the price.
4	Decent quality food and plenty of variety
4	Yes it is a buffet! Ok, I get it. Yes I am a food snob, you clearly understand these two DON'T mix!  Alas, the buffet is one of my guilty pleasures. Kinda like a Hostess Apple pie with Pork rinds. Hey now. So about once a year I go to a buffett. I go with a raging appetite and leave fat and usually not so happy. My Mother and Father happened upon this place and brought me and my Daughters to try it. They said it was REALLY good. This was my first trip to a Chinese buffet with my girls. It was not the mediocre slop I usually find at the CB (Chinese Boofay) this was a place where I would pay $25 for the Mongollian Beef alone. They have some of the best spare ribs I have had this side of Chinatown in NYC....where I am from....I know my Chinese. The Pork chop is oustanding. They have a trditional Japanese Eggplant and garlic dish that is so purple and bursting with flavor It's like Mardi Gras in my mouth. They have Steamed clams, Steamed Crab Legs, Steamed Fish of the Day. One standout is the Roast Duck. Now in no way is it excellent, it is Fair to Good. HOWEVER, if you ask them to make fresh Duck, they will happily oblige you. Then, the Duck becomes a real treat. That's right, I am talking to the tribe for a moment......ask for fresh duck, you will not be dissapointed!!! There are plenty of fried foods if thats your bag, Wal-Mart chinese food I call it. Fried Sticky Sweet Chicken and Beef dishes are sure to please your Panda Palate and will afford you the opportunity to ruin your greyish looking fruit of the loom t-shirt. Heres a tip, There is a dish that has frried chicken (white meat only) with Honeya and Jalapenos. The Jalapenos in this dish are TOO DIE FOR. I add them to my mongollian beef. The fried crab is a chinese staple and is done up pretty nicely here. Very fresh tasting. They have sushi...............I love sushi........I have never eaten it here and I never will. It does look fresh, my framily says it's fine but I am reluctant to try it. The staff is very nice and very accomodating. My CB experience has gone from once a year to once a month with this place. For a boofay they are the best I have had!!!
4	I can't guarantee that anyone will share the experience I have at the Oriental Garden, but know that my four star review isn't curved much just because "it's a buffet."I have been many times (it's the go-to buffet as far as I'm concerned) and each time the staff is friendly, inviting, and attentive. Besides for being hit on occasionally by the waiter because I vaguely resemble Harry Potter, the atmosphere feels authentic enough and the seats are soft enough to ensure comfort while I dine. Comfort is important, here, because for the next hour or so I am going to be eating as much as humanly possible and I'd like to be comfortable before the well-earned stomach ache kicks in.The price is pretty great considering the amount of food at your disposal. As a fan of sushi, it's nice to see them offer a few varieties (yellowtail, tuna, salmon) including my all-time favorite: mackerel. Not many buffets offer sushi and even less offer good sushi, but Oriental Garden does a good job with its raw fish. Some places make you eat the rice as well, perhaps hoping to limit the amount of sushi you can possibly manage to consume. Not here. I especially like that they've removed the rice from the mackerel and offer it as sashimi now. It probably depends on the hour you go, but around 5pm it's delicious and at least the very least, it feels really fresh.I usually eat about half sushi, and half "other stuff." This includes a plethora of options - great ribs, shu mai, orange chicken, mongolian beef, baked salmon, and so much more. This is obviously not the ideal setting for a health-nut so I have no qualms recommending the coconut shrimp and the sweet 'n sour chicken as my personal favorites.They have ice cream and desserts but I hardly ever have any room left over once I'm done with all the dinner options. Gave it four instead of five because the consistency isn't always there, occasionally you can eat something that doesn't have the right texture or seems like it's been out for a while, but the overall experience is always very satisfying for me. It's easily the best buffet I've been to in Arizona outside of Golden Corral. If anyone knows of a better oriental buffet - please let me know. If you haven't tried Oriental Garden - what are you waiting for?
4	If you like buffets, the area around Indian Bend and 101 is a good place to be, since you find the Wandering Horse Buffet, Sweet Tomatoes, YC's Mongolian Grille, and Oriental Garden Super Buffet all within a mile.  The Oriental Garden has always been enjoyable, but we have neglected it recently in favor of the newer, fancier Wandering Horse and the "healthier" Sweet Tomatoes, so it's time to do a comparison check.  We were delighted to discover that the Oriental Garden has responded to the new competition by kicking it up a notch.  Though it may lack the flash (and the liquor license) of the Wandering Horse, it offers almost as much for half the price.  They may not have Kobe beef, but they have a sushi section which has doubled in size since our last visit, with tuna, salmon, and eel nigiri, a selection of maki, and some interesting seafood-filled pastries.  And let me not forget the crab legs, baked salmon, and flounder.  Plus shrimp more ways than you can count.  For seafood, OG leaves WH in the dust.  All the Chinese buffet staples are there, and fresher than most other Chinese buffets.  They still don't compete on desserts, but have added an excellent chocolate cake to get in the running.  Overall, Oriental Garden clearly holds its own in this competition, and may be our first choice.  Meat eaters may prefer Wandering Horse, vegetarians or those wishing they were on a diet may choose Sweet Tomatoes, pasta lovers or those with a need for spicier food should try YC's, but seafood lovers and those simply looking for good bang-for-the-buck will wind up at Oriental Garden.
4	EXCELLENT Chinese buffet. This place is run by a Chinese family that knows what they're doing. Service is EXCELLENT, their food is FRESHLY prepared, with a wide variety of items. The Egg Foo Yung is always delicious. I can't say enough good things about this wonderful restaurant.
4	As far as buffets go this place is pretty dam good. Saturday they have the all you can eat crab legs and for $12 you can't beat it. The service is great , very attentive. I didn't give it five stars because there is still room for improvement in terms of the desserts and a couple of the dishes - i.e. the chow mein (not fabulous) but overall one of the best oriental buffets I have been to.
4	Great variety! They had soups, salads, sushi, plenty of Chinese and seafood dishes. A large variety of desserts too.
1	It's a below average, overpriced Chinese buffet.  Crab legs were overdone, stir-fry dishes all had a strange taste. They had a large selection of seafoods, but not the best quality (I know, I know--it IS an oriental buffet--what should I expect?). Two buffets and 1 soft drink...total $27.86...ouch!
2	Just moved to the Scottsdale area and searched around online for a Chinese buffet style restaurant in the vicinity of our new place. Decided to give this place a shot. This place was pretty disappointing to say the least. The only plus was the friendly staff. Other than that, the place seemed run-down. Bathroom was kept pretty filthy and was in need of a makeover (might be a reflection of their kitchen, who knows). My GF and I went there for lunch and the food looked fine. However, almost all the food there taste as if it were laying under the heat lamps all day (if not from the previous evening). The veggies did not taste fresh at all. The wontons had hard edges. Basically, I'm glad that we scoped this place out before deciding to come here on a whim with a large group and risk being embarrassed by recommending that we eat here. I guess if you haven't been to any other Chinese buffets to compare it to, it might be somewhat palatable. But coming from the East Valley where we have so many awesome buffets to choose from, this place pales in comparison.I gave it 2 stars only because 1 star goes to the friendly staff. And the other star goes to the drinks and desert cake with ice cream (which was the only thing I enjoyed).
3	I went there because I didn't know exactly what I want and with a buffet you have a big variety. We went on Friday night and arrived a little late, we didn't realize that they close by 9pm. The place was ok, the staff friendly, the only think annoying was that they start cleaning everything and you hear all that noises and some of them were sweeping next to our table. The food was ok too. I need to tell that I'm not a chinese food lover, so maybe my opinion is not helpful, but I can tell that some food didn't look fresh and and another where to oily. My husband said was ok too, for the price is fine.
5	One of my favorite buffet spots.  Everything is hot -temperature and spicy good flavor.  Not your usual greasy noodles found at most buffets.  I love the cold jalapeno with sqid and octopus.  Where else do you get that at a buffet.
1	Asian buffets scare me... I usually don't know what half the stuff is, and if I do know what it is, it's a microwaved crazy sauced version of what I'm used to. Granted, I came here with a hungry hoard of UCSD dragon boaters, so we were all starved from a long day of paddling. Yes, I ate, but I was terrified that everyone would be sitting on a toilet for the rest of the night and that we would be totally unable to paddle our races the next day.Microwavable edamame was my friend since I saw the costco sized bags sitting on the side (I figured I'd be safe with these), and I attempted to try everything else like the random seafoods, mushy sushi, and fatty meats. Their desserts were weird generic cakes that seemed to be salvaged from the sale section of the local grocery bakery, so I stuck with the frozen yogurt.Lots of better options out there, but I guess since there were about 50 of us, we were limited.
1	What is it with AZ and their TERRIBLE chinese?!  I'm from small town midwest and our chinese was amazing.  This is a big city- wtf?!  Anyways, Oriental Garden "super" buffet was anything but super.  I know that buffets in general are hard to rate becuase of the lacking food quality but I've had some great chinese buffets in my day.  The options are limited and they didn't even have the favorites like sesame chicken, general tso, or beef and broccoli!  Instead they replaced it with weird, questionable entrees like cheese covered seafood mystery.  Even the crab legs were bad and had a funky taste.  I wouldn't pay $5 for this buffet so the $13 a person is unresonable for the quality of food.  I'm sorry I can't think of any pros.Will someone please tell where I can find good chinese food in this city????!!
2	Losses 3 stars because the bathrooms are disgusting. That's to bad because the food is good for a chinesse buffet. I mean we all know what to expect from this type of resturant . On the postive side the smell of the bathroom made me "loose my lunch" if you know what I mean, so I did have room for more food. It is an all you can eat place and as I said the food is ok
1	If you're super fat and the only thing you care about is getting your 5000 calories in for lunch, this place is your Mecca. If you haven't smoked your taste buds away, have eaten real Asian food, or actually give a shit about what you put into your mouth and body, AVOID, AVOID, AVOID.
5	5 stars as far as lunch buffets for under $10 go. I walked in and asked if the AC was working and the guy turned to get me an ice tea. LOL. I moved to a table with more air circulating. Sushi and edamame on the buffet? wow! So far so good.  There's a ton of food to choose from. I know I will be back!
4	Four stars for a buffet.  Great lunch buffet price and yummy sushi.
4	My husband and I had been wanting to try this Asian Buffet for awhille, and we finally did, we had Dinner, which was about $13.00, had a Great Selection of Asian foods, my fave was the Mussels in shell, covered with cream cheese, couldn't get enought of them, the sushi was very fresh also, the shrimp tempura, and orange chicken were just ok!, but we would difinitely go back, next time for Lunch, I think lunch would be better deal,won't have Crab legs at lunch, but we don't eat those anyway ! Oh!  they also have Pizza for kids, and kids under 7 eat free !  Nice pleasant music, and very quiet !
3	At first I walked in and felt like I had found the promiseland.  It wasnt too crowded and the waitress greeted me as though we were old friends. All that I could see were rows and rows of steaming buffet tables.  With that, I didnt even sit down before heading over to a station to grab a plate and begin the feast.I went straight for the sushi and it was good.  Nigiri pieces were small, but thats fine.  Its all you can eat!  I piled on about 6 pieces and grabbed some peel and eat shrimp and went about my business.  I did the same after that with orange chicken, duck, bacon wrapped shrimp, fried rice, noodles, pork sparerib, and a bunch of other things that looked appetizing.  All this for less than 13 bucks a head!Anyway, the long and short is that the quantity is crazy!  There must have 60 different items including whole crab and crab legs...even frog legs!  But at the end of the day the quality of all of these items is very, very "so so".  The crab legs would never be worth the effort as small as they are nor was the crab.  The peel and eat shrimp werent really worth it either as small and shelled as they were.  The duck was mostly bone and for the fan of frog legs they were tiny.  The oriental offerings were fair in taste.  Didnt hold a candle to a Panda Express quality even (Boy...I would love if the would do and "all you can eat deal"!)  Nevertheless, they did have some treats that you couldnt find elsewhere like sticky rice in plantain leaf which I always love!  Now there is no way that you can touch this price for all the items available!  So I have to give them kudos for that.  Its got to be great for kids to be able to try so many things that I sure as heck never tried when I was young...but if you are seeking quality along with your quantity I might sugges heading just a mile or so East to the casino...but it's gonna cost you a few bucks more for the buffet.If you are saving room for dessert, dont.  Nothing special in this department other than the soft serve which you can dump on top  of the "apple pie" (not really apple pie, but apple filling with some crust on it).  No matter how much you eat we can always save room for soft serve!Once again...the waitress was sweet and was very attentive.  I dont normally tip at buffet's but I did since she was right on top of our dirty plates when we were heading up for more.  A definite plus!!!  So bang for your buck?  5 stars!  Quality of food? 2.  Total...probably a 3 to a 3.5.  I will be back one day when I skipped lunch and just got done at the gym and am FAMISHED!!!  But probably not til then...But I am sure you'll be around since it's surely one of the best deals going.  See you then!
3	This has long been my favorite chinese buffet for lunch and dinner. However they are now charging $12.49 + $1.59 for soft drink. The quality of food though has not improved. Perhaps since they have Snow Crab Legs everyday they are justifying the price. But sadly I don't agree.
1	We looked at the food before deciding to sit down and it looked like it would be pretty good. Looks can be deceiving because NOTHING was good. I mean nothing -- usually there is at least one dish that you can eat to get your money's worth and there was literally nothing. The fried shrimp must have been over-fried by like 10 minutes it was so tough and chewy, the sweet and sour chicken had unidentifiable meat in it that was such a weird texture it made me gag. None of the meats were good, anything that was fish was too fishy, the rice and noodles were dried out. And everything smelled like old grease and had similar flavors. The soda pops we got also tasted "off".  We were very disappointed for $50 as we left hungry and went to McDonald's.The waitress was very nice, cleared dishes quickly and was very attentive.  She brought my son potatoes that were not on the buffet since we couldn't find anything he would eat, so the people are nice and I wish I could say something nice about the food but I can't.
4	This is my favorite Chinese buffet I've been to so far. The variety of food, and the value are as big as my stomach is when I walk out of here.Tip- try the chocolate cake- so moistTip- try the Chinese cheesecake (or egg tart if available)Tip- cream cheese wontons! Can't get enough
5	We love this place - crab legs, sushi and buffet! what else can you ask for? Oh the waiter always remembers us and asks where my aunt is if she doesn't come. How cool is that!
5	Our Chinese buffet is closing! They say they lost their lease due to not letting the landlord know in time and now a HOOTERS of all things is moving in..... REALLY!!!!!
4	was great but sadly it is now closed :(
3	= = = = = =  CLOSED  = = = = = =Sadly, this one has closed!     :-(
