4	I have to say, the prices are not bad. They always have specials. A few months ago, Lil Man and I went here to get our hair cuts. Lil Man went first, the young lady did not know how to cut my son's hair, but under the guidance and supervision of the teachers and fellow students, my son came out with a great hair cut. My son got his hair cut and a scalp treatment. He was in heaven when he was having the scalp treatment done. His cut was $10 and the scalp treatment was an $5. Then it was my turn. I had my hair washed, colored, highlighted, and got the scalp treatment. Grandma got her hair washed and colored. The cost for all three of us was $145 which isn't too bad considering the length of my hair and grandmas. The only reason why I couldn't give the last star is because of the length of time that we were there. We got there at 9am and left at 430pm. The folks that are there are all students and teachers.
5	Makeup/Hair/Lash special for $35? What?Yes, my friends, I have had to become all girly for some events, and trying to find someone on short notice that I can trust and won't charge me an arm and a leg is apparently a tall order...or is it?I was frantically searching, as I needed to get done up for one event that I worked, and I happened to find that other Yelpers had reviewed this spot.  So, after calling and making an appointment, I found out that they have a Homecoming Special that they're running for the entire month of October: $35 = updo, lashes, makeup application (not airbrush).  They recommend that you don't try to walk in for this sort of thing, as they do get booked up toward the end of the day on the weekends.  I worked with Brittany and she was amazing.  If anyone knows me, I'm a tomboy/anti-girl when it comes to hair and makeup.  Pushups/burpees = yes, makeup and hair = fail.  So,  I trusted my stylist and voile, she made me into a new person.  I liked the fact that she asked me what I wanted to have done to my hair, gave me tips/recommendations, and she also made sure to ask me what type of makeup (look), as well as lashes were appropriate.  The service was phenomenal and I was excited when they rang me up for $35.50 (tip had to be given via cash).  It was worth every penny, and the girl even gave me some tips as to how to fix my hair if it messed up, how often to touch up my makeup, and where to go and get some alternatives (Walgreen's).  All in all, I'll be back.  Thanks so much...professional every step of thee way :)
4	Had a fantastic facial with MALIA this past Thursday. Going back next Thursday for another one. What a joy. The staff and MALIA were great. I also had a haircut,eyebrows,nails,pedicure and it was ALL GOOD.  Spent the whole day @ a SPA with great pricing and good service.
3	Got my nails done here a couple of times. Good when the student is not preoccupied with self
4	Today had a CUSTOM FACIAL (MELIA) FANTASTIC! The pricing is even better. My last week haircut still looked good (according to the staff). I guess I will be going back for more Custom Facials, nails, eyebrows and the ocassional haircut.
1	If you're looking for somewhere to go to school for skin care, look somewhere else.  You can have movie night & potluck dinners with your friends.  I actually paid to learn something at school, not watch videos & cook for people who could care less about their education.And get ready to find your own job.  The job placement is a joke & they only ever tell you to apply at Euphoria salons or European Wax Center!
