5	David Piper took me there once. It was yummy. Must go again.
5	This is my favourite place in Edinburgh. If I could give it 5 stars + I would! It's a really gem tucked away on the busy noisy street of South Clerk Street and you feel like you have stepped inside another world/time and the busy outside is lost!With only about 4 tables, offering over 250 varieties of loose tea, this little shop also is an antique shop so it's like sitting in a treasure trove or your grandmother's house, with classical music playing in the background and delicious proper teacups and pots of tea. They also offer scones, chocolates and various tarts (be warned the lemon tart disappears fast!).Other than this, the owners are the sweetest loveliest people, and strive to make this little place a haven for the end of the week. That's the other thing, this place is only open on Friday to Sunday and if there are more than two I would strongly recommend you book a table at prime tea times(4-7) or late mornings. Also, sadly, there is no toilet in here, which can be quite inconvenient for a tea drinker. However, fear not! The pub across the street is used to Anteaques customers bustling in for the loo so that's that sorted.Back to Anteaques, if you are stuck on what tea to get take a look at their seasonal selection, or try narrowing down to variety of tea (black, herbal, white or infusion). Personally a standard favourite in Vanilla Chai, however, strawberry, cherry almond, orange pistachio and roibois are also excellent. Tea though is a matter of taste right? The owners of course know a lot about tea, and you are welcome to smell their samples they have in order to help you choose. Another added star goes to the price, only 2.50 for a large pot of tea which holds about 6 cups. You don't get quality tea like that for that price and quantity anywhere else in the city as far as I am aware of. (you would be lucky with a tea bag in a mug!).So come to Anteaques for a unique tea experience!
4	Although I would much rather drink coffee than tea, I would much rather come to this cozy, unique  and charming tea shop any day of the week over chain coffee houses.A tiny tea room that can fit maybe 10 people in at most, with an attached antique shop - but its huge selection of exotic teas keeps me coming back to try something new each time. The atmosphere is good, feeling genuinly like you have stepped back in time to a much more civilised era.A lot of people would just walk past Anteaques, but implore you not too - its far too great.
4	Anteaques is a place that I've only recently discovered in Newington, and I'm surprised I hadn't heard about it before.  It's an antique shop / tea room situated on Clerk Street, and is only open Friday to Sunday.Stepping inside is like entering a Victorian novel.  Seats are surrounded by antiques of all different sorts.  The owners were dressed very smartly, and tea was served in china cups, with scones on a silver (?) cake rack.  It suddenly made me feel very English.  The atmosphere could have only been improved by the presence of a roaring fire - it did feel like being at someone's house and having a cup of tea!Moving on to the tea itself - I sampled a cup of Blue Lady, which was just one of the seemingly endless list of varieties on offer here.  It had a real depth of flavour, and was very tasty.  You could spend many days coming back here, sampling all of the different types.  If you're coming as part of a group, it may be worth phoning ahead to check if there is going to be a table available, as there are only a few tables, and so it will tend to fill up quickly.Anteaques is a real gem - properly good tea and scones in the centre of the hustle and bustle of Newington.  As Jonathan said in one of the earlier reviews, I would pick this place over Starbucks easily.
3	Assam CeylonDarjeelingEnglish BreakfastEarl GrayBlue LadyJasmineAlmondGrapefruitRaspberryRedcurrantRose PetalLemon VerbenaOrange Pistachio RooibosCherry AlmondChocolate CherryChristmas OrangeHazlenutLapsang SouchongOrange Blossom OolongWhite PomegranateViolet Petal Tea& Russian CaravanWith over 250 varieties of loose tea on offer, Anteaques is clearly Edinburgh's most distinctive tea shop and cafe. The problem is, I didn't really enjoy hanging out there. I found the layout and style a bit too chintzy and old fashioned whilst the intimate atmosphere made it impossible to sit and enjoy a cuppa without overhearing other customers' conversations. To top it off, when they made an orange pistachio rooibos for someone I had a flash back of a particularly nasty hang-over in New York many moons ago. The words, several pots of orange pistachio roobios followed by several vodka cocktails, no food and a slam poetry night should give you an idea of the disaster that lay ahead!
5	This is one of the cutest places I have ever seen. It is very tiny so I don't understand how they stay in business, but it clearly is a labor of love. I enjoyed sipping my tea in a strange and wondrous little antique shop. The tea selection was vast and exciting. The selection of pastries and such is very limited, but my scone was wonderful and I assume they just can't have too large of a food menu in such a small place as it would go bad. The staff are sweet. It was a great experience.
4	This place was my favorite of all tea shops while studying abroad in Edinburgh! The atmosphere is really cozy and feels like you've suddenly been transported to some grandmother's home since there's antiques everywhere around you. I'm pretty sure even the spoons they give you are antiques. The tea itself is quite good - I advise splitting one pot between two people. My friend and I made the mistake of each getting our own so by the end of it we were veryyyy stuffed. I also got the Green Tea Savarin to go with it. It was delicious. (:
5	I've been coming here regularly for a year and fell in love with Anteaques.This place is a bit like The Leaky Cauldron in Harry Potter: you just don't notice it from the outside. A tiny shop window with a few anteaques and that's it. However, the inside is a great surprise: I personally find antiques quite tacky, but this place is astonishingly elegant, combining the antiques with a superb selection of teas (i counted 76 jars of different types, but they might as well have more). The staff is very polite and dedicated, the serving impeccable and the quality of the cakes and scones can hardly be matched. The prices are very competitive too, and if you are lucky enough, you can find rose jam produced by a family business in the south of france, as well as gluten-free stuff in the week-ends.This place is very small so it's better to book in advance.
4	Anteaques is pretty delightful, and is the kind of tea room I like, except without a high tea option, which was a bit of a shame at the time, as that was why we went. Instead, we had to console ourselves with a lunch of cake, but seeing as it was my birthday, I thought that was fair enough!There are lots of teas and tea blends to choose from, reminding me of my favourite SF haunt, Lelands - in that, there are mini jars on the side so you can just go right ahead and have a good sniff of the tea options before you choose. We both went for a couple of special blends - being a cold February afternoon, I went for the Christmas blend - all orange and spice and all things very very nice. Washed down with some lovely tarts - dark chocolate ganache and raspberry, followed by a gluten free lemon tart (both in the photos I've uploaded) - the lemon was so crisp and clean, I can still taste it now, 5 months on. That is what cake is supposed to be. The gents remind me of steam punks back in SF, with their retro fashion and hair stylings and the air overall, with the antiques around you and the quaint plate ware and teapots just give Anteaques a lovely sense of character. A profoundly pleasant place - oh but beware - it's tiny, so even when we visited, there were countless unlucky lots being turned away.
4	I've been desperate to go here for ages, after one of my friends claimed that it has the best scones in Edinburgh. I finally made it here, and it's quite frankly awesome. I'm a sucker for weird teas, and this place has some excellent concoctions. I had the gardenia oolong which smells utterly fabulous and I love the teapots where you can see it brew. We also had some green tea cake which was strange but really nice. The place is insanely cool as well. It smells a little like my granny's house (there were definitely some relics in there which looked very similar to things she had!). All the tea cups are really cute and there are some really gorgeous antiques as well, which I spent a long time admiring. As others say, check opening times (although during the fringe it's open every day from 11-7 and we got a table just walking in).
