4	Great place to buy used games
2	Well I do not know what I was expecting to happen when I walked into this store as my past experiences have been pretty bad. Yes I could go to my local Wal-Mart or super pricey Best Buy store but, I like to buy a game without having to sell a kidney. Call me crazy (lol). Anyways my experience always starts off OK as I normally get at least a hi or a short glance in my direction to let me know that at least they noticed I have walked in the building. The problems seem to start when I try to have a conversation with any of their employees. It seems that instead of hiring people who have ever played a video game, they would rather employ a staff of uneducated, and unmotivated teens more focused on talking about how much they hate their job. Now we all have done the same thing but not in front of customers while they are looking over merchandise. Let me be fair and make the point that there are tons of games and many systems out there so it is impossible to know everything. But when I ask you about a game that you have posters for tacked up all over your store and you tell me you do not know then there is a problem. So will I ever go back there?? Maybe someday when they increase their selection, lower the prices, and take the time to train their employees. After all why stock 50 copies of a game no one wants instead of offering a more popular selection that will actually make you money?
4	I've never been in a gamestop with rude staff. I don't know how they find these teenagers, but gamestop has some of the friendliest staff on the planet. Furthermore I'm very impressed with their knowledge. They must have an excellent staff training program.
5	Of all of the GameStops in the Phoenix Metro area, this is the best to go to. I have been going to this one since the day I bought my house down the road and I would go out of my way to keep shopping here.I have a great rapport with Dean, Jason, Kevin, and Todd who do an outstanding job of providing knowledgable information about games and are not afraid to share their opinions on a particular game. If I come in not knowing what I am looking for, the staff are great at finding out what I like to play and recommending an appropriate title I might like.If you want to go to a place where you'll get canned responses and foolishly unhelpful staff, go buy from Wal Mart or Best Buy, in many cases you will end up spending more of your money at those places. But if you want honest prices and excellent staff, hit up this GameStop, they are the best.
4	Its close, convenient, and great for anything gaming. Its definately my favorite onestop-gameshop!
