5	By far, my favorite Chinese restaurant in Charlotte.  Have been going to Great Wall for the past 12 years and no Chinese place in Charlotte has come close to replacing it.Food has always been good and is always consistent.  From the egg drop soup to the spring rolls to the entrees, everything is great.  I highly recommend the Shrimp and Broccoli, but really everything there is worth trying.Wait staff is very attentive, bordering on too attentive at times.  Food comes out fast and hot.  The owner is friendly and enjoys chatting.Good with large parties, there are two rooms in the back of the restaurant that can be joined or separated depending on the size of your party.
4	During the first seven years I lived in Charlotte, I had lunch here at least three times a month.  The food and service has always been steady.  I always left feeling as though I received good value.
4	During the first seven years I lived in Charlotte, I had lunch here at least three times a month.  The food and service has always been steady.  I always left feeling as though I received good value
4	This is one of my favorite chinese restaurants in the area. Their food is always fresh, hot and delicious.The service is superb. They're very attentive. I've become such a regular customer that they know  me by name. That makes me feel extra special. I've never experienced that at any other restaurant that I ever frequent on a regular basis.
5	My family has been coming here for over 20 years and I've always had a great meal. Great specials, diversity, and service. I think this is the best Chinese restaurant in the Charlotte area. The best egg drop soup I've ever had.
5	The best Chinese place in Charlotte. (or Rock hill, SC) This restaurant should be tried by people that haven't liked Chinese food in the past because they do it right. My favorite is the beef and mixed vegetables. Ample portions, food (including the rice) perfectly cooked.Make sure (if ordering take out) to ask for some of the "homemade mustard sauce" to put on your spring roll or egg roll, it's great but be careful, it's HOT!
4	If you're looking for a way to avoid the lines of Easter Brunch, head to a Chinese Restaurant.  We showed up at the Great Wall sometime around noon and there were about four tables taken up.  Sweet.They had a Sunday Buffet - I think they do this every Sunday, not just for Easeter.  I'm not sure if you can order off the menu or not.  Frankly, I don't think that I would.  Since the Great Wall doesn't typically do a buffet, but instead puts a variety of their typical dishes out on a jury-rigged affair, it's like getting a family-style selection of meals, rather than your normal Chinese buffet.While you don't have the selection of some buffets, where you'll have three, four or even five buffet lines to choose from, the food is overall much fresher, and the experience much better.  The problem, such as it is, is that if they were busier, the lines would be difficult to navigate.  As it is, the process wasn't a problem at all.The bar had two soups, half a dozen different meats, a couple of rices (one white, one brown), lo mein, some vegetable options and a dessert.  Decent selection, and the food itself was certainly the star.  Where some buffets will be too heavy on the sauce, so that it can survive hours on the warming tray, the food here was almost like a large portion that you'd get had your table ordered it yourself.Thus, you were able to really enjoy.  The beef and broccoli was my personal favorite, but all of the dishes were quite good.  Staff was attentive, and even the price was good, considering that we were there for a Sunday afternoon brunch.
3	We were looking for a good Chinese place and I saw the reviews for Great Wall of China.  We decided to try it on Sunday after church. It  looked like it might be crowded with all the cars in the parking lot but when we got in the restaurant was bigger than it looks and it didn't feel cramped at all. Another surprise is apparently Sunday's they just do a buffet.  The inside was your typical American-Chinese restaurant look with the brass bars, and large fish tanks and a bit of flair from the 80's.  One thing that stuck out like a sore thumb is the absence of sound. It honestly felt like family dinner time after report cards came out. Besides the occasional cough and banging of fork on the plate that was it. My wife and I actually felt uncomfortable holding a conversation above a faint whisper. Don't know what the deal was with that maybe the other customers were regulars and were used to the "no talking while you eat".The food was average. It was a relatively small buffet, featuring two types of rice, some noodles, sesame chicken, beef and broccoli, egg rolls, chicken wings, and about 5 variations of chicken, cashews, and sauce.  I will say the egg rolls were the size of hot pockets and tasted like had been either fried way to long or they were using old oil. The sesame chicken was crispy which was nice but the sauce tasted like it was just poured out of a drum. Nothing to write home about.  At least the service was good. I noticed on someone else's review, they mentioned the service is a little over bearing at times. I couldn't take a sip of tea with out him trying to refill it.  All in all it was a very bland an QUIET lunch. Maybe since it was on a Sunday the food was a little below par, I'll have to try it again and order off the menu and see how it goes.
3	I ordered the House Special Fried Rice...it was okay, but nothing to write home about. I will try a spicy dish next time.
2	I've been going to this place for the past 15 years and it's definitely gone downhill recently. I used to rave about the food and service to all my friends, but recently my experiences have been pretty terrible. The owner and his waitstaff look as if they have just given up, there's never a smile on anyone's face, they all just look depressed. The food used to be amazing, but it seems as if they must have changed chefs because now everything usually ends up coming out either over done, or just drenched in way too much sauce. If you complain about the food, the waitstaff just acknowledge the complaint with a nod, walk away, and do nothing about it. I hate to write a bad review because I know how great it used to be, but it just seems as if owner stopped caring.
5	I'm not sure if the folks are reviewing the same restaurant that I have enjoyed since 1985. I live in Florida now but come back to Charlotte 4-5 times a year and the Great Wall is always a must destination. My order is always the same and it is always delicious- Great Wall Special Trio; spicy, no vegetables. Fried Rice and Hot & Sour soup.We have not been able to find good Chinese in North Florida. We would be so happy if we could get Chinese food the caliber of Great Wall!
5	If you speak Mandarin, you can request whatever Asian cuisine your heart desires.  Bliss!  Since my Chinese is about as rocky as a kindergarten students', I like to drag my parents with me.  We always order up a storm- not exactly sure how to translate the dishes ordered but I'm sure you get the point.  This is as authentic as authentic gets in Charlotte (even some of the foods on the regular menu).  Absolutely love the owner, the wait staff, and the food.Step out of your comfort zone.  That's how you'll get to experience the authentic.  Junk like sweet and sour chicken is not authentic.  Have fun!
5	Been coming here for years. Alex, Tiffany, Cathy and all the staff make me feel welcome. The food is always consistent and good. I generally take out but when dining in, the experience is always good. One thing you must do is spend some time looking at their salt water fish tanks. These tanks are incredible and worth visiting the restaurant just to enjoy them.
3	For Chinese food this place gets a three (3 yelp stars) from me.  I love the Chinese Cabbage and that was about it.  The Beef Dish I ordered was too salty and the Beef was over cooked though I do not think that was the determining factor   it tasted too plain  for my dish I rate it 2.55 yelp stars.  The Pineapple Fritters were perhaps made exactly as they were supposed to be though I did not like them.  The batter was too thick, some were overcooked and some were undercooked (batter gooey on the inside) 1 yelp star.  The service was A-OK as in 3 yelp stars.  The Fish Tanks, Lighted Tree, Red Display Cases with carved tusks and Ceiling in the Bar show some potential in Decorating!  They had a good Monday night crowd for a Monday night and were doing a lot of takeout.  Not much concern that I only took one bite of my HUGE Dessert, nor when I told them I did not care for it and no offer to comp it!  It would NOT have helped me rate the dine any higher though.  I would eat here again if Charlotte did not offer any better Restaurant choices!
2	Meh exactly meh. Ive been here twice over the past 2 months or so....The first time there was a screaming kid there the entire time. Not the restaurants fault right? Yea technically i know but after 45 min of it, when the whole restaurant is visibly uncomfortable the staff should have requested the child be taken outside. Food was okay, nothing spectacular and that damn screaming kid...Jesus people, Chucky Cheese is at the other side of the shopping center. So, i didn't diss the restaurant due to that experience. Went back a few weeks later. Christmas Day actually. Twas earlier in the day so it wasn't super busy yet. The table beside us was already noticeably frustrated with service and wait for their food when we arrived(they eventually ended up almost walking out). Good sign right, lol? Well everything was kinda disappointing. Service was shotty, food wasn't that good(or hot) and took forever to get to the table. It felt like asking for a refill was an annoyance to the server. No bueno, not for me. Next time ill pass.
2	I had checked out the reviews on Great Wall south, and decided to try it. Walking in at 3:45 PM, there were maybe 3 tables occupied. The decor was inviting. I loved the huge fish tank they had on display. From there, sadly, it began to go downhill. A lady at the bar waved me to the dining room, and a waiter sauntered over to ask what I wanted to drink. Also he asked me if I wanted a menu......strange. After getting settled with the menu, I ordered 2 egg rolls, hoping that since it was between mealtimes I would get freshly fried ones. Nope, not to be. Cold, hard and greasy. So back they went, with a request for fresh ones, told the waiter I didn't mind waiting for them.I ordered Sa Cha Scallops as an entree, with a small pork fried rice. The new egg rolls came out at the same time as the entree. I could deal with that, no probs. BUT....egg rolls were NOT fresh, they were warmer, and just as hard. Scallops were good and plentiful, presentation was good, fried rice was good also. The egg rolls were the turnoff. I'm giving it 2 Yelp stars, but if you love good egg rolls, don't come here expecting to find them. Panda's Den in north Charlotte puts this place to shame.
5	Been coming to the GW for almost thirty years!  Back in 1982 it was one of the few places to eat in the Carmel Commons area.  (Other than Little Ceasars, Mamma Rosas in Pineville & Chucky Cheese).  Yah, I'm old.  I remember when Winn-Dixie was still in Carmel Commons.    Family owned.  SUPER FRIENDLY managers.  Gets busy on weekends.  VERY fast take-out service.Once bumped into Jim & Tammy Baker during lunch. Standard "American" Chinese food.  Poo Poo platter fun with the flaming sterno cauldron.  THEY DO HAVE A REAL CHINESE MENU, but you'll need to ask for it.  Bar Area waiting.  Kids love the multiple fish tanks.  Fun place to people watch.  Don't worry if your kid spills fried rice all over the floor.  They won't fret about it.  Always ask for the house made mustard and duck sauce if you're getting take-out.  Bummed Baskin Robbins closed. . .as for years we'd stuff outselves on Beef & Brocoli and then waddle down for a pint of Mint Choc Chip.BE CAREFUL about drinking and driving.  CMPD and even Pineville patrol the area on a regular basis.  Better to get a cab than put yourself in that situation.
3	I went to Great Wall for lunch since I was spending some time at Carmel Commons on patrol for my company. I hadn't eaten there in a very long time. I believe the last time I was there was at a Wednesday night supper with the Queen City Corvette Club. As I remembered it then the food was good but the service was iffy. Well fast forward to September 2012. The food is still good. I had a daily special called Twice Spiced Scallops that was rather good. Their sweet tea tasted better than say sweet tea from Cracker Barrel. I was seated next to the large aquarium. The only thing that wrecked the ambiance was the small child screaming at the top of her lungs about lobsters and the clueless parent who thought that the youngsters screaming was akin to angels singing. I would have ejected both of them.
3	I went on a saturday night and was quite surprised that there wasn't anybody in there. The waiter wasn't exactly friendly but he wasn't rude either. My friend and I started with the egg rolls, and those were on point!!! I dipped it into the homemade duck sauce and that was good. It also came with some yellow sauce and that was horrible!I ordered the beef and broccoli and that was pretty good. Would I come here again? Not quite sure because I don't live in the quail hollow area. Just know that I wouldn't come out of my way to get here.
3	Stopped in for lunch, they have a pretty good lunch menu with comes Ruth steamed it fried rice and a spring or egg roll...I tried the trio with shrimp, chicken and beef and they make it spicy! The food was hot when it arrived at the table and that extra spicy sauce really added to the flavor, I chose the steamed rice which was also very delicious and a perfect combination with the trio!Everything was good enough to make me want to return and try something else!
3	The food not disappointing, not only is the food good but the place is clean. The portions are LARGE, and you get a lot of meat. Fun place to eat.
3	This would be an A-OK (-).  We have been here a number of times over the past two years and recently moved back to the Charlotte environs.  So, on a windy, rainy night my wife and I came back.  I had lunched there a few weeks ago, so wanted my wife to experience CW again and get her opinion.The lunch was very average, at best.Beautiful decor and atmosphere.  Giant illuminated tropical fish tank and a snappy-dressed manager/owner tending the front desk.  Very authentic as a lot of ethnic Chinese patronize the Great Wall.  And the wait staff speaks English as I speak Spanish:  like immigrants.  Can be hard understand and though they know the menu by rote, asking for exceptions, like no baby corn or mushrooms, leaves one wondering if the message was received as sent.Portions are large, but the accompanying rice is a niggardly amount.  Probably a cost-saving measure, but a bit too frugal as the sign of a good host in my Asian experiences is that there is a lot of rice, ditto with tortillas in the Mexican culture.We both ordered "spicy" and I asked for extra spicy.  If you like spice, you need to make your case as they are cautious in burning you out. Brown sauces reign, with a few dishes coming with lighter white sauces.  I mention this because one has to have a very discerning palate to distinguish one brown sauced dish from another. Am certain that cooking to local tastes has a play in this, but than again, there are a lot of Chinese eating here.The menu has both chef specials and more typical, America-wise, dished listed by category.  Not many noodle choices.GW is a nice place for a date or even a romantic occasion.  You will get plenty to eat, but don't expect your socks to be knocked off by their average, similar tasting dishes.  Very average, at best.
5	I have been going to Great Wall since 1983. It has always been great and it's the restaurant by which I judge all other Chinese restaurants. It is consistent, reasonably prices, good services and delicious food. The staff is very courteous and I am always well served. If I ever do have a problem, they are more than compliant. Great place.
3	Not a bad chinese place. They had a buffet on Sunday which looked good although I choose not to go that route. The staff was very friendly and the place looked clean. I wonder about the bar area though. How long has some of those bottles been up there? Sesame Chicken- below averageEgg roll - Above average
3	Went for dinner - large portions for the priceWe ordered vegetarian dishes and both dishes had a lot and I mean a lot of oil. The eggplant in garlic sauce was flavorless and not at all spicy even though we asked for spice.The mixed veg in garlic sauce was decent - actually tasted the garlic.Waiters were constantly walking around and refilling water and making sure we didn't need anything.Also they serve these fried wonton strips with 2 sauces as soon as you sit down, which was nice and unexpected.
3	I came here with my in-laws to celebrate Father's Day. My Mother-In-Law called ahead and was told we could reserve the private room in the back. When we got there we were told that her name was mixed up with another woman, and that we would have to be seated in the main dining room. Not a big deal, but when you're told one thing and get another it's not the best way to start a meal. We ordered the crispy scallion pancakes, which were very good as an appetizer, and you get crispy noodles and sweet sauce for the table. I got the chicken lo mein for my dinner. Everyone else's food including mine, looked great, except for my sister-in-law. She was trying to be healthy and ordered tofu. Thinking she would get some vegetables, she didn't ask what else it came with. Let me tell you, it was only tofu, in some sort of brown sauce. It did not look very appetizing. I thought for the  amount people that were there, it took a little long to get our food, but once it came out I was more than happy. We were also able to use a restaurant.com gift card, but also know that the tip is added before you pay when you use one. Another great family dinner with the in-laws.
4	I've been going to GWoCS for several years, lunch, dinner, and takeout. The food is consitently good, especially our favorites, Special Trio, Mu Shu Pork, ribs appetizer, pork fried rice. The service is acceptable, if not friendly (language a problem, perhaps for some staff). One of the best local Chinese restaurants and I recommend you give it a try.
4	We came here after a living social deal.  We wanted to come here anyways as we live close and it is one of the last places in the shopping center we need to try.We were immediately seated.  Took a few minutes to get someone to us for a drink order, but after that service was fast.We both ordered egg rolls and two entrees (sesame chicken and some other pork meal).  The rolls were okay, but they had shrimp in them, I'm not a fan of shrimp, wish I had known!!  Aside from that, the entrees were HUGE!  We both had leftovers, and a huge plus that it was still good for two more nights!  Such great flavored food!  We will be back for more!My only other complaint is they added gratuity for the two of us, not sure if it was because of the living social deal or if that is normal, but we like to tip what we want.  Unfortunately our server got less than what we would haven given.
3	There's a Chinese menu in addition to the regular menu
4	We have been coming here for several years and the service and food varies to the day of the week and server. Week days are best, quick and attentive service. Shrimp in chili sauce is one of our favorite but the spiciness varies each time. Flower chicken is good if you like more on the bland side. Pork fried rice is consistently good just wish they could add spouts. Overall this is a fine restaurant
3	We went on Sunday night after buying Groupon Deal. The food is ok and no so great and veg lo mein was only thing that tasted good. The negative part is wait staff never came to ask how's the food and he was more interested in getting the tip since his shift ended at 9.00. They charged us 18% tip on the total bill (food +tax) plus 18 percent gratuity which makes no sense when waitor can't ask you how's the food or do we need anything else. It would have been better without a groupon deal and just to try. While leaving the owner was standing and never even said thanks for coming. We will not go to this restaurent again nor will recommend to our friends.
2	We had some friends out shopping and told them about this good Chinese place. It was big, but mostly empty...  which isn't a good sign to me at 12:00 noon on a weekday.  The ladies went ahead and I parked the car. The hostess told me that there were not three ladies sitting together. I know they just walked in ahead of me. I spotted them in the corner.First impression: the place is old and in need of some updates. It was really dark inside. There were far too many employees on staff for a restaurant with so few patrons.   They sat us at a booth in the corner.  Our table was served the traditional bowls of watered down hot mustard and pink duck sauce...  the fried noodles were too done almost burnt, a disappointment.  We had four people at our table. I ordered Hot and spicy scallops, fried rice and an egg roll.  Two people in our party ordered chicken broccoli with fried rice and egg rolls. One ordered chicken with cashews fried rice and an egg roll. The hot and sour soup was delicious and just the right temperature. When the food arrived, the portion sizes seemed correct and the fried rice was tasty with egg, peas and pork pieces in it.  I'm sad to say that the rice was the best part of our plates. One person got white rice instead of fried rice as ordered. The waitress did offer to get the fried rice.  My scallops were undercooked and stringy and mushy, I could tell they were almost done but just barely edible. It tasted very much like the brown sauce was burnt.  The egg rolls were overcooked and almost burnt.  The aquarium was nice and we enjoyed it for a few minutes on the way out. I had eaten here before and it was much better in the past. So they Great Wall is not so great. Maybe just have some soup for lunch. Sad to say I won't take friends here again.
4	Reading other reviews, I haven't experienced any inconsistancy in service or food quality, to me, it's always excellent. However, I always get the same dishes. I will say that their weekend buffet is nowhere as good as their regular entrees, so I no longer go for the buffet. Special Trio is one of the best dishes I've ever had, spicy and flavorful. Still one of the best Chinese places in town.
4	Came here with some co-workers to try this place out.  The decor inside is very nice, with fish tanks and even an ivory tusk.  Since this is no cheap buffet place, we were seated to a table and had two menus, one for lunch and the other specials.  I choose the special, which was spicy shredded meat (forgot name) with celery and carrots with pork fried rice and egg roll.  The table with provided with complimentary bowl of crisps with sweat sauce and mustard sauce; they were not stale, so kudos there.  I also ordered a sweat tea (came with lemon), it was sweat and not watered down.The meal itself was indeed spicy, but not too overpowering since I didn't sweat.  The fried pork rice was very good and the shredded meat with veggies complimented one another.  The egg roll was fat and yummy.  Overall, it was all very good and was able to clean the plate.The menu and prices provided during lunch is what you would find at many other Chinese restaurants in the area, so there is nothing unique.  However, the flavors and how its prepared is definitely better than some in the area; this place is worth another visit.
4	This is not your typical take-out Chinese restaurant, but worth it.  The restaurant is clean and has a mellow vibe. Food wise, i would recommend the crispy shrimp and crispy scallops. For the price you get good quality Chinese food and not to mention, their portions are generous.
4	This is the Real Deal. Classic American Chinese food served fresh and hot with excellent service. I can't believe that I had never eaten here until I got a Groupon. I even suffered severe" Groupon Guilt" when the meal was over and the check came. To be completely honest I could not bring myself to use it on my first visit. The food had been too wonderful. The wait staff was too good.  I ordered 3 entrees that day...figuring I would take home the leftovers. I had scallion chicken made with dark meat chicken (your choice)  , fresh vegetables with tofu ( medium spicy) and chicken and broccoli . All were outstanding.. The atmosphere is hard to find anymore. Three large aquariums dominate the two levels of dining area. I chose a booth in the bar area that is right next to one of the tanks.It is soo relaxing to just watch the fish swim. You understand why Drs offices always had aquariums back in the 1900s.If you are looking for a Chinese food "fix" this is the place. I am tired of the little dingy take-out joints that are  in every strip mall. This place is an escape to a more sophisticated era of Chinese restaurants in Charlotte. I also tried the lunch buffet and it was excellent. Enjoy.
4	Been here a couple times and the food has always been really good.  It helps persuade me to come here when Groupon nudges me.Sa Cha Chicken and the Hot & Spicy Pork were on our plates today.  Both were delicious.  Their lunch specials are around $7 and come with rice and either an egg roll or spring roll.  Their sauces are good and their vegetables are fresh... that is what I crave when I am there.I also had the hot & sour soup - very good. Some places have a weird version of it - but not here.  Worth a try.  Yum.
3	After reading about some recent reviews, I decided to stop by to check out the lunch specials. Unfortunately I went on a Sunday, when they only offer the buffet. So, after reviewing the buffet options, and noticing it was $9.50, I figured why not. The Sunday buffet offers two soups, wings, two rices (brown & white) and 9 entrees, including beef with broccoli, sweet and sour chicken and shrimp, beef with peppers, seafood with cashews among a few. I started with the egg drop soup and wasn't thrilled, a little luke warm. However, the fried chicken wings were good. As for the entrees, I tried the beef with broccoli, which was the first to go, and the cashew seafood, general tso's chicken and sweet and sour chicken. All were good, but overall I prefer fresh meals, served hot and fresh. Although they seemed to fill the trays often, they seemed to go pretty quickly and those that remained definitely lacked in heat. Overall everything was good & servers seem to be all around to assist with anything. I am just not a buffet person, but will return on a weekday to check out a preferred dish only.
5	I've been going to The Great wall of China South for quite a while. The owner Alex and the staff always accommodate to your liking. I am a pescatarian so I don't know how their meats are however I can tell you about a few of their dishes. My all time favorite dish is one of their specialties the "Crispy Scallops". The portion size is very generous & the scallops are sweet. This does not come with any vegetables. I recommend ordering the mixed vegetables with brown sauce. I always tell them to make the sauce spicy :) For appetizers the "Steamed Veggie Dumplings" are amazing with a sweet soy sauce. The "Crab Rangoon" is okay. The "Spring Rolls" are greasy but good. Make sure to have extra napkins. Also I've tried the "Sa Cha Scallops" during lunch and definitely a yummy dish! Although I like it very spicy. The restaurant is always clean and they have stayed consistent on everything for many years. Love this place!! Always keeps me coming back
4	Excellent choice.  Food was tasty.  Portions were plentiful.  Service was attentive, but not overly so.We enjoyed Hot 'n Sour Soup, Lettuce Wraps appetizer, Beef in Garlic Sauce and Hunan Chicken.Meats were tender and cooked to perfection.  Sauces were delicious--not overpowering or drowning the food like you find in some restaurants.The Lettuce Wraps were delicious and were easily a meal for two, all by themselves.  A great choice for a night out or with the family.
2	I have been going here for many, many years but on my last visit, the food was terrible.  The crispy shrimp was soggy and the egg rolls had a horrible taste and smell.  I was told by the lady at the front desk they were homemade but that was incorrect.  I have had fresh, homemade egg rolls and when you bite into them, you see the fresh cabbage inside.  What Great Wall of China South serves is cheap, frozen egg rolls.  I won't be back.
5	The BEST Chinese in charlotte. My boyfriend and I are regulars there. The food is amazing and the fish tanks are beautiful. If you are a vegetarian like myself they have plenty of option. I get the mixed veggies in brown sauce, SO GOOD!
1	Absolutely horrible experience. We were seated and drink order was taken by that person. Few mins later drinks were dropped off by a different person who said waitress would be over to take our order. Then 10 mins later someone came over and asked us if we wanted appetizers which we did and ordered Crab Rangoons and Spare Ribs. This person said someone would be back to take our order. Never happened. The apps came out and the guy said again someone would come take our order. So we ate our apps and still no one. No one even acknowledged us, I had to flag someone down and I said "I think our waitress has forgotten about us..." The man says "what you want" ummm to order? Hes like "Yes, what you want just staring at us, no smile or apology. So we ordered and got our food about 10 mins later. Had to wait forever for our check. I think we had a different server every time someone stopped by. The Crab Rangoons were simply not Crab Rangoons. There was no cream cheese flavor whatsoever. I am not sure what they were, but not what I was expecting. The Shrimp Fried Rice tasted ok but the Shrimps were full of poo. Not deveined and completely packed with poo. Just disgusting. Wonton soup flavor was good but the actual wontons must have had a teaspoon of ginger in them. Strong and not really what I was expecting in a wonton...Whole dinner sucked. To top it off there was vomit all over the womens bathroom floor. No idea why this place was full. Many great chinese restaurants around, this is not one.
1	This place is bad! The service is bad, the food is bad and the prices are high! With our party of 4, we had a similar experience as Christina L. Where different waiters/waitresses would come by and awkwardly take our order, then someone else would bring out that order and then someone else would arrive to help us further.. The crab rangoons were very small and tasted generic, like something I could buy frozen at food lion and the shrimp in our meals ALSO were not deveined... And every dish we ordered was flavorless and bland... The only thing I enjoyed was the wonton soup! And then at the end of our meal, around 9:45pm we stayed at the table to chat.. Being cautious that the restaurant hours printed on the door said they close at 11pm.. A waitress came to us at 10pm and said that they were closing and they needed us to pay now... O_o  So we got up to pay and leave and the cashier man ( looked like the manager ) was so cold.. He never asked how the food was or anything, just "this how much!" And swiped the cards... Such a waste of money and time.. Worst Chinese food ever!
4	Great Wall of China is a nice place. The food and service is consistently good. There is outdoor seating and there are large aquariums inside with some cool fish. It's not expensive, but it's more than a "china wok" kind of place obviously (food's a lot better too). High quality veggies, so don't pass them up.
3	The food is ok and  can be pricey, the staff is not very friendly and they seem upset all the time, maybe it's their personality. I had the ribs they were very dry, I will never have them again. The General Chicken is ok. I found this place to be average and expensive. The best time to go is on Sunday, they have a good buffett worth the money.
5	This is by far the best american style Chinese food you will find in Charlotte. You will pay a bit more but its well worth it because of the taste. They also have non American Chinese food but its off the menu and you just need to ask. I get this great noodle soup with veggies and chicken and its great. Taste like right from hong Kong
1	No go. Bought the Groupon despite the other reviews and decided to give this place a try. The location, atmosphere, and service were all good so no complaints there. The food however was not. I ordered the general chicken with brown rice and an egg roll. The chicken was all slimy dark meat and the flavor was nothing like general sauce but rather 100% strong garlic. I wasn't able to even eat hardly any of it because of the brown slimy meat. My husband ordered the garlic beef and he did not like the sauce at all. It had zero garlic taste, was way too thick, and overall wasn't very good. The egg roll was soft and mushy and is a shrimp roll so not your typical chicken/cabbage type. The place was super busy and I had high hopes, but ultimately the food itself was not good and we will not be back.
5	Since 1985 Great wall has focused on quality and great food. I live about 30 min away now and still come here to eat. Passing at least 10 other Chinese restaurants.
2	Gone downhill.  Service was awful.  Ordered soup, their "special" shrimp dish and pork fried rice.  The soup was served and that was the last we saw of our waiter for 45 minutes.  People who arrived well after us were served and left.  When finally the entree arrived it was relatively without taste.  Once we'd finished, we sat watching for our waiter, who never showed, before I got up, went of the cashier and asked for a check.  This has been one of our regular neighborhood go to restaurants for take out and dine in.  NEVER AGAIN!
4	I can only comment on carry out. I have ordered carry out food from here a number of times and am always impressed. I typically get a shrimp or chicken dish, and soup. It is definitely above average Chinese food. I guess that's why its more expensive than most Chinese places.
3	Great Wall has been in Charlotte longer than me - I got here in 1987 ! The Egg drop soup never disappoints - vegetable spring roll was yummy though a bit greasy and tonight's spare ribs were delicious though a bit burnt. Service is always good and the food for American Chinese is always good.   Over the past few years the food isn't up to where it was in the 80's(seems the quality has dropped)  but for American Chinese food it is good.  The restaurant is clean and the staff are eager to serve you.   Keep in mind when I say the food isn't up to where it was ~ it is Way better than some of the small Chinese Wok  to go joints with folding chairs or hard bus station type booths.  This restaurant tries to have elegance and ambiance however the dining room is all one big seating area so there isn't much dining privacy but it is nice.  The "to go" line is always busy - so apparently  most of the  locals all carry  home rather than dining in ! I am completely guilty of doing that too ! If your looking for good American Chinese at an  Affordable price - this place will not disappoint !Not the best in Charlotte but certainly a nice change if your looking for somewhere different to eat.
5	Best Chinese takeout in Pineville/south Charlotte area.  They've been here forever (I've been coming here since I was a kid). Busy for dinner on weekends so I always get takeout. Very friendly.
5	I called about 930 and the nice man ordered my food as the last order. I was starving Marvin and they were the only place to stay open and take my order. Such great people. And even better food. Must eat
2	My husband and I went this past Saturday for dinner. I saw a few Chinese people there eating and thought to myself this food will be great. Because I usually judge a restaurant for being authentic if their own people go. I was wrong. The wait staff leaves a lot to be desired, the hosts are great. However, the gentleman passed by me literally 8 times and did not refill my water for a good 15 minutes. I basically had to flag him down and tell him to please refill it. We ordered the sesame cold noodles. Which I love the peanut sauce but way too much soy in there so it came off extremely salty. Also we order the favorite shrimp (which is that sweet mayo shrimp) and sesame chicken. Okay the favorite shrimp was disgusting. The sauce tasted old and I couldn't even stomach to eat it. The side of broccoli was just drizzle with soysauce and salty!  the sesame chicken was average however I did enjoy how they didn't soak it in sauce. I asked for extra vegetables and we were charged more for it but got literally just a spoon full of vegetables. Jade Asian Fusion and Dim Sum tastes so much better
3	Great for large groups! They have rooms with tables that can accomodate up to 12 at one table equipped with a large lazy susan. Food is also usually fast. I say usually as one dinner trip, it took us close to 45 min to be served and tables that came in after us were served before us and we saw one couple leave after waiting for a while. Service is a hit or miss, really depends on the day and who serves you. We have seen bad and we have seen great but keep in mind it isn't a five star French restaurant when setting expectations. Decor is a bit dark and dated. Not a big deal for us, we will continue to visit as we heart their mapo tofu. Mangolian beef with the soft wraps and chinese broccoli with oyster sauce are also on our reg list. Often comes up on Groupon, we usually buy one our two.
5	ASK FOR THEIR SECRET CHINESE MENU FOR CHINESE. IF YOU ORDER ORANGE CHICKEN & EGG ROLL AND COMPLAIN, WELL FUCK YOU.That being said, the beef in chili oil is gorgeous, string bean with pork is fantastic, special recommendation goes to wontom in hot oil. The staff is very friendly and knowledgable. This place is native Chinese foodie approved!
3	It's relatively empty for a Sunday afternoon. I think that there are 4 tables altogether with diners. I ordered a spring roll, and an egg roll. They were fairly tasteless and warm. I think Chef Mike is at work. The spareribs were nice and hot and meaty. We saved the bones for the dogs. Our waitress gave us a small bag to put them in. Well our entrees arrived and we had both ordered orange beef. Hers was mild and mine was supposed to be hot and spicy. Mine was not spicy at all, what a shame. The orange sauce was nice but there was very little rind present. The meat was very chewy. Overall I really don't think that we'll be coming back again. Three stars for the wonderful aquariums and our waitress,  the food was a complete miss.
