3	A little slow on service. Good selection of fast food items. Kids like the chili cheese dog and the kids strip combo.
2	we came here for lunch I ordered the sweet Deal pick 3 for 4$ just had a regular cheeseburger ,onion rings, and a drink . The food came out quick a little too quick cause they did a poor job making the cheeseburger had way too much Mustered and Ketchup and was all over the wraper just oozing out the sides the onion rings were pretty good
5	Grill and Chill has a great big area for the patio, almost doubles the size of the store inside. I was in this particular Dairy Queen for a complimentary tasting of some food items, since I mostly come to DQ for an occasional Blizzard.The tasting included a basket of six chicken fingers with freshly made golden fries to share. I ordered a 1/4 lb hamburger with char broiled beef, Swiss cheese and thinly sliced mushrooms plus with more fries. The burger melted the cheese into the bun and the mushrooms tasted great with the rest of it. You could tell that the food is of a higher quality, which was confirmed by an employee later.The chicken strips came with a large honey mustard sauce bucket. The employee also mentioned I should try their gravy, so I went with that idea. The breading on the chicken strips was just enough to make it crispy, but not so much it would create issues with skin in my mouth.So the biggest surprise is that you can go to DQ for more than just a dessert or treat. They have good salads with freshly char broiled skinless chicken, which I also sampled, and that came out hot and fresh. A recommended stop for their value menu and a treat.
4	Who doesn't remember going to Dairy Queen as a kid? That was a summer treat growing up, we all piled in the car and headed down to the local Dairy Queen and get a 'dipped cone'. If you haven't tried one of these, you better, it's yummy good! The soft served ice cream is made to size in the traditional cone then dipped into warm melted chocolate, as it cools down, it forms a shell that become hard as the chocolate cools. My favorite time to get the cone is just as it's dipped and the chocolate is still slightly warm and soft, it hasn't had time to harden. But that warm soft melt doesn't last long and it turns hard pretty quick. There are other items on the menu that are worth trying. Over the years there are still staples like the banana split and the traditional "Sunday". But they have made improvements to the menu and added a bunch of new flavors that you can get in the blizzard fashion. And if you are craving a burger, fries and a shake can get it as well. Overall, a good place to stop in and enjoy has soft served ice cream.
5	This is a nice dairy queen. Plenty of parking. Seating inside is spacious. Friendly staff and no complaints w the ice cream. And they didn't complain when I requested a cup of water with my blizzard. The old dairy queen posters and flyers on the wall add a nice touch of nostalgia.
2	I purchased an ice cream cake from this location, so my review is solely based on the "cake". I picked the cake up from the freezer section - 10 inch with decorations for about $27. The cashier offered to add writing for free, but I passed on that.The cake held up pretty well in the summer heat in the 20 minutes that it took me to get home. Points for being firm?I think it's really wrong to call the concoction a cake. There's absolutely no cake in the "cake". There's some sort of cookie crumble in the center of overly sweet chocolate and vanilla ice cream. It's frosted like a cake. I will add that the frosting was tasty. I was just missing the cake.I guess I shouldn't give them too hard of a time. Crab cakes do exists, so maybe the name is based on the shape?
4	Dairy Queen really does not need a review.  Only place better for icecream is your mom and pop stores.  Place was clean, service was quick (oh yeah, we were the only ones in there).  $7.80 seems a little high for 1 wafflecone and 1 icecream in a cup.
4	This is a tale and review of but a single dish.Sometimes nothing tops off a meal better than a cool Dairy Queen ice cream treat--especially after spicy fare like the Guacamole Dip and other fusion cuisine served at KoMex.  In this case, after a late lunch, a short drive to Dairy Queen had the desired effect of quenching the KoMex flames and soothing the gut with just one medium-sized chocolate-dipped Dairy Queen cone.  That cone was savored for 15 minutes while enjoying the creamy interior goodness and breaking hard chocolate outer shell that it had to offer before polishing off its ridged cake exterior with the cool vanilla ice cream still inside.  This particular Dairy Queen restaurant also offers cherry and butterscotch dips, and chocolate Dairy Queen ice cream as well as the vanilla variety.  But there is something about the unadorned vanilla that simply has not been exactly replicated anywhere else.  Like Coca-Cola, one day someone really got the formula right, and as a result many years later Dairy Queen is still very much in business, now pleasing new generations of consumers.  To keep those flavor memories alive and try something new, I picked up a box of Butterscotch Dilly Bars on my way out the door!And, if you are wondering why a four-star rating instead of five-, my cone had a slight break in its side that exposed a bit of white ice cream delight as it was handed to me.
4	The staff has always been friendly to me. The inside dining area & bathrooms have always appeared to be clean. The one complaint I have is with the drive-thru. The last time I was there, it took around 6 minutes to receive 1 blizzard and 1 dipped cone. While sitting in my car @ the drive-thru window, you can see inside part of the kitchen, and it just looked dirty. They could really clean up the slushy machine a little bit since their customers are pretty much faced with that while waiting on their ice cream.
1	Absolutely ridiculous !! We stopped in after dinner and ordered a vanilla milkshake and 2 small blizzards.  After 30 mins and 5 orders after ours being filled ... We gave up and asked for a refund. The manager seemed to care less.  Horrible customer service.  I wish there was an option to select 0 stars
1	If I could give no stars I would. Every time we get a hair to have chocolate Ice Cream, this location does not have it. Were sick of it! Last time we went through drive through waited 10 minutes to order and we cant get chocolate ice cream because they stop serving it at night on the weekends!!! Then we had to wait another 20 minutes to leave because of the people in front of us. Customer service was HORRIBLE! This location has lost our business and we started going to marble slab creamery right up the street! And they have chocolate ice cream ALL the time!
4	The blizzard mini was just enough temptation to allow me to feel like I did get junk food without feeling like I ate junk food. Love the blizzards and they are worth the drive. Not a fan of the Julius anymore. It just wasn't the same as when we wow acid-washed jeans and hung out at the mall. I can't pinpoint what was wrong-perhaps the decade.....
5	When does one visit Dairy Queen and leave in a bad mood? For me, that would be a very difficult task. The staff was sweet, but honestly, how can you hate someone who hands you a Blizzard? Fat chance! Haha.I grew up eating DQ and their Dipped Cones, so this is no new frontier to me. However, I stopped getting their for a long time because the location closest to me shut down. When a friend showed me this location, I fell in love with Dairy Queen all over again.My brother and sister and I recently visited this location for a Valentine's lunch date and we were more than satisfied. The day was beautiful, so we chose a table outside on the patio. Currently, DQ is offering a $5 lunch special that includes your choice of a burger, chicken tenders, or a hot dog, as well as fries, a drink, and a sundae (can be upgraded to a small Blizzard for $1). My sister and I ordered chicken tenders  and my brother got a burger. My sister and I were hesitant that the portion would be too small, but it was just right. This is a great deal!We all upgraded to Blizzards and all also ordered the same flavor: French Silk Pie. This was my second time getting this Blizzard and it was just as wonderful as the first time. This Blizzard comes with cookie pieces, melt in your mouth shards of milk chocolate, and a billowy topping of whipped cream on top. So delicious. Get it!This most recent visit to DQ was perfect, I can't wait to come back again!Oh, a tip, if you're a fan of that "good ice" (all of you who are know what I'm talking about - the mini spherical pieces of ice that make soda taste that much better), they serve it here. Yay!
3	I absolutely LOVE their strawberry cheesecake blizzard... Everytime I go everyone that works there looks pissed off like they hate their job... Customer service is about NEGATIVE 5! but the ice cream is +5
3	I moved nearby about 6 months ago and since then, whenever I stop by or drive past this location, I see a sign out front saying "under new management" or "under new ownership". Don't remember which one. I would have thought by now they would have taken that sign down. I can only imagine how long that sign has been up. I only go through the drive thru so it makes it convenient. First few visits were okay. Made me think they must have changed their ways from previous management. Until one day I asked for a specific blizzard and was given something different. I didn't mind it too much. Was surprised they messed it up since they repeated my order when I was at the window.One day my girlfriend and I grabbed a quick dessert and as I approached the ordering area, I voice came through the speaker. He said everything they normally say but this guy greeted me with a weird sounding voice like he distorted his voice by holding his nose and spoke. I didn't think much of it until he proceeded to talk again but this time using his regular voice and sound normal. I thought was very rude and disrespectful. The guys working inside made it seem like it was all fun and games working there. I would not call that s great customer experience. Still makes me wonder about that sign about new management.
2	Ordered two blizzards, two cones and two smoothies, it took nearly 30 mins!! Their were 5 ppl working and yet service so slow. NEVER again.
3	I've been here twice since I moved to Vegas. First time they were really slow we got a vanilla cone because they were out of chocolate and a blizzard. Took like ten minutes. Four months later I returned (today) and went through the drive thru this time. They didn't have chocolate ice cream again!! I sat there for probably five minutes waiting on the man in front of me to get his ice cream. Pull up and wait another 5 minutes. Opened up my food at home only to find the most disappointing shrimp basket. Totally bummed me out.
1	Worst Dairy Queen ever. Slow service at the drive thru, cold greasy fries, crystallized ice chips in ice cream, watered down gravy, and even the chocolate was thin and tasteless. I have lived all over the US and eaten Dairy Queen many times. This is by far the worst of the worst! Even the toast in my chicken strip basket had no butter and was dry. I have tried on 3 separate trips to get decent food at this location, but it is apparent that isn't going to happen.
