5	A new eating spot has just opened up in Henderson off Water street. Plate lunch style island favorite food that remind me of a previous life back in Hawaii.  Former Mexican eatery has been transformed into a heart warming and delicious slice of what I miss most back in the islands. Wide open space greets you with a sound of traditional Hawaiian jams playing in  the dinning room. Walls are adorn with amazing paintings of Hawaii and beach scenes by no less than Lassen. It's the kind of place that you can just totally chill and make you feel like your back on King street having lunch. Nice little menu covers all the item you would look for if your were raised on the island. Saimin, check, Teri Beef, yup and ya Spam Musubi. Put together by a father and son team whom warmly greet you and make you feel more like a friend of the family than a customer. It's been a long time since I've said I'll be back tomorrow but ya see ya guys for lunch.
4	This place is legit!  Who knew I would hit  the jackpot discovering  this Hawaiian restaurant in a small strip area of downtown Henderson. They just opened about a week ago. Service -  Very friendly and attentive. It took a little time for our order to come out, but hey it is a Hawaiian joint on Hawaiian time (wink) Our server did come by to let us know the status while we waited. Ambiance -   The ambiance gave off the Aloha vibe with the paintings and music of Hawaii. It could use a lil spit shining  though (like store windows w/o fingerprints and carpets cleaned) but that's just me being real nit picky.Food -  Well you better make sure when you come here you are REAL hungry!! They serve you enough food to feed 2 people! Seriously!  Their menu offer some of my fave  comfort foods of the islands..Loco Moco, Kalua Pig, Chicken Katsu, Saimin, Teri Beef, different plate lunches and even Korean style beef plate.I ordered their signature Saimin dish called the The Islander. Check out the pic I took..cause the presentation of my dish was a Yelp worthy photo!   It came in the HUGE bowl, looked more like serving bowl to me, but the owner said that was the regular size.  He said they there was a bigger size than what I had.   The Saimin was steaming hot, noodles are made fresh, the broth spiced just enough, portugeese sausage was grilled,  fried egg, and napa cabbage was a great touch to this delish dish.   You could also add potstickers or fried coconut shrimp for extra fee.  I loved every drop of my noodle soup!  Couldn't finish it though and NOTE: the Saimin is only available for dine-in, since they do not have the right packaging/containers for this amount of soup (that's what I assume)My husband ordered the large "Ali'i"  mixed plate of Teri beef and Kalua pig...and I kid you not it was the largest serving of mix plate dish Ive seen around here. Big portions of both beef and Kalua pig.  I tasted a little bit of Kalua pig and it was very tender and tasty, like the local places I had over on the islands.  Pretty sweet we have ono grinds on this side of Henderson now.  These guys do Hawaiian food right.  I cant wait to try the other dishes on their menu.
4	When a new food joint opens up in downtown Hendertucky, the County and City employees who work there hear about it fairly quickly because it gets old going to the same joints over and over.  We've seen places come and go, but this new spot has added some much needed color.  To celebrate Fat Tuesday, a friend and I decided to eat hearty and try our luck here.  I'd already heard how slow the service can be, so, just to be safe, I called our order in a half hour ahead of our arrival time.  When we arrived just before noon, there was only one table occupied--we should have our food in no time, right?  Uh, no.  We still had to wait another ten minutes for our food--really?  The good news is that the food was delicious!  I had the Honolulu Plate:  Korean beef with two scoops of rice and mac salad for $7.95 and my gal pal had the Teriyaki Chicken sandwich with fries for $6.95.  We both loved our dishes, so we'll be back, but we'll be calling our orders in way ahead of time, every time.
5	Delicious local kine of food.  Waiting to try the Kahlua and cabbage when its available .  Can't wait to go back again.  Worth the wait, just remember your on Hawaiian time when you walk inside.
1	No matter how good and comforting the food is, a place is only as good as its staff...and decor.  The one thing I thought of when I entered this restaurant is, "oh-em-gee."  This place was super old and the carpet was dirty and stained.  The next thing I thought was if the food was bad, I would call Robert Irvine from Restaurant Impossible on The Food Network.  LOL.The front of the restaurant didn't have a podium where someone greeted you, so I literally stood in front by the first table (which was covered in magazines and newpapers) for a couple of minutes.  I figured someone was going to greet me from the back, since the door beeped as I walked in.  No one came.  In the back of the restaurant, I noticed a register looking stand so I proceeded back there and someone came out from the back to finally greet me.  There wasn't a sitting area for takeouts, so I sat at a round table closest to the kitchen. The Staff- The man I assume was the owner, wore a Hawaiian shirt with jeans and flip flops and was called uncle by the other staff members.  Now I'm all about creating an ambiance through the staff, but I'm also sure that flip flops (or slippers if you're from Hawaii) isn't allowed in the kitchen.  There was also a male food runner who wore jeans, skater shoes and a hat backwards and a female server who wore a black top, black flats and short jean shorts.  What I'm trying to say is that if you want casual, you got it.  The only reason why it seemed odd, was because the place was an old mexican restaurant style decor and very relaxed dress code.  Basically, nothing came together visually.The takeout experience-  I sat at the round table, hoping to order a takeout plate and leave.  It took almost 10 minutes before the server finally came by to take my order.  I found it odd, because the entire restaurant had 30 tables and only 2 of them were taken with other guests, so I KNOW they weren't busy.  When she finally came by, she didn't know the menu at all.  She also had some trouble writing my order correctly on her pad so the owner came to help. LOL.  I wanted the mix plate, with Honolulu Beef and Mauna Loa Chicken which came out to $9.67 after taxes.  She didn't know how to write that down on her pad.  I almost laughed out loud when the owner told her: "write down mix plate, hyphen, and then Honolulu slash Mauna Loa."  HAHAHAHA.  She then said, "oh, now I get it."  Oh brother...I also asked her to please make it mild.  I do not like spicy foods.As I sat in the restaurant, I noticed Hawaiian music playing and the pictures on the walls reminded me of back home, not to mention the "hang loose" attire from the staff.  I will be calling Robert Irvine, though, because of the food:Mix plate, inlcuded two choices, macaroni salad and white rice.  My choices were:Honolulu Beef (Beef marinated in Korean Teriyaki style sauce and then grilled)- The flavor of the meat was really good and made me happy.  The excess Korean Teriyaki style sauce was soaked up by the rice underneath it and made a very great combination!  One small tip, the meat was borderline dry.Mauna Loa (as stated on the menu, "their signature dish," dark meat chicken with sauce, ordered mild, medium or hot)- This was TERRIBLE.  The dark meat was way too dry.  As I waited for the food to arrive, I noticed that something was being cooked in a microwave. I heard the door close and someone hitting what sounded like microwave buttons.  I was truly convinced that this chicken was previously cooked, then nuked in the microwave later in the evening.  That's how dry it was.  They did try to sauce it up with their "signature" sauce, which is just Mae Ploy, sweet chili sauce.  I also asked my server to make sure it was mild and I got a really hot flavor.  I ended up not finishing this OR the rice under it.Mac Salad- Macaroni with cheap mayonaise and really BIG pieces of cracked pepper.  Too much pepper.  As I read other reviews, I'm a little shocked to hear about those "great" experiences.  Maybe me coming towards closing time was a factor.  Certainly not an excuse and with that being said, the one lesson I personally learned today:  Please take that extra 10 minutes to drive down the road to Aloha Kitchen on Marks and Sunset, across from Galleria!
5	I really hate to do a review of this place because I;m afraid that once people learn how good this place is that I will have trouble getting in when I do feel like good Hawaiin food.  This place is family owned and run, from what I can tell, and they have a different way of serving.  Everything is fresh made, you can tell because your meals don't always come out together.  The server must be the son or nephew and you can tell is new at what he is doing.  They do improve on service each time I go there but it gives you plenty of chat time with whomever you are dining with.  That's now what I go there for, the food is fantastic!!!!!!!!  The Mauna Loa Chicken is amazing.  I keep trying something different on the mix plate but still have the chicken.  The macaroni salad that comes with the meal will leave you asking, wow that was good, what was in it?  I could go on but if you want something different give Islander's Grill a try and i''m sure you won't be disappointed.
5	Great food! Not too busy yet, but am sure once more people discover it, that won't be the case. Oh, and make sure you aren't in a hurry. There is only father and son running the entire place, so be patient!Kahlua pig was perfect (not too salty like most places) and Mac salad is the best I've ever had. Put this place on your to-do list! :)
5	This place is great, when you step inside you get transported to Hawaii. Everyone I talked to was extremely nice and polite. The place was a nice throw back to being in Hawaii. The waiter was extremely nice, he even told me what I should get next time. The food I got was great, the Mac salad was seriously the best I've ever had. Whoever complains about it must have a problem with their taste buds. I will come back to this place as often as I can. I hope the owners the best and hope they have a successful time with this restaurant. I don't know what Rockne is talking about, giving it 1 star. It's those kind of people that ruin this website for me. Remember what your mother taught you. If you don't have anything nice to say, don't say it at all.
4	If you have ever been to the islands of Hawaii, there is a good chance you understand the concept of 'island time'. If not, this is the gist of it: Life on the islands is so relaxing, everyone moves slower. If you can handle a bit of a wait, Islander's Grill is definitely worth a try!My husband and I spent a very enjoyable week in Honolulu a few years back and I still remember the delicious the pig we ate at the luau we attended, so when he suggested we try Islander's Grill for dinner recently I was all for it. We specifically made the decision to head over to Islander's a little earlier then we wanted to dine, anticipating the long wait that some reviewers commented on... The building that Islander's Grill is in was formerly a Mexican restaurant and you can certainly tell. With the economy the way it is these days I can't say I blame the owner for not spending a ton to redecorate... The music definitely brought us back to those lovely days spent on the beach.The owner greeted us,  and told us to have a seat wherever we wanted. He came back shortly and took our drink orders. A female waitress brought the drinks out and took our order. We both got the mixed plates with Kahlua Pig, my husband also had the Mauna Loa Chicken and I had the Chop Steak (but with chicken instead of beef). Mixed plates also come with rice and macaroni salad. My husband also ordered a dinner salad. The dinner salad was excellent for a dinner salad. The lettuce was crisp and fresh, and it included mushrooms which I rarely see in a basic dinner salad. Our mixed plates were also excellent. First off, the amount of food you get is no joke.The aroma from the sweet and spicy Mauna Loa Chicken on my husband's plate was very inviting, but I didn't bother trying it, as I was too busy with my own plate. The pig was amazing, moist and flavorful. My Chop Steak/Chicken had broccoli, onions, peppers and carrots in addition to the tender meat. Neither dish was over-sauced, so you really got to taste the meat. We ended up taking home half of our food, and making sandwiches out of the meat... DELICIOUS! And considering we only paid a bit over $20 for dinner, talk about a steal! Remember: Patience is a virtue... And good food takes time! If you can handle waiting for quality, tasty, authentic island grub, give Islander's Grill a try!
5	This place is off Water street in Old Henderson on Pacific adjacent to the El Dorado casino.  It has a cozy dive feel.  I can eat, and this place has very sizable portions.  I mean they have plates in the Ali'i size (Ali'i meaning chief or noble class) and it implies that' it's bigger. Oh yeah, it is.  this place is relatively new. The owner and the server who greeted us were very attentive and made small talk with us.  I had the Honolulu plate (in Ali'i size of course), also the chicken katsu, teriyaki chicken plate, ahi poke, and mac salad.  I can't confirm but I do believe they have a hint of MSG. So just a heads up.  I'm pretty much immune to some bad effects of MSG so it's a non issue for me. This food is tasty and full of flavor.  I will definitely go back!
1	Probably not coming back to this place until they get the kinks worked out!! Didn't get all of our food until an hour after we got here.. One server who kept asking us what we ordered forgot our drinks ,ran out of drinks forks were dirty. They even let the server go during her shift, so we had to go and tell them what we ordered.BAD SERVICE!!! The owner didn't even come out to check on any of his customers!! Six months and still haven't gotten your system down?! There's not a lot to choose from, if they don't figure it out they won't last much longer!! Sad to say, you always want Hawaiian owned business to thrive but not everyone can make it.
3	On a Saturday afternoon, we had the mix plate (teriyaki steak and k???? (sweet+spicy) chicken) and the loco moco using a groupon, 10 for $20. each meal was 10. - empty welcome. no one was there to greet us so we just sat ourselves. 10m later the waitress came and said hello. - there were 2 other parties and it took about 20m for us to get our food. a bit too slow.- teriyaki steak was great. not as good as island flavor, but it came with bellpeppers, onions, and chopped carrots. - the sweet and spicy chicken was good as well. we had it made medium and was perfect for us- the loco moco gravy was too "liquidy". it made the rice too soft. not much flavor.- the hamburger was made well. very tender meat and comes apart nicely. - lots of rice. - mac salad was average. - so much space. add karaoke! a TV!
3	So my wife and I both got honolulu beef plate and koeki special plate. We thought that they were exactly the same dish. There was no difference. Even the taste was the same. So we were disappointed with that. The food itself was alright. I feel like i have had better hawaiian food. If i had to compare, i think aloha kitchen was better.The staff was really helpful, they are personable and they will come to anyone's need.The price was a little more expensive. I didnt think we go that much food for the price we paid.
2	I read the reviews before I bought this Groupon and made it a point to get a rental car to go out to Henderson. It's in a funky little storefront in a deserted part of "downtown." I thought the place would be packed during the noon hour so we didn't get there until after 1:00. We were greeted by the owner and handed a couple xeroxed to-go type menus.  I ordered the big deluxe-o saimin and the BF ordered a chicken/beef combination with a side of kimchee.  A bit slow and scattered in the service even though there was only one other person in the restaurant.  The saimin was a beauty and had lots of goodies and chewy fresh noodles.  Mac salad was super plain and I've defintely made/had better.  A guy came through and gave us his business card for his bakery/restaurant further up the freeway. He also gave us a couple malasadas with custard filling.  Not sure how long the restaurant has been open, but it was really run down and it looked like they just moved in after the other owners checked out.  Could have done with a little sprucing up.  If I was down that way, I would probably stop, but I wouldn't make the drive from the Strip to eat here.
2	Came here because I bought the groupon, otherwise I don't think I would of ever stepped foot here.  Saw the reviews and thought it would be a fun little adventure coming to this part of Henderson, it honestly feels like a whole different world driving down Water St. My friend and I walk in to a totally empty restaurant, I'm assuming this is because it's far or the weekend? We order the Chicken Katsu (as recommended by Nelson Q.) and Honolulu special. Both were just kind of blah. The Katsu had a good breading, but no flavor to it at all and the sauce for it had some odd taste to it.  The Honolulu special had no special taste to it either, so it definitely needed the drenching of sauce that came with it. The service was kind bad too because it took awhile for my friend's water to get refilled and they honestly didn't look that busy because there was only 2 other parties there. The ambiance of the restaurant didn't add to it either considering it probably use to be a Mexican restaurant. As much as I like to support local businesses, this place is a no go for me. Thank God I had a groupon.
3	Normally i love Hawaiian eateries because being born and raised there i gotta support them.  So my friend and I went for check this place out.  We were the first ones there, so we sit down.  The decor in the place is very dated and ugly and looks like they never sweep the floors the night before.  One pest control guy came in and started spraying around the perimeter of the place.  The menus was just printed on paper, nothing fancy.  The wait was a long time almost an hour.  The food was pretty good though, but my friends mac salad scoop went look pretty small.  Overall i would probably take my family back there to try it out but thats about it.  The owner needs to rethink his business strategy.
3	Everything about this place was just okay. We had Teriyaki Chicken and Mauna Loa Chicken, and although not bad, the dishes were not particularly memorable or unique. The chicken was fine and the scoop of macaroni salad was bland until drenched in sauce. The service was minimal, but not terrible. The decor was hideous.  There was just not enough there to make me want to come back.
5	The food was 5 star. The staff was 5 star. The ambiance was ho-hum. It appeared that they were still getting in the groove of running a restaurant. However, the food and staff made up for it! Will be back.
3	I work in Henderson so I got a groupon for this restaurant. The food is VERY good, everything tastes delicious.Not ok - the waiting was so long, we waited at least 20 minfor the waiter to come to us, then at least 15 to 20 for our order.They need to hire more people because the place is cute and food is greatbut service is NOT ok.
3	If you're from Hawaii or just even love all things regarding the Hawaii(an) culture, and you live in 'old' Henderson, you realize how nice it is to have a location to fill your 'local foods' needs.3 minutes away from home is all it takes for me to get the super ono Mauna Loa chicken that I constantly think about when we are apart.The atmosphere could be more inviting, and I can think of a million ways to advertise and get more business, like karaoke contests and maybe even hula halaus performing on the makeshift stage in the restaurant. It would be all the more reason to come and enjoy and feel like you're back home on the islands. I'm sure their main focus is on the food and its value and taste, and I can definitely respect that. =)The food however, makes up the the lack of atmosphere. Decent price, and super big plates of food, just like back home. I can't wait for the weather to cool down because I'm anticipating a huge bowl of saimin.Another perk is that 808 island craves now shares space with the restaurant, and their desserts menu is AMAZING. Cakes, fresh malasadas with your choice of filling, even red velvet pancakes! Thumbs up and a shaka from me!
4	I'm giving 4 stars because the food was good (had Kalua pig and cabbage) but the wait was ridiculously long. I had a Groupon that was expiring soon so I waited. I ordered takeout and the server brought out two malasadas for us to try while we were waiting. They were really good so we ordered some to take home as well. They make them fresh to order so beware...it takes awhile and just added to our wait time. Had I known this I may have passed on them. They ended up throwing in 4 extra malasadas for our troubles, which was nice. Next time, I will call on my order so it's ready to go.
5	So I finally got the chance to come here and eat saimin. You know that saimin is comfort food for anything that troubles you.  I had the kekoa saimin.
4	So 8 months open and I have been here quite a few times now, so I guess it's time for an update. Service -  Looks like they now have someone who specifically works the front. Times we've been there lately there's a young lady working who greets and waits on tables. Service is friendly and on point. (ie drinks refilled, table cleared). Tables are bussed and cleared off right away. As far as timing for food to reach your table..well let's say your stomach is growling real loud by the time it finally reaches you. I appreciate though that it's cooked to order and everything is hot and fresh. Ambiance -  last review I mention carpets needed cleaning...I see they put the vacuum cleaner to good use!  I'm somewhat am getting used to the ugly rug.  Despite the ugly rug and funky looking chairs, this place manages to pull off the Aloha vibe from Hawaiian music playing in the background to the owner wearin his slippahs. lol.. They're so chill here. Food - Cant believe the many times I've been here and we're just now trying the Loco Moco! What???? Loco Moco pretty much tastes the same everywhere Ive been to so I never thought much about ordering it till the other day.  The version they make at IG stands out from other places Ive been too. Wow it's really good. For one thing, the burger patty used is real lean good quality ground beef, grilled, it's more like a huge hamburger steak! It's topped off with light color gravy sauce, which the entree could use more of since that hamburger steak is pretty big and they give you a lot of rice with it. The regular size is plenty. Mr. B ordered the Ali'i size and that was a huge serving. Enough to feed 2!  Oh and the added plus, now there is DESERTS!! It's not on the menu, but 808 Island Craves is located in here too! I tried Guri Guri for the first time and I loved it! I personally love the way malasadas are made here as well. (see my review for 808 Island Craves) It's good to see how this place is progressing.
2	I feel bad because I really want Islander's Grill to succeed... but after my last few attempts at eating there I have to dock them a couple stars, as I am no longer a fan and I have definitely experienced better. As I stated in my original review, this is a place where patience is a virtue.. Well, sometimes being patient can only get you so far... The last THREE times I have called in an order to go, I have been told that they were out of Kalua Pig (it was still cooking). Last time I called in an order not only were they out of the pig, and also the chinese chicken salad. Now, I can somewhat understand the pig situation as that takes hours to cook... But being out of a salad? I think management should consider changing their menu and only offering items such as the Kalua Pig as a special.Most of the time when I try to call in an order and Islander's says they do not have what I want, I change my plans and get food elsewhere. This most recent time I just decided to order something else. I was told my order would be ready in 35-45 minutes.When I arrived, I was not greeted. 5 people were seated at the booths furthest from the door, I walked up to them to ask about my order and was told it wasn't ready yet. And then just stares. No one offered me a drink, bothered to apologize for the wait or even offered to ring me up. The employees, and I am not even sure if they were employees or just friends of the owners, just socialized among themselves. I'd be lying if I said I didn't feel a little out of place...Finally, almost a full hour after I placed my order, the cook came out from the back with my food. If I wasn't an honest person, I would have eaten for free that night, as the cook assumed I had already paid. Like I said at the beginning of this update, I want this place to succeed. I like the food (the pig is fantastic, when it's available), and on a positive note: The restaurant appears to have been spruced up a bit. None of that matters though if I can't get the items I want consistently, or if I am made to feel so uncomfortable when I am there that I can not wait to leave. Oh, and contrary to other reviews, 808 Island Craves is NOT located here  anymore.
5	You can't judge a book by it's cover! I'm use to the Vegas life and upscale eating. Got a Radio Shopping Show Certificate to try this place. I saw it on Groupon, but missed out on it. The wife and I decided to try it out. We drove up and saw it's in an old mom and pop type store but very spacious in old downtown Henderson. But my stomach does't judge decor, it judges satisfaction at the end of the meal. I had the Hawaiian Saimin, one size only (large) It taste different then other Hawaiian Saimin, the owner explained that it was made the traditional old school way. It took longer to cook but I swear, it was the best Saimin I ever tried and very flavorful. It didn't taste like it was a manufactured like other places. Although the place looks old, everything from the sauce and noodles are homemade. My wife had a mix plate combo (large). Everything from the vegetables to the meat and macaroni salad. The only downside, it's old school so no soda refills! All cans, but hey, the food is awesome, coupon or not, I shall return. You can not judge this place on the looks, but what it offers. Food is kinda slow coming out but the food is so worth it.
4	Very tasty bbq
4	I almost let everyone else's reviews affect mine!Everything I ate there was delicious, and the portions were large. I'd write more, but I went there to enjoy a 2nd time on 3.14.13, and it was CLOSED.It looks like they were evicted or something involving an angry orange sticker on the door. :-( It's too bad, they were a great addition to the Water St. area.
5	Malasadas are to die for! My favourite is the cheesecake filled ones. So onolicious!
1	Never again. The food is really good but the service is terrible. No utencils. How can you being me any glass with just ice when I asked for water. How is it possible that the waiter gives me the wrong plate because they don't know what kind of meet is on the plate. And they serve our food several minutes apart. This was their 2nd chance. We had to walk out the first time because they took our drink order and didn't return within 15 minutes.
