5	Layers of Lovely's artistic style is second to none, so I knew I could completely trust her to create a unique arrangement for my first wedding anniversary. My wife's favorite flowers are tulips and succulents--which sounds like an odd pair--but without hesitation, Catherine of Layers of Lovely confidently stated, "I'll come up with something great." She wasn't lying! Catherine created a colorful mix of choice flowers and presented them in an organic but elegant style. My wife absolutely loved them and I now have my go-to spot for flowers.
5	I am a local wedding photographer in town and have had several opportunities to see the beautiful work that comes from this floral provider.  Her bouquets are gorgeous and she is a extremely sweet lady as well.
5	Layers just did my outdoor wedding a couple weeks ago and I can not say enough good things about this place. Catherine really takes the time to listen to what you want and my flowers were out of this world amazing. Better than anything I could have imagined myself. My wedding guests commented all night about how they were the most beautiful flowers they had ever seen. I interviewed several florists in the valley and Layers of Lovely is by far THE BEST!!!
5	Catherine is a rockstar and she made my bride's wedding shine with her arrangements. We had her do the full get-up with bouquets, centerpieces, and more. It was all perfect. Seriously, perfect. My now-wife commented throughout the next week about how beautiful her bouquet was and how amazing everything was. All that, at a reasonable price. If you need a florist, don't go anywhere else--it's just not worth the hassle. Catherine at Layers is the only way to go.
5	Layers of Lovely did the perfect flowers for our wedding!  Catherine has an incredible aesthetic and is skilled at all sorts of designs, from luxe bouquets appropriate for a ritzy wedding to thistles that suit a more rustic venue (like ours).  Catherine made us beautiful bouquets and table arrangements that featured succulents and gardenias.  She also built us an altar from three ladders for our canyon ceremony.  Since we live out of town, we coordinated everything through phone and email, and Catherine was very reliable and easy to get a hold of throughout the process.  She traveled two hours each way to deliver our flowers, and her rates were very fair.  What a great florist!
5	We hosted our destination wedding in Las Vegas this September, and like any prepared bride, I made our scouting trip a year prior. I did tons of research before selecting the vendors I want to meet, and I had fell in love with her beautiful rustic work before I even met this sweet Catherine. She was incredibly patient with me throughout my whole entire visioning process, and although I don't think i was a "bridezilla", I'm sure I was pretty hands-on. We wrote countless e-mails and long phone conversations going over color palettes and flower & decoration ideas... Catherine more than brought my vision to life, created the most beautiful bouquet and ceremony arch I could ask for (and all only a little bit more than my initial budget, but so worth it!). Every bride should have a florist and a friend like Catherine!
5	I never had the opportunity to meet Catherine, but she delivered the most beautiful flowers I could have imagined. I took my bouquet on my honeymoon so I could stare at it longer (and I might add that it looked great for 4 days!). She absolutely captured my vision and was great to work with.
5	Layers of Lovely did an amazing job at my cousins wedding. The flowers were fresh, colorful and just spectacular! I recommend this shop for any occasion. I also attended one of Catherine's floral design classes (held at the Layers of Lovely studio) and learned so much. If this class is ever available again, I would highly recommend taking it. I made a beautiful flower arrangement with Catherine's help and got to take it home! I vote them best shop in Las Vegas BY FAR! Thanks for everything!
5	As a bride planning my destination wedding across the country, I was worried that my vendors would not understand my vision just through email. Not the case in Vegas! These vendors are the BEST!!!! Catherine from Layers of Lovely is so incredibly sweet. She totally understood the whole design concept I was going for after our first conversation! We met Catherine once during our planning process and she was so helpful. I really felt like she got to know us in order to provide us the best service possible. Her florals and design are absolutely stunning. When I walked into our ceremony and reception space I was just stunned. Everything was perfect. I could not have asked for more beautiful floral arrangements and decor. Just incredible. I am still smiling from ear to ear because everything was just so beautiful! Her pricing is incredibly reasonable too. Thank you Catherine!!! You're the best!!!
5	Working with Catherine and Layers of Lovely was an amazing experience. We met with her for an initial consultation and she had tons of imagery/examples to look at for inspiration. From that point, we simply told her what our vision was, what type of flowers we loved, what we didn't like and then left it up to her and her team. And boy did she deliver! Walking into the ceremony and seeing my bouquet for the first time brought tears to my eyes. It was all so stunning. We had them work on everything from boutonnieres, bouquets, table arrangements, floating arrangements, cocktail table displays, dance floor floral chandeliers, chuppah adornment, aisle arrangements and a cake topper. Everything was beyond beautiful. More guests commented on the amazing floral than almost any other element of our wedding. We would highly recommend Catherine and Layers of Lovely to anyone and everyone, especially the discerning/type-A/particular bride.
5	Catherine at layers of lovely is amazing!! All of my wedding florals exceeded my expectations. The colors were so vibrant, they make my pictures look so beautiful. Aside from the flowers, she also brought in wood rounds for the centerpieces, pool floats, candles, lanterns, mason jars, and crates for our cake display!!! The bridal party's bouquets were stunning! I cannot thank her enough!
