5	Great service and the food is just amazing! Iraqi kabab and the hummus is delicious!! Free tea if you are a fan of tea.
5	My fiance and I stumbled across this place, it was getting late and Altamimi was very close to our location. Being white people, we had little experience of middle eastern food.  Out side the restaurant, guys were grilling chicken that smelled awesome.  When we entered, the place was quiet and we were the only customers there.  The waiter sat us down and gave us bottled water and an amazing lemon soup. Before we decided what to order we were already on our second course, hummus and pita bread.  I thought Pita Jungle had good hummus but I will never be able to look at Americanized hummus the same again. We ordered the Altamimi plater which had a lot of everything on it.  Shortly after we ordered, the next dish came out to us.  This one was an assortment of vegetables prepared a different way then I've had before. Again, another outstanding dish.   At this point my fiance and I are filling up...  But we haven't even reached the meal!  Shortly after about 6 more trays of artfully prepared food came rolling out.  I wish I knew what the stuff was called, I would list it all, unfortunately all I know is it tasted phenomenal.  We were stuffed with barely touched plates of food in front of us.  We boxed the leftovers with 2 large take home containers,  2 soup containers, and got the bill.  32.00 dollars....  What?!  32 bucks for a 9 course meal, for what could have fed 4.  Obviously I tipped well because these guys went over the top, not only in preparation of our food, but also in teaching us how to eat it and what dishes mix excellent together. If after reading this review  you decide to check this place out there is a good likelyhood you will see my fiance and I there as well.  We plan to be regulars. Also in the corner of the restaurant the have some awesome tea that you should try.
5	This is easily the best Middle Eastern restaurants in the Phoenix area. I have been looking for good shawarma since I've been in Phoenix. I finally had the sandwich I was looking for! The restaurant is in a little strip mall, and when I pulled up you could smell the wood burning on the barbecue.  That is such an inviting smell.  They welcomed me with soup, bread, and hummus. They carved beef for my sandwich off of a rotating spit, as it should be! The sandwich was fresh and flavorful.  My only regret is ordering the combo. With all the delicious food I was served, the French fries were unnecessary.  I will be returning.
