1	We had heard so much about smashbuger and their grand opening at Desert Ridge so we decided to give it a shot. There was a normal sized line that took longer then expected. When we finally got to the cashier we order two chicken sandwiches with a few condiments... it took over 30 minutes to get our food AFTER we ordered. To top it off the chicken on the sandwiches were thinner than even the tomatoes! I mean I know they're called SMASHburger, but seriously. After the long wait, skimpy chicken and stingy condiments we will not go back.
4	This location recently opened at the end of April. I have been to another location but tried this one today. I had a burger at the other location, however, my last 2 experiences including todays, I have opted for the Buffalo Chicken sandwich. This is rather tasty. There is bluecheese on it, plenty of sauce, hearty piece of grilled or fried chicken, and lettuce and tomato top it off. I typically use a fork to eat this sandwich as the sauce likes to drip, but I like eating all my sandwiches with a fork, so maybe its just me! We enjoyed a basket of fries which were nothing special but still good. Service was pleasant and enjoyable. Everyone was very friendly, including the manager who ran most the food out to his customers!
4	This is a new location that is so conveniently located right next to where I work.  I have been here several times in the last month and the one word that comes to mind is "inconsistent."  When they're on their A game, they produce the absolute best burger I have ever had.  I've been there a couple times when they haven't been on their A game and then they produce average burgers.  I love that they have the build-your-own smashburger option because I am a picky eater and I always have to custom order burgers.  They have tons of toppings that are included in the price and I have to commend them for using real kosher dill pickles on their burgers, not those awful thin plastic-y ones that most burger joints use.  The burgers are full of flavor, super juicy, and just fantastic when you get the right cook.  The only issue I had with my first burger was it was way too pink on the inside for me.  The next time I asked for it well done and it came almost exactly the same as the first one.  The next time I asked for it well done again and it came char broiled, like a brick.  (Hence the inconsistency.)  I had their mushroom swiss burger yesterday for the first time and I have to say it was the best mushroom swiss burger I have ever had.  Today I had the exact same burger and it didn't have the same flavor.Their fries are always crispy, which I love, but they're a bit heavy on the salt.  I like salt and they are sometimes too much for me.My mom was here a couple weeks ago and I took her there and she said she'd gain 20 lbs if there was a Smashburger near where she lives.  When they're on their A game they are a 5-star burger joint.  I just wish they were on their A game every day!
4	This one of my FAVORITE new places! *FRIED PICKLES* I've loved everything i've had so far...just wish the food came out faster :)
1	Was so not happy with the Arizona burger with habenaro cheese. Spice level was about a 2 out of 10 was dry. First and last time were eating there. Family of 4 2 adults and 2 children total came to $34
1	After enjoying Fatburger for years we were extremely disappointed in Smashburger coming in with the mediocre, lack luster burger,  the snotty ("I'm from San Diego") staff , the pricing, and the poorly laid out menu board, which is why the line takes so long! I hope Fatburger comes back, and this place goes back to wherever it's from. 2nd trip we had the Arizona burger, fries, onion haystack and soft drink x2 and spent just under $30 bucks.
4	So much better that 5 Dorks, I mean guys.  They have salads and great chicken selections!
2	This was my third visit. If based on my first visit I would have rated them a 4 - 4.5, consistency seems to be an issue. They make a good burger and the sides are very good. the chocolate shake is a chocolate lovers dream. But at this writing I really don't know if you will get a great burger or just an OK burger?
5	This Smashburger location seem to be totally 'on point' or flat sucks judging by the other reviews. 4 of us went there last night we were all highly impressed so it gets its full 5 stars.
5	I eat there at least once a week. Ok let me put it this way, you try one of there Juice Burgers and your Hooked.  On top of the Amazing food you order your food and unlike other places they bring it to YOU.  Then instead of Cleaning up the table after your self they do it for you. Every table is Clean, and its Lunch or Dinner with a smile.  Customer Service at its highest quality. I read other reviews. I agree you can not be perfect every time.  People have bad days, but they are a close to perfect as u get.  This isn't take out food like Mc Donal's. It is made it fresh, and It takes 3-5min to get your food. Also don't wait like 30 min to drive home to eat or it isn't the same. Its a Burger you have to eat right after its made or its not the same. Try it at lease once and you will be impressed.
2	This is my first time eating here and my All-American burger was a little dry and had little flavor. Fries absolutely sucked, mainly because they were cold and soggy. I think I experienced the "inconsistent" service that many people are talking about. The main thing I didn't like about this location was how absolutely filthy the floors, tables, chairs were .. really, everything was gross. Even the door handles had ketchup or mustard or ... something .. on them. (I didn't look too close.) Would it hurt to clean up a little to keep all the layers of trash and stuff down? Eat here at your own peril. I'm not coming back.
3	very clean place. only issue it is quite small. over the top friendly people from the minute you walk in until you leave. very accommodating with what you want to order. most extras are free which is really cool. portion size is average. i would say that if we didn't have a coupon it would not have been worth it. the taste of the food was very good, burger and chicken sandwich. sweet potato fries were good too. again, portion size was not that impressive and we are not huge people. would go back again with discount or coupon but to pay full price would be tough to do.
1	This location used to be a FatBurger, come back!I came here with my wife figuring we would get a great burger.The person serving behind the counter was nice, but that was the end of the good experience..The burgers were extremely greasy! So were the fries..My wife's bun was completely soaked in grease making it very unappealing. Tables wren't cleaned either.I will not be coming back here again, visit the In'n'Out in the same mall, or Island burgers.
4	Well I guess I lucked out and came on a good night. It was pretty busy at 6 pm on a Friday night, which means that people like it enough to go there early. I thoroughly enjoyed my build-your-own chicken burger on which I got a ton of the veggies. It kind of fell apart since there were too many veggies, so I would recommend just choosing a couple. My husband really liked his b-y-o hamburger, too. It wasn't too greasy, but now we understand why it is called Smashburger. They literally smashed his burger to a pulp so it fell apart very easily. Got the smash fries which had a lot of olive oil on the top but not the bottom. Our chocolate malt was good but we got it about 10 minutes late since the runner girl gave ours to a different couple who came in after us. Boo. And when you deliver our food and I tell you that we are still waiting for our malt and you take 10 minutes to bring it out to me, that is not acceptable.  I expect it to be made ASAP since you already should have had it to me 10 minutes earlier. But that is just me being picky I guess.
1	I don't eat meat so I probably shouldn't have gone here. My husband got the "Arizona" burger and really enjoyed it. I went with the vegetarian burger which is basically black beans smashed together. I do like black beans, but I don't like black beans with mustard, pickles and onion on top of a bun. I enjoyed the rosemary & olive oil fries, but not enough for me to come back a second time.Our total was $15.00 and that was not money well spent.
4	It was my first time at SmashBurger today and I gotta say I enjoyed it. I got the creat your own, and my burger was really tasty. We also got sweet potato smash fries and fried pickles. The fried pickles weren't my favorite, but the fries were delicious. The salad for 6.99 with chicken was a great deal for how big it was. I also love that they have different flavors of unsweetened iced tea. I will definitely be back.
3	Smashburger took over the spot in Desert Ridge previously occupied by Fatburger.  Since I have an aversion to restaurants with 'fat' in the name I was happy to see a new burger spot to try.So far, the food is good.  The menu offers an assortment of burgers, chicken sandwiches and sides.  I have enjoyed:- Mushroom Swiss burger - a flavorful and juicy beef patty, garlic sauteed mushrooms and swiss cheese served on an egg bun.- Fries - nice and crisp, seasoned with sea salt.- Haystack onions - onion strings with a tangy dipping sauce.  If you like onion rings, you will love these!While the food is good and the service is quick and friendly, the restaurant itself kind of spoils the experience.  It feels cramped inside (weird layout of entrance/line/counter and drink dispensers), and on both of my visits many tables needed to be cleaned.  Trash cans were stuffed to nearly overflowing, and many of the condiment bottles were empty.  I appreciate that the staff is delivering orders from the kitchen quickly, but taking a few minutes to wipe tables and empty trash would make a big difference in the small space.  Nobody likes to sit down at a sticky table.  As the location is so close to the movie theater, I am sure I will give it another try - hopefully I won't need to bring my own Clorox wipes!
4	As a Midwestern ex-pat, I am overjoyed to have found a local option to replace my beloved Steak N' Shake.  There's just nothing like a good steakburger.  I had your basic cheeseburger on an egg bun and it was delicious.  I also tried the salted caramel shake and it was tasty but not outstanding.  Hubby's chocolate shake had a strange flavor to it.  We did not sample the fries but I will be back!
5	My first encounters with Smashburger started in Minnesota. We have had a couple dining experiences down in Tempe. I have to say....for some unknown reason, this location just tasted better. I ordered the All American while my husband had the Arizona. Both were above and beyond any hamburger experience to date. The bun was fresh, lettuce was green not white, jalapenos had some heat and were fresh, the beef was crunchy and juicy at the same time. The fried egg was excellent too. The double chocolate malt was to die for.The Manager was hilarious and accommodating. He really cared what the customer's thought.  All the employees seem enthusiastic about their jobs and the food.  Strangely, my husband's wedding ring slid off his finger by the napkins and the employee turned it in!!! That's amazing!!! As we left with a smile and stuffed, I was already craving my next hamburger from Smashburger, particularly this location.  Thanks you for a great dinner!!
4	We tried this place out a couple of weeks ago, and I have to save, I found a new burger spot that I enjoy. Here are the positives:* Marketing and Identity package is a great. I love the look and feel of the place.* You can get three different size burgers, which is fantastic! * You get a choice of buns...Awesome* They have chicken and salads on the menu...a burger joint with healthy alternatives...fantastic!* Flavored Mayos....yes!!!!* Mustard!!!* Milkshakes!!!Because I am in love with Chipotle, I had a regular burger, on a chipotle bun and substituted Chipotle mayo instead of mustard.  Dave ordered the big burger, as it came. We shared a basket of the garlic and rosemary sweet potato fries and a NutterButter shake. First off, if you have read my other reviews, you know I am a critical fan of sweet potato fries. These were excellent, and I did not have the desire to dip them in honey or anything else. Great twist of the flavor with the garlic and rosemary. (Even though sweet potato fries are really meant to be dipped in honey). Next, I LOVED my burger. The size was good, it was prepared well, it wasn't dry, and I loved the flavor of the chipotle. I also tasted Dave's, and it was good. He got the All American. The negative. The service. We were  1/2 way done with our meal when I went looking for our shake. They said they couldn't find us, even though when they dropped off our food we asked about the shake. The shake was in the cooler. After we finally got it, it was great.
2	Burger was decent, sweet potato fries good, but kids who seem to run the place were non responsive and busy chatting with each other. Tables were dirty. Too many other choices to return
4	We always order the burger with bacon and top it off with a scrambled egg. The shakes are very good. Each time we go it seems to get better
5	Called ahead to order one AZ smash and one classic.Was ready in less than 10 min.Impressive service.Everybody's upbeat, friendly, took accurate orders and confirmed, gave estimate.Food was fresh and tasty. Love.Def going back again.
3	I like the concept.  Roll fresh "Angus" beef into meatballs every AM.  Smash them just before cooking.  But in reality, all beef is Angus.  It's the most popular type of cattle in the US.  And they must use the lowest fattiest (85%?) cut because the burgers are greasy.  And they come in either 5oz or 7oz patties.  Got a small smash and a side salad.  The salad was OK.  Burger with lettuce wrap had no wrap.  Just lettuce and tomato on the side.  So I had to eat my burger off the plate.  And it was greasy.  So not sure what to make of SB.  May try it again, but with In and Out so close, it's tough to make the move to SB.  If only In and Out had sweet potato fries!
1	What a disappointment. I ordered a shake and fries as a snack. The shake had far to much milk, it was more chocolate milk than chocolate shake. The fries didn't arrive for 10 minutes, and I wish they'd never shown up. They were greasy, tired, and deeply disappointing. We receives a $5 certificate as an apology, but gave it to another patron since we will not be returning. HOWEVER, the staff was friendly and the manager was very responsive. Hopefully we just arrived on a bad day.
5	looove this place. when you go in and eat the service is way fast like its ridiculous how fast it is. hopefully it doesnt shut down cause its the only closest one to me.
3	First visit.  Real good chicken sandwich.
5	I love my burger.  I got the habanero burger. It was juicy and delicious.  The staff is great except when they come visit your table, it can be quite uncomfortable as they get in real close and feel like they are intruding.  Love the food though and the service
4	Great chicken sandwich and great milk shakes!
5	Here's the thing....I'm a HUGE 5 Guys fan and I think I've found my new fav.  Smashburger was everything I had hoped it would be and more.  Basically....- the burger was amazing. - the fries were amazing (had the oil and basil fries)- the service was fast and friendly - delivery to your table is a nice touch- the restaurant was very clean and well staffed What more can you ask for?  Give it a try!
5	Smashburger is great and this location is my favorite!  Nice and clean, with friendly staff. I've come here very early a few times and they didn't look annoyed to serve their first burger of the day. As far as my favorite...the BBQ Bacon Cheese Smashburger with Sweet Potato Smash Friesh. Omg!
4	The best place for a burger in the Desert Ridge food court. Our whole group enjoyed their food there were no complaints. I ordered the Classic Smash Burger with Smash fires. My food was great! I will be back for sure
2	This is the first time I've been to this particular Smashburger location, but after the movie we needed a little snack and decided to go here. My husband really enjoys Smashburger's French fries since they are crispy and made with rosemary. Since he decided to order these, I decided to try a chocolate malt shake. There were two employees working the register, a male and a female. Only two customers in front of us, and slowly a line behind us started to form. The male employee finished taking a customer's order, but quickly answered the phone. The female employee helped the customer's in front of us, and since the male employee was still on the phone, she then took our order. She was nice and helpful and since our order was to-go, she told us we could wait nearby. By the time we sat down, the male employee left and only the female employee was taking orders. The line got longer and longer and she was left alone to man the registers the entire time.It took about 15 minutes to get our fries and shake. The shake didn't look or taste like chocolate and there was no malt flavor whatsoever. I made my husband taste it and he agreed. I went back in to make sure I received the correct shake. The female employee who made my shake immediately and defensively told me she put malt in it. I asked if she could add more, since I couldn't taste it. She took my shake, dumped the entire thing (whipped cream and all) into a metal shake container, put more malt and chocolate sauce in it, and then mixed it up. In the end, it was slightly (only slightly) more chocolately, but still no discernible malt flavor and now it wasn't thick but very thin. For $4, the shake was not worth it and my husband agreed. Culver's or even Which Wich makes much better chocolate malt shakes.Overall, I would not order a shake from here ever again. My husband enjoyed his fries, but if we had to wait in that long line (where only one employee was at the registers) to order fries, I'd skip it. They really need to get more employees in here, especially during the lunch hour.
5	Best kids' meals anywhere. Got hungry kids that actually like to eat a meal when they order a kids' meal and not just play with a toy? Then this is your place. Food is healthy and portions are generous. Best part of this location is the splash pad right across from the patio so the kids can run around and play in the water too. In the winter there is a big outdoor fireplace that feels nice too. Service is superb and food is authentic (tastes real, not overly processed) and healthy. Our whole family loves it!
1	My 10 year old ordered the chicken - after taking a bite and saying it tasted funny - I looked to see raw chicken - took back & complained - gave us a second order which ALSO came out partially raw!  They didn't even check the 2nd batch.  after a lame excuse and a manager that had no clue what to do we left -  DO NOT order chicken.  Hoping my son doesn't get sick tonight!
1	I love Smashburger, but this particular location is not run very well.  Vacuuming the floors 30 minutes before they close, under the table we're eating at????
5	My husband and I have eaten here twice and both times found the food to be excellent (highly recommend the Arizona burger if you like it hot and spicy!), the service is speedy, the staff is eager, helpful and upbeat.  Jalissa was particularly helpful, efficient and courteous.  The staff works together in a way that says they like their job and are happy to be there working with the public -- all in all, a refreshing stop for a memorable, modest meal.
5	I really enjoy the spiciness of the Arizona burger.With today's meal we got a little confused and mis-ordered something but Jalissa, the manager, was more than eager to fix it for us.  There was a lot of positive energy from the staff and they kept things moving smoothly.I'm impressed with both the food and, especially, the service.  My biggest problem is being careful to not over-order and get the shake and the fries and the everything else.Overall, I've been very pleased with my meals at this location.
4	Smash burger was delicious. Better then I was expecting. I wouldn't say that it fills you up as much as I would like but I believe it's justified for the price. Worth trying in my opinion, I don't see anyone not enjoying it. Not messy like five guys either, although hard to say which one is better. Also, great environment, great staff and a clean restaurant. The mall it's located in is awesome as well. If your there at night there is a wonderful massive fire place in the center of the outdoor mall, it's nice to sit by. You could also stop by cold stone or catch a movie. Great center.
2	The burgers are ok, shakes were good.The reason I'm giving two stars?? Because as I am sitting here writing this, I notice the tables are not clean. The girl who is "cleaning" the tables (Let me add her "cleaning" consists of a swipe on the table with her rag, then leaves the rag on the table while she walks away to who knows where) is picking up the used plates, napkins, silverware, cups-and carrying them to the counter.  What's wrong with that you ask?? Well...she is carrying those dirty dishes to the front and putting them on the counter where they pack up your meals to go. Oh wait....it gets better...how sweet of her to leave those nasty dishes on that front counter, save time by NOT washing her hands, and kindly pick up your food order and deliver to the tables!Nasty, just nasty!!
4	I'm starting to get stingy with my stars. This burger should be a 5, the atmosphere is still fast food and usually I wouldn't give fast food 2 stars. So great job Smash Burger, you just upgraded to a 4.
1	First off, I have been here a few times and the Arizona burger never disappoints me.I would give the Arizona burger 4 stars. I would say it is 5 stars for flavor and 3 stars for size and value of the burger.This visit I was with my 4 year old who loves hot dogs and he didn't care for the kids meal hot dog.  It was very dry and the bun fell apart on his first bite.After he ate half of it and I finished it and I agree it was nothing special.  I would prefer the $1.50 hot dog from Costco.The worst part was there was a long brown hair in my burger. Maybe the cooks should wear hairnets??? They replaced it without any questions, but I was surprised the manager on duty didn't apologize.I finally ate my burger which was the Arizona burger.  I ordered the BIG burger and it taste great but is far from big.I will go back if I'm not so hungry and crave a burger because they do taste good.But if you have a big appetite plan on ordering 2 or 3.
4	Tasty burger! The only reason for the four stars instead of five is because the bun is soft -- I prefer a toasted bun. This was a little too squishy for me. (Soggy feeling) and the beer was cool but not icy cold. Everything else was DELICIOUS!!
5	My family has eaten here quite a few times now. We love it. My husband usually gets the Arizona burger and consistently likes it. I used to get the bbq/bacon/cheddar burger and loved it (though I feel it could have used a little more bbq). Recently I've been trying to eat healthier and have switched to the spinach/cucumber/goat cheese chicken burger. Love. Really, it's fantastic. I'm also a fan of the veggie frites. I've never been disappointed by this place.
4	I think this is the only Smash Burger location I have been to, and I have liked it every time! Delicious, quality fast food with an excellent vegetarian option available for me to enjoy.The service has been mostly good for me. Had a cashier charge us $2.00 just for a cup of water once, but he took it off after we said something. I always get a build year own burger with the black bean patty. The black bean patty is very good, probably one of the best black bean patties around. The french fries are incredible as well.Would love to try a shake from here, they sound awesome, but I always end up too full from all the other tasty food. Will be making a return here!
4	Late night takeout dinner for the family on vacation. Read good yelp reviews so we decided to try given we were staying nearby. Family had two smashburgers, one truffle mushroom burger, one regular cheeseburger,  smash fries, sweet potato fries and onion rings. Brought them back to the hotel and we dug in. Burgers were awesome,  flavorful, fresh ingredients,  tasty. Fries were good but small and few. same with the rings, which were more like onion straws. If you visit,  order the burgers, but skip the fries.
3	I'm a huge fan of the Arizona burger and think it's definitely in my top ten taste wise. What I don't like and have a huge issue when you pay 7 or 8 bucks for a burger is when you have to pay for fries separate. By the time I ordered fries and a drink I was at almost $13. When the average lunchtime meal is around $8 paying close to double just isn't worth it. It's disappointing that they price gouge as much as they do because the burger really is a good one and the smash fries are excellent as well. I took my wife, son and nephew a few weeks back and my bill was over $60. Not what I was expecting from a walk up and order restaurant.
3	I am always drawn to this place.  The bacon cheeseburger is above average.  Plus the fries here....I devour them.  Service is always standard.  Nothing ever "wows" me here.  But I prefer this over other burger spots.
4	This place is great! I loved the burger and fries and thought the location of this store was awesome! The food was quick and great! Not to mention, I had a coupon which made it all the better!
4	Short: Get the Mushroom BurgerLonger: Man, that mushroom burger is so damn good. Been there 3 times now and haven't been able to try anything else because I keep craving that burger. I'm also a sucker for truffle and it's got some truffle oil in there. It's an overall juicy burger too. Definitely a fan of this place. Service is what you would expect at a fast food restaurant. I guess this might be borderline fast casual though since they bring you your burger.I'm a big garlic fan, but don't like rosemary at all so keep that in mind if you're like me and consider skipping their specialty smash fries. The regular ones are good and crisp.
3	This place needs some help! The guy @ the counter couldn't get a very simple order down, we repeated our order so many times!!! Then the place was not clean: tables, floor & soda fountain were filthy... The tables in need of repair. Just not a good location, I've been to a different location before which was MUCH better & CLEAN!!!
