5	Great place. Friendly workers and nice selections.The owner Bill is fantastic. He's made a few custom pieces for me and they have turned out wonderful. Top quality and highly unique. Prices are fair, and good considering the quality. Far beats the mall stores! Turn around time is about a week for repairs, sizing, etc. (address listed in black canyon city- and i'm pretty sure it's in glendale or peoria... at 75th avenue and greenway)
5	Been going here for over 6 years now. Owners and staff are honest & genuine. Doesn't matter if you are spending $100 or $10K, you will get the same level of service every time. They also pay top dollar for gold.
1	I have been in Z's several times in the past and admired their selection of watches and jewelry, and purchased watch batteries, but this is the first time I had approached them with a repair. My 25th Anniversary ring has channel set mother of pearl, 6 precisely fit pieces that are laid to look like one smooth, curved piece across my band. Unfortunately I dropped it and two of the pieces fell out but they were unbroken and just needed to be reset. I took my ring and the pieces to Z's and left it with the assurance this would be an easy and inexpensive fix. A week later I was called with the bad news. It couldn't be done, a new piece needed to be purchased, and it was going to cost much more. I opted to pick up my ring instead. When I returned for it, one of the two loose pieces had been reset (and not well I will add as it was not smooth against the one next to it) and the second piece was missing. When I asked about it I was told it had disintegrated during the process of resetting it and there was nothing left of it. I was so upset I almost cried right there in front of them. Now I can no longer repair my ring by someone who knows how to do it, but I will have to have the poorly set piece removed and purchase one to replace the pulverized one. Nothing was offered to me in compensation for the damage done. I'm still in disbelief over this after 2 weeks.
4	After several weeks of contemplation I decided to return to Z's, this time talking to the owner. He was understanding of my upset and offered to fix my ring at his cost. He also educated me in the fragility of mother of pearl and said it was remarkable that I hadn't had any damage to it before. He gave me a completion time and delivered, even during the busiest time of the year. Today I am wearing my ring again. The new pieces match exactly and have been set smoothly, and it has been polished like new. Thank you Z's and Merry Christmas. See you next year.
5	Love the entire staff at Z's. Have been purchasing from Bill and his exceptional staff for more than 15 years. When I found me perfect wedding ring Bill was able to custom design my husbands' ring to match. All my real jewelry has been purchased from Z's. Would and have recommended them to everyone.
