2	I only give it two stars because of the cool building.  This restaurant is in the original terminal of the Phoenix Air Port.  While you're eating you're actually watching planes take off and land, and that is pretty cool. Their food is terrible.  I heard that one time they made a mistake while filling the salt shakers and instead filled them with MSG!!! I know, right, disgusting.
4	I have eaten here many times over the last decade. I used to work right next door, and I went to university in the same parking lot. The outdoor patio is pretty cool as is the upstairs.The food is ok, but not spectacular. Think breakfast at Denny's. If you like airplanes, or have little kids this is a great place.
3	Had breakfast at the Left Seat with some out-of-towners en-route to departures. The location is awesome if you are an aviation buff or just enjoy watching the runways. The service was friendly, and the prices very, very reasonable -- our bill was $41 for 3, with extra juices and all. The food was pretty mediocre, very standard breakfast fare with a bit too much butter. The corned beef hash was decent, but likely canned. The French toast was okay, not earth shattering. But after a night of drinking, a greasy breakfast hit the spot, and frankly we came for the ambiance.
4	Whoa.  Just... whoa.Went here this weekend with the boyfriend and a buddy of ours.  I was a little leary going in because a) the buddy is pretty hit or miss on his food recommendations (mostly on the miss side, to be honest) and, b) at 8:30am on Saturday morning, there were 3 cars in the parking lot.Uh oh...BUT... whoa! Awesome coffee.  Just straight up darn good.  (Well, assuming you like your coffee strong.  If you're a brown water drinker, you won't like it.)I ordered a... turkey, tomato, avocado and cheese omelette with hash browns and a biscuit.  The boyfriend had french toast and scrambled eggs while the buddy had corned beef hash, eggs (I think), toast, hash browns and a side order of pancakes.  My omelette was delicious.  The turkey was awesomely flavorful, the pieces of avocado were huge and I don't know what they did to the eggs in general, but.... daaaaaaaaaaang.  The biscuit was heavy, but tasty with butter and honey, and the hashbrowns were hash browns (despite asking for them extra extra extra.... extra crispy, they were still underdone), but... Have I mentioned how good that darn omelette was?The boyfriend agreed that the eggs were great, and said that even the syrup was better than other places.  The buddy plowed through his food without saying a word, eating every last bite like he had the munchies.  Which he may have...  regardless...I'd highly recommend this place to anyone interested in a super tasty breakfast.  And bonus points for ambiance - the restaurant is located just north of Sky Harbor's north runway, so we got to watch all the poor souls flying US Air sit on the tarmac waiting to take off while we ate.
