2	This boutique is located on Central Avenue at Hawthorne. It has some unusual items, but nothing out of the ordinary. I found it to be highly overpriced and scattered. Among the items carried are jewelry, candles, wall decor, vintage furniture and bath products. Not a bad selection, but I'd probably search elsewhere first for what I need before checking here.
4	I like Envy's kind of crazy collection. It's not a great shop if you're looking for a particular item, but if you're shopping for a gift, and you're not sure what you want to buy, Envy's a great place to find something unique. From candles to incense to various jewelry and furniture odds and ends, there's a little something for everyone.The parking is convenient, right in front of the shop, and there's a few other interesting places in the area. I pass Envy as I'm going in and out of my yoga studio, which is located downstairs, and I always window shop or stop in to see what's new. I've found great gifts there for birthdays, so if you're looking for something different, especially for a woman who has a little bit of everything, Envy is a great place to start shopping.
3	Great place to shop if you're buying something for:a) your mother-in-law that you don't know too wellb) some girl at work that inexplicably invited you to her b-day party two days from nowc) anyone really into animal printThe ladies that work here are beyond nice. The selection, to me, can best be summed up as "corporatized quirky lady gear" - wine stoppers in funny "unexpected" shapes, lots of frames (some really nice - reclaimed tin ceiling tiles and glass), kitchen doodads, beaded (and some forged) jewelry. Yoga mats. Fed up with men phrases on mugs. That sort of thing.Hey, I'm grateful for GWE every time I have to get a gift, quickly, for a girly-girl I don't know too well. Oh yeah, and for their frames. They have a ton, in a variety of sizes, and some of them are really cool.
3	I'll echo the other reviewers' sentiments and say this is an eclectic place for a gift. A gift for, perhaps, your landlady who just had a baby, your cousin who looooves kitschy, recycled jewelry or your sister in law who adores candles. Green With Envy is a cool store to shop around in - but it will take you a little while. Not only is the store pretty sizeable, but it also is scattered with merchandise. Much of said merchandise is grouped together - art in the front corner, candles in the other front corner, jewelry in the middle, clothing near the back, baby gear near the back, and cards and more gifty stuff near the register. But, even though it's grouped together, you'll find quite the random selection of things! Even I, shopper extraordinaire, was a hair overwhelmed. Regardless, I found a handful of things that were quite lovely. A few pairs of locally sourced earrings and some cute cards. To me, this shop is reminiscent of Paper Skyscraper with a bit more crammed in merchandise and an extra shot of estrogen. While I didn't make any purchases during this visit, next time I'm in need for a girly gift, Green With Envy is a go - as long as I have the time to sift through!
3	This has never been one of my go-to shops in town, but from time to time I find myself in here. Most of the time it's all browsing - there are a lot of things to see, and a lot of things I like, but I usually don't leave with anything in hand. When I heard they started carrying some Not Made In China, I figured I'd stop in for another look.They are one of the few stores I know of that carry a good amount of Charlotte-based artists/brands, sometimes it screams CLT (paintings of parts of town) and sometimes it's just local (honey/chocolates/jewelry). They have a nice selection of cards, books, clothing, glass/barware, jewelry - I think they're expanding a men's department but I'm not positive. But there is a lot that has been correctly described by the other reviews - something I wouldn't buy for myself but is great as a quick housewarming or hostess gift.  They do also have a cute selection of baby clothing and gifts. Always great customer service - and free gift wrapping! & I believe they have some sort of girl-night-out wine/cheese party set up available.
5	This is such a sweet shop!  I use the word "sweet" because the owners seem very committed to stocking pieces from local artists and retail items that are more like treasures.  Whoever does their buying has a great eye and their candles are SENSATIONAL!  (My favorite candle EVER: Votivo- Red Current.  Buy the big one!!! I know its pricey, but after you use the candle- you can save the glamourous jar and use it to store something special! ;))
4	This is my go to place for a fun and a unique gift for that person that you just don't know what to get.  They carry all kinds of ecclectic items; candles, books, jewelry, local art, baby clothes and toys, hostess gifts, gardening and cooking gifts.  There is so much in the store you will be here a little while to find what your looking for but I'm pretty sure you will not leave empty handed.  They also have a great selection of greeting cards.  The shoes are fairly in expensive and they also carry some women's clothing.  Another plus I've always received great service from the staff.  So stop in for some last minute gift buying.
3	The inventory for Green With Envy would be what they used if they ever created an encyclopedia of gifts. Jewelry? Check. Painting? Check. Kitchen kitsch? Check. Magnets? Check. Candles? Check, check and more check!Is any of it terribly useful? Not so check. But it's pretty and lots of it is local. Come on, admit it. You have some folks on your gift list that you just want a generic gift for. Go to Green With Envy and you can go ahead and check them off your list. The sales girls are perfectly happy to let you brows to your hearts content, which is good because there is certainly a lot to look at and not all of it is terribly organized. I ended up getting a nice woven copper bracelet  and depression glass pendent for family gifts and was pleased to things that were truly one of a kind. The BF picked up a scenic Charlotte painting to send to his family out west, and even got it at a tidy discount since the artist was in the store and wanted to motivate a repeat buyer. Score.Do be warned, as the sign on the wall clearly states, all sales are final.
4	Last weekend (or maybe the weekend before...) I wondered into this place because I got caught in a long phone conversation with my friend and didn't want to be that rude person at the nail shop next door yelping away on my phone.  I know this place is big and not crowded and thus it's justified for my rudeness to yelp and shop.Mind you I wasn't looking for anything in particular, which means Peggy will find a pair of shoes she likes.  I mean, they sell shoes here?!  Apparently they do, and clothes too.  I found this super high heels in a summer-y neutral material for $19! Like everyone mentioned, this place has all kind of random things. Great place to shop for virtually useless but cute gifts.  There are jewelry, candle, funny gag gift items, furniture, baby stuffs... did I say shoes!?
4	Super cute stuff for pretty good prices--especially with home decor. My mom loves birds, and their selection was bigger than any store I've ever been in. They had the best stuffed animal variety, too. Definitely worth visiting.
2	DEF a place for the ladies!  I finally popped in GWE this afternoon on the way home from a dr's appt (been meaning to forever).  Admittedly it's a quaint store, but obviously geared towards the female customer (more so than most other gift shops of this nature).  There's a little of this & a little of that casually-yet-deliberately showcased throughout.   The front of the store housed mostly candles (one of which I nabbed) as well as various bath & body goodies.  Another corner had local artwork and in the rear of the store there was a decent selection of those marvelous offbeat humor cards (something else I nabbed one of).  You can also pick up a few "naughty" items as well (a blow-up husband was included in the selection), so be cautious if shopping with kiddies.Overall--for ME--I only found one gift I'll be back for as well as a few candles to make the abode smell spiffy.  Other than that it isn't tops on my list of stand-by shops.  I'll stick with Paper Skyscraper & the like.OH...I did get a helluva laugh out of their security sign on the floor across from the register that reads "Not to worry, our security cameras will keep you safe."    LOVE IT!!!
4	What a great place to get a gift...for someone special or yourself!  They have bath and beauty products, local art and jewelry, cards, houseware, bags, shoes, clothes, and everything in between.  You can shop here knowing you are supporting local artists and businesses AND find something beautiful, unique, and fun.  The people who work here (owners?) have always been super friendly and helpful.  The merchandise also seems to be refreshed often, so there is always something new to find.  Great little gem!
5	Cool Shop!  See my photo for the Cool Bag I got for my Bride!!!  Now she can make Ramona Flowers Green with Envy!Poo-pourri sold and bought here!  You can google it... I'm not explaining THAT in my review!  If you can't say it.... uh, you CAN still buy it and you definitely will DO it, you better hope!Jewelry, some cool repurposed materials that you will recognize if you have been alive for more than five years!They have a small Guys section for guys who are  small to extra medium sized that would be me...
4	I've come here many times over the years and I've always been able to find something purchase-worthy or just overtly cool that I had to have it. It's a hodgepodge-y little shop with enough unique, knickknack-y items to keep a pinterest addict satiated for at least a 24-hour period. I'm a particularly large proponent of the "Charlotte-themed" magnets and button collection they have here. You've probably seen them around. Plenty of funny quotes about the various Charlotte neighborhoods and other CLT-centric phrases. They have a great collection of these and I promptly picked up a handful upon our last visit. HUGE collection of David French (local artist) work. The presentation is nice, too. Service is....meh. Somewhat nice folks, but they look at you more as an obligation than a customer. Will I be back? Yes.
4	We need more of these shops in Charlotte.  It is perfect for all occasions and they offer unique items for all ages, styles, backgrounds, etc.  It is almost overwhelming at first sight because there is SO much in such a small space.  They offer jewelry, clothing, candles, spa items, cards galore, kitchen items, purses, picture frames, pictures, etc.This boutique isn't cheap but they offer specialized brands and good quality so I think it is worth it. Great place!
4	Hi, my name is Nikki and I just started my Christmas shopping this weekend. Stopped by here after lunch yesterday. Wow, what a great little shop with such unique gifts. A little something for everyone. Key word here: local. My mission this Christmas is to give all local, all season. I found a couple great gifts for my mama. I can't disclose what they are because she now stalks me on here. Hi mom. Bonus: FREE GIFT WRAPPING! If you have ever gotten a gift wrapped by me, you would be even more thankful for this. Huge time saver. From the store, straight to under the Christmas tree. This will now be a go-to place for holidays, gifts, showers, what not.
1	I've only been in this store twice, but both times I've never been greeted. I have found the workers to not be friendly, which I find important, especially for local businesses.
5	I came to visit from the west coast & was looking for a place to find unique souvenirs and someone recommended this place and I came across a lot of neat art work and other stuff. I really liked the items that they had.
3	Like the others have said, this is a cute and quirky boutique.I stopped in here over the summer to pick up a hostess gift for a colleague. I knew that my colleague didn't drink often, so I had to branch out from my go to hostess gift (bottle of wine). Green With Envy had plenty of options! I chose a nice, scented candle that happened to be on sale and the sales associate wrapped it beautifully.I'd like to come back here when I have more time to check out the jewelry. It looked like there were a good amount of unique pieces (and it's always fun to have something no one else will have), but I didn't have a chance at the time I was last here to check it out.
5	Love this place. Proprietor is friendly, energetic and aims to please. Great place to go for that clever card, gift or knick knack for your friend, wife or mom.
5	When you walk up to the door, there's a sign that says "Danger! Women Shopping!" and I rolled my eyes because I hate crap like that. I quickly ate my words upon walking in, because oh my God I need everything in this store. Candles everywhere! Did you see all the candles? And handmade soaps and tiny measuring cups shaped like owls and local art and tea towels with Charlotte neighborhoods on them and DIY charm necklaces. I don't throw dinner parties but maybe I should start, and when I do I am getting my wine glasses here. I got the birthday card I came for, plus a shopping list a mile long of things to buy myself and others. I shop local whenever possible, and this is definitely at the top of my list this Christmas. Danger, woman shopping!
4	Love almost everything in this store.  The staff is friendly and helpful.  The clothing is reasonably priced and very cute.  So.  Many.  Candles.  Beautiful, artistic gifts for almost anyone.  Lots of items from local & semi-local artists.  Parking can be a little difficult.  Some prices are a bit high but most are moderate.
