4	2  girls+4  nights during the 2008 Jazz festival=1  wacky weekend at a great hotelWell the math doesn't work, but the hotel was great. And though the city is beautiful and the times can be fun, we both got sick for a day with a stomach thing and ended up with opportunity to enjoy the room more than expected. I got the room for $78 a night on priceline.com for which I was very proud of myself as they were charging I think $289 at the time. The room was ready when we arrived. Two beds as requested with comfortable sheets and decent beds. Big tv, full kitchen with necessary wares, nice shower and controllable a/c. Free newspaper. There's an indoor pool and roofdeck - neither are very big, but neither is the hotel, so it works fine. The free breakfast is pretty darn great for a free breakfast. I l-o-v-e-d the make your own waffle set up, and their tasty potatoes are key. Not at all gross scrambled eggs too! Though I'll admit the coffee kinda sucked, they make up for it with the free snack and coffee available in the breakfast room all day. No room service, but they have a menu book in the room with tons of options for delivery. The one reason I'd think about going somewhere else next time is that the location is smack dab in the middle of downtown and I'd prefer to be more east and north of this part of the city. Lots of high end shopping here, but I think St. Denis is more my style.
4	Not the best hotel, but by far not the worst. Awesome location, close to just about anything you want to do in the city. Prices were good for everything the hotel offers. Good breakfast buffet in the morning, get there early.  Rooms are large with enough room to sleep 3 men for a long weekend. Rooms included a kitchenette w/ a full size fridge.Parking may seem kind of sketchy in the under ground garage, but I've never issues and $25 CDN a day is a fair price.Never used the pool.Mikasa (Japanese) and Cavalli (Italian) are both top notch restaurants just outside the front door.
2	Passable, but didn't appreciate having the back employee service entrance as the only way into the hotel. (I guess some unfortunate person died from a slab of concrete falling on them in the front entrance).  Pros: location, and pretty decent breakfastCons: Breakfast room  way to small to accomodate the amount of guest they have. ( the german tourist didn't understand the concept of waiting their turn).  Felt like an employee walkin thru service corridor everyday.
4	(Original posting was 31 Jan 2009 during my birthday weekend in Montreal.)This was absolutely one of the best hotels I've stayed at. Top notch service and smacked in the center of Downtown Montreal on rue Peel and rue Sherbrooke where the metro is right around the corner.Our 433 sq. ft. studio included a king bed, cable TV, desk, mirror closet, full kitchen with a working refrigerator; toaster; microwave; electric stove top; dishwasher; all the necessary kitchen appliances, pet-friendly, complimentary coffee & tea, phone calls, daily newspaper, and best of all, COMPLIMENTARY buffet breakfast!They actually have a wide variety of selections which include: waffles, breakfast tacos, yogurt, cereal, fruits, toast and bagels.  Drinks include: coffee, tea, orange and cranberry juice.10 Oct 2009 -Since this was a while back, I'm not sure how much our nightly rate went for, but we got the hotel+flight package.  I just remember it being a good, package deal.  It's probably more now.
4	Another outstanding stay for Beer Fest Weekend 2010.
2	We just stayed here for four nights. Sadly, they no longer have a pool on the roof. If you check out the Trip Advisor reviews, you'll find that some of them mention the smell of mold in some rooms, and other reviews are absolutely stellar. Unfortunately, we got a really odd smelling room on the 21st floor (2107, I think). And we had to yank really hard on the door to get it to close.My BF brought this up to the front desk, and they said they'd look into it, which reads, "we'll do nothing". We wanted to have some people over but the room just smelled too damn weird and so that never happened. The issues weren't dealt with at all, and that makes me sad, because Marriotts are usually pretty good. At least the free breakfast was okay. Having free coffee and tea and breakfast is a nice way for cash-strapped travelers to save some money.
3	This is pretty standard for a Residence Inn if you've ever stayed at one but this tends towards the jankier end of the sample of residence inns I have stayed at. I was here for the 2010 Canadian Gran Prix and the price was about $500 USD a night (yikes!) but was about the best I could find for location during the event. Parking was another $25 a day :-( .The staff were very nice and helpful. The location is pretty close to nice nightlife locations and closer to the subway entrance. The rooms are slightly dated and could use a refresh. Our windows were sealed so we couldn't really get any fresh air in the room so it was either stuffy or super cold as made by the A/C. The free breakfast is a nice perk of the chain but nothing gourmet but still lots of options and yummy. I would stay here again especially if you are budget conscious.
5	Nice kitchen, spacious living area.  Clean facility and great staff.  Stayed 5 nights. Breakfast was good enough with waffle machines, and nice hot foods. Within walking distance to everything you would want to do, but if not, the metro is 1/2 a block away.  Sweet roof top terrace near laundry room, with grand views of the city.  Hope to stay here again.
3	Just so people know my bias I'm a former lunatic Marriott Platinum Elite member who has now settled gracefully into Gold Elite status (25 - 30 hotel nights @ Marriott properties per year seems to be the limit at which I don't start to regret/hate business travel ...) This property has not received the facelift that a lot of US-based Residence Inn's have been getting over the last few years but it's also an established building rather than new construction so that has to be taken into consideration. My room was fine, kitchenette & bathroom were some of the smallest I've ever seen in a Residence Inn but again that's a factor of the building layout. Room itself was very spacious and comfortable. The roof deck is a nice touch. Staff were fine. Biggest facility complaint is the slow speed and tiny size of the three elevators. I can't imagine trying to get down from the 18th floor at the same time a bunch of people are trying to check-in or out. I intentionally left early in the mornings and walked up the stairs to the roof deck to minimize soul-sucking elevator wait times. More than a few elevator buttons had their call lights/illumination not working. Wireless internet is free and (more importantly) speedy enough to get work done. One trend I noticed in 2010 is the horrific state of hotel-based internet service. Free or not-free just about every hotel I've stayed in this year has had almost unusably slow or intermittent internet service. In the US I can get around this with a Verizon 3G card or Mifi but I was mostly at the mercy of the hotel internet while in Canada.Location is flat-out excellent, it's within walking distance of all sorts of touristy, shopping, dining and of course the McGill campus. Multiple subway entrances are a short walk away.
1	The room and service were fine. I had a studio so the fridge is 18ft (5.5m) from the bed and the compressor can get noisy. The hotel is nicely situated in downtown. The walk from the Via Rail/central station is slightly uphill and 10-15 minutes, a nice, scenic walk. A ride from the hotel to Old Montreal via taxi was $12CDN with tip, and a taxi to the airport was a fixed rate of $38CDN w/o tip. I stayed in a room on the 14th floor, in an odd-number room, floor#"03", and there is a nightclub across the street that pounds music all night, and has loud patrons outside until I don't know when (I put in ear plugs). If you are a light sleeper, stay on the even side room numbers of the hotel and don't face Peel St. Or, stay somewhere else. The workout room is good sized and on the top floor with two treadmills, two elliptical, some free weights, and lots of room. Breakfast is on the mezzanine and was, meh, pretty average, but included. I'd spend the extra $40/night and stay at the Marriott-proper just a bit south again, when I come back. Views are better from there too, and it's more convenient. 1-star for the all night boom-chick-boom-chick music which made the stay very unpleasant, as well as the screaming patrons exiting the club. Eliminate the noisy music, it's a 3-3.5 rating.
3	Wanted to be in downtown Montreal and stayed her for a couple nights.  Hotel itself was fine with pretty good space. Our room had a little kitchen and great closet space.A warning to those that stay here on the weekends!  This is right across from a really happening club and if your room is facing Peel street, you will hear the music.  Either get a room that is not facing the street or make plans to attend the club itself cuz you will feel like you are there anyways.
3	Your normal 3 star residence inn.   Roof top view pretty cool.  Parking $25- OUCH!  Great location. Could use a face lift soon.
2	I stayed at the Residence Inn on a day trip with a buddy of mine back on the last weekend in August. (guys weekend away type of trip) The overall experience wasn't bad, but when I weigh the value there's definitely pros & cons.Due to full disclosure, let me say that this stay didn't cost me anything. My friend, I was traveling with, has an enormous amount of Marriott Reward Points and offered to treat for the room provided I drove. Obvious choice on my part. So after doing a little bit of research I've discovered that the value of the 1 Bedroom Suite we stayed in on that weekend would've been about $275/night (according to the Marriott's website, for 2 people, in that room, on that weekend). So based on that here's my thoughts... Initially we had booked a 2 Double Bed Studio, but while talking on the drive up we decided the 1 Bedroom Suite would be a better fit. My friend called from the road and had no problem switching rooms. We were on time to hit Montreal at about 1pm on a Sat. afternoon, but then we ran into the always aggravating "random selection" at the border. Just over 2 hours later we were back on the road, which put us at the hotel at about 3:30-4ish. They have an underground garage ($25/night, added to the hotel bill on arrival), and like most in the city it was extremely narrow with low ceilings (I wouldn't suggest an large SUV). So we parked and went to the lobby to check in. Unfortunately we were informed that the room wasn't ready yet, which was mildly annoying seeing as which Check In time is 3:00 and after the drive from Boston (including the border hassle) all I wanted was a shower and a change. But we had the girl behind the desk take our bags, did a quick wash in the lobby bathroom, and headed down to Peel Pub for some lunch & a few beers. Back to the hotel, and we could finally check in at around 5:15pm. The room was your basic 1 Bedroom Suite... It's very comparable in size & comfort to the Quality Inn on Crescent St., but the Quality Inn is about 1/2 the price.  Everything worked just fine. Both TVs, AC, bathroom, hot water, etc. The WiFi was very limited, we were barely getting 1 bar on any of our devices (1 Droid, 1 iPhone4, an iPad & 1 laptop). The pull-out bed in the couch was as comfortable (or uncomfortable) as most sofa-beds. Overall it was a very nice place, perfectly located for those looking to stay downtown... but normally it would be out of my price range. Based on only that fact, I can't see myself staying here in the future.  I'd recommend it for families on vacation (clean & very quiet at night), people traveling for business, or couples looking for a bit more of a upscale hotel.
4	We got a suite here. It was for 3 people.The space was great. Coming from NYC this was larger than most apts I have seen here. The service was great and the people were friendly at check in.Location was all right. We could have got a better location but everything is Montreal is walkable and taxis aren't that expensive.Will come back again for sure..
3	Great location, in the heart of everything. There's a metro station right across the street from the hotel, which is perfect. Great included breakfast, reliable free wi-fi. Roof terrace was a bonus. Would stay on a low floor next time, as the wait for the elevator was always long.
3	I stayed here four nights and its a very good hotel. The hotel is clean, organized and check in was fast. The staff is very friendly. I stayed on the 10th floor; the room was spacious with a full kitchen (including microwave, cookware, silverware and dishes), loveseat and flat screen television. The bathroom is not very big, but the hotel does provide toiletries and plenty of clean towels. The hotel provides a hot buffet breakfast every morning. There's also a laundry and exercise room on the top floor. It is a nonsmoking hotel (thank god!) and early check in is possible if you get there before 3pm if there's a room available.Its in the middle of everything, within walking distance of the subway (Station Peel),  the shopping on Rue St. Catherine and the Grey Line Tours depot. If you're into culture, the Museum Quarter, historic mansions & antique shops are on Rue Sherbrooke all within a 15 minute walk. There are also a ton of restaurants, but some are a bit pricey as the hotel is located in the middle of downtown. But if you want lower priced fare, you can travel to Rue Guy to the west or the area around UQAM to the east. If you don't want to leave the area, you can use the A La Carte Express book the hotel provides to order in.I didn't use a car as public transit options are plentiful, but apparently parking is expensive (about $30 a day).The only real problem with this hotel is the internet access. The hotel advertises "free wireless high speed internet" on the website and in the room - it is free and the wifi signal is strong but the speed is slow. I think the hotel's internet network just doesn't have enough bandwidth for use other than email and the occasional webpage visit. If you need streaming sites (i.e. Netflix) or corporate VPN access, forget it! The only time I experienced "high speed" service was between 12pm-3pm (between check out and check in) and before 7am.The hotel is also in a period of construction. The hotel did update the elevators so they are much faster. But as of late September 2013, they are beginning exterior work. So when you come to the hotel, the ground floor entrance is under scaffolding.
1	Stayed here a few times years ago.  I had a good experience both times until I found a vibrator in the bed.  (My glasses fell behind the bed's head board, so I reached down to find them, but instead I found a vibrator.)  I was grossed out and lodged a complaint at the downstairs lobby.  The concierge refused to believe that we found the vibrator in the bed and instead accused us of planting it in the room to leverage a free stay.  Insulting to say the least.
3	During our trip to Montreal, we split our stay between two different hotels to take advantage of special rates.  Coming to the Residence Inn from one of the grand 5-star hotel palaces felt like a bit of a letdown.  There was no grand lobby with expansive space, no long counter with four or five clerks and no concierge desk to book tours or dinner reservations.  And while the room was larger, it wasn't as nice as where we came from.  Still, there are many reasons to like this hotel.The front desk staff was just as good as our 5-star hotel, friendly, helpful and customer driven.  We thought we had a great location at our 5-star hotel, but the Residence Inn was even better, convenient to restaurants, attractions, McGill University and only  1/2 block from the subway.  There is an extensive breakfast buffet, a great money saver that included four hot items (always eggs, meat and some type of potato), cereal, oatmeal, yogurt, fruit, bagels, breads, pastries, juice, coffee and tea.  Plus, there is a business center with free internet and a lounge area with sofas, television and a fireplace.The room itself felt a little dated with its low ceiling and came with a few quirks.  Air conditioning is provided by a window unit and when the water was running at the bathroom sink the bathtub would gurgle!  Along with a kitchen and counter bar for seating, there was a sofa bed that couldn't be unfolded because the bed blocked its path.  Odd.  Still, it's a great value, especially for long term stays.  There are laundry facilities on the top floor, along with a basic gym and a wonderful, but underused, terrace with beautiful views.  Make sure you check out the views from the top floor terrace.Unless you demand the highest level of luxury, the Residence Inn will more than meet your needs.
