4	I called this company and the next day the AC problem was resolved.    They seemed more honest than the last company I dealed with and I was happy with the services provided.  I'll use them again and see if they merit 5 stars.   (4 stars is as far as I can go with new vendors until I get more experience with them but I think they were pretty darn good.)
5	I found these guys online (not on Yelp). I've used different HVAC service companies in the past.  Air Wizards H & C were willing to come out same day, and their on-sight diagnostic fee was VERY reasonable.  A technician came out within the timeline promised and diagnosed the problem and said they had the equipment to repair my compressor motor on the same day.  My upstairs A/C was working within 45 minutes of the diagnosis and the repair was competitively priced.I would consider Air Wizards Heating and Cooling to be:_ prompt_ no hassle_ competitive_ capable.Thanks.[note: it has only been a day or so, so far]
1	I found this company on Craigslist.  I left them a message and wrote them an email on a Friday and they did not return my call or email.  I ended up calling them Monday afternoon and requested to have a technician fill up my refrigerant.  I was told, "well it's hot right now so everyone's a/c isn't getting as cold as it should" and did not offer to send a technician.I ended up calling another company and they had a technician at my house the same day.  Their technician tested my refrigerant and found out my unit was low.  Go figure.  After they filled my refrigerant, my unit started blowing cold air and was working excellent.  I wouldn't recommend this company to another consumer due to my experience.
1	I recently hired this guy for my central heating problem. Since I hired them before for my AC and they did a great job. He check out my heating unit in the attic and told me my ignition module is bad, then I told him I had ordered and already replaced that one and it wasn't working. He replied that "his works" ! He charged me $275 for it which I didn't mind because the heater was working now. I asked him for my old module because I wanted to return it since the vendor sold me an inoperative one, he said he threw somewhere in the attic. I went up there couldn't find my removed module. I called him up he replied "oh sorry it's in my pocket". I asked him to bring it back please. He returned handed me a unit real quick and drove off. I looked at the part and it wasn't the one I ordered. Part number didn't match. I went back up to the heating unit found the module that I had ordered and installed still on there. Basically he never replaced it with a new one. I am an Aircraft technician, I have a lot of experience removing and replacing parts. Anyways called him up, he didn't know what I was talking about. Long story short he charged me $275 for a quick reset..Will never hire him again !!!!
1	SCAMMERS SCAMMERS.....Horrible Technician.....He wanted to replace my smart valve...for 800 dollars....called another company and they charged me 75 dollars...What a rip off...It wasnt even the smart valve....Just a wire....SCAMMERS SCAMMERS
1	Wish I'd seen reviews on this company before hiring. He came to balance our system..first time last winter he charged me $300 bucks...when he came out during hot months there was another charge. Only thing this guy balanced was his check book! ALWAYS check the reviews before hiring....word of mouth is the best way to find services in this town. (Until the get wise to their bad rep and change the name of the company!)
1	This guy is a total CROOK....totally incompetent.He came to my house, charged me $100 to diagnose my unit.He went into the attic, replaced 2 fuses and left. (the fuses looked likethey were in his truck for ten years)He never even checked pressures in the system.Five minutes after he left, the unit quit working again.It turned out the unit was low on refrigerant.When I called him and told him I wanted my money back, he hung up on me.While at my house, I asked him where he went to school to learn a/c....his answer: "I never went to a/c school...I learned everything on the job."This guy advertises on Craigslist ten times a day so I'm sure he gets a lotof calls from unsuspecting customers.His business card says he's licensed...I'll be checking on that.STAY AWAY FROM THIS GUY.....HE'S TOTALLY INCOMPETENT.HIS NAME IS BILL ST&$#@.....HIS CARD SAYS HE'S THE OWNER.BY THE WAY....THERE ARE NO "TECHNICIANS" EXCEPT HIM...HETOLD ME HE'S THE ONLY ONE IN THE "COMPANY"....WHAT A JOKE.
