3	Randomly changing it up from Subway...and I had a coupon :o) Thank goodness for the coupon...Had the Chipotle Philly--yummy! Cheesey and meaty, included onions and peppers. There was another option with jalapenos and shrooms that sounded pretty good too. Choice of wheat or white bread and they slice the meat right there.Since it was a hot sub, I ended up waiting about 5-10 minutes from when I paid. Here's why I thank the coupon--$7 for the sammich! Not the meal, just the sammy. I understand that not everywhere has a $5 footlong, but for the meal, you're approaching $9/$10. Seems kinda steep for a sammich, a bag o chips, and a drink. But, there were numerous people in there, so maybe that's just me. Employees: a couple of them were really nice (and apologized for the wait), one of them not so much. Kinda made me feel like I had to apologize for coming in and that it was a pain to ring up my order. Same goes with customers, but they don't have any control over those...
4	I love the chipotle mayo on mycheesesteak.
5	Great food great service
1	First off, I really hoped I would like this place, because I crave good sandwiches, and I absolutely hate Subway.  My daughter said she was done with over half a sandwich left, I was just like, "There's no way you're telling me you're full off of a couple of bites."  She leaned over and whispered, "It's not good, take a bite and see for yourself."  I did, and it was disgusting.  We think it was the mayo; it tasted like formaldehyde, which brought back dissecting memories from childhood, I almost puked.  I spit my bite out and told her to throw it away.  I ordered a Philly Cheesesteak.  The guy behind the counter was very friendly, talking about how their cheesesteaks are the best and win awards.  I tried it, and it was pretty bad, I couldn't even finish my sandwich.  After a few bites, I threw mine away as well.Unfortunately, we didn't like it and would not go back.
5	Seriously soo good. They make your sandwich huge and use really fresh ingredients. So much better than Subway or Jimmy Johns!! Get the sweet peppers on top!
2	Usually in a sub shop you get to choose your toppings! Not necessarily so here. Went in with a friend. Ordered Club Sub in a tub. Pretty good salad. Also ordered a Cheesesteak. Place was packed with a line heading to the door. Thought that meant good things. Actually meant they move at a snails pace. Got to the register to pay and never saw them start to make the cheesesteak. That's because it was premade, wrapped in foil. 3 times the cashier tried to ring me up for my tub and the sub ordered by the guy behind me in line. That's because she couldn't find my cheesesteak either!  Finally the sub appeared from a shelf or drawer below the counter. When I tried to order fountain drinks I was told "no ice today".  Hmmmm....105 degrees outside.  Ice would have been nice in my drink.  Maybe this was a bad day at JM's.  Might try it again..........might not.
4	Finally decided to try this place out since its next to my coffee place.  I though it was pretty good and the service was quick and friendly.  They were pretty busy and the place was clean too. I got the Jersey Shores Favorite and thought it was pretty good and I liked that they sliced the meat right then and there.....no opening the package in front of you like another sandwich place!  I will definitely be back!
4	My boyfriend and I stopped in for some subs one night. We had a coupon and it was a good deal. The place is clean, the staff are very friendly, and the food was pretty good. The bacon on my sandwich was actually crispy which I don't often find at other sub shops. The guy who rang me up at the cash register was super nice. He threw in a couple free cookies when I told him it was our first time there which was pretty cool. I think more places could benefit from having someone like him working with customers. All in all, I will be back!
2	Look, honestly the place has nice subs. Perhaps the sub itself can go toe-to-toe with that of Subway. The menu, however, needs to be expanded. There are a limited amount of subs available, and even though you can create your own the selection is still limited. I hate to turn this review into a "Jersey Mikes vs Subway" but I can't help it! I'd (3) things about Jersey Mikes stands out to me in comparison to Subway: your choice of cold wraps, the hot subs don't fall apart right away, and the subs are larger (and accommodate more items).The joint itself is nothing special, although having three TVs can definitely work for some people.NOTE TO OWNER(S): Expand your menu and we can be friends.
4	I had heard good things about the sandwiches here. When I told the guy behind the counter that it was my first visit he gave me a free cookie. Bonus!  Overall great sandwich combo. Two thumbs way up!
3	The place is clean.   3 guys working there, two guys at counter pretty cool.  One cleaning the tables a total whiner in front of customers.  Got the italian.  Ok its no Subway.  Whoever compared it to Subway is not even close.  The sandwich is like Chompies but WAY SALTY.  I think its in the shaker they shook on it.  Verdict is still out as the salt is still overwelming.   I think I just need to supervise the kids making it.
5	This was my first time. I was very pleased with the service, food and the value. The bread is soft with just enough firmness to hold this monster together. The meat is sliced fresh for your order. They have a great vinegar oil mix that compliments the sandwich well. I wil be Namco for more.
4	I love Jersey Mikes! This location is right near my work, and i have been very satisfied with it. The reason i am giving it a good review is because the employees are always very nice and helpful, and the food is always awesome. The reason i only gave 4 stars instead of 5, is because sometimes the amounts of condiments that you order can vary from employee to employee. I would definitely give it a 5 star review if they had more consistency there.
2	mehh........sandwich wasnt horrible but they could be using better quality lunch meat it tasted like prepackaged lunch meat from the supermarket
5	I have been coming to this location for a year or so. Literally a staple for me 3-4 days a week. Now after moving to Safford I literally dream of this place. Fresh meats, fresh cheeses, fresh bread, how can you go wrong? The employees here are phenomenal. Every time I am back in the valley I will be here.
2	Wife just came home with Mike's, she says they all whined when she walked in the door at 800pm, "we just cleaned the grill" she asked "well what time do you close?" answer 900, then they proceeded to jack up her order saying they only have one size, and made one of the sandwiches on the wrong bread, not noticed till she got home, the food tasted fine, the food is usually fine just the service has always been mediocre at best.  Hire some people that care about what they do even if it is just making sandwiches.
1	Stopped in here to try it for first time. Prices for a sub shop are a little higher side. Then when I went to pay with debt card my total showed up with the option to add 10% 15% or 20% tip. The only other option was other so I clicked it and it took me to a window I could put in the exact tip I wanted to leave. The cashier said something and I apologized and said I just was not use to having to tip at a sub shop. I clicked the 10% button feeling obligated but then Someone behind casher made a comment "he did not tip did he" I was embarrassed and angered at same time. What is it I tipped for? They rang up my order. So does that mean I need to tip anyone at a cash register. Grocery store, auto parts store?? Tipping someone to do job is bs and I will not be back! To me is is a company issue for basically forcing you to tip and then a respect issue with what the employee said. Cost me 20 of a regular sub and a child's sub. Same thing at subway would have been less than half that. Maybe I am out of date on who I am suppose to tip but they never came to table or did anything other that make a sandwich. I got my own drink.
