2	I can't comment on the cleanliness of the locker room.  When I go in I keep my head down and try not to dilly-dally in there too long. For some reason all the guys that are too big in some areas and too small in others like to walk around nekked for extended periods of time. It's best not too spend much time there.I do agree with the first reviewer that the front desk personnel typically do not talk when taking your card. Usually there are multiple people behind the counter and they do talk, but only to each other. I did hire a personal trainer for a few months and I wasn't too happy with him. The manager was cool and the trainer I had the first time was cool, but my regular guy didn't do anything with me I wasn't doing on my own - and it was costing me $160 per month to do that, plus the $25 gym fee.I do like the group classes. I have hit the spin class a few times and I like the Latin Impact class they offer, which is Zumba, but they didn't pay for the rights to call it Zumba. Must just be that location because other LA Fitness locations do have Zumba on the schedule. Either way, it's fun and the two instructors are good. I have experienced some slipping with a couple of treadmills, but most of the other machines are operational. I have seen workers cleaning them, so while I am not sure how often, I do know they do clean them.  When I come already dressed, hit the treadmill and a group class, I find the experience good. I would have liked the training better with the first guy, but overall I think it was a little pricey.
1	Unfortunately, the staff (non-instructors) here are severely incompetent, in particular the sales manager. My experience pertains to bringing a family member to the gym in order for her to try out the gym, which resulted in a  verbally abusive, utterly unprofessional encounter.Upon inquiring of the staff in-person previously, I was instructed by the front desk staff to apply for a 1-week trial membership in person at the gym, as opposed to downloading online (3-day passes only). Rather than acknowledging his staff had thus misinformed me, this sales manager was extremely offended that I maintained this was the instruction I had received, and denied that the gym ever provides 1-week memberships. Verbatim, he dismissed his entire front desk staff: "don't talk to them, they don't know anything, they should direct you to the sales staff." Ironic that he would both treat his client and staff with outright rudeness.Fortunately, am here on a short-term membership plan, would never consider long-term membership at this location.
4	I am not a member of LA Fitness so this review is just for the front desk staff & smoothie bar. I have been wanting to try a new protein/whole foods supplement powder called "Pure Trim" and it seems you can only buy it online(in packs of 10). I found out from a friend though that this LA Fitness location happens to carry it! I ventured over there one day when I was in the area and asked the girl at the front desk if I could just grab a smoothie, even though I am not a member. She was super polite and showed me exactly where it was. The man working the smoothie bar was incredibly helpful and made me a smoothie exactly the way I wanted using the Pure Trim powder. He also let me try a shot of the liquid multivitamin the Pure Trim company also sells. He only charged me $3 for the smoothie (which is the cost of the individual powder packet) unlike Whole Foods who seriously charges for the protein powder packet and then the entire cost of a regular smoothie and you end up with a ridiculous $8+ smoothie that doesn't even taste good! I really appreciated that and if I am ever in the area again (which is very rare) I will definitely stop in for another one :)
1	This place is horrible!!!!!  The staff is everything you hope a staff would not be - think aggressive, rude, inconsiderate!  I wish Cassandra O. hadn't given them a 5 star rating, cause it severely skews what they deserve - but please take her review for only what it describes...the food!  I drive all the way to 24 Hour fitness just so I don't have to deal with these people.  Mind you I live less than a block away from LA fitness & I drive 10miles to work out at 24...I think that really says something.  If I could give them a zero star rating I would.  Its not even worth trying a week free if thats what someone is thinking.  Management should really read the things we write and consider some layoffs. PS (the assessment employee took my body fat % when I first arrived - before I had even decided to sign up - and admitted to me that they tell potential customers their body fat % is higher (about 10%) just to make them feel bad about themselves so they will sign up) BEWARE!
3	We have belonged to this gym for 4 years now. My husband and I are the 'self motivated' sorts that do not need personal training or anyone to 'smile prettily at us' when we walk in. "We come in, scan our key card and proceed to the work out. I clean my cardio machines before and after I use them (with the foam/paper towels provided by the gym). There are those irresponsible folks that will sweat all over equipment and then just move along... cannot hold the gym responsible for that though.     The music is not to my liking, but I take the MP3 player and headphones ensure I am not overly annoyed. I have found the 5am crowd to be more 'serious' about their workouts and they usually have towels to clean the equipment. My husband and I take our own hand towels to wipe things down on the lifting floor. We also rerack our own weights, but not all folks do... again, you cannot blame the management for their patron's misbehaviors.     I am very picky about cleanliness, and the locker rooms, bathrooms, showers and sauna are ALWAYS clean. I see the signs about the perils of steroid usage, but I do think that is mandated by law.      Now to address a few things mentioned in other reviews: When equipment is 'out of order' I have noticed it is repaired within a day or two. When getting my body fat analyzed, it is a digital hand held machine that would be IMPOSSIBLE to add 10% to. I think the comment about them adding 10 percent must be fabricated. I cannot speak about the sales folks, because we have been members so long that our sales guy is long gone. I will speak to the personal trainers though... My coworker has had 2 trainers there, the first one she 'fired' for texting during her session, and for a lack of attention. Her 2nd one she has had for over 15 months and she has lost 80 pounds and over 8 dress sizes! I think trainers vary greatly there, but it is also about the level of motivation the person brings to the workouts. One last thing... 24 hour fitness is only 2 miles down the road, so the reviewer that said she drives 10 miles out of her way when she lives across the street from this LA Fitness was exaggerating greatly.      I enjoy the gym experience and LOVE the lap pool! Also, the kid care is very helpful for young families!
3	First off, it's a gym.  It's gonna be smelly, sweaty, and not able to please everyone.  Equipment breaks, but it's usually fixed within a couple days.  I think most will find that true of any gym that they've been to (stuff breaks, get over it).  I go here because it's close to home and reasonably priced. The equipment is adequate, although I do wish they had a stretching cage instead of just those little rocking chairs.  I've never used the pool, hot tub, or sauna so I can't really comment on those, but based on the other reviews, that might be a good thing.  I haven't got a chance to try their nutrition center as it's usually closed by the time I show up.  The stuff looks good, and seems resonably priced.  I usually go in, a couple hours before closing and the evening staff is friendly enough.  The girls that work the front desk are usually pretty nice, although it seems to be a different girl every couple months.  The current one even remembers my ID number and will have me checked in by the time I walk through the door.  :-)  When it comes to staff issues, I do have one complaint...  THOSE DAMN VACUUM BACKPACKS!  I understand that it's late and you're prepping for close, but do you have to vacuum and kick up mad dust right next to me while I'm doing cardio and breathing hard?!  Ok... I'm very emotionally attached to that issue, and now that I"ve got it out, I can turn off the caps lock again. lolTo cut this short, this is a decent place to come work out for the price.  If you want a fancy place to stand around and show off your new under armor, with a staff that will follow you around fanning you, try Lifetime instead (which is actually a beautiful but pricey gym).
2	I've been going to this LA Fitness ever since it opened.  Overall, all LA Fitness are great for the price for what you get.  I got the 3 year 600 dollar package, paid the 600 up front.  When it came time to renew, I wanted to do the 3 year 600 dollar deal again.  I didn't think it would be a problem.  I didn't plan on paying more or I'd go elsewhere, which would stink since I live across the street.  They gave me an issue about it, nickel and diming me, saying it was a promotional deal I got and they don't offer it.  Finally they gave in.  A few weeks later they posted on the door they were giving this deal out to a select few for a short period, so appearantly they joshed me for no reason, thanks !!  I've even heard you can wheel and deal them for 3 years 300 dollars but I'm comfortable for what I paid.  So I know when it comes time to renew, I'll go through the same crap again.  And they'll give in because something is bettter then nothing, common sense.About the staff, it was horrible for a while.  The short haired skinny blonde girl was stuck up, sometimes she would say hi, sometimes it would be in a sarcastic matter cuz she may have been bi-polar.  It seems the staff is nicer now and more pleasant when you walk in.  My biggest issue now is they don't believe in air conditioning.  This entire summer it's been a sauna in the entire building, you poor a bucket of sweat 2 minutes into the work out.  Also, the music is usually turned down really low, the tv's are never set on sports, like when big games are on or even local sports.  Hello, it's a sports gym...have sports on dummies.  So yeah, the staff is still quite lazy to do the simple things.
3	This club is more laid back and not so busy compared to some of the other locations which is nice since you never have to wait for machines. The machines could be better maintained; there are several with rips and tears. The front desk clerks aren't very personable. They don't even greet you when you come in and usually leave the scanner on the counter so you'll scan yourself - lazy.
2	the staff hang out with each other,  one day I overheard 2 guys gossiping about another co-worker  loudly dropping f bombs about how someone owes him money.   lol  this is funny but not professional
2	Reasonable monthly rates.  Good group classes.  Often busy and machines not available for use because people stand around and talk instead of actually using the machine.  Rude front desk staff who do not like to accept guest passes for some reason.
5	Pretty new to the area, club is great, I consider it a comparison to muscle beach in California, everyone here is in really good shape, gym is clean and very inviting.  Staff is knowledgeable, and have great personalities.  Not too crowded and easy to get too.
5	The great thing about this gym is that, even during busy hours, it isn't completely packed. Another great thing: the energizer bar. Love the smoothies!
3	This facility isn't bad. The people who come workout here are nice,friendly, courteous. The equipment is in great shape. Locker rooms are clean and the layout is good. There is never any drama.The bad: I would have to say the staff, but not all. The front desk is helpful when they're not busy on their cell phone, talking to each other, chumming it up with a friend, or even eating. Some of the sales people I've felt were just rude and arrogant. Take the staff out of the equation and I would bump it up to 4 stars.It's a good spot when you can scan in and get your workout in with no troubles.
1	THESE PEOPLE MUST HAVE BEEN PAID TO REVIEW THIS GYM WITH MORE THAN 1 STAR AND SAY IT IS AWESOME. THIS IS THE COMPLETE CONTRARY. I was there may be a week ago and this DISGUSTING gym  had 4 broken treadmills out of 12. *(really????!) some didnt even have broken signs posted. 2 broken bikes out of 6. the dirtiest (if that were a word) equipment ive seen. hair, sweat and sticky crap all over the buttons. the bathroom trash cans were overflowing with paper, the bathroom stalls empty on TP. and where were the cleaning crew? oh you mean the guy walking around the gym with a trash can talking to people, while staring you down??? yeah...well now you know why the place is filthy.
4	Great place to work out and very close to my house.
4	Nice place to workout. Sign up was informative without pressure. Josh Elder was awesome, easy to talk to and helpful. Ask for him and get a membership if you don't have one. I gotta say after other gym memberships this seems to be one of the best kept gyms I've been too. Didn't see broken machines like I usually would although I'm sure there is times where something's down for maintenance. Nice clean pool and spa area plus really nice locker rooms with separated bathroom area. Basketball court was nice too and people were friendly. They also have water fountains all over plus convenient small lockers for a more secure and easy to watch storage of personal items like phones or wallets which helps if you worry about placing items in locker rooms. Front desk staff is a little off at later hours but helpful and not really an issue just a note. If your worried about anything just ask Josh Elder in sign-up's for a 3-day free pass or see if he can do an extended trial if you don't feel that's long enough and I'm sure he will do his best to get you the necessary time to make a decision.
2	Staff is very unfriendly. Gym is WAY overcrowded. Wish there was a closer gym to my house as an alternative. :(
3	My usual spot to go lift since I live close its nice and clean.... Gym junkies are always around even though they look like there on roids and just full of them self's there the coolest and nicest people there. Staff not bad either ... best time to go is between 11 am -2pm because its not as busy!!
3	I joined here in 2009 with privledges to go to any location in AZ.  I moved in 2010 but never stopped my membership and the price has been the same this whole time - pretty nice.  I recently moved back to the area in 2013 - gym is pretty much the same.  A few times the sauna was out of order and no effort was made by the staff to put an out of order sign up.  We'll see if it's fixed the next time I go..lol.  On the way out the workers were on the phone and were not available to be spoken too about the out of order sign.  I also heard talk of members urinating in the pool - don't know if it's true or not but that's just gross!!
3	Sauna has been repaired - gym is missing the medicine ball.  The LA Fitness on Greenfield & 60 is much nicer but I have only been there once so I don't have much to compare yet.  This time one of the free weight benches did have an out of order sign on it so I'll see if this is fixed when I return.
2	This is the closest LA fitness to me for 10 miles. Its location isnt too terrible,  but the men's locker room smells awful. I wouldn't think anything of it if it was the afternoon or evening, but there shouldn't be any excuses at 7AM. I will be looking for the next closest locstion...
1	Joined this gym early last year with my corporate discount. Also signed up for the Kids Club. Decided late last year to freeze my membership since I would be travelling for work. Was informed that there would be a $10/mo fee to hold the account open and that I couldn't use the facility. No problem.Fast forward 6 months. Realized that on top of the $10/mo that I was also being charged an additional $10/mo for the Kids Club. Called the place to inquire about a refund on the kids club fee, since clearly if my membership was frozen I would have no need for the childcare services.  Obvious right? Not so much. Manager informed me that at the time that I froze the membership I should have also requested the kids club frozen as well.How would I have known that I needed to do this? The La fitness rep I spoke with certainly didnt suggest it at any time during our conversation. My understanding was that if my membership was frozen that any supplemental services provided by the gym would also freeze.Instead the area manager offered to "meet me halfway" and refund 3 months of charges. Unacceptable. He eventually agreed to refund 4 months of charges all while saying that that was "more than what we usually do".I cancelled my membership because this reeks of bad business.
3	It's a typical gym.  Nothing spectacular. Treadmills and stair climber seem to be out of order often. Kids Club is convenient for us mommies that need to workout without trying to find a babysitter for an hour.  I do enjoy the classes though.  The instructors are friendly and full of energy.
1	I went into this location to find a new gym for my fiance and I.. Brenden the sales membership rep was great. He took us on a tour and gave us reasonable quote for the membership. When I told Brenden I was going to come back tomorrow to finalize my decision he grabbed his general manager "Gonzo". Gonzo offered us a better deal considering he wanted to close the sale. When I told Gonzo I would be back tomorrow to finalize my decision he got very angry. He got up and walked away without saying thank you. It seemed like since I didn't seal the deal then that he got upset. I was going to go back today to join but since the GM of the store acted like a child I will be joinging else where. Great job Gonzo, your ego got in the way of a potential customer. Brenden, I recommend that your corporate office comes in and promote you to that leadership role. -Kevin
2	I signed up when the club was being built.  The LA Fitness associate sold me 3 years @ $16 a month.  I was told the rate would never change as long as I kept the membership.The first renewal was for $25 a month and no one at the club will honor the the original amount per month.  Buyer beware.
1	Worst experience ever. I moved to AZ from CA and now I cant even use my membership. I was told that it is not my home location and that I cant use their location unless I switched over. What does that mean. a manager goes in and changes the location? Really, I can work out today because your operations manager is only there from 8am to 5pm. Sorry, I am employed and I get off at 5pm. I cant ever make it there. It is policies like this that led to Bally's failing. oh yeah and it will cost $50 according to the front desk. When I signed up I was told that I can use any gym for the price. It was important to me because I use about 5 different locations in AZ and CA. If you are going to sign up, be aware, they will tell you what you want to hear just to get your money. It is not the employees at the location because they just regurgitate what they are taught. It is decisions that directors make to seem like it is a good deal and nickel and dime you every step of the way. I ask about cancelling my membership and I was told only the operations manager can do it. Bad business. Learn from my lesson and run, run out as fast as you can. You should be ashamed of yourself. In this day and age, every company needs to be transparent with their intentions. They need to make policies where it doesn't affect the loyal customers.
2	Seems to be always unorganized, weights are never put back both plates and dumbbells not sure if more signs are needed to encourage members to return weights or need more staff members walking around putting things in place. The place can be pretty smelly, muggy and just a musty smell. Not always but often it smells.
1	I stopped going there a few years ago, but when I tried to cancel for my daughter, they told me at the location to go do it online, and when online, they make you print out a form to fill out and take it into the gym to cancel. I called the corporate headquarters in downtown Los Angeles, and after some persuading, he canceled it over the phone. I thought it was canceled on August 4, but when I saw a charge on my credit card, I called to complain. I stopped my membership a few years ago, as it was dirty and never clean. The sales staff do not care about the condition of the gym, only sit at their computers. The poor custodian is not given help and cannot clean enough. The hot tub breaks down often and the bathrooms are very dirty most of the time.
2	I've been a member for a couple of years and just wanted to put my 2cents in:Joining the gym:I didnt' have any issues joining the gym like other have mentioned about the rudeness.  I signed up for 3 year contract.  It's the closest nice size gym close to my house so it's not much of a choice.  I also go the Greenfield/US 60 location at times because they have better class schedule for me...and sometimes bettter instructor.Front Desk:Not all the tme but, usually, the employees just talk to each other and ignore the customers without greeting them.  Really annoying at times specially when you acknowledge them and they can't even look at you because they are on their cell phone or chatting with another employee.Locker room:Average for the gym, lockers are nice, small sauna.Group Classes:I can only speak for the Cardio Kickboxing classes.  As a previous martial arts instructor and cardio kickboxing instructor, most of LA Fitness instructors are not very good and in this gym, it's no different.  They are really not instructors...they are more a class "leader".  I have to improvise and motivate myself since they are not really motivating, but it's the only cardio class I love to do.  They dont' have a lot of kickboxing schedule at night, just on Tue, probably because there's not much interest due to the instructors.  Majority of the classes are Zumba and Yoga (as of this writing).Equipment:Avegrage for a cheap gym.  There is a difference between a gym and a health club.  This is a gym and some equipment are just old and stiff...not smooth.  Rubber handles on some bars are slipping off and just awkward to handle.  Customers:No problems with customers...they are polite when they want to share equipment. A lot of people are in shape.  But I just mind my own business anyway...I come in, I work out, I leave.  Summary:You get what you pay for.  This is an average gym. It's not open 24 hours so if you want that, start looking for another place.  I hate the fact that they open at 8am on weekends so I have to wait until that time to workout.  I have another year but I don't have plans on extending my membership.  I'll be moving on to Lifetime or the new Village @ Ocotillo.  Yes, they are more expensive but you get way more than just a gym with equipment and free weights.  If you have kids, those 2 places are great for them.  The difference in cost between LA Fitness and upper end Health Club can be easily made up with the cost you have to spend to entertain your kids, plus, you teaching them a healthy living.
2	My membership was purchased from Pure Fitness, so the trainers leave me well enough alone and my monthly rate is practically unbeatable. I probably wouldn't go if I was paying full price.Negative: I try to go on weekdays between 6-8 to make use of the kid's club, and the free weight area is always crowded. The weights are the only reason I come here, I don't swim or take classes, so it's very difficult to keep a routine going if you're on your own. I've been to the LA fitness in Mesa and the crowd is much worse here than it was there.Positive: the kids club is really great, they have an indoor playground set and the staff has been really friendly and helpful. My daughter loves going.
2	Ive been a member for close to a year now and I feel like the quality of the club continues to decline. In general, the gym has a very dirty, unorganized feel to it. There are rarely enough collars for the bars so I usually need to hunt for them. Plates are scattered all over and looks very unorganized. There are not many cleaning stations or wipes, so equipment is rarely wiped down. A decent amount of equipment is in rough shape where rubber handles have remained missing or damaged for 6+ months. I get the sense that LA just does not invest much in the cleanliness or maintenance of the gym. The gym is crowded at most times of day, so I generally end up waiting to use equipment, especially racks and benches, which basically rules out any "quick workouts" you would want to get in. I've used the pool plenty and it is a decent lap pool with 4 lanes. However, aqua aerobic classes run weekday evenings during prime hours. Despite small attendance of just a few people, the entire pool is blocked off, so you are unable to swim laps during this time, making it very inconvenient to get a swim workout in. One of my biggest complaints about this gym is that I generally have to wait for anything I want to do here. I do only pay $30/mo and the gym is relatively close to home which are both benefits. Outside of that, there are much nicer gyms out there and I'd have a hard time recommending this particular gym.
3	We've been coming to this location since it opened approximately 9 years ago and this is the first review I've written about it.My experience, overall, has been decent...yes, sometimes there are broken pieces of equipment and smelly bathrooms and the music is awful (but I guess that's what ear buds are for).  But after visiting some other locations, I concluded that the Queen Creek gym was not so bad. That being said, I do have 2 complaints which annoy me almost every time I come in now.  1.  The Fans...as if it wasn't bad enough that the cords are now tucked up too high for any patron to reach, they've decided to keep them turned "OFF".  Yes, fans that are there and doing absolutely NO good to anyone because you cannot adjust them yourself and the gym has determined to keep them turned off. This causes, not only, more all around stench but also caused me to cut my workout short today. People don't want to smell themselves or others, one very OBVIOUS way to help the problem...keep the fans running!!!It's not like I'm going to stop what I'm doing... go the front desk, ask someone to get a ladder, and then turn on the fan, so that 10 minutes later I might be able to resume my workout. THE FANS ARE THERE, PLEASE KEEP THEM ON AND THE AIR CIRCULATING!2. The TV's...unfortunately with communal TV's, you're subjected to what channels are currently on...which seems to be entirely liberal news stations. I would love to see more "fair and balanced" news coverage with FOX News on at least half of the TV's. Please consider a more balanced approach to what you broadcast.Additionally, closed captioning would be nice so you can listen to your music while watching the news or whatever other program is on.
