3	Luckily I like cold pizza, bc thats how it was delivered after 1 hr and 45 mins. Pick the pizza up if you want a hot one.Pizza: 4/5  All the toppings were delicious but it was cold and not fresh tasting. Tasted like it sat for an hour in the guys car.Delivery: 1/5  I dont care if its free, it still takes 1 hr 45 mins to the strip. Price: 5/5  Unbeatable Under $15 a pizza with delivery tip.
3	This was another random delivery place we tried since it happened to stay open late.  The garlic balls were actually really good so we were not as upset that they had forgotten the marinara sauce.  A pet peeve of mine is when places that have take out service do not realize that salads need to be in a separate bag from the hot food and the salad arrives wilted and inedible...this is a business that did take the extra care to pack the salad separately, which is a plus.  The bf enjoyed his Cobb salad since it had the actual sliced blue cheese.  I ordered a burger and although the patty was fresh and thick, it was a bit undercooked (I asked for medium well and it was actually medium rare-I like my steaks medium rare, but ground beef needs to be cooked a bit more)...and there were no condiments on the burger at all!  It made for a forgettable burger since I do not care for bland, dry food.  The delivery was efficient and polite so we added a few bucks to the delivery charge.  The prices were comparable to the competitors...beats eating at an expensive establishment on the strip any day, especially on a night when we did not plan to go out.  This was one of the okay experiences we have had with the random pizza places we end up ordering from on a late weekday nigh when in town.
3	Stayed in Vegas and needed a late night delivery place....Found this place on the EAT24 app. We were craving Philly Cheese Stakes so my BF and I each ordered one. They took FOREVER to get to our hotel and once they were there the delivery guy wasn't too smart as to trying to find our room. (In his defense it was a little confusing and quite dark) Once we got our food up to our room it was slightly cold....The sandwich had good flavor but it could've used more "STUFF". The filling inside of the bread was a little on the short side....and the bread was a little hard/burnt in some areas. But mostly good. I am a person who loves salt and doesn't mind it on my food....however, even for me the fries had waaaayyyy too much seasoning salt on them. It was like they poured it on and the top fell off and smothered the fries. My boyfriends were salted fine though...just mine were a little much. Overall, not too bad for a place that has free delivery and stays open pretty late. Good for Vegas!
1	This is an edited review from a previous 5 star review... because oh boy have they changed... We used to order delivery from Johnny's at least 2-3 times a week for the past year or so. They are seemingly not running a a clean/safe operation anymore. They typically take about an hour or more to deliver 2 blocks away... even if it's just a salad.  Today I got a sandwich with undercooked bacon on it. They just argued with me and told me that if I thought I knew how to make bacon better than them I should make it at my own house. Okay dude... I will do exactly that. I don't NEED to order from your restaurant... So sad we can't be friends anymore but I can't have your managers and staff yelling and screaming at me over something as dangerous as undercooked food. Then you wanna yell at me b/c you gave me a couple of free ranches occasionally? How about the thousands of dollars I've given you. Nope nope nope.... I recommend going anywhere but here. Out of control.
1	Review based upon late night delivery...Delivery took a bit longer than anticipated, although I'm not sure if I should attribute that to the EAT24 services or to the kitchen at Johnny's.Just to be clear, the caprese salad is not what you're picturing in you're head.  Its a bed of greens, with some tomatoes and shredded mozzarella dribbled on top.  It wasn't necessarily bad, just untraditional and slightly misleading?  The pizza was cold and salty, but I agree with one of the previous reviewers that the toppings were tasty.  I guess you get what you pay for.Carrot cake totally passable on as well.  Would not bother to order at this restaurant again, despite the free delivery fee and the late hours.
2	The box that the pizza, calzone, or stramboli  will be delivered in will say "fresh hot pizza" rest assured this is a lie. The pizza may have a slight warmth to it. Expect garlic bread/ balls to be pretty cold and hard. I now understand that the foil around the marinara sauce is too keep it cold. (sarcasm).... The extra star is for the chocolate cake..... It was aight..... but yeah...was pretty disappointed.
1	I ordered a calzone an was delivered a pizza. The pizza was mediocre. The cheese was dry and cheap. -- The Cobb Salad was also mediocre. The Ranch dressing was disgusting. -- The Chicken Pesto pasta was the worst. It had no flavor and was super dry... the pesto sauce had no flavor and (was not fresh) looked like it came out of a jar from the grocery store. The chicken was super dry and had no flavor as well. I will definitely not be ordering from this place again.
3	Delivery took an hr and a half after placing the order. Anytime I've ordered a pizza from other restaurants delivery was a lot faster. However my boyfriend and I were pleasantly pleased with the BBQ chicken pizza. The cheesy breadsticks were alrite, nothing special but the BBQ chicken pizza was one of the better pizzas we've had since moving here. We enjoyed the food but low stars for how long it took to deliver when my apartment was only a 3 minute drive from the restaurant.
4	omg so far my fav. place to get a white pizza from !! and the wings we so plump and tender !! it was a amazing experience hot fresh LOTS of cheese great specials and the driver was SO nice !!
3	We called in an order online to be delivered to my Condo this afternoon. We decided on a white pizza, mild wings, mozzarella cheese sticks and cheese cake. The order came in a good time, the food was hot and very tasty and the delivery guy was cute. Too bad I was only in the mood to get stuffed with food that day.It was a sweet and simple experience. I attached photos...
5	Sooooooooo. We came tonight from Money Play.  It was crazy there and we couldn't get service.  The bar here wasn't as swamped and the drinks were the right price!  3.75 for a Cuervo silver and oj!  But the food.  We got 40 wings and a side of fries.  It came to 31.00.  Everything was so yummy!  Diana the server was really great.  She helped us a lot!.
1	Ordered delivery. Food was not good. The chef needs to chill out with the garlic! I ordered the Alfredo pesto pasta with shrimp. It was so disgusting. Tiny mini shrimp and the Alfredo had raw garlic throughout. I couldn't eat it. It came with over buttered raw garlic bread, couldn't eat that either. Than the side salad with ranch dressing. The ranch was a paste and it tasted like raw garlic again. My husband ended up having delicious ribs and wings. They sent him the incorrect wing flavor. Recipes need to be fine tuned, add roasted garlic or be lighter on the garlic, add milk to dressing to thin it out, get rid of the small insect looking shrimp it's nauseating.
1	Order from here often, and usually it's ok, but I know what I'm getting so it was not a big deal. Today, however, took the cake. I ordered a small pizza for delivery. What showed up was a doughy mess with some cheese melted on it...it looked like the crust was burnt so they cut it off and melted a new crust to it...it was beyond inedible.
5	I have been in Vegas for 3 weeks and have tried a few pizza places for late night delivery, all have been disappointing. Johnny's is the exception. Both times I have ordered the food came hot and fresh. I am not sure why it has poor reviews. I will surely order from them again, and so should you.
1	I've ordered $60 worth of meal to my hotel room after a long tiring day, waited 60 minutes (no problem with waiting time, we've been warned about it) finally got my pasta. I was super hungry, but there was no plastic fork (or anything) to eat the pasta. I called the place they offered to bring one but not with an apologetic tone!
2	I wish we read reviews before we ordered. Someone slid a menu under our hotel door so we decided to try it. The person on the phone taking our order was very rude. She kept asking for the address but if you brought menus here dont you know where it is? Why is the name of the hotel not enough? She kept asking for my credit card number before I was done ordering. She said 45 minutes for delivery. After 90 mins I call back and she says the delivery man already left he will be there any minute and hung up. When he finally gets there the order is WRONG and there are no napkins or silverware. On a brighter note, the wings were good although they were not the flavor we ordered. The pizza was not hot and had a very fishy smell. We discovered it had shrimp on it which is weird because it was supposed to be a philly cheesesteak pizza. We also ordered a gondola. It looked pretty but we specifically said scrambled eggs but it came sunny side up.  We spent $70 and didn't even eat half of it because it was so wrong.
