1	This complex used to be called Haven Luxury, but has been taken over by a new management group. When the new management group took over, these apartments went to hell. I have had nothing but issues with these people. They have lost 5 of my packages in the office. When asked about them, they say to contact UPS, FedEx, etc. When said carrier tells you they don't have them and that the package was left at the office, the office staff pretty much says, "tough sh**". There priorities are not in the right place. I renewed my leading agreement 11 months ago. Before I renewed, we were promised a renovated gym and laundry facilities. They said they would be ready within 4 months. Guess what, 11 months later and they just opened up the gym. The staff, for the most part is OK. It's a 50/50 chance that you will get someone who is nice and not a stuck up snob. All in all, I would say look elsewhere for a place to live. The area is nice and I have never had an issue with the folks that live around me. The staff has ruined my experience.
1	Well I really wish there was an option for 0 stars. Let me start off by saying I am not a "negative Nancy" but boy did this place rub me the wrong way.  The staff is a joke, in the 11 months I have lived here I have had packages lost, my apartment key lost (by them), endless construction OOOOOO and the water shut offs twice a week, and when I went to renew my lease they couldn't even find it . Ever wake up in the morning before work and think dang I need a shower ? Then you get in the shower turn the water on....wait there IS no water. They literally do this twice a week. Did I mention the endless construction ?      One thing I will say is the maintenance staff is pretty nice. They can not really do anything though. One member of the maintenance staff was telling me how big of a joke the maintenance program is here. They tried to fix my leaning counter twice with silicone. WHO DOES THAT?! I asked the maintenance guy and he told me they denied his request for a $3.00 bracket that would fix this whole issue. Needless to say for 11 months I had a counter that you couldn't set anything on.      They also are not very good at building layouts. There's 2 sides of the complex and 2 building A's, 2 building B's....that doesn't make sense. Do you have any idea how hard it is to get a pizza delivered or how to tell a friend to get here. Multiple times I have had people knocking on my apartment door, looking for the other building with the same letter, and vise versa.   When I went to check out for good they would not let me do a walk through, the maintenance guy left at 1. Ok that's fine can I schedule one for tomorrow,,  no but he will be inspecting it at 7. Perfect can I schedule an appoint at that time with him.......no. Why not I asked. I was told the office wouldn't be open. Yes ok and what does that have to do with me walking through my old apartment with the maintenance supervisor ? So I guess I will be waiting outside my apartment at 7 am for this guy/ Then I was told the manager couldn't do it either because she had plans and was leaving in 30 minutes.  After I figured out the girl I was talking to was absolutely clueless and wouldn't let me speak to the manager, I put my head down and started writing this review.     I don't like to bash but If I am going to be paying $850/moth, I expect to be able to speak to someone who is not a compete ditz.      I did meet a lot of cool people and made some new friends, to bad they agree with me too about all of this. IF I COULD GIVE YOU ON PIECE OF ADVICE, IT WOULD BE NOT TO MOVE HERE UNLESS YOUR INTO HORRIBLE SERVICE, RUDE STAFF, AND JANKY AINTENCE.
1	Just moved out of this apartment at May and got pissed off. The apartments I used to lived before never had so many problems such as this one. Not only the water cuts off every one or two weeks, but the ridiculous rules that make you responds for every mistakes for yourself. There was a time when the second floor is leaking water in its dish washer, and the water went all the way down to my floor within the wall. Whole room smells and that took them several days to solve. No apologies or anything made. I have moved out of apartment at May and they told me will email me whenever condition checking is. After I came back from California at June until July I have neither receive email or letters for notification. While I finally go back their office and check my status they told me I had a balance due and it is my responsibility to solve this since they sent the letter to my new address (which I never received). Now they probably got my information in collection company which gonna hurt my credit as they said in their office. Just go other place I you don't want to mess up your life with this kind of issues. If there is a zero star, I bet many people would give it.
5	I have lived at the community since April of 2013 and I can honestly say I absolutely love my apartment! I have lived on the non renovated and renovated side and can't complain. The renovations are beautiful with stainless steel appliances and granite counter tops. My split floor plan two bedroom is perfect for my roommate and I.  The location is fantastic with stores and restaurants walking distance and the asu theme and fans is always fun. The cashiers at the 7/11 and chevron actually know me by name because I stop in so frequently haha but who can blame me you can walk to them!! The pool is always fun and I have met so many great friends in the complex! Maintenance is always quick with the small things that have came up (lights out, air filter change, and changing out my locks when I needed it-ex boyfriend problem yikes!) haha so I'm happy. I would (and often due) recommend this complex to my friends.
2	I've been living here for about two years.  Let me tell you my experience (not all items are negative):1) I would estimate every few weeks you can expect the water to be either entirely shut off or not to have hot water.  You should expect this with little or no notification.  Since the construction has been over it has been better, but it still happens about every month.  Since I've never had my utilities shut off before (two years at another location) this is a big negative.2) There building numbering system duplicates apartment numbers with one set being at 1440 and the other at 1500.  So you should expect people to show up at your place in accordance with your alter-apartment-ego's lifestyle.  3) As far as packages go - expect delays.  The 'system' involves employee's writing your apartment number in large letters on the package and shelving it in accordingly.   That being said, I've had two packages misshelved because the wrong apartment number was written on it.  I've had another package lost entirely.  One other package I'm unsure exactly what happened, but I had to call the post office to come and retrieve it for me.  Needless to say, the staff is sympathetic but generally unwilling to take the effort to sort through all the packages that help you.  Do not expect notifications that they've received a package for you.  When possible, have your packages shipped to a PO Box or local UPS/FedEx store.4) Online payment involves a convenience fee.  I'm not sure why this is the norm across apartments, but I dislike it - why charge a fee that saves on labor associated with processing paper checks?  Because it costs money to keep that aspect of service open and not everyone uses it?  I hardly/don't use the grills, pools, clubhouse, nor gym; but I'm pretty sure I'm paying to keep them operation.  Itemizing 'conveniences' is decidedly inconvenient.  Also, you should expect the website to be down or non-functional during pay periods - so just pay by check.5) Maintenance.  A little slow to fix problems that aren't emergencies, but otherwise alright.  Ground crews come around to pick up trash from neighbors who don't pick up after their dogs but aren't as thorough as you'd like to be.6) General Paperwork and Notifications.  Expect delays and errors.  I had a standing balance on my account for months that was the result of an error on their end.7) Events.  They throw events from time to time.  I don't go, but they sound interesting.8) Neighbors.  They are generally college-age and young professionals.  Reasonably quiet.  Occasional party noise.9) Solicitors.  They come.  They leave things on your door or try to get you to buy magazines by pretending to be an interesting person.  10) Pools are clean, nicely maintained, and are made in interesting shapes.  The grills and fitness center are also nice.11) Internet connection.  This was almost non-existent when I moved in.  One outlet did not even provide a connection.  The other was incredibly slow and required a new line to be run out.
1	My boyfriend and I were set to move in here in the beginning of August, but as soon as we got our keys there were bugs everywhere. The staff was generally helpful in dealing with the problem and seemed concerned that we were experiencing such issues. The bugs were so bad that we couldn't even move our bed in for fear of bed bugs and other infestation. We (thankfully) got out of our lease but were not reimbursed for the two weeks that we had to deal with cockroaches and pester the office staff to get out of the lease. They told us that there were no other pest issues in the complex but I find it extremely hard to believe that our apartment was the only cockroach infested one out of so many units.It's a hassle to deal with if you have problems, and we found a much cleaner place for the same price nearby- don't waste your time and money!
1	The ONLY reason this is one star is simply because of the people who work in the office. The girls are all so rude every time I call they cut me off and have such an attitude with me its so annoying and I feel like I can't even go in or call in and actually be helped. Only suggestion to these apartments: REPLACE YOUR STUCK UP STAFF.
4	I have been living in Onnix(Haven) for 8 months.After Alliance took over the management this complex became a better place to live.I made great friendships in this place.First of all it is a fun place to live.If you are looking for fun and good friends this is a place to live.Office and maintainance employees are pretty nice people.
1	Okay, so my roommate and I have moved out and paid these people off and now I'm ready to write my review.1. The one star that yelp requires me to give is for the maintenice team since they are the most pleasant people in the entire complex. They responded quickly and were always SO SO nice.2. My biggest complaint about Onnix is the front office staff. Before I go on I must say, the male staff members were always nice so this is not about them. I don't know what the heck is going on with the women in this office. The lady in charge of accounting is RUDE avoid her. When moving out, I asked another lady for a copy of my lease and she gave me someone else's lease I didn't notice until I got home but I had someone else's information because this lady was a ditz, at least she was kinda nice. The worst time was with a lady I think her name was Heather- maybe not? I don't remember because I was SO upset! I called because my maintenance guy was 10 min late (which wasn't a problem) just wanted to make sure he was still coming! She automatically got SUPER defensive and rude, and I was being so sweet!!! She kept going on about how the maintence come anywhere within a 3 hr span, however the girl the day before had made me a specific appointment. Do NOT expect these people to ever be on the same page about anything. And when you are trying to ask questions expect to be interrupted by loud rants from defensive maniacs. They are nice so nice, until you sign a lease, then honeymoon stage is over and you are nothing but bothersome. Rudest staff members I have ever met I am appalled by the women in that office... 3. The water doesn't go off twice a week like some reviews say BUT it does go off once a month and there is almost no notice. It is incredibly inconvenient. Umm what if you have to use the restroom in the morning? Welp it's gonna be there all day so think about that once a month... 4. The asthethics of the apartments are great, they look good on the outside and the inside is renovated on the A side (where I was). However do not be fooled these buildings are VERY old that's why the waters always getting turned off, that's why half of my 2 bedroom apt was always HOT no matter what. I advise whoever in the master to buy a large fan!!! 5. Who ever designed these apartments must have been drunk. Do not move into an apt where the refrigerator is next to the pantry, because guess what you can't open your refrigerator all the way so good luck trying to clean it or open the bottom drawer. 6. Constant issues with the Internet and the technicians always said it was because onnix was old and its a mess (wires and such). 7. They call themselves luxury apts but the only luxury thing about them is what they charge you! There are no gates so anybody feel free to come in and litter ads everywhere, oh and also there was a shooting in the parking lot last year and my friends car ended up with a bullet hole from a stray bullet. There was also a party last year and some guy on drugs ran naked in the courtyard in front of my apt yelling obscenities, I called the cops, they tazered him 4 times till he finally went down. I'd like to know what he was on. But my point is security is a joke and non existent. I know this was a long review, but I really wish I would have never given these people SO much money. They are terrible. And if you move in to a place that has 2 stars on yelp, you're kinda asking for a bad experience. Good luck, and look elsewhere!
1	Change the name from Haven but I guess you can't change the issues once again I am sitting in my apartment with No Water for probably the 9th time this year and that's no counting the times when the Hot water is shut off. How do you continuously shut the water off for the evenings why wouldn't you fix the issue during the day when most residents are at work or school, but No not the Onnix they shut it off right in time for dinner Genius!!! Combine this with the fact that despite my several requests to have the lights around the complex fixed so it's not pitch black when walking the dog at night which would be nice considering the criminal history around the complex I was told that they were not changing the lights because it was to much of a hassle due to the frequency of the bulbs going out, well maybe call up the old Haven management team since they fixed the problem and the lights lasted for a year at least. I think this just goes to the general attitude of the management and office team who have perfected the art of making you the resident feel like you are being rude by placing any type of request in to them.... Perhaps Moe from the Simpsons runs there marketing team "can't someone else do it"I will say that a separate review could be made for the night maintenance guys they have to deal with everyone coming back from work to No water since the office crew all but runs out the door not 1 sec past closing, and they handle it so well, the night crew should teach the office crew how customer service should be done
3	Overall it's a fine place to live. While I have a few complaints I enjoy other things. So here goes the list, complaints:Water is seriously shut off every other week. Sometimes no warning. Fix all the parts so this can stop. So inconvenient and my biggest complaint. Staff misleads you about what you'll be paying for each month- aka - water/ trash/ sewer will be added which is normally included in my past apartments. Despite the water being my main complaint, I have a 1 bedroom and love it. It's clean and the kitchen renovations look so nice. All appliances work. Maintenance comes within a day. Friendly pet policy. Not a ton of noise and feels safe. Itn my opinion it's not as terrible as some reviews make it sound. Water situation could be fixed much better but that aside, I'd live here again.
