4	Fresh food, great selection, For less than $10.00 a person. hard to beat.
1	China Star used to be my fave.  We're talking... I was there every 4-5 days for several months straight.  The cooks or owners moved from the sister location at 43rd and Bell, also a former Red Lobster building, I think, because suddenly that china boofay sucked and this one was my crispy-chewy happy double lucky place to be.I was well on my way from my usual paradoxically doughy, yet svelt, bod --looking like a mad scientist's genetic cross between David Spade and Vin Deisel -- rapidly growing towards the likes of my all-time china-boofay hero, John Pinette.  And then, in true "YOU BEEN HEAH FO' OWAH ! " Pinette-ish fashion, I came to know the wrath of Sam (probably not his real name).  This manager or whatever he is just does not like me, all my repeated business over the months be damned!I guess he caught on to my (and many other's) idea that we could show up at a buffett around the end of the Lunch period and before the start of the Dinner period, and pay the lunch price for a first round of lunch foods, and then all of your seconds, thirds , eighths,  are chosen from the newly put out dinner dishes.  Did I mention I was cheap?  Okay.  So Sam did not like the whole idea of this, and I'm not sure what kind of back-kitchen meetings they held about revenue-generating ideas, but they came up with a plan to stop it.So even though Lunch is posted on their sign, door, printed menus, etc, as ending at 4:00pm, when Dinner begins, they started to charge the Dinner price at 3:45pm.  Pblllttpppbbbllltt!! {sound of a 'rasberry', for the onomotopeiaically challenged}  Mind you they do not even begin to put out the new Dinner items until around five minutes after 4 o'clock.When I protested, and mentioned that I don't even eat seafood, which makes up the bulk of the new dishes put out for the Dinner menu, Sam does not care, and gets angry when I point out that the printed menu and sign say 4:00pm.Due to the line of customers waiting behind me to pay, Sam quiets his obvious anger and says it okay this time, we pay Lunch price but we only get 20 minutes to eat and then we have to be done, and he's going to check to make sure no Dinner items are on our plates!!!!!This really ticks me off, and I turn into Mr. Angry Customer/  Like Mr Furious from Mystery Men, my super power is to get really, really mad, but I've vowed only to use my powers for the Consumer Good. I begin spouting about all the business I've brought this place and how I'm going to contact the attorney general's office and have them come in and do some sort of consumer pricing audit, or something like that.  As usual, this technique only results in everyone in the lobby -- Sam, the other customers, my wife -- thinking that I'm a complete lunatic.  So instead of my intended desire of having my protest elicit a mob-mentality massive walkout or sitdown or picket line or some other such psuedo-political nonsense, all I succeed in doing is embarrass my wife and make the line of customers behind me all-the-more anxious to step up and pay their hard earned plastic; at whatever price: they don't even care.(I wasn't just Mr Angry Customer, though, since I really did go online and send a note to the AG's office, and they sent back a form letter saying, well, basically, nothing at all.)I hope that other consumers out there will join me in refusing to put up with BS like this when we encounter it.Sam, I've got a dollar store digital wrist watch here for ya.  My present, from me to you.  I've set the time 15 minutes ahead, so you can point to it with exaggerated gestures when you argue with customers about how much they have to pay at what time.  No, that's okay, I can afford it.  I went down the street and paid the lunch price for my china boofay instead of your inflated 'Linner' price.[food still worth 3.5 stars]
2	Okay, so after reading a super hilarious recent spiel about the personal trainer and the Yelp Menace in Cali, I reread my review and decided that even if I don't want to patronize this establishment anymore, I want my review to be fair (and I don't want to be listed as a menace, now, do I).So since I rated the service a 1 and the food a 3.5, I think a 2 is a more appropriate overall score than my original 1. I forced myself to eat lunch there one more time to confirm that the food is tasty enough to warrant this adjustment, and it is.  I went around 2:00pm-ish to avoid trouble, and no, I did not bring Sam the watch.
3	I dropped in here today to have lunch with Mike C & Norm R & see if we all agreed on Ryan C's 2-Star review.  Here's my take on the place:China Star is nice inside, & fairly big, with lots of good seating choices.  If you sit at a table, the chairs have rollers on the legs that have just the right amount of "hold", so that they don't scoot around, yet it's easy to get up for your fourths!.  The lighting is good, there was no TV blaring, & the acoustics were excellent, keeping the sound of the good crowd there subdued.I counted 71 main food items, & most of what I tried was good.  The Egg Flower Soup was a dud, with no salt at all, & it was still blah after adding some.  The Hot & Sour Soup was excellent though, with big mushroom slices, & the Chicken & Mushrooms was an exceptionally good main dish.  I think the food was average overall for a Chinese buffet, but the dining room was very comfortable & our server was friendly & attentive!Lunch is $6.99/6.29 Sr., Dinner $8.99/8.09 Sr., & prices include a soft drink.
3	Went here today for lunch with Norm R and Rand H.The place was big and well furnished.The chairs have castors on them which make it easy to get up for more food.They have a fairly wide selection of eats probably about 70 trays.It was your average chinese buffet selection with nothing really standing out as outstanding well except the mushroom chicken that was pretty good.Other than that it was just another not bad chinese buffet.I would eat there again but i would not put the place on my top ten.If your in the neighborhood and you want a quick lunch ,it is ok
4	The lunch I had here was delightful, but the wonderful company (Rand H and Mike C)  and the pleasant atmosphere of the establishment are probably more responsible for that perception than the food itself. I found the quality of the food here to vary greatly from one dish to another. There was a chicken-and-mushroom dish that was truly spectacular, and  there were two kinds of fish: one fried, the other poached, both good; and this for me is truly a plus, as not too many Chinese buffets serve fish. The french fries (I guess all Chinese buffets have them now) were very good - I wish all places that serve fries served them this way. Most of the meat dishes were OK, as were the main starches, i.e., the fried rice (it wasn't greasy ... hooray!) and the lo mein. Most of the other dishes were adequate, and the desserts were mediocre and of store-bought quality. The one total flub was the egg flower soup, which was totally tasteless. My actual rating for this place is three and a half stars, but seeing that Rand H gave it that rating and decided to round it down to 3, I'm using the balance to round my rating up to 4.
3	My 2 or 3 coworkers amble down the street to China Star every few weeks when we're in the mood for typical Chinese buffet fare. This place does that as good as most in our I-17 corridor. Big plus is good crab rangoon. Service is pretty good with drink refills often. I'm not into the salad bar part but they've got a nice selection of items. The property used to be a Red Lobster and the maintenance has been marginal inside and out for what seems to have been 20 years or so since Cheddar Bay Buscuits called this place home. For us buffet junkies, this $7 sodium-gorgefest earns a 3.5.
4	Reasonable priced and my dinner included a drink which I opted for hot tea. I was really fond of the potato they had, however they have a decent amount of selection of food.  They even had Sushi which was a surprise.Bonus points for taking amex.  Only downfall is resturant is in a sketchy intersection.
2	Won't be going back.  They have replaced all their vegetable dishes with many versions of bland seafood.  Started several things but had to leave them on my plate because they did not have any flavor.  Great service but bad food.
2	Update. As of July 6, 2012, It looks like this place is closed. Does anyone know for sure?
4	= = = = = =  CLOSED  = = = = = =China Star here has now closed.     :-(
