5	If you're going to Vegas I highly suggest you connect with Mike. My husband and I had our destination wedding in Vegas with both our bachelorette and bachelor parties the night before and we told Mike what we were looking to do and he had everything organized for us at reasonable prices.  The strip club that he had lined up for my friends and I was pretty cool. A limo picked us up from our hotel and dropped us back off.  At the last minute we wanted to go dancing and he organized it for us to get into the Paris nightclub for free, no line. The party promoter thing could be a little intimidating if you've never been to Vegas. You're not sure if you're being scammed, if you should pay or not, who to trust, its very confusing. I felt very comfortable with Mike, he pretty much keeps it real with you and you don't feel like your being talked out of your underwear. He's very patient and quick to respond to text messages. I would highly suggest anyone looking to have a good time while in Vegas and feel special to hook up with Mike.
1	YIKES! I was really disappointed in the service I received with this company. My initial conversation with Fahad was great I was very excited about my plans for my sister's 40th birthday party. Well that all went sour very quickly.After our initial call we went back and fourth a few times via email and the way Farah relayed messages we insulting. His communication and customer service in accommodating my needs were HORRIBLE. He told me that it would be nice to do the cake in the club so I agreed and placed a cake order for pick up. He offered to pick up my cake which I was grateful for but I also told him that I could get the cake delivered if it was going to be a big deal. He informed me that it would be no problem and picked up the cake on the day off. Then I get a text from him complaining that the cake was huge and wouldn't fit in his fridge. Needless to say the cake completely melted and was only able to salvage the top of the cake. But When we had the cake in the club we were informed that we were unable to eat it in the club. WOW so I paid $200 for a cake that melted and couldn't eat in the club REALLY? If it was going to be a problem to eat my cake in the club then why did you tell me to do my cake in the club???? (PISSED ABOUT THIS) Not to mention the club had NO IDEA who Farah was and I spent 1 hour trying to figure out where my cake was. (DISASTER) Then when we get to the club we get this HORRIBLE location in the club all the way in the back. He had texted me that it was the best location in the club. Really who are you fooling??? Then he made it seem like it was my problem that we were unsatisfied. I paid over $2000 for this table I should have had better service. This was completely unacceptable. We had the worse place in the club and paid a premium for it. I had told him prior that I wanted a good location and he reassured me that he would make sure I had the best location. Yeah right LIES! I had also arranged a pick up for a party bus to pick us up and it arrived late and was extremely over priced. $140 when I could have gotten it for $50 it was litterally a 10 minute ride. I did get a gift card for Holsteins and that was great. But that's all Overall Farah needs to have better customer service skills this was an embarrassment and I am completely unsatisfied. I feel like I was ripped off in the process. NEVER USE THIS COMPANY
5	One call or email to CC checked all my Vegas needs off my list.  These guys were amazing helping me out plan my trip. For $800 they were able to book my flight for 2 people from San Diego AND a room at the Wynn hotel for 2 nights.  They even checked me in since my flight was delayed and at no cost they managed to get the hotel to upgrade me to an amazing suite.  I believe there are only two ways to have an amazing time in Vegas with no hassle:1. Money.  You will need it.  This town is not for amateurs. This means tip your hosts, tip your waiters, tip the bouncers the maids, tip everyone and things WILL come your way.  2. Know the right people.  And for me that would be the gentlemen from CC.  I've never had to do those 1 million people and their momma "guest lines"  trying to see Tiesto or Steve Aosucki.  Never paid those ridiculous covers to see a man pressing play in a DJ booth.  I simply wanted to have a good time and be comfortable with my party.  Thank you Mike and Fahad for making it happen and taking care of us,  we had a great time at EBC, XS, and Tryst.  They not only took care of our table booking but they have limo services, strip clubs, shows, buffets, midget bodyguards shoot... they even offered a helicopter tour that lets you shoot AK-47s into the dessert!!!!    Ok, I'm not sure if that last one was the real deal (due to leaving some neurons behind during my trip haha) but something about a helicopter and/or a shooting range was offered at some point.Anyways, thanks CC!! If you're still reading this and happen to be in Sin City, don't waste your time with strip clown promoters.  If you know what you want to do and you still have time to plan (last minute planning is always a bad idea), just let these guys do what they do best.DRINKS UP FOR CROWD CONTROL!
5	CC did an awesome job taking care of all our Vegas needs. We booked 5 tables and 6 VIP entries over our college vacation. The hosts were awesome, tables were reasonably priced, and we were always walked right in past the usually heinous lines. I would definitely recommend them for all Vegas club outings. The money and customer service makes sense. AND... They take Venmo which is awesome.
