5	Walked on on Presidents day to buy an iPhone and it was packed.....about 30 minutes later I was irritated and finally my name was called on the check in list to get help from a sales person.It was definitley worth the wait.  Not only was the sales person friendly but he gave my husband an i a tutorial on all the features on the iPhone....WOW!  Great service and extremely helpful, I had no idea what this phone could do....and I added a Yelp app on itI recommend this store location and this phone.
2	If all you do is go and Pay your Cell Phone bill, this place is Fine, but if you try to buy a cell phone or upgrade you service, then you are in troubleThe Employees know very little about the service, and are at times very rude. I have gone in 3 times to upgrade, 2 of those 3 times I was in the store for 15min, and never saw me. The 3rd time I was being helped by someone who was just telling me what was on the card infront of the cell phone, and when I asked more specific questions, he told me to look online, so I took his advice and left the store, and never came back.
5	Excellent service from Abner and Latoya, both were very polite and knowledgeable regarding their products. They were helpful and attentive without being in the way or overbearing. The store is clean, modern and well organized. This will be my store of choice for future AT&T business.
1	Went into this store when I got my iPhone 5 on the 21st because I had a nanoSIM problem which prevented the phone from getting activated. The store was busy, so I waited patiently. Saw the store rep, don't remember her name, but she got me squared away and then tried to up sell me on the insurance, telling me it was the same as AppleCare+ , but I declined and came home.Today (October 1st) I noticed an Insurance charge and another locator charge on one of my lines ($10 total). I called customer service and she was puzzled why it got it on there and I explained what happened the phone and how I had to go down to the AT&T store and they tried to up sell me on the insurance and she confirmed that the rep put on the insurance on the line without my permission.
5	This location is right near my house and I had broken my phone the night before so I was dreading coming in here worrying about how much I'd have to pay before walking out the door with my iPhone.  David helped me when I came in this morning and he did an excellent job.  He helped me be creative with the upgrade and provided fantastic customer service.  Informed me on different options they offer and told me about their new alarm system packages they have.  I've been an AT&T customer for over 12 years and I'll continue to stay with AT&T.
4	Went to this store after getting the run around from the AT&T "authorized dealer" in the Galleria Mall. Phil was awesome to us and helped us get a new phone in no time!  He gave us some great advice on money saving items and made the experience way less of a hassle. Thanks Phil!
3	My husband lost his phone, which was already in pretty poor condition, so we decided to switch my phone over to his number and get a new iPhone for my line. I went into this AT&T location on a Saturday to purchase the new phone, swap my phone over to his number and since I had done some research online I wanted to switch to a different plan that would save us on our monthly bill.A sales associate, Phillip, was able to assist me as soon as I walked in. I let him know what I wanted to do and he got started on making the swap and setting up the new phone (which was in stock thankfully). Phillip seemed a little spacey. He went in back to get the SIM card for the phone we were swapping numbers on, and came out with everything BUT the SIM card. Then he didn't have his "Sim card tool" and had to go find one. Phillip really pushed things that would cost me extra, like a $6.99/month insurance plan and a $35 screen cover. I get that he was just doing his job and probably gets in trouble if he doesn't offer all of the additional features and accessories, but it was a little irritating to have to keep saying no. The most frustrating thing about my visit was that Phillip was not able to switch me to the plan I had found online that would lower our monthly rate. He showed me on an iPad that the plan was the same price as my current plan. This would have been a non-issue, except when I went home I checked again and sure enough, I was able to change to a different plan and save $25 a month. Aside from a couple minor irritations, I was able to get what I needed fairly quickly. That said, I would recommend doing anything you can via the AT&T website rather than in the store.
1	When I first went into the store to get a product, everyone was so nice and helpful. I got a Mi-Fi for my tablet. I was told there was no contract and I could cancel anytime. I really was not happy with the functioning of the product, so I decided not to keep it. All of a sudden when I came back to return it 3 mos later, I had a 2 yr contract and could not cancel. They told me to call customer service after that and they promised me to cancel, but they did not. After multiple phone calls, lies and stories, I finally wrote the corporate office who took care of it and gave me back a small refund. Would never buy from them again. What a nightmare.
1	Go anywhere else. Manager Harmony has no business being in business.  She is rude unprofessional and all about excuses.  And in no way do I want to hear an AT&T employee stand outside talking about personal things.  Only a short while and I will move to Verizon.  AT&T does not need my $400 a monrh.
5	I walked in disappointed by a previous associate that was trying so hard to up sell me on accessories, but Alex  far  exceeded my expectations on my second visit. He has so much patience and truly cares about the customers needs. I was doing a simple trade in and buying an accessory and he handled it perfectly. Alex will be my AT&T guy from now on! Kudos to the hiring manager on having such a great gem on their team.
1	Sitting here for too long... The service is not clear- my name is next- however, they take the other guy, do not explain what is happening, I ask and they say he has an appointment... Just effing communicate, speak to you people who are sitting here... Crazy how lame AT&T can be.Seriously a breathing moment.
2	Where should I start? Do I mention that the wireless sales consultant who assisted me flat out lied when he said that mobile insurance was MANDATORY?  Or do I mention he kept hinting he needed a massage? Or how about the sales rep offering to buy me dinner!Not once but TWICE during my sales transaction my wireless sales consultant "J' told me his back was soo sore and he needed a massage.Okay that was random. Few minutes later again "Oh, I just need someone to walk on my back!"..actually he kept mentioning he wished someone would walk on his back..That was one awkward moment. I was tempted to say there's a "massage" place on Sunset & Marks...lol... What kind of communication skills are they teaching their sales force?Then the BS of telling me that I need mobile insurance, which I initially said "no" to. "J" said it  is MANDATORY. Really? Acknowledged me with a nod, looked me in the eye and said yes. I knew he was bs'ing me. But I just humored him and let him add it to my plan because I knew I can remove it online.I get it. It's their job. Add ons like tacking mobile insurance is gravy $$ for them. But flat out lying about it when it's right there in black and white on your FAQ's "it's recommended" not mandatory... SMHI'll give him credit though that he understood what I needed done and followed thru. He was knowledgeable in the tech part area too. J covered everything and did all the mandatory sales pitch of their security system aka "The Digital Life".  Boy are they pushing that one!  J introduced me to the guy in charge of installations who did the "Since-you-are-such-a-loyal-customer-you-get-a-special-deal-today-only" spiel. I said "No thank you...Im starving...Ive been here two hours already! To which he offered to buy my dinner!!!! Yup! How's that for a hard sell!I usually do my upgrade transactions online and just thought that the offer to pick up my phone at the store the same day would be convenient  Also if I knew ahead of time I could have made an appointment, it would have save me having to wait an hour to be seen. This Point of Sale transaction at this AT&T brick and mortar was one of the most bizarre experiences I've had.
5	This is a customer-service fantastic store.  David was so professional and no how to provide great customer service.  I really appreciate how he helped me.  It is the second time he has helped me.  I am 65 years old and I need all the help!!!!!  Thank you David for everything   You are one of the best.
