3	I usually hate reviewing national-scale chain restaurants, but this one is special. Not because it is actually special but because I've probably eaten lunch here over 300 times over 4.5 years. The food is OK, the service is OK, the people are OK. It's ridiculously crowded on a weekday lunch. It's pretty empty at all other times. It's convenient enough and passable. Still, I remember it fondly.
4	This is a pretty good Panera location, but it tends to get quite busy at lunch time when all the students come in. Still, great food, good coffee & pastries, and free WiFi; what more could you ask for?
4	I liked to hide here between classes @ Pitt.PROS:Free WiFi;Great food;Great pastries;nice staff;cleanCONS:  CRAZY busy between 11:30 and 1pm (lunch rush is nuts here!)Parking  (either street on Forbes or surrounding or the Sennott Square garage underneath the building, but the garage is busy after 9:30am)As for the "takes reservations" question, they have a room that you can rent out for meetings and anything--but that's the only reservations they take.Phone/Fax Order are a "can do" here.
2	1. Is it me or do the portions keep getting smaller as the prices get higher?2. There is plenty of seating but its always crowded.3. The food is okay but if I had to choose a place in Oakland to get soup, salad, or a sandwich it would be red oak cafe.
3	Pretty good they catered to our swim team did a pretty good job didn't mess up any of the orders. The food tastes the same as the others so nothing special there
2	The staff here was very friendly and the sandwich was alright.  Portion sizes were pretty small though for the price and the apple they gave me seemed like it was chewed up by a dog (no joke.  There were brown teeth/gnawing marks on one side of the apple).  If it wasn't for the apple, I probably would've given three stars.
4	Huge!  Convenient, friendly and with WiFi. Plenty of parking. And unbeatable for a good - and healthy breakfast. Probably the healthiest lunch menu out of all the "fast food" chains. And despite the crowds, it's clean and airy.
5	Awesome location and free parking! They also have a large isolated room that is excellent for studying.  I think this might be the same location as 3401 Blvd of the Allies.
3	Large & fast but they forgot my toddler's food.If you've never had a toddler, this is one of the worst possible things that could ever happen that doesn't involve death or dismemberment. resulting commotion sounded a lot like death &/or dismemberment, though.Two year olds are awesome, FYI.
1	I park outside on the street of Panera so I could run in and grab a bite to eat.  Well, I didn't have quarters, and when I asked the girl at the counter if I could exchange my dollar for 4 quarters so I could feed the meter while I ate, she looked at me like I was crazy and said "I can't give you change."  ..... How the hell am I supposed to park and eat if I do not have change and you are unwilling to exchange a dollar for me.  I know it might be company policy to not open the register, but do not roll your eyes at me and get an attitude.  Gracias para nada.
3	Hey, a Panera is a Panera. I have fond memories of this one just because it's located near Pitt, where I attended college; I would meet a number of friends for dinner here and even interview people for the school paper here. Good times!However, no Panera is perfect. The biggest drawback to this Panera is its location. The service is wonderful and the food is as good as it is at any other Panera, but unfortunately if it's time for the midday/dinner rush nothing will save you from getting lost in the swarm of students and staff members all looking to get a yummy sandwich or bowl of soup. It's always good to have a back-up plan in case the line is really long here - fortunately it's Oakland, so there's no shortage of alternative eateries. Also: if you want parking, try the Panera that's along Boulevard of the Allies; that one has a parking lot, but this one does not.On the plus side, in recent years this Panera's added a LOT of new space to accommodate the population it feeds, which is wonderful; it doesn't do much to help when you're standing in line, but at least once you get your food you have a greater chance of finding a table hidden in the back corner and you can use the wi-fi in relative peace. Still, fair warning: extra space or not, be ready to compete with a massive student population if you want to sit in here.One final note and tip: if you're looking to host a class or meeting here, go for it: this Panera, (like many, it seems) has a nice meeting room that's separate from the main dining area. The one here is almost constantly in use - that's how popular this place is. Everyone likes Panera in Oakland, I guess!
3	I've waited a bit to write this review because for me this branch deserves a 3.5 star review; however, Yelp confines me to whole stars so I lean towards a 3. I've been here quite a few times for lunch and in between writing sessions in the library. It's always quite busy, particularly during semesters, and sometimes it's a bear to wait in line for a while. The quality of the food is always good, and the staff seem competent and friendly. I've been disappointed here a few times that the types of bagels I want are not available later in the afternoon. Sometimes, there are only a couple of types of bagels left as early as 3pm. I wish they had a variety of bagels available throughout the entire day rather than "while supplies last." Overall, though, I enjoy this place and will continue to frequent. Their black bean soup is amazing.
1	I overheard a male manager and female employee making very rude and racist remarks about chinese culture. This sort of behavior is ignorant and unacceptable in any situation. I found it to be extremely offensive and refuse to visit this location ever again.
2	I'm not a fan of the Panera in Oakland.  Often when I have been there the salads have no dressing on them or are missing a vital piece.  Last time I went I ordered a breakfast sandwich on a bagel and they pressed it on a panini press making it flat as a pancake and burnt.  Very unappealing.
4	Soup in the breadbowl comes with an apple. Don't know it's usual or it is holiday special. I like soup and bread so this dish is definitely for me and panera does a good job. BTW, I tried mix vegs and chicken noodle. I prefer the latter one since it is less salty.
