4	Went here on a whim, and glad we did!They specialize in Paella here and have at least a dozen to choose from, ranging from vegetarian to the most extravagant.Super Bock available by the bottle (always a plus) as well as a pretty solid sangria by the liter.Bread and olives were brought out right after our order and the server was very helpful in deciding/organizing a shared meal for 5 people.  We wanted the grilled octopus, but they didn't have enough, so they gave us a small plate for free and suggested the calamari instead.  Octopus was very tender, although the flavor was a little different than expected.  Calamari was good, but nothing to write home about.We ordered the vegetarian, 3 meat, and "de la casa" paella's.  Both non-vege's came with ample portions of meat and seafood, by no means a majority of rice.  All the seafood (scallops, muscles, shrimp, lobster) was cooked very well, all very tender and flavorful.  The lamb was good and rabbit very well and deliciously prepared.  The chicken was OK, but more on the dry side.  All in all, I would definitely consider returning for more!The 3 paella's easily fed all 5 of us and we split 3 desserts (chocolate mousse, fruit salad, and coffee cake) with ample satisfaction.They have flamenco dancing (on a small stage in the restaurant) each Saturday (possibly Sunday) and accept American Express, as well as other credit cards.  A welcome change to the standard rotation of various restaurants available in the area, this cozy nook is definitely worth the trip!
4	This is the place for Paella !  A few words about Paella; This dish is fairly simple to prepare and the results are often mediocre. I look for a subtle safron flavor and lots of fish and meats that are not dried out when served. Most of the time you get a lot of riceand not much else. El Gitano does their paella very well. The seafood paella was generously portioned with lots of clams, mussels, shrimp,and fish. The best part wasthat it was around $30 including a soup or salad, dessert and a glass of wine as part of a Christmas promotion. HEY RESTAURANT OWNER you should do this all the time! Apparently they offer flamenco dancers on the week-end so it looks like a fun place as well.
3	Came here because paella seemed to be well reviewed.  A lot of choices as other reviewers have said.  Paella was indeed good though a bit saltier than I'd like. Lots of meat and seafood on my plate and a good amount of rice.The biggest shrimp that I've seen in a couple of years - almost a lobster.  Very quiet.  One of 2 diners on a Wednesday night.
4	Three stars for food, but an extra star because of how well they accommodated our large (30+) group. The food is a-ok. We had a prearranged group menu that was simple but still had options to accommodate most people. We started with a choice of soup or salad.  I choose soup, it was a basic cream of broccoli, but nonetheless delicious. For mains we had the choice of a few different paellas. I choose the seafood and paella one. Unfortunately the seafood tasted like average frozen stuff, not terrible but not amazing. The chicken was really great, a nice surprise. We shared some sangria, and its still up for debate as to what the alcohol content was, but it was sweet and tasty, that's for sure. The service was great! It isn't easy dealing with such a huge group but the staff did a great job! From taking down the orders and then not having any problems getting the right item to the right person, to getting the food out to the whole group more or less at the same time, they made it work! The restaurant isn't huge, it's a long and narrow room, so they set us up towards the back and apart from a few tables right at the front that weren't with our group, we had the place to ourselves. Lots of room for us to get up and mingle. I'm tempted to go back sometime and test out the food in a non group setting.
1	Don't like this place at all. I ordered the lobster one, for some reason that didn't taste so good. The lobster didn't taste fresh also. Won't go back
5	Went here for a business dinner while in Montreal.  The paella was amazing, the Sangria was some of the best I have had, and it was paired with AMAZING service.  I cannot wait to come back!
4	A distinctly pleasant dining experience several blocks from our hotel in Montreal. Wait staff efficient, competent, and nice. The food was excellent. The paella was robust and ample. Very well seasoned gazpacho, surprising for May, and the dessert of strawberries, cream, and black pepper was flavorful.
5	Amazing Paella. We ordered it with shrimp, scallops, and lobster. One of the yummiest dishes I've ever had (I felt bad for the lobster though; it waved at me on its way to the kitchen). The service is fast and the staff are very friendly.The place is small and cozy, you can barely notice it walking down the street, but is worth a visit.Will definitely return if I can.
