3	I know...it is my fault but seriously, help!!! So last night I made an ATM deposit and drove away without taking my ATM card. When I realized it, I ventured back to the bank but it was gone. I know the machines eat them up which is actually a good thing. So...when I went to the bank today and asked it there was anyway to get my card they just said no. They asked if they could order me a new one, sure why not. I had already ordered one on-line but the more I have I actually think it might be better! LOL! After a few minutes she actually started to sympathize with me and told me that the ATM machine shreds the cards then they eat them up so there actually is no way to retrieve it. I was actually quite pleased to learn this. Just speak the truth for the get go, really it is far better to know that our security is taken care of. As for the 5-7 day wait, well does today count as 1 or tomorrow???
4	It's another bank! You can get money any time you want! (Assuming you have some to withdraw.)
5	Great People!!!  Excellent Customer Service!!!  I wish I knew the guys name that took time out yesterday to help me on a matter. He really deserves Recognition. I've read a lot of negative reviews about this Branch but I don't understand why. I really feel these guys go over and beyond. And yesterday proved it. Keep up the great work guys. Keep in mind on these reviews. Most people (by the thousands) don't comment or leave a positive feedback when Credit is due. It's only those that feel they had a bad experience that leaves negative feed back. It's a shame because I guarantee the positive reviews out weigh the negative by the tens of thousands.
1	I am about to be a "former" Premier customer with this bank.  I have had two bad experiences with them, the most recent on 11/18/2014.   A merchant made an error and charged my debit card (used as a credit card) for $4123 instead of 123.00.  They voided the sale, however Wells Fargo will not release the money for up to 15 days!  I have the voided slip... still nothing!  If this is how you want to be treated... bank with them.  If not, find somewhere else to go to.  The fact is, they just have people read off of the computer screens and tell you "they are sorry, but they can't help you".
