4	Pretty solid track at a really good price.....great practice facility (I would go just for this). It is a bit of a drive from the center of town....Arrived 1/2 hour before our tee time and the guys working bag drop and the club house were GREAT. They were able to re spike my shoes (a bit pricey at $20) before the round while we warmed-up on the excellent range.Played from the silver tees at 6400 yards and it was a bit challenging, shot 86, but very playable.Not a tradition desert course because there must be at least a million homes surrounding the course...and it doesn't feel like you are out in the desert, and limits the views of the mountains.But it is spectacularly maintained, tee boxes, fairways and greens were all in GREAT SHAPE. Only down side is that it is a bit unimaginative with not much variety through the holes.I will say the pro shop is very nice, dogs at the turn were EXCEPTIONAL, and it was a lovely experience.A bit of a drive back to the airport (45 minutes), but I would return to play when back in the Valley.Total - $150.00 (for two of us)
5	For the price, you can't beat this place during the winter.  $75 (after tax, including range balls) during January, when everybody else in the area is charging $200?  Yes, please!Everything was in great condition.  Greens rolled fast and true, and dead spots were nonexistent.  It's not the most interesting track, but it's got enough variety to keep it fun.  Really loved the back nine, particularly #11, #14, and #15.
3	Pretty tight layout but interesting. Don't need a driver on every hole that's for sure. Plan your way around to shoot a low number. The course was in pretty rough shape (May 5th is when I played). One of the sand traps actually had some sort of burlap mesh showing through that is just waiting for someone to shatter a wrist on. They need to fill the traps with real sand for sure. And the driving range was beat, no grass to hit off of and the balls were in pretty rough shape. The greens were bumpy yet rolled a good speed, they didn't hold a ball at all though. When this is in the peak winter shape it looks like a fun course but I always though the greensfee's  were a bit steep. I wish I got a discount, I live a few feet from the clubhouse.
5	A very enjoyable desert course.  We had a fun here.  The ranger and cart girl were nice! The layout was excellent with the desert in play on every hole.  Being from back east, I got a rush trying to blast the ball out of trouble.  Of course, I failed miserably but who cares? The back 9 had more memorable holes than did the front 9.  All par 3s were interesting and challenging.  A few long forced carries over waste areas.  The course was green and lush when we played in mid October.  The only downer was a miserable woman swearing at my friend for driving his cart onto the fairway.  Bleep you if you read this review, sweetheart.  Overall, a must play for those wanting a good value on a course with a private feel.
5	I love legend trail and here's why.   From May-September it's $20 on GolfNow.  I can get there an hour or two before and hit balls and have the whole course to myself after 2 pm.    I love the range.   Greens at about 100 yards, 125 yards, 150 yards, 175 and 200.   It really helped my game tremendously and the range alone makes the $20 worth it.  Then you get out on the course and it's so easy, yet so easy to make difficult.   The first few times I went I was shooting around 78-80 from the 2nd to back tees.  After that I played about 5 straight rounds at this course without hitting a driver and wasn't above 73.  It's a course that you really need to think your way around.  You need to hit it straight off the tee and if you do you can put yourself in a position to score.      It helped my mid iron game a lot playing this course.  I can't' wait for next summer.   I will not play this course during the winter though.  If i'm paying $100+ to play 18 holes I need to be able to hit the driver in some spots.  Hitting Driver at this course will make you go through a lot of golf balls.  Great course.  Lots of fun.
4	Great course, Fair to all abilities and in great condition. Only bad thing is the kitchen closes at 4
5	I love Legend Trail for a lot of reasons.  It starts at the top with management.  They always have it together and they understand customer service.  You can always expect to get treated with respect from everyone there.The practice facility is really great.  There is a large short game area with four greens and a really nice driving range.  Practice balls are always included so be sure to show up early.As many people have mentioned, the course isn't all that tough, but if you don't play smart, it can eat your lunch in some areas.  Also, if you play as a single, there are a lot of members and regulars that play here.  It's always been a delightful experience when getting paired up at Legend Trail.
5	Very fun course, difficult and affordable.  They keep this course very well maintained in the winter and super fun to play in the summer.  I would recommend this course to anyone looking to have a great time :)
3	Beware that the transition to summer grass is slower than at other courses and the fairways are rather bare now (June 16, 2013).  Add the inability for divots to grow back and it makes the fairways pretty ugly.  They are watering like crazy, so some fairways are closed to carts.  Greens are coming in a little faster.  This north Scottsdale location was 3 degrees cooler today than my Tatum and Shea neighborhood.  Breezier too!  Nice course layout and vistas.  Short and sporty.  If you've never played here before you'll enjoy the partial fairway views from the tee boxes.  Nicely constructed and maintained.  Elevation variations typical of a north Phoenix desert course.  The greens are spongy and hold well.  Great value, but wait for the grass in 2 weeks!  Water jugs on course are emptied by 1pm, so bring water.
2	I bought a coupon for $59 to play at Orange Tree and Legend Trail a few months ago. I basically just bought it to play at Legend Trail and get the Orange Tree round as a bonus. First off, this course is a long drive away even from the Scottsdale Airpark area. I don't mind driving this far if the experience and or value makes up for it. This certainly wasn't the case at Legend Trail.The driving range had minimal grass that hadn't been mowed in quite some time so it was basically like practicing out of thick rough and the balls are pretty seasoned. Then when I was practicing on the chipping green, a maintenance employee pulled the flags out that I was hitting at and started mowing right in front of me. I was a little annoyed but wasn't going to let it bother me much.Playing my round, the course was in pretty bad shape. They probably had aerated a few weeks ago would be my guess so I can't really hold that against them.What did annoy me though was that I was having the same issues repeatedly with maintenance staff not showing any etiquette. I had multiple greens I was hitting into from 100 yards or less and the staff would not turn off their weed whackers while I was hitting. One guy on a hole was standing 5 feet from the flag and even saw I was trying to hit and he didn't even move! There were three weed whackers going around one green while I was putting too. On another hole, I was standing over the ball to tee off and three maintenance carts drove right past me. I have never felt like such an inconvenience to staff at a golf course. I wouldn't even expect that at a course like Orange Tree.Not sure what Shane S was referring to about management understanding customer service there. I went in the pro shop afterwards to ask for a manager and the employee informed me that he was gone for the day and asked why I needed one. When I told him I was upset about the maintenance staff, he sure couldn't have cared less. I filled out an online survey letting the course know about my experience and never heard back.All in all, not worth the drive out there. If you want a nice golf course and don't mind spending money, go to Boulders or Grayhawk. If you want a nice course but are more price sensitive, then go to We Ko Pa. It's just as far away, almost the same price for residents, and a difference of night and day for course layout, amenities and customer service there.
4	Overall, Legend Trail is a very nice track.The course is well maintained, the staff were consistently friendly and compared to some of their peers in the area, the price was quite affordable for the quality of the course.Definitely one I'll be playing again when I'm back in the area.
