5	I can't believe that I haven't reviewed Carre Confiseries yet. I've been there many times and all I did was mention them in Talk? Yikes. Sorry folks, I must be getting old. Carre Confiseries is a bright, hip candy store that has almost everything your heart desires and an owner who really knows her business and who cares about her customers. Please, please forgive the use of the expression, but when I go into Carre Confiseries, I truly feel happy - like a kid in a candy store.Bulk candy, specialty international candies, and much, much more. If you have a sweet tooth, just go.. but don't tell your dentist. Enjoy!
5	My favorite candy store in the world! From the vibrant colors and endless supply of candies, chocolates, lollies and sweets of all kinds, it is impossible not to feel elated upon entering. The staff is extra friendly and very helpful. Vegans, celiacs and diabetics, fear not! Everything is clearly labeled (sugar-free/gluten-free/gelatin-free). They have tons of selection for all. Note that they also do catering and special events--candy bar wedding, anyone?!
5	The first time my boyfriend and I came here, we were amazed at all the candy they had that we used to eat when we were younger, that were no longer available in drugstores and other places. The second time we came here, I went to find a specific candy I saw online & knew I'd find it here, which I did. I love this place, the prices to the candies are affordable & and you have a huge range! :)
5	Full Disclosure - I am friends with the owners.This candy store is conveniently located next to place des arts metro on bleury. It stands out because its neighbours are chains such as Subway (the best one i have eaten at) a Tim Hortons and Thai Express.As you would expect from a candy store, it bright and colourful and reflects ones joy of eating candy. They do have a huge selection of candy and chocolates.Seasonally they have an ice cream sundae station during the warm months.  So if you are downtown near the place des spectacle and have a candy craving, you have a place to go now!
