3	After reading about LCL's opening on Yelp, I convinced my co-workers to stop by w/ me after a delicious lunch at Cowboy Ciao the other day. We were unenthusiastically greeted by the gal behind the counter as I quickly noted the vintage ice cream parlor decorations and items for sale along the wall. We proceeded to check out "the goods" (ie the laced ice creams, of course!) and tried to chat w/ the worker but she wasn't very friendly. After guessing & asking which flavors in the tubs corresponded to the flavors listed on the board (the tubs weren't labelled), I sampled the green tea matcha w/ liqueur (they also have one w/o) and vanilla almond. The amaretto in the vanilla almond was very pronounced so definitely try it if you're into almond liqueur. As she was scooping the sample, I noticed the ice cream had a very odd crumbley texture (probably due to the alcohol content). It kind of weirded me out but the ice cream is actually very creamy. I don't mind paying $3.75 + tax for a full scoop, but because the ice cream has an odd texture and it was the girl's first day on the job, I probably only got about 1/2 a scoop's worth. Maybe I'll go back once I hear/read about other people having better experiences.
5	I'm not a huge ice cream fan. However, mix it up with some booze, and you're talking a totally different game!I was first introduced to Lee and her liquor-ific confections at the Phoenix New Time Gala Event (or whatever it was called) a few months back. It was a huge hit, and the ladies I was with couldn't get enough!Fast forward to this weekend, and one of those ladies (who looks very much like my mother) came back to down with three friends in tow. They asked about Lee's and I found that she had just opened her shop. Were I not a devout skeptic, I'd claim divine intervention!Through the course of the weekend, we took two different trips, for the gals couldn't get enough! And truth be told, I was mighty impressed myself.As other reviewers have said this is ice CREAM. Very creamy. The booze isn't overpowering, either. It's a nice addition, so you don't have to worry about an open flame. And yes, Lee even serves up non-alcoholic flavors for those who don't partake. I assume those are good. Not like I tried any.We'll be back. Lots. It's hot out there! Adult ice cream, FTW!
3	This is definitely a unique concept and something worth checking out once, but it's also a bit of a strange concept when you really think about it. The ice cream here is good, but definitely not the best. If you just wanted ice cream, you wouldn't say, "Let's go to Lee's." On the other hand, alcohol is always nice, but this definitely isn't the place to get your buzz on. In theory, you'd be better off bringing a bottle of liquor to your local Baskin Robbins, if you want alcohol with your ice cream. I can see this alcohol ice cream doing better as a wholesale business, supplying to restaurants, but I don't know how it's retail operation will do. It is in a great location though (for pedestrian traffic, at least), and the proprietor is very nice, so I wish her good luck!
5	Alcoholic ice cream? Who knew!At first, I was a bit skeptical of this place, considering that alcohol doesn't freeze very well. However, upon entering this quaint little ice cream parlor, I instantly ate my words. There were so many to choose from, that I just didn't know where to start! I ended up sampling about half the ice cream (pretty much, all of the alcoholic ones), before making a decision to go with the Chocolate Swirl Jack Daniels and the Butterscotch Long Island Iced Tea. The owner said that I was gonna be feeling "real good" since I had gotten some pretty strong liqour...and she wasn't kidding! Even though the kind lady said that she didn't put that much alcohol in the ice cream, I was starting to feel the relaxing, sleepy effects before I even finished half. Not that that's a bad thing, of course.I would definitely recommend this place to anyone, especially those celebrating a 21st birthday! What a better way to top off the night! Thankfully, Lee's Cream Liqueur caters to all types -- even those who are too young or don't wish to have alcohol.
5	Alcohol ice cream in Old Town? Lee, you are a genius. Talk about looking at the demographic to figure out what fits best and liquor immersed in a frozen treat is it. When I heard about two of my favorite likes joining forces into a bionic ice cream, I added it to the top of my list to check out and I'm disappointed in myself that it actually took me this long. But, today, after a filling meal at a delectable wine bar down the street, I knew that the only way to get through the 115 degree day was by stopping by Lee's to check it out. True to my ice cream feign self, I tried nearly every flavor to the point that my waistline begged me to walk out and leave before I did something I would regret. But I didn't listen and continued to taste test and figure out what flavor was going to make the cut. The lemon drop was by far the best alcoholic flavor. It was refreshing and alchie filled all at the same time. For the chocolate lovers like myself, the peanut butter chocolate chip won favorite in my book. The ice cream was definitely creamy and delicious. The peanut butter chocolate chip had real chips and large scoops of fresh peanut butter. Yum! Now this ice cream isn't exactly, low-cal but I did learn that they don't use any eggs and it's preservative free. So that has to count for something right? It's pretty thick too, so I was easily satisfied after only half of my cup. Can we have the option of mini sizes Lee? Please!? My waistline will say thank you. So that is the end of my summer afternoon visit to Lee's. I will definitely be back again and again. It's also right next to Oh My Dog, so it would be genius if they offer iced treats for the doggies too!
4	Great concept and solid execution. I sampled the goods and it was all... good. Tasty treats with alcohol inside. The girl behind the counter was friendly and hospitable. The classic minimalist parlor decor was a nice touch.Looking through the glass at the tubs of ice cream wasn't that much of a draw. It just didn't have much curb appeal or showcase very well. Thankfully, it tasted better than it looked. I didn't get drunk off my one scoop, but she didn't promise that I would. Also, I was already kinda buzzed when I went in there. I couldn't really taste the alcohol to be honest.I really like that this place is here - I mean, everywhere you look there's some sort of gelato or yogurt shoppe around the corner. Having something different is a reason to make a special trip whereas stumbling upon yet another generic gelato shop may give you the urge to buy a scoop. That's going to have to be what saves this place. I can't imagine there being much of a profit margin in ice cream, and I'm sure the rent ain't cheap. This is worth the trip. I wasn't blown away, but I enjoyed the experience and I also like to support local small businesses. Also, I'm a supporter of putting alcohol in anything I might put in my body. Kudos.
5	Its always happy hour when you have alcoholic ice cream. Loved every flavor, Lee was the nicest owner in Scottsdale. She makes it hard to decide which delicious flavor to go with I couldn't decide. I eventually went with apple pie with spiced rum! Sooo good, And she rotates flavors. I will be back very soon. Go here!!!
1	We were excited to try this place as we have been hearing alot about it.  Lee's smells like a hospital and it's a bit of a turn-off to the appetite.  We tried to get past it and try a sample...the girl gave us barely a speck of ice cream and the bit we got tasted stale and freezer burned.  The girl kept saying you want some ice cream with alcohol? Come on we are adults it's not some big deal to get alcohol...ugh we left ...I give the place only a few months:(
4	OK, I hate to be negative, but this place is missing its marketing "sweet spot."  (Pun intended.)  This place needs to market itself as an after dinner LOUNGE!  The concept is outstanding, but I lose the enthusiasm of booze and ice cream (two of my favorite things!) when I walk in and it feels a bit like Grandma's house.  The ice cream is absolutely outstanding though, really good flavor and texture.  The price is fair.  And the service was good.  I think I was speaking with Lee herself, who seemed a bit shy, but nice.I hope she does well; I'll be eager to follow her success.
4	My wife and I tried this place last week.   We really enjoyed the ice cream.  The alcohol and ice cream combination is an amazing concept.  This is a place where adults can enjoy ice cream without screaming children around, dropping theirs on the floor and making an uncomfortable scene.  The staff was friendly and very helpful.  I always feel like I'm wearing them out while trying so many free samples.  I've noticed that when people give businesses a negative review, it's mostly to blame on the reviewer.  People have a habit of bringing expectations with them when they are trying someplace new.  Many reviews start off with...  "I was so excited to try this place..."    Well...  Stop That!  Leave the expectations at the door, then judge the experience for what it is.With so many local 'mom & pop shops' closing, hopefully this place will stick around.  The ice cream is tasty!
5	such a simple idea that works so well. how many times have i doused my ice cream in baily's, kahlua, frangelico, etc? all the time. yet it never occured to me to sell it....maybe that's why i'm still working for the man!we had a coupon and hit this place up tonight...on scottsdale's chilliest night thus far. i must gripe...for such a beautiful area near the "waterfront", there is hardly anyone out and about. and it's not that cold. in boston, this area would be crawling with people. no matter...more alcoholic ice cream for us. the owner....extremely friendly and outgoing. more than happy to explain what a simple concept it really was and how she was so excited to have her new business and we hoped along with her that she would succeed beyond compare. i had the breakfast thing (with cornflakes and alcohol), the kahlua one, and the tiramausu. absolutely delicious! my girl had the cherry one and the cherries soak up that alcohol. our friend had the rum raisin and they were super soaked with delicious alcohol. it all came with a sliver of waffle cone. although we didn't feel buzzed (maybe another gallon would do), we left happy to have found this place. support local business and enjoy the flavors of Lee's Cream Liqueur!
5	unique flavors and great taste.
5	The concept is amazing! The ice cream is fresh! Lee makes all the ice cream herself without preservatives and with fresh ingredients.  It definitely shows.I went in because I had a groupon and I was hooked. I've been back 3 times already. It's delicious and it's unique. My favorite is the Jack Daniels Chocolate Swirl and the Strawberry Margarita with Tequila.It's tasty, fun, and not overpriced. 2 scoops is about $5, which is comparable to most "normal" ice cream shops, but this has a unique flavor and tastes really fresh!I definitely recommend for the adventurous or those who want something out of the ordinary.
5	Can I say DELICIOUS.......OMG. Amaretto with a scoop of Chambord...please open one in Denver. The only thing that could make it better is to add a shot of liquor on top.
4	This will be our go to spot in the Old Town area for a cool treat, though it would seem the place could use some marketing help...
5	This place is EXCELLENT! delicious ice cream, incredible proprietor. Make it a stop in your Old Town travels!
5	Lee's cream liqueur was delicious and perfect for a treat after lunch. The staff was super friendly and the shop is adorable. I loved it and especially the Strawberry Margarita ice cream infused with Tequila. Super tasty!
5	THE GOODWe came here on a Tuesday and then came back again the next night it was so good. On Tuesday, the owner, Lee was working and it was a great pleasure to speak with her. The girl working Wednesday night was equally kind and courteous. The minute we walked in Lee greeted us by saying "Welcome to Lee's where every hour is happy hour." What a great tag line.The hardest part about eating ice cream here is choosing the flavor you want. Lee does offer a small selection of standard non-alcohol-infused varieties but we were there for their claim to fame.If you check out their web site at http://leescreamliqueur.com/flavors-and-toppings-2/ you will see a long list of flavors. Not all of these is offered every night. We went two nights in a row and there were different selections one night to the next.When we were there the first night they were offering Strawberry Margarita, Jack Daniels Chocolate Swirl, Mango Margarita, Brandy Alexander, Chocolate Vodka Matini and several others. We tried as many as we could and then made our choices. The Jack Daniels Swirl and the Strawberry Margarita were excellent.This is such a great idea and one I have not seen replicated anywhere else. The ice cream is served in a cup with a spoon and a garnish of toasted waffle cone. I was amazed at how good the flavors mixed together. Yes, the prices are a bit high compared to serving size but I felt it was worth it given the complexity of the recipes and the fact that this ice cream parlor needs a liquor license :)Desserts in sit-down restaurants cost considerably more and are not usually as good as this ice cream.  One reviewer says they will go to Cold Stone in the future and I will too if all I want is what everyone else offers... ice cream... but if you want a really unique frozen treat, I highly recommend Lee's Cream Liquer.NEEDS IMPROVEMENT:The decor is sparse and I think is an attempt at a throwback to olde tyme ice cream parlours of the 1950's. But in my opinion, misses the mark. If going with that sort of motif I would expect to see a long service counter with soda machines, shake and malt machines behind the counter. By contrast, I would expect a place as progressive as this one to have a very modern look, perhaps with neon and rock music playing. Again thinking about the "Every hour is happy hour" tag line, I would expect something closer to a nightclub decor.Lee's is a one trick pony.  Ice cream in a cup. If I were going to suggest anything I would suggest adding things like fountain sodas, canned beverages like red bull and monster, and coffee. Doesnt even have to be fancy coffees like espresso, but a nice cup of coffee with ice cream can be a great combination.Flavor suggestions:Red Bull and Vodka - this is a popular drink in the bars I frequent and I think it would make a great ice cream flavor as well.Mudslide: Served frozen slushie style in typical bars, an ice cream version of the Mudslide would be fantastic.
5	Lee's Cream Liqueur is a unique idea! I hope she gets it patented because I am sure there will be plenty of copy cats in the valley soon!There is fresh ice cream every day, as she makes it right after the store closes - this is Lee's passion, and you can tell she dedicates a lot of time and work to it. New flavors show up often, and none disappoints! I love the Kahlua one :) Yummy! If you aren't sure what to get, they always offer samples. The place is small, cozy, with a romantic air. I love the colors on the walls, perfect for an ice cream shop. I am sure this summer they will be packed!
4	While running around today, I had to make a stop into Lee's and of course my will power had the day off so I couldn't leave without making a purchase. Because they don't have mini sizes, I asked for only a partial cup and I opted for the Lover's something -- I looked on the site to remember the name but it's not on there so it must be a special flavor. Well, especially if it's a limited edition I'm telling you to go now and get it before it's too late! It was vodka, chocolate, vanilla and peanut butter all swirled together into one love scoop of ice cream. I will try to recall the name so I can update the review, but it's called "lover's" something and it's at the very left back corner of the freezer.
4	Loved the Banana & Oreo Bourbon and the Chocolate Swirl Jack Daniels. Both excellent!  For non-alcohol, the Fudge Brownie was good too!Chatted up the co-owner, Lee. She was super nice, and seems excited about making ice cream flavors people love. I wish they had more chairs inside but understand the zoning rules.
4	Yeah I'm pretty sure this place stole my idea.  Every time I would share my idea oh alcoholic ice cream, people would tell me it was stupid and would never work.  However, I'm glad a place has finally come along and seems to be doing just fine.Their establishment is just as simple as their idea.  Liquor infused ice cream without all the Scottsdaley fluff.  For a couple bucks you get a quality scoop of unique ice cream and service with a smile.I found myself early for an appointment in Old Town with some time to kill.  I felt a bit odd eating alcoholic ice cream at 2pm on a Wednesday, but I have no shame.  The day was gorgeous and perfect for a stroll with a scoop of Jack Daniels Date Nut ice cream.  I'm not sure about the alcohol content but the flavor was there and wasn't at all offensive.Anyway, I would definitely return and can't wait to try some more of their flavors.
5	This was the marriage of two of my favorite things alcohol and ice cream.  As Charlie Sheen would say "Winning!!!!"I had a groupon so Laura A. and I went to try out this amazing place.  The groupon got us each two scoops so we went with 4 different so we could sample the most possible.  I got the Apple Pie / Spiced Rum and Black Raspberry / Chambord Liqueur.  Both were awesome I actually enjoyed the Chambord the most but I was in ice cream heaven.  Laura got the Mimosa with Champagne and the Margarita / Tequila.  I really enjoyed both of her's the margarita was a strawberry one which is my fav.  The Mimosa was very refreshing and I could imagine that being a great hangover remedy at about 11am on a Saturday =) just sayin.  I have found a new place to cure my sweet cravings and can't wait to try more flavors as the website has many more I didn't see in store so I assume they are on rotation which is great.  I hope that eventually I can find a pinapple upside down cake with rum flavor
4	Scale of 1-10 (multiple visits):8 Food8 Service8 Atmosphere8 ValueBack in high school, i worked at a wonderful local ice cream shop in Texas called Milwaukee Joe's.  Liquored up ice cream wasn't our schtick, but we definitely offered it more than occasionally as a "flavor of the day".  Chocolate w/ Jack Daniels was one of my favorites, and the recipe was originally so potent that I did the calculations that a 120lb person could become legally drunk by eating a half-gallon of it in an hour (it has since been scaled back).  But my real favorite was Triple Coconut: A coconut base with toasted coconut and coconut liqueur. Now I'm in Phoenix, and I went a whole three years here before discovering a new place to get drunken ice cream.  Lee's keeps it pretty simple - a base and an alcohol - but they have so many great tasting flavors that it's a real challenge to settle on just one.  I've had their Chocolate Jack Daniels to compare, and it's also really good.  It's not a dark chocolate though, so I kind of hope that someday they offer that in addition to their current Jack flavor.The space is small and cute.  The service is friendly and helpful.  When doing samples she gave me a sample on each end of the little plastic spoon, which i thought was great.  I like when business people care about how much waste they're making, and that little double-ended thing cuts the sample spoon waste in half.  Big props for thinking more sustainably.I don't go to Scottsdale very often, because there's too much good stuff downtown in walking distance to warrant the drive, but whenever i do, Lee's is gonna be in my belly!
5	I got try try this amazing concoction the other night at Yelps Ultimate Science Fair.... and it was by far one of my favorites at the event! I sample two flavors, and they were amazing. The liqueur in the ice cream gives it that extra "something" that most other ice creams you have lack.I can't wait to get down to the store and try some more!
3	This place was okay. Just okay. What I envisioned and what I got were two very different things. I was picturing an ice cream bar. You know? Like a full on bar with liquor and then some ice cream too. Dreaming of a scoop of cinnamon ice cream with a shot of Jameson's on top or something. Mmmmm...The woman behind the counter got a little judgey on me when I wanted to sample more than 2 flavors. So, I felt rushed to order and ended up slightly unhappy with my selections. The ice cream was not very creamy...it was actually kind of hard but the flavor was decent. These guys came in after us to buy a bottle of water. Apparently, Lee's sells ice cream ONLY. No drinks to speak of. The guys left kinda pissed. I like to support local and I actually went out of my way into Old Town (which I just don't do) for visions of boozed up ice cream sundaes. I probably won't go back- but that's more because of the fact that it's Scottsdale.
3	I guess I'm not such a big fan of the alcohol/ice cream combination after all.  I tried the passion fruit/vodka and a champagne flavor (strawberry?).  While both were okay, I wasn't totally enamored with either the flavor or the texture of the ice cream.  I did like the amaretto flavor at the Yelp event, however.Although we went on a soon-to-be expired Groupon, the gal serving was friendly and helpful.  I might go back to sample other flavors, including the non-alcoholic flavors for comparison.  Definitely worth trying for yourself even though it didn't quite do it for me.
3	i read the previous reviews before i arrived and was all set to love this place.  ice cream was good, but it doesn't taste like traditional ice cream in texture, maybe because alcohol cannot freeze at same temp as ice cream does.  service was typical, friendly face. i'm all about being a femme fatale but am also a business owner too and know that business is business, everything should flow. the ice cream server was wearing a really inappropriate low cut shirt, boobs a plenty spilling over (how many men will want to get some ice cream now? :) the samples were generous and i tipped her $5. the scoops were just scoops. i was sad for the parlor that the image, branding, logo, marketing of ice cream wasn't getting its just desserts.  the ice cream does sell and can stand on its own, but why? someone else out there with deeper pockets will duplicate and package the whole experience much better.  where was the dated music in the parlor? where was the soda fountain? the bar to sit at? the varied menu of shakes and bottled water?  everyone knows after eating ice cream a  good drink of water is a must.  there's no decor to help the place out. no wall decor, nothing! also, as a patron i don't want to see what goes on in the back. don't expose that, but why not display local artist wall art if no theme or style can be accomplished. this place felt abandoned. i think lee could do a better job if she rented food space at a commissary, prepared the ice cream and then bought/rent an ice cream truck and drove to select neighborhoods.  she'd still have to play music from the truck to announce herself though.  so, while the ice cream can stand on its own, will it endure other rivals who'll make the entire experience more palpable? why not make a cute apron for ice cream booby girl to wear since she's representing the business? well, it all depends, selling ice cream ONE time is one thing, selling ice cream & making a regular customer out of the idle curious is quite another.  why not have "buy two get one free" or "10th cone free" cards printed up? why not approach some of the high end restaurants to feature ice cream with ala mode pies on menu? i could see this going bigger and better but the way it's been debut and sold really limits the potential.  ok, i see the other side of the coin, that people who are real hard liquor/dairy fans just want the product, no fou fou experience or packaging necessary but still,  add a bit more to the menu. seriously not even water?  why stop at ice cream? why not waffles or funnel cakes with rum syrup or other ice cream liquor toppings? with so much competition gelato spot, yogurt land, a business person who loves ice cream knows to offer more than just one item.
4	Not much needs to be said here. Ice Cream + Booze = Winning
5	WOW.... that is all I could say on my first bite..  over and over again.  Seriously, I did not expect the two to taste good together, let alone be mouthwatering.  I do not have a favorite yet, they just all taste great to me.
4	After sampling Lee's Cream Liqueur at Yelp events, my boyfriend and I decided to try Lee's out in full-size. After dinner at FnB, we made the (incredibly short, two shop) walk to Lee's. First off, the place is adorable. Super small, but not cramped. Pink walls with a really fun mirrored wall - it has a very retro-modern look to it. I tried the gummy bear tequila - super good, but I wanted something chocolate-y. I chose the Mudslide Peppermint Shnapps. It was delicious! There was a tiny hint of alcohol to it most of the way through, though some bites were much more full of the taste than others. My boyfriend got the Apple Ala Mode / Rum and it was super tasty, as well. The ice cream scoopers were really sweet and helpful - I loved that they greeted everyone with their motto about every hour being happy hour. I sure left happy!
5	Yuuuum is the first thing that came to mind, then again with each additional bite!!   Delicious!
4	Why aren't more people doing this? Alcohol and ice cream belong together!We have tried 6 different flavors so far, and they range from pretty good to awesome. I thought the Jamaican girl was ok, but my husband loved it. My favorite is the Alabama Slammer with Southern Comfort which is funny because there's no way I can handle drinking SoCo, but I love having the whiskey flavor. Some of the flavors have just a faint taste of alcohol while others are more pronounced. For us, the stronger the better.I definetely did not detect any texture problems that other reviewers have complained about. The ice cream is very high quality. It's super creamy and delicious even without the alcohol.I would like to see coffee offerings as well because coffee, liquor, and ice cream are my holy trifecta. But seriously, an affogato with one of Lee's flavors would be amazing.
5	OMG!!!  When I heard about this place I had to try it!  I was so excited and it is in a great location right in the heart of Old town scottsdale...I sampled different flavors...i tried the jack daniels chocolate...the one with southern comfort...I tried the chocolate beer flavor and after just trying those I was hooked!  OMG OMG OMG!!!  This place is heaven on earth for adults...they have non-alcoholic flavors too!  It has just enough of the liqueur flavor without tasting overwhelming...but at the same time you can taste it and you know its in there...the place is decorated to cute...I love the pink and brown and the mirrors on the walls...its perfect!  The owner was the one that was there and she was so sweet and patient because I did not know what I wanted!  I asked her about how she thought about the concept of this place and she said she would always make ice cream for friends and she would infuse it with alcohol and then she decided to open up this place!  She did a very smart thing!  I want to order some for myself at home!  Remember when you go you can combine the flavors and have half one flavor and the other half another!  That is what I did!  DELICIOUS!!!
5	I enjoy ice cream occasionally, but now after visiting Lee's, it is all I think about.  Wonderfully creamy and not too sweet.  The perfect blend.
5	Best ice cream ever!
4	Finally got a chance to try this on a hot summer night, and it hit the spot. The flavor choices were quite fun, I got the one with Long Island Iced Tea and Butterscotch....it was yummy...and you could actually taste the booze! The Red Velvet with Bourbon and the Jack Daniels and Chocolate were also tasty. This is a fun treat, and even the nonalcoholic flavors look good! But while wandering around Old Town enjoying my ice cream, I couldn't help but wonder, if I took it with me in my car to go home....could I be arrested for drinking and driving?
3	It's really 3.5 stars because I did like the ice cream but I'm rating down versus rating up only because of the attitude I got from the lady behind the counter.  Anytime I get bad service, it ruins my experience and it really turns me off.  The ice cream was good and they make their own... I had the rocky road w/c was good - can definitely taste the hint of scotch but it wasn't overwhelming..  I also had the mango margarita w/ tequila which was good too.. good margarita flavor.  I would have liked it more with less tequila and it may have made it better but for those that like their Cuervos, it would be perfect!They also have 6 non-alcholic ice creams for those that want to bring their kids along but don't expect a good treatment from the lady behind the counter because she's too afraid that their glass decorations might get knocked off from the shelves.I would still go back mainly because I only need one more stamp to get a free ice cream, but I'll cross my fingers and hope that there would be a different person behind the counter!
4	This is a neat little place that serves both alcoholic and kid friendly ice cream, although the selection is geared more towards the former.  When my bf and I walked in, the first thing I noticed was that it was pretty small.  There were enough seats for maybe a dozen people.  Soon after we entered, an employee emerged from the back and helped us.  She was friendly and patient w/the sampling.  There were about a dozen flavors to choose from.  We both ended up with the tequila sunrise.  I'm not big on tequila, but it was the best of the samples.  The balance between the tequila and ice cream was perfect.  I tasted the booze, but it did not overwhelm the ice cream.  It definitely gave the smooth ice cream a boost.  My one scoop was larger than I expected and definitely not boozy enough to get anyone tipsy.  This is a great novelty place.
4	Liquor? Good!Ice cream? Better!Liquor and ice cream TOGETHER? THE BEST!My hubby, cousin and I were in the middle of our road trip and were on our way out of Scottsdale to get to New Mexico. But when I saw this place pop up on my Yelp app, we made a U-turn from getting onto the freeway.This store is located in a really nice and cute part of town. I could totally spend my afternoons walking around.I tried pretty much all the flavors there. Vodka Orange Cream was one of my favorites. It totally tastes like an orange creamsicle with a kick of vodka. My absolute favorite was Long Island Butterscotch. It was super strong like a real Long Island. It was just enough to get the flavor. And it was accompanied by little nuggets of butterscotch goodness. There are only about 15 - 20 alcoholic and non-alcoholic flavors out at a time, but the owner (who is a friendly lady) has tons of flavors that cycle. You can see the complete list of flavors on their website. By the way, make sure you have your ID! Or else you'll be stuck with the kiddie flavors. The non-alcoholic flavors are good, but just not as fun. =) This place is a perfect finish to a night out with your friends!
3	I am a fan of alcoholic ice cream and this place is a-okay in my book. I got one scope of the black Russian (Kahlua) and it was good. My scope was $4.09 (including tax), which may be a bit high, especially considering it was just one scoop and there weren't any toppings or mix-ins. The non-alcoholic ice creams were $2.75 + tax for one scoop. I guess my extra buck was for the alcohol.I don't think I will be back anytime soon, unless I really want to try the banana oreo with bourbon. The drive from Tempe isn't worth it and I think Lee was having an "off night" last night. (Read: not the best costumer service. How can you not have a favorite flavor or even a suggestion of flavors to try for new customers?)
4	Yum!! They give you two samples before you order. Don't me dumb like me and accidentally try a non-alcohol-infused...that's the point of Lee's right? :) I had a scoop of the Chocolate Stout and loved it. Lost a star because the customer service could use a little work, felt like we were annoying the employee which is never a welcome feeling.
2	I had way high hopes for this place and honestly, the flavor I had was gross. No other way to describe it. And I'm not sure how, because it seems like it would be hard to make Kahlua gross. But it was. The service wasn't super, either. It was 8:30 on a Saturday night and we were the only ones in there. And it was like she was on a mission to get us to pick a flavor and get out as quickly as possible. I love booze and ice cream, but that's probably the last time I'll do them together. And that in itself is probably for the best.
5	Liqueur or Ice Cream?  What?! I don't have to decide which one to have, it comes together AND I can try any of the flavors BEFORE I buy my cup...well, ok, if you say so!  Choices included the following liqueurs-vodka, tequila, Kahlua, and Bourbon.  I went with the Chocolate Bourbon ice cream.  I loved it!  Friends of mine had one with vodka which one of them kept saying " I can't taste the vodka!"However, this is the same person, who has had two apple vodka drinks and kept saying it was just apple juice not drinks therefore, Lee's is doing something right with the vodka in the ice creams!  It's a small location yet seems to work for the area.  The staff there was friendly and helpful.  And you get a punch card, "Buy 8 scoops, get one FREE".
4	First saw Lee's when I was going to Scottsdale Pen a few doors down. I bookmarked it in my head and brought my two besties from out of town to try it. Lee was not only generous with the free samples, she was also patient enough to deal with three indecisive giggling girls. That's a plus in my book. The flavor I tried was the Jack Daniel Chocolate Swirl and you can definitely taste the JD. I've have been back countless times and most of the time the flavors are really good. I have had so many I can't remember but some that I really liked are Alabama Slammer, French Coffee Tequila, and the Red Velvet with Scotch. (I loved the Red Velvet so much, I actually bought a 1/2 gallon of it.) The only flavor I was not fond of was the Banana Oreo w/ Bourbon. (But then again, I'm not too bananas about bananas.) Prices are not cheap. Two scoops ran me about $8 but it's a great little treat and the constant changing flavors always keeps me coming back. If you really like a flavor and it's not in rotation, Lee will make it for you if you order a 1/2 gallon or more. Just give her a day or two notice and she will have it packaged with dry ice waiting for you. Parking can be difficult since there are tons of restaurants around but park a little farther, grab your ice cream to go and have a nice walk around the waterfront area. (It'll help burn off the calories.) And don't forget your punch card! Buy 8 scoops and you get one free!
5	Jack Daniels Chocolate. Enough said.And Lee is awesome too, what a wonderful woman!
4	My girlfriend and I went here as part of our date 2 weeks ago. Heard a few things about the place and read the reviews so I thought we would check it out. Based on the area of Scottsdale it was in. I was expecting a club/restaurant looking place with people all sitting at a bar eating alcoholic ice cream being douches and pretending like they've known about this place from the very beginning. But I was pleasantly surprised to see next to all the fancy expensive restaurants, a small little ice cream shop that you wouldn't think would serve alcoholic ice cream. Made me think they could be smuggling fire arms and drug trafficking as well and who would know cause the place seems so innocent (calm down ATF and Sheriff Joe. just making a joke). The lady who runs the place is real nice and was informative right off the bat when she saw us. I got the Tiramisu/brandy and I can't remember what my girl got but it was just as good. The lady seemed very appreciative of our business which was nice to see considering im sure she's doing great business and could be a ass if she wanted. Im sure the next time im on that side of town I will make the trip over there. The only thing I wish is that the scoops were a bit more. But im just being greedy. The amount they give you is a good portion if you go there after dinner for dessert. For both my girl and i spent about $8 for the 2 of us. And I also like the little piece of waffle cone that comes with it. Its better than a huge waffle bowl that is tough to break.
4	This place rocks! Can't wait to go back and try new flavors.
5	Lee's is the best privately owned ice cream parlor in Scottsdale! Located in Old Town Scottsdale in the heart of some prime dining locations, Lee's is a great night cap in the form of ice cream, a superb place to bring a date or all in all just a wonderful atmosphere to enjoy some ice cream con alcohol. Let's start with the aesthetics; Lee's offers a very clean, small, cozy environment.  A few table and chair sets dot the inside and a couple more to match on the outside. Lee has some awesome glass vases on the wall that add a modern touch. She has a few large clocks with different time zones so you know what time it is on the east coast while you eat? I dunno the clocks were kind of a head scratcher.The Service is spectacular! Lee is the only help I've ever received there, so I am not sure if she works alone or has help. She is always timely and prompt to greet and serve you and automatically starts you off with TWO samples of which ever flavors you would like. All the young ones like myself be prepared to show ID, although you would have to eat a lot of ice cream to get loaded, Lee doesn't skimp on the booze either. Lee is usually a bit on the quiet side so you gotta listen up and be as patient with her as she is with you. The lady is running the joint by herself! The Product is what makes Lee's so good! Her ice cream flavors are inventive and wonderful. There is usually new options as well a few solid customer favorites too choose from. As pre-mentioned Lee does pack a fair amount of liquor in her ice cream so some of the flavors have a stronger alcohol flavor than others. The Jack Daniel's chocolate swirl is my personal favorite and has the perfect amount of bourbon to chocolate ratio to make a unique, delectable treat. Lee does offer non-alcoholic flavors (at a discounted price, too!) for those opt to take there alcohol and ice cream separate. The cookie dough flavor may be the best ice cream I have tried with or without booze.
4	I thought this place was fun and very yummy! Some of flavors were a little too strong for me but I found many different kinds I liked. The one with Crown Royal in was one of the best ice creams I have ever had. Lee was very friendly and helpful too. I recommend this spot to anyone who likes to think outside the box. TIP: don't touch the glass in front of the ice cream and you will be golden!!
5	Hubby and I tried this place after hearing from a coworker that it was amazing. We sampled a few flavors, cookie monster with irish whiskey, apple with rum (Really can taste the alcohol!), red velvet with scotch, and chocolate jack daniels. I never pick anything over chocolate but let me tell you the red velvet flavor blew me away. It had to be the texture and the fact that there was actual red velvet cake blended into the ice cream. I am the weirdo that mashes birthday cake into the scoop of ice cream so I was all over that.  I also tried a non alcoholic flavor with graham cracker. It was awesome! The service was great too. Will be back!
5	I would support this local ice cream joint all the time if I lived in the area. What better way to enjoy some creamy ice cream laced with alcohol!Lee's does it the best to say the least. The ice cream to alcohol ratio is great. Just creamy enough with a rush of alcohol fused in. Lee herself assisted us and she was greatly friendly and patient.Though we were given more than enough samples, it was hard to pick. The Carrot Cake Irish Whiskey and the Chocolate Jack Daniel are outstanding. And even the waffle is delishhh.  The decor is simple, modern and clean. A handful of tables, but not at all clustery.
4	Yum! We finally made it into the shop, since hearing about Lee's a while ago. After some samples, we all settled on the Black Russian Kahlua. Was really tasty--can't really taste the alcohol, and there seemed to be a hint of coffee in it? Not a ton of flavors to choose from like a typical ice cream shop, but  we were informed they get changed out frequently.  Probably 8-10 flavors w/alcohol and 6 non-alcohol flavors.One scoop is $3.75, but it's a pretty generous scoop. Comes with a little wedge o' waffle cone. Lots of options and would definitely be interested in trying several more. A great treat after a meal.
5	Um, hi. Alcoholic ice cream?!?! Why did i not know about this sooner?!?!?!We went here instead of getting the pazookie at Stax one night (I still heart you Stax, no one will ever change that), and Im soooo glad we did. Then we decided to show some friends from out of town what theyre missing in CO. So twice in 5 days. Alco-cream-aholic? Probably.My hubby had the mudslide, which he doesnt usually like, but he loved it. He also had a scoop of the mint chocolate chip w/ peppermint schnapps. He loved that more. I had the chambord, um, yeah. I actually had one of the non alcoholic flavors (they have 6 at a time), the cinnamon, which was also amazing.The second time around I tried the mango margarita. It had just enough of a tequila taste that it wasnt overpowering.If youre near it, go. If youre across town, go. So everloving delicious.
5	Three words: jack daniels chocolate swirl. I don't like whiskey and I love this. It's caramel, chocolate and jack all rolled into one. Yum.
5	i love Lee's and love that Lee is always there to generously offer samples and scoop her delicious booze-infused ice cream! i've visited Lee's several times even bringing in friends and family from out of state and each time we've all had a great experience.Lee is friendly and helpful and what's more, her treats are super yummy! last time we were in she told us she caters weddings... which sounds like a really awesome idea!if you're on a nice dinner date in Old Town, Lee's makes a perfect conclusion to a night out. (though, let's face it -  booze-infused ice cream is easily enjoyed anytime, under any circumstance.)
4	Fun flavors. The owner is quite nice. Tasty.
5	Wow!  What a cool little spot in Old Town!I never even heard of this place (I'm guessing it's fairly new), but a friend of mine suggested we stop in here on a Friday evening after happy hour.  It was empty when we walked in, and the one woman who was working behind the counter (whom I'm assuming was the owner) was EXTREMELY friendly, answering all our questions & giving out info about the ice cream.  I believe when we were at Lee's, there were twelve flavors to choose from (8 alcohol, 4 nonalcoholic).  However, we were told that they have nearly 200 flavors total that they're constantly rotating.  I had a scoop of the scotch cookies n' cream.  When you think of cookies n' cream, it's usually Oreo, but this was oatmeal (I believe).  It was creamy, yummy, and I LOVED the combination of the two different flavors. When I'm back in Scottsdale for a visit, I'll definitely stop back in this place for a scoop of ice cream!
5	03/28/12Finally visited Lee's!  I think the first time I tried Lee's Cream Liqueur was the March OYE at Arizona Science Center a year ago, and then again at the Yelp Helps of December.  I'm so glad I had the time to finally check out the store on Stetson Dr.Cute little place.  Loved the white filigree patio furniture, as well as the dark wood furniture indoors.  I really appreciated how there was only the one refrigerated section in the room, with "only" fourteen flavors containing alcohol, and six non-alcoholic flavors for the kiddies and those who may not want to booze it up.  (Sometimes "less is more.")  Sondra (sp?) was upbeat, friendly, and generous with the samples.  I was able to try about four flavors before settling on Sweet Nothings (chocolate ice cream, brownie chunks, toasted coconut, walnuts, and cognac) and really wasn't so sweet, and, my fave, Black Russian Kahlua (chocolate ice cream, chocolate creme liqueur, and Kahlua, I think).  Oh, how I dream about the BRK... Ooh, and the bit of waffle cone on top is a nice touch!  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/4QXz7NU6Knxa3pNOQd7_dg?select=ZiHuzw9Ladqg_p8ZB2Gt_gA quick tip: Mention Yelp and you'll get a 15% discount!  I told Sondra how this was my first visit, but definitely not my first taste of Lee's Cream Liqueurs- that I tried it at a couple of Yelp events, and just like that, I saved 15%-- sweet!  (Pun intended.)  Another tip I just read on their FB page:  Mention you're a fan of their page and you will get 25% off your purchase!  (Comment was dated Sep. 2, 2011.)Fantastic ice cream weather we're having, don't ya think?  :)
4	Take a walk after dinner to this find!!  YUM! Then a lovely evening walk along the canal. Perfect end to a perfect day. Kahlua, Lemoncello, Bourbon.  Decadent!
5	Alcohol and Booze I don't know of anything more WIN than this. I had heard of this place by random chance at work. Now mind you I live over by I-17 and the 101...I made it a point to drive over here to Old Town Scottsdale the very next day to try this magical concoction.I was NOT disappointed! The Black Russian Kahlua was my favorite and for the price and amount you get it was a steal. The lady behind the counter was extremely friendly and knowledgeable about the products and they do give samples which was helpful when you can't figure out which flavor you want.They also deliver, I have been extremely tempted to try this service out for one of our adult get togethers at my house.If you live close and haven't been there is no excuse GO NOW, yes NOW. If you don't live close, it is worth the drive!
4	I was so intrigued by this place...alcohol and ice cream combined.  I figured you couldn't go wrong and boy, was I right!  The champagne-infused ice cream was delicious.  I also tasted the strawberry daiquiri rum and was totally impressed.  This little gem is hidden across from Southbridge and it is certainly worth the trip!
4	I don't especially like the taste of alcohol so I was a bit leery, but I'm so glad I went.  They taste great and the person behind the counter is so friendly and nice.  Great customer service and love the flavors!!
5	If you have read my reviews in the past one could peg me as a alcoholic that being said I LOVE LEE'S CREAM LIQUEUR!  Seriously this ice cream regardless of the alcohol is top notch!  Its homemade not processed, below average ice cream you find in chains all over the valley.  For you kids out there they also have regular ice cream (which i haven't had cause I'm an adult and adults drink their calories) on top of the alcoholic flavors so no ones left out.  The alcohol really does compliment the ice cream nicely, its not overbearing and I'm pretty sure it doesn't get you drunk but it tastes fantastic which is the most important thing anyway.  The service is spectacular, friendly and its in a great spot (by like every good old town restaurant) so save room for dessert even though cowboy ciao makes that difficult and try out Lee's!
5	All my flavors have been divine! Limoncello has been my ultimate favorite so far.
5	OK, so this is how much I love this product. I first tasted Lee's at a Yelp Elite event and waited and dreamed a whole year to eat it again. When I was invited to the next year's Elite Pleydate it was the topic of the first question out of my mouth. "Is Lee's gonna be there?" ( Ok, maybe the whole French restaurant's Bone Marrow gravy came to mind too, but I digress) When I made it inside to Pleydate I literally ran to that booth having desert before dinner. I am all about the alcohol infused ice cream now. The funny thing about that is I am not even a big ice cream lover. I will have to visit the shop soon.
5	LOVE! LOVE! LOVE!  I had the Coconut Jamaican Rum ice cream.  It was delicious and I love the fact that they let you sample the flavors.  The service was fast and friendly and the place was clean.  We sat outside on a warm AZ evening and enjoyed our ice cream.  This is certainly one of my favorite indulges.
5	Lee's Cream Liqueur is a lovely local gem. A great twist a classic like ice cream. Liquor plus ice cream... Seriously the owner is a culinary genius!Being my first time in the shop. Elliot, behind the counter was friendly and explained how it all works.  They have  "with" and "without" ice cream choice . Frankly, I would never choice the "without".They had a good amount of flavors. Depending on the day you go in depends on the flavors of the day. If you happen to go in on a day they have Key Lime Pie,  you must try it!! If you like whiskey and heath bars you will fall in love with Cardinal Crown Royal. Really, all the flavors my friend and I tried were great.Once your eating your ice cream you'll get a nice after taste of your liquor. They also sale gallons and ice cream cakes with advance notice. I'm looking forward to trying a ice cream cake. Bottom line you must try out to this local creamery friendly service and great product!
3	I LOVE the concept of Lee's and I enjoy the environment.  It is a VERY CLEAN establishment and the owner has her business running like a tight ship!  It is very quaint and we love the outdoor seating.  Depending on the day you go, different options are available.  I am happy I visited bc my 2nd visit was a lot better than the first.  On the 1st visit, there were a lot of chocolate flavors that we just didn't take to.  We settled on Jamaican Girl because nothing else tickled our fancy.  Also, I know it is alcohol-infused ice cream, but I didn't really taste the essence of alcohol in many of the flavors.  On the 2nd visit there was way more variety!  We ordered Habanero Scotch, Brownie Bourbon & Butterscotch Long Island.  My favorite flavor so far is Butterscotch Long Island, go figure!lol  Lee's is definitely an experience you should try and I can see this being a tourist hub!  It hits the spot on a lazy Sunday.
4	Lee's Cream Liqueur is such a fun concept offering a tasty product. A group of friends and I walked over to Lee's after an event at Cartel. It was just before their closing time, so I was nervous that we would be hurried to make our selections, but the ladies working were so nice and offered us samples of their different flavors. And when we sat outside, they told us to take our time and not worry about hurrying to empty our table.Most of us ordered the Chocolate Black Russian Kahlua, which came garnished with a generously sized wafer. Delicious, creamy, and just the right amount of alcohol flavor! A couple people ordered the Butterscotch Long Island, and I snagged a bite. It was also great and not overpowering.The only reason I knocked off a star is that the layout of their shop is a bit sparse and could use some more seating and maybe even a fun couch for larger groups; but I understand that in Old Town most people will just get their ice cream and walkabout, anyway.Make sure to bring your ID! You don't want to miss out on the alcohol-infused fun. Lee's is a great new option if you're looking for an offbeat iced treat.
5	I love Lee's homemade alcohol infused ice cream!! There are so many great flavors to choose from. I find myself craving this delicious treat!  The Black Russian Kahlua and the Peppermint Schnapps are my absolute favorite!!! The non- alcoholic ice cream put a huge smile on my son's face!! Great service!! We will be back!!
5	Alcoholic ice cream with all kinds of varieties. They're friendly and generous with samples too!
5	I stop by Lee's every time I am in the area (which says a lot given that I eat clean otherwise), and her delicious treats never fail to disappoint. I always look forward to delight my taste buds with her latest alcohol infused ice cream flavors. I enjoyed the in-house made wafers that had a hint of cinnamon... yum! So far, everyone I brought to Lee's has been pleasantly surprised!Elliott also left a positive impression, remembering me after 3 weeks - great customer service, and his personality is the right fit for the crowd you'd expect on a Saturday afternoon/evening.Highly recommended!
2	I went here excited by the prospect of mixing alcohol and ice cream, the perfect combo!  We braved the downtown Scottsdale crowds and lack of parking on a Saturday night just so we could try the ice cream here.  I asked the attendant which rum based ice cream he'd recommend, which was the strawberry amaretto rum.  It sounded delicious, so I decided to go with the recommendation and get a scoop to go.  Eating it in the car on the way back home, the more I ate, the more the ice cream tasted like cherry.  On second thought, I didn't taste any amaretto or rum in the ice cream either.  I couldn't taste any alcohol in the ice cream.  Then, I came to the realization that I was given a scoop of what tasted like cherry cheesecake ice cream, non-alcoholic, not strawberry amaretto rum, even though it was labeled as such.  Disappointed, it tasted OK, but I'm not a fan of cherry cheesecake in general, and I was wanting a signature alcoholic ice cream dessert.  So due to mislabeling, I'm going to have to dock a lot of stars.
3	This place has a cool concept. I was visiting from out of state so when I was looking up places to get dessert and this came up, I knew I wanted to try it because I had never seen a thing like this actually done. I sampled a couple of flavors and ended up going with the jamacian rum coconut or something along those lines. I'm a coconut freak, so I enjoyed it and could taste a little bit of the alcohol. The piece of waffle cone was a nice touch as well. My boyfriend on the other hand wasn't as impressed with the soco cookies and cream that he went with. Like a couple other reviews have mentioned, he said the texture was just a little too weird for his liking. Overall this place has a great idea, but for such a trendy idea I was a little surprised at the decor of the place. The signage and things just looked dated. I know that's kind of a silly thing to nit-pick about, but I think there's a lot you could do with the place that would make more luring.
4	French Vanilla is very rich and creamy.
4	Coming from San Francisco, nothing can beat the amazing ice cream shops that are there: The Ice Cream Bar, Mr. and Mrs. Miscellaneous, Humphry Slocombe, Bi-Rite.... There is a plethora of amazing ice cream in SF. Having moved to Phoenix in the midst of the dead heat, I was disappointed in the lack of fabulous ice cream shops around. (I have nothing against Dreyers,. But if I'm going to a shop to spend $4 on a scoop of ice cream, I want it to be something I can't find at the local grocery store.)Thanks to my fellow yelpers, I found this amazing place! A small shop located in downtown Scottsdale, this place definitely fills my need for delicious gourmet ice cream. I love that some of the flavors are accented with alcohol such as the Jack Daniels chocolate. Another notable was the red velvet ice cream. If you're not into alcohol in your ice cream (or if you're a kid), they do have non-alcoholic offerings. As an ice cream connoisseur, I will say that Lee's offers some incredible flavors that I haven't seen anywhere else. This alone makes a trip to the shop a worthwhile adventure. The wafer that is served with your ice cream is definitely a big PLUS in my book. If you love ice cream or are looking to beat the heat, I say stop in and treat yourself to something yummy.
5	Amazing concept with rich, creamy flavors and a helpful staff willing to let you sample to your heart's content. The quality of the product shows why Lee is not just an engineer in her day job, but a wizard of crafting flavors like jack daniels pecan habanero and tequila orange sunrise. A must-visit!
4	I had what I can only describe as a mouthgasm my last visit to Lee's so I decided it was about time to give this place some props. Picture going to a birthday party and mashing together your carrot cake and your ice cream. Then having someone pour Jameson on it. It was one of the most epic displays of ice cream I've ever seen. And I've seen my share of ice cream.The employee that night was awesome and very personable. He patiently allowed our indecision and laughed with us nearly the entire night. He didn't get annoyed (or didn't show it) when we were clearly the loudest two people in all of Old Town that night.The only reason this place misses a star is because it's not in CenPho and I feel a lot of the flavors aren't things that interest me. I usually only find one or two I'm interested in. Makes it easier, but not as fun.
4	After a good morning of dining around downtown Phoenix and a few hours of shopping for essentials, clearing out the old condo, and studying I returned to Scottsdale for part two of my food day but (as usual) my plans to check out Barratin and/or FnB were foiled by menus that simply failed to wow.  Having heard countless times that I don't know what I'm missing in passing up these places I guess I'm simply afraid that a menu without something that really catches my attention could prevent me from ever going back and as such I searched for a plan B for dinner-before-dinner and instead ended up with dessert before dinner-before-dinner at Lee's Cream Liqueur where I would not only meet Lee herself, but also have some rather excellent ice cream.Apparently more of a side job/pet business than full-time gig for Lee, the "Cream Liqueur" concept admittedly seemed a bit strange to me at first, but with Lee explaining her ideas and time spent formulating the recipes I decided a taste or two wouldn't hurt and with stomach capacity plus $5 to spare a few bites of Pumpkin Pie Brandy, Cinnamon Bun Brandy, and Caramel Pecan Tequila would all prove interesting enough (and the latter two quite delicious) to justify a full order - one scoop of Carrot Cake Irish Whiskey and one of Red Velvet Scotch.Now, having admitted already that I quite liked what I tasted, I will note to purists or mavens that the texture of Lee's Cream is somewhat atypical, an effect of a blending process that that allows the booze to freeze while also using mix-ins like cake and cookies, but if this doesn't bother you then the flavors are great.  Beginning first with the Red Velvet, I loved the chocolate and scotch combination while bits of frosting added needed sweetness to the mix and moving next to the carrot cake - it tasted like a great spice cake, complete with raisins and nuts, mixed with something akin to Bailey's - it was definitely the favorite of those I tried and even if not the most technically proficient ice cream, all in all a nice idea and an interesting change of pace.
5	The girl that helped us was super sweet and nice ! It was our first time and she was excited to sample us her favorite as well as the most popular till we found one we loved ! Then we found two ! Ice cream is so yummy and creamy , it's hard to resist the two scoops you really want !
4	Great little place
3	Ok, but not exceptional. We figured that ice cream plus alcohol HAD to be a winning combination, so when we stumbled onto this place in Old Town Scottsdale I figured we had a sure thing. Well the lady at the counter was polite enough but not exactly nice- sort of cold. I don't know if she was the owner or an employee. We tried several different samples of ice cream and while they were tasty I didn't detect much of the alcohol taste or flavor that I expected. We wound up splitting a scoop of the brownie bourbon. The scoops were generous but the ice cream just failed to wow us.
4	Why must you be all the way in AZ?  This is such a brilliant concept..adding liquor into ice cream!  The ladies are especially pleasant and they really make the alcohol work with the ice cream.  You can taste a hint and it's not overbearing.  The bonus piece of waffle cone is great too!  I would definitely frequent this place if I lived in Scottsdale.
5	Absolutely fantastic.  Some of the best ice cream I've had and then to expertly mix in alcohol?  Off the charts good.  Went in expecting an odd texture as others had described since they were able to freeze the alcohol, but I'm guessing they were just running into cookie crumbs and other tiny grainy bits of the mix-ins for the flavors they tried.  For me, the ice cream itself was super smooth, rich, creamy, borderline perfect.  The cookies and cream did get a bit grainy from the cookie crumbs, but they were identifiable as cookie so I wouldn't fault the ice cream.Can't wait to go back next time I'm in AZ for baseball.
5	went during the summer and it was the best place ever. Loved the liqueur ice-cream
5	When you add booze to something out of the ordinary, my experience is that it's either overpowering or you can't even taste it.  Lee's gets it right - the slight edge of the alcohol mixed expertly with the flavors - fantastic.  The caramel pecan tequila might just be the tastiest thing in Old Town.
5	So good!We stopped in last night, joking that we'd kill two birds with one stone, getting tipsy off our food (gotta be efficient with all the holiday bustle!)The ice cream was SO GOOD. We had the Black Russian Kahlua, Jack Daniels Zebra and Salted Caramel Cognac.It was all delicious. They even give you little waffle cone slices that are so light and sugary and crunchy.. mmm.This is the real deal, btw - they ID you and everything, and a pregnant lady was warned away from the booze-infused flavors.To top it off, the girl at the counter was soooooo nice. She explained how it's made, let us try 2 or 3 flavors each, gave us punch cards, joked around, etc etc. It was so refreshing to have friendly help in a store like this (usually staffed by gum-snapping, bored teenagers).
5	LOVE Lee's! First discovered it a few years ago walking through Old Town after dinner and stopped in... let me tell you, one of the BEST decisions I've ever made walking through Old Town! It is not overpoweringly alcoholic, but you can definitely taste it in there! They also have some non-alcoholic flavors in case you bring kids or just don't feel like having the alcoholic ice cream (although I highly suggest trying at least one of the flavors!) I have never tried a bad flavor here, in fact each time it is hard to decide on which flavor I want! I have brought many people here. The service also deserves and A++, so helpful and friendly ! I tell everyone to go here whenever they are in the area! Also a good "pre-game" for between dinner and going out in the area :)
4	Alcohol infused ice cream?  YES PLEASE!
5	While visiting Lee's last night for a post dinner sweet treat, I discovered that they provide free toppings and cones! The topping options are heath bar crunch and other chocolatey treats and the waffles are waffle cone squares that provide the perfect crunch to the Jack Daniels chocolate! Meow that's what I call a sweet find!
5	Sigh... this place I swear. It never fails to call my name when I am on this side of town and I just have to answer that call. I am a little confused as to why my original review is MIA? Hmm.. At any rate, this place is the BOMB.com. I mean who doesn't like alcohol infused ice cream that is made fresh daily? Who let's you try two different flavors at a time with the double side spoon? I mean seriously! I have been there more times that my check-ins actually state ( I cannot tell you how many but it is way more than 2!) Lee is fantastic and very patient when it comes to letting people decide which flavor's they want. Why just last night I was there and I had some AMAZING Cherry Pop Irish Whiskey and some Rocky Road!! Sweet baby Jesus I was in ice cream heaven. Until my next fix, I will just cherish my lovely memories.. hmm yummy!
5	Alcoholic ice cream.....need I say more??Well I should. Since I'm preggers, I was worried about the alcoholic content, but since they don't card you and it's more flavor than alcohol, I indulged in Jack Daniels and Champagne. Wish they had this in SD.
4	I love this place...I go at least once a month.However, I went yesterday at 9:30pm with a big group of friends to introduce them to the awesome ice cream, but much to my dismay they did not update their new hours on their website, yelp info, or phone voice message, so I was shocked that they were closed because I had double checked before the group of us headed over.  Extremely sad when we all got there that the new hours looked like they were written in a white sharpie on the door.  We all had to go to Gelato Spot instead...
5	If you know me, you might know that I sometimes I call places by their incorrect name. This is one of those places. For months, I referred to this place as Lee Lee's Ice Cream. Finally, my husband had to correct me (which means make fun of me). No matter the name, this place has fantastic ice cream! My husband and I have stopped here numerous times for an after dinner treat and taken friends several times. I love that they have a rotating ice cream selection and let you sample the different flavors. Every flavor I've had is creamy and sweet with a hint of the infused liquor. Nothing too strong, but compliments the other flavors. I have to admit, the Black Russian with Kahlua is my favorite. Luckily, they even have non-alcoholic ice cream if you bring the kiddies. If you're tired of gelato or frozen yogurt and want to try something new, definitely stop by this place for a unique and special treat. You won't be disappointed!
5	It was only two or three weeks ago that Lee told me she was working on licensing to expand, so it came as a sad surprise to read on FB today that she decided to sell the business AND close shop.  The status update mentioned that the flavors will soon make their way to grocery freezers, but not even the pretty and kind Gina knew about this when I stopped by at the shop this afternoon*.  [I had plans to go from massage to happy hour at a new place (to me!) when I decided I'd stop by and speak to someone at the shop itself about the sad news...]Doors close tomorrow evening at 7 pm, so hurry and stock up on your favorite flavors!  Psst!  The Red Velvet Scotch was tasty!  (The cake's recipe is one of Paula Deen's.)  The flavor was a tad sweet, perhaps, but I definitely could discern the scotch and red velvety treasure there.  Plus, it's so pretty!!  :)  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/lees-cream-liqueur-scottsdale?select=I5PSw4fpFZdIWCG_3wkbng#I5PSw4fpFZdIWCG_3wkbngFor those who have unused gift cards and would like to get a refund, please visit Lee's Cream Liqueur's FB site to get more info.
