4	I made a solemn promise to my Yelp buddy, lain b., that I would give Franks Alot a try this week...well, it wasn't so much a solemn promise as more of a "if I happen to be in the neighborhood at lunchtime I will try to get by"...happily for me, it all worked out today:)I had the traditional Power Yoga class at the Village today (the class was brutal today...with a capital "BRU"... but I toughed it out:)After class, I needed something...something...what can retox your system any better than that big dose of unidentifiable beef parts that are first ground into a slurry and then soaked in nitrates that I like to call a "Vienna All Beef Wiener":)???Almost nothing, that's what (with the possible exception of unblended, 24 year old, highland malt scotch whiskey...but I am still working this afternoon...so hot dog it is:)I motored down 40th, past LGO, I saw the Chicago Hamburger sign beckoning off to my right, all wanting my business, all tasty and singing to me as I passed by, but I pressed on to my goal!I was almost on the runways at Sky Harbor before I finally found this place...it's a long way down 40th:)I don't get to this part of town very often...not really much for me to do here, but even though it's a schlep, I can see it becoming a hot dog destination.From first glance, you can tell that Franks Alot is a hot dog joint...drive through or walk up...cash only sign...no inside seating (although it was nice eating on the covered patio with the misters going and classic rock over the acoustically impaired speakers...made me feel like I was 17 again and sitting outside at Luke's in Monmouth...right down to "Spirit in Sky" warbling away at me:)I gotta agree with lain...Franks Alot makes a good hot dog!I had 2 foot longs, just to see what these wieners are made of (oh wait...I remember now...beef parts slurry, etc...see above:)They steam the Vienna All Beef Wieners (I just like writing wiener as often as possible:), serve them in warm fluffy poppy seed buns (I don't have to worry about the drug tests...drug use is encouraged for software developers:)...they have celery salt to sprinkle on your wiener (insert joke here:) which is almost always worth a star!They've got a lot (probably where the name comes from) of different sausages at Franks Alot...the special today was a polish sausage, and they have brats, red hots, etc.They do chili dogs, Chicago style, bacon wrapped...you know...all the healthy options:)I might even try one of those variations one of these days.But for now, I'm happy with the good old standby...the foot long hot dogs!$8.55 for 2 foot longs and barrel of diet coke...that's more than $3.00 less than Ted's for the same thing...and I didn't have to wait in line for 45 minutes:)
4	guessing, we've all, seen those signsvienna beef, a thousand timessun bright yellow, big blue Vweiners from, windy cityserve 'em down at,  Franks A-Lotfortieth, washington's, gota dog house on, east side of streetsells dogs, even, mike vick can't beator any of the, weiner vendorscostco dogs? return to senderyelpers  yap 'bout,  tempe's Tedschicago's Lukes, i'm here, insteaddrives too far, wait's too longinching towards, a Franks, foot longhot dog man, I'm barking loudi give Franks a big, bow WOWwhile relishing, a spicy polish poppy bun, mustard, you know itneeds onions and celery saltpicnic tables, diners halttheir day, to dig a dogor drive thru, if they don't have longto sit and watch, the world pass bylight rail, semis, homeless guyshopping cart, pushed it pastcaught my eye, stopped and askedif i could, maybe, spare a fewtwo twenty-five, bought his lunch, toocooped, inside, since '88cooks,  cashier, crammed in a space'bout the size, of my closetnot sure, really, how Franks, does itphilly steaks, burgers toomore than, vienna, waits for youso if you crave, a great frankfurteryou don't need to, drive no furtherthan this little, hot dog standthanks Franks,  A-Lot,  you dah man
2	Sorry everybody, I just didn't do as well as some at Franks a Lot.  A Yelpie friend recommended it as an alternative to Ted's, so I dropped over there today for lunch.  I thought I'd go for the same meal I had the other day for my first visit to Ted's, but Franks didn't have onion rings or shakes, or a dining room...  It's strictly an outdoor affair, & it was roasting hot on their patio.Not another soul came anywhere near the place the whole time I was there, & I wondered if I was the only customer for the day.  My order was a "Chicago Dog," a little thing with some nice condiments on it, & a small order of not so great fries, spending about $5.  I was hungry again by the time I got home.The taste of the hot dog was good, but otherwise this place was a dud for me, & from now on it's Ted's or bust!
4	Solid dogs.Friendly service.Great variety.Wish they were open longer, but that's ok! ;)
3	I must have driven past Franks A Lot one hundred times before I ever thought to give it a chance.  Franks is on the east side of the road that becomes, airlane, right behind the airport.  As I take airlane to work every morning to avoid a few lights, I kept seeing Franks and finally decided to try it for lunch.  What can I say? A solid hot dog, great price point and an EXTREMELY friendly staff. I haven't pegged if its a family running it from front to back, but I think it is and let me say, they do it well.  There is a drive through as well as basic patio seating.  Make note, they only take cash, but don't worry your lunch wont be more than six or seven dollars anyways.  Their specialty is the Chicago dog, which is covered in onion, celery salt, sports peppers, and tomatoes.  Grab a side of their freshly made french fries and you are out the door, loving life.  Their menu extends to service polish sausage, cheese fries and even a philly cheese steak, but I have remained loyal to my Chicago dog....for now.  If you happen to find yourself in the area, I say check it out.
3	Good quality dogs.  I got two of the regular sized -- Chicago and chili cheese.  Both tasted great, but they aren't huge dogs.  $6 for the pair, which is about fair, I'd say.  As others have noted, the buns are great.Really friendly service.I'll definitely go again if I'm in the neighborhood, but it won't be a destination in and of itself.
4	We were killing time before boarding a flight at Sky Harbor and found FranksALot purely by chance. Since we were on a Southwest flight, we were guaranteed not to be fed. I developed a sudden hankering for  a hot dog. Franks filled the bill in spade. Great beef dogs we ate in perfect winter weather while dreading our return to the cold weather of Washington DC. Thank you Norm of Channel 70 for the treat. The next one is on me.
5	Great people, yummy food, good pricing.  I always tip because they are a little mom and pop and I like supporting them over chains. :)Oh, and you can visit adoptable pets nearby at aawl.org.
5	Wow. What a find. Great Chicago style hot dogs! Jumbo and foot longs great too. My son said best fries he's ever tasted.  Hours m-f . CASH ONLY. atm across street at gateway community college.. no Italian beefs, though. Outside eating, with misters. Clean eating area, so bugs werent an issue. Nice people running it today. 1st time here, and we will be back.
5	Great, friendly, family owned and operated. Always a pleasant experience. I like tipping more and often to encourage small business and retar reward great service. I love the grilled cheese, and rc soda. And free refills on same visit.
4	Great mushroom cheese steak sandwich and fries. Cash only!!
4	Great service , quick service, and great tasting. Just dont like the price and the hours kind of suck. Oh and cash only. Which is great if you are the resercted George Washington, or Abe Lincoln.
4	Loved it!  The only thing that is missing is an ocean or lake view and a cold beer. Friendly and very fast service. My fries were very good. Crispy and screaming hot. It was my first Chicago dog so I don't know how it compares. I'll probably try a cheesesteak there sometime.
4	Not bad for what it is, I had their Chicago style dog and it was fantastic. Fresh bread and good condiments. I think I just might have to make a few more stops and try some of their other foods they have to offer. If you are coming down for lunch I recommend calling in your order or getting there before noon, because from the looks of it you may be spending some time waiting to order.
3	Not a bad find.  Had the Golli Whopper (footlong with chili and cheese), the Chicago dog and the Yoddler with fries.  Golli whopper was good, nothing special about it though.  The hotdogs themselves seem to be regular dogs, again nothing special.  Toppings on Chicago dog are what make the Chicago dog, it was delicious.  Yoddler was ok, lots of cheese (but what can I expect when I order a hotdog covered in Swiss?).  Fries were excellent.  Reminded me of $10 amusement park fries that make you think "those were great, but $10!?", and luckily you don't have to pay that price.  Overall pricing was very reasonable, staff was friendly.  Be aware though, CASH ONLY.  We showed up with just a credit card and luckily saw an ATM across the street at the Community College.  Outdoor seating only, but with a slight breeze and misters it was quite comfortable.  Will probably try the cheesesteak next time we go, and yes there will be a next time.
4	I'm originally from Chicago and always on the lookout for anything that reminds me of home.  This is one of those places!Great service, cash only and rarely a crowd.  Only problem is they close mid afternoons.  Great hot dogs, burgers, Italian sausage and Philly cheese steaks.  Their fries are also some of the best I've tasted in Phoenix.Covered seating (benches) outdoors and self serve condiments.
4	Tasty spot by the airport. Had the Chicago Dog, a chili dog (Beenie Weenie) and a drink for under $10. Fast and friendly. Perfect for a quick bite on your way to catch a flight. No dining room though, so it can get pretty hot, even with the misters going
5	I LOVE this place! The food is great and so inexpensive! The staff is always so nice and it's super clean. I'll probably become a regular haha
4	Make sure you take cash. Cash only place!Hot dogs are really great, be warned it is a sit down place but its like outside sit down with flies, nice little shade (trailer patio? is that a thing?) But worth it.I loved it. I love the food... even if there were flies trying to fight me for it.
5	Great food, great service! And prices and specials are good as well. Try them out if you like a mom and pop hot dog stand, they have burgers and grilled cheese too.
3	Open air hot dogs and burgers. I have driven by this place many times over the years but never stopped. Actually I never noticed the place. We were in the area and was looking for a place to get a quick bite. Found it on Yelp. Stopped by for a burger and a hot dog for my wife. Seating is out side and the day was a little cool but comfortable enough to be sitting outside. I really like going to these local owned places but all to often they are disappearing which is a shame.Our food was good and much better than the chain burger places. The person that waited on us was very nice and helpful.Stop buy when you are in the area. Support your local businesses.
3	Great little hot dog stand in a strange location (you'll get it when you stop in). Great prices, friendly people, cash only, and good food.This place is down the street from one of my offices so I stopped it for a Chicago Dog, great hotdog and great fries! What more can you ask for?
