4	Really cool outdoor shopping center. Has everything you could possibly need, including Target, a grocery store, a movie theater, and clothing shops. Lots of restaurants and bars as well. They even have In-N-Out here!
4	One of the better shopping areas in Phoenix.  A lot of shops, with several different areas.  Plenty of stores, and the central area has quite a few good eateries, and well as a couple of dance places.  Nice atmosphere, with outdoor concerts at times...
4	Nice shopping center with some of my favorite stores all in one convienent place.  Target Greatland, Old Navy, PetsMart, Barnes & Noble, Jillian's and Slices!Still, it is just a mall (and has more boring chain restaurants then you can shake a stick at) but it's casual and well designed.  I prefer it over an indoor mall any day.
2	This place is alright, there's just way too many bastard kids running around.  The only good thing about this mall opening is that it makes seeing a weekend night movie at the Esplanade a bit more pleasant, clearly this is the happening place to be for yuppie spawn and I couldn't be happier.
4	Desert Ridge, commonly referred to as D-Ridge by me and my friends, is huge! Honestly this place is so big There is a movie theater, grocery store, stage, Target Greatland, every shop you would find in a mall, about fifty restaurants and bars, and some more shops such as Ross, Marshall's, Joann's, and Kohl's. Let's not forget the In and Out which I think may be the only drive through place there. Going to D-Ridge is a great place to meet some friends because there is so much to do, but it also gets very congested and parking can get very annoying. Actually here is list of some Pros and Cons.Pros:One stop shopping and eating and so on.Movie TheaterHUGE Target, Barnes and Nobel, As You Wish, Marshall's JoAnn's Paradise Bakery and ColdstoneNo sixteen year olds or younger with out chaperon after sixConsLittle kids in the fountain???ParkingHUGECan get annoyingly busyFull of Chain Restaurants and Shops
5	No kids under 16 allowed (without parent) after 6 PM on Fridays and Saturdays.  I give 5 stars just for that.   Other than that Desert Ridge is a cool outdoor mall.  There is a wide variety of places to eat, and a good chunk of departments stores to choose from.  So if you aren't finding what you are looking for, you just aren't looking hard enough!  There's also plenty of misters for those hot summer days...
2	Hey, let's build a mall that will blend in with the surrounding landscape... no, not the desert landscape, but the urban sprawl of North Phoenix.This mall is huge... a huge parking lot. You have to drive from store to store because it makes little sense to walk from one end to the other. And it doesn't help that the parking lot is like a giant black tar canvas to absorb all of the heat from the sun and radiate it through the area. It's got to be like 5-10 degrees hotter at this mall.Desert Ridge wants you to come and stay all day and night. Screw that, I have shit to do. I try to avoid this place, but on occasion I find myself here. It gives me an Outlet Mall vibe - like Anthem - but that might just be because it's totally out of my way to go here... like Anthem.Desert Ridge is not bad - if you're looking for it, it's here (if you can find it). I just don't like it. Maybe it was built on a cursed ancient Indian burial ground... or a landfill.
2	Another disgustingly huge outdoor mall, complete with jacked-up traffic flow and crazy shoppers. Been here 3 or 4 times. It's such a freakin' long drive for me and offers pretty much what you can find in Tempe Marketplace, Mesa Riverview and all other Mega Retail Mini-Cities. If you live in the area, hooray for you. You have a one-stop shopping mecca. If you aren't in the area, don't bother with the drive. It's a mall. Outside. Crawling with people sweating profusely underneath the Phoenix sky.
3	I did my bachelorette party here it was nice and convenient to be able to stumble from one bar to another. I guess I never noticed the slutty teens that someone else mentioned because I was there after they are allowed out. I can't say much for the shopping because I really never did much of it at this place. I just know that I had fun drunk, and I think its better then the Arizona Center.
2	Mall goths, RUN!  Dejected teenagers, fresh out of their mother's minivans and "Hot Topic" traipsing the area.  Careful or you'll trip over one! ;)
2	Desert Ridge isn't a place for shopping, it's a place for socializing and meandering. The store selection is crappy, to say the least. It's dominated by middle school kids, which is to be expected. The only aspect of this mall I do like are the restaurants.
3	If you live in this area, this mall actually qualifies as one of the best things ever (yes, kinda sad): it has some nice eateries, the Dave and Buster's has a decent space where the have comedy shows, and the Barnes and Noble bookstore regularly hosts interesting authors like Bill Simmons and Maddox (ladies, there are probably authors for you too). There is also an outdoor fountain for little kids, and a stage where bands can play.The parking lot layout is a bit goofy. And yes, the disaffected mall rats are out in full force, at least until security puts the six-16 smackdown on them. Six-16 is the mall policy that requires teenyboppers to be chaperoned after six o'clock on weekends. All in all, not a bad place to swing through if you're already in NE phoenix.
2	The selection of stores is just okay. However the layout is not good. For most people accessing both sides for the stores or theatre they will find that they prefer to move their vehicle than cross to the furthest side by foot through a massive parking lot. If you are unfortunately one who arrives by public transportation, then you are just up the creek in a hot asphalt parking lot.
4	It's pretty here at night by the fountain and the fire. Restaurants are open a little later than most. And the biggest thrill of all now is that dogs are allowed. That was not the case in past years. And on weekend nights it is better now that Tweens are not allowed unsupervised. I did see some x-rated behavior here before that policy. I'm a mom so most of the stores don't appeal to me but we enjoyed meandering around letting people pet the dog.
4	Been here for a while seems like every place that you need to shop is provided here. The problem that i have is probably just the distance as i find this place is far enough from my home. The parking space is good but it's hard to find the board sign for each place you wanna visit as it's hidden.
2	Nice Mall-scape. I like sitting outside near the fireplace on the sofas during the winter and read books.The kids go krazy @ the in-ground water fountains, which is pretty annoying sometimes.Not a huge variety of stores.I got my wallet stolen at this mall at the food court yard outdoors so *watch your stuff* while you're chilling/ reading.Oh,  a couple toddlers were throwing rocks at trees and hit me, and they started cracking up.Their mothers were too busy talking to even notice. Darn those lazy b*tches and their brats! tsk tsk bad parenting.The restaurants are meh.I like *some* stuff from Rubio's but thats about all.
1	I have been a big fan of this mall for a while, until today.  We were shopping at the Albertsons.  While I went inside, my girlfriend and baby waited out in the car in the parking lot.  They both dozed off while they were waiting for me to return.  A mall security guard banged on the car window and woke them both up and announced "no sleeping or waiting in the car!" Are you kidding me?  A mother and child?  Then he waddled into the store to get a coffee.  Shame on him and Shame on mall management!!
4	Great looking mall.  Not a large group of shops in the mall, but surrounded by many others.  Nice to have shopping, theatre, and variety of restaurants together in this outdoor setting
1	Not at all impressed! The place is a maze - a condensed outdoor mall with lots of cheap stores.  The best stores are Target and Kohls which says a lot.  Desert Ridge seems to be for teenagers or young moms.Difficult to find your way around the narrow streets - no large directional signage with store names. Instead you must drive round  and round to try to spot a store.  Drivers don't pay attention to Stop signs painted on the crosswalks - I almost got hit twice.Even the walkways in the mall were tight and congested.  I think Arrowhead Mall does it right!  I was truly glad to drive out of the mall back to open space.  And, unlike Arnold, I will not be back.
5	Lens Crafters.....Sweet Tomatoes.....Target.....AMC theatre......Island Burgers.....Kohl's.....Just Sports.....Marshall's......Albertson's....Blockbuster....Sprint Store.....Gamestop.....you get my point. I have visited all these locations at Desert Ridge and this is by far is my favorite mall in the valley....not to mention it is only about 10 minutes from my apt....and 12 minutes from my job. Parking is good....but if you must go do it in the afternoon if you want to get in and out....because at night it gets real crowded there and traffic is a nightmare. Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!!
1	This Marketplace portion of this Center, is great for sitting, hour after hour, in the water activity area, under the misters.If its a shopping experience, you're after ....STAY AWAY.Its loaded with skinhead type Teenagers, that gather in herds.They are always blocking the walkways.They are visually disgusting.They'll degrade any positive experience, you might have from your visit. As I said earier, visit the water activity area ... when you have leisure time.AVOID this center, otherwise.
4	One of the good things about living in N Phoenix is being close to DRM. Lol- (half kidding) it's huge. So many options for dinner. My usual spots for HH or dinner are Sandbar and the Keg.  Other usual spots are Target, Khols,, and Total Wine.  Geeze they really do have everything here. It's a bit much though. It's overcrowded with people and cars especially on weekends, but at the same time, I've never had to wait for a table at any restaurant here, which I totally appreciate as patience is not one of this Yelpers virtues.Tip- use your Yelp app to check-in and get specials or deals
3	Large outside mall with the usual chain stores.  Several of the restaurant spaces are now vacant.
4	Love this place!  There are alot of shopping stores and restaurants to choose from!  Very clean and spacious with reasonable parking.
4	Shopping, shopping and more shopping. Need I say more? I mean you have places like Total Wine to Old Navy. Kirklands to Target. Albertsons to Kohls. So much to choose from. You have restaurants like The Keg (one of my favs) and Macaroni Grill. Oh and let's not forget Sweet Tomatoes.. Hmm Sweet Tomatoes. Seriously, there is something here for everyone. Check it out and like some have said, parking is usually very good.
3	This is a big outdoor shopping area filled with big box stores and corporate chains. What else are you expecting? It gets crowded on the weekends and around holidays. It's full of obnoxious teenagers. There's nothing new and special about it. You can come here and waste a couple of hours and buy all the things you can get at every other mall in this country. Yippee.
2	Don't touch that it's hot - nothing makes you want to touch something more.  Only for Desert Ridge it's "This place is full of underdressed teenage girls and douche-bag teenage boys". I know I know - you just can't resist going. If you are over 35 there is nothing here for you but food and beer and a cold hard scare of the generation that will be caring for your ass.
4	I have been going here for 10+ years! This place keeps on changing, but its always the first mall I go to when visiting the area!
4	I enjoy an evening hanging around desert ridge, but not when it's as hot outside as it is now. The splash pad looks like fun for kids. The AMC is nice and has an IMAX screen. The Yard House makes a good burger to enjoy before or after your movie, and you can stop in at one of the retail stores such as target, or kohls. I relate to how nice outdoor malls are 6 or 7 months per year. Its just really hot outside in the summer and sometimes cold in the winter months.
2	Aside from the IMAX I cannot think of a single reason to visit this place - and even then the entrance to the theater is so inconvenient I'd probably go elsewhere even for that.  Between the screaming children under the sprinklers and the meandering crowds of children to the Paradise Bread that doesn't allow you to refill your own coffee........yeah.........no thanks.
4	There's not much I can say for Desert Ridge Marketplace that hasn't been expressed by other Yelpers.  Living in the immediate area, I probably end up at Desert Ridge at least once a week. No, it isn't the greatest shopping center ever set up.  But, between places like Target, Khols, Petsmart, an AMC movie theater, and several sit-down and fast-food eating options, Desert Ridge offers a ton of places that will satisfy your immediate needs.The major downsides occur on the weekends.  While many people seem to complain that there isn't that much at Desert Ridge, it seems to easily get slammed.  Parking on Saturdays and Sundays can be a real headache.  Also, on any given Friday and Saturday night, you're also going to put up with the obnoxious loitering teen crowd.  And if you're the type of person that can't stand little kids running around, avoid the fountain area by the "food court" on a hot day.
5	I don't get over to this outdoor shopping mall as much as many do, this being said, it does create an appreciation for it! Very family friendly place. The fountain/fireplace is a nice area to let the kids run around and blow off steam before a movie or after dinner. Great place!
1	I have to start by saying this is a review of the marketplace, not of the individual businesses. Firstly, I hate this kind of place...the overly corporate nature of Phoenix is perhaps shown in its true colors better here than anywhere else. Masses of people all in search of the latest crap that some multi-millionaire wants you to think is fashionable or this week's "need-to-buy" item. Not a single thing about it is attractive to me.But perhaps more than even the masses of mindless drones who frequent this locale, what annoys me most is the layout of this place. This is the modern-day labyrinth. Oh, you can get in fairly easily. But finding where you're trying to go, EVEN when you can plainly see it in front of you, is remarkably difficult. And just try to get out of this shopping mall and get back onto the 101 freeway...I dare you. Good luck! There's literally 2 ways to do it...get in line behind the other 100 cars trying to do the same thing out the ONE exit that lets you make a left (which is OH-so-conveniently located on the complete opposite side of the plaza), or make a right and then cross 3 lanes of traffic and flip a bitch somewhere down the road. I mean, seriously...either a complete moron or a sociopath designed this parking lot.Anyway, all of the things I could possibly need to buy here can be found much more conveniently elsewhere. So that's where Ill be...elsewhere.
4	Nice outside market!!
3	If it had some more appealing stores, I would probably come here a lot more than I do.There are a lot of "teen" inspired stores in the center, which accounts for the roaming kids, even though it says children aren't allowed to hang out without adults present (what a joke)!!I do love the fireplace area, and we do eat at some of these restaurants pretty often because it's so close to our house.For parents of young kids, there is a public restroom near the fountain area. This is where my review goes south. First you need to walk down a weird long hallway, and then when you enter the women's restroom..it's beyond disgusting.The floor seems to be constantly wet because parents take their kids in there after the splash pad.Management does a HORRIBLE job of keeping this restroom anywhere near clean or dry.If you want to use the changing table, SKIP IT. It's almost always soaking wet because of the same issue. Parents changing their wet kids and not cleaning up after themselves.If you need a really great, clean changing area?? Go to Kohls or Sports Authority. Yes I said Sports Authority. The changing table in there is the cleanest and nicest I've seen seen anywhere in the valley.
3	Good selection of stores and places to eat. Who the F designed the parking lot? THEE WORST place to drive through!
4	nice shopping area with good places to eat
3	Some really nice stores but all the one's you find in pretty much every mall in America.  The great news is the area is aesthetically  pleasing.  There are some nationally known restaurants and everything is outside so it's easier to get closer to the business you want, unlike being in a traditional mall!I also like the events and marketing that takes place here.  You can bring your kids to the snow events during the Holiday's and it seems like there are always plans for something special each weekend.  Overall, this is a nice center and it's nearby.
4	We love taking our kids to Dessert Ridge Marketplace, especially in the summertime! All you parents out there know exactly what I'm talking about...We bring their swim suits and favorite buckets and they run around in the water coming up out of the ground while mom and dad sit in cushy chairs with pom trees and umbrella's covering tus from the sun!  In the winter time, we can chill by the huge  fireplace and enjoy our Starbucks!At night time and weekends they usually have live music on a mini stage by the water and a Big stage in front of a big screen down by the other end.They don't have very many stores inside the marketplace that I like to shop except for the Children's Place. They do have a Fun toy store where the kids can go and try out the toys and play for free, that's cool for us, but my kids always find a way to get a new toy everytime...They also have AMC Theater in there, Islands, paradise bakery,  a pizza place and a few other goodie shops!
4	Desert Ridge... why do you have a less-than-stellar reputation?  I can't figure it out!  I mean, you're modern, clean, and you have most of the same shops and amenities as your typical indoor mall, but with the added benefit of being surrounded by great dining and several big-box type stores.Only in America will you hear people complain that a shopping center is "too big". If that doesn't scream "First World Problems", then I don't know what does. And to top it all off, the actual mall portion of the shopping center really isn't that big.The main mall area is laid out in such a way that you can pretty much remain under the cover of the provided shade umbrellas or the natural shadows created by the buildings on either side throughout your entire shopping experience. Depending on which end you begin your journey, you end up at a fantastic outdoor lounge that is perfect for both seasons we enjoy here in Phoenix: Summer, and Not Summer. During the summer months, the seating area surrounds a miniature splash pad that is guaranteed to be THE place to be. All throughout the day, you'll find children frolicking in the water, which means they're NOT in the stores you'll be patronizing. During Not Summer, the same splash pad area turns into a fireside lounge. There is a beautiful fireplace, with seating on both sides for maximum enjoyment for those sitting around it. It makes for a very nice place to take a break from the shopping.Right in the heart of the actual mall , there's a stage right outside of the Dave and Busters. Here, there is a giant television screen that constantly airs different music videos, and it's surrounded by more covered seating. This area is also where they have performances at different times throughout the year.Now, the rest of the shopping area, I'm guessing, is what bothers certain people. The big-box stores (Target, PetSmart, JoAnn's, Old Navy, etc.) are all spread out on the outer circle of the mall area. For shopping in places like this, a little planning might help you avoid too much walking. I get it...Summer is incredibly hot out in Phoenix. But if you're from here, you should know that, and should never be caught complaining that you decided to do something outside of your own accord...especially if what you decided to do was come and part ways with some expendable income.Desert Ridge could seriously be a place where you could spend an entire day, and still not visit each and every thing they have to offer. If you live in North Phoenix and you have shopping to do, you're almost certain to find what you need somewhere in this commerce mecca. A shopping center where you can get rid of some of your expendable income...considered TOO BIG? Who ever heard of such a thing?Not me. I like it....opinions, I guess...
4	I like this mall.  It reminds me of the Spectrum in Irvine.  Some of my favorite places to shop & eat are:FatburgerYard HouseDave and Buster'sI really want to like this place more than 3 stars, but it just seems to lack that vibe that the Irvine Spectrum has.  The parking here is awful....very difficult to get in/out, especially when it's busy.  It's also has very poor signage in the parking lot, so you have to know where the stores are before you head over to this mall.Overall, the shopping experience is not bad, but I've had better.Return Factor - 70%
4	I know its the original district, but I still call it "Tempe Marketplace North". ;)Like Tempe Marketplace, Desert Ridge has a middle area w/ stores, restaurants, a movie theater, etc. The parking lot is surrounded by other big name stores (Petsmart, Target, Ross, etc) w/ a couple restaurants thrown in.They really do have something for everyone/ a little bit of everything here. Dont feel overwhelmed, its not necessary to visit *every* place here, but w/in a few visits youll probably have it down.
5	I used to live in north Phoenix/ Cave Creek so I drove by this mall daily while it was being built. Wow has it grown and changed since then!!!Desert Ridge mall is great for people watching and strolling around after you eat or watch a movie. It seems that each time I go, something new has opened. The parking lot(s) is huge, but never big enough. It is always full and I have to drive around looking for a spot.There is a huge variety of stores and restaurants. I like to sit by the huge fireplace and people watch. Kids play in the fountain and entertainers ...well...entertain us.
4	alright place. used to go here a lot when i wasnt aware of scottsdale fashion square. could have better stores. weird they added a sushi restaurant (nori sushi) when all the other restaurants are more on the affordable side by we'll just have to see how long it lasts. movie theatre is expensive though comapred to the harkins 101, they dont have a student discount so that bums me out. stuff is always closing and opening which makes it sound like they are just going to end up losing all their stores over time.
3	I definitely feel that this "mall" is aimed towards the younger crowd. Most of the clothing stores in the main section are for 25 & under, which is fine by me, but kids are rude, and my niece and nephew have been bumped a few times.Also, the parking lot stinks. Good luck finding a space around dinner time, it's PACKED!The mall is always clean though, the summer concerts are neat and I really like how around christmas time, there is "snow".There needs to be more restaurant variety though. Too many chains.
5	Shop, dine and play. This outdoor mall has over a million square feet of shopping, dining and fun. I say this is a place to take the family. The vibrant outdoor fun in the sun that includes a fire place at night and a splish splash water fountain for the kids. AMC Theater is located there along with an arcade, pottery paining, bookstore and play factory. Parents can sit and watch the kids as they run through the water. Bring the Ipad as the whole mall is fully equipped with free wifi. Be sure to bring Fido. That's right you can bring your friendly companions too. The mall is dog friendly. Date night? There is live music after 7pm on Fridays and Saturdays. Many tasty restaurants in the area to choose from. Casual dining to more formal dining from a wide range of different choices. Besides shopping at the cool trendy stores there is always something going on at Desert Ridge. They have events taking place all the time. It is not your typical shopping center. It is a place for entertainment that the whole family can enjoy.
4	Really nice selection of stores and places to eat! The Play Factory is located here which is a really fun spot for kids and they also have a splash pad. It can get a bit hot walking outside in the summer, but that's a minor complaint and just something that comes with living in AZ.
4	Overall Desert Ridge Marketplace offers convenience for for the surrounding area all tucked into one giant area off the 101 and Tatum. I can tell you that it's nice to have a Super Target, Grocery store, a few good places to eat plus some bars all located at one place. I will say there are few things that are annoying about Desert Ridge: crowded, hard to find parking, too many of the same type of bars, and it wouldn't hurt to open a few restaurants that were NOT chains! I'm sick of eating at chains, but this mall is so close to where we live.
4	We like to head over to this plaza since it's close to our apartment and they have plenty to offer  as far as entertainment, shopping and eating. The parking is a little difficult at times depending on where you are trying to get to, but we always find a spot, even if we have to walk a touch.  They have a movie theater, a variety of shops for most any taste, and restaurants / eateries from burgers to sit-down steak houses or salad bars.Overall: A We have killed a few nights hanging out at this place - it's easy enough to do with all the variety and choices! Good options for a dinner / movie date night!
4	Desert ridge is one of my favorite shopping centers. Before they came up north we really didn't have much up here. There are tons of good shops and restraints here. Few of my favorite places here are of course good ole target which is the great lands one meaning it has everything and i mean everything... I love the grocery selection here and all their home decor. I also love homegoods here and frequently stop by to see what new things they have gotten in lately.. One of my go to places for clothes and home decor. I a, also a big fan of cafe zupas, their tomato soup is amazing.Too many places to list here but a few are kohls, office max, Mac theaters, jimmy johns, pet smart, Ross, Joann's, old navy, bath and body works, ultra, albertsons, sweet tomatoes, in n out burger, hallmark, cpk pizza, Barnes and noble and cold stone
4	brought my wife here to shop on her birthday, she got amazing customer service and prices weren't that crazy. not a bad place, except for trying to leave, traffic normally sucks when trying to leave.
3	I think Desert Ridge is a nice and decent place, I in fact don't do much shopping here, but I enjoy going to the movies on occasion, and the restaurants as well.It is a good place for a long walk when the weather is nice.So generally, I would give it 4 stars.However, my rate goes to 3 because last time I was there, they had ads at several places advertising promotions for the businesses there, it had a URL and when I went to check it out... they expect you to print the coupons! really? in this day and age?Maybe for a mom & pop small business, but I would expect better from a place like this...
4	Convenient, lots of shops, a few "good enough" dining options.  Cafe Zupa is terrific though!!
5	There are over 40 restaurants in Desert Ridge and City North. This is a great area for dining and shopping. It is also a very safe, family friendly area. We live nearby and love it. We look forward to the future expansion of City North next door to the Desert Ridge Marketplace. Tip: do not enter off of Tatum. Go the back way near 56th and Deer Valley.
4	Desert Ridge Marketplace is a great place for shopping. There are plenty of large shops (Target, Kohls, Petsmart, Old Navy, Ross) and plenty of small shops (Game Daze, Hot Topic, As You Wish Pottery) for everyone to enjoy. There are plenty of places to grab a bit to eat or take in a show at the AMC. I normally come early on the weekends for a show at the AMC and then do some light shopping afterwards. The parking lot is huge, but it needs to be for this type of outdoor mall. The only downside is how crowded it can get and how unfriendly folks can be while driving in a cramped parking lot. During the holidays, they have cones and whatnot out to direct traffic, but I think they should keep them year round because some drivers are out of control! Other than that, it's a great place for any time of day since they've got you covered for breakfast, lunch or dinner. I particularly enjoy The Keg for dinner, but there are plenty of other eateries (burgers, burritos, pizza, etc) if you are in the mood for something different. Either way, check it out!
4	I only went to the target here. Shopping center appeared to be huge.
4	There are lot of up sides to the Marketplace.  There are a ton of restaurants and shops to spend time at, especially if you are looking to kill time before / after a movie or want a date night!  The shops offer a variety of options from clothing to home decor to craft supplies.  Same goes for restaurants.  You can easily get some cheap eats here at Panda or drop a little more money and eat at Nori or Wolfleys (which are still not pricey options).Live music is offered every Friday in the main portion and the artists are always different and you can easily find out who is playing on their website. Seasonal offerings can also be found, such as Easter Bunny photos and the like.  The negative here can be the parking lot and busy nature of the plaza. Since they are one of the only major plazas in the area, they are usually really busy and the parking lot can prove difficult to navigate and you may have to park and walk a bit.Overall: AGreat variety of shops and dining.  See a movie and make a date night out of it!  Leave yourself time for parking if need to be at something at a certain time!
1	Not impressed.  Took kids to Radio Disney! This is our second year going. We went to Westgate last year. They played at the splash pad for an hour or so before the concert started.  Oh my god! Hott! The splash pad is in circled by the shops so there is absolutely no breeze. The kids "playing in the pad" were great but i was melting. Compared to West Gates splash pad and concert locations dessert ridge is awful. Well go back in fall or winter for shows, but definitely sticking to Westgate when taking kids to Radio Disney in the future.
5	This is a nice market place that has something for everyone. There are awesome restaurants for dinner, ice cream places for the kids, shopping for the ladies, and places to get a beer for everyone who wants one. They let the kids play in the water if you want to let them, and have a sweet fire place out in the open which is obviously more useful in December then it is in July.This is a good place for everyone and I have never had a problem here.
5	Paradise bakery desert ridgeGreat customer service replace cookies that were accidentally thrown outThx
4	A cute outdoor mall with a great selection of eateries, shops, and entertainment. There is a main island that you can walk around, which has shops, restaurants, etc., then there are rows of stores on the outskirts of "the island." So if you're on the island looking for a store or restaurant & you don't see it on the main island, check the directory. You will likely want to drive to stores outside of the main island.  (Was that confusing?)  The island mostly hosts clothing stores for tween - 20s (think Hollister, Xi, & Hot Topic).The AMC movie theatre used to be my main reason for coming, but there's also Yard House, which is one of my favorite restaurants in that area. They have a nice Barnes & Noble, and D&B is in that main part as well. In the summers that have rows of misters lined up along the storefronts to keep (try to) you cool. That water center (a small area where small doses of water spout up from the ground) is popular amongst the tykes. During the cooler months, near that same center, is a huge enclosed fire-pit. I love that thing!The have another area with a stage and a large screen, which is usually playing a music video of some sort. They have events throughout the year, which are advertised in the Scottsdale mailers, so I assume they are advertised in N. Phoenix and other bordering areas as well.  Otherwise, if you're at the mall, they have a calendar if events posted. (I'm sure it's probably on their website as well.)Ample parking. Well lit at night. Nice place for parents to let their teens hang out during the day. After a certain time (I think it's 6pm), minors must be accompanied by a parent or adult, which I think is awesome!
1	I want to say this place has changed, but sadly it has not... Still just a handful of tacky chain restaurants and cheap imitation clothing stores. Unattended children running around and hordes of culture-less Scottsdale families who are probably too scared to go anywhere non-cookie cut commercial.  Music playing throughout is nerve grading Nickleback and Chris Daughtry. A little nauseating. There is so much potential for boutique, unique and clever eateries/shops... But I guess if nothing has changed in the past dozen years... It probably never will. Ugh.
4	Great place to shop with, everything from restaurants to department stores to bookstores and to movie theater.  Anything you want, you can find it here.  Great place!
1	I hate this center it would so hard to get in and out of; especially on weekends and during the holidays. I have almost been hit a handful of times there and seen more accidents than I can count in the last 10 years.
