2	So Garduno's is now Camarones and from what I can tell the only difference is the name. The building itself is very nice. Multiple seating areas, a cute patio bar as you enter and even an sun room (where we sat) that looks like you could open the windows and let fresh air in if desired. The menu has the standards on there fajitas, chimis, enchiladas, combination plates, etc. They even have steaks, some seafood options, and the standard hamburger (that all chain Mexican restaurants feel they need to have for our out of town company from the Midwest that is not used to the "spice"). The prices are a bit steep for what you end up getting in my opinion. The portion sizes were large, but the flavor was lacking. I shared a "fiesta platter" with my mom trying to get a feel for the food and other than the red chili pork burrito, ever thing else was bland. The chicken in the quesadilla was just boiled chicken. I would of liked some chile or onion laced within to try and amp up the flavor but no such luck. The rolled tacos were just as bland and not much different from the kind you find in your freezer selection. Was it the best choice off the menu? Probably not but I was feeling cheep and not incredibly hungry so spending 20 bucks on fajitas didn't sound appealing. I thought my meal would be redeemed by service and sophapillas- but our waiter was just OK and my drink sat empty for a while which bugs me and the sophapillas, while hot, lacked cinnamon, sugar or powder sugar, and despite my generous application of honey where still bland in comparison to other places.
3	After a weekend of St. Patrick's Day fare - decided that we wanted to go to Garduno's for their brunch.  We get to the restaurant and it's a totally different name.  What is this?  Shrimps?  Fish?  :)  We walked in half expecting EVERYTHING to be different.  It wasn't.  Everything is the same.  The brunch is still offered.  The only thing that's changed is the name.  It's been at least two months according to the hostess.  The menu according to her has changed just a little bit.  Today's visit didn't allow for us to review what possibly could have changed.  We were there for brunch.  For the most part service is still there.  I think wait staff tends to let us do our thing because it is brunch.  Never an empty water glass.  Refill on chips came right away.  Our waitress even offered to stay with an infant while the g-ma went up and got a plate.
3	Was at the Renaissance Hotel in Glendale for a scrapbook convention today. We were starved afterwards and not knowing the area, we stopped here cause it was close!All three of us went for the lunch buffet and their house margarita on the rocks. $9.99 for the buffet and $6.50 for the marg. I'm not a huge fan of Mexican food, but I did enjoy what I ate. Tacos, enchiladas, salad, desert, fruit, a very spicy (to me, which probably wasn't too spicy) carne adovada, beans, rice and a whole bunch of other stuff I ate that I have no idea what it is.  All three of us enjoyed it much!I had flan for the first time. I thought it was good, but didn't have anything to compare it to. The other ladies thought it was tasty too, and they eat it often.Service was great. Thanks goodness my water stayed full. I needed it with the spice.Place is beautiful and has some cool decorations on the outside, like the huge margarita on the roof!
4	With Mexican buffets few & far between here in the Valley, I jumped at the chance to try this one, shortly after discovering it.  It's a big, beautiful place with several dining areas to choose from inside & out.  I landed in a booth in sort of a living room, which was comfortable except for music playing too loudly, in my opinion, over by the bar.There was a lot of food out for a Mexican buffet; I counted up 31 trays, mostly in roll-top chafers.  The soup & salad were good, the refried beans were kind of blah, & the Spanish Rice was overcooked & mushy.  I think they need a new recipe for both the beans & the rice!  The rest of the food was good, with the "Chicken Stuffed Sopapillas" terrific, & the chips & salsa were excellent.  Everything was the right temperature.  Also, the restaurant was immaculately clean, the staff was friendly & the table service just right, so despite a couple of things, there's a lot to like here!Lunch buffet $9.95
2	This place works best as a sports bar than a restaurant. They did try to sit us away from the bar and loud TVs but still could hear it. The menu has the expected variety, nothing out of the ordinary. A word of caution, their concept of spicy can be different from yours if you are not used to hot food...what they would call a "1-star" probably was a "3" for me. Our waitress was very nice and, I have to admit I feel a bit guilty about my low score...I quite can't pinpoint why but it was not a memorable experience. Not horrendous, but not quite good either. Maybe I expect more of a Mexican restaurant in Arizona.
3	It was ok, there was a large group of us and we all enjoyed the appitizers, including the table side guac.  Biggest complaint was how poorly their bar was stocked.  No Chivas, no Sambuca, weak margaritas, etc.  So while the service was good, the food was just ok and the bar needs to be stocked better.  There is room for improvement.
2	The margaritas were awesome... The resturant decor was very nice... The service & food was miserable...it wasn't the servers fault or bartenders... The manager is a half ass piece if s&$t!..
1	Lousy excuse for a restaurant!  Don't waste your time or money on this place.  My fajita's were cold, my margarita tasted like kool-aid, my salad came after the meal, I would have complained if there was anyone in sight, the server was an idiot who actually said I don't know and then stared at me after I asked a question about a dish.  DISGUSTING!
3	Wow, it's been over 6 months since I was over here to this very nice place for the lunch buffet.  Mike C. joined me to give it a try today, & all the food was about the same as before, but no loud music playing this time.  That was nice, & the service was attentive, but the food is a little blah overall, & the price is a little high at $9.95.  I'm going to have to drop this one down to 3-Stars.
5	I am giving Camarones 5 stars because i feel it is the best Mexican buffet in the valley. Rand H. and I went here for the lunch buffet and I found this place to be big,clean,comfy and well decorated. The food was very good from the soup to the desert and speaking of desert they had that tres leches cake Norm R. has been raving about and now know what it is, it is GOOD.They also had good brownies ,fresh fruit and some pretty good flan.Well when i left this fine buffet i was stuffed.iI
2	I came here with my family for Mother's Day Brunch. The place was busy but we had made reservations and got seated immediately.We had been here once before for another Sunday brunch back in December for my brother's birthday.Now the menu offered on that random Sunday back in December was the same exact menu offered on Mother's Day. Nothing was different.Well there was one difference. A rather sizeable difference. The cost.$20 for the brunch and champagne in December. $35 brunch + $5 champagne for Mother's Day. Yeah, nearly double the price for the same menu just because it was Mother's day and they know people will pay it.I would still come back here though, the food is really good and the restaurant is beautiful.
1	Went there for lunch with some friends. I joined them at their table and ordered a margarita. Big sign outside 2.95 margaritas. Got the bill and they were 5.95. It was hot in there, the AC must have been on 85. Service was ultra slow and food was mediocre and prices were high. Will never go there again!
2	I don't think I would come back to this one.  The service was mediocre, there was little to no air circulation in the booth area.  The seafood enchiladas I ordered were quite good as well as the margarita.  The restaurant was not very busy though around lunch so I don't hold out as that being a good sign.  The manager also barked alot at the staff in front of the customers.  This restaurant needs an intevervention.
3	Must echo Brian O. about the lack of circulation in the booth area. Not good when the temp is 113 degrees, no matter how many times the server refills your water. By the way, our service was good and efficient, and we liked the guacamole prepared tableside. Also, we liked the many vegetarian options and the way the shrimp tacos were prepared. I hardly ever venture out to Glendale, but at least now I know of a decent Mexican restaurant there.
4	I've been to Camarones several times and keep coming back. From my house, it's a good 30 minute drive, but it's well worth it.I personally don't enjoy restaurants that have such a noisy atmosphere that you have to practically yell at the person sitting across from you just to have a conversation. Camaromes is NOT like that at all. This place has a very upscale vibe to it. Granted, the outside cantina will appease those who would like their blaring music, but I'm more of an "enjoy my dinner" type of person.The variety of the menu is fantastic! From tacos to pasta. And I have yet to try something that I didn't enjoy. I was also extremely impressed with the numerous vegetarian options on the menu. Generally you don't find that at other Mexican restaurants whose main ingredient is lard.I recently went there with a party of 8 people. The service was impeccable!I'll continue to frequent this place!
3	Okay, it's a nice place but I'm not sure I would drive out of my way to go here. I was in town on business staying nearby and thought I'd give them a try. The food was good, but not great. The shredded beef taco was typical and the shredded pork burrito tasted more like beef. The red chili sauce had an okay flavor but the heat level seemed to simply over power everything (and I like hot). The restaurant is very nice inside, very upscale. I guess if you wanted to spend alot for a Mexican dinner in a very nice setting this would be the place. Service was so so, maybe it was because I was a party of one. Whatever the reason, it wasn't a happening thing. Hey, at least the salsa was tasty.
5	Let me start off by saying there were three of us in our party and we are all lacto-vegetarians. I love Mexican food and have eaten it all over the country. I am new to AZ and had only had Mexican at the local favorite, Macayo's. Camarones was such a welcome surprise! We all had the enchiladas with the blue corn tortilla's. It was great to know that they had vegetarian beans and three different sauces to choose from. Two of us had the mild sauce and one had the hot sauce. OMG!!! We loved, loved, loved the food. I had the cheese enchiladas with the mild sauce and it was so good I couldn't stop eating it. I usually only eat half of a plate of enchiladas whenever I have them. The manager stopped over to our table and was totally pleasant and talked to us for a few minutes. My husband and I were meeting a friend for dinner and we must have been there for two hours chatting it up. We had a great dinner all around. So far, still being relatively new to the area, this is now my favorite Mexican restaurant. Not to take anything away from Macayo's who serves a delicious corn and cheese tamale.
2	For a name like camarones (shrimp in Spanish) you would think that the ceviche would be served with some cojones (explertive for strong or brave in Spanish) but instead the katsup flavored pansey shrimp dish fell short at best. I had a three item combo that was slathered with microwaved melted cheese. The chicken taco a chicken filled sopopillo and the adobada beef all tasted of chafer water. The taco and sopopillo chicken were identical and flavorless. The adobado was so broken down that it resembled ground beef. The only salvation to the dish was the delicious tortilla and the table salsa left over from the chips. No wonder this huge beautiful building is empty. The positive was that the wait staff was friendly And very attentive. I wont be wasting another cent in camarones until they get out of the catering business.
4	Hope, the waitress made it 4 stars for us!  Sopapias are amazing!  Cheese enchilada is good.  Don't get the chile releno... Yuk!  Salsa is good... Chips need to have the oil changed before they are fried.  Overall the experience we mediocre however the waitress named Hope made it great with her customer service!
4	Gave it a 4 star, open on christmas day. Buffet was clean, fresh food & set up very nice, had drinks & desserts. The menu was over priced. No usual chips or salsa with meals, need to order off the menu. Staff were good, but had to wait/ask for refills. We ate outside. Location was a plus, near the stadium. Portions were satisfying. Tamales were good. Not roomy. The table we sat at was not stable, everytime we got up or moved our drinks would spill. The chairs were bulky, I felt like it was leaning too far back, i like to sit upright when im eating n a little too low for my comfort. Meal for 2 was around 40.00.
3	This is a higher-end restaurant for mexican food. So the food may be a bit pricey. We came after happy hour which end at 6:30pm. When I walked in, I was pretty impressed with the design with low-light setting. Only thing is that if a table next to you order anything-grill, you'll be overwhelmed by the smokey smell. We end up ordering Combination Fajita and Fish tacos. I was kind of disappointed in the food. I think there was only 3 tortilla wraps that come with it, in which we end up having to order extra wraps. Also, the wraps is kind  of small to fill up all the meats I want in it. The taste was kind of bland, not much taste unless you dip in the salsa sauce that comes with the tortilla chips. Same with the fish tacos, it was crispy but the fish meat is very bland. As for the service, it was good, we had a friendly waiter guy who's friendly and attentive.One thing that stand out is that they serve Margarita in a big margarita cup
4	Shrimp cocktail is a must! Spicy with a hint of sweet! Excellent service. The price is a little high until you see the portions. Spicy salsa with chips is served after you order your drinks. Great margaritas and friendly staff.
2	Camerons? How bout Camer-NO. Food is just as good as Taco Bell and the service is worse. Margaritas suck.
4	Very nice exterior and interior which probably explains the little higher prices for Mexican food.  I was a little taken back by the table we were seated at as it seemed to be covered with plastic contact paper and had a couple of holes in it.  However, the salsa and chips were good with the salsa having a little more 'bite' than expected (which was a good thing).  I ordered the Carne Adobada in a red chile sauce which was excellent.  This is always my favorite dish to order and with it was a chicken stuffed sopapilla with green chile sauce (which I had never heard of but sounded interesting) and that was also very good.  The amount of food allowed me to take home a good portion of it for an extra meal!   The waitress and busboy were very attentive and the front desk seating people were very friendly both coming in and going out.  I was impressed and we will definitely be back.
4	I have two major issues with previous reviews.1) This is not an "upscale" or "pricey" mexican restaurant. Yes, the decor is nice and the building is pretty cool. That does not make a restaurant "upscale". Sorry but it doesn't. Camarones never changed the decor when they switched from "Gardunos" to "Camarones". So previous owner decor doesn't reflect on current owner's level of fanciness. lolYou can get a 4 item dinner combo for $14. Pricey? I don't think so. But mabe that's just me. 2) They DO have a happy hour. Look at the website. It's M-F 3-630pm. 10oz house margaritas are $3 (refer to part 1 of this review) Hornitos 19oz are $6. As far as the food goes? It's a typical mexican restaurant...it's not a Barrio Cafe or an upscale cantina in LA/NY/Vegas (refer to part 1) it's just a really good mexican restaurant. I really don't understand all the negative reviews. Actually...I'm kinda craving some enchiladas now..Maybe I'll go there tonight.
3	The bruch was alright.  The lay out was a bit cramped.  Loved the churros.  Pancakes need some work.
1	Do yourself a favor....  Just don't go.
4	Went with family from out of town (there hotel was very close by) and I was pleasantly surprised considering some of the really negative comments.  The atmosphere is very relaxing, the service was great and the food was really, really good!   We all got something different and everyone enjoyed what they had.  I had the two item combo with carne adobada which was delicious a shredded beef taco.  The Hornitos margaritas (for only $5.95) were great...not too sweet like most places.  My only two suggestions I could offer for them is to: 1). replace the tabletops on the tables with the cracked plastic coating, that doesn't look very good and 2). change the crunchy taco shells...the shredded beef was delicious, but the shell just fell apart and I had to eat it with a fork.This was my first time going there and I would definitely go again. Maybe they have good days or bad days which could explain the negative remarks... or maybe the people writing them work for a nearby competitor...?  All I can say is we had a great meal and a really nice dining experience there!
3	Nice Mexican restaurant near Westgate in Glendale.  The decor is nice, the service is ok, but the food was uncomfortably spicy - especially for enchiladas which are normally my fav!
2	Good service and nice resturant but not good food.
