5	I have used Call the Caterer many times and I would recommend him to my family!   He is always on time- pays attention to details and makes me look great to my clients.   I have been using his Personal Chef services for four weeks today and WOW am Impressed.   No more standing in line at the grocery store.  No more cooking and cleaning and most of all no longer eating out.     Monday delivery and I am good for the week!     Who would have thought, you could have meals made for you that is healthy and fit your dietary needs for less money then it was costing you before!   My recommendation is to HIRE them no matter what your needs are.  He will make it work for your budget!
5	Wow, What great meatballs, chicken, a fabulous desert & more at a Business event I attended!! I went back for 2nd's If you are ever in need of a caterer, I highly recommend Michael Call with Call the Caterer.
5	Chef Michael has catered many business events myself and many colleagues have attended. He's known in our circles to deliver consistently quality, crowd-pleasing fare with attention to detail,  fresh takes on the classics and a diverse repertoire of culinary preferences such as kosher,  vegan and gluten-free. My background,as professional chef and caterer of 7 years, gives me a unique perspective on catering.  From back of the house, front of the house service,  menu and meal planning and pricing, speaking to Michael and testing his chops, so to speak, I was so impressed, he is the only caterer I personally endorse and have referred former clients. I am looking forward to the next event that Chef Michael of Call the Caterer provides exceptional service and delectable food that I have the good fortune of attending.
5	Michael Call has some ability to take a simple dish and make it spectacular. He catered my sons 3rd birthday party and everyone absolutely loved the food. He delivered on time, was easy to talk to and very accommodating when it came to making changes to the menu! He has a positive can do attitude and I will definitely be using Call the Caterer again!
5	Michael catered our meeting and the food was very tasty. I am very picky of what I eat in public. I was very impressed. I will have him cater my next function at my office. His pricing is dang cheap for what ypu get for your money. I highly suggest you try him.
5	I have attended two events that have been catered by Call the Caterer. Michael Call does an excellent job. His food is very tasty and the service is impeccable. I would recommend him to anyone that needs an event catered in the Las Vegas area.
5	You know your in trouble when your doctors tells you to lose some weight and you are now testing as type II diabetic. Its a serious wake up call to stop eating junk food and get serious about losing weight and getting healthy. As part of my quest I discovered Chef Michael Call, owner of Call the Caterer. What a blessing, Chef Michael and his team are able to prepare and deliver weekly dinners every Monday for that week. Chef Michael takes careful consideration of your personal needs such as food allergies and in my case diabetes. The food is delicious and healthy and the convenience of not having to cook every evening when you get home from work is so stress relieving! I haven't even discussed his fees, but trust me they are much lower and more affordable than you think. I never thought I would be able to say I have a professional chef prepare my evening meals but now I can, and much healthier for it!!
5	Michael Call with Call the Cater is absolutely AMAZING!!!  He makes 3 meals a week for me and my family. Each meal has been great. I have 4 kids involved in many activities, needless to say it is so hectic after school. I know we can come home real quick for a home cooked meal, prepared by Michael before we are off again to the next activity. No more drive thru. Our health has improved & we feel better!! I didn't realize what all that fast food was doing to me & my  family's health. So GRATEFUL for Michael Call!!!! I have more time to hang out with my family & no stress in grocery shopping, planning & preparing meals. Thank you so much, Michael!!!
