5	5 stars fo sho! I needed to buy a new set of tires on my 04 Mercedes SLK which requires some not so standard tires. The manager helped me over the phone to find something that was not only going to be great for me but also great for my wallet. He spent a lot of time helping me out and managed to find something that fit both my wants and needs and for a ridiculously low price.When I brought the car in I also asked about a few other things that cost an arm and a leg at the Mercedes dealer and he did those at basically less than half the cost. Great service, went above and beyond the call of duty! I will be bringing my car here for all my tire needs in the future.
1	Don't go there if you're female and/or want a "rapid" oil change. I've been a Big O Tire customer for over 15 years but this location has ended that. I've had 3 oil changes there and none of them have taken less than an hour and a half. Also, the guy behind the counter kept calling me 'sweetheart'. He was about 10 years my junior and he wasn't calling any of the men in there by names like 'buddy' or 'bub'. I definitely felt singled out for his 'special' treatment.
1	If I could give them 0 stars I would. I was referred to them by the guys who work on my truck. They couldn't do the front end alignment themselves. I called, scheduled an appt, and when I got there advised that I need the front end alignment. I also mentioned that I have a vibration that seems to elude everyone and maybe once the alignment was done, if they saw anything to let me know. Well that was the wrong thing to say. The guy test drove my truck then proceeded to tell me all the things they THOUGHT were wrong and handed me an estimate for $800.00. Let me preface by saying that Ive been working on my vibration issue over the period of 4 years. I've had more than one  knowledgeable person look at it and they still cannot determine why my truck is not keeping a balance. The Big O rep said that shocks would cure the problem. Really. Not by anyone IVE TALKED TO. I know more about my truck then I ever care to and more than most guys Ive talked to about it. I was told by Big O that I had a bent axle. Toyota said not true and neither did Discount Tire. I will agree that I need a sway bar bracket and I got one of those from Toyota. I agree with one other reviewer don't go if your a woman. I guess my being one made this guy think I was dumb enough to buy that estimate and fork over 800.00. No alignment was done. The guy told me he would save me the money because he wanted to let me know that there were guys out there that were honest. Oh? Where?
5	I love this place! I always get 10-15 bucks knocked off my oil changes, great service. I've had new tires put on here, oil changes, AC re-charges etc. Always polite,friendly and fast service.
5	I was impressed with the no-pressure approach of the manager, Todd.  It seems they are about building customer relationships.
2	I've had two major repair jobs done here and both made me a bit uncomfortable, so I'm not planning to return. Their only diagnosis tool seems to be the computer reporting tool, This leads to things like wanting to replace an entire part of your car (the entire ignition system, transmission, etc.) if they can't identify a [trivial] problem.While they've never done anything that made me suspect they were suggesting things to run up my bill, it seems more like they don't know how to diagnose the specific problem and just 'ripp it out and replace it all' is their modus operandi.Their prices are on the high, as well, to the point that they actually 'threw in' some free repairs that I know to be nontrivial after I complained about the amount I'd spent and still didn't have a working vehicle.Lastly, service is extremely slow - both jobs I had them do my mechanic back in TX could've done in a few hours, instead it took them overnight (and I dropped the vehicle off in the morning both times).I tend to keep my one star reviews for outright scams/food poisoning/etc. -- my review of Big O is just barely above that line.
1	Avoid this place at all cost. They are CROOKS. My new GMC Sierra SLT still under warranty  and extended warranty with brand new tires had a small nail puncher, The Salesman Tim lied and tried to convince me to not only change the flat tire with new tire but also replace the other three. Oddly enough my father owned tire factories in India and I grew up watching how tires are made so I took it to a different Big O'Tire they fixed the flat and did not even charge me money and confirmed that my tires are new and in good condition.
1	This place is a joke, makes me never want to give my money to another big o tires again. Two of the men working treated me like I was a complete idiot. Isn't that why I'm going here? Because I can't change the tires or do work on my car on my own? Discount tire up the street is where its at.
1	this place is a joke! my husband told me to go to meineke and i should have listened #creeps
1	I came here for a routine oil change... they came back and shoved a bunch of unwanted information at me saying I need to have X and Y changed. The repairs would cost me over 2000, so I said no. Aside from making me feel stupid, when I went to check my oil a couple months later, I realized some screws were missing from underneath the hood. The ones that were there weren't secured properly. And somehow my hood prop rod also magically broke somehow. Also, I came here once before that (this is before I noticed the missing pieces) because I noticed my check engine light was on. The first thing they threw at me was a 100 dollar diagnosis check. I could get those at other places for 15 dollars. again when I refused service, the technician just kept giving me the weirdest look like I was the dumbest customer to ever grace his presence. bottom line: Sub par service and work. I will never come here again even if it is close to my house.
1	I have used this location many times for various reasons with almost always friendly competent help. Today I went in to have some factory rims put back on my car. I had paid for it once before so they offered to do it free of charge, GREAT! When I picked up the car it looked odd, upon closer inspection they had mounted the rear rim on the front left and front on the rear while also mounting the wrong tire on the wrong wheel. When I pointed this out the manager Art muttered "that's why we didn't charge you" nice. Adding insult to injury when they corrected the issue they managed to keep my factory metal valve stem caps. Not a big deal but a major annoyance to my OCD. I will still use them in the future but this was definitely a hiccup in their customer service.
1	I came to this location again today. I was greeted by a smug employee named Art. I politely asked him for a patch on my right rear tire. The rear tires on my car had about 40% tread left. Art looked at my tire and quickly said "not doing it, go to the Mexican place on rancho" .. This is the second bad experience I've had with Art. I had about $900 in cash in my pocket and would have purchased new rear tires if he hadn't been such an ass about it. I have 6 cars and my roommate has 3 as well as an RV. We will NOT be using this location again.
1	I wish, I wish,I wish........I would of read the reviews before I came to this awful place. I went in for an oil change and a "complimentary tire rotation" and ended up with a $400 bill. They tried to take advantage of me because I am a girl. They told me that my car needed break work and that is why my breaks where squeaking.  So, we went to Firestone across the way to get a second opinion. Firestone did not find anything wrong with my breaks. In fact they found that they stripped my bolts on my wheels. I had to pay Firestone for the damage Big o Tires did. Avoid this place all together. The silver lining is that I found a great honest mechanic named Trevor at Firestone. Go there!
5	I have had several visits to the Rock Springs store over the past 3 years.They have always been more than fair and fixed the problem. The management seems to be  the key, and that is where this store works well. x
