4	I have to review Dukes because I live right next to it.  Even though it's a sports bar that looks like it fell right out of the early 90's, it's still a good place.  All the food is good bar food that's not expensive.  Great beer specials nightly and a hilarious crowd of people.  Go in and grab a seat at the bar, you'll see old drunkards, young idiot frat kids......I guess that's pretty much it, but it's still fun.  Go on Thursday for Karaoke, there are these two creepy old guys that sit seperately from one another, and just pass off the mic each song between the two of them.  It is the most awkwardly entertaining thing you will ever see.  Also, Saturday and Sunday morning bloody mary bar that you can't beat.
2	When the bartender says it sucks, then the place must really suck.  A group of us went here on a Wednesday night and we were told that this place was really bumping before.  Two churches close by complained and the original owners picked up a left for a new location.  So whatever you heard in the past probably don't hold up to what it is now.  My co-worker that saw this place in the hey-day was really disappointed.
3	I went here on a Friday night for trivia and the place was packed.  They have a lot of pool tables, shuffle board and a million TVs.  Everything you could ever want in a sports bar, right?  Well here is what you don't want. It is SO loud in there you can barely have a conversation.  Our server was missing most of the night and when he did show up he screwed up our orders.  I give it three stars, 1 for the wall of TVs showing different games, 1 for the menu that has a lot of variety including 2 pages of salads, and finally 1 star for the fact that they have a bloody mary bar.  This alone will get me back in there to watch football on a Sunday morning.
4	I am very convinced that there is no such thing as a sports bar with good service in Scottsdale.  Dukes is no exception.  I went to Dukes last Sunday for the Chargers game and it was packed.  I was pretty happy to see a sports bar within stumbling distance to my house that was actually a lot bigger than it looks from outside.  Sure, its in a strip mall but I can overlook that.  What I cant overlook is how downright miserable our server looked when she was actually anywhere near our table, which wasnt often.  I almost deducted two stars for this, since other friends of mine had been there the day before and said their service from another girl was equally as poor.  What I do like about Dukes:Cheap drinksBloody Mary barA billion TVsShuffle BoardThe layout and big spaceFree Wi-Fi (No I did not take my laptop, but for those fantasy football players that must have their scores immediately, it seemed like a good thing)All in all, a good place to watch the game, whoever youre cheering for.  Maybe service at the bar (instead of at a table) is better.
4	Free car service to get you there and home safe??? Hell yea!Dukes is a divey, large sports bar with a million TVs, decent food, and cheap ass drinks.Specials every night ($2 burgers on Mondays), Karaoke on Wednesday and Saturday... Pool tables, shuffleboard, a misted patio for smokers, etc...Located close to old town - so this is a great place to get your party started!This is a found treasure :)
2	Ugh....when you have thoughts that you are going to a dive bar, and you get this?  Not a pleasant thought.Went there with a friend on Saturday night (can you all guess who that was??? LOL)  and the first thing I kept on thinking was..."Wow this place is bright."  Very sports bar atmosphere with horrible Karaoke and weird people.  Yes, there were a lot of ladies there....so the pickings for men were slim.  I had a couple of drinks and all I wanted was to find a decent guy to stick my tongue down his throat!  (Kidding, y'all)  All I got was some pretty boy who thought we were talking about curling and some weird dude next to us who sings a bad ass Barry Manilow. Oh!  And when we were waiting for our ride (plus on the car service availability) some weird freak of nature walked up to us outside.  He was talking to me in some weird radio announcer voice in my ear.  All I wanted to do was run hom and shower and sanitize my hair and ear.  2 stars for the chicken fingers (yummy) and car service.  So not a dive bar.
3	Not a fan of the foodHowever, I do appreciate that they have a LOT of salads on the menu!Yay!This is a good neighborhood bar.  If you're looking for trivia, karaoke, cheap happy hour drinks and you live in the neighborhood.... GO!If you don't live in the neighborhood, don't bother.
3	This place is amazing. It's really bright inside, has tons of huge televisions, more pool tables than you can imagine, lots of places to sit, and several various bar games... just a billion things to see and do here. It's like a fucking carnival in Vegas.The drinks and specials are quite reasonable, and they have a pretty good selection of beers on tap. They have a good bar menu and lots of salads. I had a chicken caesar and it was mighty fine... I saw some of the other food and it looked pretty rich and greasy. Don't go here expecting to get diet food. The rest of the menu is nachos, burgers, sandwiches, soups, wings and other assorted deep fried stuff. Even though they let me put my own dressing on my salad, and I didn't use much, The crowd sucked when I was here, but I imagine it varies wildly on any given night. The staff was super nice. I mean, the friendliest bartender I've ever met. This place has so many things going for it, but so many things against as well. For starters, it's located in a hidden useless strip mall behind a Denny's and a Peter Piper Pizza. It's also trying to be too much. It's like a local dive bar with lofty aspirations and a high self-esteem.It's totally worth going to, but I wouldn't necessarily recommend it to anyone unless they asked specifically for something exactly like this... but such a request would be unlikely. They have a long list of things going on here, so if this is close enough to your neighborhood to make it your neighborhood bar - you could do worse.
3	Duke's is a great place to grab a beer and watch a game. Weekday lunch is busy at Duke's but the salads are great and cheap. Check out the crispy buffalo chicken salad...
4	Duke's doesn't have the best food or beer in town, but the patio is dog friendly which is neat!  I have brought my Boston Terrier - BUDDY here a few times and we both like it!  The clientelle at this bar is very "old school" and mostly "older".  The nachos are really good and the CHILI CHEESE FRIES are quite good also.  They have kilt lifter on tap and a pretty good selection of other beers.   It's fun to look out onto Vista Del Camino Park at the passers by as you nibble on your food and sip your ice cold beer!!  Everytime I see Duke's I think of Fraiser's Dad from that TV show and he the name of HIS bar was also "Duke's"
4	Yah! Found another great place for lunch near the office. Had the Tuna Steak Caesar Salad and it was fantastic - huge chunk of tuna and only $8.50This place is always packed at lunch. $2.50 burgers on Monday, $6.95 prime rib on Tuesday, $6.50 Salads - 29 of them, on Wednesday. You get the picture.BOTTOM LINE: Good 'n cheap eats for Lunch. Probably a great place to watch sports too, but I go there for lunch
4	I give this place 4 stars, simply because the staff is so friendly and interactive.  I didnt catch the bartenders name (red head) but she was so nice and everyone looked to make sure that we were happy.  Watching football on a weekend day, it was very easy to make us happy.The food is not exceptional, but very good price wise, and there are plenty of games to keep people interested.  I have taken a first date there on a few times, and it has only helped never hurt.Based on fun and customer service I gotta give the 4th star.
3	Typical sports bar, in dire need of some redecorating! This place looks (and smells) like 1974, nix the HD tv's. Its an OK place to meet a pal for a beer, but no dates, or it'll be your last date with that Gal!
2	I'm not a fan. Other than one cocktail waitress the service has been RIDICULOUS.  Most of the food I have had is pretty gross, wings were ok. The only reason this place gets 2 stars is because they have free pool nights.
3	First off, I have never seen a double spread on a sports bar menu for just salads-- wow!  We got just some fried appetizers to accompany all our booze so I can't say more about the food except that it came really really fast and killed the hunger pain that had set in prior.Paula was our server and we were a really rowdy mix of people and she handled the gang  well--  attentive, fast, friendly.TVs all over the walls, a decent looking patio, pool tables, Golden Tee type arcade games and my favorite, shuffle board. Sound was at a good level, almost wished it was louder b/c our conversation was pretty offensive and I didn't want others to hear it!
3	I used to live within walking distance of this place, and it has major kudos because it is on Vista Del Camino park, which has a pretty sweet disc golf course on it!  It is on hole 12 actually!  Most people make this their hole one, and finish up here!  The other cool part is you can take your dog on the patio..at least you could when I was there. The BBQ hot Buffalo wings, which are not on the menu, but you can ask for them and they may be available, are deeeelish!  I love em.  I also love to see a place that has a two page spread of salads.  But, I do not want said salads to come out with lettuce from the green salad mix bag, YUK!  I love salads, love love love them!  But don't be fooled by the two pages of salad options, they are all served with the premix iceburg lettuce bags. YUK again!  I really love this place because it looks SUPER small from the outside, but is actually pretty big on the inside!  They have like 10-12 pool tables and they are in pretty good condition. They have 2 shuffle board, 2 electronic dart boards, and at least 4 old school dart boards with the chalk board scoring system!  I definitely recommend this place if you live in the area, the bartendar's and waitresses, or waiters, will get to know you fast,, and your experience will get better every time.  Just don't go there with hopes of having dinner.  Bar food and late night snacking types o' meals!
4	This is my spot.  Great food, I can watch my game with no problem.  I have to have sound.  They really treat you right.  Oh, and did I mention the awesome food.  Plus, they'll get you home safe with a free ride.  If anyone else asks you, tell them that Sunday football there sucks.  Only because we don't want it to get any more crowded.  We don't like waiting for our beers.
3	There's something about sports bars in Scottsdale and Phoenix that's always makes me feel like I'm getting nickeled and dimed. I found Dukes to be the best out of that group though.Dukes reminds me of a Doc & Eddies North. It doesn't feel corporatized like, say,  Gallagers.Dukes is kinda divey, feels like your large local bar and it did a good job accommodating our groups for college football games.I even saw a private area reserved for fans watching the University of North Dakota. If your bar can accommodate fans of an FCS  school, I'm impressed. TVs are spread throughout the bar, there's a pool table and games and they are consistently open Saturday mornings so you can watch your team's 9:00 am kickoff (unlike some bars).I haven't been to Dukes in a long while. I once watched a game there when a drunk football fan tried to fight me because I tried to explain to him two teams from the same conference cannot play in the Superbowl. He felt like I was showing up his football intelligence. He was there alone and I was with a group. When I told him I wouldn't go into the parking lot with him he went to the bar and stared me down   waiting for me to leave. One of the ladies I was with complained to the staff. He offered her a free drink for her inconvenience. She then explained to him that it wasn't her he wanted to fight.Okay, so the staff isn't brilliant. It's still a good place to watch football.Unfortunately I can't comment on the food because I don't remember eating any. I think Tempe and Chandler sports bars are better values when it comes to food. I'd go back to Dukes over Upper Deck, Gallagers, Half Moon, Full moon or Blue Moon.
4	I am not usually the "sports bar" type, so the first time I went to Duke's, it was because of a friend's recommendation for the food.  The daily specials are quite a steal and since we went on a Saturday, getting a decent ribeye for less than $9.00 seemed like the way to go.  We enjoyed the meal, had the patio to ourselves and it was a lovely day.  When we cashed out, the server gave us a birthday postcard to fill out, so we did.  Last week, my fiance received his, so we decided on going Saturday so he could have the ribeye.  This time, we sat inside because it was a bit cool outside.  A bit loud and way too much basketball, but hey it's a sports bar, right?  Again, the food was good, especially considering their really low prices.  My guys vodka tonic wasn't up to par, but all in all, we enjoyed the experience and will go again next month for my free birthday meal.
5	Pool tables. Shuffleboards. College Football games galore. And of course, plentiful pours of the Malibu Rum :) a great spot for fun times!!! And did I mention Sundays they have free pool from 7pm to close?? Wow!!! Plus Duke is from Montana. Double the star rating!!!Bonus points for their car service when you get a bit tipsy :)
4	I come here every time I visit Scottsdale.  It is in my old neighborhood so it's a nice place to reminisce.  They have an outdoor patio that overlooks Eldorado Park.  They have pool tables.  The service is always pretty good and the food is yummy.  Good prices, good times:)
4	Well Condor and The Duke go way back, but Sunday was the first time I went for "Brunch".  After vigorously exercising along the Scottsdale greenbelt with Scraps, the Wonder Dog ("SWD"), for over 10 minutes, we ascended to the patio at Dukes. While I recovered from the workout, Angie, the pet friendly waitress, attended to SWD with ice cold agua fria. The Breakfast Burrito with chorizo was the next undertaking and it was muy bueno. Although no sports were on that early (well the Indy 500 was on, but that is just driving and I can do that locally), the Patio at Dukes was the perfect place for an early morning for a Man and his  Dog.
5	I'm not even a big fan of sports and this is easily my favorite bar. The prices are really cheap for a bar and the food is good considering it's just bar food. They have daily specials including a day where you can get a two dollar hamburger with fries. This means its a real hamburger, not a tiny little thing. My mom and I can share it. Pool, Shuffleboard and Darts are available as well as other games. Electronic cards and racing. The service is always amazing even if theyre very busy. I've never had a bad waitress here. The best part is that they have a giant private room and guess how much it is to rent it out? It's completely free. You just have to book it in advance. They could have easily charged a lot for that private room since it includes its own shuffleboard and pool table. Also they have a FREE designated driver who will take you home. All they ask is that you tip them. There's no reason to ever go anywhere else.
3	We go here after softball games on Thursday night. The drinks are cheap, the food is great, and the service is outstanding. The biggest draw to this place is the bar itself. It has lots of pool tables and dart boards, two huge patios that overlook the green belt and lots of TVs. My only complaint is the Karaoke they do on Thursday. It is horrible and ruins the whole vibe there. Oh, and they have the no DUI car that will drive you home for free...but don't forget to tip.
4	Duke's is the top place in Scottsdale that my friends and I like to hit up to watch a game, or just grab a drink and bite to eat. The place is huge, the food is priced well for a bar, and there's almost always a decent beer special.In addition to several TVs placed around the bar, there's plenty of pool tables, dart tables, and shuffleboards to keep everyone entertained. The menu is big for a bar. The odd, also very good, part about that menu is the salad selection. Duke's has two pages of its menu dedicated to salads. While not something you'd expect from a sports bar, it's nice to know that there still is a healthy selection I can choose from while watching a game.Another cool feature is Duke's "No DUI Car."  It'll take you to your next destination.  How can you not like that?!
3	Hidden in a random strip mall, there's a good chance plenty of people pass Dukes without realizing that they are missing out. Now, this is a dive bar so like all other dive bars, you have to take it for what it is. The floors could be shinier, the bathrooms could be cleaner, but then it wouldn't be an authentic dive bar would it?Duke's is a solid choice when looking for a place to play some bar games, watch sports and enjoy some drinks. It's spacious and great for large groups. You name the game, they've got it: several pool tables, darts, shuffle board, Foosball, etc. TVs line the walls with your favorite sport teams playing. With the reasonably priced drinks, this is a good place to pregame before a sporting event or set up shop and watch it on TV. I've hosted a party at Dukes and it's a perfect location because of the size, TVs, games and most importantly, because they don't charge to rent out the party room. So, you can have up to 100 people in a party room without any fees! And, for a girl on a budget trying to throw a low key party, this was a perfect choice. So I suggest Dukes if you are looking for a dive bar night on the town and you don't want to just sit around when you get there.
4	My boyfriend plays softball games down the street from Dukes, and we have made it a new tradition to come here after every game. Win or Lose. It's fun and convenient for his teammates and the fans to have a beer or some food after the games which in the summer league made us all very thirsty! You would probably never see Duke's from the street or think there could be anything worth while in this strip mall but Duke's is a buried treasure. It's a dive bar so don't get your hopes up to high, but they have great drink specials and very friendly and fast staff. Fall league is starting at the end of September on Tuesdays so Duke's is where I'll be Tuesday nights after the games!
4	Today was my first visit to Dukes.  The location isn't idle, kind of off the beaten path, but upside... easy parking.  The atmosphere is great... exactly what you want out of a sports bar.  Lots of seating, lots of tv's, lots of pool tables... easy to get a beer.  I would recommend it for anyone looking to watch a game or have a beer at a chill spot.
4	I've ridden my bike here with friends and lunched on the non-smoking patio a few times. I always order the Reuben and have never been disappointed. The service is good and the waitresses are friendly.I just learned that both patios are dog friendly, as long as the dogs are leashed.  I'll add Duke's to my list of Dog Friendly establishments. Peekaboo is going to be happy to hear that.
4	The menu of salads is expansive!! And on Wednesday nights they have a special on the salads for I believe around $6.50. They also have sandwiches, drinks and an outdoor patio. I was really impressed with the salad I had.. I know salads are hard to get wrong but it was a big heaping portion of greens with yummo fried chicken atop and a bonus that I happened to go on a Wednesday night for the special. (: I know this place is popular, they stay open until about 12A every night and serve food very late. Millions of TV's, seating and a chill atmosphere.I haven't had a drink there but am definitely thinking about it next time before I hit up Old Town Scottsdale since I live nearby.
4	Saw the last SuperBowl here.Food is great! Had the chili cheese fries, Duke's style. Stacked mountain high for low price.Good choice of beers on tap and bottle.Plenty of monitors to watch games.Definitely recommend Duke's.
4	They make an awesome prime rib steak salad for 8.75, I love there tuesday special, prime rib steak with fries and salad for like 7 dollar, but you have to order a drink to get the special, so i order a bottle water, still a great deal. The steak is very tender and Duke's only use the best meat, plus they only use non transfat oil to cook all there food. Duke's kind of health councious on how they cook things. But eating a burger is still bad for you, but at less they are trying to keep it more natural.
3	this place pretty much fits the bill for what you expect.  beers.  lots of pitchers.  they even have some device that i haven't seen before to actually keep your pitcher cool while you're drinking away.  club sandwiches, burgers, fries and lots of televisions with just about every possible sporting event showing within your view.  i wouldn't say it's incredibly impressive or the clientele is going to make your jaw drop so you don't necessarily need to drive all over town to get here. but if you're in the neighborhood and need to quench your thirst with a basic selection of beers and kill that pang of hunger with serviceable food while watching the game on solid, average-sized screens then this place will suffice.  this place values consistency over being stellar and i guess there's nothing wrong with that.
3	We stopped in at this bar on a Friday afternoon after realizing that the gluten free bakery in the same shopping center had closed it's kitchen. We were seated outside on the side patio. We enjoyed our view of groups playing Frisbee golf and people out enjoying the beautiful day. The food was pretty mediocre. We started with the fried zucchini appetizer. I ordered the veggie burger sans bun with fries for my entree and my sigo had the Philly Cheese steak sandwich with Au Jus. My "burger" came with a measly piece of lettuce so I asked for extra which I don't believe we were charged for. The food we had was just OK.
2	The menu is a vegetarian's nightmare. You are pretty much stuck with either nachos (does not include beans) or a veggie burger (obvious microwaved boca burger). They do have shuffle board, but you have to pay, and its timed, so make sure you pee prior to dropping in your quarters because you got maybe 15 minutes to bust that game out or your screwed.
3	Good service.  Food is ok, but a little expensive.  Lots of tvs.  Friendly atmosphere with all ages present.  Pretty loud.  Got the chili - it is good but they put way too much cheese in it.  They should make the cheese an option.  Got a salad as a wrap.  It is ok, but the raw carrots in it add hard cruncy bits you hae to deal with.  Finally, the Guiness tasted strange.
4	Go here if you:Like to watch sportsDon't like to wear anything fancier than a brand new T-ShirtJust want to chill outHate to danceLike poolLike beerDon't go here if you:Take 2 hours to get ready to go outDrink fine wine when you go outCan't decide whether PCL or Dirty Pretty is your favorite barExpect a DJDon't like an age diverse crowdThis is an awesome spot to grab a beer and watch the game.  The place is generally full of people that are similar in tastes.  I am not sure if I would classify this one as a dive bar, but it does have somewhat of that feeling.  It is also a lot bigger than it looks from the street.  If you like sports bars and are nearby, it is a must to try it.
4	In walking distance and pet friendly! It sure beats the hell out of pranksters scene and service. The servers are always so friendly and give your puppies treats and water. The food is okay. But for drinking a pitcher on the patio and relaxing mixed with the small amount of exercise you get from the short walk it is definitely becoming a bar that I am a frequent customer at!
3	Oh what's to say about Duke's that hasn't already been said. I've had some really great times here over the years AND there've been some times that I wish my friends would just let me forget already.Karaoke, build your own bloody mary, $6 pitchers and rock -n- roll nachos are all part of why I never mind coming here.One word of caution, though, if you're drinking said $6 pitchers, it's probably flat beer and not too fresh. Often times, you can see a server dipping a straw into the pitcher and briskly giving the beer a stir, causing it to "head" up a bit before bringing it to your table. But it's piss beer anyway, so you pretty much get what you pay for.My favorite times coming here are during games in which hometown teams are doing well and the owner gives away free shots. Also, the patio is nice during the winter.Oh yeah, free car ride home if you're too hammered to drive. So please tip the driver!Cheers!
3	Hit or miss.  Last time we went on a Sunday - the waitress (not a server there is a difference) said she couldn't take or put in a lunch order.  We waited over 45 minutes (taking our chances).  When she finally came back 10 minutes after noon, she asked if we were ready to order.  Our food came and it was wrong and uncooked.  My kid was going bazerk and there was a pile of glassware and other plateware that she insisted on leaving each time she left the table.  Horrible.  On another note, I have gone there in the past and the servers have taken extra great care of us... tough to find but the last gal couldn't have cared less about taking care of her guests...
3	Duke's is my place to grab some lunch when I want to get away from the same old grind of a sandwich. The food is okay and has always been fresh when I have eaten here with co-workers. The hot wings, burgers, sandwiches, and salads are all pretty good!  It is a sports bar so if you are wanting to do an intimate lunch or want to speak without having to raise your voice a bit. This would not be the place for you. If you are a sports junkie than this is the perfect place for you to come and relax and watch various sports on there 15+ televisions and have a cold beer.
3	Went for lunch at 11:40 am.  Saturday, today.  The menu items were off limits, but could have breakfast and all the appetizers, until 12 noon.  Really?Sales prevention team.
4	Last visit was a vast improvement... It is always based on the level of service.  It was really cool to see a bunch of military recruits there- always a plus.  The guy at the table next to us snagged their bill before we could - an indication of the caliber of people that frequent the place.  The server will make or break your experience - the food is good, the atmosphere is great for family, friends and/or a great night out however the experience is contingent on the service...  the park behind the place is a great view too.
1	So, I had a $10 "Welcome to the Neighborhood" gift card that I received, granted 7 years ago, but never used.  I kept it because it had no expiration date.  I decided to go there today for the 1st time to watch some football, drink some beers and nosh.  When my tab came, I gave the waitress my gift card.  The owner came to my table and said verbatim, "Come on folks, we sent this out 4/5 years ago.  We don't accept these anymore" and tore up my gift card/coupon in front of me and my friends.  Last time I ever go back there.
4	I only had a couple of beers here so I can't judge the food, but the atmosphere is great. It's much larger inside than it appears from the parking lot. The staff is very helpful and courteous and they had tons of TV's. It was a great place to watch sports and I would definitely go back.
4	Awesome place for sports watching! Better than any other place, besides being at the game live. They have tons of TVs, no way I could count them all. Around 50 or so if I had to guess. If you post yourself up at the bar you have at least 8 right in front of you, perfect for watching multiple games at a time. Now if you only had more eyes to spread around then you would be set. Their food menu is huge too, something for everyone. Great appetizers/finger food, awesome sandwiched and 30 different salad for the healthy minded. The Reuben and Ahi tuna salad are a few of my faves. The bar backs up to the golf course so you have a great view while sitting on the back patio. Like I said there is something to entice anyone. Word of advise: if you are a Cowboys fan, DO NOT go here! You have been warned.
4	Great sports bar, tons of TVs with all sorts of sports.  Food is pretty good for a bar.  I ordered a grilled salmon salad and the salmon was prepared very well, it was not over cooked as most non-seafood specific places tend to do.  Server, Meghan, was very nice & kept my drink full.  Free wi-fi is always a plus.
3	Finally a place to watch local sports with sound.  I always find it unbelievable that many sports bars here in town look past our local teams and support the foreign hoards from Wisconsin, Minnesota, NY, Illinois etc..  Not at Dukes...local first.Please return to your frozen tundras and leave us with the Suns, Cardinals, Devils and Coyotes.The food here is nice bar/pub fare and is always fresh and hot.  Drinks are plentiful and service respectable.  Would like to see a little more variety on the taps but other than that Dukes is a great place to catch a game.
2	Dukes more like Pukes. Positives-AVG food and Descent serviceNegatives-This place is dirty the chairs were dirty and the glasses and cups were old and dingy. My friend was given and Ice holder that keeps the beer in the pitcher cold and it was broken and looked old and NASTY.Also a weird crowd with very little scenery, if ya know what I mean. Won't be back!
4	Not a bad spot.  They have a pretty decent selection of beers on tap, for reasonable prices.  Plenty of TV's.  They have two rooms of pool tables, with more tables than the majority of bars in Phoenix.  Most importantly, they have all of the sports channels.  As a Boston fan, this is the only place that I've found that has NESN.  They are very willing to put on a dedicated TV for you if you ask...not always with sound, but it's better than nothing!  Plus, there usually aren't too many college douche-bags there, so it's generally a chill atmosphere.  Also, their back patio is awesome, as it looks out onto the greenbelt, rather than a parking lot like most places in the valley.
1	Nm
3	This spot was conveniently located right by the hotel I was staying at for work. I decided to go there since it was past 10pm and most places near by were closed already. All of the bartenders were very nice and struck conversation. There's a ton of TV's. Which is great for a day of watching all your sporting events. They even had a complimentary taxi service to avoid drunk driving and DUI's. I thought that was cool. I ordered the Cajun Salmon Salad. It was extremely boring! The food I'd give 2 stars. The 3rd star is because I was happy with the Customer Service.
4	I come out to Scottsdale every year in March for one weekend, to do two things: to watch spring training baseball and watch the opening rounds of NCAA March Madness all day at Dukes.  And it's heaven.  The service at Dukes is friendly and attentive, they have good bar food, and a bloody mary station to get you going in the mornings.  They have more tvs set up than you could possibly ever need, with multiple rooms that cut you off from the main bar area so you or a group can watch your own game on a big screen with volume.  It's a real sports bar that knows how to run it's tvs and put the best games on.  They have multiple pool tables, buck hunter and shuffle board.
1	Arrived at 11:30 on a Wednesday and ordered promptly.  It took 30 minutes for a salad and a french dip (and they weren't very busy).  The fries were cold.  The sandwich was cool.  The au jus was hot enough to burn my lip, thereby rendering the whole thing inedible until it cooled.  The ranch was so runny it was like water.  And, to top it off, got a touch of food poisoning.  Won't ever go back!
2	Until tonight, this was my favorite local sports bar to go to. The service has always been great, the food very good, the location (for me) is good, they have a ton of TV's, and they even have an outdoor area and allow dogs. But management can make really bad decisions that will result in losing customers for good.Tonight was a "big game", according to the fans who packed the place. Phoenix, their HOME TEAM, mind you, is in the NHL conference playoff series. And the game is on virtually every TV and the volume is up. An environment to be expected in a "sports bar".Halfway through the game, they started playing bingo. BINGO! Calling out numbers on the microphone over the game! People (including my party of 5, and we hadn't ordered dinner yet) started paying their tabs and leaving.I was appalled that a "sports bar" whose HOME PRO TEAM IS IN THE PLAYOFFS AND HAS A PACKED HOUSE, think it's okay to suddenly let BINGO override the game. Let me interject here and say that I USED TO BE A MANAGER OF A SPORTS BAR IN LAS VEGAS. THE OWNER WOULD HAVE FIRED ME (or the patrons would have raised hell) FOR ALLOWING BINGO TO INTERRUPT AND DOMINATE A PRO PLAYOFF GAME...ESPECIALLY IF OUR HOME TEAM IS IN IT! So after leaving I called and asked for the general manager. His name was Michael. I asked him.......WHY?????  His answer: "We have bingo every Thursday so that's what I went with." ...CLICK. That's right, he hung up on me.Michael, you are LUCKY that as PISSED as I was, that I'm giving you TWO stars. It's because out of fairness, the food, service, and ambience are great. YOU, as a manager, deserve negative 10 stars... for choosing bingo over hockey playoffs, and for hanging up on a guest whose party was ready to spend close to $200. Get a clue, dude.
1	Until tonight, this was my favorite local sports bar to go to. The service has always been great, the food very good, the location (for me) is good, they have a ton of TV's, and they even have an outdoor area and allow dogs. But management can make really bad decisions that will result in losing customers for good.Tonight was a "big game", according to the fans who packed the place. Phoenix, their HOME TEAM, mind you, is in the NHL conference playoff series. And the game is on virtually every TV and the volume is up. An environment to be expected in a "sports bar".Halfway through the game, they started playing bingo. BINGO! Calling out numbers on the microphone over the game! People (including my party of 5, and we hadn't ordered dinner yet) started paying their tabs and leaving.I was appalled that a "sports bar" whose HOME PRO TEAM IS IN THE PLAYOFFS AND HAS A PACKED HOUSE, think it's okay to suddenly let BINGO override the game. Let me interject here and say that I USED TO BE A MANAGER OF A SPORTS BAR IN LAS VEGAS. THE OWNER WOULD HAVE FIRED ME (or the patrons would have raised hell) FOR ALLOWING BINGO TO INTERRUPT AND DOMINATE A PRO PLAYOFF GAME...ESPECIALLY IF OUR HOME TEAM IS IN IT! So after leaving I called and asked for the general manager. His name was Michael. I asked him.......WHY?????  His answer: "We have bingo every Thursday so that's what I went with." ...CLICK. That's right, he hung up on me.Michael, you are LUCKY that as PISSED as I was, that I'm giving you TWO stars. It's because out of fairness, the food, service, and ambience are great. YOU, as a manager, deserve negative 10 stars... for choosing bingo over hockey playoffs, and for hanging up on a guest whose party was ready to spend close to $200. Get a clue, dude.UPDATE:First of all let me state that I can't help it that I'm a Los Angeles native who recently got transferred to Scottsdale for work. I'm still a fan of my own team, not Phoenix. Having said that, last night the LA Kings battled the Phoenix Coyotes. I gave Dukes another chance, since I knew they wouldn't have bingo.Turns out I'm pretty much the only Kings fan there. Understandable. But when the Kings won the game which ultimately sent us to the Stanley Cup, needless to say I was happy and I cheered. (Alone.) What happened next blew my mind.The owner told me to leave.Now, there's a sign above the door that says "Voted #1 Sports Bar In Scottsdale". I'm just wondering, is that only if you're rooting for a certain team? Isn't this America? Am I not allowed to cheer for whoever I want? Isn't that DISCRIMINATION?I'm not exaggerating or embellishing anything. He was pissed and ordered me to "get out, now". At least he picked up my tab.Hey Al, just so you know: you didn't ruin my night one bit. Now I can officially say that I will never go back to Puke's. I changed it to  a one star rating because there's no zero star rating. What assholes.
1	Zipps or Twin Peaks ... Much better sports bars. Way cuter staff, way better food, and much friendlier guests.Got asked to leave because I'm a fan of a team other than Arizona!Owner (Al) and bar manager (Mike) are useless jerks. Totally rude and unaccommodating if you're a fan of anyone besides Arizona.Oh, and sports fans beware: they do BINGO on Thursday nights. God forbid you want to watch a game that night without hearing "Beeee... Eighteen.... Beeeee... Eighteen...."
1	I've been going to Duke's for a long time. The service is decent and the food is average. But recently something made me decide never to go again.A few weeks ago, I was sitting at the bar and I noticed that there was one girl there who is an LA Kings fan. It was the night that the Kings eliminated the Coyotes from the playoffs. She was (needless to say) excited. She didn't appear drunk, nor was she obnoxious nor taunting the many Coyotes fans. However, I witnessed the owner demand her to leave. I felt this was unfair, as it seemed the only reason he had was simply because she was cheering for the opposing team.I've been to Dukes when the Lakers were the star attraction, so you can't tell me that this is an "Arizona" bar. She was treated unfairly. Period.Because of this fact,I will not be back. There are far too many other sports bars (with better food, better service, and may I say better hospitality).
1	I feel like such an idiot - we tried this place when we first moved here, walked in, then walked right out.7 months later, we say "hey, let's try this place Dukes ! Never been there "I groaned to my self when we walked in "you IDIOT". This place still sucks. OK , we wanted to see game 3 of the Heat-Thunder finals, and guess what the audio was in the bar ? A frikking GOLF tournament ! Can you say LAME ? So we walked in and politely asked these 2 scummy 20-somethings if someone was sitting on the table between them and the big screen showing the bball game (which also overlooked the temporary kiddie play area with about 8  6 year olds having a birthday party - egad) One of them said "yea, they're free, if you don't block my view". I glared at him with my best  "as if..." look (he was puny). So we sat down, I looked at the kids, then my wife, and we both said 'let's go back to Majerles", so we left. I just don't like the layout of the place, it's got awkward and uncomfortable seating, and the absolutely worst thing about this dump ? Kids-in-the-bar. Yes, there are kids in the big section off to the right.  I don't go to a bar that allows kids (Zipps in N. Scottsdale does and they're off my list, too)Anyway, there are TONS of better bars around town and I dunno, the place just gives me the hibbidy-jibbidys for some reason...
1	Rude waitresses. Bad service. Microwave tasting food. Seems like it would be fun if the food didn't taste like garbage and the help was pleseant. It smelIs bad inside, kind of like vomit. I love dive bars but this place has taken it too far. I will never ever go to this place again and I would not send my worst enemy there. May God have mercy on Duke's soul.
4	We go here regularly - it's a good sports bar with decent grub.  Lots of pool tables and other activities you would find in a sports bar - but with a staff that sets it over the top.  I can't rave about the food but I can tell you it's consistently good, but not great.  They do have a great variety of salad options (and wraps) that is fairly unique for a sports bar setting.  The location over the park is excellent, great for locals to ride bikes or walk to.
4	I have my favorite servers. Great service, love my Tuna Steak Cesaer salads! Thanks for caring: Jesse, Jenifer, Shawn, Megan, Monica, and cooks Jesse and Jason who do the best job of cooking the Tuna Steaks. To make it perfect, make the Tea stronger and the Ranch dressing thicker.
1	This place could be great if not for the owner!  While having a conversation with the manager about a very small issue (and we where having a pleasant conversation) this old man walked up and stood behind the manager.  I asked the manager, "who is this gentleman?"  Turned out to be the owner who proclaimed, "I OWN THE F*****G PLACE, THAT"S WHO I AM....WHAT IS YOUR PROBLEM!?!?!"  I asked the manager if I'd said something wrong and he stood quiet.  It was clear he deals with this a lot.  Maybe it's because his boss sits at the bar and drinks and then tries to interject when he clearly shouldn't.  The story goes on from here, but I digress.  My friends and I paid out tab for one pitcher of beer (so we where there less than 20 min) and took our business elsewhere.  After spending $286.00 at the other location it has become our new hangout.  There is another post here about the owner kicking out a Kings fan....I find that story COMPLETELY believable after what we had happen.  I wouldn't spend ten cents in this place all because of the owner!
3	Totally sufficient for a few rounds of pool or darts while keeping an eye on the 67 tv screens they have mounted on the walls.Just stick to the cheap pitchers of domestic beer. I ordered a rum and coke and it tasted like cleaning products. I would come back, but only if I didn't feel like driving all the way to Lucky Break in Tempe.
1	From my door, it's a five minute stroll through the greenbelt to Dukes. They have a nice patio. They have enough TVs to show all MLB/NFL/NBA games. They have plenty of shuffleboard and pool tables. Yet, I've only been to Duke's a few times and I am not going back. This place is just bad.Mixed drinks use cheap mixers (such as bottled sour mix for margaritas). They offer a pretty basic beer selection at a rather high price point. I think PBR pitchers might be more modestly priced, but that might be only when they're on special.The food is pretty bad, even for bar food. And pricey. Sure, the menu is gigantic and I've tried many different items, but I didn't find anything good. Everything seems to be made from freezer-to-fryer or packaged products. I'm not exaggerating: the burger and fries for about $8 is a thin, previously frozen patty with a handful or supermarket fries. I could go on about salads, sandwiches, and ribs. In the same price range, you can get a much better version of anything on the menu at Four Peaks or Zipps or even Devil's Advocate.One of the owners was there on a few occasions. I guess being the boss of (and drinking in) his own bar is some sort of dream of his. He treats the place like his kingdom. He'll ask patrons "how is everything?" and get mad at them if they have anything negative to say. I feel bad for the rest of the service staff; they seem to be above average, but when the overall situation is this bad it just doesn't matter.In this city, sports bars are a dime a dozen. I'd rather go elsewhere.
1	Such high hopes I had for Dukes.  Opening night of the NFL...exitement is high, the place is packed.  We're eating, drinking, watching the game, the crowd is into it, when mid way thru the 3rd quarter, a microphone comes on interferring with the NFL broadcast, announcing its time for TRIVIA!!!!   WTF!!!!  Its opening night of the NFL and you're holding a trivia night!!!!!  Unf***king believable!!  This is a "SPORTS BAR"?????  I mean...what can I say!!!  I'm so tired of "sports bars" playing karaoke, holding trivia night or playing music while the SPORTS are on.  We immediately closed our tab and left.  The most pathetic part was that the waitress advised if we moved to the back where the pool tables were, we would not be able to hear the trivia!  How 'bout you move the trivia back there and let the NFL fans watch the damn game!!!  Very, very sad.  Sports bar??? HA!!  What a joke!  BTW, my wife ordered the "full" order of ribs, expecting a full rack, but recieved what would be considered a "half rack" anywhere else.  On top of that, she said they were the worst ribs she ever had.  Just sayin'.
4	Holy Moley Duke's - What a crowd for the first Sunday of the NFL Season. I know you open at 9:30 and by 10:00 there was barely a seat in the place. Loved the way you set up the rooms with various games on the larger screens and that Bloody Mary Bar was perfect. This place was hopping and the service couldn't have been better. We had breakfast steak and eggs. The rib-eye was fantastic and the eggs were cooked as ordered. The potatoes were pretty sad though - sorry Duke's. They tasted like they had been sitting in a pot for quite some time. Drinks were cold and like I said, the set-up was really good. They even covered the pool tables to make extra seating for fans. I'd come back here for sporting events but I would get here MUCH MUCH earlier!!
3	I'm slowly becoming a Thursday night regular here. Although I am not 80 years old, I do thoroughly enjoy Bingo night. It gets me to focus, it makes me EXTREMELY competitive (like seriously, I will bust the table over if you sit next to me and win) and well, I love the chance at winning cold hard cash (read: $5).But Bingo aside, Duke's isn't a bad place to roll into. They have a pimpin' ride right outside the bar that will take you home (fo' free) if you get too drunk and cannot drive yourself home. This is becoming quite the trend for sports bars in the valley and although I don't know how often they get used, I still thoroughly applaud and support this trend to prevent drunk drivers out there.Alright that's enough of my sob stories. Lets talk about the food. Thursday night has rack-of-rib special for $8 which is a great deal. If you are a healthy eater like me, the menu has like 20 salad options. HOWEVER, note that the salad options kinda go like this "caesar salad, chicken caesar salad, prime rib caesar salad, salmon caesar salad, cobb salad, chicken cobb salad, prime rib cobb salad, ....". So, they're not particularly delicious, but if you get prime rib on a salad for the same price as just the salad (sans the prime rib), I would call that a decent deal.For the sports lovers, let me just say that this is as sporty of a sports bar as it gets. There are TVs everywhere and you will hear the bell chime every time there is a TD. My favorite is the giant screen TV in the tiny tiny women's bathroom: so, if you are alone there and are ballsy enough to pee with the stall door open, you can watch your favorite team while making more room for your beer. Creepy? A little. Cool? Very. A solid 3 stars for effort and a decent atmosphere. An imaginary +1 for the hot Michigan fans there. Not that i'm partial to them or anything... :)
2	So, I called to place a To-Go order and the staff member that answered said they were to busy to take the order....  Remind me to not call them in the future and to spend my money somewhere else.  Ridiculous.
4	Great spot for sports!
4	Location always plays a role in how a place is perceived, but I think that's particularly true for Dukes. This is about the closest bar to my parents house in south Scottsdale, so I've started coming here more and more when I come to visit. It's located in a random strip mall in a fairly residential area so it's not a place that people are gonna necessarily seek out. That being said, I think if Dukes were located someplace differently (even if it were still in a strip mall) it might be thought of a LITTLE more highly.I mean, it's big. There's a TON of TV's (they even have them in the bathrooms). The drinks are cheap (especially the happy hour specials, which I believe actually run pretty late). The have pool tables, darts, and I think even a few arcade games. There's a patio. In my experiences, it's clean for the most part. They have a LARGE food menu. To be honest, I've only tasted things here and there when others have ordered stuff, and although it's not great, it's not bad, and like the drinks the food is affordable (I believe they offer a different deal each day). They also offer some sort free car service for those who can't drive home (I believe within 5 miles). The friend I usually come here with lives within walking distance, but we've taken advantage of it before. And like I said, the strip mall where's Dukes is located is in a highly residential area so I'm sure there's a lot of people who can take advantage of this service.The only complaint I have about Dukes is I have encountered more than one bitchy/slow server. I've never been here when it's that crowded though, so it's generally not been a big deal (might be a different story when this place is packed).
4	Dukes is hands down my favorite dive bar in Scottsdale. I have had some major life events take place at Dukes, including a boyfriend dropping the "L bomb" for the first time. How romantic, right?! Anyway, I always have a good time at Dukes. They have about a million TVs, pool tables, shuffleboard, darts, Buck Hunter etc... Definitely a little something for everyone! I find their drinks very reasonably priced - it seems like they always have specials on beers and shots. The food is pretty decent for bar food. I'm a big fan of the buffalo style wings, they're nice and big and juicy. Nom nom nom! Dukes also provides a free cab service if you happen to indulge in too many spirits. Don't drink and drive, y'all!My only complaint is that once or twice I've caught some attitude from a bartender, but that's probably a fluke and service is usually fine for a dive bar.
2	The beer was not cheap, and the food was horrible. I'm pretty sure it was frozen food they heated up in the microwave and sold to me for like 12 bucks. What a scam!The only reason I don't give it 1 star is this would be a fun place to go to hang out and watch a game or play pool, but don't expect it too be cheap. I think you could get cheaper prices on Mill or Old Town.
4	A good dive bar in Scottsdale if you want to stay away from the main downtown area. Tons of Tv's which are viewable from nearly any angle you sit in the restaurant including a large TV with the main game on. Even though it was packed when we were there, staff was still friendly and fairly attentive given the crowd. Food was actually good and the beer was about average price of any place else in town. I will most likely be back to this bar for more games in the future.
5	For a sports bar this one is one of the most underrated but most awesome places in Scottsdale.  Big game days can make it get packed so arrive early if you want a seat.  There are plenty of TVs through the bar so being able to see a game is always possible.  They have the main bar area, a dining area, 2 large group rooms which can be reserved for parties and work functions.  There are areas for pool, darts, and other fun games. They offer karaoke nights and team trivia nights.  They also have ample patio seating with both a smoking and nonsmoking sides. The patio overlooks part of the green belt and the Shelby disc golf course.  Dogs are welcome on the patio too. The food isn't fine dinning quality but it is one of the best bar foods I've had (and I grew up touring sports bar with my pops so I have tried many)  They have a fabulous burger called the egg McDuke in once a fried egg is topping off your burger.  Probably my favorite dish.  Most of their appetizers and salads are phenomenal. I am never disappointed by their drinks. The beer specials are always great tasting. Their shots are ridiculous in size and always potent.  The best feature about Dukes is their no DUI service.  This is a free cadillac chauffeured ride home so that you don't have to drive drunk. More places should offer such a service.
3	Trivia nights on Wed. and Friday here can get packed, and for good reason. It is run better than other trivia nights at other sports bars - meaning it starts on time, is organized, and you can hear the questions clearly.The reason I didn't give this place four stars is because we came here for karaoke on Saturday night and it was pretty dead. Also because karaoke was supposed to start at 9, but because there was a basketball game on that went in 6 overtimes, it didn't actually start until 10:30. and there were only 3 tables of people there to sing.if you are hungry, their buffalo wings are a great deal. you get like a pound of wings (which is a LOT, I would say more than a dozen wings) for $8.another plus, they allow dogs on the patio!
5	This place is awesome. Our hotel shuttle driver recommended it to us as a midpoint from our hotel to the Scottsdale Stadium (shuttle can only drive a 5 mile radius and the stadium was outside the radius, but save us money for a taxi he could drop us off here, and there is a free shuttle that takes you from Duke's to the stadium).Pros:(+) $4 mimosas. What a deal!(+) Awesome atmosphere (cool laid back sports bar)(+) A plethora of TVs so you can watch whatever game, wherever in the bar(+) Bartender was friendly (+) Games as well - shuffleboard and billiards from what I saw, there may be more but I don't know(+) Looked like a sufficient food menu(+) Tons of seatingCons:None! Seemed like an awesome place. We were only there for about twenty minutes and it was the middle of the day, but I would definitely go back!
3	typical bar food,  not fantastic but edible.  probably frozen then cooked at order.  great patio overlooking green belt.  Ashley and I stopped there on bike ride to lake by ASU.  Played frisbee  in green belt below patio after brunch.  cool place to stop. lots of televisions inside but did not go inside.
2	It is just down the street from me but as far as food goes it is just okay...The reason the rating is so low is due to the fact that we were there to watch the Finally Four and during the same time they decided to also make it trivia night?!? It seemed that everytime one of the teams would make a break they would also be yelling out another question, totally a distraction. Not a good move for a SPORTS bar.
4	giving this place 4 stars this time because we came back for karaoke and it actually started ON TIME and there were more people there to sing! service was good, drinks were good, not much else to say.
2	I will try to be constructive with my critique of this place.   The food was average.   I did not care for the zucchini.  The Philly Cheese Steak did not have much flavor.  Everything tasted like frozen microwave food.   Furthremore, the service was not very good.   Our server was very forgetful and non-attentive to us.   I have no reason to ever come to this place again.   I will not provide a recommendation for this place.
5	I love this place! It's right down the street from our house, & we come here almost every weekend. It might not be the nicest looking place, but the food is awesome & the waitstaff is great. Their prices are also great, & I love that they have pool tables. Yes, the interior could use some updating, but I think the datedness adds to the charm.  If you're looking to uppity snooty Scottsdale, this isn't the place for you... But if you're looking for laid back people, good food, & good prices, this is the place.
4	My girlfriend and I stopped in here on our way home from an event in Scottsdale. I wanted to try this place for awhile. I listen to Sports talk radio and I always hear the commercials for this place.It was a Thursday night and the place had a decent crowd, TVs for days, pool tables and arcade games.The beer was cold, the servers were nice, and the prices were not bad at all. We will be trying this place out during football season, I counted 37 TVs just from the bar, I can only imagine this place on a Sunday.Also, we noticed they have in-house drivers to take you home if you get wasted. More bars should follow this idea, we will use it for sure in the future.
3	More of a drinking bar than an eating bar. Bunch of regular old guys at the bar arguing about nothing in particular and a couple of friendly guy bartenders serving drinks. The TV situation is almost epic, so any sporting event will be easy to watch. A few drink specials each night, but Bud Light bottles are just $3.50 anyway if your in that mood. The food though has it's issues as I wanted to try something, but couldn't pull the trigger. It was prime rib night, but their prime rib arrives pre-cooked, and they heat it up on the grill. Not good. Frozen fries and all cole slaw and side dishes not homemade. Plus their are 30 salads at 11 bucks each on a Sports bar menu? Strange. Still, the bar is pretty big and the views of the TV's are great almost anywhere. Drinking only recommended.
5	I love Duke's! One of the best neighborhood bars I've ever been too. Great bar food and good wait staff keeps me coming back. In addition to the karaoke and bingo on Thursdays!
5	Greatest sports bar in PHX and maybe the world.  COWBOYS SUCK is written above the bar.  TVs everywhere, tolerable food, and a great make it yourself Bloody Mary bar on the weekends.  Dog friendly, cool staff. Awesome park right there also.
1	The food is alright here, the service is always poor, and I can't help but feel every time I come here they try to screw me outta money. Serve me a flat pitcher of beer and refuse to replace or refund it. Bad Business in my opinion.
3	Ok. I had two five dollar gift cards and decided to try some food and a beer. I still refused to order any of their thirty salads, but I did try the $8.45 grilled buffalo chicken wrap and it was better than expected, but still three star material. The buffalo sauce had a good kick and the chicken was grilled strips - it was all stuffed into a tortilla with grilled onions and a few peppers and lettuce. They forgot my side of dressing and the fries were standard frozen, but crisp and the slaw was good, but not homemade. They serve late, so if your in need, try the wrap, you will be filled up. Couple bucks less and it might have been a value deal.
5	It's up and it's good!  The best sports bar in town.  Friendly service, fairly priced food, excellent game day atmosphere.
5	They have an all new menu, totally fresh! No more freezer food, and they have Orange Shandy on tap! I'm in heaven!!!
2	Although we've been here many times in the past (and enjoyed the experience), I was very disappointed to see the menu recently has been streamlined.  The server told us that someone new is now running the kitchen, and has simplified the menu to focus on quality.  Not impressed.  The hamburger that I order came on a kaiser roll that tasted as though it had been pulled out of a bag of rolls.  The "pound" of wings that my son ordered cost us $11...can find less expensive and better wings at BWW, Zipp's or even Barro's Pizza.  Very disappointed with these changes in food quality and pricing.  To add insult to injury, we were there today on  NFL opening weekend.  The place was packed, which added to a wait time of over 30 minutes for pretty mediocre food.
5	This is an update to my previous review, we came here yesterday for NFL Week 1 and we enjoyed ourselves very very much. Got to the bar at 9:30am, walked up to the door and they had a tv map already done outside so you know exactly where your game was being showed, we were there for Lions/Vikings and they had it on in the lounge with sound. Got in early enough to grab a seat on the couch that made our experenice that much better. Our server(s) were as prompt as they could be seeing it was very busy. The crowd was upbeat and fun and the atomsphere was great.We will be back for Weeks 3-17, since I'll be at the game next Sunday here.Go Lions!!!
4	What's not to love? Outdoor patio where my dog hung out while we watched football, great drink prices, yummy sandwiches and we really loved the wings! We are visiting from out of town and we like it so much we will be back for MNF tonight.
4	When I first moved into Scottsdale from Tempe I wanted a dive bar next to my house like I always had in Tempe.  For 3mos I didn't even know Dukes existed!  Luckily I finally found my way over into the random strip mall it's tucked into and checked it out.  So....the most important thing other than beer? Fried food.  And there's is amazing!  Fried zucchini was d'lish!  I also noticed that they had a ton of games on the other side of the bar that I didn't have a chance to check out.  I have only been once so far but I can guarantee it won't be my last !  It's about to be cruiser season and you better believe I'll be recruiting friends to ride cruisers over, eat amazing fried food, drink beers and play games!  Let's get the fall/winter kicked off right! Am I right? :)
5	I love this place! The new menu is great!! I love how doggy friendly they are :) I read all of bad reviews and i feel like those people are just pretentious! This is a sports bar environment! The servers are always friendly. I actually saw a guy get kind of rude with their server there, and they handled it very professionally (way better than I would have handled it)
5	This place has really come a long way. The menu has completely changed. Definitely a lot better :)
1	Literally, was here for 2 hours before everyone at the table got their food. Server was rude, manager was rude. The manager Marcia literally said "I can do a cart wheel and the splits". I felt mocked, I came here for awesome bar trivia with Darrell, but unfortunately I won't be back. Hopefully the manager and the serving staff gets their act together.
1	Horrible,horrible service and supremely overpriced food. $11 for 10 tiny wings? Really?
1	STAY AWAY!  Old crowd and ragging old drunkin' Owner!!Go to Papago Brewery instead. DO NOT SUPPORT BAD BUSINESSES !Review Below:Ive been to this bar a few times, every time I leave annoyed.  The bar is in a great location, and they have a dog friendly patio - last night I found out why it's so terrible.  While getting a drink my dog kindly walked over to the owner, he then began shouting at me and my dog.  He drunkenly ranted about how the dog 'looked' like it might take a poop, I asked if he hates dogs so much and looses his ability to control his voice to a paying customer, why he would even say dog are allowed.  This place finally makes sense; it's the worst bar around because the owner is an old angry drunkin' man.  I actually feel sorry for his wife, as she stood there in all of the glory that was his anger, ragging at an upstanding military veteran and paying customer, in what must be a failing bar.
3	Woah Nelly! The exterior give no indication how spectacularly large the interior is.That's probably a good thing given how packed this place is on Sundays during football season. I came here as part of a UYE Jeff E. planned (thanks el Jefe!). I was stunned when I opened the door. More like floored by the amount of people. Luckily they sent a hunting party to find me.  You need to get here early (before they open) to claim a table during NFL season. No joke! The televisions are fairly large. So no matter where you're seated you're guaranteed a sweet view.For food I ordered sliders as I wasn't up for a big plate of food. A set of (3) were only $6. They were delish!
5	Love this place .. New menu is so good .  Beer battered kiltlifter in house best idea ever .
3	I like going to dukes! I think it's a really fun environment and has good bloody Mary's which are hard to find in Phoenix. I've been there maybe 10 times and only once did we get decent service. If it's busy when you get there, expect to ask for your server, as they won't notice you for 30 minutes or more. Once, we had a group of 6, and the waitress finally came by and brought us fries. When we had eaten half the fries and she returned, she said "who ordered these?" We had all assumed one of us did or she brought them over as an apology for the wait. Wrong! She grabbed them and scolded us for eating another table's fries. The one time we received our food within a normal time frame and had a polite server, made a world of a difference. This won't prevent me from returning for a game and a bloody, but Id go there more if the service improved.
3	Bigger than expected sports bar. They have games like foozeball and shuffle board which is fun. The food is okay at most. We had the chicken quesadilla and nachos. We had wanted a burger but a couple that we met there told us that they were told that all their meat comes to the, pre-cooked (which makes me look at restaurants different when they write that they can only cook medium+).The service was bad, but I can't blame it on the servers. Even on a busy football Sunday, you seat yourself. The poor servers are running around and it takes forever to get anyone's attention and to get anything. Oh... And the no specials on Sunday / during football game is another negative.
4	Went to Duke's again the other night and realized I had never written them up. We go there often enough. For no other reason than there is always a space at the bar and thir wings are respectable. In my many visits (happy hour pitchers are a GREAT deal), we have tried many of the sandwiches, burgers, even fish and chips. Nothing super good or super bad. Standard bar fare. Lots of ASU students working there, lots of sports on the plethora of televisions. Can get really crazy during big games. Trivia Sat nights 8 pm. Also fun. Dog friendly patio and frisbee golf right outside. What more can you ask? Also fun is watching Duke's owner (I think his name is AL) command staff to keep the place to his standards.
2	We went here for dinner the other night.  It was busy but not packed.  One of us ordered a burger (special of the day) and the other fish and chips (a regular menu item).  It took 40 minutes to get our food.  Reason:  we are geared up for cooking burgers tonight not fish and chips.  Really!!!  So if you order something other than the special of the day, it is going to take forever to get you meal. Won't be back anytime soon......besides, their prices on regular items have gone up considerably in the past year or so......
1	The owner is (for lack of a better phrase), a business-incompetent jerk.  I will NEVER return to Duke's. There are amazing restaurant choices nearby that I highly suggest everyone support.  Bad business should not be encouraged.
5	This is what you call a real sports bar. TVs are lining the place with every sport showing on tv. There's a wide range of seating inside and on the outside patio. There's darts, pool, shuffle board, arcade games, and probably more. Friendly staff and good service. The food is your average bar food with reasonable prices. It's a great place to unwind and catch a game. Bonus... They have a giant sign above the bar that reads "Cowboys Suck".
3	Came here after flying into town on business.  The girl at the front desk of our hotel recommended this place.  There was some disc golf event going on so it was very busy.  It took about 45 minutes to get menus and waters after we had already been seated.  We ordered burgers and sandwiches and some beers.  The beers came out pretty quickly.  We waited about an hour for our food.  My French Dip was good and the burgers were good, according to my co-workers.I cannot give this place more than three stars due to the fact that grabbing a quick bite turned into a two and a half our ordeal.
3	I used to really love this place but its getting more and more expensive and the service in the tables is slacking sometimes. Good game coverage but the prices are steep.
4	Come here after kickball all the time! The food is good and the beer is grand. It's a small hole-in-the-wall but it is fun.
4	Great sports bar. You can get any game u want. Food is above average for bar food and large menu. Great activities. Trivia, karaoke, buck hunter, pool n darts...
1	No stars even though the wings are very good.   Are they worth 12$ per order of 10 ?  I don't think so.  We went in to watch a game. Just me and my two boys.  Each had a order of wings and fries.  They kept bringing us refills throughout the game (not telling us they were a 1$ each for refills.  Over all for some wings and fries  and multiple refills that were a DOLLAR each , our bill for lunch of wings and fries was over 65$.  Are you FUCKING shitting me ?  Service was slow at best.    It's such a shame.   Good wings just to get shit on.    Don't think I'll return for that kind of abuse.
3	Oh good ole Dukes. This place is what it is... A sports bar with no frills or fluff and I like it. Tons of TVs to watch sports and if you get bored you can play pool, darts, arcade, and even buck hunter (my fave)!The food is nothing to rave about but not bad at all. We always order the wings, fish and chips, quesadilla, and of course tater totts. Don't come here and expect the scene you'll get from old town. This place is for locals and friends... The more the merrier in a casual environment. Ps: they have trivia night and I've done it a few times and had a blast!
4	This place is a lot of fun, attentive staff, cheap (or free) pool. Reasonably prices drinks!
5	Duke's is the best neighborhood bar in this area: HANDS DOWN! The menu has been revamped and everything that I've tried is ABSOLUTELY delicious. We go there anytime we can and the service is always on par...there are fun games, lots of TVs that play all the games, and the patio is dog friendly. Great place that I'd recommend to anyone!
4	A great neighborhood grill without pretensions and with good draft beer. Dog friendly and great patios (a smoking and a non-smoking one)!  Just wish they still had the peanut butter and jelly burger!
2	We used to love going to Dukes on Wednesdays for trivia.  Then they changed their menu, increased their prices, and didn't change the level of service.  I've never been treated so rudely as I was tonight.  I will not be returning to Dukes.
5	Have been a patron for seven years. Always friendly, very little turnover of staff, solid core of regulars on different days/nights of the week. The food was always good but now it's WOW!! The culinary school graduate/chef Ryan has completely reworked the menu together with co-owner Jackie. All of the basic bar appetizers and meals are still there, just done better. Especially the fries - great flavor. But now there are Ryan's specialties such as green chili chicken soup, jumbalaya, spring rolls, prime rib chili, cordon bleu chicken, and guess what else? Chocolate desserts! Three of them, each to die for. Duke's has always been an excellent sports bar and it's still all of that. Now it's also an outstanding dining experience at very reasonable prices. Just an excellent value all around.
1	The food is better than typical bar fare - my husband and I both enjoyed the food - but I cannot recommend this place because we had such a bad experience here. This was our first visit to Duke's on McDowell Road, which is pretty close to our home. Great location for a sports bar and a cool place to watch sports on a hot summer day in Scottsdale. We went to Duke's to watch Game 7 of the NHL Western Conference playoffs, and the owner refused to put it on in the main part of the bar, despite multiple customers' requests.He told hockey fans to go to the pool (billiards) room to watch the game. No one went.As we were leaving, my husband told the owner that we would have stayed longer if we could have heard the game. "What do you want to hear, the puck going into the net?" he says, laughing at us. And he tells us, "See ya later," telling us if we don't like it we can leave. Who does that??We weren't asking him to turn off the Dodgers game. We wanted him to turn off the sound for baseball and turn ON the sound for hockey.  We'll never go back to Duke's. Scottsdale has many other, better choices.
1	A group of us went here Friday night to watch the Stanley Cup Final- and like another reviewer we were told to go to the pool room to watch the game. So we finished our drinks and went to Max Sports Grill. Love the fact that Dukes is on the green belt and very close to home- but really disappointed when we were told by our waitress that the owner hated hockey and he feels it doesnt bring in business so he refuses to put it on with sound in the main bar. Well it brought 6 of us in and we left because of the owner's personal preference (and we still had a couple more people that were going to join us).   I think it is safe to say for our group that next time we will just go straight to Max's
3	Great place to go play pool! They have nice tables, shuffleboard, and TV's. The service is great. The food is pretty good for bar food. The nachos are on point! They have a nice patio outside. If you are into frisbee golf there is a great course right next door. You can stop in for a beer halfway through the game if you want. They have good happy hours. The best part is they give you a free ride home if you had a couple too many! They do pool tournaments from time to time and they are always doing specials on the weekends.
4	Trivia night at Duke's is one of the highlights of my week. It's a great excuse to hang out at Duke's and eat some of their great food. They have quite the menu and I always have a tough time choosing what to get. I typically go with the sandwich and soup combo, but the salads are awesome too. Service is hit or miss, but not bad enough to keep me from coming back every week for trivia night :)
3	Regular sports bar with a couple of unique amenities.  Large patio on the Scottsdale greenbelt.  Menu where every sandwhich has a corresponding salad version (essentially replace the bread with lettuce).  Lots of specials, and a fun birthday offer.  It's quite large with multiple sections, and televisions all around.
5	This place is great! We needed a late night dinner and the menu was impressive for being 10pm on a weeknight. The food was really good and it wasn't just standard bar food. My buffalo chicken sandwich was huge! A very generous sized chicken breast with lots of fixings. I look forward to coming back the next time I'm in town.
4	This is a great all-around "go to" place. You want to grab a bite or a cold one with a old friend, or a (very) casual first date with a new someone? Tastey food, reasonable prices, decent service, sports all over the place, pool in the back. In a town where douchebag nightclubs come and go faster than imaginable, theres a reason why Dukes remains.
5	This sports bar is a real sports bar with a menu that has your awesome bar food with other healthy options. I am gluten free and had the best BBQ bacon cheeseburger that had a gluten free bun! It was so amazing! The staff is friendly and the drinks are always on the ready!
5	Watched the Cardinals game here today. Super crowd, breakfast burrito was delicious.  Our server Brandy, was attentive but not hovering. Al, the owner is passionate and fun loving!  Key: don't be a tight ass with a shitty attitude and you will have a great time!
4	Good place. Affordable food. Friendly management.
5	Great venue for a low-key, sports environment. They offer lots of beer on draft as well as bottled choices.Try their potato skins w/fat kid's ketchup (i.e Ranch) - you won't be disappointed. Made me a tad bloated the next day, but still tasty and sinful.Service was excellent - very friendly servers w/frequent check-ins.
2	We have been going to Dukes with our work crew for years for lunch. Found out yesterday that we are being charged for refills on our $3 iced teas.......the explanation was "we have to support our softball team". Peace out.
3	Not a bad place, service is a bit spotty, but otherwise good.No doubt its a huge place with a ton of TVs and good food, great place for sports fans! Cowboys fans beware!!!Stop in and cheer for favorite team.
5	I usually come to Duke's on Wednesday nights for Trivia. It's probably the best sports bar in Scottsdale. Here are TVs all over the place and they actually have the volume on!The food is always decent. Some things are better than others but I haven't had a bad experience yet.
5	This place is huge and has so many TVs that every sports fan should be satisfied. Food is excellent, even have breakfast on weekends for the early games! It's right on the park and has a beautiful outside patio
1	There are no words to describe how rude and absurd of a man the owner is. After seeing that Duke's had the channel our favorite football team was playing on, we decided to stop in for some appetizers and sports. For the first portion of our visit, everything was okay. We ordered chips and wings, all of which were average but sufficient. On top of this we had a friendly enough server. As many do, upon eating we stuck around to watch more of the game. That's when everything turned sour... or more specifically we had the delight of meeting the owner. Now, the owner was someone we noticed from the beginning of our meal, as he sat at the bar eating nachos and cheering against the U of A as they played their game (not for their opponent, just enthusiastically against them). Upon realizing we were Wildcat fans we soon became recipients of many dirty looks, but remained unfazed thinking he was just another restaurant patron. As the half progressed the looks became more frequent, and we realized that despite being quiet and respectful customers, he clearly had an issue with us. During halftime he made it known, as he rushed to our table, angrily grabbed our napkins off the table, and then proceeded to condescendingly yell at us, demanding we order more food or get out. We understood his point (although it could have been delivered more kindly), and began picking out new items to order. We then ordered, only to be angrily reapproached by the owner five minutes later yelling at us and asking whether we had chosen something to order. We explained that we had, at which point he then said, "WAIT!!! Are you guys 21?!" We replied that one of the three of us were, promoting him to yell at the top of his lungs, "STOP. STOP. YOU CANNOT BE HERE WITHOUT ADULTS!" We had seen many children and had seen no signs explaining this policy, and were left extremely confused, and with an entire restaurant of people turned in their seats to watch him yell at us, with their jaws dropped. He then said our order was cancelled and we had to leave. In all honesty this review doesn't do the situation justice at all. The owner was an EXTREMELY rude and aggressive drunk man, who singled us out over a sports rivalry (there were MANY other tables of people watching sports without food on their tables, and we had done literally nothing to draw his attention or disapproval). He treated us extremely immaturely and condescendingly, and showed no evidence of skills in customer service. In fact, one of his staff even came up to us and apologized for the owner being a "drunk a$$hole." We left sad and embarrased, not to mention angry. Worst experience ever.
5	Great place for sports, shooting pool, playing shuffleboard...you name it!  Just had the chicken Oriental Salad and it was excellent!!
3	Good sports bar.  It was Thurs and they ran out of the rib special.  Salad was good.! Beers are cold.
3	Great place to watch any sports game.  They have TV surrounding the place, it gets loud when a big games are on.  But great food and drink specials.  Try to get there early, sometimes you can't find a parking spots if you go late.
4	Great sports bar.  Plenty of seating, plenty of tvs, and dog friendly patio.  Nice selection on menu with daily specials, they sometimes run out of menu items which isn't cool but there are plenty of other good selections.  Try the chicken breast with mashed potatoes and green chili gravy...yum.
1	This place has decent coverage of the games. Waited what seemed like for 50 minutes for nachos. Let's get it together.
2	First time here in years and I must say that the quality of food has gone down hill dramatically.  Came looking for a specific game, from Gilbert, AZ mind you and they did not have my game on with sound. I understand we live in AZ and with the Cardinals but you have to accommodate all customers which they did not. They said and I quote "This is what you got.". The quality of food has gone down as well. Spinach and artichoke dip had very little spinach and a whole lot, over abundance of artichoke.  Pick it up Dukes.  Very dissatisfied customer.
1	Just okay food, friendly enough wait staff, and rude management (had a similar experience to those described in some of the previous negative posts). Not exactly a winning combo.
4	If you're looking for a dive bar that just oozes sports...this is the place to be! Now, Dukes is a great place to settle in for a Cardinals game because they an official Cardinals headquarters. Not to mention you get a free shot after a Cardinals touchdown if you are wearing gear with the logo on it! They are also an ASU bar, but let's not get into that. You won't find me there for those games....beardown! They have so many TV's of all shapes and sizes around the bar so I'm sure you'll find a game or sport that you enjoy. Not to mention its a big place with multiple sitting areas, indoor and outdoor...and yes they have a couple tv's outside!I haven't tried many things on their menu yet but I am a huge fan of their Honey Hot wings. They are delicious!! Last night I tried their Wednesday ribs special and the barbeque sauce is so yummy. Next time I'm ordering their chicken tenders buffalo style! On Sunday's they have a build-your-own Bloody Mary bar that goes till 4pm. Last night I was also able to experience my very first Trivia Night! It was a lot of fun and the rules are pretty straight forward and simple, however, the questions are not as the night goes on! It was nice to get out on a week night to try something different. I think they have Trivia Night twice a week. The staff is friendly, our server last night was awesome. It's a sport's bar, with bar food, and sport's bar decor, nothing fancy, nothing special, but it is a welcoming, have a good time kinda place.
4	Good ol' Duke's! This place is a standard for us. We go there often and LOVE trivia with Darel! Service is hit or miss. Some times we have great service, other times it is dismal. Prices are decent and it is a fun atmosphere. It is a good local spot with staff you will recognize. BTW, this is where I had my first date with my man, so that gives it four stars!
4	service is hit or miss but amazing sports bar.  No DUI taxi and the owner is big cards fan.
1	The food and value are great.  BUT listening to and watching the owner run around drunk and yelling is absolutely disgusting.
3	As a sports bar with a SB menu it a good set up if you like this kind of fare. Unfortunately they only serve conventional brand beers instead of local and or regional mircro beers. So if you like the corporate brand beer and basic sports bar food you'll be fine. Staff is cool and they offer a ride home service if you need it.The owner "Duke" pops in for a few and will talk to customers.  I stopped in only because it was in walking distance from 3 palms hotel i was staying at.
1	Don't ask me why, but came in to Dukes again and paid $2.95 for an Iced Tea.  Then proceeded to pay $2.00 for each refill.  $6.95 for Iced Tea?   I guess we will be drinking water going forward.
5	Great choice on New Year's Eve !!The whole place was nicely decorated for tonight. Every single staff member was in the best mood ever. They handed out party favors for New Year's Eve , and a glass of champagne to everyone in the bar . We always love coming here. If you love salads - this is the place to go! All food is really good and crazy affordable ! Thank you for tonight Dukes! We  love your rocky point location too - you do a great job staffing both locations. The owner is really nice guy  - been on the cardinal game  party bus before. Need to make this place our regular place to go.
