4	Not sure if this is the same location because my receipt shows this cafe name with only one N in Siena.Regardless, this is located inside the Suncoast Casino. Beautiful west side of town, with views of the strip.  Great place to go to during the middle of the week, which we did.  Less crowded and better service.I went with the Tuna Melt, which was very good as far as tuna melts go.  My wife went with something called Crispy Tofu.  These are deep fried sticks of tofu.  Though I would have preferred a thinner batter, they weren't bad.  If they had a way of grilling the tofu, I would have ordered it myself.  Well, my wife didn't finish them, but they did make good leftovers.Overall, good service and food.  But do yourself a favor;  if smoking bothers you, which it does us, ask to sit in the back of the restaurant, as it is close to the casino.
1	Food quality comparable to that of a public high school cafeteria....not a good one.
2	My friends and I visit the Suncoast once a year and eat here frequently.  Not because it's good, but because it's convenient and reasonably priced.  The service is nothing short of laughable - no seriously, we break into fits of giggles at least once each visit because of how comically bad the service is.  Not to say that the waitstaff isn't nice, they are always exceptionally nice - just not good.  Service is SLOW so don't come if you're in a rush.  There's a decent chance you'll be completely forgotten about as soon as you're seated.The menu is extensive and oddly varied - ranging from traditional American fare to Chinese/Asian selections.  I am most familiar with their breakfasts, which are decent and largely portioned.For lunch one day last week I tried the matzoh ball soup and while the matzoh balls were light and fluffy, the broth was over salted and the addition of mushy noodles was both unneeded and puzzling.Lastly, while the restaurant is no-smoking, there are no walls separating it from the casino so be ready to breath in cigarette smoke with every bite.
3	This was my second visit to Cafe Siena, not sure what happened to my first review but the first time was not that great.  The service here still needs some work.  We sat down and a lady came over and took drink orders.  When she came back with the drinks, someone in our party ordered wine but it never came.  When the waiter came we told him about not getting the wine, he called the lady over and asked her where the wine was to which her response was she was not told exactly what type of wine was wanted.  Everyone at the table looked at her as we all heard specifically what was ordered.  Obviously she just did not care enough to listen.Our food order was taken and the food came pretty fast and it actually was pretty good today except the wings, they were not appetizing at all and the entire plate was left.Our waiter never came back after the food came to check on drinks or any other needs.  He finally came back when we were done eating and dropped off the checks and disappeared again never asking if we wanted more to drink or anything else.Needless to say one of the bills was wrong and we had to go to the register to ask them to find our waiter as we waited 10 minutes and he never came back.  He nor anyone else ever asked what the issue was with the wings nor did they care.The management of this place seems to be interesting as you never see them either and it seems like everyone just does what they want.  We did not go there because we really wanted to, we were there for a conference and people needed something close to eat at because some had flights out.  We were going to the hotel once a month and TGIF was a much better place but they are now closed so you have very limited choices for a quick bite.   Very sad.....
