2	What can I say? This is a very typical chain restaurant. Sure, you can enjoy a meal there, but for the price, you can probably find something better. Their service is spotty. I have been greeted by the owner of the place once, but that's when the place is almost empty. When it gets busy, that's another story. My soup, which was supposed to come before my main course, came after it. Not only that, the waitress tripped and spilled water all over the table. I'm not blaming her, but they should really hire more people to accommodate the high seasons during school years.
2	Whenever I visit Canada, East Side Mario's tops my list of places to eat, as we don't have them in The States. Unfortunately, this location isn't one of the best. Italian Wedding Soup and bread are my must-have appetizers. We dined here around 7:30pm and the soup arrived tasting thicker and saltier than normal. The waitress informed us they only had bottom-of-the-pot soup left and would not be making more. We sent the soup back and had salads instead. The bread was piping hot, but took forever to arrive. When we needed a refill, the waitress disappeared for fifteen minutes before bringing more. Since the soup was a bust, we ordered the spinach dip appetizer with pita bread. This was delicious and devoured quickly. For my main, I had Spaghetti Primavera with shrimp. A beautiful array of vegetables mixed in with the pasta provided me with both dinner plus leftovers for lunch the next day.While my main was delicious, the slow service (we were one of four tables) combined with the soup incident gave me no choice but to bump this down to two stars.
3	East Side Mario's is a chain of Italian-American restaurants that is part of the Prime Restaurants empire.  You've probably seen or heard the commercials promising "A taste of Little Italy" and "Hey Budda Boom Budda Bing" from time to time.Favourites of mine include All-You-Can-Eat Italian Wedding soup and Garlic Bread, which comes with your entree.  My wife is partial to the Seafood Linguine, whereas I'm more of a Spaghetti person.My biggest complaint about East Side Mario's is the fact that the service and the food can be very inconsistent.  This location is no exception.  One day I can have excellent service and have excellent food, another day slow service and okay food, to other days when I can only say that everything was terrible.Perhaps being in a location where there is high traffic (being located so close to two Universities) allows this restaurant to rest on their laurels.  I think this restaurant could be better if the quality could be more consistent.
2	I am from LA and I was Visiting a business client. they suggested this place stating that it had good Italian food. the place is worse than olive garden. The food is below average and tastes nothing like Italian. Definitely not "Home maid"
4	I've always had a great experience at this location, but I've heard so many rumors about problems when ordering chicken. Considering this is an Italian restaurant, it is recommended to get the pasta. LOVE bottomless salad and garlic bread. Garlic bread sooo good. I love the caeser salad here too! Price range is good, food is good, experience is good, I would recommend to pasta lovers.
2	I used to be a devoted faithful customer - most every Friday we would have lunch at ESM.  It has become everything a chain should not be.  The food is uninspired, not very tasty and the service is okay, other than slow.I had a turkey club while my wife chose the lunch pizza special.  My sandwich was cold, and was served with luke warm fries.  My wife's pizza looked very unappetizing,and when offered a piece, I declined.  She responded with "it's pretty tasteless".  She did enjoy the salad though.I would suggest picking one of the OTHER dozen or so restaurants in the University mall.
1	We found this location to be too noisy. The bread they brought out was freezer burnt. When we mentioned it to our waitress, her response was such that we caught her trying to give us frozen bread when they "make their own" so she brought the manager over. We mentioned that the bread we had was freezer burnt, although the manager didn't seem to think that was possible, we were delivered more bread, but that too was freezer burnt. We didn't mention it again, but left it to the side. The chicken parm I had was a little on the dry side. I like East Side Mario's and will continue going there, but not this particular location.
2	Near UW and Wilfred Laurier, there's a lot of things to eat but very little that actually has a sit down focus.  Seeing how it's all students running about to classes, it makes sense.  This East Side Mario is old when you compare it to other restaurants.  Actually, when you compare the restaurant to the froshes, they're practically the same age.  Closest to UW and in the University plaza, this ESM has stood at the prime location for a long time.  I guess it's feeding the students and it's families when they come for a visit to the campus.  It's old and worn and the service feels the same.  There's a lot of indifference.  This particular location gets a lot of traffic.  You'll have families of all ages and a lot of young frosh with their parents here.  With ESM being a very common chain restaurant, finding something you recognize is probably great for parents who travel 4+ hours to visit their kids.  Each time I've been dragged here (tally of 3 so far), we've had to wait even with a reservation.  It drives me nuts.  The worst wait for 20 minutes even with a reservation!  Once we're seated, you can feel the grime on the floor boards.  The menu is the universal heavily sauced, cheese laden, and breaded American Italian.  This place executes quickly on the mediocre dishes.  It's one of the few things this place does well... it moves dishes very fast.  Lasagna, grilled chicken salad, and bread was dropped off at our tables within 10 minutes of ordering.  The food tasted like it was just re-warmed in the oven from being in the freezer.  It's no better than McCain at the local grocery store.  As I mentioned, the service is subpar.  Perhaps it's the cheap tipping by students or that it's a really tough job with such a high turn over of tables, but they really don't care.  Refills are requested and forgotten.  Forks are not given.  Servers barely look at you and they mutter instead of speak clearly.  There's not budda boom budda bing to their step.   There's a lot of great eating places in Waterloo and this isn't one of them.  If you're a student, venture to any of the other restaurants at the plaza.  The vegetarian and Taiwainese places are good starts.  And if you're a parent visiting and shell shocked from having a kid in university, drive out to King St (north or south) and you'll find great options to feed your freshmen.
3	I haven't been here in a while, but it was average- nothing special. I went for an early lunch (around 11:45ish) so wasn't busy or noisy yet. The hostess was nice and so was the waitress, but it was hard to get the waitress' attention when we needed her. They have cheap lunch specials - not sure if that's unique to this location since it's close to UW and WLU (universities) - with a lunch-size entree and side for $10.
2	It's not really good..closest thing to cure that Olive Garden craving without making the drive if you don't have time I would assume. Prices are steep for what it is, but the food is edible. Not the best, not the worst. Service is usually mediocre and everything all together is just OK.
1	Horrible service!I definitely won't return after waiting forever to order, get more salad, and even a water refill.I wouldn't suggest this location.
1	Ruined my experience ... Never going to  East Side Mario again!Went for my daughter's birthday and the server seemed very tired and stressed. The wait was long and when she brought water we were told that one glass of water is delayed as all glasses were in dishwasher. How can a resturant run out of glasses, c'mon. Salads were super slow and we were waiting. She left in between taking order and she took the sauce on my pasta wrong. I did not fuss but when brought to her attention she did not even have the courtesy to say sorry. I expected an apology as she was overly busy and in that she did not listen properly. I was not asking anything in return/ discount, the least she could have done was to say sorry for ruining my meal. Overall the tables and the restaurant was dirty.There was another server who kept whistling and that was very annoying. Anyways, I have been to better ESM's... This may be the biggest but the worst I have been to.
