4	They have a good lunch buffet, which I've been to a couple of time now since they opened this spring.  They rotate a few of the dishes daily, so you'll get a chance to try something new on each visit.Because of my lunch experience, I took my wife here for dinner last month, and we enjoyed Chicken Tikka Masala and Aloo Gobi - both were very good.The staff could be a bit more assertive, but it won't keep me from returning.
4	I went here for the lunch buffet on a visit to Charlotte with a couple of coworkers and thoroughly enjoyed it. We had great service and the food was delicious. I was surprised that some of the indian buffet lunch staples were nowhere to be found (chicken tikka masala, aloo gobi, any type of paneer) but what they had was pretty good. If you like Indian food I would definitely give this place a try.
2	Dunno why it is called "fine dine".... There is nothing fine about dining there. I thought it would be an upscale place by its name. But it is not and there are other Indian restaurants in this area which server better food.
4	I love it.  The service is always polite and helpful.  For dinner I order off the menu and they are more than willing to offer what you want.  I really enjoy everything I've ordered.
4	The food was good and the service good too.  Of course I asked for a Scotch and the waiter said they did not have it.  When I looked up they had a full bar and in that bar was a bottle of Johnny Walker Black.  Hmmm.  Why doesn't anyone seem to know what Scotch is?
2	Alright, y'all. This place is UNDER NEW MANAGEMENT as of three days ago. That means, new menu, new food preparation, new prices.Soggy rice (that was JUST put out), poor execution of tradition dishes, and the price. Wow. $12 for a lunch buffet with only ten poorly executed options (although I can't speak for the two meat dishes).I try not to be super negative when writing reviews but, it seems like a good warning to those who look up where in University City to eat and see almost four stars across the board for a place that doesn't have the same menu any more.
5	HUsband is from South India and this is where he goes for Authentic South Indian Food. No doubt very nice place, good food and good service.
