4	This restaurant was named one of the top 10 new restaurants in Canada for 2011 according to En Route magazine (http://enroute.aircanada.com/en/articles/canada-s-best-new-restaurants-2011/page:6).  Appetizers (mussels, chevre) were excellent, main courses (celery root, scallops / blood pudding) were good with an artisanale flair.  Dessert (cardamom chocolate cake) was incredible.  It's a very limited menu, probably tough for vegetarians or those with food restrictions like nuts or seafood - even the celery root "vegetarian" dish was made with anchovy butter - so take care and read the descriptions carefully.  Service was generally excellent if a bit unpolished ... our first courses were served quite quickly, but we had a long delay between finishing our dinner and placing our dessert order.  Still, an adventure, ,and well worth the price.
5	Why is this restaurant not more reviewed?!?!One of my best finds in 2011!!! Small and cozy, Van Horne really has a lot to offer! From a great wine list, to an interior design of great taste, waiters that are knowledgeable and devoted to their work, and most of all, Chef Eloi Dion mouth-watering dishes.He uses simple and fresh ingredients presented in a short and concise menu offering meat, fish and vegetarian options.  They also include amuse-bouche and pre-dessert which is always very interesting! For example, their albacore tuna carpaccio with squid ink not only makes a beautiful dish but also a fresh and flavorful twist on your traditional carpaccio. One of their most known dish, their spiced watermelon and bulgarian cheese soup is one of the rare cold soup that I appreciated greatly! Exploding of flavors with an unexpected combination of spices and texture, this soup is really impressive! Of course their five spice venison didn't fail to perform either.  Cooker under vaccuum, it was tender to the fork and the flavors  of its accompanying ingredients melted in the mouth in harmony.  Finally, their desserts are prepared along the line of his previous courses, beautifully presented and unexpected sensations! An added bonus: their toilet is so so cool! Imported from Asia, you have controls over its functions such as massage, heat, washing... Hi hi hi, quite an experience ;)Overall, everything about Van Horne is done to perfection.  A definite must try!
5	Definitely lives up to the hype and I don't understand why Yelpers haven't caught on. A little off the beaten path (which can sometimes be a good thing!) The emphasis is on fresh seasonal food, but with a gastronomic twist. Chef is not afraid to use advanced techniques but not just to show off. Service was slow but friendly and you certainly don't come here for a rushed meal. Menu changes weekly but is generally 4 appy, 4 mains (2 fish / 1 meat / 1 veg although on our evening the vegetarian dish had sausage in it (optional)). Everything about the food was amazing. For example, I had a rabbit terrine with foie gras that just melted away -- texture I had never had in a terrine and it brought the tastes to a whole different level. Sea bass with radish, corn, and onion sounded pretty basic but was equisitly tied together with a lemongrass foam / broth that transported familiar local ingredients to a different continent!Desserts were sublime -- I had braised peach and rice pudding -- deceptively simple yet I could never in a million years eat a better peach and normally I'm the chocolate dessert guy! My friend's banana cake had a cheesecake texture and a suprise when a bubble of hot chai syrup erupted from the centre, giving a differnet nuance to the second half of dessert. House cocktails were excellent and there is a decently-priced wine list. You are getting Toque-style quality here for a bargain. Go!
5	This restaurant is very cozy and is a bit off the beaten path. The few tables in the restaurant are very close to each other (the couple sitting beside us was commenting on our food and everything was within earshot). Service was excellent, but very slow. The food was scrumptious to say the least. Price was very reasonable.
5	This is the first time I have ever taken the time to review a restaurant on yelp. I eat out all the time, so this says a lot about the quality of this restaurant. Moreover, I am typing this on my Iphone, so you get the idea.The meal was sublime, from start to finish. We started off with a watermelon ricotta salad. The fruit was juicy and sweet, the cheese was just salty enough and velvety, and it was served with thin slices of dehydrated (?) tomatoes... was quite the party in my mouth.Then came the amuse-gueule, a delicate piece of smoked salmon cube, with delicious marinated cucumber and creme fraiche. It left us wanting more and at this point I was already worried that the mains were not going to live up to my expectations, as the previous dishes were so spot on.It was no easy feat but the entrees managed to surpass our expectations, especially the mackerel. It was perfectly pan-fried, so crispy and tasty, with a tender centre. I usually hate ordering fish at the restaurant because it is ALWAYS too dry but this fish was perfection. It was served with fried kale and a foamy creamy sauce. I could have licked the plate, and actually regret not doing so.The only sub-par dish was the duck magret; the sauce made of apples and pumpkin was overwhelmingly sweet and the brussels sprouts were pretty bland. For the finale, we were given a pre-dessert in the form of a homemade chocolate cherry truffle with peppery cream on top. It was just lovely, and at this stage of the meal we were wondering where we had landed, because the food was truly out of this world.A chocolate verrine and lemon-orange creamy cake later graced our table. Once again, it did not disappoint. Service was a bit cold but very efficient and professional. It was one of the best meals I have had in a long time, and I already cannot wait to go back!
4	Excellent food.  Excellent service.  Excellent and nicely priced wine selection.  The restaurant is too small...but the location is nice as it is so close to home.
5	Honored to be the first American to write a review for this holy grail of goodness. We got the the chefs menu and were lucky to get a table at this cozy establishment on a Saturday. Everything was artfully placed and incredibly balanced. Also, the fruit and vegetables just tasted so damn fresh, the chef clearly does his homework at the market. They also paired some of the courses with complimentary fresh pressed juices which was a nice palate cleanser for the next course. So for dessert... they blew my motherfuckin' mind. It was this celeriac ice-cream/sorbet with strawberries.  These strawberries  tasted like they were harvested straight from Valhalla or something. I've never had such a tasty strawberry, so simple, so delicious. The combination was just amazing. It might be the best desert I've ever had. I can't believe I even just typed that. But it's true.
4	La raclette du dimanche!,ce n'est pas exactement de la haute gastronomie,mais quand il neige et fait froid...acceuil chaleureux,fromage et accompagnements classiques,vins de soif.prix doux.amenez des amis.si vous n'aimez pas le fromage-allez ailleurs le dimanche!
4	Everything that came out of Chef Jens Ruoff's kitchen looked like a work of art. The kale, snails, turnips, daikon and shimeji ($15) is an earthy dish had just the right amount of textural contrast and acidity to catapult our appetites into full gear.The beef tartare with oyster espuma, smoked cockles, black olives and pumpernickel ($16) was delicious. The beef was the star ingredient: fresh and velvety. The dish also had a nice crunch courtesy of the dried black olives sprinkled on top.The monkfish was not my favourite: I found it a bit underdone and bland for my palate. The duck magret, red cabbage, bread pudding, miso and coffee ($29) was one of the most beautifully plated dishes I've seen. The duck had a great sear that sealed in the juices and the braised red cabbage was the perfect accompaniment for it.The dessert was heavenly: white chocolate, sour cherry ice cream, passion fruit, parsnip and beurre noisette ($9). It was a breath of fresh air. The passion fruit coulis was pure perfection.You won't find many restaurants at this caliber that will offer up a stellar seven-course tasting menu for only $65.
5	An outstanding experience !A chief thinking "out of the box" : new ways of associating tastes .A 3D experience in most plates:- high vs low temperature- hot vs sour- sugar vs salt
2	Was the chef absent?  My spouse and I had dinner at Van Horne. The restaurant itself is small and bistro like. Service was courteous and commendable. Wine selection was good.  Appetizers ( tomatillo shrimp soup and bonito) were creative in look and taste. Then we had fish (dore) which was good but with no wow effect.  The veggies were ok and mushroom were cold yet grilled. We also had duck with the same cold mushrooms and a lukewarm (at most) corn chowder.. As the rest, the duck wasn't warm enough. As if the plate had been assembled too early and each of its component cooked at different moments.  Dessert was up to expectations. Will we go there again?No, there are a lot of fine restaurants in Montreal in and below this price range
5	Great service. Very nice staff. The slowly cooked salmon appetizer was incredible and there was a nice variety in the menu. We waited a bit longer than expected for our main course so the waiter apologized and refilled our 2 glasses of wine for free without us even mentioning the wait.
