1	I am 95% sure I acquired a nasty food based illness here. I ate some of the chicken nuggets, and within 2 hours I was terribly ill, vomiting the entire contents of my stomach into my kitchen sink because I was not able to get to the bathroom. It was that bad. As for the service, the 'help' if you can call it that clearly did not want to be working at the place, and I observed several questionable hygiene related issues in regards to how the staff handled themselves - and the food. How was I able to do this, you ask? Well good reader, the reason is that I was standing for 10 minutes at the counter waiting for my order, a Hamburger, a single order of chicken nuggets, a baked potato, and a large soft drink. I had ample time to observe these things. I know only the most 'interesting' person would actually enjoy working at a fast food place, but the help here set a new bar of horribleness - if the bar was buried 3 feet into the ground that is. Add in the for lack of a better term - 'wiped out' dining room which was filthy, and you get fast food hell. Avoid at all costs - go to another Wendy's - any other Wendy's.
1	Don't even want to give this place any stars. I found a chunk of tin foil in my burger. I took it up to get a new one and the person didn't say one word to me. No sorry no nothing. Just took the burger, made me a new one and gave it back...without saying one word to me. Customer service is absolutely terrible which is a shame because the food is usually good there.
1	Not sure what happened to the beef at Wendy's, BUT I have been to this location and the fish hatchery location and the newer thicker beef patties have a strange old meat flavor. Not sure when or if I will go back. This used to be a favorite. Very disappointed. I wish they would go back to the old style of burgers.
5	Not really sure what these negative reviews are about...I have never had a bad situation, bad food, a messed up order, or unfriendly service at this location! I have been coming to this Wendy's location at least once a month for the last 7 years and I know that although their employees change, neither their service nor their friendliness has declined. Wendy's is exactly what it is: fast food. I can tell you that their food is always made fresh and they never forget the simple things like ketchup if I ask for it, the sauces I ask for, the straws, the spoon or the napkin. This place is going to get 5 stars because it is over the top friendly, nice, and clean as compared to every other fast food restaurant. They get the job done: they feed you, fill you up and do it with a smile.
