5	The absolute best breakfast in town. I ate here almost every Saturday for about 8+ years, starting in High School and Continuing to whenever I am back in town. This review will not even begin to give them the praise they deserve, and I could spend hours on all the Cosmo related stories.Little Background: Cosmo was started over 35 years ago by Tony Koulakis. The restaurant is literally a hole in the wall with 11 stools jammed around a tiny counter. The restaurant has been almost 100% run, with Tony and his children behind the counter, with the occasional cousin or relative stepping in.  In the summer they take over the front of the restaurant and have 3-4 tables, which are always packed.They even made a documentary called "Man of Grease" that was quite popular in Montreal. This is one of the few restaurants I can proudly claim to have eaten at multiple times in the same day. The walls are covered with bills from all over the world, and sketches and cartoons of those that work and have worked there.The food is mostly breakfast, with huge portions and signature dishes:- The "Creation" Sandwich, a bacon, egg, salami lettuce, tomato and cheese monstrosity- The "MishMash" omelet. Bacon, eggs, ham, sausage, salami, tomatoes, onions and cheese all fried in butter - 1800 Calories as per chemical analysis.- The "Good Morning' Burger: A hamburger with a fried egg on topI have eaten here at one point or another with every single one of my friends, and is as part of my memories of Montreal as the Montreal Canadiens hockey team. I can go back any time and Nicky, Tony's daughter will always remember us.Memories:- It used to be a smoking restaurant, so 4 stools were designated "non-smoking stools" lol- Tony used to smoke while cooking- Prices were pretty variable and Tony would round stuff up or down randomly- Customers can be expected to run across the street for fresh milk- Taking up ALL the stools with just friendsDo yourself a favor and check it out, but try going during the week if you want to avoid the weekend madness!
3	I grew up near this place. The food was never great but we went in because there was a pile of comics on the end of the counter for kids to read because the NDG Paperback was next store. From what I remember 30Yrs ago was that they made their living fronting all the residents of halfway houses (  A big N.D.G. industry ) meals until their welfare checks arrived. At some point in the 80's some of my  'Rich'  friends from Hampstead & Cote-St-Luc decided it was a cool place to slum it on Sundays for Brunch and the place has been going like gangbusters ever since. WTF!?!
5	I love these kinds of breakfasts places, and I'm glad to see this one is still around.When we walked in the locals eating knew right away we were first timers. The cook/waitress/hostess asked us what we wanted with a smile on her face. This no-frills place has limited seating but the food is amazing. The best hash browns I've ever had in my life and it was so cheap, I was amazed. Go here for a quick breakfast but if you get a seat at the counter stay for some lovely conversation with the employees. They put a smile on my face and made my tummy very happy.
5	THE classic Montreal greasy spoon.  Highlights include the Mish-Mash, an ungodly combination of eggs, potatoes, cheese, and charcuterie of all kinds that's become a true Montreal icon (often imitated, never matched), and the Creation, which is my pick for the very best breakfast sandwich in town (there's not much competition in this department, but with eggs, bacon, fried bologna, lettuce, tomato, and mayonnaise all wrapped up into one package, this sandwich is a keeper).  Also:  the best counter banter/repartee in Montreal.
5	This is the ultimate greasy spoon indeed. Came here on recommendation from some old friends in Montreal and they did not disappoint!It's literally a greasy spoon diner/cafe, so if you're expecting anything else or an experience beyond that, you're going to be heavily disappointed.Prices are great and the food really hits the spot. Probably even more so if you come here the morning after a night of heavy drinking.It's tiny so getting a seat can be difficult, but they move fast so you don't have to wait long if it's a full house.  Service is direct (some might find it blunt) but it is friendly.Food is delicious and the overall vibe is just perfect for grabbing some coffee and a delicious omelette to get the day started.
1	I don't understand the hype and folklore around this place.Normally, I love whole-in-the-wall greasy spoons, and this place certainly looks the part. The only problem is that food kind of sucks.There is nothing exceptional about their greasy spoon breakfasts. Everything is rushed together, and regardless of what you order, your plate is nothing more than a blend of browns and yellows.That, and the staff behind the counter handle money and your food at the same time. So that kind of grossed me out.
4	I have been one of those: so hungover you crave the dim greasy breakfast bar, the cynical banter, the mad pile of grease that you don't ask questions about, you just eat and let it do it's thing to you, have it's way with you, cure what ails you. Not for everyone, but definitely for me on days like these.
5	Cant believe I haven't reviewed this place yet. Born and raised in Montreal this was always the go to breakfast spot if you were in need of a good stick to the ribs breakfast. This greecey spoon is the home of the famous MishMash, Creation and marvelous hashbrowns.
4	Hole in the wall with big portions of good greasy breakfast food for fairly cheap price.  The food really hits the spot as a post drinking morning hangover cure.  I recommend the MishMash omlette, which apparently is famous around here.Warning: it can get super crowded, and seating is pretty limited.
5	The ultimate expression of the "hangover food" genre, as that appeared to be the motive of most of the people who came in while I was downing the best breakfast ever. You can't be afraid to talk to the nice ladies behind the counter, and because there are only a few stools and they're all crammed together at the counter, you are pretty much guaranteed to make friends if you allow yourself to engage in the constant smack-talking. I must have tipped these guys like 30% in the end just because I got such a kick out of them. I can't speak on the quality of the signature MishMash, but the big meat-and-eggs-and-toast-etc. platter I ordered was impeccable, and I credit it for the success of the 18-hour study marathon that followed. I'm coming back as much as I can afford to.
5	Best way to describe it is comfort food. From the creation and taters to the mishmash and let's not forget the burgers. The service is extremely entertaining and very friendly. Tony did a great job and  sure he's proud to know Nick is holding Down the fort.
5	Love this place - been going here for years! Many creative dishes such as the bagela and mish-mash. All of such are freaking delicious. If you haven't been to this Montreal institution make it a tip priority. NOW!
5	Best breakfast in town... and maybe the best I ever had.This place comes highly recommended if you have a healthy appetite... not if you're trying to lead a healthy lifestyle.I was lucky to have a friend who owned a car when I went to school in Montreal and we would come here at least once a month.The place is tiny and you smelled like it as you left but the breakfast was the delicious. I tried many of the items on the menu on their own and they are known for their creation (which I probably ordered the most). If you're a first timer, a bit greedy and want to try many of the menu items, who can go for the mishmash which is a bit of everything on the menu. Interesting fact... the mishmash is extra delicious when consumed later as a leftover - I think due to the time given for the grease to marinate.I can tell you more about their delicious home fries and extensive selection of breads but I'd rather you go and try it yourself... if your diet will allow.
5	amazing -an institution in Montreal - !!!went over there and had the ultimate experience for breakfast  the mish mash has eggs and anything else you can think of in this omelet any one that is hungry and wants to hang out at a neighborhood breakfast joint trust me this is the best
5	Excellent greasy spoon, I can see why this place has so many faithful regulars. The service is as outstanding as the food, cooked exactly how you want it just like food cooked at home would be. Every time I go I feel so welcomed, it's like visiting my grandparent's for breakfast.
5	This was the first place I went to when I landed in Montreal on Monday. Lots of street parking nearby.Now down to the food, I ordered their famous mish mash and Nick the owner made it, it is a mix of bacon, salami, ham sausages, cheese, peppers and onions with a side of homefries and toast. All I can say it is delicious! Very greasy, but hey its a greasy spoon so its expected. Coffee and tea was included. Portions were huge and after eating at cosmos I didn't have to eat until dinner time. The Atmosphere was great, the owner will talk to you about anything, and sometimes the conversation would turn from sports to a tale of a missing wild animal.Overall I would definitely come back again and try their other items like the "Creation"
2	Cosmo's is a tasty and cheap breakfast, but damn does it take long. I love going to cosmos for a greasy breakfast but it's tiring to have to set aside 2 hours because I don't know how long it will take for me to get my food. If you're thinking quick breakfast, you're at the wrong place. Once the food is at your table, you're set, but getting it in front of you can be an issue...
5	Friendly, fast (when I was there) and decent greasy spoon.  Love the ladies cooking up breakfast on weekday mornings!
5	if you ever need to feel like you're at your grandma's for brunch, come here.the nice old ladies serve up decent , filling, satisfying grub that cures any type of hangover or heartbreak, whatever you suffer from. free refills of strong black coffee, good conversations with anyone and everyone there, and homebaked cookies on the house. if you're not already stuffed. must-go.
4	Finally came to try Cosmo's this morning (Tuesday). It was nice and emptier than weekends. Been wanting to come for ages, but all the accounts of crazy heavy food swayed us. Today we tried it.We had a normal creation sandwich and a veggie creation, and they were both cooked superbly and not that ridiculously filling at all. Just about right. With some potatoes and orange juice.Place was so chill, everyone was superfriendly, and the entire meal costs $15 total. Don't know why we never came here before. Will totally come here once a month.
4	This has become by far my favorite breakfast place in Montreal. Pop in when it's not busy. Order a creation sandwich, they're so yummy and light. At first I felt this place was a bit standoffish but after visiting the vibe from the staff/people is so welcoming and just feels lovely. Especially when hungover and anxious and tired etc haha.. But make sure to go on a day when it's empty. Then you get the attention and love. Weekends is a bit nuts and chaotic.
5	An 11 seat diner, luckily I and my guests arrived when we did because latecomers will stand around and wait for a seat. Chef/owner is fun to watch while you sip on constantly refilled coffee. I had the Creation which is a breakfast sandwich, and chef will get back to you on bread options when he's about to toast it. Had egg bread. Chef and younger girl who came in to sue chef bickered back and forth whilst they multi-tasked on everyone's orders. Lots of regulars. THE greasy spoon. Definitely will go back.
5	great breakfast- generous portions and a friendly cook(Nikki). the customers are all friendly and you do not "dine alone" here. The cooking is home style and hot. it is compact and if you need any thing -the person next to you will surely pass it over to youpeter
