1	Cupcakes are awful.
1	Bought 6 cupcakes (4 different kinds) for my family and I to share. Tried:-Pumpkin spice, which was a plain vanilla cupcake, with pumpkin puree smeared on it, vanilla icing and some more pumpkin puree in the center of the icing. Also a hard little jujube on top. The only part that tasted like pumpkin was the puree. There was no "spice" to be found. I could only describe it as "filthy" tasting. I had to mash the puree into the icing, so that it would be remotely tasty.-Cheesecake Cupcake. A plain vanilla cupcake, vanilla icing and a little slice of cheesecake on top. My dad had this one, and he said the only thing cheesecake-y about it was the miniature slice on top.-Chocolate vanilla mix. Plain vanilla cupcake with chocolate chips and vanilla and chocolate frosting. Little choco nibs on top. Mediocre at best. So very bland.-Chocolate Kahlua mascarpone. Plain chocolate cupcake, disgusting frosting. I'm assuming, since all of their cupcakes contain the flavors in the icing (they seem to mostly use plain cupcakes and decorate them) that the mascarpone and Kahlua is in there. They must not have mixed it right because I still had bits of what seems to be unblended icing sugar in mine. The icing has a really gritty feel to it. The only upside is the chocolate cupcake base is pretty alright, albeit crumbly. I've made better with box mix. So aside from really bland cupcakes, the service I received was sub-par as well. I had popped into the shop out of curiosity and decided to pick some things up after dinner. The first girl who helped me, and told me the store hours was very friendly and helpful. The second girl wasn't as helpful and had a bit of an attitude. Like I was a nuisance to her because I was browsing. I wish the cupcakes could make up for her attitude but they didn't.I really don't recommend this place.
2	Cho'cola produces some of the most visually appealing baked goods! From their rainbow cake to their stiletto chocolate sculpture, you are just wowed once you enter the place! They also offer a lot of vegan, gluten free or sugar free bakeries.  However like most mentioned here, the products I tried are very sweet and lacking flavors. It proves that just appearance cannot always make the cut.
3	This glam looking place has visual pizzazz but stumbles when it comes to the taste department. I haven't tried the cupcakes since I'm not a cupcake kind of person but I did have the blueberry cheesecake and it was quite good. Nice and tart. However, the price leaves a bitter taste. At $8, I could've had desserts from a world class chocolatier instead.
2	While there are quite amazing looking cupcakes, the flavours are missing. Let's talk about the taste...ummm pure butter, plus loads of sugar and cheapo fake ingredients. In the end we couldn't finished a single cake out of four different types we tried. There was too much sugar, the topping was extremely hard, and the inside tasted rather uncooked. The service was correct ans smiley but after spending 25$ for a box of 4 cupcakes and a soggy baguette, I would not recommend this place.
4	My daughter is allergic to nuts and so we sought out a nut free bakery while vacationing. We made the trek on the Metro(a great experience for the kids) and it was well worth it. We decided to have lunch and had the vegetarian chili and olive pizza. I loved the chili, the kids said the pizza was okay. But the real reason we were there was for the bakery. To see my nut allergic daughter who is often denied baking, have her choice of the entire store was wonderful. She finally selected a chocolate marshmallow cupcake. Her response afterward: "this is the best cupcake I have ever had." Upon leaving we let her pick out four chocolates which she brought home (another experience she has never had before.)  Cho'cola is now part of our wonderful memories of our trip to Quebec.
3	People seemed quite harsh in the reviews... This place is colourful and they produce beautiful cupcakes that I have no shame serving to guests which are usually impressed.  There isnt that many cup cake shops and this one is successful because there cup cakes are all right...You should buy them fresh and serve them on the same day otherwise they do become
2	Location: Monkland village on the corner of Marcil.  You can usually find street parking fairly easily however, if you're using transit, you'll want to get off at Villa Maria and walk straight down Monkland. It'll take you less than 10 minutes to get there unless you walk at a snail's pace. The place: I guess I'm a bit of a snob when it comes to the decor of pastry shops. I view sweets (pastries, cakes etc.) as little works of edible art and thus, have come to expect my pastries to look damn good - and so should the shop that comes with them. In this case, there's nothing memorable about the shop whatsoever. In fact. from my perspective, I kind of felt like I was walking into the M&M of dessert shops. To be succinct, the place was BLEH. The pastries: Again, BLEH. In looking at the pastries behind the window, I got the impression that they'd been there for a while or that they'd come out of a freezer and been directly placed on display. I tried a chocolate eclair and just wasn't blown away. Taste-wise, it was too sweet, and from a textural point of view, it was tough to cut through which leads me back to the pastries either being old or frozen. Service: OK but nothing to write home about. Price: A little overpriced for what you're getting. You can get way better elsewhere.
2	Some Yelpers have been hitting this place pretty hard with their harsh reviews. So when my wife told me she's picking up 18 cupcakes from this place for a party we were hosting, I was a bit apprehensive. My wife went with this place since they guaranteed no nuts were used in their cupcakes and with a party at hand with someone allergic to them... we absolutely wanted to ensure their well-being.Now that the party is said and done and suddenly I find myself a cupcake connaisseur... I'll pass judgement on those I consumed.I can firmly state that these cupcakes do indeed tend to leave to be desired, which is a damn shame because they certainly do look great. The icing presentation is amongst the best I've seen. They are certainly pretty to look at. However, once you actually try to eat it, you quickly realize that there's far too much icing on them and on top of that (pun!) it's extremely sweet which contrasts sharply with the tasteless, average cupcakes.The vanilla and cookies n' cream cupcakes weren't good at all though I'll admit that the Cho'cola Fever was decent enough.All in all, a forgettable experience and priced at 3$ each not an experience to repeat.
