4	I had heard about a new gentlemen's club in town and wanted to see what all the fuss was about. Being a local meant no cover, no bar minimum, which is always a plus.First, this club is a smaller, more intimate club than the bigger ones like Sapphire or Spearmint Rhino. I personally preferred this to the larger, more overwhelming clubs.The drink prices were unbelievably good, but this may have to do with the fact the club is brand new. Two beers (Bud Light) and a Sex on the Beach was just $12 total. A beer and a shot of Patron was $10. Honestly it's cheaper to drink there right now than my neighborhood bar.The girls were all very friendly (of course), but were actually pleasant to chat with. Since the club is new, there weren't too many people there, and the girls were cool with simply sitting down to chat. I never felt any sort of pressure to buy a dance, and only once did one of the girls ask if I wanted one.Like most clubs, dances are $20, plus tip unless you're cheap. I didn't get one, but a friend did, and she said it was great!The quality of the girls varied. Of the couple dozen that were that night, half were extremely attractive, and the rest were generally decent looking. There was only one that I felt was questionable, but I guess you can find that anywhere.All in all it was a very positive experience and I would definitely go back. Again, this was Saturday night on 4th of July weekend, so that may have been the reason for the drink prices, but it was CHEAP to enjoy a drink!One last note - they offer both semi-private secluded "cabana/table service" areas as well as a good number of open tables and chairs scattered throughout the club.
5	One of the nicest and classiest places around town. The ladies are not aggressive and wont swarm the guys coming in like honeybees. They are well spoken, ROCKING hot bodies, polite, friendly, outgoing, superfun and of course.... sexy! They have a lady there for EVERY taste!
4	We went around 2 am on a Tuesday. Was a bit hard to find but hey its called discreet for a reason lmao. I suppose it was a slow night becuz there was only 4-5 ladies in there, which most of them was already occupied. I give props to the waitress and the bartender, the service was fast and my drink was strong. The ladies were friendly and talkative
