1	I have only been to this vet once, for routine shots for my 6 month old puppy.  I chose this vet because it was close to my house.  I called and made an appointment and no one was in the waiting room when I arrived.  In fact, other than standing in the center of the reception area, there is nowhere to wait other than a plastic bench in the far corner, about as far away from the reception area as you can be while still being in the same room.  I was quickly put into a small, airless examining room with my dog.  And there we sat.  For 45 minutes.  I am not claustrophobic, but if I were, it  would have been terrible.  A vet tech finally came in and whisked the puppy out of the room after saying about two sentences to me.  I waited for another 15 minutes, and then I heard voices outside of the door where my dog had been taken.  I stood up and looked through the window in the door to see four vet techs standing around shooting the breeze.  I think one of them saw me looking because all of a sudden I had my dog back and I was out the door.  I never saw an actual vet,  so I can't comment on how good the vet medicine is.  Back in the reception area, I presented a coupon I had printed from their website, but they wouldn't accept it.  They told me it was expired even though it didn't have an expiration date and then they denied that I got it from their website.  Total cost: $80 and I was then told that the puppy would need another round of shots in four weeks, even though they had originally told me she wouldn't need any more shots for a year.  And if you want to get your dog fixed, they will tell you over the phone that it is $80, but then when you ask for an estimate in the office after the exam, they tell you that they have to do bloodwork and then suddenly it is $180.  I took my dog down to spay and neuter center and it was $100 for everything, including pain meds.  After I left the office, I looked at my receipt and I had been charged $20 for an "exam".  I know my dog was not examined because all of the techs were out talking in the hall.  If you need something simple like shots and you don't mind sitting and waiting in a 6 ft by 10 ft room for an hour and you don't mind chilly receptionists and getting overcharged, then you would be fine taking your pet here.  If you actually expect to see an actual vet or if you expect your veterinary hospital to care about your pet, don't go here.
5	I had a wonderful experience with this vet office.  Dr. Schexinder, was able to diagnose a relatively unusual dental disorder on my cat (previously missed and dismissed by other vets).  She was sweet and nice, spent lots of time discussing the problem and gave me extra reading material about it from her own personal vet books.  My cat ended up having major surgery and they were very cautious about making sure he was ready and healthy to go home.  Everyone I have encountered was nice and professional, they were exceptionally sweet to my sometimes cranky and anxiously pet.  Plus they have wonderful hours for those of us we work 9-5 M-F.  I was able to drop my cat off for surgery before work and pick him up after work.As for the previous review, I am not sure if they remodeled, but they have lots of reception seating, that is in clear view of the reception desk.  There has always been at least one person (usually 2 or more) at reception and I have never had to wait longer than 3 minutes to be shown into an exam room and I never waited longer than 10 minutes for a vet or vet tech to come to the exam room.
1	If there were an opinion for no stars I would do it. Walked in didn't even greet me. Looked at me like I was dumb and I was bugging them. Would not give me their promotion of free exam because I had the coupon on my phone. Come on 2011 who still has coupons...its all through phone now lol. I just walked out and they were just starring at me still
4	I'm so bummed to see all of the poor reviews for Pebble-Maryland.  My husband and I have been taking our dog and cat here since we first adopted them and have always been happy with the vets, especially Dr. Sultan.   At first I wasn't entirely thrilled that they take the animals to the back to do any procedures but it actually makes a lot of sense.  I'm always a nervous wreck when my babies need any procedures done and would probably just transfer all of that nervous energy to them!  Neither of them are ever back there for longer than 20 minutes and that's only when the dog needs his claws clipped.  I've never had any trouble getting my questions answered nor have I had issues with billing.  Whenever I've had to bring one of them in for tests, I've always been given an itemized quote that lets me know how much everything will cost.  I've never been confronted with any billing surprises and I'm usually surprised by how little the visits cost.  I admit, I agree that the front office staff isn't always the friendliest but I'm more than willing to deal with that to make sure my babies are healthy, happy and don't come home from the vet traumatized.
1	I took my cat in to be boarded for a few days and to get neutered. When he came home he was very lethargic and wouldn't eat or drink. He actually wouldn't even really move and would hide under the covers all day which he never did before.I assumed this was all normal considering all he had been through and we had just moved into a new apartment. Well, I noticed last night that he was licking at a huge laceration on his lower abdomen. I must not have noticed it before because he has long hair and must've been keeping it clean and had been hiding so much.I called the vet and all she could say is that it's unfortunate that he was hurt and it didn't happen there. I know it sure didn't happen in my apt bc I literally took him from the vet to the new empty apt that still has no furniture so there is nothin sharp. I only have an air mattress and I've checked to make sure there aren't any sharp objects anywhere.So now my poor cat just had his second surgery in 7 days and is so traumatized. I definitely didn't take him back but to another vet. Beware!!!!
2	It's so hard to give this place a fair review. My boyfriend loves this hospital and this is where he takes his dogs so naturally when we moved in together I started taking my cat there. I just never get a good feeling when im here. They never explain what they are going to be doing to my animals and they would never even really take a look at them in front of me. Just in the back. What the hell are they doing back there that they cant explain or do in front of me. Ive found a new vet that I find far more exceptional.
5	Dr Diaz is awesome !!!!
4	My first experience at the place was having to put my 14 yr old rottie down, my gf and me brought him there to be with him his final few miuntes and the were going to charge us for being in the room (I forgot how much, but are you FREAKING kidding me!).  but they didn't and in fact the doctors and staff were so damn nice and understanding it made the whole situation "easier".Now with my new pound dog I took him there, because I like the doctor that help me months earlier.  Thats when I found out you don't see the same doctor every visit (which I found weird), then they take the dogs to the back..again weird...but now I understand the thinking. First off with my new 145 pound rottie he is a lover not a fighter, the worst thing he has every done was lick a person to much.   Majority of the vet's here that have dealt with him love him.  I don't learn the vet's names because it is RARE when I see the same one twice and I know they don't know mine or my dogs, no big deal.  but one one visit the male vet comes in and you could see the shear "terror" in his eyes when he saw my dog, he had a tough time walking the 5 ft to "introduce" himself to him, and when he finally took him in the back (for routine shots), he had the vet tech bring him back to put a muzzle on him.  I have been bringing him for 4yr to this hospital, had many differnet vets and never once did they ask for a muzzle on him.  Been back twice since then different doc and no need for a muzzle.  To that vet, I say:  You are in the wrong profession, if a large dog scares you.I like the place, docs are good, staff are as nice as one would expect and prices are good.
1	Having had the ultimate in vet care in California I was disaapointed when first coming to this office, but disappointment soon turned to something much more. For routine vaccines they are barely ok. The doctor swoops in for a half a minute,grabs the dogs,vet tech brings them back after their done. As diagnosticians they would get negative stars from me. My rottie who it turns out had bone cancer NOT arthritis and then my lab with a raging case of doggie hepatitis NOT indigestion, and mast cell tumors.They never call to check on the animals, they have too many office helpers and not enough customer/service.Don't expect anyne in this office to correctly diagnose or treat a sick animal!
4	I have been taking my dogs, Bentley and Porsche here for a couple of years. From the time I enter the office until I leave, I am very pleased. They see Dr Hines most of the time as I ask for the appointments to be with her.  I adore her and she really makes my dogs feel comfortable and safe. Any vet that will come into the exam room and sit on the floor with your dog is priceless in my book!  She truly loves what she does. The staff is as good as they get.  Oh, and then there is Jen, one of the vet techs. Bentley adores her!  Sue E.
2	We do use this vet.  While I am torn about the service that they offer.  Routine items are fine, but anything further than that I have concerns.  As all say, they take your pet to the back then they are returned to you with little or no information.  The diagnostics at this practice is lacking. Not all pain is arthritis, not all itching is allergies.  We dealt with an itchy dog for over a year.  Being told it was seasonal allergies and food allergies in our dog.  After research and speaking to others we found out that it was a yeast infection and our dog was on the wrong type of food.  The food type that this vet told us to use caused the problem to increase and make our dog even sicker.  No testing just an assumption caused.  While some of the vets there are "nice", nice does not cut it when it comes to pets health.
5	Dr. Hines saved our chihuahua "Zeus" after he ingested pesticide. She is caring and thorough and always has time to answer our questions & concerns. Both our doggies have been seeing her since we got them as puppies. She is a wonderful lady and excellent vet.The whole team at Pebble Maryland is great.Tip: get VIP dog insurance for your pets...it will save you thousands.
4	Nice clean facility.  I have brought my 3 dogs in there for regular checkups and vaccinations. Never any major precedures (knock on wood). But the staff is always friendly and seem to truly like animals. I do find that sometimes I have to wait a while for the vet to see my dogs even when I make an appointment in advance.
1	People here are incompetent.  They claim I can't get a health certificate in the state of Nevada and fly my pet out from another state.  On top of that they apparently only take walkins.  I'll never bring my dog back here.
1	If I could rate this place zero stars I would. This place was decent before they did a Vet clean up. Dr. Schxneider was compassionate and ethical about her treatment and practices. She would never offer treatments that were useless or avoid treating just to make money like Dr. Diaz did. After she left Dr. Hines took over our pets' care and then, everything became about money. We took our 14 year old Shiba Inu to be put to sleep and they were so cheap that they didn't give him enough sedative. The procedure was botched and we heard him cry in agony. I wish NO ONE ever experiences this!! Please go to another clinic. Any other one. Even as we sat in the room waiting...in our last moments with him, the staff was instructed to keep asking about packages we'd like to purchase for his cremation. Please have some compassion and courtesy! Find a better clinic that is ethical and professional. The Craig Road Cemetary, which they partner with, was wonderful though! Never pushed anything on us and were very understanding.
5	Dr Wong saved my cat's life!  She admitted him immediately for Iv fluids andAntibiotics, after my 'regular vet' said he was fine-he wasnt! She still calls to check on him! Also I had hard time giving him his oral meds so I brought him back and they gave him his pills for me for no charge !
1	This place is awful. They are rough with animals, over charge you for everything it seems, charge you for unnecessary things, and just want money. My grandma and I boarded our two labs here for a week while we went on a vacation. We came back and one of our dogs was very sick we realized when we got home. The next day we took her to a different vet and they called this vet to ask about the boarding, and they hadn't fed her for two days! They did not notify us at all. They obviously did not take care of her. Her anus was also red like maybe she had bad diarrhea. They also did not notify us of anything. It was just awful service. Save you and your pet time and money and go to a different vet. I highly recommend the one on eastern and sunset.
5	Dr. Diaz is amazing!  I have been taking all my animals to this pet hospital for nearly 10 years.  They helped me take care of my 18 year old cat and were so kind and compassionate to my two labradors.  I now have an asthmatic cat that sees Dr. Diaz once a month for treatment and he is doing great. Their rates are excellent and I always know exactly what the charges will be before my pets receive treatment.  I cannot recommend Dr. Diaz enough!  I wish I could give this vet 10 stars!
5	Dr. Diaz has cared for 5 of our dogs over the years.  We have been going to Pebble Road Maryland Pkwy Animal Hospital since it opened.  It used to be very close to our house but we continued to go to Dr. Diaz after we moved further away.  Dr. Diaz is very caring with our dogs.  He tells us what should be done and what he would not worry about.  We are always provided with a quote for services prior to our approval to provide the care.  He knows our hairy family members and we feel very comfortable that he is managing their care.  Dr. Diaz has helped our dogs get through many illnesses, surgeries, and when the time has come, to euthanize and make cremation arrangements.  Sharon and Laura know all the patients and are extremely helpful and efficient.  I would not hesitate recommending Dr. Diaz and Pebble Road Maryland Parkway Animal Hospital for veterinary care.
5	I have taken my dog hunter Since he's been a puppy now he's 3 but i love all the doctors there, they explain thinks in a way  you understand, hunter has allergies so is important to keep inform.......they are all great
1	As a person that works with customer I will never understand how someone in the front desk can treat a client so poorly. On Saturday I left a fecal sample for my puppy and they told me the results will be ready in 24 hours. Tuesday (72 hours after) I called them and asked if the results were ready. They told me yes and that I had to pick up the medicine for my puppy. I went today to pick up the medicine  and the girl in the front desk barely wanted to talk to us. I asked politely if she could look into my puppy's file because I was told I had to pick up her medicine. She couldn't find anything on the puppy so she asked if we wanted her to call the lab. I said "Yes please" and she responded with a huge sigh in disgust and upset that she had to do work. Not only that she was extremely rude to her co-worker that was just asking her a simple question. If I'm not mistaken she said her name was Ashley.I will not be returning to this office. If someone can act like that in my face, who knows what they can to my puppy when they take her back.
5	Well again am a happy girl with my vet office Hunter needed a dental they have such a great price I current say no it was simple, they call to keep me posted they were amazing
5	I would highly recommend Pebble Maryland Animal Hospital.  Thanks PMAH for taking such great care of our babies! We can not thank you enough for the amazing care you provided for our Mia over the yrs and now our Sophia, Tonka and Rocky.  The medical expertise and quality of care our dogs receive has been life saving.  Dr. Diaz and Dr. Hines always take the time to find out why we are there and answer our questions. They are prompt with calling us back for questions and reporting lab results after hours and on weekends.The facility offers boarding, grooming, 24 emergency care as well as having very accommodating hours.  I can always get an appointment with one of my favorites so it does not feel like I am on a merry go round of vets.  I like that they have a technician on site overnight so if there was ever an issue while boarding or after surgery it can be handled.  They always have a doctor on call and the messenger service is easy to work with. The front desk staff are very helpful and nice to work with and the vet techs in the back and boarding staff take great care of our babies. Thank You for taking such good care of our dogs,
5	The vets here really care about your animals! I have taken my dog and cat in at different times and seen 2 different doctors.  Both of them took the time to look at the issues my pets were having as well as doing a full physical and checking the whole animal out.  They both showed compassion for my animals and helped give me the right medicine to get them better.  I will definitely be back with my other animals!!
5	I switched to this animal hospital a year ago and I LOVE it!! My dog always seems happy to go to see Dr Diaz. When we went to a different animal hospital she seemed scared so it's such a relief she is in good hands.
1	If you care about your pets health please don't bring them to this unprofessional place.  My daughter's grandmother took our little dog to this place because we found worms in her stool.  She brought a sample of her stool so they can check it, the doctor who saw our dog, I believe it was Dr. Diaz, said that it's definitely worms and prescribed a medication to deworm her.  The doctor also said he would send the sample of her stool to the lab to find out what type of parasite it is.  My sister gets a call to her house the next day and they said that my dogs  lab results came back negative for worms.  How could that be, the doctor himself said she had worms.  They charged me for the lab work that was suppose to be to find out what type of parasite she has since there is more then one type.  I called them to ask why I was given a result for a lab work that was not suppose to be done on her.  We all knew she had worms, all we needed to know is what type of worm it was.  The receptionist told me that they will contact the doctor and call me back.  I never did get a call back so I called them back myself.  Then they said that the doctor is at a seminar that they will contact me when he gets back, I said ok that's fine as long as I actually do get a call back.  So I finally get a call back and they tell me that the doctor will need us to bring in a stool sample so they can send it over to the lab but there won't be a charge since I already paid.  Of course I shouldn't get charged again it was their mistake not mine.  I was advised to just get my money back for the lab work since they send it in wrong.  My little dog already took the medication which was only 2 doses for 2 days, so she doesn't have worms in her stool anymore therefore the lab work they want to send will probably be negative.  I requested a refund because there is no point to do the lab work on her stool since she finish her medication the worms are gone  The lady that answered my call argued with me that either way I still had to pay for the lab work even if they send it in to see what type of parasite she had.  This lady wasn't making sense, first she said they were going to send her stool to be tested for what type of parasite it is but then she goes on saying that they send it to get tested for worms right after I requested a refund.  I argued with this woman because she made no sense and was unprofessional.  She wouldn't get it in her head that my dog was suppose to get tested for what type of worms she had not if she did have worms so there is not point to test her now since the worms are dead.  A place where professional people work at would acknowledge their mistake and refund their customers for the inconvenience but this place they just argue with you while not making any sense.  Also I want everyone to know that it's not the first time they had made mistakes, my niece brought her dog in to get an ultra sound to see if she was pregnant.  The doctor said no they don't see anything so she is not pregnant.  Two months after the dog gives birth to a puppy.  My niece was charged $100 for this and when I let the receptionist know all she said was "I can't do anything for your niece" .  I'm warning everyone to not bring your loving pets to this place unless you want to risk the chance of getting incorrect information on your pets health.
1	This is the worst experience I had with a vet.I have been going there for over a year and today I learned I have to travel tomorrow because an emergency.  I went to the vet for a good health certificate and they were not willing to help me.  They said the doctor that last saw my puppy was off, and no other doctor can do it.  No one deserves that treatment, they only care about money and not about pets or customers, if if was possible I would rate minus ten!Thank God, Tropicana Animal Hospital was willing to help me, they made the necessary exams to my puppy, even tough I have not been there in a long time.I'm really disappointed in this Hospital, please DO NOT TAKE YOUR PETS here.
5	We had our nails trim today. Very caring staffs. We are glad that they are open on Sundays to take care business. Thank you.
2	I bring in my pup for its 2nd set of shots since the breeder took them for the first set. The facility looked nice. Laura at the front desk was very nice and helpful. She put us in a room while we waited for the Vet to come in. The Vet also was very nice and helpful about what shots they required and after all that. The Vet picks up my dog and dissappears into another room and comes back some mins after and says ok she's done. The only thing the Vet did was talk to us. I don't know what happened to my dog on the other side of that door but what they said they did. I'm originally from California and I've had many dogs that we've brought to our local vet there and never have they picked up my dog from the exam room , take him to another room , come back and say "tada! She's done!" They performed everything in front of my own eyes. I will not be coming back here again. Nice doesn't mean anything if you don't know what they did to your dog .
4	Never had any bad experiences here. They hook up my poor neurotic pit bull with her doggie anxiety pills so road trips are tolerable for everyone.
5	Recently got a french bulldog for my son , and the puppy needed his 12 week shots so a friend of mine told me that she took her babies here and it's near my house so I decided to take leo here , I've only been here once and I will be back in a week for his 16 week shots . But my first experience was great ! They loved my puppy which was awesome , they pampered him , answered all of our questions . It was very clean in there , the staff was very helpful . Will definitely be using this as my puppy's vet.
5	I have been taking my two babies here for years, best docs, best staff, wouldn't trust anyone else!
5	I've had to put down three of our three cats in the last year, the last one today.  One who we gave blood tests to first.  The doctors here are seriously top notch.  The office personnel are very professional, although a bit procedural rather than friendly.  But the doctors always go above and beyond, making personal phone calls for example.  Today I put our last cat down and the doctor was very sympathetic and caring.  You really can't ask for a better place.
1	Do not go do not go.  Staff was slow and not caring.  When I express question and concerns at the end the vet threw her hands in the air and walk away and made it like is was my fault.  Again don't go
2	First thing I want to mention is that I would have given them a 4 or 5 star rating if they didn't guilt my boyfriend into taking something from them that we didn't need and refused to let us return it.My boyfriend and I took my family dog to this place. It was a walk in, the vet was nice, and I thought the fee for a consultation was reasonable, if not even cheap (my family moved to Las Vegas from New Jersey, where the costs are much higher). I listed myself as the primary owner and my mom as the secondary owner. I want to make it clear that even though my boyfriend went with me, he is not the owner. My dog needed a surgery and my mom went over all the procedures and items she wanted on the estimate. She crossed out the items (such as a cone because we said we will watch my dog closely) and procedures (such as lab tests) she thought were not necessary. We wanted to pick up my dog once he woke up from the anesthesia, but both my mom and I were at work and the only person available was my dog. I got the phone call from the hospital and told them my boyfriend would be picking up my dog. I gave them his full name and they told me he needed to bring his I.D.The problem was when he went to pick up my dog. Like I mentioned earlier, my mom crossed off a cone from the estimate. She signed it saying we do not want it. They were okay with that when my mom made it clear that's what we wanted. However, when my boyfriend went, the technician (?) told him that my dog NEEDS a cone. They even brought out the vet (from what my boyfriend told me) to tell him that my dog can't be taken home unless he gets a cone and that if my dog gets an infection because he doesn't wear a cone, he might need another surgery. They convinced him to take the cone and a few weeks later, they sent me a bill. Since we never even put the cone on my dog, I just took it back with the bill saying I want to refund it. However, they claimed that since we took it, it cannot be refunded. I explained what happened, and they were able to find the estimate that my mom signed. They still said it cannot be taken back because even though we made it clear we didn't want it, since my boyfriend took it, we needed to pay for it. Did I mention that my boyfriend is NOT the owner? He is not listed as the owner and since the OWNER made the decision about what would be best for the dog, they never should have guilted him into taking it. By the way, the surgery came out not too expensive because we took things off the estimate that weren't necessary. At least not necessary for us. My dog is healthy and happy right now. But the way they do the business makes me believe that they are capable of charging much more for things that aren't needed. The stupid cone that made me upset? It was $12.97. We were happy about paying $900 for a surgery but a cone made me rethink about this place and give it 2 stars.
5	Took our cat Salem for his 5 day check up. We adopted him from the Lied animal shelter. Everyone was professional and we were in and out the same morning I called. This will be our new Vet!!
4	Open on a Sunday. Accepted walkins. Very accommodating. I was more scared than Luna. Dr Sibley and Chris loved on her. Kendra welcomed us. I didn't know what to expect since this was my first ever vet appt with my very first pet. Examination and shots were done on the floor where Luna was most comfortable. Didn't even need the table. Shots were a breeze. Very affordable for the reboosters. Will return to give the fecal. Four stars- no treat after the shots? Guess I should've brought my own
5	I have been taking my 2 dogs here over 2 years. My dogs go for checkups and vaccines. I always call in advance and there is no to little wait Everybody is always  very kind and friendly. The price is just right they don't try to rip you off. I highly recommend it for everyone.
