4	We need a good indoor range out in the east valley - I'll update the review when they open but this is much desired. Can't wait! :)
4	Nice brand new 10-lane range, in a great location on the far east side of the valley.  Like I said, new... everything is new.  I was disappointed however it is only 10 lanes as the building is much larger and during construction was deceiving as I thought the whole building was going to be the range, but as it turns out it's only about a 1/4 of the building.The store front is average size, but not nearly as big as some of the bigger popular ranges/clubs out here in 'zona.  Seem to have a lot of pistols but very light on any rifles.Range rules.... fairly standard stuff here...  They DO NOT ALLOW .308 rifles and if you're not a member, you cannot fire a shotgun - which really sucks, but she (one of the owners) explained to me the reasoning behind that rule as a non-member fired unauthorized bird shot after being advised not to and it damaged the lanes.  So because of one guy.... you know...  But 5.56 and 7.62 is okay.  Oh and no double-tapping... that's standard stuff tho.Ammo there seems fairly priced for a range so that's good.  They have targets but you CAN bring in your own, which is nice but the kicker there is it can't be any of the gimmick targets, like osama or whatever.   I've never understood why, but other ranges do that too - perhaps it's a legal thing? idk.Range is pretty well lit, but I had trouble knowing how far my target was at, unless I missed some markings.   So all my shots and dialing in a newly built AR was fun were at an undefined distance.  Visually I have an idea of the measurements but I'd like some lane markings or have the control box stop at given intervals.The owners were very accommodating and friendly as we started a new 'gun club' of sorts at a tech/geek coworking space.  We had some experience people and some absolute beginners there and they worked well with us on cost and getting the noobs outfitted with ears/eyes and making sure they felt safe and secure.It's good to have a range out this far east - I just hope it doesn't get TOO busy that it's hard to get a lane.  But I hope they get busy enough to make money and stay open, and possibly expand.Go check them out!
4	This shooting range is close to my house and the staff is very friendly. The prices for the lanes are really good. I usually have eyes, ears, guns and ammo so I'm not sure about the rentals. They don't let you use shotguns unless you're a member.
5	I haven't been to the range yet, but have called several times for information about ammunition (Brass vs Steel) and gun cleaning.Each time I call, the woman that I spoke to was super helpful, very friendly, and eager to assist. I will definitely be stopping in to check out their gun shop when I'm in the market for a pistol.
3	Nice shooting range with multiple 25 yard lanes.  Prices are reasonable, and locals occasionally get coupons for discounted lane rentals.  The shop sells pistols and rifles but are not gun smiths so they don't site weapons, replace sites, etc.  The shop does offer CCW courses, and rent guns for shooting although you must buy ammunition from the shop, at somewhat elevated prices, to use one of their guns.Weekdays are not busy, although there are more people in the afternoon.  I also went on a Saturday morning and had to wait about 35 minutes for a lane.
5	Nice people. The range has air conditioning. Probably heat in the winter. They also supply tape for your targets. I go every chance I get.
4	Good range. On the small side, but clean and new. The staff is all pretty nice, although 1 or 2 of them will have their super cool utility belt with extra mags and handcuffs and whatnot while working. I mean, I'm all for guns and self defense and all that, but really? lol. They provide discounts for police/fire/ems/military.
4	Customer service was great. Greeted with a smile. Everyone was polite. I was kind of taken back by this. Not used to smiles behind the gun counter. The store front is small. Products are limited. Use this place to shoot. The range:Overall good. A little dark behind the lanes, but it's fairly well lit over the firing line.  It does get busy. Counter is a little low. Edit: lane 10 is apparently for wheelchair accessibility. Awesome! Being a disabled person (not wheelchair though) I can appreciate this. I love that they use tape and not clips for targets. Easier for me. Hope this doesn't change. Been here twice same experiences.  Everyone is super friendly and eager to answer any questions I had.I will be going to this place again.My only gripe is that to get to lane 9 or 10 i need to walk across all the lanes littered with casings on the floor.  I'm disabled and every step needs to be sure and solid.  takes me a while to walk because im so careful not to step on a casing and slip. But there's nothing they can do about this short of changing the layout of the entire range.  Don't expect them to do that.  Oh well.
4	I bought a Living Social deal for them and went the other week. It was a great deal and very friendly people. We got to try out one of their 9mm with a box of rounds, two targets, and a lane for an hour for $40. We brought our hand guns and they allow riffles like our AR-15.
3	Clean shop with friendly staff.You are not allowed to shoot certain types of firearms there unless you are a member (Class-3 & shotguns, for example) -  The person I spoke to about this could not explain "why" they had this rule.
4	Went shooting w/ my son on 7/5/12/  A little out of the way for me as I live in Mesa, but a very nice overall experience. Front end is small and inventory to match, but the range is air conditioned, as opposed to swamp cooled like the other E. valley place.That alone will make it my place to shoot in the summer months. Staff was very friendly Good overall experience.  Haven't used sales or gunsmith yet.
