5	Me like fire!Walked into a beach in February! Ukes playing, all my Yelp buddies in one place and Risa's shining face at the door. The cocktail on special was spectacular and mixed to perfection. What a well organized and fun party!The tiki theme had everyone in a happy and hopeful mood and pining for somewhere much, much warmer than the deepfreeze that is Montreal. The only negative: some people thinking that they could just saunter up to the bar and take someones freshly made drink that they had waited patiently for for 5 minutes..don't take a sip and then ask "oh, was this yours?": RUDE; manners people!The fire show at the end was spectacular and super fun: the temperature coming off of those bottles made me feel warmer than I have since October, no joke!!
5	Don't forget your sunglasses !Another great event, Feeling like summer !Welcomed with free sunglasses (yaaaaay) sangria, charcuterie, and, as always, nice people.You can add to this some great free "tattoos" by the team of Skin Jackin' (thanks guys, for the silex on the beach) I got YELPED by the cocktail made by the nice staff of Le Lab, who also like to play with fire (great show guys)Everyday passing by, I love Montreal more and more, thanks to the people here, and thanks to Yelp, you guys ROCK
5	A truly warm welcome to the event from Risa, a sangria to warm us up even more and beach party music and lovely people to heat it up even further and then, free tattoos from Skin Jackin'! (I love my fishy pun, can't wait to show the pics around.) Leis hanging everywhere and orchids in the punch. Summer? You listening to us Yelpers?
5	What a great way to end back up at Le Lab this sunny warm February in Montreal (haha). But no seriously, it's great to come back 'round and enjoy another fab event night at Le Lab with a bunch of awesome people, awesome drinks, and nibbles!A bit of the ukelele and some breezy music to go with our umbrella'd drinks and some great swag from Sailor Jerry! The thing that people should know about these events: Not only will you have a good time but you'll get to meet some pretty fab people from the Montreal Yelp Community. Good stuff as usual from her Yelpness, Risa D.
5	Wow, what can I say... With the great drinks, the music, the wonderful yelpers present and the charming painters, this is as good as it gets.
5	More! Give me MORE!Wow! What a great night. Everyone was friendly and inviting to the two guests I brought, we have a ball of our time with Skin Jackin' and some new yelpers. Big ups to the free swag, I have now added sunglasses to my collection. For those of you who didn't grace us with your presence, you missed punch, tasty drinks, fire flaring from the great staff of Le Lab (who were super friendly!) and some tasty charcuterie snacks to go with playing cards (thanks to Sailor Jerry!).A special note of thanks to Risa for her wonderful work. She made the effort to pass through the crowd and connect with as many of the guests as possible and showed my friends why I was blabbing about this whole Yelp thing.
5	I was thrilled when I saw that the next elite event was at my hands-down favorite bar in Montreal. While I enjoyed the tiki island ambiance and chatting with fellow yelpers, my single biggest regret was missing the ukulele performance. I guess my buddy's traffic ticket cost more than a fine :(Still, I couldn't imagine a better cap on a crummy day than a custom crafted Yelp drink (I should've snapped the recipe) and a pyro flair bartending performance. The rum in the signature "Yelp Me!" drink was "Sailor Jerry"; one I've never seen on the shelves of the SAQ. It was awesome. I assume it's Quebec distilled since the rum's promo CD I grabbed on the way out was pretty much French Dropkick Murphy.Overall, I would consider the event another success. The location alone had initially won me over but it was the little surprises on the way that differentiated the event as a Yelp one. Hats off, once again, to Risa and Katherine.
5	First time at Le Lab! I pass this place twice a week and never knew of it until the event. Great atmosphere to come hang out with a few friends, with some of the best cocktails in the country. At the end of the night, the bartenders put on a show by juggling bottles light on fire. Definitely recommend checking out Le Lab on a Thursday night around 10:00
