4	Both of my daughters take dance lessons here at Fern Adair and they both love their classes.  My older daughter, 7, takes jazz and an advanced ballet/tap combo class.  She is always excited to go and has shown noticable improvement since she started about a year and a half ago.  My younger daughter, 3, takes a mommy and me class that she loves and asks, "Is it dance class today?" nearly every day.  At times, I will go and watch some of the older kids there dance. They have classes that are quite advanced and it is obvioius that some of these kids are going to be dancing as their profession. There are often auditions for broadway type shows occurring and the end of year production is first rate.  Teachers are very knowledgeable, keep things on track, and are kind.  The administration area has plenty of seating for waiting parents which is not something that can be said for other dance studios in this area.  They also have dance shoes and clothing for sale at reasonable prices.  We really like this place and I feel fortunate to have found it.
5	A great place! They have lots of different types of classes..not just for kids either. Very reasonable pricing and plenty of places too sit and wait for you child. Zumba is great here!! Diana Herrera is a awesome instructor...the best!!!! I wouldn't go anywhere else. She is energetic, motivates and most of all she makes it so much fun. Such a great place!
1	RIP OFF! They took my money for a performance DVD of my daughter and we never got it or a refund. No one ever bothered to return any of my calls about it. My niece also took classes there and left to go to Dance Fusion. Fern only cares about her money and will threaten parents in front of their kids if they don't pay tuition on time. Parents BEWARE.
5	This studio is wonderful to work with!  They have classes for ages 2 through 102 - Aerobic, Aerial, Dance, Gymnastics, Martial Arts - And of course their specialty: DANCE!! Ballet, Jazz, Hip Hop, Contemporary,  Zumba, SO MUCH MORE!! The studio has been here long enough that generations of families have enjoyed the facilities and it has enriched our lives!  The end of year performances are amazing.  I recommend  anyone who is looking for a dedicated staff give Fern Adair Conservatory of the Arts a whirl!  ..see what I did there?
