1	Disappointed. Diner food. Very average. Too expensive for what you get. So many other options, kind of embarrassed for them! And yes, hollandaise did have a film. Are the plates reheated because they're per-prepared or is it done on purpose??? I don't know but will not eat there again. And as an Italian, bocconcini have no place on a breakfast plate. And the tomatoes used for the salad were old and grainy. Yuck!! (most dishes comeWith the side of tomato and bocconcini). The vinaigrette made is particularly bizarre....
2	Food is actually have decent. Not bad at all. I really enjoyed the potatoes. But the service was horrible!! Took forever to get a waitress to come over and take down the order. Not to mention getting charged 2.95$ for 3 asparagus... I wouldn't go back.
4	I'm not sure where you go for brunch if you live in the plateau.  When I lived there, this was the best brunch I had found and I dragged my friends out here at least a half dozen times.
5	I loved it here so much I've been here twice in ten days!B E N E D I C T (with Bacon in Bechamel Sauce):4 out of 5 times most brunch places I've been to over cook my eggs especially when poached. I like mine oozy with yolky goodness. As busy as this place is on the weekend, I just expected overdone eggs. When I pierced my oeufs with my fork, the yolk dribbled out, and I was Perdu heaven taking a bite with the creamy sauce. The potatoes are well done and chopped in thick blocks which I had never seen before. E G G S (with sausage, ham, bacon and cretons):It's a meat party for breakfast! Probably didn't need ALL of that but I had to try em all. The golden ham was hands down the best! I don't know what they do to them, but they quenched my savory thirst. Of course, I had to test em on the eggs again and they pleased me again!! The waitresses are attentive, nice and patient with my beginner French - especially Rosalie! Noticed they also had these funky art pieces on the wall for sale! What an innovative way to collaborate and support the local community.  The owner of this bustling brunch spot cooked up a charming cafe offering classic brunch served by upbeat, friendly staff!
4	Before Au Pain Perdu, I wasn't a fan of eating out for breakfast. I ordered the le gros t'ouef (2 eggs, bacon, ham, sausage, potatoes, beans and fruits), and it blew my mind. My taste buds died and went to heaven. Yea, that's how much I loved it. Even though they forgot my ham and beans I couldn't even be annoyed because the food was distracting me. Coffee was good, and staff was friendly. I'd give it the full 5 stars (gladly) for its food and ambiance, but the entrance/waiting area is awful. I mean, there isn't one. You walk in the door and you're standing and blocking the path to the exit/entrance and the upstairs which is so inconvenient because people are coming and going non stop, including staff who are carrying lots of food up the stairs.
3	Cute little place in the plateau. The food and people were nice. Like others said, a bit overpriced for what you get. They make their own specialty jams and they taste great!
3	Usually go there for the pulled ham.. very disappointed for the second time either because of the quantity or because the cooking was not done properly even the staff didn't seemed to know what the problem was. Odd. I'll give it one more try because the restaurant is definitely a good one in MTL for Bfast and hopefully they'll keep it up to standards!
4	A relatively undiscovered gem right off of Mont Royal with a strong focus on brunch. They're typical breakfast plates (full English, Benedict, omelettes) are well above  average, while their signature dishes (fruit gaspacho an their namesake, Pain Perdu) are out of this world delicious. Really friendly environment with exceptional service, Au Pain Perdu is definitely a top choice for weekend dining.
4	Good spot for breakfast. We tried the Pain Perdu, eggs Benedict w Hollandaise, crepes w pear and semi sweet chocolate, among other items. Overall. Pretty good. Liked the orange juice too.
3	This place was pretty good. We were seated upstairs and the area is cute, if a tad cramped. The service is decent, they  are attentive enough to get your order and bring your food. They were a little hard to find when time to pay, but not too bad. The portions are slightly large, but not enough to make you feel sick, should you decide to finish your plate. The eggs were quite good, and the price is fair. All in all, not a bad place to have brunch!
