1	I've been to Sun Devil Stadium four times. One was for the USC/ASU game two years ago, the recent CAL/ASU game and two AZ Cardinal Games prior to them moving to Glendale. It's by far the worst run stadium I've ever been to.  For the Cardinal games, they ran out of beer in the 2nd quarter both times. I'm still surprised that they actually had Super Bowls in this pathetic stadium. For the ASU/USC game, we were down a couple touchdowns and ASU fans were cocky as hell thinking they were going to upset USC. Sam Keller bowing to the crowd at half time showed me to have little respect for scum devils. Low and behold, ASU flames out and USC rolls in the second half behind Leinart and Bush.  I was at the ASU/Cal game last weekend because my co-worker is a ASU alum and had an extra ticket. I will admit ASU was the better team, but that's not saying much against a much-maligned CAL team that has now lost 3 straight games.  I love how the AZ Republic called it a "Statement Win." You're #4 in the BCS and you beat a team having lost 3 games in a row and that's your statement win? Are you kidding me. My co-worker even was embarassed to admit that.  What's more pathetic was the fact the students rushed the field. You're #4 in the BCS and you beat a team you should have beaten..and you rush the field?!!! Another sign of a marginal program. By the way, my co-worker agrees with me on that one as well. I find it funny that all the ASU fans (ie. Pierre Trudeau) are high on themselves because they are actually relevant. I guess ASU gets to have some glory every 10 years. Every marginal athletic program has it's day. I am sure they'll find a way to mess it up this year.
5	Um home of the Devils = awesome!We get rowdy and loud and we have fireworks AND Sparky doin pushups, which soo many others have copied btw.  Home to an American Hero Pat Tillman.Sun Devil stadium rocks - nuff said.
5	Sun Devil Stadium exemplifies the scabrous spirit of major college football.  Hugged by treacherous buttes and capped by an unfriendly sun, the stadium promotes one of the most overstated home-field advantages nation wide.  Unfortunately, this is pretty much where it ends.  The advantage, I mean.  While the gold-fit student section can get raucous and humorously nasty to visitors (I know -- I used to drink 40ozs in there -- hey it was college *shrug*), the donators, alumni, tee-shirt fans, and casual observers make for an embarrassingly flat atmosphere.  Sure, during the big games, there's all that standing and cheering, and drinking and  ... but EVERY game in the PAC is important when we're discussing Rose Bowl implications.Still, this review should be more about the stadium itself, and the glory that she adds to the history of the game.  I'm delighted to say that she's aged perfectly, and truly has the best sightlines of any college stadium I've been.  It was a sad day when the cozy confines of SDS lost the Fiesta Bowl to the money-crapping machine over in Glendale.  College football needs to persist in environments like these, where amenities beyond a flask and an aluminum seat are unnecessary.  The concourses are still breezy and wide and getting around the stadium is very easy.  I'd like to see the concession lines shorten a bit by actually employing slightly competent service workers.  But that is a minor flaw.  I'm only here for 3 hours, 6 days a year at maximum, anyway.I hope SDS never comes down.  It won't.  College football is a different animal, supported by a different kind of sports fan.  Even the demented minds behind Valley planning can't muck this place up.
3	I saw the Fiesta Bowl here.  Very large stadium.  The seating is actually more comfortable and easier to get to than the 2 other Pac-10 stadiums I've been to (The Rose Bowl and The Coliseum).  And for a big game, it wasn't too crazy getting there or parking.It is actually a pretty nice place to watch a game.  And with a big crowd, it can be pretty exciting.
4	Sun Devil Stadium is the first "big" college football stadium I had ever been to, so keep that in mind through my review - I dont have an equal playing field (excuse the pun) to compare to. Likes:Great fan base at each game- love to see the crowd decked out in goldTailgating- seriously, how fun is this? :) Location-in the middle of Mill Ave area; lots to do before/after gameDislikes:No beer - silly college games :) Bleacher seating- I like a good backrest & armrestI've had a really good time going to games last season, which prompted me to be a season ticket holder this season. Go Devils :)
4	1) I'm a little surprised for a school the size of ASU this place has as few reviews as it does. 2) I'm shocked that the FTR Sun Devil Stadium was a fellow Golden Bear (I was at that game as well)!!! I actually have quite a history with Sun Devil Stadium. My dad is a proud ASU alum so growing up I regularly went to two or three ASU football games each season. I even worked concessions there my freshman year in high school, which happened to be the year the Super Bowl was played here as well as the Nebraska/Florida national championship game. Since 2003 the only times I've been to this stadium is when Cal comes in to play ASU in football, and although this is still a great stadium IMO (I've been to 8 of the 10 Pac-10 stadiums and this is one of my favorites) it's definitely lost a bit of its luster and could benefit from a face-lift. It's picturesque for sure (I know that ASU likes to promote the fact that it's "the only college stadium situated between two mountains") and pretty easy to enter and exit (you might not think this is a big deal but try going to Memorial Stadium in Berkeley). The last couple times I've been here I've pretty much came to the game as it was starting and stayed in my seat the whole time except for pee breaks (bathroom lines aren't that bad...say you what you want about "trough" style urinals in the mens room, but they keep the line moving!) so I'm not sure what they've done with concessions. But from what I remember in the past, they do have more than your typical hot dog and pretzel stands. I think they have local vendors as well selling shaved ice, flavored lemonades, and "gourmet" popcorns. You don't find these kinds of concessions at all college stadiums, so the variety is nice. The aluminum seats can be horrible when it's hot (luckily my last couple times here I've experienced nice weather) & the student section can get obnoxious (and no ASU students you shouldn't take that as a compliment...the "insults" (if you can even call them that) are so juvenile, and definitely go along with ASU's image as a university that doesn't produce the sharpest tools in the shed. All in all, however this is still a great stadium to watch college football!!! I look forward to coming back the next time my Golden Bears come in and stomp all over the Devils. Come on ASU fans, even YOU have to admit things are looking pretty grim for you right now...
4	One of the classic stadium destinations in college football. Since I was here for an event, not a game, I can't really comment on the sightlines or seating. However, it is one of the few recognizable sights: situated between two mountains, panoramic shots of the stadium will be frequently shown on TV and the stadium is easily visible entering Phoenix airspace. Since it's only a few miles from the airport, you get a nice close-up on approach.Although they have apparent pay lots, event parking here was free which I greatly appreciated. As a bonus, there are a few different ways in and out of the area, so there wasn't much of a traffic jam after the event.
3	Tailgating here is something else altogether, but if you are doing ANYTHING near ASU, then you already know about the party scene. Let us get to the stadium proper... This place is huge. Standing down on the field and looking up towards that blue Arizona sky will give you a little perspective on just how massive this place is. Sandwiched between two mountains, it's easy to get lost in your surroundings. The only bone I have to pick is with the fact the bathrooms are like finding water in the desert. I was expecting a stadium of this size to have numerous bathrooms, but I had to do more then a little searching to locate one. If you are looking to catch a college football game and get the "big stadium" experience, Sun Devil Stadium is a pretty good place to start.
3	I've been here for a few ASU games and one Arizona Cardnials (washington Redskins) game when they played here but the most recent game I saw here was IOWA STATE vs Minnesota in the Insight.com bowl Dec 31st 2009 NYE, what a great time to have a bowl game here! The stadium is inbetween the campus and Mill ave. with "A " mountian behind the stadium. There was 45,090 people at the game and they were saying there was 8 ISU fans to Minnesota's 1.  The stadium has not really changed over the years and is still a very nice college stadium and a good one to have bowl games in because the weather is almost always great in Tempe, Az. The Iowa State Cyclones beat Minnesota 14-13 in a very good game! I would love to see Iowa State in the fiesta bowl here or in the Nat'l title game either would be good with me haha. Overall if I'm in the area and there was any game there I would prolly go to it, not because the stadium.
4	ASU is deciding what to do with Sun Devil Stadium It will take $70-$100m to refurbish. GREAT venue but NOT up to modern day standards. TOUGH on Senior citizens.  Concessions are overpriced...tailgate before the ballgame.
4	This might be funny to some of you, but I never seen a Sun Devil game here. I was lucky to catch a few of the old USFL Arizona Wranglers or Arizona Outlaws games. It was a lot of fun, and I can only imagine how great it would be in a college atmosphere!!
3	Ah college football. Students, America's favorite pasttime, and beer. Wait, no beer? WHAT? ASU is a "dry campus" like many others so they do not actually sell liquor inside the stadium. Instead, you see a massive amount of students leave the game at halftime to go get their drink on. The student section pretty much clears out as soon as the second quarter is over. My advice is NOT to drive here (unless you are going to tailgate of course) because University and Rural become a hot mess before and after game time.Also, invest in one of those thingies you can sit on, or else your bum is going to hurt once the game is over.Because I was one of the students to leave the stadium at halftime, (I had good reason, the World Series was on) I didn't get to try the food or anything here. But I probably will eat something here in the future.Oh and if you are an ASU student who plans to root for the other team, do yourself a favor and DON'T sit in the student section, because they just might make you cry.What's a football game without a tall, cold one though?
4	Watched USC defeat the Sun Devils here in 2009. Fight On Trojans!I like that it's built into the rock. I like that I was able to go in through the tunnel to see our team run onto the field. I like that the weather is nice in November. Thanks for a warm welcome, Tempe.
4	A GREAT show...THANK YOU ASU Marching Band !!
5	Originally I was going to give Sun Devil Stadium a 3-star, but as I gathered my thoughts, I decided to break my rule of not giving any other college football stadium a 5-star, but this was an extraordinary circumstances (Hurricane Katrina).  In addition, to this day, my buddy and I constantly rate this as our favorite LSU road game of all time, and we've been to almost all of the stadiums in the SEC and i've been to few Pac 10 stadiums when I lived in Cali.The game I attended was LSU vs Arizona St game in 2005.The game was originally supposed to be played in Tiger Stadium but was moved to Sun Devil Stadium the Monday before the game because LSU's basketball stadium, across the street from Tiger Stadium, was being used as a makeshift hospital in the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina.Officially the logistics of holding such a big event are not easily planned.  You have police needing to coordinate game day traffic, stadium security, concessions, volunteers to work the stadium, etc.  Given the time to get ready, 4 days, I think the staff at Sun Devil Stadium/Arizona State did an incredible job of hosting this game.  Not only that, they had volunteers collecting money for Hurricane relief.  Another plus feature of Sun Devil Stadium.  They painted the endzones to dedicate the state of Louisiana, they played LSU's pregame video, and they flew out The Golden Band from Tigerland.  To top it all off, Arizona St, donated the proceeds of the game for Hurricane Relief specifically towards student relief. The game ended up being decided late in the 4th qtr, a FG block return for a TD, a punt block return for a TD, and a 60+ yd bomb from JaMarcus Russell (bless his NFL career) on a 4th and 12 were the differences in the game.Best part of the trip though, Friday night in Tempe.  Friendly and HOTTTTTTTT coeds of Arizona State.  A lot of people think UGA girls are hot, but damnnnnnnnn Arizona State girls are tops in the US.  (I would have loved to attend the 2008 UGA vs ASU game in Tempe).That Friday night was easily Top 10 nights ever for my life.We were sad to find out that LSU/ASU postponed the series, and the fact LSU isn't scheduled to play in Tempe until the 2016 season, which would put me at 35 years of age.  Can't wait to do "The Creep", in Tempe, in 5 years ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tLPZmPaHme0 )
4	I started watching ASU games at Sun Devil Stadium back in high school -  back in the early 80s.  I've seen some of the greatest games in this stadium during Rose Bowl runs in the 80s and 90s (nothing compares to the site of goal posts marching down 5th Ave after OT win over USC) and Arizona Cardinals games.  I've also been to the Coliseum in Los Angeles for USC vs UCLA football games and here's my thoughts on Sun Devil Stadium...The stadium has evolved over the years but it's still the same classic venue it's always been, complete with bathtub urinals.  Everything's asphalt around the stadium and it's quite a hike to the upper deck seats or even the top of the lower deck seats, especially from 5th Ave., as the entire stadium is built on a pair of mountains.  C'mon, admit it!  It's one of the coolest placements of a stadium... ever!Worst thing about the stadium in my opinion is simply that it's outdoors.  It's crazy hot in the "fall" when ASU starts playing and it's frigid (to us Phoenicians) in the winter, especially after dark with a breeze blowing in the upper deck.  Brrrr!  Spoiled are we with indoor Dbax and Cardinals stadiums.This is certainly one of my favorite places to take my teen/preteen kids.  They find the stadium very interesting, though they always whine about the hike up to the stands.  College games are always a different experience than the pros. Very energetic crowds before during and after games.
5	What a fun few hours we had seeing the inside of the workings of the stadium. My son has a friend who works for the Sun Devils.  He showed us all around. the last time we were there visiting.   We saw where the players work out and the offices.  We saw lots of cool pictures of players, different helmets, and we even got to walk the tunnel where the players run to get onto the field.  You could almost hear the cheering once we got to the seats.  It was so much fun.  I knew my boys would love it but I did not expect to enjoy it as much as I did.  We visitied the Sun Devil gift store.  Oh so many things to buy.  We did ok but could have bought more.  Both boys went to school there and are still huge fans.  It was a very fun experience.  Go Sun Devils !  Go gold and Maroon!
5	I'm a Sun Devil I love frank Kush Field!
4	The dimensions of the stadium are well positioned so no one has a terrible seat in the house.  I like how the stadium is uphill, which makes it feel like you are climbing a mountain to go to the stadium.  It gives it a mystical feel.The stadium PA announcer encourages the energy from the crowd on plays like 3rd down.  It would be good if there was a constant message hyping up the fans.  When ASU was losing, there weren't many PA announcement to get the fans going.  This would be my biggest recommendation.
4	This stadium is pretty huge. Even in the sections higher up you can still see what's happening on the field. From where I was sitting I could hear the band, see the field and where the fireworks were being lit off. Not bad at all. It gets pretty crowded so to get through the crowds hold your friend's hand and weave in and out. You will save a bunch of time when getting out of the stadium. They don't serve beer, but you can bring in a bottle of water if you haven't opened it. Don't lose your ticket because it might be hard to remember where you were sitting. Or maybe that's just me. Oh one more thing, if you go to a day game, wear sunscreen and bring sunglasses! You'll thank me!
5	Great place to tailgate!
5	As long as the Devil's are winning, I'll be a happy camper.  I always just ride my bike here so that I dont have to deal with traffic.  Not really any 'bad' seats in the house.  Always a blast!  (Just wish they would stop hiking up ticket prices...)
3	...steel bleachers, no handrails, steep steps, and a terrible team almost every year?  I miss The Shoe.  Certainly there are worse places to see a game and I'll give them credit for the helpful crew who drive the elderly and handicapped up and down the hill, but all things being equal this place needs an update sometime sooner rather than later.
3	I really want to like this stadium, I do.  It's just that it's too outdated for me.  The food selection is limited.  But I think the worst part about it is the lack of vibe during tailgates.  Also, despite the huge size of the alumni base in Phoenix, they don't come out to support ASU.  When I attended the Oregon/ASU game this year, there were plenty of empty seats...!  How can this place be empty when ASU had only 1 loss at the Ducks were in the Top 5 in the country?Watching the Buffalo Wild Wings Bowl was pretty cool, too bad the stadium wasn't full.  I hope the new renovations they have planned spruce it up a bit.I do love College Football, so I'll definitely be back.  Return Factor - 90%
5	Mecca ...and I look forward to the pilgrimage from North Dakota every fall.
2	Overrated, just like your Sun Devils.  A large stadium full of bandwagon fans.
5	GO DEVILS! That's all that needs to be said right there!
1	Terrible sportsmanship towards visitors!! They will say anything to make you leave and they don't hesitate to get the sheriff and get you kicked out for no reason!! Unbelievable!!
5	~ * ~ Go Devils ~ * ~
4	I've been going to Sun Devil Stadium for 40 years and I love it. This is all about college football but more important Sun Devil Football. Yes I agree its old and some seats might be uncomfortable for non-football people. It's all about football. The food is okay not great but it's about the entertainment. I sit in the loge section which is in between the lower bowl and the upper bowl of the stadium. You have to pay a little extra for these seats but I take my mom and aunt. They're old and the nice part about the loge is there is an elevators for them to get to there seats. In the loge there is free soda, popcorn, peanuts, plus dinner and desert. Dinner is okay food which always consist of either hot dogs or brats and some sort of chicken sandwich or something. Desert is always cookies or brownies. Overall I love this place because it all about Sun Devil Football. For all those other people coming to root for the visitors. Your welcome but every stadium that you root for the visitor always gives you a hard time and that's just part of football. Go Devils!!!!!
2	This was my first time traveling to sun devil stadium for the Washington/ASU football game. The stadium is rundown, bathrooms are old, food could be a lot better. It costs a whopping $8 for a bag of kettle corn. It is also the most unsafest stadium in the PAC 12 in my opinion.There are not handrails at this stadium in the end zone seats. How do you expect my grandmother to make it up those stairs without falling? Awful
4	So you want to go to a stadium that sits on top of the field and stacks up vertically? Well my first trip here definitely made me feel like that was the case. This is an extremely unique and interesting facility.This place is built into the saddle between two hills on the edge of the ASU campus. I know as I walked around the entire area in armor. it was fun to traipse around and see what is going on out there. There is easy freeway access and a large bar scene to the southwest. I also enjoyed that they had a bunch of parking structures to help facilitate the crowds that may come to a few games here and there. The parking opens up between 5 and 7 hours before game time. Kinda crazy that you have to pay a bit extra for an early arrival but hey it is what it is. Not a huge amount of time IMHO either. I guess that is something that I find extra special about USC games. You can tailgate from 4 or 5am until whenever the game starts and after if you wish. Here that is not the same situation.The stadium itself is very tight. I havent sat int he stands so I dont know what the sight lines are like. I have been in the pressbox, admin building, visitor press area, and on the field. The stadium itself feels very close to the field, from the field. Pro Tip: They hand out mini programs as you go to your seats off of each aisle.The ingress and egress for the fans is very crowded. This is true especially for the lower levels around the field. Do not expect to be able to exit the stadium very quickly after a game. I have no idea how the upper levels enter or exit. The overall design is pretty kewl. However I wasnt too excited about the north end being on the field level and the southend being raised 15-20 feet over the field. Regardless, there is a lot to be impressed by with this stadium. I definitely like it much more than a place like UNLV, UNR, SJSU, etc. Hell I like it more than I like the Rosebowl as well. So yeah I would love to watch a game here and I would definitely enjoy heading back for another game or two.
4	Good stadium that can get really loud during good games. I have been to many college football stadium and you can't get much closer to the field than at Sun Devil Stadium. It is defiantly showing its age and needs some major upgrades or to be rebuilt. ASU says that it will happen soon. Hopefully they will do it right.
2	The stadium was pretty with it's views of downtown Phoenix and the skyline. I was not impressed with the ridiculous walk to my seats, the lack of people for a decently ranked team, the intense amounts of advertising (not subtle at all), and the lack of cheap parking anywhere at all. The shuttles are nice and all but the time I went, it was better to walk than wait. Also the fact that the shuttles weren't massed for the end of the game made me wonder why no one sticks around to watch the game.
3	So I attended the Buffalo Wind Wings bowl last Saturday and I have to tell you I really enjoyed the game despite Michigan Losing. However the stadium on the other hand was something to NOT be desired. First of all how the Arizona Cardinals played here for 18 seasons is beyond me.....I mean bleacher seats.....no handrails.....and small concourses.....absolutely ridiculous. I have been to many NFL....NHL....MLB and NBA stadiums across the country and this ranks near the bottom. Now for a college football game it wasn't terrible but because of the factors I mentioned earlier it definitely needs a face lift. I was also appalled at the fact that there was no HD scoreboard and video replay screen. I mean you don't need much money to improve that at the very least.....and for the money they are paying Todd Graham.....the ASU head coach....they should really be able to afford a better JUMBO TRON. Chances are I won't be back unless one of my favorite College football teams come out to the valley of the sun again but hopefully by then some improvements will have been made. Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!!!!
4	2nd Buffalo Wild Wings Bowl game, and I will be there again next year... Would have been even better if my Wolverines had one! 3rd row is great, seems as if any seat in this small stadium is a good one.
1	For review #666 I just had to review something along the lines of the devil theme and since I watched the U of A vs ASU football game last November here I figured a review of the stadium would do. First off, I am a Wildcat and so I'm honor bound to only give this place one star. However, putting that aside, my experience here warranted it. Sun Devil Stadium is pretty crappy and outdated. Everyone knows that. Their concession and bathroom facilities are stuck back in the 80s. Ditto for scoreboard and screen. But we had a really bad experience at that game. First off, we had to wait over 30 min just to get into the stadium since there is no organization at the entrance. Basically everyone just congregates in a big mob in the tailgating lot and the people in the back keep pushing against the people in the front until they all are squeezed thru the little turnstile. Not fun when most of the ASU fans are drunk slobbering idiots and you and your friends are all decked out in Wildcat gear. Second, a pipe had burst in the bathrooms in our section just prior to our arrival so we had to walk up the hill thru a river which the security guard later informed us was sewage leaking out of the busted pipe. Then while we were sitting at our seats the bench we were on abruptly broke, knocking us all off. I haven't been to many college stadiums but this one really is the bottom of the barrel. Surprising since ASU has such a large fan base and they also host bowl games. Sun Devil Stadium is in dire need of some updating!
3	I am a big college football fan and a long follower of ASU. This isn't as much a knock on SDS as it is the ticket sales department. Went to the Spring Game. Had a positive experience so I pondered finally making the leap to purchase season tickets for the first time.  I was given a pamphlet which had all the information needed, and which showed a very affordable ticket package as being available. So, a few days later, my wife and I call to see about purchasing. We are told we can pay a deposit to guarantee seats. We do so and are invited on a tour of SDS. The experience there was fantastic and further sold us on purchasing the tickets. We go to close the deal and say we wish to purchase the cheapest seats they had listed as being available in the phamplet. To our surprise, we are told the cheap seats we wanted are "sold out" and are instead promoted to sign up for a more expensive package. As we are driving home later that day,  we hear a commercial on 98.7 radio promoting purchase of ASU season tickets and that they are indeed available at the price we were informed were "sold out." After eventual pondering,  we decide to pass on season tickets because of this and call to cancel. As we do cancel,  we are informed that the deposit is "non refundable." This was not established to us when we placed it and it felt like all along the way, we were given a bit of a run around. Unfortunate things went down as they did because I am an ASU fan first and would have loved to start a tradition of taking my son to games live.  However being told something isn't available when it is as a method to land the higher sale and not being told about a deposit being non refundable are two facets that really had me reconsider getting season tickets this year and have me really questioning even giving consideration to doing so going forward.
4	Lot of memories from my days as an undergrad, sitting in the Student Section w/ my fellow Phi Sigs . . . the stadium has undergone a number of improvements over the years, and still remains a great place to watch Sun Devil football!! Cheers!RS
4	Nice Stadium. Fun to look at and great views. Love that it's built between the MTS, Easy in and out. Not far from the airport. It's a must see.
4	I know a girl who is an Arizona Sun Devil. I won't embarrass her by naming her, we'll just call her M. I met her when I played a concert in Phoenix once. She's really sweet, very self-obsessed, she constantly takes all kinds of naughty selfies and sends them probably to every man she knows (and likes). (Which is a lot). (Which is fine).She is married with kids, but looks about 15 years younger than she is. She is one of the most tanned girls I know. The term Sun Devil refers both to how tanned she is, and how bad she is when she frequently tries to persuade me to be her next affair.I will not be doing that. But I'm sure there are a few Arizona males (maybe females, what do I know), who were less morally scrupulous.I like that Phoenix has a Ted's Hot Dogs (Buffalo's finest), but my fave thing to eat in AZ has to be Carolina's, some amazing south western food right near downtown Phoenix. Try it!In any case, what does that have to do with the stadium?Well this stadium is full of stunning Arizona girls, and it's got a lot of character and atmosphere, and when the Tempe-rature goes up, so does the crowd volume. If it were owned by an evil mathematician it would be Sum Devil. If it were an adult movie with a greek theme it would be Bun Devil. And if it were my stadium, it would be Pun Devil.The Cardinals used to play here, which is why it is really named after the Devil, because in order to meet the devil, you must commit Cardinal Sin.
