1	poor service with dealer price, I went there for oil change and he charge as much as the dealer, and he said he would check the tires and aliment, but he didn't do any of that, I asked him would it cost for changing timing belt, and he said I had to leave the car there and he would give me the price after it was done, I really don't trust this guy, I would not recommended, and now the car drift to the side, I'm not sure what else he did.
5	Great service , attention to detait, expert knowledge. Go to the best!""  Dave B.
5	Been taking my car to Airpark Auto Clinic for several years.  My car is older.  Keep thinking the days are numbered for this car.  The owner offered to sell me a car for a reasonable price from his showroom when I am ready.  Everytime I ask if I should buy a new car, he's says "No, you still have lots of life in your car".  Gotta figure he could make a prettier buck or two off of me if I bought one of his cars but he has led me to keep my car. Appreciate what seems to me as honesty.  Love Princess, Bill, Greg , the newer young mechanic and am liking Alex more all the time.  They have given me fast service, lots of rides, some freebies and GREAT conversation!  Highly recommend this business.
5	At  Airpark Auto Clinic I have found them to be knowledgeable, equipped to handle all repairs and be honest about what my car really needs to run smoothly.  This team was there for me when my car needed help.  Since then I have been loyal to their expertise and they have exceeded my expectation with each visit, I know when I recommend Airpark Auto Clinic I am helping someone get great/quality service for their car.  Unless you're a car mechanic yourself, dealing with a repair shop may require a leap of faith, but not at Airpark Auto Clinic, they are the experts!
4	Set up appointment that morning and was in and out in no time.
5	If you look at my other reviews you will see I know my stuff when dealing with cars and shops.  I have taken my car here twice to have the alignment done.  They do a great job and make sure everything is all good.  The only time I take one of my cars to a shop is if it is under warranty or if it needs something that I can't do.  Well I don't own and alignment machine!  I have chatted with everyone that works there and they are all good people and easy to get along with, but most importantly they will not rip you off and will do whats right by you and your car.
5	From the phone call to make the appointment to the service, everything was great. Chandler is very professional, and they completed my service in a timely manner. I will gladly return.
1	I brought my car in because the tires had uneven wear. They did an alignment without telling me. Andrew(mechanic) made lots of excuses for why the steering still pulls to 1side. The steering wheel is crooked.Andrew messed up alignment and didn't center the steering wheel. DISHONEST SHOP!
5	Alex at Airpark is a HONEST and great mechanic. I brought my car in over the weekend and used the night drop. Car would not start, but took a jump to start. Since I had a new battery (three months old), I thought it was something bigger than that and was prepared for the worst. First thing today, Monday, I got a call to say; just a bad battery. Simple replacement. That is honesty to me!!! Thanks Airpark Auto Clinic and Alex.
5	Let's just start out by saying Alex and his crew saved me over $3,000 in repairs when taking my truck in.      I found Air Park Auto Clinic about a year ago and have used them and referred them to many of my friends and family, and all have been extremely happy wi the service. About 8 months ago I bought my first new vehicle in about 10 years from a dealership and bought the extended warranty. About 6 months later I noticed that my transmission was slipping and not knowing any better i took it in to the Certified dealership that I bought it from thinking that I had to have them do the the repairs since that's where I bought the warranty. They had my truck for over a week and told me that it was a bushing that was causing my RPMs to go up and that it's not covered by the warranty and were gonna charge me over $1,200 to fix the problem. This is when I realized that I could take my truck anywhere that I wanted which Air Park Auto Clinic would've been my first choice from the get go. Anyhow, I then Called Air Park Auto clinic and spoke with Alex while I was at the dealership and told him the problem and what my truck was doing. With out hesitation he told me in all of about 30 seconds that there's no way a bushing is causing the problem and to bring it down to him. I did just that and after the dealership had my truck for over a week and were gonna charge me over $1,200 to fix something that wasn't the problem, Alex and his crew called me back with in acpl hrs and informed me that it was in fact the transmission and insured me that they were confident that the warranty would cover it wi out a doubt. I was obviously very relieved to hear the great news and about a week later I got my truck back wi no out of pocket coat and a brand new transmission that runs better than the original. This is the BEST shop in town and will continue to refer anyone that I know to them for the simple fact that they do great work and more importantly they are as honest as they come which is hard to find with any business these days especially mechanics. Thanks Air Park Auto Clinic you guys are the BEST!
