5	Happy to be the first review at the new location!  Long time fan of the Mt. Lebo spot. This one is much closer and every bit as good.  Ate at the Lebo one last week, and hit this one yesterday; pizza is phenomenal.  Good to see familiar faces from the other location at the one down town.  Best of luck guys!Margherita DOC is all you need, but the rest of the menu is great too.
5	I have been waiting for this place to open of a long time now. The wait was worth it. What Mr. Molinaro has done with this space is nothing short of phenomenal. Every attention to detail to make the place feel and look like a pizzeria in Naples was done here. From the wood fired, hand made pizza oven to the Nuova Simonelli Victoria Arduino Adonis espresso machine, the finest made in the world, to the beer taps, this place will not disappoint anyone who is looking to experience authentic Napoletano food. The menu is almost identical to the original Mt. Lebo establishment with a few changes. This place has only been open a week but you would not know it. The food and service are great. The second floor bar is also something that really adds to the experience. We ate on the first floor, then went upstairs for the remainder of the evening. The bar has 25 stools with a dining area which holds about 50 or so.The first floor seats 40 with a small bar. The place was very busy but the service was simply incredible. You will recognize some faces from the original so clearly the transition to this larger space seemed to be quite smooth. Just a fair warning that the first floor dining area is a bit tight with mostly tables for 2 that are very close together. The upstairs bar and dining area is somewhat less compact.The bar is open until 2:00 a.m. I encourage everyone to get to il Pizzaiolo at Market Square. This is obviously a large investment in that area so we should all be supporting a place which adds a unique touch to the city and delivers a dining experience that is only found in the city of Naples.
4	This new place in Market Square is very good, I'm not going to say it's the best ever but you'll have a very good meal in an upscale and enjoyable atmosphere.  For starters the salumi is great - although they were out of the finocchiona which was a bummer but everything we tried was great.  Arancini was unfortunately okay at best - needed some sauce and just more flavor, I would definitely not order this again.  The pizza however was great - it would have been nice to see something a little more out of the ordinary like the potato & rosemary pizza I love at Pizza D.O.C. in Chicago or the awesome artichoke, creme fraiche, and preserved lemon pizza I had at Donatella in NYC recently but the combinations were solid and the flavor was great.  Crust was maybe a little thicker bread and less charred than most Neapolitan style pizzas but still all around tasty.  If you want some pasta or even a chicken dish everything appears to be homemade and will be very good.Service on two visits was a bit on the amateur side but friendly and doing their best.  The wine list is nice, and the cocktail list was surprisingly good while the drinks were well made.  My colleague who hadn't eaten Neapolitan style pizzas before couldn't stop raving about how good they were.  I agree, and I'll continue to frequent Il Pizzaiolo when in Pittsburgh for work.
5	Most authentic Italian restaurant outside of Italy. Went to Italy last summer and have been craving 2 things: pizza and espresso. Both are as close as you can get at this place. Brick oven pizza is absolutely incredible. My server - I think her name was Sarah - was super professional, helpful and fun. Great night overall. Great upstairs bar. Made for an amazing date night.
4	We were here twice during our visit to Pittsburgh one weekend.  Our hotel was right on Market Square, and we were looking for good restaurants within walking distance.  The first time we visited was for lunch and we split a pizza - Salsicce and Rapini and it was outstanding.  Wonderful, thin crust authentic pizza.  The second time we needed a light night snack and sat at the bar.   Il Pizzaiolo had no Cabernet (my red of choice) but the knowledgeable bartender offered me a few options and I picked one and was really happy -an Aglianico.  I would definitely order it again.  We split salumi - excellent stuff.  The kitchen was open late on a Saturday, the service was friendly and helpful, and while there were lots of customers, seating was available.  There is a wine bar upstairs, but we didn't have an opportunity to visit that part of the restaurant.
2	The food is very good. The service is beyond horrible!  Such a shame would love to go back but just can't handle the terrible service
4	Solid - the food in my opinion tastes exactly like the Mt. Lebo location.  That may sound odd...food that is equally comparable at a restaurant with multiple locations, but we've all had that disappointing experience where you think and hope the food tastes the same but doesn't.  Well I can assure you that it's equally as great as the food in the Mt. Lebo location.My one issue was the service.  I realize they are new to the market square location so will give them time to work on improving the service aspect.  A work day lunch hour turned in to two...and while my co-workers and I were all for a relaxing lunch with some wiggle room on our hour lunch, the time it took for the food to come out after placing our order seemed excessive.  Especially since people that were seated and placed their order after us received their food before us.  Our group was only 3 people so not unusually large.I ordered the margherita pizza which was fresh and cooked to perfection.  My co-workers ordered the sandwiches and said that they enjoyed them.  I'll definitely be back again with the hopes that service has improved.
2	I had a very unpleasant dining experience here last Saturday. I reached out to the managers and proprietor privately and they could not be bothered to reply to my email so here it is for the public.  First let me say that I think that the food at Il Pizziaolo is outstanding. Everything is prepared perfectly. I enjoy the food so much that last night I decided to bring my mother there who is Cleveland Magazine's food Critic, Laura Taxel. The food was excellent as always but the service left much to be desired. When we arrived we were ushered to the overcrowded wine bar where the bartender was clearly overwhelmed. I had to give her my drink order three times and wait 20 minutes before we had a cocktail. When we were seated and ordered a bottle of wine we were told that the restaurant was out of wine glasses and we would have to wait for our bottle. We told the server, who did an excellent job under the circumstances,  that we would be happy to drink our wine out of table glasses but he never brought it out. Then when we got our appetizer which included a dip to be spread we were told that there was no bread. We were also offered olive oil for dipping but it was never brought out. We were almost done with the appetizer by the time the wine came out.  The most disappointing thing to me was that the manager never touched the table to apologize for running out of wine glasses and bread.   Furthermore this was the second time in a row that there were major service issues. The last time I dined there my wife and I ordered our appetizer, pizza, and entrees at the same time and all of the food was brought out at once.  We had to send the entrees back and the food was wasted.  This is one of  my wife and my favorite restaurants but to have two consecutive experiences with such poor service is very unfortunate. Thank you for your time.
5	I'll start with saying I'm in love with the interior of this place.  The blue tile on the wood oven is gorgeous, as well as the white stone bar and table tops.  I was just looking around at every detail in awe.  I knew I was in for a treat!We waited until 1pm to go to lunch because I've seen the noon crowd.  This proved to be a good move - we were seated right away.  I got a pizza that included cherry tomato sauce, anchovy, garlic, capers, olives and basil.  As soon as I took a bite, I realized how they could charge $15 for a personal sized pizza.  You can tell that each ingredient is top-of-the-line.  They don't mess around when it comes to quality.  I want to come back and try every variety!  I also want to try some of their homemade pasta.  If this pizza is some reflection on the rest of the menu, I can't wait to come back!
3	We came here for dinner during the week while in town for a conference. Overall, we had a positive experience. The service was good, despite it being very busy. We ordered the meatball app, the Salsicce pizza and the chicken scarpariello. Everything was fine, but certainly nothing to rave over. Given all of the other restaurants we visited that week, we would say that Il Pizzaiolo was well above average. The only real downside was the extremely cramped seating arrangements and the high noise level which made normal conversation next to impossible. If Yelp would let me, I'd rate Il Pizzaiolo 3.5 stars - which is better than "A-OK".
5	Dare I say this location is better than the Mt. Lebo one? Maybe I'll just leave it as it's both different but equal. It's really weird walking in here for me because I was in the spot when it was a flower shop. I worked right next door at the Starbucks and was friendly with the staff. But the transformation is incredible! It's really beautiful inside and surprisingly fits a lot of people. Probably because they've also opened up the upstairs as well. With dark wood and intimate lighting, it still gives off that old world charm, but has a modern twist with a fancy pants bar both upstairs and downstairs. With the absence of the Mt. Lebo patio, this spot has a more urban feel, which I also like. The hubs and I split the Quattro Formaggi (Fresh mozzarella, fontina, asiago, gorgonzola, pecorino romano, extra virgin olive oil) and the Diavola (San Marzano tomato sauce, fresh spicy salami, calabrian chili pepper, pecorino romano, fresh basil, extra virgin olive oilmozzarella) pizza. Both were equally delicious, but I think I favored the Diavola more. I liked the red sauce and slight spiciness, but it wasn't overpowering, which was great for me. Although the Quattro was also fantastic and super cheesy. It was unlike any pizza I've had before, which is a good thing.Be prepared to take a while to scan their extensive wine list. I usually recognize a handful of names, but here I only recognized Chianti. Thankfully our server helped us pick out a tasty wine (crap, I forgot it... it was red...). Make sure to make a reservation, especially on the weekend, because they get packed! I'm so happy to have this joint in town now. Although it will be hard to avoid when I'm down there now. I just want to stuff all the pizzas in my mouth!
4	My husband is obsessed with anything wood fired - and since Il P's location isn't far from our north side abode, we have been making frequent visits to this place.  The pizza here is really great--anything we have had (margherita, veggie, and something spicy I can't remember the name of) had been awesome.  Their appetizers are great as well--the calamari here is up there with the best I've ever had.  I wasn't "wowed" by the salads for the price, but they definitely weren't bad.They have a decent draft beer selection and an extensive (Italian!!) wine list.  Most of the wines were unfamiliar to me, but the servers do a great job of helping you pick one if you let them know what you like.  The service here is pretty great in general, actually. This place gets really busy, so don't come here for a quiet date night--but it's busy for a reason.  It's a great place!!
2	I realize that my original review of this place was pretty scathing and I'm glad to see that my experience does not seem to be the norm based on other Yelp reviewers. I'll rescind all the gory details and leave the following instead:The food was ok. The service we had was terrible.  We expected better for a place with a pretty pricey menu. We probably won't be going back.
5	We went there last week to celebrate my sons 16th birthday.This was his choice, since they get to pick the place on their day.We all love the original so we figured this would be good, but could it be as good as Mt Lebo? Suprise, maybe better!. We always start with the vegetable antipasta and this time they ordered the calamari also.Both were perfect.Then they  ordered the D.O.C, the diablo and the lasagna.But even though I loved all those the main thing I wanted was their eggplant.You might not know it, but they have the best eggplant in the city ! I am kinda a fanatic about eggplant and order it everywhere we go.The only one that compares is this restaurant from Venice. Il Pizzaiolo is obviously a lot closer!As for the service: oustanding! I think our server"s name was Vincenza, assisted by another server named Kyle. Hopefully we get their section again. Which should be soon.Real soon
5	So glad they opened a location in town.  Il Pizzaiolo is as close to authentic Italian as I've experienced in Pgh.  Had the lobster pasta special the other night and it was spectacular. Prosciutto and formaggi appetizer not bad either. Hard to get a table w/o reservation, but my wife and I usually find seats at the upstairs bar when we go spur of the moment.
4	The bar upstairs is the perfect place to get "after work" drinks. It is definitely an upscale restaurant with a casual atmosphere.   I do miss some menu items from the original though!  They are similar but not the same restaurant.
5	Best original Italian pizza in Pittsburgh. Friendly service, fresh ingredients and beautiful authentic decor.
2	Service is horrible! Messed up my friends order, served her something with meat when she got a vegetarian meal.  It was in the sauce, perhaps the kitchen was just a bit sloppy.  So we took our take out order outside and decided to eat while we waited.  15 mins later a waiter came by with the replacement meal, no apologies and said "Just for future reference, we don't allow you to eat on premises when you have a take out order."  Are you kidding me! We are waiting because of your mistake and then you're saying we can't sit!. Ridiculous.The girl at the bar was very curt and then was throwing a semi fit, could see through the windows.  I suppose it was we were sitting outside ON PREMISES.The food is pretty good, but not the best.  Pizza was chewy, which was a little disappointing.  Mozzarella is fantastic.  Was recommended by a Pittsburgh native who says the Mt. Lebanon was is better.  Would go there, never here until they get some new staff.
1	I will preface this review by saying that I grew up going to Il Pizzaiolo in Mt Lebanon which remains one of my favorite restaurants in the city.  The food is hands down the best authentic Italian cuisine in Pittsburgh.  This newer downtown location, however, was a terrible experience this afternoon.I took my colleagues here for a take out lunch this afternoon, and I was completely embarrassed by the treatment we received - my office and I will never be returning to this location.1) Overall, the location appeared understaffed - the girl behind the counter appeared extremely stressed out and there was a bit of a wait.  As a result, we sat outside at a table to wait for the rest of our meal.2) My colleague, who is a lifelong vegetarian, noticed that her vegetarian pasta dish had some small pieces of meat in the sauce (we took a taste and confirmed for her).  When presenting this to the cashier, rather than simply taking the dish, he said "No, there is no meat in this dish.  Show me the meat, I don't believe it."  Embarrassingly, she actually had to walk him outside and we pulled out a chunk of meat from the pasta as evidence.  He begrudgingly took the dish back inside and we were forced to wait another 10 minutes outside while a new dish was prepared.  3) When the waiter finally returned with vegetarian pasta, he had the nerve to inform us that "for future reference, those ordering take out cannot sit down at outside tables."  Where are we expected to wait??? Overall, this was an embarrassing experience for a professional lunch and we will never be returning.  The bad customer service overshadows the quality of the food - avoid at all costs for professional meals.
1	Food is good, but service is absolutely pitiful.   We had a table for 10 (after fighting with them to get 2 tables pushed together) and they were unable to split the checks more than 3 ways.  After we agreed that this was going to have to suffice, it took 35 minutes to get our check and it was wrong.  Once she finally got it right 20 minutes later, she told us that it was going to take a while because of how we are paying (which was via credit card).  She then proceeded to tell us it was OUR FAULT and took another 40 minutes to figure it out. There were 3 other people in the entire restaurant, sitting at the bar talking to the other bartender, who was not helping our waitress.  There were 5 staff members that just stood there and watched as our waitress struggled.  I will never go here again and neither will the 10 people I went with last night.  The fact that it was a Tuesday night, with no one in the place and they couldn't get this right is embarrassing.  I will make it a point to tell everyone not to come here when they are in the area for a play, etc.  There are plenty of other restaurants in this area that will treat you better for the price.
2	This was my first time at any Il P. First the good... I thought the service was adequate for the cost. The beer and drink list somewhere between good and great. That's it for the good in my opinion.None of the bread varieties were noteworthy in as much as I don't have anything to say about them at all. The pizza was almost identical to Stone at a higher price.The menu was fair but not vast. The first time I asked for a substitution I was shot down like a 9th grader asking a senior to the prom. I don't blame the server, she's simply doing her job and honoring the orders of the kitchen. This wasn't an outrageous request at all. It was something they had, I just wanted more of it. Fine, I understand you need to manage your supply of food back there. However, this put me in the mindset that nothing on the menu can be changed at all, which is probably true, I ended up with a marked up Stone pizza and a fried zucchini plank or two (which were good by the way). I remember saying, if these planks don't come out with sauce I'm gonna lose it. They didn't- but some was provided promptly by request.My wife had meatballs. Yes, meatballs. As in on a plate. You see, there is no dish that incorporates both pasta and meatballs, odd for an Italian restaurant if you ask me.Bottom line, if you look at the menu and see something you really want it'll probably be good. If you want some control in what you're buying, don't bother- next time, I won't.
2	I went for lunch yesterday without a reservation.  We were early - most of the  tables inside were empty.  Nonetheless, we were given a horrible small table in the middle of the room. I requested a table against the wall but were told they were all reserved. No one sat in them for at least 45 minutes.We ordered the salad with the anchovy dressing.  It was ok but you couldn't taste any anchovy.  I could make a better salad at home in two minutes.  And, our table was too small to have a breadbasket.We also split a pizza.  We were informed for at least three minutes by our server that  the restaurant no longer cuts pizzas because they get soggy in the middle but they bring us these wonderful pizza knives so that we can cut our own.  When the pizza came, we cut it in half and split it, then out the big plate under our individual plates because, again, there was not enough room on the table for all the plates.  The pizza was fine - actually delicious and not soggy.  The tomato sauce is incredible.I don't know if I will go back, though.  This restaurant definitely cannot handle a crowd and they are a little rude. I am not  sure that the pizza is worth the substandard treatment by the hostesses and the servers.
5	I can't express enough how fabulous my pizza Santa Lucia was.  This was my second time this week, but this time I didn't share it!  The combination of fresh basil , tomatoes , garlic, anchovies and capers on top of the most wonderful wood fired dough is perfection .This place is as good as it gets for authentic Italian Pizza in Pittsburgh. I found it easy to get into and get served during a busy Thursday in Market Square. It's not cheap, but great food never needs to be.
4	After hearing wonderful things about Il Pizzaiolo for years - literally years - I finally had the opportunity to try this restaurant last week with a group of co-workers. I had a wonderful time! First, we ordered wine. The wine list was insanely long and confusing, so we asked the waitress for her recommendation. She told us that there were three house wines, conveniently called the #1, #2, and #3. I believe they were Pinot Grigio, Pinot Noir, and Merlot. I shared two carafes of the Pinot Noir with a co-worker and thought it was very tasty.The team shared two appetizers, Panzarotti and Fiori de Zucca. The Fiori de Zucca was fried zucchini slices that were good but not my favorite thing ever. I loved the Panzarotti. It kind of tasted like a fried risotto and mozzarella ball. So yummy. Even at the risk of potentially embarrassing myself for taking too much food, I snagged the last one. For my entree, I ordered the Ravioli alla Caprese. The entree was very simple but superbly executed.I hope to come back to Il Pizzaiolo very soon!
2	I work downtown, and as a result I'm always happy when new restaurants open. I was excited to try Il Pizzaiolo, which brings a classy storefront to Market Square.  Maybe this is the burgher in me talking, but it always seems like the people dining there look like they walked right off the set of Entourage. I'm intimidated by glamour! I prefer to sit outside on their sidewalk patio, as the dining room can get very noisy. Service is variable.  The hostesses always seem stressed and while I don't mind waiting, our times have always been at least 15 minutes over the estimate.  I've seen a few reviews turn sour regarding the outdoor seating and where diners are permitted to eat/wait.  This is actually not their fault.  Police have been cracking down on panhandlers and crime in the area.  Consequently, one MUST sit in the dining area for the corresponding restaurant. Now onto the food.  The wine list is extensive but only includes Italian selections.  Most of the servers are knowledgeable and can recommend pairings. The appetizers are decent but are not worth the ~$10-$15 cost.  I've sampled both the pastas and the pizzas.  The pastas are underwhelming in terms of originality, taste, and size. Entrees come with bread and oil for dipping, but the bread is too salty for my enjoyment.  I will never understand why carb-loaded restaurants serve bread with their offerings.  It seems redundant. Pizzas are the restaurant's specialty (at a place called Il Pizzaiolo? No way!).  The wood-fired pies are good, and vary from the standard Margherita  to the more loaded Santa Lucia.  But to be honest, all of these pizzas lack imagination. I understand that Pizzaiolo is going for more "classic" recipes but for the prices why not throw in some innovation?
5	The best pizza in PGH. By far. Expensive and you need reservations for lunch but worth it. Not your typical pizza, more euro in  approach. Definitely try it.
4	This is the most authentic Italian pizza I have had in the US. That being said, some people might not like it. It definitely reminded me of what I had in Rome. The salads were good too! Can't wait to try the other dishes!
3	My girlfriend and I decided to give Il Pizzaiolo a try before a show downtown. Upon arrival we were seated outside, let our server know about the show, and ordered drinks. The menu looked very appealing, but would be hard to decipher if you're not a foodie or Italian. There were several instances where I had to translate. We decided to order a pizza and ravioli. The pizza tasted fresh, with quality ingredients, but was fairly traditional otherwise. It was a little strange that they didn't cut the pizza, though. The ravioli was also good, but not overly inspiring. At this point, we began to have trouble finding our server. We had to flag her down as she was about to go back inside after serving another table. We ordered the tiramisu for dessert and it did not disappoint. This was probably the highlight of our meal. We again had trouble finding our server afterwards to pay, though.Overall, Il Pizzaiolo serves pretty decent food, but I'm not quite sure that it's worth going back for due to the prices compared to other italian places and the quality of service.
5	One of my very favorite restaurants in Pittsburgh-- great atmosphere, bartenders/servers, and delicious food!
2	Go to Stone Neapolitan Pizza. This place is more expensive and has a restrictive menu (if you can read it). There is no section for toppings. You can taste the wood fire in the pizza. I'm not saying it was good but you can taste it. It was interesting. Their potato stuffed with cheese was tasty with an interesting texture (not sure of the Italian name). The service was good. The location is good too, but if I was in Market Square I would choose a few other restaurants over this place. I won't be back.
4	There are slight differences in the menu from the Mt Lebo location and the Downtown.  But in general, you get the same high quality food made with fresh and authentic ingredients.  I liked sitting upstairs, away from the door, but there's nothing better than sitting outside when the weather is beautiful.Make your reservations way in advance, this restaurant books up quickly, especially during the weekends.I particularly like the pizzas, but everything on the menu is delicious.  The wine list is also very good, I don't know that you will see a better Italian wine list in the city.Our waitress was very attentive and made some excellent suggestions for us.  She also did not hesitate to bring us a taste of a particular wine before we made our choices.  We chose the Carpaccio di Polpo as an appetizer and it was unusual and satisfying (Octopus, lemon and olive oil).I like the renovation of the building, there was a flower shop here at one time, and they did a marvelous job of transforming the place into a fine dining establishment.
4	I loved the Mt. Lebanon location and I love the downtown location. This place is a true gem and I don't believe until the new culinary renaissance (there, I said it) in Pittsburgh, did a place like II Pizzaiolo get the attention and growth it truly deserved. They have so many fresh pastas and at prices that make sense. Also, the downtown location has outdoor seating that makes Market Square sparkle like a Lower East Side cafe. If you haven't experienced the new vibe that is budding in Market Square, then you're totally missing out. Get out of the "east end only" mentality and make your way back downtown, to the south, etc.
3	I'm going to preface this review by saying that I've been to both locations, downtown and Mt. Lebanon, countless times and after this weekend, refuse to let the injustice continue. While i find the food to be above average (7 out of 10), the service is atrocious 90% of the time.  It is not unusual for dinner for two to take over two hours.  While you should enjoy staring lovingly into your dates eyes, you start to wonder if you should pluck one of those eyes out and eat it because there's a chance you may starve to death... Its been 45 minutes since your appetizer came; neither your meal nor your waiter/waitress in sight and you're getting desperate.  I like to think they're in the back solving the world's political and socioeconomic problems or feeding starving puppies but in reality they're flirting with one another or trying to determine what tasteless, visible tattoo they want next.  That being said, the food is good and atypical for an Italian restaurant, just pack yourself a snack and budget at least 2 hours for parties of four or less, 5 or more please expect 3 hours, no joke...
5	Came to Pittsburgh for a conference, and this place was just wonderful.  We came here twice in just four or five days.
3	I was craving pizza for my birthday so we headed to this cute little place in Market Square.  Made a reservation beforehand and they even called to confirm which I thought was odd since it was for Saturday lunch.  Service was a bit blotchy, we didn't get bread until we asked for it and my man's espresso came our lukewarm which we promptly sent back.  My man got the LUINGUINE ALLE VONGOLE and I got my birthday wish--PIZZA (with mushrooms)!  My man ho-hummed his pasta but my pizza was perfect, thin crusted, hot, and flavorful!
4	A great option for lunch on a work day. It's possible to get in and out in an hour because the pizzas literally take 90 seconds to cook. I'm a fan! I had the margherita pizza, and I wasn't disappointed. The sauce was perfect, and they import their mozzarella from Naples. I can get on board with that!My friend had the Quattro formagi pizza, and I could smell the delicious tangyness of the gorgonzola. Yum! The pizzas are a bit on the pricey side, but the toppings are fresh and delicious. I'm looking forward to going back so that I can try some of the salads and pastas. So happy for more options in Market Square!
3	Incredible food (4-5 stars). Horrendous service(0-1 stars).Let me preface this by saying, I never felt the need to continue a comment about poor service on Yelp, until now. Not only was the aloof and ditzy server completely in attentive and disrespectful, but there was zero communication between her, the kitchen and the remaining staff regarding specials. Oh, and if you want your pizza cut, good luck with that. The pizza arrives uncut with no explanation as to why, and more importantly no utensils, other than the dull knife and fork you get for your meal, to cut the pizza with. Is this ridiculous or is it just me??The only reason we found out about the reason the pizza was not cut was because was asked. Solid. And to save you the trouble of asking, it's because it is a very special style of pizza that they refuse to cut because they do not want the sauce to soak into the crust during the 5 second walk from the oven to the table. They would rather you spend 10 minutes trying to cut it and ruin it yourself. I could go on and on about how the drinks took forever, and it took asking three different waiters to check on them for one of them to finally realize they were never put in, but I think you get the picture.My advice: Get the food to go and bring a pizza cutter with you.
4	Great place. I have been to the Market Square location twice and each time was fantastic. I have had the lasagna and gnocchi and both were amazing.
3	Eh..  I'm sorry, I wanted to love this just as much as the Mt Lebo location, but eh... not so much.  JH and I went for a celebratory lunch.  And for how much it was, thank god we were celebrating.  I knew that JH was upstairs as per a text as I was walking over, so when I arrived at the store, I said that my friend was upstairs.  The hostess asked if we had a reservation.  I said that I thought so and that I knew that my friend was upstairs waiting.  I start to move towards the stairs and the hostess moves in front of me.  Are we seriously going to have a showdown in the lobby?  I give her a look like, are you kidding me?  She then said to go upstairs.  Really?  Really?!?!We started with the fried zucchini.  I had just gotten back from Italy, so I can say with some certainty that this is seriously the most authentic fried zucchini ever.  However, that is not to say good.  When I was in Rome, I ordered fried zucchini and it came in this bubble of dough, fried super crispy and greasy as all get out.  Sadly, this was the same.  It was so greasy in fact that I was ill most of the day.I then had a pizza with meatballs and it was pretty tasty.  Pretty on par with their other shop and I was pleased.But weirdness walking in and greasy fried zucchini make for an unhappy girl when I am dishing out this much money.
4	This review is not about the food. The food was excellent! Our complaint was with our waiter. He wasn't personable. We never heard about the specials except when we overheard another waiter explaining them to his table. We asked about the wine and received minimal feedback. The big kicker was our waiter taking my beer before it was empty and my plate (which had half of the pasta left) and never asking if I wanted it boxed (which I did!)
2	Being a HUGE fan of the Mt Lebo location, the BF and I opted to go here for our anniversary dinner before going to the Benedum to see Elf the Musical.  Reservations were made, but ugh... I felt like we got the worst seat in the house.  Smack dab in the middle of the floor, constantly bumped by passers by and anytime the front door opened, I experienced a huge chill.  Needless to say, I dined with my winter coat on.  Brrrr...Our waitress seemed nice but proved to be clueless... very unlike the Mt Lebo location - their staff never disappoint!  She read the specials off her cheat sheet, but it was so loud in there we could barely hear her anyway.  I told her I was debating on the dinner special she described as a hearty seafood stew with muscles, clams, fish, in a tasty broth or CAVATELLI CON RAPINI which is a favorite of mine.  She paused and said she would go with the special because their fish is always fresh and being such a cold day, the stew would be lovely to warm up with.  SOLD!...Can I change my order please????  Overcooked flavorless fish that tasted like it was cooked separately from the stew itself.  Ick!  I am a HUGE seafood fan, but I couldn't eat this.  The broth wasn't bad, but it was NOT cooked with the seafood.  Plus this was anything but a hearty stew.  I actually was left HUNGRY!  This dish was exceptionally disappointing.The BF felt bad and thought maybe some tiramisu would make me feel better.  After all, they're made in house and the Mt Lebo tiramisu is usually quite tasty.  Unfortunately this one was just dry... At this point, I just wanted to leave.  When our waitress finally came around after fratranizing in the back of the house (yes we saw it.... in fact, you can see all things in the back of the house from where we sat.  Not cool when you see the staff goofing off...) we left.  Thankfully the Benedum sold candied almonds.  Highlight of my evening.Next time I want to go to Il Pizzaiolo, I'll go to the Mt Lebonon location.
5	This is the most authentic Italian restaurant there is in Pittsburgh. And the most delicious too! I dine there as often as I can get into the city. The staff is very knowledgable on the cuisine and its origin. Excellent service. The handmade pastas are incomparable to others in Western PA. Absolutely divine. I've tried most of them. My favorite pizza is the Margherita DOC which highlights the buffalo mozzarella flown in from Naples, Italy each week. The manager told us all about it. I also like the arugula pizza a lot too. This place never disappoints! The food is always fresh and the staff is prompt and informed.
4	Great choice for dinner while visiting Pittsburgh for the Steelers game.  My daughter's choice, but so glad she picked it.  Nice atmosphere, although the downstairs tables can be a bit cramped if there is a good crowd in there, which there was.  And sitting by the door during the cold weather is not a good choice with the door opening about every 30 seconds from people walking in.  Glad they turned the heat up for us!  Hostess, waiter, and I'm assuming manager that came over to our table to see how everything was, were all very pleasant and friendly.  Waiter was awesome, very knowledgeable and friendly and attentive.  I had the eggplant parm and my daughter had the ravioli...both very yummy!!!!  We also tried the appetizer....little mozzarella fried balls....so good they melt in your mouth!!!  Will definitely visit again next time we're in Pittsburgh!!!
5	Great food, great service!
3	Food was really good, view of market street from second floor was nice, however slow service (10 minutes waiting for the coffee to be made)
5	I can't lie, I was a little against going here. I go to an Italian restaurant in Shady Side that served pizza the same way and is delicious. So walking into Il Pizzaiolo all I could think was "there is no way this is better." It was divine! I got pizza, of course! Just got the margherita pizza with prosciutto on top! Seriously what is better than prosciutto? Absolutely nothing, it would turn a vegan! I had gone with family so I had a few other things to try as well! Such as the calamari, umm delicious! I never had it before and I'm so happy I waited to try it. The pasta was equally as amazing. Let's just say my tastebuds were on a whirlwind of flavors! The server was just fantastic. Everything you want in a server.. lol. He was prompt with things and checked on us constantly which made the experience here even better! The prices were a bit higher, but hey money buys happiness. At least in this case it does!I would suggest going here!!!
5	A favorite restaurant with the same quality as the Mt. Lebanon location. Great pizza and wine bar. One of the best restaurants in downtown.
4	Went last night for a birthday party of eight. we had fantastic service. No reservations on Saturdays so we put our name in and walked across the Square for a drink. We were told an hour wait but it was about half that. The restaurant is on the small side so we expected to wait...Really nice lighting.  Would be great for a date, everyone looks younger in that room, I heard one of our party say. The calamari was tender and well seasoned, one of my benchmarks for a restaurant. All other starters were what was expected with a few nice surprises. That authentic pizza oven is one of the only wood fired ovens I know of in the 'burgh. The dough is phenomenal. Everyone at the table raved about their meals. It's a fun location and a great place for a more authentic Italian meal.
4	Had the veal chop. Good piece of meat priced to please at $34. Only down side is they do not ask you how you want it prepared. It comes medium. I would have liked it med rare.
5	Great food and great service. We had the gnocchi and fungi pizza. Wine on tap! Fried cheese ball special was outstanding, as was the mixed green salad.
4	Great pizzas for a quick lunch hour. We were in the area for work and wanted something pretty tasty but didn't have a ton of time. This place isn't fast food by any stretch but for a fresh pizza, it is pretty quick. A local friend recommended it to us and the menu looked awesome. I love an authentic style pizza and anything with prosciutto makes me happy!The pizza came out after a pretty quick wait and it looked awesome. The flavors were rich and wait for it, real! I am so sick of the canned sauces and the dried herbs used in most places. Even the "fancier" places are cutting corners. But this place was the real deal. Amazing tastes from the real ingredients. I was going to take some pizza home but that didn't last and I ate the whole thing. OopsMy only complaints was that the pizza could have been a little more evenly topped. I had a small issue with the distribution of the toppings. I'm not really complaining here, just trying to explain why I only gave 4 stars. A very easily fixed problem and it didn't take away from our experience. Still very good and I will be back for sure!
4	Great pizza with even better tomato sauce ! Although pricey and small portioned.  I had the veal chop which was very good but a little on the salty side. The service was fantastic and they had a lot of interesting drink options. I would go back for the pizza.
5	If you remember your Italian grandmother lovingly hand making you pizza dough and noodles then you will be transferred back to her dining room at Il Pizzaiolo. We had the meatball appetizer, a personal pizza and a pasta. Everything was freshly homemade, well seasoned, and full flavored.My wife and i went on a random Thursday afternoon, and it was still so busy, you couldn't get a table without a reservation.  We were promptly seated at the bar upstairs, and were immediately asked our drink order and given menus by a friendly and knowledgeable waitress. I'm not usually a huge pizza fan, but I'd heard so many good things about the pizza here that I had to try it.  It completely lived up to the hype.  My wife got the pasta which was fluffy, homemade, and equally delicious.  All the food came out very quickly, hot from the oven.  They make every effort to help workers get back on time from their lunch break.  They also had an impressive fine liquor, wine, and beer list, including belgium classics Chimay and Hoegaarden on tap.  Whether you're going for the fast, excellent service, the drink selection, the pleasant atmosphere, or some of the best Italian food you'll find anywhere (including Venice), Il Pizzaiolo is a perfect choice.  It seems so wonderful for all occasions, it's tempting to head here for every meal, but there is one drawback.  Premium pizza has a punishing price.  Our lunch (1 personal pan pizza, 1 pasta, 1 shared appetizer, no drinks or dessert) was $50 with tip.  If you're willing to settle for more pedestrian fair, that's the price of 10 foot long subway italian sub lunches at the subway less than 100 feet away.  From that perspective it's not a great lunchtime value.  Il Pizzaiolo also does not offer happy hour specials (They're busy all the time, so there's no incentive for them to discount).  On the other hand, despite taking great pride in being cheap, I absolutely feel like we got our money's worth.  For a special occasion, Il Pizzaiolo offers a flawless italian dining experience, and while I didn't used to think a personal pizza could be worth $18, Il Pizzaiolo's really is that good.  I heard from a friend the eggplant parmigiano is even better and I'm already on the hunt for the next special occasion that justifies going back for secondi!
4	Wow, I was really impressed with their pizza here.  Very good.  They do it in the Italian style where the pizza is not cut into pieces but where you eat it with a fork and knife.Almost everything about this place is European style right down to serving glass bottles of Coke instead of a bottomless plastic cup (a plus if you ask me).They also had pretty decent espresso that I had after lunch.The place was not too crowded a lunch time and we were able to get back to the office in plenty of time.  I would definitely go back here the next time I am in town.
2	Food was good . Pizza was fresh with tomato sauce, but not spectacular. Eggplant parm was great but bucca de beppos is way better.I didn't care for the drink menu but the vodka mint mule was very good.Too many families were here so it's not exclusive. Then a baby carrier came in. It's a tiny place and having kids around makes the evening feel cheap and adds extra noise and chaosOur server Rachel was awful. She never checked on our food after it arrived, never came to offer another drink and we had to ask for the check while she brought the wrong one and made us wait by taking another tables order in the meantime.She was sloppy looking.The blonde hostess was professional looking though.Servers should cover up arm tattoos and have hair neatly contained. We won't be back
5	Great night with excellent food! The pizza meatball appetizer and calamari are incredible! Keep making it happen like this. We will return.
3	30 bucks for a caesar salad and pizza is no bargain. They charged 2 dollars per topping so my pizza was 21 dollars. Pizza was good.  Lots of mushrooms but few pepperonis.  First time here.  Small restaurant that was very noisy. No room upstairs. I had to sit at the bar. It was annoying that the servers kept bumping into me. Ice cubes were extra for my water.  Just kidding had to ask for them. Salad dressing was too heavy and ditto for the bread. Bar prices are very high.
5	This place was amazing. Our waitress Gina knew EVERYTHING about every item on the menu. The pizza and salad was fantastic and everything that came out looked incredible. I wanted to come back a second time but didn't have time. I'll make sure to come back next time in I'm town!!!!
4	Cannot get enough of this place! When I read a bad review on here, all I can say is, "You do not know real Italian food.". If you love chain pizza stores and think that is real pizza, then you will not like Il Pizzaiolo. Every time I go to the Downtown location, the service is perfect and the food is exceptional. This is exactly how my Grandparents made pizza, sadly without the wood oven. I believe I have eaten just about everything on the menu and I think the only thing I was disappointed in was a dessert. But go figure, they didn't make it. Enjoy!
5	This place is a great authentic Italian eatery right in the heart of downtown in Market Square! We had the special appetizer of the evening, zucchini blossoms stuffed with mozzarella and then fried. They were so delicious I would have gladly downed a whole plate of them as my meal. I shared a pizza with my mother. We got the margherita, so nothing out of the ordinary, but it was nonetheless delicious. I think I still prefer Mercurio's pizza over Il Pizzaiolo, but it's nice to have two great authentic pizzeria restaurants within our great city! For dessert, I had the chocolate cake with chocolate gelato and it was so so decadent and rich. I thought I was only going to have a bite or two, but ended up scarfing down nearly the whole thing. Yum yum.
4	I went here before attending a Pittsburgh Symphony concert and it ended up being a fantastic evening. I got the Paccheri All'Amatriciana pasta dish and it was delicious! It had a little bit of a kick to it, but it was not too much or too little. I also had a glass of wine to go along and it went perfectly with the pasta dish. This place for me is a special event kind of place since the prices are a little high for my liking. However, I am sure I will be back eventually and will probably try the pizza.
5	This restaurant is right in Market Square.  It has two floors and some outside seating which overlooks the square.  I thought the service was really good, the food didn't take very long to get. I had the margarita pizza it was really good made in a wood fired oven. For an appetizer we had breaded zuchini flowers which I wasn't really sure about, because I never had it , but it was really good.  Something you should give a try.
4	Terrific pizza.
4	The appetizer caprese with the fresh buffalo mozzarella, prosciutto de Parma,  beautiful tomato and basil was fabulous, the serving was large enough for 4 people..Pasta bolognese and pizza funghi was also very yummy. Our waiter Brian was a 5***** star, he made our whole dinning experience complete. Looking forward to going back again!
5	What a lovely spot for an al fresco lunch!  Il Pizzaiolo is as authentic Italian as I've had in Italy -- the menu reads like one I ordered from in Taormina, the pizza taste like those I've had in Rome... Il Pizzaiolo is impressive, and if you're a fan of Italian fare, you won't be disappointed in this spot. My girl and I sat down for a celebratory lunch, popped a few glasses of prosecco and went to town on the amazing special of the day, Burratta. Sure, it was $20 but it was $20 so well spent -- happiness on a place, I tell ya. It was fresh, slightly firm, incredibly creamy and so deliciously cheesy I cannot even find the words to accurately describe it. The fact that it was paired with the freshest-of-the-season heirloom tomatoes and a drizzle of slightly tangy olive oil made me swoon. I was impressed with the service, too. Our waiter was attentive and sweet, and totally got that we were in for a fun experience. He helped us choose a pizza and checked in regularly to see that we were happy and everything was to our liking. He was really excellent, along with everything else. As I mentioned, we sat outside overlooking the square, so while I didn't spend much time in the actual restaurant, it was energetic, casually classy and very reminiscent of European eateries I've been to. It was bustling, pleasantly noisy and lively. Definitely check Il Pizzaiolo out if you've a hankering for fresh pizza, great Italian food and a fun time. You won't be disappointed!
2	The original Il Pizzaiolo in Mount Lebo is amazing -- it's one of my favorite restaurants. But the downtown location has yet to live up to its expectations. We went on a Friday night and had reservations and didn't sit down for at least 25 minutes after the res. The service was incredibly slow, it took forever to get drinks, and the food was just so/so compared to the original. Which is such a shame because the original is fantastic. They still have work to do on this one.
2	Bartender has been talking to employees and giving them all espressos and I've been here 5mins without her asking if we wanted a drink....(We are and have been the only customers here)Now she's sitting at a table stuffing her face. All we have had is water brought. Really? Ok she brought our pizza, asked if we needed Parmesan. And left. Done with pizza and only got water whole time. What's with Pittsburgh and pizza soup tho. Pizza was so runny it slid off into my lap. This is very similar to nearby stone but crust was way better there. And they have no staff (just a cashier) and I was still offered a beer. And the pizza was half the price there.
5	Yummy.  Yummy.  Yummy.   Yummy.    Yummy.   Yummy.  Yummy.   Yummy.   Yummy.  Yummy.  Yummy.   Yummy.  Yummy.  Yummy.  Yummy.   Yummy.    Yummy.   Yummy.  Yummy.   Yummy.   Yummy.  Yummy.  Yummy.   Yummy.  Yummy.  Yummy.  Yummy.   Yummy.    Yummy.   Yummy.  Yummy.   Yummy.   Yummy.  Yummy.  Yummy.   Yummy.  Yummy.  Yummy.  Yummy.   Yummy.    Yummy.   Yummy.  Yummy.   Yummy.   Yummy.  Yummy.  Yummy.   Yummy.
4	I've never had a bad experience here, so when I was hosting two Australians for a weeekend I suggested we go here for a late afternoon lunch. The location of their downtown restaurant couldn't be better. It's nestled in Pittsburgh's historic Market Square. If the weather is nice, I highly suggest during outside. Ob this day, however, we choose to sit inside on the lower level. Our server provided excellent service, suggesting an excellent white. All of their wines, by the way, are Italian. Two of us enjoyed the cavatelli con rappini, the other devoured the gnocchi. My guests also enjoyed the yummy tiramisu, while I sipped on an Americano.
3	The pizzas here are delicious. Very light and fresh. My favorite pasta dish is the gnocchi. Their wine list is HUGE and they also have a ton of imported Italian beers. A little on the pricey side, a mushroom pizza will run you $17.00, and I was able to eat the whole thing!My only complaint is that they don't carry Bud Light or ranch dressing, two things I must have with pizza!
4	Located in market square, so here is the scene, a group of us took a break, sat outside, people watched, drank wine and had a wonderful lazy lunch, it was heavenly. Our waiter, Brett was fantastic, he was incredibly knowledgeable and friendly, and we all developed a mini crush on him as a result. Started with the mixed salad, Caesar salad and calamari that we all shared and then had pizza. The dough is incredible. Simple and perfect. Brett helped pair the wine and we were content and happy, and enjoyed a perfect afternoon. Followed it off with an espresso with a hazelnut liquor (again thank you Brett). Come here for lunch you will be so happy.
4	had great bellini's, calamari was pretty good, pizza was very good - nice light crust, high quality ingredients.
3	I've dined at Il Pizzaiolo numerous times; most recently on a Sunday evening with a couple visiting from New York city. We arrived at our reservation time of 8p and were seated downstairs in the back right corner. I find the seating arrangements upstairs are a bit more spacious, but they were in the process of closing the section down for the night - understandable. Service was a little shaky on this occasion. Our waiter was one I've had before and not someone that I would characterize as stellar, so we got exactly what I thought we'd get. For the restaurant being quiet, it took almost 5 minutes before he came to the table and then our drinks sat at the bar for a couple minutes while he disappeared. If my guest hadn't blocked me into the booth area, I would have hopped up and grabbed them! We ordered two appetizers, the calamari and a meat and cheese plate. Both were quite delicious - especially the calamari which we found to be nicely cooked - not greasy at all. To my surprise, the restaurant is no longer ordering bread from an outside bakery (boo). Instead, they are serving their own bread straight from the wood burning oven. Guess what? It's basically their pizza dough, in the shape of a mini pizza/pita with no toppings. It's odd and I really missed having real bakery bread with olive oil to dip. Now, I know there are a lot of people that believe bread shouldn't be expected, to which I'd respond...then take it away and don't serve anything at all. We also shared two pizzas, the funghi and diavola. Both were on par with what I've had from Il Piz before. It's close, but nothing like pizza when you're in Italy. I suggested to my guests that they order a slice of tiramisu for dessert - they did and were very happy with their choice. You honestly can't go wrong ordering it from Il Piz. It's a plentiful serving a pure deliciousness.
2	Service was very good but the food was very expensive and pretty bland. No salt & pepper to be found :(
4	Great Place in the Square!6 visits this year and never a bad meal or experience at the table or bar- very consistent; great atmosphere too!Matt is a great service provider!
3	I'm giving multiple level of stars to this place. I would like to give it 3.5, but I can't. Service...5. Our waiter (beyond being handsome) was excellent. Explained the menu in great detail and was very informed of all the ingredients, transport of items and depths of the wines and cocktails. Bravo!Atmosphere....4-5. Cozy, quaint. A little loud, but with the walls and flooring and amount of people tucked in here, that can happen.Food 3-4....antipasti platter. Great selection, not enough. 4 olives? Really? And, 2 pieces of bread for 6 people. Shouldn't have to ask for more. Pizza. I had the sausage and rapini. It was good. Crust is different...almost like an Indian bread. I liked. Rapini was fresh. Sausage was under flavor. Needed salt or parm within the pizza. I know the big deal from them now is that they are not cutting the pizza to maintain the integrity of the crust. Three words: CUT THE PIZZA. I don't want to shake the table cutting it and it didn't keep the crust crisp by not cutting it. Bottom was a bit soggy. Friends had pasta, ravioli, prosciutto pizza and veal. All were good. Have to say meatballs were great. Not the best, but great. We did have an appetizer of fried mozzarella balls that was heavenly. Tiramisu was okay. Price....1-2. I'm just not in to paying 15+ for a glass of wine and 18-22 for a pizza for 1-2 (maybe 2 if you get apps). I've had a 150 dollar bottle of wine and I'm telling you it's not all that different from a $25 bottle. I understand that all this food is flown in by Italian pilots humming Vivaldi, but I've had some pretty great Italian cuisine that beats this place on price by far.  All in all...will I go back? Debatable.
