5	You can tell they just opened, but the employees and management were all working hard trying to get their system down.  Just like the Scottsdale location, the food was awesome!
5	Service was very fast and food was awesome. Not packed like the Scottsdale location, take advantage early.
2	I'm sorry to say that I do not agree with the other two reviews.  We stopped at this place to grab a drink and appetizer because we had some time to kill before meeting some friends, and the place looked cute as we were driving by. Service was extremely slow.  Despite all the empty tables on the patio when we came in, we were told 10-15 minutes for a table outside.  We did only wait about 5, but then we waited almost 10 minutes for our server to greet us and take our drink order.  We ordered a beer, a margarita, and chips, salsa and guacamole, and 2 waters with lemon.  5 minutes later the water comes out....without lemon.  Server says she's going to go get our drinks and I ask for lemons also.  She's off, and I take a sip of my water.  Yuck!  Worst water I've ever had at a restaurant, so five minutes later when she brings our drinks and the lemon, I don't even use it because no amount of lemon is going to get rid of the dirt taste in the water.  So now we finally have our drinks and she says our chips and salsa should be up soon.  5 minutes later we get our chips and salsa and guacamole.  What can I say....it tasted like chips, salsa and guacamole.  The whole place just felt kind of lame and depressing.  Staff didn't have much personality.  Overall we were just unimpressed.
1	Wow, what a waste. So after waiting half an hour for our appetizers which one was chips and salsa we waited another half hour for food which we were told would be up shortly. We needed to go as we had somewhere to be and the rate it was going it felt like it would be another half hour before we saw our actual meal. I would think they would comp our appetizers for the inconvenience but no sure enough they brought us a bill. Lame bad start. The appetizers were mediocre at best. The guy said to give them a break because it was their 6th day open. They had at least 4 servers and 3 bussers, was their only one cook in the back? I didn't know it took 30 minutes to arrange chips on a plate! I would give this place a second chance, I will wait until they are on their 30th day open and maybe by then they will have figured a few things out about service.
5	I love this place!  I've eaten here here five times since they opened and every meal has been delicious.  I've had the Mediterranean salad, Cobb salad with crab cakes on top, turkey burger with sweet potato fries. Crab cake sandwich and an omelet.  What is great is you can get breakfast anytime.  Give the establishment a chance to work out a few kinks AND read the menu - very descriptive.
4	Yum! Get the Chorizo Burrito super yummy- not to big like your usual chorizo burro that makes you feel like you just ate an elephant and then drank 2 bottles of Maalox. Oh and the potatoes that comes with it are just as taste. The bf and I got it to go so next time we go we will try the nice big patio and have a drink or two or....three!
5	Cute place. Service was good, food was very good, and prices are not out of control.  Gourmet burger on a prezel bun with side for about 10 or 11 bucks, not bad.  I'd be back.
4	I like this place.  We sat on the patio and had lunch. I have been to the other location several times for breakfast and dinner.  I had the steak salad and it was good.  I would have preferred just a bit more dressing but I would rather it be sparse then to much. One companion had the chicken nachos. They were huge and tasty.  The other companion had a burger.  He seemed to like it.  We had no issues with service or food so they must of worked the kinks out based on earlier reviews.
5	Love this place! Their happy hour is until 8pm. We had chicken nachos for an app, I had a turkey rueben with a side salad w black pepper vinaigrette and my guy had spicy chicken and waffles. Everything was amazing including the service. We got refilled drinks by the dozen and were constantly checked on. It was so good we already know what we want to order next time! A friend went to the one in old town and raved about the breakfast nachos- they come with a side of sausage gravy!! I can't say enough about my excitement of returning to dd!
5	I keep coming back here are keep getting excellent service and terrifically tasty food so what can I say besides IM A FAN! The chorizo Mac n cheese made me want to lick the bowl after we finished an appetizer portion of it. I kind of did, but in a classy way- with my finger! ;) it's that good! The turkey burger was the best I have had in a long time. The pretzel bun is incredible! I finally had breakfast there and it was to die for! Breakfast nachos and a peanut and jelly waffle with syrup and bananas? Yes please! It was a bit much, but we had to do it! There were so many other things on the breakfast menu that I wanted it was hard to decide. I wouldn't do the nachos again by myself, but would definitely split them with others. I want to try some of the mouthwatering omlette's next time. Too many good choices here, they have me hooked.
4	I first experienced the Daily Dose in Scottsdale so when I saw they opened a location in the Biltmore area I was super excited!  One evening my husband I were desperately looking around for a place that either delivered or we could pick up take out.  So I mentioned to my hubby about the new Daily Dose around the corner.  They closed at 9 and we literally called at 8:45 to place 2 full meals, and appetizers.  We ordered a full rack of ribs, salmon, and crab cakes as the appetizer.  The entrees came with julienned veggies and a full salad (house or caesar.)  We are not fans of julienned veggies so those were a waste.  However, the salmon was excellent.  I asked for no BBQ and just had it blackened and well-done (which I love!)  I was given a nice amount of salmon, not a small piece.  For it being the end of the night, the fish was cooked nicely and was still fresh.  My husband got a full rack of ribs and those were amazing.  The only possible complaint I might have about those is that they were a bit salty but I don't cook with salt so that might have been it.  The rib meat literally fell off the bone....so incredible!  I am so happy there is a place by us that has delectable ribs.  If you go to Daily Dose for dinner please try the ribs! They are truly delicious! The crab cakes were quite good; there were three of them atop a bed of a corn salsa.  There were a few sauces including a creme aioli type sauce and green chile salsa.  The cakes were very yummy. When we stopped in to get our food I asked if it was too late to order a sangria which they said it was- bummer.  But, the kind cute little bartender let me have a generous sample of the frozen sangria from their machine-deeeeeelicious!  I can't wait to go back to try more sangria and also more items from the menu.  This restaurant was a little pricey so bring some money honey! $65 was our total.
5	Just ate lunch, great food, fun atmosphere.  I had the turkey burger and combo crispy and sweet potato fries.  I'll definitely come back.
4	Had my doubts as another douche hangout, but it was a great mix of people from the neighborhood on a Saturday AM.Small patio, but looks really nice. We got seated quickly inside. and placed our drink orders with our young new waitress.  We asked what she recommended and she gave us a pretty good lowdown. The Mrs had the breakfast nachos and I had the french toast. The nachos came out huge and full of taste. The french toast looked small when it cam out, but once you dig in, the richness fills ya. So good! She shared and had a great breakfast.Good coffee, good service and good food. We will be back
4	The dose is in my hood!
1	I'm not sure how this place is still in business. This place has so much potential, a nice location and great design. But the service is horrible and the food reminds me of Applebee's.I was sat on the patio in the dark (lights didn't come on for another 15 minutes) and waited for the server to come by and greet me. Then I waited some more. Finally after 10 min I flagged down a busser to look for him. I could understand if the restaurant was packed but there were only about 8 tables in the whole restaurant and a full wait staff. The server had NO knowledge of the wine list or drink menu. And it took me another 5 minutes to get my coctail and a glass of water.He knew even less about the menu. Put int he wrong order for the table, but the food actually come out at a decent ticket time even if it was only 1/2 of what the table ordered. The food was just ok, presentaition was pretty decent but there was NO FLAVOR. The server didn't even come by to check on us, so I had to flag another food runner to get the rest of what we had ordered. (I don't know why I even bothered.)I could stand mediocre food for great service. Likewise, I could stand shoddy service for great food. But this place is hopeless. I thought after being open for a few months they might have worked out a lot of their kinks. Obviously they have a very long way to go.
4	Nice atmosphere, good food and Great service from Samantha S. Note to cook: please add more lemon to the hollandaise sauce on the eggs benedict.Diane N.
4	Unlike some of its other patrons, my experience at Daily Dose Midtown was positive. The service was fast and friendly (though the crowd was light) and the food was reasonably good. It's a clean, comfortable, inviting place to meet friends.  Plus, at bar, the HH price is nice.
4	My new weekend breakfast joint! Love this location and a friendly staff that's always helpful and ready to serve you.  For breakfast, I've had the egg Benedict.  The first time the eggs were cooked perfectly, but the second time a bit over done.  Still yummy and worth the cost.  The biscuits and gravy were ok, not the best and a bit odd in taste-needed salt or seasoning.  I have not tried out their happy hour at this location.  I've tried it at Scottsdale location which I wasn't really impressed.  This location however, I really like and will keep going!
1	BLAND food and poor service.  I've tried four different dishes, an been disappointed every time.  To make things worse, the service was insulting (and I believe our server was a manager)I wont be returning, but Im rooting from them; hopefully they can turn it around.
4	Just what the neighborhood needed: A family restaurant open long hours with a real bar and a nice patio.Breakfast menu features a nice selection of omeletes and pancakes among other things. It's served until 4PM. The coffee is very good. It's not cheap, but you tend to get what you pay for.No real downside perceived here. I'll be back.
4	Great place, nice to have a little local bar in the neighborhood that instantly fits in with the local flavor. I have been there many times already in just the short time they have been open. The, staff are all very attentive and friendly. The food is good and averagly priced. A great little place to stop by after work.
5	J and I went here for a quick breakfast the day after Christmas.  We had Baby C in tow with us.  Can I just say that our waitress was AWESOME!!!  I was changing Baby C's diaper in the bathroom and well, let's just say that his whole outfit needed to be changed.  Oh and the ladies bathroom had a diaper changing station!  So helpful for patrons with little ones still in diapers!  Anyway....By the time I finished cleaning him up and got back to our table.  Our food had already been dropped off.  BUT, my food was no where in sight.  The waitress asked J if she could put my order back up on the pass so it would stay hot.  So when I got back to our table, a minute later, my breakfast arrives.  My breakfast - Peanut Butter and Jelly Pancakes!  Super tasty!  As we were getting ready to leave, I asked our waitress if we could have to go cups for our drinks (my water and J's soda).  She not only brought cups, but they were filled with our beverages.  Seriously awesome grub and service!!
4	The first time that I went to Daily Dose I didn't exactly have a great experience. It took a while to get service and when we did get it, it wasn't great.  I'm happy to say that my next visit was the complete opposite!  We were seated quickly and the servers and I'm assuming this person was a manager was super nice!  I have only tried the appetizers and have been pleased with those. I had the pretzels and the jalapeno chorizo mac n cheese.  The pretzels were pretty good.  It comes with two tasty dips, but the mac n cheese is to die for!  I could eat that dis everyday!  I even took a second order home for my husband to try.  I ended up eating that one too!  Their happy hour prices are pretty good.  I love having so many options!  I will be back!
4	No complaints.. Big portions for what you pay. My turkey sandwich was delicious, and the coffee mugs are huge! Our server was on point as well.
4	Breafast Items to Order:  Healthy:  Turkey Sausage White OutHungover:  Breakfast NachosSomewhere in between:  Chorizo BurittoButtermilk pancakes are also very goodThey also have HH 4-8, if you need a drink a Dr Hendricks is what you need (Hendrick's / St Germain / Pingo Grigio Simple Syrup) and a good Bloody Mary if you like them
4	I was here a couple of weeks back for Smunch.  It was during a bitter cold weekend so as cool as the patio looked there was only one bundled up couple.  The place was busy the whole time we were there and several people waiting for seating as we left.  But we, a party of 12, never felt rushed.Service was very good.  The two waitresses knew the menu and had no problems splitting checks and answering questions.I had the crabby omelet with DD hash and it was very good and I had trouble stuffing it all in.
4	Heard and read about this place a lot before I finally got the chance to pop in. Came last week during my lunch break and my only complaint was not being able to indulge in happy hour and try any of the cocktails (don't think the boss would approve). So I settled for the Caprese Grilled Cheese with a side of Sweet Potato Fries and the waitress so kindly made me an iced chai latte though it was listed as a hot drink only.Everything was TASTY and the menu is huge. There are so many options to choose from - this is definitely one of those places you have to visit multiple times to not only try breakfast, lunch, AND dinner, but all the different dishes they offer for EACH of those courses. As Arnold would say, I'll be bach.**Austrian pronunciation for "back."
1	I've eaten here a few times and am disappointed every time. The food is boring and bland!
3	I have been wanting to try this place for a long time.  Last week was my chance.  Some friends wanted to grab dinner, so we decided on Daily Dose Midtown.  When we arrived it was pretty quiet. It was a Saturday night so I was a little surprised.  Our waitress was nice but slightly flaky.  Every time we asked her a question and she didn't know the answer, she tried to guess the answer rather than just asking someone. Especially when it came to a friend asking about something she is allergic to. She gave us incorrect information on the portion size of an appetizer and she forgot a few things like my friends beer and then said "Oh that's my fault" when he asked if it was coming.  This all went on when it was pretty slow so that to me is either a sign of someone new (which that didn't seem to be the case) or someone just being lazy because it's a slow night.  Her personality was a bit too casual too.  Just enough to be boarder line unprofessional. Not a big deal, it was just noticeable.  The food was ok.  I had a hamburger and I asked for it Medium,  I got what seemed to me to be medium well or even well done. There wasn't any pink at all.  The pretzel bun also seemed kind of dry.  At this point I wasn't going to bother bringing it up to the waitress.  What all seem like bad things, I just had a feeling it was the staff of that night.  The following week some coworkers wanted to go there for lunch so we did.  I figured this would give me an idea of this place.  Right off the service was MUCH better.  Our waitress was attentive and got everything right.  Just her demeanor and professionalism seemed a lot better. The food improved too and it was all in all a better experience.  I think our first time here was a case of the lazy restaurant workers who just didn't want to be there on a Saturday night. Would I recommend?  Yes, give it a try.  I think I really want to try brunch.
4	A nice addition to the camelback corridor dining scene. Went with a group of 5 and we all had a hard time choosing between so many good options. I had the signature burger with Harissa aioli on a pretzel bun--moist, juicy, and full of flavor. And I snagged a bite of the hangover cure breakfast sandwich, which was also good. The space was upscale contemporary if a bit too corporate Starbucks-ish for my tastes, but what it lacked in character it made up for with good food and friendly service. Definitely recommended as a solid neighborhood haunt.
1	I'll start with the good: the happy hour drinks and the patio are pretty freaking awesome. The bad: Ordered the turkey burger because the waitress highly recommended it. I love turkey burgers, so I was SUPER excited. She promised that it was like omg SO good. It wasn't. It was horrible.  I am convinced that they were trying to get rid of soon to be expiring turkey or that she gets some kind of turkey burger bonus. The ugly: we ordered nachos for the table.  They brought the nachos out and we started eating. They came back a few minutes later and said that our plate was actually a special order for another table.  THEY TOOK OUR PARTIALLY EATEN PLATE OF NACOS AND GAVE THEM TO THE RIGHT TABLE.  I wish I was kidding but thIs actually happened. You could tell that our plate had been picked at as well.  That has to be the craziest thing that's ever happened to me at a restaurant.  None of us could believe that happened.  So gross.
3	These guys are doing a pretty good job, the coffee was great (and served in a giant cup). I had a waffle some turkey sausage and 3 eggs. Turkey sausage was very forgettable, the waffle was good, and the eggs were not cooked correctly for over medium. It is in kind of a weird spot a little off the beaten path, but they keep it rocking for Sunday lunch/brunch. I have been to the one in old town and had the breakfast nachos and was excited to try this location. I plan on heading back and taking another shot at something a little more daring on the menu next time. I will say this, their DD left me wishing I had the cottage cheese.
3	My girl loves the raspberry/fruity tea drink. I had a great burger the first visit, the fish tacos tasted better than they looked. 2nd visit... chicken nachos tasted fine, but every other chip I pulled off was stale... I mean a chewy tortilla chip is not good. My girl's fish and chips were fine, her dipping sauce was great. We'll go back for happy hour, for the lower prices.
4	Came here today for the first time for breakfast with my daughter. Service was great. I had the crab cake eggs benedict and my daughter had the kids' pancake stack. A little bit pricey, but for the food and service definitely worth it. Will be back.
3	Great beer selection.  Nice atmosphere.  Good food.  Good service.  A little pricey, but they do have an awesome happy hour that makes it affordable.  I really don't have much to say bad about this place, but something is off and I cannot give it 3 or 4 stars when I would choose about two or three other places to go to in the area before coming there.  They do serve brunch, so if that is your thing maybe throw in an extra star, but its not something I seek out personally.
5	Hi Daily Dose...I love you!I am a breakfast faaaanatic and this is my favorite spot to go for breakfast. They have an amazing selection of different omelets (bacon, meat & cheese, or the roasted turkey are my favorites), they give you the option of cottage cheese, and their DD hash...don't get me started! My taste buds go wild for this place. The DD hash is a must, it isn't even potatoes, it's SQUASH! Squash?? I know what you're thinking...trust me, it's amazing. Of course, a breakfast would not be complete without coffee, and their coffee is another perk to this place. It's always fresh and they give you the option of getting syrups (almond is the best). On some days after my workout I'm feeling extra ris-kay...so I opt for their mixed berry protein pancakes. My first reaction to trying these was to dance in my chair for a good 30 seconds, they are that delicious. Do you tummy a favor and try them! They are huge though, so you can definitely share.
5	Loved this place! Came here because of a recommendation from a coworker and I am so thankful for it. My fiance and I decided to go for dinner and ended up there during happy hour- although that's not tough because it is from 4-8pm. That is unheard of!Great local beers and the nachos were delish! And such good prices!Will definitely be coming back here.
4	I am a new fan of Daily Dose MidTown!My family and I ate there for breakfast, and I went for the Sweet instead of Savory, which is very rare for me, but it turned out to be yummy! I got the PB&J Belgian Waffle. Such a creative dish and so HUGE! The portions here are monstrous, so come here with a big appetite. Others at my table got the prime rib benedict, the breakfast nachos and the berry multigrain pancakes, and all were huge portions. We left full & satisfied.Only withheld a star because there was a 20-minute wait in the hot sun with no chairs or benches to sit on. I feel like this would be an easy accommodation to make guests more comfortable.
4	I ordered the chorizo mac and cheese, turned out to be pretty good. Not a huge fan of the chorizo, but the dish itself was good. Garden salad was pretty decent as well.I just had a glass of water to drink, which came with a cucumber instead of lemon or lime - I don't think I'd make that call.Bread pudding for dessert - it was delicious. It had a deep and rich flavor. Definitely recommended.I'll be back - seems like it would be a good happy hour place as well.
2	I went to the Daily Dose today for breakfast and honestly didn't think much of it. I got the egg sandwich on a bagel and it was one of the most boring least delicious egg sandwiches I have ever had. Anyone who knows me knows that I LOVE a good egg sandwich. I think a good egg sandwich is simple and lets the ingredients speak for themselves. This was not like that. It was on a bagel, which I thought was too much bread for a good bread to filling ratio, it had cold mealy tomatoes on it. The tomatoes made the entire dish cold quickly. I took them off. Overall, this sandwich was just not what I like in an egg sandwich...maybe others will like it, but I just didn't think it had that simple deliciousness that I expect in an egg sandwich. Also, the sandwich came with some potatoes that were pretty standard and some fruit that was just ok. The BF got the pb&j waffle. This was good, but also on the cold side. The PB was on top, but wasn't melty like you would want on top of a waffle. The waffle was a bit soggy, and though it did taste like a pb&j sandwich I'm not sure why you would pay 10$ to have something that tastes like a 1$ or less sandwich you can make at home. Our bill was 30$....there is no way this food is worth that much money. I will say, the service was good and the manager came by a couple times, so that was nice. Despite the good service, the mediocre food and high prices combined with the wealth of good breakfast places in the downtown and midtown areas will keep me from returning to Daily Dose.
4	Loved the breakfast! Protein Berry Pancakes and eggs!
3	I give 3.5 stars for breakfast.  Never had lunch or dinner.  Great breakfast place, Turkey Sausage Omelette,  Hangover Sandwich and Southwest Breakfast wrap are my favorites.  One of the few god breakfast place in the area.
3	Review for brunch only...I woke up on a Sunday morning craving food. I woke up my roommate and used bribery and peer pressure to get him to agree to come out  for brunch. I told him pancakes fix hangovers. I even offered to buy his meal. He said he'd go, and all I had to buy was his first Bloody Mary! DEAL! It happened to be Easter Sunday. I called another restaurant and confirmed they were open, and called Daily Dose - was told they'd be open until 2. Since we can walk to Daily Dose, we opted to check it out. I also called and invited one of my favorite coworkers, who decided to meet us there.The roomie and I started with Bloody Marys, waters and a coffee for me. The server then came back and asked the roommate for his ID. I asked if she wanted mine, too. She did not. BAD FORM! Unless I looked old enough to be his mother (I do not!), we should have both been carded. Servers should know this...it's the kind of thing that is reflected in the tip!All the food was fresh and tasty - portions were ginormous. Crab cake Benedict is one of my new favorite things. Roomie had a burger that he was happy with, and a pancake on the side (gotta love hangover decisions!) I don't remember what the coworker had - I believe it was one of the omelets. We were all quite happy with the flavors, quality and quantity of our selections.The server managed to make a boo-boo on the check. After my roommate and I had our cards run and my coworker had received her change, she came back to the table to inform me that she forgot to put my coffee on the bill - and what should she do? I was totally thrown off by this and answered (probably with more snark than needed in my tone) "wow! looks like you just bought my coffee! thank you!." Seriously? AFTER the bill is paid, you're coming back to tell me you forgot the single cheapest item ordered - the one that cost the restaurant less than a dime, and you think *I* should do something about that? I am sure I'll give DD another shot. The location and menu is too convenient and appealing to pass up entirely. But no matter how great the crab cake Bene was, I left with a bad taste in my mouth and felt regret I hadn't pushed for the other restaurant instead.
4	Let me start by saying I think I prefer the downtown Scottsdale location.  I think the service was a little bit better there.  Food was just as good though.  I love the heart healthy option of egg white omelette with turkey sausage.  I think its called whiteout something...  Comes with a HUGE bowl of fresh fruit!  Hubby likes the steak/prime rib sandwich that comes on a pretzel bun.  He didn't enjoy it as much this last time but it's still a good choice on the menu.  They have a ginger champagne drink... its delicious.  tastes like Gingerale...  tried to make it at home... just didn't taste the same...  DD what's ur secret???  I think they do have a good happy hour but I haven't been to it yet...  Speaking with my other foodie friends... they all enjoy this place as well...  a lot of choices on the menu... Oh and last time there... someone ordered a burger... it looked fantastic... gonna have to try one of those sometime.
4	My favorite place to get breakfast. The staff is awesome, food is great and it won't kill the pockets! now I need to try something off the Lunch and Dinner Menu!
5	We went last night great food drinks and staff we will be back often.
2	Meh.We went here for happy hour.  The happy hour prices aren't that great in my opinion.In fact, I found the happy hour prices to be pretty comparable to other bar's normal prices for beers, snacks, etc.We ordered a few beers.  They were good.  Beer = good.We ordered chicken skewers and pretzels as snacks.  I thought the pretzels were sub par (though I do always compare pretzels to the mall pretzels... mmm... butter = good)Chicken skewers were a bit on the rubbery side.Don't think I'll be coming back.
5	Went to Daily Dose this afternoon for lunch, although we all ended up getting breakfast. Definitely understand why it is SO much busier in the earlier hours of the day. The breakfast is AMAZING! I could have eaten everyone's meals.I go the Hangover Sandwich-perfect. The service was also great.They offer a 50% discount to military, but only when in uniform. My husband is military and since it is Memorial day they still took half off the ENTIRE bill for 4 people. Top notch place.
5	great
5	Cute, bright, and a clean place!  Too hot to sit in the patio, so M and I selected to sit inside.  The place got busier and busier as it got closer to noon.  I ordered breakfast because I never wake up early enough to eat it.  LOL!!!  The meat and cheese omelete, toast, potatoes, etc. were all so good.  The service was great.  I loved the green ice tea....  LOVE it.  The server even gave me a cup to go....  SWEET!
3	My boss and I went there for lunch as we were getting our job trucks washed at a nearby car wash.  we looked up on the internet nearby bar and grills and this place showed up.  A bit of a disappointment as far as a bar and grill, but as far as the food goes, very good.  When we first walked in we did not see a hostess or a sign that stated please wait to be seated, so we took it upon ourselves to sit where ever.  We were then met by someone that asked if we were being helped and we said no.  She said we normally have a hostess, but she was no where to be found.  We both thought that the person that greeted us had a bit of an attitude?  Our waitress, she had a great attitude and made our stay very entertaining.
4	Happy hour is great! Food is good. Beer selection lovely. Skip the berry pancake for breakfast way too much carbs; could not finish it.
4	I grabbed dinner and some brews at Daily Dose Midtown with my friend last night. Great food, great beers, great prices! The burger was exquisite, and with the happy hour prices going 4-9 daily, my adoration for places like Smashburger is in peril.I'm looking forward to future meals at Daily Dose, and plan on returning super soon!
5	We went last night great food drinks and staff we will be back often.
5	The husband and I stopped in here last night for some drinks before grocery shopping. It was a good time.When we arrived at 4pm, it was really dead. We were pretty much the only ones in there. But they let us know right away that we were just in time for happy hour (woohoo!). So we each ordered a drink (he had a beer and then a specialty coffee, I had 3 spiked arnold palmers). The drinks were fantastic! Our waitress was also the bartender, which was cool. We also ordered a couple soft pretzels to start us off. OMG they were good! Super soft with 2 different delicious dipping sauces. Soooo good. Then, we ordered a veggie burger on a pretzel bun and split it. It was big, the waitress put it on two plates for us, we didn't even ask! Super sweet of her. It comes with ketchup and two other sauces. I think one was a cucumber sauce, and the other was just delicious. I have no idea what it is.We hung out and people watched for a few hours. There was some good people watching to be had. The place was pretty mellow, and right down the street from our house. I'm hesitant to put more great details because I really like this place and don't want it to blow up. lol But I will say, we will definitely be going again.
2	I had the soft pretzels and chorizo mac and cheese.  I was really looking forward to moist soft pretzels with some great cheese... the cheese was watery and was not enough for the very dry pretzel.  It really needed salt and butter to make it taste more than just plain bread, or much more cheese to dip it in.  The chorizo mac and cheese sounded delicious and like it would be somewhat spicy, but it was VERY bland.  When I added salt, it wasn't as bad... but it was still very meh.  Not remotely spicy or flavorful.For the price (I spent 18 bucks on these two things), I've definitely had better.  Which bums me out, I've been wanting to try this place since they opened as their menu sounded delicious, with many things that I thought I would love.Happy hour prices were meh.  5 dollar margaritas, 3.75 well, which are comparable or more expensive than any other bar in the area.  Not really worth my time again, and glad I didn't take my boyfriend as he would have likely complained about paying for that.Did not try the breakfast... which is what everyone seems to be raving about.  If you're going, try it for that but skip the dinner menu for sure.
4	A friend introduced me to Daily Dose on Highland a few months ago raving about the breakfast menu and we've returned for lunch and happy hour several times.  I've been back alone several times for lunch.  The kobe beef burgers have been consistently great (I like them best medium rare) and the pretzel buns only enhance the flavor! The sesame chicken skewer appetizers were tasty - just short of being a little dry when I ordered them last week. Servers have always been friendly. On 2 occasions no hostess was present and when she did appear offered no apology for making us wait. I'm sure that will be corrected so I'll be back and will refer friends.  Daily Dose is a great addition to this area.
4	My boyfriend and I have visited this location the past two Saturdays in a row. We had the same server both times (she even remembered us). The food is delicious and the bloody mary's are the main reason why we go! They serve them in a pint glass and not the smaller glasses that some other brunch places in the area offer. The portions are pretty large and Ive had to take leftovers home both times. Favorites are the flannel hash and the biscuits and gravy. We will definitely be back again!
4	I really like this place.   The decor is beautiful, the food is good and their specialty drinks are incredible.  They have a very nice patio.  The staff and bartenders were very friendly and even other customers here seem very friendly.  This is very close to my home and I come here at least once a week.
4	DD is the go to spot when friends and I are looking to get together for breakfast and I've never had a bad experience here.  The staff is great.  They're attentive and friendly.  I like that the manager can always be seen going around asking tables how their meal was.  I had to send something back once and he brought it back and apologized which I appreciated.  Mimosas are good.  Coffee is great.  I go so much that I try to have something different every time, but a girl is always going to have her favorites.  I had the Hangover sandwich last Saturday.  It was delicious.  I don't know what they do to their bacon, maybe they made love to it, but whatever they do it works.   Their Veggie omelette is really good.  Their bagel & lox is something that I'd have no problems not ordering ever again, you're better off having Einstein bros.  Traditional burger is a solid good burger.  I tried their Southwest Flannel Hash recently and it's different.  I haven't quite made up my mind on it yet.  Our server said they make it from scratch, which I love, but maybe if they grilled it to be well done it'd be better. Comes out looking like a pot roast.  I might give it another try before I write it off completely, but I can always stick to their DD hash.
4	First-time diner there. Solid place for lunch. Nice atmosphere inside and I could picture having a nice craft brew on the patio with family or friends. I ordered a burger -- 8 oz. of Kobe, cooked just as I asked, with bacon (mmmmm..bacon...), sauteed onions, basil & lettuce on a pretzel roll. Juicy, tasty, terrific. Should have ordered the 10 oz. version for another $1 more. Very large portion of mixed fries (1/2 reg., 1/2 sweet potato). My colleague had a big veggie burger that she enjoyed, and bowl of sweet potatoes and "other stuff" that was super delicious. Service was attentive and fun. I'll definitely be back. Maybe for "breakfast for lunch" -- the pancake menu (served til 4 p.m.) looked great.
2	I had very low expectations just going in: this looks revolting from the outside. I was quite surprised by the indoors, however. Very swanky and clean! Modern! Nice lighting. The good: The dining room. Already went over that. Honorable mention: The service. Our server was quick, attentive and kind. The bad: The food. I had the green chili chicken enchiladas. Horrifically over seasoned! Every bite was like trying to swallow a forkful of pepper. The enchiladas sat in my stomach like a pair of squeamish bricks that are too afraid to touch each other. Very unsettling. On way out, I had the chance to get a good look at the kitchen area. Not the cleanest kitchen in the world, people. And one of the prep cooks was chewing gum. Unacceptable.  I should have followed my gut instinct and stayed away from this oh-too-familiar bar food cuisine. That's what I get for trying something I was leery about to begin with! I ate over six hours ago and my stomach is still hating me. The two stars are for the cleanliness (of the dining room ONLY) and for the servers.
2	It looks like a lot of the higher reviews are for breakfast. So maybe I'm doing it wrong, but I will never know because I wont be back.I've been here twice for dinner and was not impressed. The first time I tried the mahi sandwich with a side salad. The flavor was good, nice ingredients like avocado and bacon, but the fish was overcooked. I tried to power through because I enjoyed the flavor, but just couldn't get past the rubbery, chewy fish. I ended up just pulling the fish off of the sandwich and finished it as a bacon/veggie sandwich sans fish.I decided to give this place a second chance, maybe the last time was a one-off situation. I ordered the grilled chicken cobb sandwich with fries, and experienced deja vu. I took a bite into the sandwich and the whole piece of chicken slid off with it. Again, the flavor was there, the pretzel bun was good. I tried another bite and couldn't get past the rubbery chicken. I again, pulled the piece of chicken off of the sandwich and ended up eating a bacon/veggie sandwich.If I wanted to eat rubber for dinner, I would just stay at home and gnaw on my dog's Kong. It's too bad because if the fish and chicken were cooked properly, this place would actually be good.
3	Ambiance: much better than I expected since you really can't tell what it looks like from outside except for the patio. Nice booths and overhead lighting. We were at a table and I was surprised by how busy it was in here.Food: I had the Rueben sandwich with apple sauerkraut. I asked the server before ordering it if it was grilled; she said it was. It was definitely not grilled, but rather between two pieces of marble rye toast. The overall flavor was nice: corned beef was well seasoned, the sauerkraut was sweet and tangy, and the sauce was nice, but I wanted more. The cheese, if there was any (I couldn't tell), was paltry. Those that know this sandwich know that it is like a grilled cheese with corned beef, sauerkraut, and thousand island dressing. But this one at least had a nice twist with some green chiles. The fries were pretty good, too.Service: our server was very sweet and efficient. I may come back and give it another shot because it is close by.  That will determine whether   I keep this rating or change it. I usually either really like or hate a place and this place was neither good or bad.
2	We've had good experiences here before, but today didn't cut it.We sat at the bar so we could watch some Sunday football. The bartender greeted us quickly and got our drink order. The Bloody Mary I ordered was horrible. Very watered down and tasted like they put a shot of olive juice in it. I asked if she could spice it up which she tried to do. It didn't help.I ordered the southwestern wrap, it was ok. The avocado's were not ripe and had seed peal left on them.My husband had a burger..it was ok, nothing great.  Overall, service wasn't up to par nor was the food...to many other good choices around. Don't think I'll be back.
4	Wow, the berry pancakes with banana and grain are so good. I'll definitely be back.I can see where the waiting staff might have some timing issues. There seemed to be an overly relaxed vibe amongst the staff which left me scratching my head.But the food more then made up for it and they did pay attention to detail.
5	Normally, I go into these places and then look over the ho-hum menu and get something typical like a burger, but this place has a really exciting menu with all sorts of somewhat unusual food combos.  I'd like to keep coming back and trying them all, frankly, as some of them sounded really interesting.Had the chicken nachos--which certainly was loaded with diced chicken--and felt positively stuffed afterwards.  Granted, I could have boxed up half of it and brought it home but what fun is that?  I can't say it was the best nacho dish I ever had (let's face it, it's all the sloppy sour cream and cheese that makes it sooo fattening but good)...but it WAS filling.  Very.  You get ALOT for your money here of nutritious chicken anyway...good deal!  And not all that fattening since they don't heap on sour cream and cheese but alot of healthy chicken.  Good dish for dieters.Good happy hour menu which lasts from 4-8pm with $2.75 domestic beers on the menu.Good service here, by the way.  Nice people serving a tremendous crowd with a smile no less.  Can't beat that for an evening out.
3	Food is so so. Probably not coming back since I just paid 10 dollars for two glasses of orange juice. Ridiculous. This isn't brunch at the Wrigley mansion.
1	The service was and is always good, however the last 3 times we have dined there our breakfast was served cold.  There is nothing worse than cold eggs!Even tho it is in the neighborhood, not planning on returning.
4	So their portebello brie fondu appetizer is so delicious. It kinda just tastes like very good creme of mushroom soup. The veggies it comes with is three slices of tomatoes, carrots, and cucumber.Their pretzels and cheese is pretty okay. Hardly comes with enough cheese sauce and it costs 75 cents to get more cheese....However, if you order the chips with salsa and guac, you can have unlimited amount of chips.
5	Daily rocks!      Best Banana Nut French Toast ever. If God made anything better he kept it for himself.    Came during lunch and wanted Crab Cakes, but they weren't on the "lunch" menu, BUT the amazing bartender (Drea) hooked me up and they were amazing.      The patio is amazing this time of year. Check them out you won't be disappointed :)
2	Had lunch here the other day and ordered the blue crab cake sandwich and a side of some sort of hash, the waitress suggested. The sandwich was awful. Soggy crab cake that had zero flavor. The "hash" was a bowl of mush. The kids Mac n cheese that my little man got was better than my whole meal. This place may be good for breakfast but this lunch was a mess of mush. Yuck!
2	Costumer service was slow. Took 15 minutes to get our waitress and 15 minutes for our drinks to come.South west wrap, my sister like her wrap, but needs a hint of spice, she said.Banana bread french toast, grandma said it was so sweet. The sauce was drenched when she got it. Definitely no need syrup for these bad boys. She liked her bowl of fruit better.Veggie Omlette with potatoes. VEGGIE, yeah. No veggies. More of cheese and egg whites. didn't finish it. It was too bland, but tapitio and ketchup made it better.  Haha.. my potato was over cooked and had so much season on it. My whole wheat bread tasted old and stale. Im over all disappointed.. shrugs..
2	Daily Dose delivered a dose of disappointment! Customer service is weak! With so many other places in the area this alone ensures I won't be back. Add limited options for vegetarians, ( they do offer tons of sweet carbs), a waitress that doesn't know if you can substitute another side to skip on fatty meat- nor offer to find out (don't worry I can confirm that you CANT substitute any part of the menu), add mediocre food at best, and that my fellow Yelper equals 2 stars. Pass this place.
3	I want so much to love the Daily Dose.  It is in the perfect location for me to make it my go-to spot for weekend brunches.  But I just can't get 100% behind it.  Every time I'm there, I search the extensive menu over and over again for something that jumps out at me.  But every time, I find myself at a loss and just ordering an omelette or french toast or something equally banal.  I'll keep searching, but with every trip my hope dwindles.
5	We are visiting from out of state, were looking for something local and not the usual, so we stopped in. What a pleasant food and social experience, entire staff were friendly, and service was great. We would love to become regulars.
4	Great breakfast joint! The staff was awesome...almost too nice! Breakfast nachos are insane!!!!!!  Have been a few times and haven't been disappointed once.  Definitely worth a try.
3	I'm comparing my experience to their other location...the food seems to be just as good, but not as busy or as upbeat as the Scottsdale location. Most of the waffles or French toast dishes rate high on my list of things to order.  The banana bread french toast is rich, sweet, and delicious (but I'm sure is as bad for you as it sounds). I've tried the peanut butter and jelly waffle. Believe me, it's as weird as it sounds and is definitely something that I think should stay between two pieces of sandwich bread. I absolutely love the strawberry creme brule waffle though. It's simple (more simple than the other two) and delicious!! Their fruit bowls always seem to have fruits that are sweet and tasty. The coffee isn't bad, but also not noteworthy IMHO.  It's definitely a go-to place if I'm meeting a friend for breakfast/brunch.
4	Just stopped in for a casual lunch and service was great.  Solid menu and the southwest wrap was awesome. Really quick to get our food!
2	Daily Dose midtown is a huge disappointment, gave this place a second chance and it is our last. Service couldn't be worse. Most of the staff doesn't seem to care about it's customers or the place itself. This place seemed night and day compared to the Old Town location. Better pick it up or Snooze will hurt their biz for sure.
3	Whenever I come to daily dose, I always get a good meal (good). This location has a little patio with some tables that is great in the nicer weather. Portions are an indulgent size.Last time I was here, I was not too crazy about my chicken wrap with bacon and avocado. My friend and I were so excited about our sweet potato fries until they came out cold!!! That always brings down a star in my book! Our waitress was extremely friendly but kind of slow getting our order and drinks.Regardless, I love to come here occasionally for lunch and drinks. Just hope they redeem themselves.
4	This place would get 5 stars from me but about every third time we go the food is bland. It appears to depend on who is in the kitchen. Most times the food is great, the service is always great! Raymond is awesome.
4	I'll def be back. I really liked there coffee normally I dont like breakfast joint coffee. I liked the breakfast nachos and my son enjoyed his kids meal large portion for only $5
5	Daily Dose has quickly become one of my favorite brunch places. The place is always slammed, but I'm usually alone so I can typically score a spot at the bar pretty quickly. I've also eaten on the patio as well as in the back part of the restaurant. The menu has breakfast and lunch -- omelets, sandwiches, salads, etc. I love the bacon omelet. That dish is more than enough to fill you up. It comes with a side (I usually get fruit), bread (I usually get an English muffin), and choice of potato-type starch. The omelet itself has peppered bacon, mozzarella cheese and tomatoes, and is topped with about a quarter of an avocado -- YUM!! I usually get cranberry juice and coffee to wash it down. On Sundays you can catch several football games on the TVs at the bar. The bartenders have always provided great service.
5	Good location. Great breakfast menu and drink menu. Is starting to become my "come to" spot for a bloody and breakfast.
5	What a great spot! I was just looking for a quick spot for a working lunch, and this certainly fit the bill.  Food was unique, healthy and hearty.  Service was quick and friendly.  Great beer selection.  Can't wait to come back.
1	Went in for breakfast while getting a car wash, i seated myself by the bar b/c no greeter.  waited for about a good 5 minute before they actually acknowledged me (which is a little sad, it's not like I'm terrible looking or something hahah).  Ordered steak and eggs for breakfast, bloody Mary on the side.  Steak...definitely over cooked with no presentation, just a plain slab of meat with no seasoning and some eggs.  Pretentious and over rated.  Definitely not waste your time there.  terrible service and terribly prepared food.
1	I had to give it one star to get in here.   It received an 8 on risk factors on the current inspection list.  I have never seen one that bad.   Yikes.....
3	Nice little spot near frys.  I've tried it twice for breakfast. Nothing that special but then again it's nice and safe for a meeting or work breakfast.Last time I went for a meeting and our server was fine but she did not seem like a happy person.  Usually business will strive if they have employees who enjoy being around people.  Also one of my colleagues asked for a diet coke mid meal... And then she asked 2 other random people after a while and then those people sent our server back over to ask if she can get us anything.  Why did they not just tell her to bring a damn diet coke????  So my friend is like A DIET COKE please.  If the servers could work as a team and help each other out for the good of the customer it would benefit the customer and business for sure.  I felt bad for our server because she has no help!
5	Daily Dose is perfect for that one lazy day. Off the 51 and next to the Michaels for art supplies. The food I might add is great and the health nut menu is perfect.
5	Always great food!! I luv that they have happy hour 7 days a week. This is one of my favorites.
1	The midtown location continues to disappoint with their lack of customer service! We sat for 15 minutes waiting for a server and when she arrived she was not at all apologetic. In fact she asked if we needed more time when we hadn't even gotten water!! Then the food took forever...how long does it take to cook 2 eggs over easy!!Last time I'm coming here!!
5	I can see that this place has been reviewed many times, I'll just add that it was great on a Saturday, plenty of parking because it's in a shopping center, very clean and shiny, cool patio.  I had the veggie omelet, BEST roasted potatoes in town!  very friendly service from Hailey at the bar.
5	If your in the area stop by , this place is awesome and the people are great . Erica and Andrea behind the bar friendly and will greet you with a smile . This place gets packed with people so timing is everything . But it's worth the time to eat great healthy food !
2	I was not impressed at all with my meal. I had asked for my burger to be medium rare and it was way over done. In addition it really needed salt and pepper to improve the flavor. The DD hash that came with it was very disappointing as well. The butternut squash was way over cooked and mushy and it seems to be swimming in grease. Other items that people ordered at my table looked pretty good however so maybe I will give it another shot one day...
1	Do not eat the fruit.  First time I found a hair.  Second time I found a beatle.  There won't be a third time.
5	Chorizo egg Benedict and the bacon omelet high on the list! The coffee was unusually good as well!
5	I've never had a negative experience, from the food to the laid back ambiance, friendly staff and deliciously crafted good-- it's worth any lengthy wait for a table, which you may encounter on a Sunday morning. My personal lunch favorite is the gladiator burger. The red chile cheese sauce is mouth watering. P.s., ask for Haley-- she's the greatest!
4	Came in today to grab a quick bite with my mom. We sat at the bar and were greeted by Andrea who was a great bartender! She provided some recommendations and was friendly. I went with the Mint Strawberry salad...SO good! The salad is huge and they don't skimp on any of the ingredients whether it's the mint, strawberries, gorgonzola or almonds. My mom had the Southwestern Chopped; it was good but I'd suggest adding chicken to it for more flavor.The overall atmosphere was good; it wasn't crowded, had a nice breeze from the patio and it was clean. I'm giving the Midtown Daily Dose 4 stars only because I haven't tried enough of the food to really push that 5 star button.
5	A regular spot for family dinner, love the service and the Mac and Cheese is incredible! Great atmosphere and the menu has a bit of something for everyone. I highly recommend the cinnamon roll with ice cream, oh and the cilantro lime salad dressing (on a salad, not the cinnamon roll) is amazing!
4	I really enjoyed my lunch here.  Great salads, great sandwiches, and a very good drink/bar selection.  It is a nice bonus that they served breakfast all day on the weekends too.
4	Whoa! At first, I thought this place was going to be one of those overrated places, where I'd leave feeling..meh...But I'm happy to report that Daily Dose is legit. I guess it helps that I came here in super starvation mode, so the generous portion here earns an automatic 2 stars. I got the Roasted Turkey omelette, which comes with 3 eggs (I got egg whites...ugh, healthy), your choice of toast, potato, and (thats right, "and" not "or") fruits. The potato is where Daily Dose earns its other 2 stars. It was a much appreciated surprise to see deliciously chopped and baked (fried? cooked? i dont know..) potatoes that compliment my omelette so well. Their multigrain toast also tasted a lot better than it sounds. I love it when my stupid decision to go for the "healthy" option does not taste healthy at all!!! For the price, I'm pretty sure I won this round.They have outside seating, which is awesome in this Phoenix weather. Inside looks nice too. Not to mention, they have a Frys grocery store right next door, and a gas station in the same parking lot..SO I got all my errands done in one spot...pretty darn effective if you ask me.
4	I have to agree with the overall review rating of 3 1/2 stars. I'm just rounding up to four stars because I see the glass half full.First of all, my wife love, love, loves the Banana Bread French Toast and would kill me if she knew I was only giving this place 4 stars. The last time I was here for breakfast, I ordered the Naked French Toast with potatoes. I thought 3 tiny pieces of French toast was a pretty weak menu offering. Plus the service during this visit was slow. I had to lay some cash at my table before I got the check since I had to get to the office. I let the bartender know that I had to split and that the cash was on the table. BTW - They serve alcohol in the morning.Another time I had their burger on a pretzel roll. And it was perfectly cooked and delicious. One of the best burgers I have had in awhile. I also like Daily Dose when I don't feel like fighting the crowds on a Friday night. It's not as busy as some other places so you can kick back and have a cocktail and a mellow meal.
4	I went to The Daily Dose Midtown for lunch. It wasn't very busy so I easily found myself a seat. After reviewing the extensive menu I decided on the Cobb Sandwich which was a delicious grilled chicken breast with blue cheese, lettuce, tomato and I'm probably leaving a few things off, on a pretzel bun. It came with a side (but I was accidentally offered two) of which I chose the sweet potato hash (cubed sweet potatoes, mushrooms and onions), and a side of fruit.  I thought everything was delicious. Would I go back? Absolutely. I caught a peek at someone's salad and it looked amazing. Huge, but amazing. I can't wait to try one next time.
5	I've been going to lunch here for quite a while and I think I've only had one bad thing on the menu.  (Stay away from the chicken fingers, super bland) Hey have an amazing chorizo Mac and cheese, mahi taco, great burgers, prime rib dip, salads and just about anything else has never let me down.  Friendly staff and a nice location.
5	My first visit here I had the hangover sandwich... WOW! I was hooked immediately. The Daily Dose Burger is always prepared to my liking, the Prime Steak Salad is a huge salad and is a delight to my tastebuds! I would stay away from the gravy, it's not what you'd expect from breakfast gravy. The staff is quick, friendly, and on top of their game. I will visit here again and again!
5	My friend and I have been stopping here for breakfast for the past 3 or 4 weeks.  I am very impressed in the consistency of the food and service.  When I go out for breakfast I am not looking for fine dinning service.  I just want my drink and my food, a little conversation, and then my bill.  Daily Dose caters to all my expectations of what a breakfast joint should be. Laid back good food, and service with a smile!  Thanks for becoming my morning go to spot!
3	Good food but slooooowwww service that doesn't check up on you to see if you need anything .
1	This is the second time I've been to this restaurant and both times the service was extremely slow. I will not be coming back here again.
4	Five star food but unfortunately the service is so slow i have to take back a star. We shared the breakfast nachos for the table and it so big, we had trouble finishing. They have some great eggs bene (my favorite) and my grandson loves the pancakes. i've been several times now and the food is always good but so far the service-not so much.
3	Food is good, location is great if you live in the area. Service has been hit or miss. One time no wait by the door, made eye contact with 2 servers and my husband and I waited at the door/hostess stand for 15-20 mins to be seated and said screw it--- left and ate elsewhere. This was on a weekday evening so no chance of special event, and past happy hour. Only disappointing experience. But try the breakfast nachos if you like hearty/savory breakfast options.
4	Awesome food.  Tara was a great server!  AC needs to be turned lower. Our group of 5 was very hot. Waiter at next table sweating pretty much the entire time we were there. Come here often and first time we had this issue. We definitely will return and not let this deter us.
5	Excellent service, great all-day breakfast menu, and a great happy hour. I'm constantly drawn back here for an amazing omelette and a fun crowd. It's an amazing location and it has become my go-to spot for lunch with a friend.
5	First time here with was my wife and granddaughter I had the blue crab cake patty melt which was absolutely incredible my wife had  fish tacos also excellent our  granddaughter had the child's grilled cheese sandwich  it was a full sized sandwich and actually made like you would for an adult definitely a place I would return to
3	I really enjoyed the BBQ chicken flatbread pizza and the accompanying salad during happy hour.  It was a perfectly portioned, tasty and healthy meal for around only $11.00.  We went to Daily Dose again tonight, and I was greatly looking forward to this favorite meal of mine.  Unfortunately, we learned tonight that this item had recently been removed from the menu!  I enjoy the service and the ambiance at this restaurant, as well as the moderate prices.  But, much as I stopped eating at California Pizza Kitchen after they eliminated my beloved roasted garlic chicken pizza there, I am not likely to eat at Daily Dose much in the future, as my most favorite dish there has been eliminated as well.  (Kudos, though, to the Sunday evening manager, whose name I didn't catch, as she graciously offered to attempt to specially prepare this item for me if I came back in on a Sunday.  I may just take her up on her offer...!)
2	Unfortunately Daily Dose has decided to start using cheaper ingredients and has really gone downhill.  They changed their house made turkey sausage for the worse (tastes overcooked, old, frozen) the last 3 times I have been in, so it has not been a 1 time thing.  Last few times have been disappointing, which is a shame as this was once a great breakfast place.  With so many other good options close by, I do not believe we will be making another return visit
5	Don't wait in line at Snooze, go to Daily Dose.  It was not crowded at 10:30 am, super clean, wonderful protein pancakes which were enough for a meal later, great service from Vicki!  and breakfast served until 4!
3	I went to Daily Dose for Sunday breakfast and was ignored for about 10 minutes after being seated.  As I was picking up my phone to call the restaurant to request some coffee, a server appeared.  The young lady appeared irritated that we were there but took our drink order.  Someone must have noticed because a short while later a friendly gal came by to take over our service.  I had the mixed berry protein pancakes and they were delicious!Long story short....a weird experience with the service that ended on a positive note and phenomenal food.  Will definitely give this place another try.
4	This place has a fantastic happy hour that goes until 9pm!!!! RARE. Love that you don't have to rush from the office! And their Happy Hour has a pretty vast selection for both food and drink. And the pretzel rolls...oh the pretzel rolls. Almost all burgers and sandwiches come on them, thankfully!Service has always been great, and the food is awesome! Especially breakfast. Lots and lots of options!We've been to both locations and they are both equally good. But for some reason, other than breakfast this location doesn't ever seem to be as busy; I don't understand why. If you are looking for a new place to try - DO IT! You won't be disappointed.
5	My husband and I were craving breakfast. We had heard good things about Snooze and wanted to try there, but when we went there we were told that the wait is over an hour. I understand that breakfast places are super popular, but who actually wants to wait over an hour to eat? So we decided to try our luck elsewhere. This brought us to the Daily Dose. We were promptly seated and our server was over in a timely manner. We order the quesadilla, portabella mushroom (breakfast menu), and the turkey omelet. The food was delicious! We had so much left over, we were able to have breakfast the next day. It seems like the Daily Dose has a lot of different drink specials.. we didn't try them since we were craving coffees, but I would like to go back to check them out. Overall I highly recommend Daily Dose.. I'm not sure I will try to go back to Snooze since I know that there is a great breakfast place down the street that doesn't make you wait over an hour.
4	My favorite thing about this place is they have happy hour until 730pm! The patio is great and the service was prompt. The portions are humongous and the food was good too. The food wasn't amaaaazing but it was good. My boyfriend got a massive plate of nachos and I got a BLT with sweet potato fries. If you're looking for a good happy hour place to eat and have some drinks in this area, I'd recommend here.
3	Large portions of diner-style food. Prices are reasonable and the atmosphere is nice (both inside and neighborhood-wise).
5	I wish I went there more.  Great happy hour draft specials.  Not just bud or coors, but real microbrews on tap.  Never had a bad meal there, I highly recommend the veggie omelet for breakfast and the chicken nachos and a beer during happy hour.
5	The atmosphere is nice, it's very lively the staff is on top of it. Got the Southwest Flannel Hash it is freaken ahhmaazing! Loved the mixed berry pancakes. Overall, it's a great place. Would definitely come back!
2	HUGE fan of the Scottsdale location, came to check this one out since the wait on Sundays in Old Town is pretty long. (Obvi. The food is great.) I'm writing this review on my phone while we continue to wait for the check. Our waitress went missing a while ago... Not that she was around much to begin with. This was after the hostess forgot about us, even though we were in plain sight the whole time. Food is still good, same offerings as the Scottsdale location. I'd suffer the wait at Old Town for better service. Well... That's my review! Still no sign of the waitress or check.....
3	I went to this restaurant for a group get together, 10 people. There was adequate seating for all of us. The food was prompt, fresh, and tasted amazing..... But when we got our bills, we were a little surprised. The drink menus on the table and the dinner menus had different prices than our bills. When I asked the waitress what was going on, she said she forgot to tell us about the price differences. The restaurant changed prices.  It was not one item but several items. Needless to say 10 people will no longer frequent this place.Different prices from menus to bills is shady business.
5	Erica was great behind the bar this Friday. Quick, attentive and personable. I sat, ate, chatted, and knocked out a cover letter all before lunch... Awesome
1	I've come here A LOT. Today I came for lunch and decided to place an order for take out. Usually we go and have NO ISSUES. This time we were practically ignored while waiting for our take out order, which you order from the bar. We ordered two salads which shouldn't have take 35 minutes to get, but it did. The duck dynasty looking dude at the bar who was getting COMPLETELY WASTED and smelled of alcohol when he walked past us was getting better service. PS it was 12:30 when we were there!!! About 5 people who ordered AFTER us were served their food before ours was ready. When we stood there looking at the bartender with the "where the fuck is our order" glare she told us it was being "boxed up now". 10 minutes later we got our food. I have been there about 6+  times, a few of those were with groups, and I can say I'll never go back. Thanks a lot.
3	The Happy Hour menu has changed.  Our favorite foods are gone!  Happy hour ends at 7:30 and I swear it used to last until 8.  We were so sad to see the changes.
5	I have been here several times for breakfast and I am always really happy with the breakfast menu.  Although they have the usual heavy breakfast items they also have some healthy low calorie options as well.  The atmosphere is nice and the service is always fast and friendly.Today, I really wanted something refreshing while my boyfriend wanted a burger.  I admit that I was a bit skeptical about the lunch/dinner menu but I was pleasantly surprised.  I ordered the strawberry mint salad.  It was amazing!  It was perfect!  It was exactly what I wanted.  My boyfriend was also really happy with his burger.  We also sat outside and the weather was perfect also.  Everything was great!
1	First visit and last visit tonight. Ordered a burger and plate came out with a large hair on it. Ruined my appetite.
5	Amazing! Fantastic! Best food and drink selections for a GREAT price!
5	Moves to Chandler AZ  few weeks ago,  still  not really know my  ways around  and  where to go.a friend take me to Daily dose this morning  ,   and  the food was Fantastic  ,  i  had a Omelet ,  it  was great  , the service was fantastic , i will definitely  keep go there as well.   i also hear that they have another place in Scottsdale  AZ  ,  so i will  go there next time to try.Great Food !!!
2	After five visits, the service keeps getting worse. I thought I'd try take out to avoid that but even that person was just plain angry. I'm a server too, and I LOVE my job and use my hour with people to make others days better... Maybe try that?
4	Interesting menu, great service. Really good alternative to a chain breakfast experience!
4	Bloody Mary is a little on the watery side, but good and spicy! I come here for the breakfast nachos! Can't go wrong with those!
2	*Daily Dose Midtown*Me and a friend had finished our meals and had stayed around to continue in conversation.  We were sitting outside and the weather is nice today so we stayed a while longer. After refilling our water 2 times our waiter (Jesse) comes back as ask us if we could leave (is in he was kicking us out) because it was picking up and the restaurant had started to form a line.... Without fuss I complied and stood up and as I was leaving a nearby couple had asked me if he (the waiter) just asked us to leave... I told them yes. I do not know if that was proper protocol but I must say ... I feel extremely embarrassed, appalled and disrespected. I enjoy the Daily Dose for its food and atmosphere and have come here on multiple occasions and truly loved everything about it. I'm able to separate this experience from those but this none the less is not becoming of a establishment I enjoyed.
5	Absolutely loved this place. Came here twice on my 4 day trip in town. The hamburgers were fantastic topped with bacon and cheese. Sweet potato fries were very good but too salty. My breakfast experience was even better. I ordered the protein pancakes with hash browns and a side of bacon. The bacon was cooked perfect, not too dry or soft. Very meaty and not much fat. The pancakes were likely the best I've ever eaten. Stuffed with fruit and flax seeds, they were delicious. Needless to say, I ate my entire meal. The server commented that it's very rare to eat the entire meal so it's just proof that it was good.
4	Really good food! I had the huevos rancheros burger a that was amazing!! The best selection is decent....had a pumpkin porter which was amazing but not enough selection of dark beer. The beer selection itself wasn't the greatest. The bartender was very nice and made sure I had everything I needed, even when she was running around trying to do a million things at once.
5	This was my first time visiting Daily Dose and I think I got really lucky!  I went for brunch on a Sunday and only had to wait 10-15 minutes for a table on the patio.  The main reason for the 5 stars is because I had one of the best veggie burgers of my life!  If you follow my other reviews, you will see that I'm a big supporter of quality veggie burgers and I try them everywhere I go.  This one was definitely memorable and moves into my top 3 in Phoenix.  The patty is homemade with tasty grains and herbs - not frozen or too hard.  The bun is a fatty delicious pretzel bun which is fantastic but probably not the healthiest option.  It comes with a great yogurt dill sauce that gives it a little Mediterranean flare.  Or it with waffle fries if you're feeling crazy!  If you don't like veggie burgers.... you can't go wrong with any of their pancakes, omelets or breakfast nachos!
5	I have eaten at the daily dose a few times and the food, service, atmosphere have always been stellar! Dog friendly patio too!!! Love this place! My fave dish on the menu: breakfast nachos!!!
5	Been here a couple of times and I'm still wowed. The DD Hash is hands down the best thing since sliced bread. Speaking of sliced bread, I had the best darn gluten free hamburger bun tonight. In fact, I got to order like a semi-normal person, getting the bbq black and blue burger with corn meal onion rings (all gluten free). First time since my allergy diagnosis that I've had onion rings and the only gf bun I've not yanked off rather than eat (and boy did I eat). The service is OUTSTANDING - every time we go. The burger was really fantastic (the quality and preparation was aces). I couldn't have been more pleased. The onion rings were great, but remember I've not been able to eat onion rings in over a year, so your experience may vary. Their green iced tea is great. Our servers always go above and beyond and are more than friendly. Although the line can be long for weekend breakfast and brunch, dinner was easier to be seated, and maybe even more delicious.
5	I recently attended a holiday party at the Daily Dose. Great experience, great food and a very professional staff. I highly recommend using the Daily Dose for your next party!
3	Seated fast and the service was solid.  We were a large group and it was just after 8am.  Went with the breakfast nacho plate along with my friend.  Everyone in the group seemed to enjoy eating our dishes more than their own.  Some did not even finish what they ordered....soda was flat 4 out of 4 glasses too.
3	Ok.. over all review is a 3.. this visit is a 1 for the fact that it is colder in here than the 36 degrees outside!  Ask if the heat was on and they said it was on.  OK, it's not though. It's like eating In a refridgerator.  Oh please let my food stay warm enough to eat while they carry it to the table.
4	We took our second trip to this place today and i was a little disappointed with the service so i had to take away a star. Besides the lack of urgency I got from every employee in the place their food always tastes great. Unfortunately today they served me sunny side up eggs instead of over hard so i had to wait an additional 5 minutes while everyone else at my table ate, but once my food did come, cooked properly, it was tasty! overall this is a great place to grab some breakfast until 4pm any day of the week! i havent tried anything on their lunch or dinner menu, but i plan to go back soon so i can!
2	As a local place i really want this place to be better than it is. Its decent but cant even say its good. There food is consistently decent never good/great. Service is so inconsistent.  Some servers are great some are simply awful. I just watched our waitress stop by the table directly next to us 4 times b4 she came back to check how our food was. By the time she came back to check how the food was i was already finished and my plate was taken by the bus boy. Well if you came by earlier you would have know the side of turkey sausage patties was terrible (btw the menu says links). The links use to be some of the best i had, the turkey patties are not even edible.  I may stop in for lunch or dinner when a desperate last minute decision comes up but other than that ive given up on this place. They have gone down hill and fallen off the cliff.
2	My wife and I went here expecting much better. I had prime rib benedict and it was flavorless. My coke was flat and didn't change after 3 times of sending it back. My wife had the roasted red pepper benedict and said it was bland and wasn't impressed at all. The service however was very good.
