4	Slap bang underneath the castle, this is the heart of Edinburgh's Old Town. Although it's main purpose these days is more for perusing the quirky shops/boutiques by day or boozing by night, I'd guess it's still just as lively and bustling as it ever has been.If it's a pub you're after, you certainly won't be disappointed here: the main street is lined with pubs and bars of varying price ranges, such as the aptly named The Last Drop just in front of one of the city's original hanging spots. Many of these pubs also have their own budget hotels attached, making this neck of the woods ideal for hen/stag parties or birthday groups.If drinking during the day isn't your thing, then you can have a browse through Armstrong's Vintage Clothing Emporium which has been there since 1840 (they have 3 branches across Edinburgh but this is their biggest), or Lookah for any kind of jewellery/pashmina/ehtnic handbag-related bargain you could ever be on the hunt for.Alternatively, there are several lovely restaurants in the Grassmarket, including some very upmarket ones such as The Grain store, on the steep hill winding out of the east corner of the main square. For a slightly more informal meal you should definitely try Petit Paris - their set lunch menu offers excellent value for money and the food's delicious.Come evening, and this is when the Grassmarket area really comes alive. Pubs are full and most definitely lively, and tend to stay that way until midnight or so when people start wandering along the Cowgate in search of a club. It's never going to be the classiest night out of your life, but it will still be a good one.A word of warning - the Grassmarket (and particularly the adjoining Cowgate) can be quite dodgy at night; that's why I'm only giving it 4 stars.
5	On a nice summers day, the majority of people will go to the meadows. But there are no bars in the meadows...!! The grassmarket is brilliant fun.  Although take it from personal experience - during the day is better than during the night. At night time, particularly at the weekend, the grassmarket turns into a hen party and stag do bonanza, as well as student pub crawls and rugby haunts. It can get a bit crazy, and a bit uncomfortable.Which is precisely why I prefer  to come here on a nice hot day and sit outside! You can go for drinks outside at Biddy Mulligens, you can get a tour of the area, you can eat delicious food at the Steak and Mussel Inn or you can go shopping at Godiva. It's a lovely little area.One of my favorite parts is the creperie that always sits in the middle of the square. The staff are lovely and the crepes are delicious!!Overall, I think the Grassmarket is a wonderful part of Edinburgh that should be used more!!
4	The Grassmarket is a diverse, glorious part of Edinburgh brimming with cute, unique shops and lively pub haunts.As the previous reviewers have said, this area gets a bit crazy at night. It can be quite intimidating and leery, which is a shame since a large number of the bars are very nice. But because they are nice, they attract a number of groups, some of which are empty vessels making a lot of noise at three in the morning.But if you visit during the day and early evening, you are treated to lovely bars, pubs, cafe's and shops. This is my first stop for all things vintage, and I often lose myself in Godiva, Barnardos vintage, Armstrong's and Herman Brown. There are also some very cool contemporary shops, including Analogue and the Mutt's Nuts.With its cobbled, winding side streets and unusual attractions off the beaten track, the Grassmarket is sure to impress. Just don't pay a visit at half three on a Friday night. But the same could be said of any city's centre at the weekend.
5	Until recently, Grass Market was a place I had rarely frequented in my time at Edinburgh so far.Lately however, it seems I am spending more time here - throughout the day I make use of the shops, cafe's and pubs. At night, I visit the restaurants, bars and pubs. A lot of pubs.It's always really nice down here, especially if you catch it on a lovely day - the Grass market is right in the centre of the city and the point where you turn the corner and you suddenly spot the castle looming over you is pretty breathtaking. This area can get full of tourists/stag/hen parties which makes it a bit hectic at times, but over all the atmosphere of the whole place is pretty amazing.
3	A couple of weeks ago, I had the misfortune of having to sit next to an annoying, slightly posh hen party on the train from Glasgow to Edinburgh. The bride and one of her coven sat down at my table, and proceeded to whine on about their careers, Weightwatchers, and the new Sex and the City film for the duration of the journey. It was a thoroughly wretched trip, and only got worse near the end as their M&S cava kicked in and the banter switched from low-calorie chicken tikka to how her drip of a future husband was hung like a dormouse.Anyway, come 11 o' clock that night, I've no doubt they and their gaggle would have been down the Grassmarket, crudely propositioning young men and performing degrading acts on a disinterested male stripper. At night, it really is one of the seediest, rowdiest and downright horrible city centre boozing districts I've ever seen, mixing hen / stag parties and rugby funs, surely the most hideous combination imaginable.It looks lovely during the day though.
5	Came to Edinburgh during the Fringe Festival and the Grassmarket was ALWAYS packed with people. Not only does this market have a cafe with AWESOME hot chocolate, but it's so lively even when there werent performances. When my friend and I left our hotel early in the morning to do a bit of exploring as our other friends slept in we walked out and we saw a the market being set up. All the stalls had very interesting things, one even had a box filled with old postcards from all over the place. Grabbed myself two records to take home for my dad and the nice man even gave me an old record for free! Made my day!
3	i actually feel a bit bad writing this review, as i don't think i've ever really gotten a chance to fully experience the grassmarket.  it's an area of edinburgh that has always been just that extra bit out of the way for me so i've not spent much time there.  i think i may be missing out, so hopefully this review will spur me on to return and experience more that this area has to offer.so yes, i've had a few wanders through the grassmarket before and visited a couple of the restuarants.  i remember having a really lovely meal at petit paris and the mussel and steak bar a number of years ago so if i was in the area i would happily return to these places.  i've also had a few drinks in the dragonfly bar which was lovely, but i've not had a chance to return.  i'm aware that the number of bars and pubs here make this a rather lively location on the weekend nights, but i've not had a chance for that experience.i do find this a very popular tourist spot which is probably why i tend to avoid it.  there's nothing wrong with tourists, but as edinburgh is my home, i find that i tend to avoid anywhere that may contain too many tourists stopping suddenly to take a random picture so that i nearly walk into them.  or congregating in groups across the whole pavement so i have to shout excuse me loudly to be able to continue on my way.  perhaps i should up my patience levels a bit, but as this is a tourist hotspot i have to knock a star off for that as i struggle to enjoy areas like this.i do like that this place has a joke shop, costume shop, and vintage clothes shop but i so rarely find an occasion that i would need to visit these places.  there is also the famous hula juice bar which is supposed to be lovely but i've sadly not tried.  so yes, some good places in the grassmarket but not a place i'm overly fussed to make an out of the way visit for.
4	Few good restaurant...Great area for pub crawls...Hasn't changed in years!
4	Oh how I love to walk this Edinburgh "Piazza"! I always feel like being on a small holiday (what ever time of the year) when looking around and it reminds me why I like this city.  The bars and restaurants are suited and plentiful. the square area is inviting and hold many fairs and fetes. You got to love, nay, ADORE the buildings and the side streets. Yes Grassmarket you rock. That said they should ban cars there - it ruins the atmosphere..
3	This area has lots of bars and restaurants, and is probably one of the best places to have a pub crawl.  It's always vibrant and busy.  It's always bustling with hen parties on a Saturday night.  It's nice, and there are the usual suspects, a candy store and a fish and chips shop in the neighbourhood, just for good measure!
4	Theres just something about this street in the city that makes you just feel a sense of mystery or power. It could be the beautiful backdrop of the castle looming over head, or the fact this street is where they used to have public executions. Either way I always feel some ambiance on this street. But whats not to love, theres plenty of pubs to get your drink on and theres a very big diversity in a small area. I love the fact I can get italian food then run next door for traditional UK food if I wanted or even go back a bit and get some tasty french pastries in the little cafe. Theres also a wee bit of shopping across the street or I can just run on up to the royal mile or towards the Uni for all the places up there. There are also always street vendors who sell food thats better then some of the restaurants in the city! I love just walking up grassmarket enjoying the scenery even on a rainy day its still captivating. Go here folks to see a little part of the city thats a bit hidden and off the beaten path.
5	Absolutely fell in love with this place. After the Tattoo, we were trying to find some pubs, it was our first night in town, one of the locals had pointed us in this direction. When we walked down the stairs and saw all the shops, cobblestone streets, pubs, restaurants, I was so excited. The square is a great area for people watching, and it has a ton of things to enjoy. Pretty sure we crawled all the pubs in the square.
4	I very much enjoy my visits to the Grassmarket area, especially since they've pedestrialised more of it. There are markets and shops and all sorts of jolly things.It's where I would go if I was looking for a fairly seedy night out - however there are lots of opportunities for having a slightly classier time. Victoria Street is awesome with great pubs, restaurants and tweed shops.There is a hat shop that sells very nice hats too.
5	How lucky, how fortunate we are to live in a city like Edinburgh, and how much more so that it contains something as flawlessly beautiful as Grassmarket.Broad and cobbled, Grassmarket lies glowing in the sun or sparkling in the rain, garlanded about with a bright wreath of independent shops, taverns, and hotels. It's home, too, to a regular market, which fills its central plaza with life and energy. During August, it becomes a hive of activity for those escaping the pressing throngs of the Royal Mile, busy in its own way but retaining a sense of mischief, fun, and self-identity that never quite gets erased by the descent of the hoards.It was a beautiful day last time I sauntered around the Grassmarket area, and since I was early for a meeting I decided to just sit on one of the benches and do some work. To my amazement, there seemed to be an open BT Wifi connection; I'm not sure how stable it is because I tend to hotspot from my phone instead most of the time, rather than using open networks, but still. You could have knocked me down with a feather.Oh, Grassmarket. What an agent of joy you are and shall ever remain.
5	Grassmarket is the perfect spot in Edinburgh to wander around shops and restaurants. A good bit of the area is blocked off for pedestrians, which is nice. There are quite a few pubs, and I really wanted to crawl through them all. We spent most of our time at The White Hart Inn, following in the footsteps of Robert Burns. If you need some down time between attractions, Grassmarket is the place to be.
5	Aww, Grassmarket.It's a beautiful place. Great view of the castle and lots of pubs for something to eat and drink. A great place to meet up with a friend.
