4	I am regular at this location especially on my way home from Uptown.  I like that I can go in, grab what I need, and get out fairly quickly.  The fresh fruits and fresh vegetables are a staple for me.  When watermelon is in season, I find theirs are always tasty and priced just right!  I have become addicted to watermelon because of ALDI.   The cashiers are always pleasant and quick to ring up the groceries.  Just remember, it's easiest if you bring your own bags.  They are good for shopping and carrying your groceries after checking out.
4	Good prices, hrs could be better. Produce not as good as it used to be. Bananas are usually green. UGH NO! All of the other fruits are pretty good. Convenient.
2	I used to go to this store quite often. It used to be one of my favorite stores because of the prices, the friendly staff, and the easy to navigate through and find set up. Not the case anymore. They totally changed the layout of the store, which makes it harder for me to find the things that I usually buy. Their produce is still at a good price, but since they do not store the produce properly it spoils within a day or two. I have noticed since they have let a few people go, the quality of the food has gone down. I have also noticed that the new employees aren't as friendly,  and some of them have an "I couldn't care less attitude". Not too thrilled with that. I have started buying my produce from another local store,  which I hate, because their prices are too high! Although I never have to take any items back because they spoiled! Peace of mind is everything!  Shop wisely.
4	The food is very affordable. I'm here every week. The only downside is that the fresh produce is very limited. Which is understandable but I come mainly for fresh food so that can be disappointing. Also watch the cashiers bc they scan things so fast and literally throw them into the cart. I have taken hope a busted cup of yogurt and didn't even know. Make sure you check everything before you leave to see if anything is broken or open.
