2	I have an appreciation for nice things and high quality merchandise. Sadly like many other "big name" brands everything looks like everything and everyone else....That is unless the logo or the branding is marked all over the entire thing. Who cares what purse, wallet, scarf, etc you have.....Unless you want the world to know how much money you spend on something....
1	Do not go to this Hermes store.  Let me tell you why.Let me first inform you about Hermes.  It is different from the LVMH conglomerate which owns Louis Vuitton, Moet & Chandon, etc.  Although those stores take exhaustive measures to ensure quality in their products, Hermes specifically is known for their leather goods (Louis Vuitton was first a luggage/chest manufacturer).  Hermes has all been about leather goods- from when they were first catering to high-end equestrian hobbyists.With that said, yes; their leather goods are unparalleled.  The best things in life are free.  The next best things are very, very expensive.  Thus, Hermes.But this store in particular is a big no no.  Sales associates should be helpful to whomever.  However, they were not helpful to me at all.  And no, I wasn't in shorts and t-shirt (regardless, they shouldn't judge), and I wore something decently presentable.  They discriminate relentlessly and act like they have no time for you.  This is a horrible, horrible mistake many people make in luxury retail.  Gucci does not do this.  Louis Vuitton does not do this.I was going to get an Hermes tie for a friend and as I was asking about prints, but the person helping me was just looking away as he was talking.  I'd have to grab his attention if I wanted to ask him something.  There was no one else in the store and he was just waddling around aimlessly around- at least stay nearby so you can make a sale.  But no.If you want to go to an Hermes store and be treated right, go to the one at Crystals, at City Center.  I bought from them a year ago and they were very helpful and receiving.Do not go here.
5	Yes, Hermes. The brand is obscenely expensive, but the quality is evident in each product. This store is particular is excellent. We worked with Allison, who was kind and professional. She was more than anxious to help us and assist us with whatever we needed. Thus, the service here goes above and beyond. Also, my first Hermes clothing article. Yay!
