4	Wet 'n' Wild is now open in Glendale, off Pinnacle Peak on 43rd Ave. This park replaces the now defunct WaterWorld. $30 million was spent on building the 30 new slides and attractions at the brand new park. We checked out the park on one of the season pass holders preview days.This is certainly a hundred times better than the old, crappy Waterworld park. It is by far the best amusement park in Arizona. We had a great time checking out a bunch of the new slides and we will be here often during the hot AZ summer. Lots of big slides for adults and big kids and also a kiddie area for the little ones.I'm giving 4 stars instead of 5 due to the following drawbacks:They charge for parking, even if you are a season pass holder.There is no alcohol served on site.They charge for renting intertubes if you want to use a tube at the wave pool.No towels are provided.Other than these few negatives, Wet 'n' Wild is an impressive waterpark and a much needed addition to the blistering valley of the sun. Go get yourself some Wet 'n' Wild.
4	My husband and I chose to go to Wet 'n Wild for our 5th anniversary mini-celebration and it was a very good choice!  We had never been when it was Waterworld, but my husband had driven by it and told me that it is a lot bigger by far.  We got there 30 minutes before it opened (about 6 days or so after opening day) in order to be able to get past the crowd and beat the afternoon heat.  I had checked the website a couple days before we went to see how much tickets cost, what types of slides they had, and get directions.  I found out that they also have private cabanas around the wave pool.  They are available for $85 on weekdays and $100 on weekends.  Yes, that is a bit expensive, but since it was our anniversary, I thought it would be pretty nice to have this private little spot to make it feel more like a mini-vacation.  The cabanas include a ceiling fan, two lounge chairs, two more chairs, a table, T.V., food and beverage service, and two innertubes.  As we stood in the ticket line, I read the signs they had indicating the prices for tickets and the cabanas.  But when we got up to the window and asked for two adult tickets and a private cabana, we were told the private cabanas wouldn't be ready until next week.  I would have given Wet 'n Wild 5 stars, but that one star is gone b/c I was pretty upset that they advertised the cabanas on the website and even on the ticket counter signs.  If they weren't ready, there should have been an apparent note on the site and some sort of tape or poster covering up that part of the sign at the ticket window!!!!!!!  Since it was opening week, there were actually a lot of things that didn't seem organized.  We couldn't get the cabana, so I wanted to rent innertubes so we wouldn't have to wait around for them in line.  I have been to plenty of waterparks to know how long you sometimes have to wait for tubes as the riders get off the slides.  But, they told us that there was no need to buy them b/c there were plenty.  Well, that might have been the case for the first hour after it opened for the day, but we did have to wait at one of the slides for tubes.  Eventually, we had waited for so long for the double tube, that we gave up and just grabbed individual tubes.  Yes, not a big deal...but enough not to give them that 5th star.  Also, a lot of waterparks don't do well in Arizona b/c of how much hotter it gets here than, let's say, California.  I was a little weirded out to find that there were no misters in the hotter parts of the park.  There weren't as many awnings and coverings as there should have been.  The ground was really hot in some spots where they could have easily put coverings...it's Arizona...it gets HOT!  It was a bit of a pain to have to wear shoes and carry them on to the slides.  Again, not a huge deal...but enough not to get that 5th star.  There were a few slides that were unique to other parks I have been to in California.  As an adult, I found the park to be great for all ages.  The slides that have the large bowls (there are two of them) were extremely fun and gave me quite an adrenaline rush...loved that!  I recommend getting there half an hour before it opens (which is when we arrived).  You are allowed to park, pay, and get lockers before the rides actually open.  But the bathrooms are not open, so change ahead of time.  One last thing, I am used to indoor locker rooms at water parks and I was a bit annoyed to find that I had to leave my cell phone and digital camera in a locker that would soon become a hot house.  I would have thought that in Arizona, they would have at least put 4 walls around the lockers and combined them with the indoor changing rooms and bathrooms...just like all other parks I have been to.  I thought that was a bit weird.All in all, we had a really great time and were happy that we chose to go, even if it was crowded.  There was a perfect amount of scary slides and easy going slides.  We will be heading back next summer!
2	2.5 stars I really dont have much to say about this place that others havent already. I do however know that one day when I went I saw about 5 ppl literally pass out while in line and have to get medical assistance. WTF? no mysters in huge lines? Sounds like a lawsuit waiting to happen when someone collapses and could possibly die... I have never really been one to stand in lines anyway but I did get a season pass none the less, I kinda enjoy the lazy river, although it has no aesthetic value what so ever, but I'm sure in a few yrs the foliage will have grown and it will be a bit nicer. i do think the kids area is nice, all the kids seem to enjoy it. I wish they stayed open later, maybe served beer or something for adults? Oh and really every time i go, its a high school flashback, there are young high school couple groping eachother at every turn, some really going to far for a public place if you ask me, esp. with little kids around too or high school kids talking about who they are gonna fight next or thier next party... but then again it is summer so its almost to be expected. I just still cant believe they dont have mysters... it really blows my mind, so if anyone does have a real good reason why, please tell me so I can stop hating on them for it.
2	Pretty disappointing - I thought this was supposed to be a newly renovated Wet n' Wild?? We've been to the Wet n' Wild in Orlando several times, and that park is what a water park should be. This is a poor imitation.We were looking for something to do with our 3 yr old, who is like a fish in the pool. We figured enough time has gone by since the opening that things at WnW should be running smoothly. We got our tix online, (saved a couple bucks) but the total for 2 adults and one child was still $94. And then $5 for parking, and $6 for a small locker, that takes a bite out of the wallet.This WnW is maybe half the size of the Orlano park. We'd been here when it was Waterworld, and they didn't increase the size one inch, it seems. Just replaced a few slides with some updated ones. Now, I have to say that we didn't even try any of the brand new stuff - most of which looked like a lot of fun - because we were there solely for our kid to have fun. But the lines for all these slides were very long. I talked to some people on the slides, and they said the avg wait was about :30 per slide. Standing in Phx heat for 30 minutes, for a 30 second slide doesn't sound too cool to me.A couple things we noticed right off the bat - in the lazy river and the wave pool, the bottom is chock full of holes and large unpainted spots. Didn't they even paint these things before they reopened as WnW?? Not very impressive.Also - the "kids" that work this place were, for the most part, completely uninterested in their jobs. Now...if you're manning the fry bin at McD's, and the fries cook a little too long, no biggie. But when you have toddlers going down water slides in the kid section, and they're basically beating the crap out of each other to get down the slides and not waiting til the first kid gets out of the way first, causing chaos in the form of little toddler bodies in a crumpled heap.....not good. Not once did I see the girl watching the toddler slide stop the madness once. If you have a small child here...WATCH THEM CLOSELY.I give them 2 stars because my kid had such a ball, and we'll probably buy a season pass next year. (3 visits and it's more than paid for) It's worth it for us to come there 4 or 5 times a year for my son to play, but if I have to wait 30 minutes every time I go down one of the adult slides, that's gonna get old verrrrry fast. At least the lazy river is available.
3	For as many people that attended the day we were there, seems like they would have more attractions. Lines were sooo long. My kids had a great time. The masses of people were mostly under 17 dropped off for all day fun. No parents anywhere. Definitely agree with review that says stay with small children. FYI- no ATMs. Bring cash for parking and everything else. The best snack stand (inside the park, but run independently from the park) takes cash only. The gift store & cafeteria don't give cashback on credit transactions, either.
4	This place is fun and im not just saying that because im intoxicated but because im a season pass holder and cannot drink there which in most cases is a deal breaker but this place is a good fun time.  I live in a development where the condos have a community pool and its great well not really i say that because i dont live in an apartment, either way i pay 40 dollars for unlimited pool access with crazy slides, its fun and in my book worth it being so close to home.  Some things are boring like the lazy river which is more action packed at golfland sunsplash in Mesa but overall lots of fun i def recommend it esp the kids area which is more fun then the wave pool anyday although im not sure if im allowed to use it.MY HELPFUL HINTS!!! PLEASE READ ON!!!1. Locker rentals are 7 dollars and stuff is left all over so im pretty sure you can leave your stuff anywhere and no one will touch it! Save some cash!2. Your feet will be destroyed, really its sad the cement is either hot or "spikey" you will understand, get cheap flip flops again like before no one will take them its comfortable and safe!3. The roller coaster ride is scary and the 6 rainbow slides are a quick line and fun, hit them up first because it sets you up to get excited for the crazier slides!Those are my tips! BTW DONT GET THE CHIPSTICKS THEY ARE POTATO CHIPS THAT ARE NOT GOOD OR WORTH 5 DOLLARS, really they are not good, look cool but not good!
4	Just got back from a fun filled day with my husband and seven 13 year old boys at Wet 'n' Wild.  Not sure what I expected, but I was completely wowed!  We had a blast. Arrived right before opening, rented a cabana, and started having a great day.  Before lunch we hit ALL of the slides several times with little or no lines.  Now, it was only a 78 degree Sunday in May (can you believe it!!!) but the crowds were not there.   After lunch we did start to see more people arrive as the lines grew longer, so we spent the next few hours hanging out in the wave pool. The slides were FUN and FAST!  As a Mom, I was very impressed with their construction and the water cleanliness.  Lifeguard staff was very attentive and plentiful.  Security seemed to be well handled with several pairs of off duty Phoenix PD walking around.  Food choices were good.  Plenty of lounge chairs and lots of shade.  Landscaping was attractive and there are even a few mature trees.The reasons i did not give Wet 'n' Wild the 5th star are:1.  $34.99 price is pretty steep  (but for a limited time can be applied toward a $60.00 season pass)2.  $6 parking is ridiculous3.  having to rent a tube for the wave pool is wrong, tubes should be included with the high entry fee4.  Tried to contact Wet 'n' Wild for several weeks through voice mail and email to arrange this birthday party and NO ONE EVER RETURNED A CALL OR EMAIL.Now having said all of that, why aren't there more water parks in the Phoenix area?  We live in hotter-that-hell summer... someone build more water parks and they will come! Especially good ones like Wet 'n' Wild.Did I buy season passes?  No, but I would if it were closer.  it is a 30 minute drive from my home in Scottsdale.  It was a great place to spend the day with my pack of boys!
4	Wet N' Wild in one hand was very fun and cool..but in the other it had some flaws. 1. The lines are very long lines and some of you who think that's not their fault..your partially wrong. They are a million dollar business and only have 13 rides and attractions need to build more in my opinion, that will shorten up the lines a little bit and make it much more fun. 2. The concrete. Its either hot,spikey or both..if you plan on going there for a fun day BRING WATER SHOES,FLIP FLOPS OR CROCKS! i tried walking on that concrete in bar feet and it HURT!!! Water World at least put a special coating on the concrete to make it not as hot. 3. FAKE GRASS!!! WHO IN THEIR RIGHT MIND PUTS FAKE GRASS IN A WATER PARK? IS IT JUST ME OR WHEN IT GETS REALLY HOT YOU WANT TO LAY IN SOME NICE REFRESHING SOFT GRASS? WELL GUESS WHAT? YOU CANT DO THAT AT WET N WILD BECAUSE THEIR GRASS IF FAKE! ALL FAKE, HARD, CRUNCHY GRASS THAT ISNT REFRESHING IN ANYWAY. those are only three of the flaws they have! Now other than the flaws..wet n wild is a great water park for all ages..they have a little bit of everything a kids area..the lazy river for relaxing..then of course the actual reason for going, the rides. My favorite is TORNADO. Your heart is racing as you are in line watching people go down then you have the twenty to thirty seconds of relaxing as you go through the tunnel..the drop of course which gets yur heart rate up high ( especially if you go backwards like i always do.) After the drop you have the swaying back and forth in the funnel and as you reach the end of the funnel you get the ice cold water on your head drenching you in water from head to toe. Once you pass the ice cold water coming from above you enter the small kitty pool at the end of the ride where you get out of the inner toob and get ready for the next ride. Another favorite of mine is the MAMMOTH FALLS. All the fun of the white water rafting with a 52 foot drop off towards the end..as soon as you think its going to end you once again head up about 40 feet up the upward slope then once again feel the stomach dropping feeling of coming down into another kitty pool where you once again exit the ride. And my final favoirte is the RAGING RIVER. You are going down hill and making what seems like VERY high turn but you are really only about a foot up the side of the turning wall..while heading down the ride you go not to fast but fast enough for it to be fun plus the sharp turns and high turns..all equal a fantastic ride. either than the few flaws i listed the water park would be 5 stars.
2	Considering the high hopes I had for this place, it saddens me to rate it so poorly. However, I still have one more ticket since I purchased the $34 option, which lets you visit the waterpark twice.From the top: Parking - $5. Really? Its only five Washingtons, but is it really vital to charge for parking when your stack of Georges should be saved for all the overpriced beverages and food within the park? The lockers? $7 - fair rental fee. Instead of handing you an annoying key you have to tie into your bikini all day, Wet'n'Wild gives a barcode stamped wristband that you just place next to a sensor and your exact locker opens up. Pretty snazzy. Gotta love technology.The rides? I went on a Saturday, mid July. Recipe for annoyance, unless you're a super patient person. Lets just say, throughout the four hour duration, I went on FOUR rides. NOT including the wave pool (SAME as sunsplash, but this one lets you go beyond the redline-the lifeguards are more chill here) and the lazy river. The river has a nice design to it, but no shade, nor squirting water relief. I'm not even gonna lie, this place was packed. Unlike Sunsplash the population consisted more of my age group rather than families. I intend to use my second pass on a week day, and cross my fingers that the wait in line is reasonable.Whats NOT reasonable, you ask? Hm, perhaps TWO  HOURS? Yeah, no. I sat that one out and basked in the wave pool under the shade... washed up on "shore" like a beached whale. Nice visual, eh? You're welcome.Conclusion to all my ranting: If you come, come on a weekday.
2	A) 4 stars if you go on Thursday at 5pm when the park is open until 10pmB) 3 stars if you go on Friday or Saturday at 5pm when the park is open until 10pmC) 2 stars for employeesD) 2 stars for foodE) 1 star for customer serviceF) 1 star for birthday parties A & B) The best time to go, when you'll only have to wait 10 minutes or so at the slides, is on a Thursday night at 5pm. It's still light until about 8:00pm and it's warm until the park closes.Any other time you'll have to wait 30 minutes to over an hour for a good slide ride. Even though they have coverings and misters along most of the stairwells, there are expanses when you are exposed to the sun with no covering or misters in slow-moving lines.Wet N Wild's operating schedule isn't good either. Starting on August 16th the park isn't even open during the week.C) I've encountered some pleasant and helpful employees but they are the exception. Many are rude and oblivious to customers.D) The food is just okay and over-priced. You can tell the hot food is cooked ahead of time and kept in warmers. A slice of just okay tasting lukewarm pizza is $4.00 and a large coke (the size of a medium) is $3.75. A skimpy Caesar salad is $9.00E) If you have a problem go immediately to Guest Relations and insist on speaking to a manager. Otherwise you will never get help. The red-shirt employees (who claim to have no authority) will just direct you to blue-shirt employees who are supposedly in a supervisory capacity. Their response is they will "tell someone to take care of it" but nothing is done. Do not wait until you exit the park and assume you can call or use the contact form on their website, no one ever responds to either. When you call you have a series of automated choices; if you leave a message no one will call back. A hint is although the phone recording never says 0 is an option to push, you will get a live person if you do.F) I would say do not, under any circumstances, book one of their birthday party packages. The designated area is rather isolated, not near lockers, and unless you have someone who is willing to sit there the entire time, a very easy place for anyone to pick up a gift and take off with it. You are supposed to show your birthday or group pass to go through the entrance path with an employee posted but the whole area is open and I saw numerous people come and go from the sides.The food is set up buffet style for all birthday parties that are happening that day. All parties are scheduled from 11am to "close" (but that's always 5pm even if the park closes at 10pm)  with the food available until 2pm. The day we went there were 8 other parties. You get in a line at the buffet and the food could run out before you get to it. The food is brought out from a building where it's originally heated up, then put inside lidded metal pans. The macaroni and cheese was sticky and cold. The hot dogs were barely warm. The buns were cold. There is also a small basket or two with bags of chips and those go quickly. The cupcakes are brought out after 2pm and left to sit on the tables, by then everyone has headed to the attractions.The worse set up, which initially sounds like the best, is for the drinks. You get "free endless" drinks from 2 soda dispensers in a separate building. That building also accommodates any booked groups. The day we had our party, the line for the group people was 20 minutes long. When questioned what to do, the manager (who disappeared soon after 11am), 3 red-shirt employees, and 1 blue-shirt employee all told us birthday people didn't have to wait in the drink line and to come in the opposite door and cut the line. Sure it's easy to say that when you aren't the one confronted with irritated hot people who have stood in line forever waiting for drinks. I did as the manager and employees said and cut. You wouldn't believe the dirty looks and foul comments. Most people from my party and the 8 other birthdays opted to go purchase their own drinks from a concession stand rather than cut line. Even if you want to cut it's difficult to get in there to even get cups. An employee should be inside the building at all times and direct the birthday people to the drink dispensers. The employees said they had a group of 1500 that day and it wasn't usually bad. But I went to a different party weeks later and the same thing was going on. Employees say "if you have any problem just tell them we said to do it". Uh, is that after you get a drink thrown in your face? Also the drinks are to be available "all day" (which is 5pm even when the park closes at 10pm) but the dispensers had run out of drinks at 3:30pm and the next time at 3pm. Both times we were told by employees they would tell someone to take care of it which turned out to mean the building was locked up and no soda was available again.
4	This place used to be the old waterworld and they have completely redone the place. I believe they have installed about 8 new slides/attractions and they are by far the best water park out there. Plan on spending all day at the park as you wont want to leave! There can be long lines at certain times of the day, especially when school is out and all the kids are there! The food on site is decent, but not great. Some areas of the park have cement and it can be hot to walk on, may want to bring water socks to wear while at that park.
2	I grew up in the West Valley, and I was so disappointed when Water world closed down. I loved everything about that place from the urban myth that someone died on Mt. Kilimanjaro to the crusty nachos. But when Wet'n'Wild started to build those brightly colored slides I got over my disappointment. Only to be let down again.Not only is Wet'n'Wild WAY overpriced, but Waterworld offered much more to do for a day's visit. The slides are fun once or twice, but the two hour wait is not worth it. And even the wave pool has lost its old luster. I guess everyone has to visit Wet'n'Wild at least once to get it out of their system. And to see just how the hell that funnel-looking contraption works. Take it from me, Wet'n'Wild is just not worth it.
4	I had much needed fun here at Wet 'n' Wild! The last time I was at a water park was back in the late 90's in Hawaii. The rides were fun and clean and everyone was having a blast. The staff was very helpful and the park was kept clean. The food was pretty expensive so we didn't eat here but they had quite a good selection of German candy so I bought a few bags.You get a wrist band that has a magnetic strip on the inside when you rent a locker and you can use this to scan at the rides to take a photo of you at the most dramatic part of the water ride. Great idea but majority of them weren't working. I was told that seems to be the theme of this place and they take forever to fix something. I was hoping to walk out of there with tons of pictures of mine and my fiance's faces making goofy looks. We walked outwith 2 and looking at one of them that was enough. The look on my face was....well, priceless. There are no words to describe this. LOLI will definately come back to this water park inthe near future!!
3	Finally succumbed and bought season passes for me and the kids. The price tag is a bit high but I figure if we go just twice this year it has paid for itself. However, expect to fork over at least $20 a trip for the locker rental (mandatory if you plan to participate in sliding - if just lounging then don't bother), and snacks (a giant pretzel and churro was about $8). One trick - get the kids a regular season pass and have the adult buy the gold pass so you can get the free parking, 5 free tube rentals, free guest admission on certain weekends and 10% off your food purchases (combo's only at Point Break cafe). The kids can bring a friend on certain weekends for $10 - still not bad. However, I wouldn't buy passes until your kid is at least 42" so they can do most of the rides - otherwise you are stuck at the kiddie area and that gets real old real fast. Another trick - pack plenty of bottled water - it's the only thing other than baby food/formula you can bring inside the park. Seeing as how a bottle of water is almost $2 this will save you bunches. While you can't keep it cold since no coolers are allowed, at least you will stay hydrated while standing in line for an hour or more to do the rides. The place is big enough and there are plenty of seats or loungers if you get there early enough - however - another tip - check the lounge chairs before you claim them - many are broken and will only lie flat. We went on Mother's Day so the place wasn't that bad as far as waiting, but two rides weren't operational - one being built and the other one - the Cactus Cooler (lazy river - mom's fave) was completely empty. Hope that's not the case the next time around! Last word of advice - get there early to claim your spot, then leave for lunch then come back. No sense spending $5 on a hot dog when you can get a healthy sub sandwich across the way and re-enter. Otherwise, the place is clean, family friendly, and the kids love it - so what can I say? It's for the kids - not me - however they will be tired at the end of the day and that makes all our lives easier!
3	Kudos to Phoenix for opening a bigger and better waterpark. There is still a LONG way to go, but I enjoyed my trip here. Just go ahead and buy a season pass if you plan on coming more than once, because it will save you money. The process takes longer than it should and cuts into water-play time. The locker system is nice since its a wristband and not a key that stabs you on slides and you have the fear of losing all day. (10 bucks is silly for a locker, but they have you stuck here!) Some of the slides are REALLY fun! A bit more advanced and "daring" than the other parks in town. They are newer, more colorful, and there are options for all ages. I'm sure per usual the "lazy river" and "wave pool" are full of pee. However they put enough chlorine in the water to basically blind you, so I assume the disease risk is low! There are a lot of annoying teenagers here. I was once one of those, though, so I fully understand. Seems like a good summer deal for teens since there really is a LOT of staff and supervision. The ground is freaking HOT! I don't get why AZ doesn't have different flooring or water sprinklers on the ground at these water parks!? It's hot enough to scorch the hide right off your feet. So, unless you are a total dork like me who doesn't care and will wear "water socks", you are either going to have to risk losing a flip flop on a slide or not walk a couple days after being here due to 3rd degree burns! Next issue? BEES! I saw 3 kids get stung when I was here. I actually left a line for a slide because they were buzzing all around me and I HATE them. As far as waterparks go in AZ, this is the best one. I suggest a cooler for your car so you can pack a lunch to eat there and save money. The food is not good and overpriced. It is however an awkward parking lot as it is all DIRT so you get muddy if you are wet and get slapped with dust while in the park if a gust of wind kicks up! Plus, you have to pay 10 bucks to park. No booze served, obviously... but "someone" told me you can hide some in the car and head out if you feel the need for a cold one. Have fun and don some cool water socks! Plus, wear a secure top- some of those slides are so fast it will pull your suit right off! (Yep, that was me).
2	I went Thursday evening around 6 PM. The lines were long, there were a lot of people. the rides had lines almost down to the ground.I went again Friday 7 PM for the dive in movie.There were sooooo many ppl  it was difficult to enjoy the experience.The wave pool: I could not swim or ride the waves for 2 ft without bumping into somebody.People were screaming everywhere, lots of hair, debris, bugs in there.I even stepped on a stray swim suit bottom lol.Waves come every 5 min or so and there are about 10-20 waves each time. They come from different directions, and depending on where you're at (especially in the shallow end) you can get hit really hard.My swim suit almost fell off so I suggest wearing something sturdy.A kid puked in the wave pool, thats when I exited. People still swam in there after she puked.Lazy river "cactus cooler"...You can only get on and get off in a designated area.There was a line. Took a while to secure a tube (everybody is required to ride a tube in the lazy river)After one trip around the river, we all got kicked out.I know other people waiting in line should be given a chance, but it was kind of lame from a paying customer's point of view.The rides: I went on the red one... raging river or whatever its called.The ride was kind of chill, lots of splashing. A bit cold for the night.The wait was reallllly long, all the way to the ground and then more lines on the ground.I got on a turquoise-blue-green water slide. It was alright, but not a thriller.The movie... the screen was a tiny little blow up thing erected on the side of the wave pool.I was kind of disappointed.I thought it would be on the huge wall on the deep side of the wave pool or something.The cameras for some of the scarier rides take pix of your party,its around 10.99 each.Every time I go either the cameras/ system is broken so I'm guessing its not reliable.The kiosk for the photos/ lockers have almost nobody during the PM so we had to wait 5 min to get somebody to help us just to know that our ride's (raging river/ red ride)'s camera was broken.Parking is 7 bucks.Small lockers are 7 bucks. They give you a bright pink RFID bracelet (waterproof)Tube rental: one person "O" tube is 6 bucks and the double "8" tube is 12 bucks.They don't let you bring your own floatie or beverages into the park. Lame.No alcohol permitted either.There's a line for everything: rides, food, bathroom, etc.Only thing there's no line for is the wave pool which is usually pretty crowded.Ride reviews:Red one (raging river): 3-4 person tube/ raft ride. Not scary, pretty chill. Goes back and forth as you ride down and splashes you.Green and blue toilet ride: Two person tubeFUN but not scary (well, maybe the initial fall for a breif moment)You go down a tunnel, ride the walls of a "toilet bowl" round and round three times (kinda slow) and get flushed backwards into the final tunnel. They take your pix.yellow and green "serpintine?" water roller coaster type of deal.You ride a 2 person tubeThey make you fall steep, then shoot you up again rapidly. Go through tunnels and repeat.Super fun you get splashed. But keep your butt up bc the falls hurt.Rainbow slide "desert racer":Not as extreme as it looks. They give you a blue foam sled with handles on it. You go face first into a tunnel.Some sharp turns and lots of speed.You get spit out into an open slide, one moderate bump,if you have enough speed you'll catch some air and get Splashed in the face."Tornado" ... the marigold and blue funnel4 person tube.They send you down a dark tunnel.Then you see light, a SHARP fall along the edge of the funnel.My stomach freaked (zero gravity free fall!).You get slid up on the funnel pretty high,fall, and slide again,do that about four times (each time less higher than the other as the funnel gets narrower)and get flushed out of the funnel into the hole in the back.They take your photos here so make a funny face when you're riding the first fall.Lazy river is a lot more chill and enjoyable when there are less ppl around, but tubes tend to clump together. since you have very little control of your speed. Grab a double tube, lay back, put a hat on your face and relax.Wave pool is more fun when you go in the deep end with a tubeNot many ppl are in the deep end so its pretty chill there and I like the thrill of my feet not touching the ground.I have a season pass, it used to be less crowded at the beginning of this month but now its way too crowded to enjoy. Bleh.
4	Well, I wish the lines were a little shorter... 15 minutes is better than Disney, but this ain't Disney... They do have the best water rides here though (and lots of them). My kids were impressed with the "play area", Amy liked the wave pool and the "lazy river", while I gravitated towards the big rides. Some of which I'm amazed they even let children ride. The bathrooms are clean, staff is friendly, and the changing area is decent. Keep in mind that the ticket price is only half the battle - allow for tube rental, lockers, parking, and snacks when you plan this trip. FYI - you CAN bring your own unopened water bottles with you. When we bought our tickets they had a buy once use twice special going (so we will be back later this summer).
1	Way to much money for this place. The lines for the rides move very slow. We had to stand in line for 45 min to ride something that takes 30 seconds. I will only do that once. You wont find me comin back. The lazy river is boring with no atmosphere at all. Its like being on a tube in your own pool with a current. Kids area I will say is cool. But as cool as some of the rides are it just takes way to long to to ride them. $40 to get in. We were there from 10-3 and we only were able to ride 3 rides and spend about 20 min in the wave pool and a lap around the very boring lazy river. BOO to the Wet N Wild. Being in Phoenix you would think that we of all places would have the biggest and best water parks in the country. We have the worst. What a major disappointment just like everything else in Phoenix. Its the same as it was when it was waterworld but with a few more slides. Go to Golfland Sunsplash for the best waterpark in the valley, and its half the price!!
3	.I'm a little stuck up when it comes to water parks since i grew up in CA going to some pretty cool ones. This place is alright, better than other here in AZ i have seen. one would think though that living in the f-ing desert we would have the dopest water park around...but hey who am i to judge?!Anyway...the cost is what you would expect- not on the cheap side.the rides are alright and i love the lazy river.cool locker system... no key. it will open up to the barcode on the wristband you will wear.BRING FLIP FLOPS to wear walking around the park. you will have to take them off before you get on the rides...the ground is just to flippen hot to be walking around barefoot. For reals
1	I've been going to Wet n Wild for two years now.  Have decided NOT to purchase another season pass for next year.  It just isn't getting any better, last year was not half as bad as this year. Too crowded.  Too many rowdy teenagers.  Not enough staff nor security for all the people and the many rowdy teenagers.  Fights break out and security is NO WHERE to be found.  So many people - they should consider limiting the number of people they allow in - or staff it better.  Lines for the rides are tooooo long... due to TOOO many people they let in.There is often NO PLACE to sit so you find yourself sitting on the ground trying to get a patch of shade.  Why?  Due to toooooo many people they let in.  The wave pool is dangerous!  It is too small so you are constantly bumping into someone or the wall.  They let some people in with tubes to the wave pool which just makes it all that much crowded.  The waves are more like many large continuous bumps or ripples.  The waves never break so you are just going up and down back and forth bumping into people and walls.  Very dangerous in my opinion.  Mix those "waves" in with rowdy bully big kids/teenagers and there are little kids getting hurt left and right!  Lifeguards do not seem to notice or stop any of it.Their computer system for tickets, the rides and the wave pool are broken more often than not.  The prices for food are ridiculous but they do not allow you to bring in your own food or drinks - unless it's a water bottle.  You have to pay for parking which I found a bit overpriced as well considering where it's located.   They need to consider a sprinkler system for going back and forth to rides.  The ground is just wicked hot.  Even the fake grass burns your foot.
5	Wheeeee!!!! A rollercoaster POWERED BY WATER!!! What is better than the incredible brilliance of someone who actually decided to use gravity at it's best to create an incredibly good time???The lines typically move fairly quickly, as long as the ride is functioning properly.  This is NOT the old Waterworld where you had to figure out how to push yourself down the Black Hole while sitting in your tube.  This park actually has treadmill-like things that will send you down at the proper time.Oh, and carrying around a massive tube all around the park?  Doesn't exist anymore.  Most of these rides have their own tubes which are recycled amongst the riders.  When done, you hand it off to the next person waiting to get in line with a tube.They have also built shades all around on the walkways so you don't burn your feet... as much.  I still highly suggest you wear your water shoes!  There are places to put your water shoes down before you enter each ride or the wave pool... and your pair of $5 shoes won't walk anywhere... there are another 100 pairs all around yours.A little tip... Get the season pass.  You will get here one day, and you will want to come back.  The season pass pays for itself if you come more than once a year.  Also... if you come enough, get the Gold pass... you get free parking.Definitely recommended to come here...
4	Okay I must admit this is my first  visit to a water park, ever. I'm not a fan of crowds. And I picked a great day to go the park. I wanted to treat the boys to a last of summer hurrah and they really wanted to go to WnW (they went last year with a camp). So I did some research, read reviews here and went on their website - they offer a discounted price Mon - Wed - that must mean there are less people there on those days! Yeah I believe it was true!Tuesday morning I'm on the website and ordering the discounted tickets only to get a message that I "timed out" please check your email in 60 minutes to see if your order went through. What? I need to leave now since I have to drive an hour to get there. They are only open from 11 - 5 in August. We ate lunch on the way and arrived at 1pm.So we leave the house thinking I'll check email on my phone. It takes an hour almost exactly from my S. Gilbert home. We pay for parking ($7)which I find so strange except I'm hoping this means less of a chance of someone breaking into my car where I've left a few valuables. We walk to the ticket counter and I tell her my story of the website. She checked the computer and determined my order didn't go through and honored the discounted rate of $109 for four people. I didn't know what to expect or what to bring so I'm telling you in case you are wondering too:I brought a big beach bag with sunscreen, four towels, a change of clothes for all and a liter of water for all, and cash. You really don't need towels, nice to have but it's dry here you will dry off fast. The change of clothes was nice to have as we went to dinner after. A hair brush would have been nice to have too.Bring more then a liter for each person it's dry and hot and if you are like me and scream you will need more water. I left the beach bag on the lounge chair in the shade and rented a locker for car keys and cash. Peace of Mind.Next time I would bring sunglasses like Oakley's that fit well and wear them on the rides. It was awful not to wear any.Everyone wore flip flops - must have - wear them through the lines then slip them on your hands/wrist/arms when you ride. (Some cool girl in line explained this to me.) Some kids leave them next to the line but then you have to run on very, very hot cement to get them after the ride. I heard a kid tell his parents - "my flip flop broke so I took another pair that looked like them." I didn't hear his parents say anything like put them back. So keep yours close.We rode the tornado, raging river, Phoenix something, toilet bowl and m (something) falls, constrictor, wave pool. Tornado was the best we did that  twice. The Phoenix was fun but no misters made it too hot. Everything else was misted on this 108* day. The wave pool wasn't too crowded but definitely the most. I could see my smaller guy get in a bit of trouble in the waves in the deep end, the waves can be big and strong - scary. The only thing we bought was three Icee's for $14 and it was worth it. In the end a very good day - everyone had fun no complaints. I could give it five stars but it's my first, I hate to think this is the best and no misters at the Phoenix ride.
3	As a Las Vegan, I have countless fond memories of the Wet N Wild there.  It was pretty much an institution for kids and teenagers in Las Vegas in the late 90's and early 2000's.  Now it is closed :(My wife and I made a road trip to Phoenix's Wet N Wild to relive some of that childhood joy.  We are older now (27) but still were still excited.  I'll cut to the chase:  it was still fun but the lines severely curtail your good time.  We went on a weekday toward the end of summer and some lines were over a half hour.  Only towards the final two hours of the day did the lines start to diminish.  We determined that it was not so much the amount of people, but the lack of a proper number of larger rafts for the rides that require them.  On some rides (the "red one" and the one where you go up a wall then come back down) you can go 5 minutes without seeing anyone on the slide.All of the rides were a good time, and I wouldn't say there is a dud among them.  The Constrictor does indeed have tight turns but is over too quickly.  The "water coaster" ride lives up to it's billing and was the best one by far.  Make sure you ride in the front of your two-person tube on that one.  The ride where you fly up a wall, then practically free fall back down is a heartstopper, as is the Twister (a cone on its side).The lockers are a bit pricey ($7/$8/$9) but are worth it since you get a wrist band which provides you access all day with no key to lose.  The pizza in the restaurant was good and reasonably priced ($6 for a quarter of a pizza, plenty for two adults).  The Lazy River is useless.  The Lazy River in Vegas used to allow you to get from ride to ride without walking on the scorching pavement.  The Lazy River in Phoenix is a purposeless float off to the side of all the rides.It was a good time and I'm sure kids would have a blast.  For the discerning adult, it'd probably be wise to avoid weekends.
4	This place just keeps getting better!We've been visiting this park since the original WaterWorld days.  We had season passes when it reopened a couple years ago as Wet n Wild.  We didn't visit last year but did once this summer.  I was very pleased to see that they improved a few things since 2 seasons ago.First improvement: a new ride - The Constrictor.  The kids (11 & 12yr old boys) thought it was the best ride in the park.  I can't comment as I did not try it.Second improvement: Shade!  I was impressed with all the shade that was added over the faux grass / beach areas.Third improvement: The entrance/exit to the wave pool.  I don't know how much of an improvement it was but the chaos seemed a little less.Overall, this may be the best park in Phoenix.  I still prefer the "real" waves at Big Surf over the stupid swells of the the wave pool here, but the number of slides at Wet N Wild can't be beat in the Phx area.My biggest complaint is the lines.  I hate waiting 20+ minutes for a 1 minute ride.  Again, I'm glad this park keeps improving.  Next year I see us getting season passes.  They more than pay for themselves on the 3rd visit.
3	This is a typical water park.  Nothing outstanding but we had a great time.  My advice is to try and avoid lines by going early Sunday morning.  We went late Saturday and early Sunday morning on the two day pass.  A good value.  We went on most of the rides Sunday morning as Saturday was an absolute zoo.  If you go when it's busy rent a tube so you have half a chance to ride something.  And remember to bring water of your own.  Here is a little tip - if you like to be cooled off sit by the little kids playground. You can get cooled off by spray, there is shade, and you can walk without flip flops all over it.  Just learn to live with screaming kids, it's worth it to be cooled off.  And bring your flip flops!!!
3	Pros: Great slides and lots of play areas! It also seems cleaner than many other similar places.Cons: Expensive! You also have to pay to part here   :|   the lines were also really long, and the whole park was jam-packed!
1	Not worth it! Too expensive and too much waiting in line!
4	Today was my first time to Wet n Wild and overall it was OK. The slides and water attractions were awesome but the service was lacking. My family and I rented a cabana for 100$, which was very nice with lounge chairs, chairs, a ceiling fan, a TV (With directv), and a free tube rental. Also there's pretty much no point in renting tubes because there's plenty of tubes at the rides and having one does not speed up the line process. People were also just taking the tubes from one ride to another. The rental does not include a deposit so that's a bummer. The food service which was part of the cabana experience, which we thought was a good idea turned out to be a not so great experience. It took much longer than if we were to have gotten our food on our own. The locker system was very cool, you get a wristband that opens your locker instead of a key. The lines weren't too bad even for a holiday weekend. Overall I had a good time, but I definitely was glad I didn't pay for the season pass. I will go back just maybe for the twilight deal. 5-10 for 20 bucks.
3	Not only the tickets are high they also charge you to park your car. The line for each ride is so long, minimum wait is 30 minutes. It's super duper crowded in the wave pool. Fun activity for a family I guess but I'll have to figure out a non-busy day to give it a try again.
4	great entertainment for all ages! the lines seem long but actually run smoothly as if stratigically planned.side entertainment is ongoing just in case you need a break from the water (or the kids). some slides are very intimidating but once you face your fears and take the plunge, you see how safe they were designed, making it that much easier to go on all the others.
3	the lines are sooo long after 12:30pm so if you DO NOT WANT TO WAIT FOREVER- get to W&W as soon as it opens! I listed to the reviews here on yelp & I kept my sandals on whole time! food= expensive so if I were you I would pack my lunch (keep it in the car in an ice chest then when its time to eat walk your but to your car) &  grub out! All you'll need is your hand stamped to get back in(: also be prepared to see plenty of people wearing things that they shouldn't yes, My eyes were offend {come on people dress for your body type}
4	Pretty cool water park. Pricey for the limited slide options you have but I went on a Sunday and the lines werent so bad, so it was worth my while. Lots of covered lounge chairs. Mist sprayers while your waiting in line. Wristband keys for the lockers was a pretty cool thing. They have a small lazy river if you wanna just chill and lounge in the water (my fave thing to do). Definitely would come again :)
1	I am unsure as to why this place is supposed to be so great.  When they took over Waterworld they marketed it as if they completely redid everything, remodeling the whole place to make it totally awesome.  Well lets see, they added some slides. Put up some new signs, and put in hi-tech lockers.  That is about all I could see as far as remodel.  The boy and I used to frequent WW at least once a summer and once we saw the prices of its replacement decided it was not worth it.  However, this year we received free entry passes, so we figured why not.... Sadly we still fee ripped off.$7 to park, surely they must of added coverage to the parking lot to justify the price right? I mean it is AZ.. in SUMMER, the only reason to pay to park is if it is covered... no such luck.The "security" at the front checking bags and purses....yeah, I get it, they are 16 and getting paid minimum wage to stand in the sun all day... but the dude didn't even look down at the table to pretend like he was looking at my purse or bag.... should of brought a flask, would of made the day more fun!The lockers were neat, no annoying key to lose...that was about the only upside of the whole place.  Mind you the girl at the locker rental told us about a million times that we MUST use the PINK lockers because that is what we had paid for... ok, cool..I like pink and the $7 "small" lockers were actually good sized.  She even wrote a big P on my wrist band... you know in case I forgot in the 5 ft walk to the lockers.... Well, funny thing is that after all of that the computerized lockers promptly told me that my band was only good for the ORANGE lockers... which you know made sense considering my wrist band was ORANGE.... sigh... maybe she missed the color day in Kindergarten.We got to the wave pool..it was fine, nothing special.  Went to the lazy river.... YUCK!  I don't know when the last time it was cleaned was?!?!  I understand it is summer in AZ, we do get winds and they do blow leaves into the water... but Damn!  You could barely see the water for all the debris, there was a bandaid stuck to one of the walls.  And it looked like the river surface had not been resurfaced in at least 15 years, definitely not when the "remodel" took place when WnW took over!The lines for all of the slides were at least 100 people deep and not really moving too fast, so we skipped them...wasn't worth it.We knew that food and drink would be way overpriced and mediocre at best, so we ate before we got there... Good thing too, these prices were in fair competition with Disneyland food prices, and everyone knows what a rip off that is!Overall:The only thing remotely cool about the place was the electronic lockers.  The staff was all on their teenage first job power trips, it was far too crowded to have much fun, it wasn't that clean, and all prices were far overpriced for what you are getting.  I am not shocked by the shitty reviews the place has, just shocked that they aren't doing something to change...For goodness sake Salt River Tubing has better reviews than this place, and people poo and puke in that river!
4	This place...Ah what can I say...it was FUN! Probably the best water park I been to here in the state of Arizona. There were many rides to ride on and the lines were not too ridiculously long. I spent about a whole day here and got to ride all the rides. There were a few adrenaline rushing rides that would put butterflies in your stomach. The place was pretty clean and well kept and the lifeguards weren't lazy to do their jobs. This is definitely a great place to spend some time at for the summer and get away from the scorching desert heat.I would definitely recommend this to a friend and come back here again! A great place to spend time with your family and kids.
4	Took my kids here on a family vacation from Vegas.  Since we don't have a waterpark in Vegas (yet) thought it would be a good idea.  We went during the week from about 10am to 6pm.  It was pretty fun. The water playground in the middle for the younger ones was awesome.  As well as the new "mini" rides that my 4 year old could go on.  My kids had alot of fun.  The adult rides were pretty good too...although kind of a long wait on some of them.  It got a little busy in the middle of the day but didn't last too long.  It was blazing hot but followed the advice of many and wore flip flops and watershoes to the park and just put them on our arms when we went down the slides.  All in all it was a fun day.  Food prices are high but that's to be expected from a park like this....you can leave but just splash out the extra $$ for the convenience of not having to leave.  Pros - Great place for kids.  Go on and off peak day and you'll be able to ride the slides no prob.  Don't go in the middle of summer, on a holiday weekend and then get pissed why its so busy.  Plenty of shade.  Locker system is awesome...beats the old key thingCons - Admission price was kinda high...try and catch a deal or coupons.  Did get a little busy but go early or later and you'll be fine.  Not enough single person extreme rides.  No huge tall slides =(  Overall, nice place, just don't be a retard and go at the peak times and get all grumpy about how busy it is.
4	I am def a fan of wet n wild. I have been to the park three times. Yes it's overpriced but we do honestly have to get over it. Go on a weekday and go at night! I seriously almost fainted the last time I went waiting in line though and got stung by a bee. I STILL HAD FUN THOUGH!
3	Realizing that I live so close to a water park I decided to finally check it out and gathered a small group of friends to go. Fortunately we had been planning on going around the time a Deal Chicken coupon popped up for the park for $20 admission and free soda all day. Sounds great!Now I'm not surprised that this place was crowded because let's face it we are in the middle of the desert and we need all the help we can get to stay cool and have fun outside in the heat. We presented our coupons, paid, got tickets and wristbands and preceded in. The one thing we had been worried about getting is a locker but it they have a far amount of them in three different sizes and the locking mechanic is kinda neat. One person in your party gets a wristband with a sensor on it. Then you just go to one of the rows that have lockers matching the colors on your wristband, slap it on a sensor there, and voila a locker pops open for you! No having to worry about losing a key or what have you!Right as you walk in there is a line for lockers but there's also an area to rent either a single or double rider tube. And I will say this: RENT A TUBE! It felt like we spent more time waiting for tubes then we did waiting in line for rides. Mostly this was because some of the attendants didn't care when someone came down in a park tube and just grabbed it and ran back up instead of handing it off to the next person in line. (Some did though and for those I thank you! I understand wanting to ride over and over again but there are only so many park tubes per ride and having to wait 15-20 minutes to get one before you can go get in line for the actual ride was a bummer.)Also we made the mistake of going to the Raging River/Mammoth Falls first and what a disaster that was! We waited almost an hour in line and the wait is mostly because this is a ride where big tubes are provided so you don't have to drag any up yourself. But there seemed to be only four of them and they slowly get cranked up to the top. And once you get up top you realize that there is only one person up there sending people down both rides. I would highly suggest skipping this as the five second ride back down was not worth the long wait. Instead rent a tube and have fun on going on the tube rides, especially since with your own tube you won't have to wait to get one. Oh and bring flip flops or water shoes! You would think that with the light concrete it wouldn't be that bad but it was still brutal on bare feet! My poor boyfriend had to go buy some water shoes because he came in Converse without thinking about it and there's more open spots baking in the sun then shade to walk through. The free soda all day was a nice perk that made the ticket price worth it as we stopped for drinks a couple of times. Sharky's Eats & Drinks by the wave pool did run out of overpriced hot dogs and hamburgers by the time we were hungry around 1PM but the fries we got were good and you get a massive basket of them. There are other treats scattered around the park such as Dippin' Dots, kettle corn, snow cones, etc but they're all pricey as you can imagine. You can always pack food and keep it in a cooler in the car since you can get stamped on the way out to come back into the park if you want to save a few bucks.I'm not sure when I'll go again but I wouldn't turn down another day if friends invited me to go.
4	This park is way better than big surf! It's bigger and has more slides. The place was packed when I went and is closer for the people who live in west phx. I went on two rides before I got a headache. Note to self do not come here after a long day at the hospital lol! I went with some school mates and enjoyed the lazy river and the wave pool. By the way the wave pool was different a little ruff for me but it swirls you. I got a wrist band for all you can drink soda for $7 i think with unlimited refills so worth it! My ticket was like $21 dollars from dealchicken, but i saw it on amazon as well. I'd bring the kiddies here! PS you have to pay for parking which was weird because this place had no surroundings besides the park I feel like charging for parking is a big park kind of think like at a disneyland or great america where there is a city around it. $7 to park ekk. I loved the little kids playground so cool! Will be back with my nieces when they visit!
4	great for the kids. Gets really busy on the special days like bring a freind day or other coupon days. Large park with pleaty of rides to keep you entertained. They have a wrist band system of under 42 in, 42in to 44in, above 44in and such check online before you go.
4	All I can say to the people who think this place is expensive: You have never actually BEEN to a theme park that's expensive.Granted, we are Phoenicians so coming back on a season pass is obviously an option but even if you compare the other stuff to, say Six Flags Hurricane Harbor in NJ (we went a few months ago while visiting the family), this place is a WHOLE lot cheaper and so much easier to get around. Lockers: $7 here vs. $20 at SFUnlimited fountain drink wristband: $7 (our family used one and we all shared) vs. not available at SF (but they DO offer a $10 souvenir cup that's refillable for $1)Parking:  $7 vs. $25 at SF (no, that's not a typ-o; and you'll feel like you walked to Philly by the time you get to the actual entrance)Food items were in line with SF but not as high as Disney/Universal.My sons, age 7 & 10 had a blast today! Also, I couldn't belive how quickly we got back to our car! Other places like SF and Disney you walk forever! Granted, they're a lot bigger, but I feel like there's so much wasted space around the entrance/exit points at those places..Great park layout.Very clean as well.We'll be regulars now that the kids are old enough to enjoy all the rides.
5	This water park has been here for a few years and I had yet to make it out. Groupon offered a deal for 20/pp and unlimited drinks (fountain that is..sadly).I decided to take the family and with the extra cash saved rent a cabana. I am really glad I did. We had an absolute blast here. It was clean and well maintained. The Cabana service staff was attentive and spectacular. The kids area was something my 2 year old could enjoy while my older kids and husband were able to attack the wave pool and multiple slide and have a good time.What did mom do? Sat in the cabana and watched the football game...AHHH peace and quiet! (Except when I was screaming at the TV). They have satellite in all Cabana's).The food was not extremely cheap but it was reasonable for this type of environment.I am sad I waited so long to actually come to Wet N Wild as I would have liked to have more time to visit more than once this summer.I am really thinking about getting passes for next summer.
4	Awesome waterpark, being recently built, all of the attractions are modern and creative. We went near the end of the season and the crowds weren't too bad. We also used a groupon kind of thing that got us discounted admission and unlimited soft drinks. We rented a cabana, which is a terrific idea if you have kids, by the way. If they lowered the prices on those, I'd be really likely to do it again (and considering we were the only ones using one apparently, I think they could increase revenue.)Wet and Wild loses a star because they desperately need to fix their misting systems and/or recoat the surfaces on the stairs, sidewalks, and handrails all over the park. This is Arizona and those things are consistently hot enough to burn, especially with the long lines that can build up while waiting for some of the slides, it is especially important. Otherwise, it was a pretty good experience!
5	I had a great tour at Wet N' Wild this morning. I was impressed with this park.
4	Love this place, the kids & I always have fun here in the summers. I have been to all the water parks in the Greater Phoenix area (meaning including all the cities that surround Phoenix), and this one is the best.
4	First visit and definitely not my last. Glad I did my homework though because what could have been a VERY expensive visit ended up not being so bad. The slides and kids' area is well staffed although a tad bit micromanaged. I get it because safety MUST be a priority but there is a fine line that must be hard to dance around. We went in the middle of the week and the lines weren't terrible, but as the day wore on, it got pretty crowded. The Lazy River is a bit TOO lazy for my taste, but the wave pool is fun and the little kids' play area is just right for a variety of age groups. Here are the tips I was given to make W-n-W a fun visit that won't break the bank. 1) Get there early so you can get a spot in the shade. This is critical because well...Arizona is hot. (duh)2) Pack your own lunch in a cooler to leave in your car. When you want to eat, go out to the car and enjoy a picnic lunch there. This saved me AT LEAST $100 because food is RIDICULOUSLY expensive. 3) You CAN bring in sealed water bottles to the park. Sippy cups have to be empty so unless you are breastfeeding, don't expect your little ones to have their juices or anything like that brought in.4) WEAR FLIP FLOPS or AQUA SOCKS. The ground is searing and when you are waiting to get on some of these slides, your feet will melt off--literally-if you aren't wearing shoes. 5) Save-Around guide has discount coupons if you're only going once and Luke AFB has discounts for Vets and current military. However, if you are planning to go multiple times this summer, the summer pass is worth it. 6) Only bring in what you absolutely need. Lockers are pricey and if you buy your tickets online, you won't even need to bring in your wallet and can lock it in the trunk of your car. 7) Sunscreen sunscreen sunscreen. Oh and sunscreen.
5	We were therefrom opening until 5:30pm, awesome time!!  The line were pretty good all day until around 3pm or so.  But the wave pool the kids area is always on a walk in basis.  A must on these HOT summer days!!
2	So disappointed in this waterpark!  This was the final one we had to hit on the local waterpark rounds.  First off, it's the most expensive.  We added the extended pass for $1 more,  but still twice the price as the others.  The lines were HORRENDOUS!  And it was a Monday, can't imagine you ride more than two rides on a weekend.  IDK but they seemed to wait forever before sending the next rider down, so maybe they need to work on their timing.  Also, I think they purposely do not have enough inner tubes, so you have to rent one or you are waiting in a forever line just to get a tube.The rides here are pretty tame.  Having experienced Wet n Wild in Vegas, I was expecting this one to also have more to offer in the adrenaline department.  The only screaming came from the freakishly cold water.   I do have to say this is the cleanest waterpark I have ever seen.  It is by far the furthest away from me, and not sure if it's even worth it to drive all the way over there- even if it is free.
3	Needs updating. Paying for parking is outrageous. $7 to park. In an un-secure no shade parking lot.  Stupid. If it wasn't so hot they would make no money. Crappy place to take kids. Never did see a lifeguard so not sure what the deal is with that. The season pass is a good deal for kids under 12. I wouldnt bother for kids over that age or younger than 3.
2	First off, I am a fan. I have a season pass. It's close. The rides have variety. The staff is attentive to safety.I can't say I am overwhelmed, but it is as advertised. That being said, I'm reviewing after my visit today.*** They've recently implemented the XPress Band System, which is basically a poorly thought out imitation of the Disneyland Fastpass. Though I can see how this would be a good thing, they've implemented the program a bit prematurely. Instead of waiting in line with the shade and the misters, you are now waiting in a line "before the line" if that makes any sense. For example, the ride Mammoth Falls involves a stairway of several stories before you get to ride the raft. Today we waited, sweating on the sidewalk below, watching the cool mist coat the empty stairs for 20 minutes before we were allowed to hoof it up the stairs for the additional 10 minute wait to ride the raft. (For those of you thinking it would be more comfortable being wet to begin with,... I was soaked from the wave pool prior to the line, dry in 5, dripping in sweat after that). I get that the lines can be long, and I understand the appeal to minimize this wait. However, it's Phoenix. It's hot. I do not comprehend why this new system would have been implemented before the entire line area is in the shade and misted.I do believe this is an error of judgment, both hospitality and safety wise, on behalf of the management team of Wet'n'Wild and do sincerely hope this decision is reversed or at least temporarily retracted until the line areas are modified to accommodate, not only the XPass users, but also the regular pass members who are glad for comfortable conversation during the wait times with misters to stave off heat stroke.
3	This WAS a five star waterpark for a desert!! I only rated the park a 3 star because now my saftey and my kids saftey are at risk..  If we want to go on the rides anyway.  They have recently started an xpass.  If you dont want to pay an extra $20-$30 extra per ticket for the xpass..  Then you have to stand in line,  in the hot sun,  at the bottom of the stairs.. (only one ride has shade while waiting).  People are getting dehydrated and passing out from heat stroke left and right. We come here to cool off..  Not be passing out from heat stroke.  If you havent passed out by now..  You will..  Just try being extreamly hot and trucking it up 3-4 flights of stairs to wait some more!!!  Why couldnt we have just waited on the stairs??  Where $1,000's of $$'s have been spent putting shades up and misters in the right spots to keep us cool while we wait.  I have bought a season pass every year since they opened wet and wild..  But if this doesnt get fixed..  And fast...  This will be my last season there. Which is sad!
3	Long lines, crowded, and too expensive.  But...it's Phoenix in the summer, so if you get a deal (like free tickets) I guess it's worth it.  Send the kids to the lines and hang out and people watch.
2	I really enjoyed myself here and had a chance to ride everything since it was late summer.  They have some of the better water rides I have ever experienced and the water was a perfect temperature everywhere.  The problem is, it is just too expensive.  The cost of the ticket is one thing, but they nickel and dime you every step of the way.  You have to pay $7 to park and there is no getting around that.  The least they could do for that is build a garage or have some shaded parking.  There are none of those bags for valuables you get at a lot of pools or water parks, so you either have to carry your stuff around or spend another 7 or 8 dollars on a locker.  Concessions are sky high, but not a surprise for a theme park.  The tubes are like $6 too.  What really made me upset is there are two family rides that seat about five or six passengers.  The lines were named for the rides, but we had no idea which name was which.  These lines move the slowest for some reason (you would think they would move faster with more passengers) and they are mostly in the sun, also all of the misters are on the stairs on the way up where no one is standing and none are on the actual line.  We lined up in the line to the right because we wanted to ride the ride on the right (made sense to me) and got to the top to learn we were in line for the ride on the left and could not change.  They could have done a better job of labeling it or had a little courtesy towards our misunderstanding.  I am glad I came and rode the rides, but in the future I would probably never return.  I have heard how packed it can be during peak times and could imagine waiting for tubes and rides.  I think I would rather save my money at one of the valley's other water attractions without all of the hidden fees and rudeness.
1	...an addendum ... I copied my review directly to Wet 'n'Wild in light of the safety concern. To date, there has been no response. FYI  Take it as you will.
1	We got season passes for the whole family to go here this summer.  We went a total of four times.  Shortly after we purchased our passes they had a sale they ran all Summer long were you purchased a regular ticket and could get back in as much as you wanted for the rest of the summer.  The very thing I paid twice as much for just a few days before.  The lines seemed to get longer with very visit and to top everything off they changed the way the lines worked on our last visit.  Now to accommodate a new express wristband the line were no longer going up the stairs.  Instead they were on the ground, often, in the sun with nothing to cool you off.We waited 20 plus minutes for our favorite ride and only 4 people used those wristbands.  To be honest that did not bug me.  It was however madding to stand in the sun burning up waiting to get on the ride.  It was so bad that after just 2 rides my 8 year old said to was too hot to wait on any more.  So we left.Seriously when an 8 year old wants to leave a water park because it is too hot you have screwed something up bad.We won't be going back this year or any time ever.
3	We have been to many waterparks.  it was ok.  Our kids are teens now,  and we did everything offered for a few hours.  get there early, like 10am.  we were ready to go when it was getting really busy and the lines were long....around 1pm.  they seemed to have a lot to offer for food.  the wave pool was lame.  Lazy river is boring. We are spoiled as we are a family that is totally into everything water.
2	The rides are fun but the reason i'm giving it 2 stars is because the reasons are very annoying to me - there is no, like, NO shade when you are in between rides or you want to sit down for a snack. second reason - I brought a little cooler with plenty of ice & water bottles. wanted to refill the waters at some point & there was seriously no water fountains to be had, so you had to refill waters in the bathroom eeeuuuwwh! I wasn't about to do that so obviously I had to break down & hit the snack bar - what a scam! it's like they gotcha where they want you. no thx
4	We stopped here on a visit with some friends in AZ and spent the day at the park. The slides were a lot of fun. There were a lot of slides that you will see across most parks (at least that I've been to), but then there were some pretty awesome slides, like the one that actually is a "water coaster" that has uphill sliding in it. That was pretty awesome! I'll definitely be back on my next visit to AZ.
4	The waterpark itself is great. I like the different areas for all the members of the family to be involved. I only wished that everything was working all the time. It is a bummer when you get there and parts are broken down. It would also be nice if they could maintain the bathrooms better. The food and drinks are mediocre and over priced for sure.
1	Please go to the not recommended list on here to see what wet n wild is really like. My family and I LOVED it until the line system changed, now it's just dangerous. Especially for children. Please see the bit recommended list.
5	We love this place! My husband and I love this place.Rides- Tornado scary and fun, most of the rides are great!! They do need to add a few more rides.Staff- their ok I guess( some rude ones )Food - Expensive and not that good quality cons- restroom and lines (people with VIP go first ? come on All in All Fun place for the family there Jr/kiddy section very cool ( if only I was 3 feet tall lol) I recommend  this place in a heart beat, have fun guys !
2	I honestly am not too impressed with this water park. It costs $40 dollars for your basic at the gate entry and the way the park is and the size I would suggest it costing $25 for entry.  The size of the park is not all that large and while there are a few decent slides to go on. The organization and general flow of the lines is atrocious. I went on a monday just now and a fairly slow day that wasn't overly packed.  However, the people working the slides had little regard when it came to directing people to the slides. Because of this multiple people would all be waiting for one slide while there would be 3 available. Instead of getting people out of the way so others could get on a slide. This caused the lines to take an excessive amount of time instead of a quick easy flow that could be easily fixed. Also to include that most of the kids working there were not very friendly or personable. They weren't necessarily mean or rude, but more so lacked personality and interest. The lazy river was very generic and lacked detail. It was a very simple concept of a lazy river.  My opinion is it could be much better to include some arches of water drips and and some rock walls with some water falls for some variety. Oh, and every slide was an inner tube slide.  My guess for that is because of how hot it gets here and it is for a reason so people don't have to sit down on hot plastic.  But to not have any adult slides that were just basic water slides was mildly disappointing. I mean the little kiddie play section had normal slides, but unless I missed them completely I didn't see any others. And sometimes those are nice in the heat because you get covered in water completely rather than some splashes from the tube slides. I mean it is a water park afterall.Lastly, the final thing I can think of is while I was in the wave pool I grabbed the edge of the pool that had a "safety bar" to stretch my arm and I had a whistle blown at me to get off of it. The only reason this really bothered me was that the bars are clearly there as a safety measure.  What if someone was struggling and needed to use that to catch their breath in the pool. Anyway, overall it was an okay experience for a hot day.  I did have some fun and with a few minor improvements I think this could be a much better park to visit on hot days. But for now I'll try some other places out.
1	Way to expensive, long wait times for the slides, the staff are very rude.... Never again
1	This park doesn't even deserve one star.. I paid $200 for 2 gold season passes and they treated me and my friend horribly.  First off 3 of the rides were closed which is understandable but how is it they can't maintain their equipment to the point that they have 3 rides closed at the same time? Me and my friends had the express bands and we were waiting in line for one of the rides that were shut down at the time because they said that it was going to be open soon. We waited at the front of the line for 30 mins and they said it was up and running and so they let us go up. When we got to the top the machine stalled and wouldn't bring the tubes up. They said that a chain was broken and it was going to take about 30 mins to replace. My friend had to go to the bathroom and so he asked the ladies at the top if he could go down real quick and then come back up. Both of the employees at the top said it was fine since the ride was still under maintenance.  When my friend tried coming back up the manager named Manny told him he couldn't go back up. He explained the situation to him and asked if he would call up there and verify with the girls and Manny said no he had to go to the back of the line. So he said will you at least call and let my friend know cuz he's waiting up there. Manny said no he will figure it out and they will send him down with another group of people. So my friend waited 30 more mins at the bottom for me while I was waiting for 30 mins at the top for him. And he finally decided to just walk up the stairs and explain to me what happened cuz I had no clue what was going on. Because my friend went to the top to tell me that he wasn't allowed to go up and that's why I was waiting,  Manny called security and caused a huge commotion when it wasn't called for and threatened to kick us out. So we told him we just spent $200 and you are going to kick us out because of your employees telling us that my friend can go down to use the bathroom while the machine is stalled? And he said to us "it doesn't matter how much you spend we will be busy regardless of if you and your kind come back or not". So I told them give me my money back and left. Not only is it less expensive to go to big surf and sun splash. But you know that you will receive outstanding customer service. I've never had such a horrible experience at any theme park or water park. This is the worst company in Arizona and I would never recommend that anyone go to this water park. Too expensive,  45 mins of waiting in line even with the express band, and they treat their guests terribly!
2	Could be much better if management focused on inefficiencies. The Express band is a great idea but other areas need focus:Lazy river. Only one entrance though is is obvious there is another. So instead of having two entrances, the staff would rather have the line extend across the park so as to block main thoroughfare traffic. Very irritating.Pretzel/churros: Was obviously a popular concession but only a single poor girl to work it and she was slow. The line for that also extended back so far as to block the main thoroughfare of traffic.Process for passes: This is not explained well at all. Even asking staff was confusing. So if you are totally new to the park and want a season pass, where do you start and where do you go to complete each step? I had to ask each step of the way and still was never quite sure I was in the right line. How about painted footsteps along the pavement that takes a newbie to each of the windows they need to hit?Food/fries: Like a movie theater, they kill you with overpriced food. Hey....I do not mind paying a lot for food IF the food is worth it. Unfortunately it's not. Cafeteria at best. Fries are old and overcooked. Hotdogs are meh. Nothing worse than paying for a meal and feeling you've been had when it's over.
1	DON'T GO TO THIS MIS-MANAGED WATER PARK...First, I should have senses this was going to be a bad deal when I pull up to park and they want to charge $8 bucks in a very rural area where land is plentiful.  No one charges for parking where a place is in the middle of nowhere, you're not freaking Disneyland circa 1960!Next, the tickets were $40 each person and there is no reduced fee for children unless they are the size of those purple Umpalumpas in the Chocolate Factory movie, and even then they're probably too tall...Joke....So it is 107 degrees outside, hot right. You'd think for a park that charge $40 per person they would be at least as good as SunSplash with water sprayed path. NOT! We walked to the food hut called Sharky's.  What a joke. Some kid in there ignoring the customers and a kitchen that looked like something out of a horror movie after the body was dismantled...not quite, but you get the picture. We walked away. So then we look for a place to put our towels down and take off our shoes. We found one about 30 feet from the corner of something that looked like a pool, it think. We run across the very hot concrete - you know that stuff that SunSplash cools off for their customers - and our feet are burning - and still are. So instead of walking another 50 yards to the entrance and blister our feet, we jump over some rope that's three feet high. We start to wade in the pool and some life guard tells me I need to get out and walk to the entrance.  Of course I look at her and tell her it isn't happening.  She then says she's going to call security, which she does. I tell her don't bother, we're leaving this freaking park. So I walk to the customer service people - who were the only ones not rude in that park - and tell them what happened. They get the supervisor or AKA stupidvisor of the life guards because that's what this guy was - and he begins to tell me what the rules are and I tell him if he implemented those rules and my feet are blistered, then Wet N Wild would have a law suit as a result.  He gets nasty with me and tells me those are the rules and if you don't like them you can leave the park. What a jerk!  Fire the guy!Nevertheless, we got our refund and left the park.  This whole experience was all within 10 minutes of entering this ridiculous park.  WET n WILD, you're in freaking Arizona and you have a responsibility to make sure you provide a safe environment for those customers that over pay you for your services and you have failed to provide that. Look at SunSplash and the Wave.  They have watered paths to their rides. And speaking of ride, several of your rides were closed, and you have the freaking nerve to charge full rate!NEVER GO TO THIS PARK UNLESS YOU REALLY WANT TO BE DISAPPOINTED.
5	I have been to Wet N' Wild many times and I enjoy it every time. It is a very nice, clean park that has good rides. The staff is always friendly and they make the experience more pleasant. We dealt with Josh Martinez, a worker there, personally and he really made a great impression for the company. It is nice to have a water park that is kept up very well and that competes with other major water parks in the Southwest.
2	We finally decided to go here instead of sunsplash and I sure wish we didn't! It is expensive to get it first of all and you have to pay to park. The ride lines take FOREVER! You will wait atleast an hour for every slide. Also, every slide is a raft slide. The only nice thing is you don't have to carry up huge rafts they do that for you. The one good thing was that the food was actually pretty good! And when you actually get on a ride they are fun too but you won't make it on many. All in all, we will not be back! We will be staying close to home and hitting sunsplash!
1	Very disappointed.  I used to go to this water park as a teenager.  It was reasonably priced and the lines were also short and fast moving.  Today this park will cost you around $40 per person to get in plus parking.  However by far the worst part are the lines which average about a 45 minute or more wait time. The fast passes are an additional 30 per person,  outrageous!  We were at the park for about 3 1/2 hours and were only able to go down 4 slides because of wait time. This a local water park not Disney land,  I expect much better prices and service!
2	The good news: You can save $10 per ticket by pre-purchasing online.The bad news: You will wait one hour for each ride.I took my adult sons here for a day of birthday fun and we were so terribly disappointed. The ride lines were long and so slooooow. Everyone was complaining. I just can't understand how Disney can get this right but no one else seems to be able to. PEOPLE AT WET & WILD: hire an efficiency expert to fix this problem. Oh yeah, and you need more of those 4-people rafts. Half the waiting was because you didn't have enough of them.When families spend this kind of money to go to the water park, they want to have fun. Not wait. Yes, there is a fast-pass you can buy for ANOTHER $20, but I saw those people waiting, too.Another nit...a bottle of water is $3.99. And a double scoop of Thrifty (ha) ice cream cost me $5.00.Really, truly disappointing. I won't be back.
4	Tricks; purchase a season ticket. Get here at opening, set up camp & hit as many rides as you can in the first hour & the last hour before closing, use express passes-you get 5 for the season with the purchase of a gold seasons pass...WELL worth it. Pack a cooler in ur car for lunch. The food is HORRID not to mention outrageously expensive.
3	We visited Wet n' Wild for our first time on July 28 - a Monday.  We bought tickets online because they were $10 cheaper.  I had contacted the park through their Facebook page asking where discount coupons could be found locally, and they weren't sure - they told me I could try Burger King... That was an odd response especially since they are discounted online, but, whatever.....The park is a lot nicer than I thought it would be.  For the most part, almost everything looks new with some sun fading - but not even a hint as old as Big Surf where you see age issues all over the place.  Virtually every slide was working, save some of the slides on the kids mega structure.  Several of the rides broke during the day, but were fixed in about an hour.What makes this park fun, is that there are many amusement park style thrill rides - not so much just "slides".  They do have a pretty big variety.  That was great, as we only have Big Surf to compare it to, and they, by comparison, seem to have nothing.  My kids really enjoyed the multiple person slides, including the really big ones where we all sat as a family.  There wasn't a single slide that we walked away from where we said "thats not fun" - they were all smile enducing.So, why the three stars?  Well, we went on a Monday, and got there at opening time.  Rented a locker, and found a shaded spot - that was all insanely easy.  We started gong on rides, easy as pie.  But then, as the park started filling in, we noticed their "fast pass" rider system, which you have to pay an additional $20-$30 for.  This system, made for incredibly long wait times.  In theory, line management systems are supposed to increase throughput, but it didn't seem the case here.  When we were in lines that had no "fast pass" riders, we moved right along.  But they queue you up at the bottom of the ride, and hold riders back.  So even though no one was in line for the fast pass system, we would all just wait - and then, when those people would arrive, they would get first billing.  To put in perspective, some giant rides, like Mammoth Falls, we counted the equivalent of 5 full tubes of riders ahead of us.  but the fast pass folks would show up, and that line just would take forever - try 30 minutes.....  once they allow you to climb the stairs to the queue at the top, you realize how fast the line goes.  So basically, I was examining (I did time trials in my boredom), when riders showed up, our wait actually became twice as long as it would be otherwise, while the fast pass holder waited in line the equivalent of 25% of my time.  It was frustrating because it is implemented so arbitrarily and without concern to the actual throughput of the slides.The other issue, which compounded that, is that they have a limited amount of tubes per ride - they don't need as many when you are all queued up on the ground (unlike everyone on the stairs needing a tube while they wait) - that's smart, but, when there are three slides on the same tower, and everyone wants to ride one, all the tubes get stuck in a queue line for that one slide (the toilet bowl ride - not sure of real name).  This, made the lines go very slowly.  Frustrating, frustrating, frustrating.  To top it off, the fast pass system clearly favors season ticket holders - because their daily out of pocket cost is much less, than for me - it was an $80 up charge for my family, on top of the $120 I had already spent on tickets.  Thats a huge day, vs a season ticket holder who is just out $80 for the day.  The economics favor the season ticket holder.  Did I say frustrating?  The water coaster seems to only have maybe 6 tubes in operation and a huge line at the base.  so, its really not going to its full capacity.  To me it was excruciatingly obvious, so they must realize this, but maybe thats part of the pitch for the fast pass band - ugh, frustrating!We had lunch at the main cafe to the tune of $60 (two orders chicken fingers, one burger, on chicken sandwich).  We had soft pretzels earlier.  There is beer at the Shark Cafe place, which I thought was nice, but I didn't partake.Parking is $8.  Its an expensive day for a family of 4.  I think next year we could come back, but obviously we need season ticket passes with the fast pass arm band.  If you are not willing or able to get that, even a slow day (like our Monday) will have you waiting needlessly in long lines.PS, bring flip flops (you hold them on the rides).Forgot to mention, we didn't have ANY issues with rude staff.  We found them fun, entertaining, and pretty nice overall.  Keep in mind that if you want them to treat you nice, you have to be nice to them - you can tell they are enforcing rules all day, and they are visibly irritated when people do things wrong that any normal person would find obvious - like jumping over railings, or walking off with inner tubes, etc.  Be nice, you get nice in return.
4	Great I love the slides my favorite would have to be the constrictor but it's missing my favorite part of my water park the body slides the life guards are very courteous and are willing to help with a smile on their faces
3	Pros: going early is key, we got seats in the shade, rode a few rides before long lines. The food is expensive, but not too bad. there are several choices including fresh fruit & salads. Everything was clean, lifeguards are working hard to do their jobs. Overall a kid's paradise.Cons: Paying for parking is ridiculous, especially after tickets are over priced.  No signs out front explaining why there is a line out front, then after you stand in line to have your bag checked you stand in line for your ticket. We had purchased tickets from living social & didn't realize we would have to stand in line for tickets because there were no signs. It took an hour to get in the door. Advice: do not rent a tube, someone will steal it. Wear water shoes, it is hot & so is the ground. Buy the xpress pass, it is awesome. Bring water, there are 2 water fountains. Shame on Wet'n'wild for doing this, we live in AZ & there should be water fountains.
1	The lines are longer than Disneyland and not worth the experience of the ride.  Won't go back.
5	We love this place!!!Mainly because we got a season pass at the very beginning of the season which made going their so much cheaper!!  With the season pass we paid only $10 more than the day pass and got free parking for the season. Yes the lines can be long and yes the food is really expensive but that is why you plan ahead.  Go on a day that makes more sense to be there and you can stay late, weekdays and Friday/ Saturday are the best we found.  Friday and Saturday because they close at 10 and you can beat a lot of the long lines.  Bring a cooler and keep it in the car, that helps on prices of food.  I really don't understand all of the complaints.  It is a large water park where you can tell the people who work there are doing the best they can to help every person.
5	I like this waterpark in Arizona. It is not as big and pretty like the ones on California, of course, but I must say it is in deed a decent place to take your kids to on a hot summer day. During the season, the park does get super crowded on the weekends though, so try to avoid and go on week days.
