5	My entire family have been with Dr. Guo's office since we moved to Vegas more than 10 years ago. They have always been cordial, prompt, and most importantly - they keep me healthy. My best example is from a few years ago when I was away at college in San Francisco. I got so sick I couldn't keep any food down for days and was barely able to sleep 1-2 hours a night. The school's health center was unable to do anything to help me besides giving me Tylenol with Codine and telling me to "eat some chicken soup". Finally I got so weak, my parents had to pick me up and fly me home to Vegas. Dr. Guo's office was able to pencil me in immediately. A day later, with the proper medication, I was eating fine and on my way to a speedy recovery. I'm not the only one who thinks Dr. Guo's office is awesome. Their office is ALWAYS packed with people, which attests to their high quality of service and medical expertise. There are plenty of other Chinese doctors in Vegas (my family have seen a few before we found Dr. Guo), but none of them can compare. Besides, I've seen patients of all ethnicities visit their office (my dad's mexican, polish, and black coworkers also see her). I've seen a number of "Physician of the Year" plaques posted all over their walls, so apparently their peers think they rock too!My parents trust Dr. Guo for all of their preventive care too. The doctors are great at monitoring all of their yearly tests and physicals. They are conscious of patients' out of pocket costs as well and only prescribe necessary meds/procedures. My dad was once prescribed an expensive prescription that our insurance did not cover and the doctor was able to prescribe an alternative medication that was covered. Everything was taken care of within the hour and everything was great. I highly recommend Dr. Guo's office for their expertise and genuine concern for patients well-being.
3	um, actually my mother had the same problem. She started developing a rash one day and then it turned painful so we went to see Dr. Guo immediately. She said it was a simple rash and that it would go away. However it didn't. Instead, we went to an American doctor and he diagnosed her with Shingles asap. We still go to Dr. Guo for our yearly check-ups and for colds and flu but I am still kind of weary...
4	"My entire family have been with Dr. Guo's office since we moved to Vegas more than 10 years ago." Ah... sorry Sherry L. I just plagiarized your first line. This office holds the practices of Dr. Li Yee Guo (name in title is mixed up), Dr. Wei Feng Zheng, and Dr. Nancy Hsiao. I have been seen at Dr. Zheng's office for.. when I'm sick with the cold, when I had acne, when I made the bad decision to do an 8lb pizza contest, when I had a rash, when I needed a sports physical, when I needed college shots, and when I needed antibiotics ASAP because it was finals week. They also have tons of samples to give you to save you $$$ at the pharmacy and manufacturer coupons for your brand name prescriptions. Fortunately as well I have NEVER been let down by his referrals to specialist, or the amount of time he spends with me, or any of his nursing staff. HOWEVER... the only thing keeping Dr. Zheng's office from being a glistening 5 stars is the wait time. They are extremely busy, and you will probably never see the office empty, so whether your on time, early, or even late for your appointment prepare to wait. Sometimes I'm not sure if the wait is longer for when you're in the patient lobby or inside the room waiting for the doctor. Aside from my personal experiences I also have a lot professional experiences with this office. Rarely do I ever have problems with the prescriptions written from here because it is PRINTED on paper! MANY doctors in Vegas write as if their hands were replaced by chicken feet. Most request sent over to their office is responded in a quick manner, sometimes over the weekend. This means that this office is on top of their business increasing their overall credibility.
3	Used to be my family doc (we LOVE Dr. Guo!) but unfortunately now it takes over a month to get an appointment with her. Staff's customer service is iffy.
