1	I purchased a Groupon for xrays, exam and cleaning. I called to schedule my appointment and had a 6 week wait. The ONLY time available was 7 am on a monday. I would have to wait 4 more weeks if I wanted an 11:30 am appointment on a tuesday (which I work at noon so that was out). They opened the doors at 6:58. By the time they got their computers up and realized I was a new patient it was 7:05. Then I had to do paperwork. By the time I went in it was 7:15.The xrays were awkward as the hygienist seemed to be a temporary employee, unconfidident in the equipment and techniques. My mouth was cut up by the end. In the exam the dentist recommended a deep cleaning. I wasn't surprised because I don't have insurance and hadn't been in a couple years. Apparently brushing 2-4 times a day isn't enough. That's fine. I have had it in the past, so I knew what to expect. I asked what the difference in price would be since I don't have insurance and he said an office person would be in with me shortly to go over those details. 20 minutes later, as the hygienist was moving around behind me putting things up, but not speaking to me, the woman came in to go over the paperwork. She started with the "priority" work which was not what the doc had told me was the priority. She corrected that and then showed me the deep cleaning would be two visits doing half the mouth each visit, would require numbing, and would be $420 each visit. I asked if I could go ahead and do the regular cleaning today and she said no. I left feeling I had been in a bait and switch. I understood the need for the cleaning, but I have never had to do it in two sessions and it has never cost that much before. I was really disappointed. Perhaps if you have insurance it is a great location. However, if you don't, avoid it! I hate posting bad reviews on here and avoid it at all costs, but this was a bad enough experience that I thought others should know since they sold a lot of these groupon specials.
1	I have been patient with Dental Specialty Associates for about two years now and am on my fourth orthodontist, though not by choice.  It seems to be a bit of a revolving door, which I can only infer is why my treatment is still ongoing despite their intial date.  It's really disappointing that they cannot retain people though I understand it may not always be under their control.General operations seem to be a continuing issue.  During my first year, their billing was incorrect and I constantly had to go through my charges with a fine tooth comb and have them correct the billing statement.  In this matter, they were always friendly but it was frankly unacceptable that I had to constantly correct them.Another billing issue emerged when a collection agency sent me a very discouraging letter saying that I was overdue on my payments, which was incorrect.  I have been on auto-pay my entire time with Dental Specialty Associates and when I contacted them they informed me that an error with their system had resulted in a multitude of patients receiving collections letters incorrectly.  However, DSA did not bother to inform me of their error until I brought it to their attention.Another aspect that is bothersome is that though they kindly provide reminder calls of upcoming appointments, they "REQUIRE" that you call them back to confirm you attendance for the appointment.  I realize this is small but honestly, I find it quite annoying to confirm an appointment I already agreed to attend by setting it up.I have also had Dental Specialty Associates cancel appointments on me because their Orthodontists decided to change their hours or attend a seminar and generally these cancellations have occurred last minute and add on an extra two to three weeks between appointments and/or they have asked that I go to a different office that is very much out of my way.  It is incredibly rude and unprofessional.DSA is admittedly good at getting patients out of the waiting room, however, there have been quite long waits with me sitting alone in the dentist's chair with people coming and going through the room and me just waiting for my appointment to occur.  It would be nice if the appointment occured at the time scheduled without me having to wait in the chair for so long.  This wait has been as long as forty minutes and was quite a waste of my time especially since on that particular occasion I was only with the orthodontist for five minutes before the assistant took over.  I do not understand why she couldn't have spared five minutes when I arrived rather than making me wait so long.Despite the nice people, who work there, I can only conclude that their customer service and operations are quite lacking and I would rather go to a different service provider who has their act together.  Unfortunately, my money has already been spent and I can only hope that my treatment will be done within the coming months so I can finally rid myself of this hassle.
1	I give this place 0 stars this office is a total scam. The dentist doctor Lior Berger and hygienist Jenna Fahey will always recommend a deep cleaning no matter what. They will not honor their group on coupon that they advertise for 19 dollars for an exam x-ray and cleaning. Stay away from this place.
1	I admit to being a victim of the Groupon scam!  I can only imagine how many times this office has succeeded in duping customers since my experience with them was exactly the same as others I've read online.  The hygienist will recommend the so-called deep cleaning.  You will be given an estimate of what they would charge you, but since you don't have insurance, you'll get a discounted price.  If you balk at this newly discounted price and threaten to leave, you will be given another discount.  But wait, there's more.  When you go ahead with the procedure, because, golly, it would go against their standards to do the regular cleaning you've bought and paid for, you will get ANOTHER price when it's time to pay!  Please check this price as it will include, "hygienist Instruction", which is the for the time and effort she spent talking you into the outrageously expensive deep cleaning.  I'm guessing this $59 is her bonus as it was taken off my bill when I asked what exactly did "hygienist instruction" entail.  (the answer was, "I guess it was her instruction to you")I hope to save others the bother of trying to use this Groupon or any other deal this office issues.  They want you in the chair to sell you unnecessary services at an inflated rate.  (I say unnecessary because I used this Groupon offer to check out a new dental office.  I have a regular dentist to whom I will be returning, who never proposed the amount of work this office proposed!)
1	I will not return to this dental office after having used a Groupon discount as a new patient. I found out when arriving for my appontement that the first visit would be x-rays and exam only, and once the doctor came up with a "maintenance plan", then I could schedule a cleaning. I was not happy knowing that I would have to make a second trip down from New RIver but accepted that due to the low cost advantage. The dentist found no issues in my ex-rays, and I scheduled my cleaning appointment. Prior to beginning the cleaning, the dental technicial insisted that I needed 5 crowns, 1 immediately, to the tune of $6000 dollars. When I explained that I did not have dental insurance, the billing person lowered the cost by half. I asked the dental tech why the doctor did not point out the necessity of replacing the existing crowns, and she stated that the doctor sometimes misses things and counts on her to bring them to his attention. Also the "extended cleaning" that I got turned out to cost me more than the "prophiactic clean" included on the coupon, so the coupon turned out to be not so great a deal. They also waited until I was in the dental chair before they talked to me about the costs of their procedures. Talk about a captive audience! Buyer beware!
1	STAY FAR AWAY Wish I would have gone to yelp and google reviews before purchasing a $19 Group On exam, xrays, and cleaning deal. I give them one star because there is not a choice for zero or negative score.  My story is similar to many other reviews. I feel that this practice is baiting customers in with a very affordable "deal" which undoubtedly they would lose money on. When the customer is in the chair, comes the "switch" and they demand additional more expensive services. I purchased in February. Earliest appointment was originally 2 months out, mid April. They called the day before to cancel. Next available is 3 more months until July 11th. When I get to their office, I am informed that the Doctor is not in today, and that I will have to return for the exam portion of the deal. After 30 minutes of xrays, and preliminaries, I got a proposal from the front office clerk for a "new" deal for a deep cleaning. I am given this whole BS explanation, about the way the office does things and office standards. I was very upset and left the office mad. A few minutes after I left, someone from their office called and hung up on me. After several attempts to call back and waiting on hold, I was told that Margaret would call me when she came in and handle my Group on refund. I did not hear back from her. I did contact Group On, and fortunately, they handled the refund immediately. Apparently they have had to do many refunds for this vendor.
1	I went to this dentist by way of refferal because they had a "twilight" sedation option for having tooth extractions. I have severe anxiety issues with dental procedures, having specialized in anxious patients,. i thought this might be ok,.. man,. was I wrong. It was the most traumatic experience of my life,.. they said they could not use certain chemicals of me for sedation since I was on other medications,. I offered to stop taking the medications to be able to use the sedatives they had, but the doctor would not let me.The day of my extraction,.. they put an IV in my arm and said I would be dizzy withing minutes,. . it never happened,. I felt like they put just salt water in the IV. I felt no sedation and no effects. I told them I need more sedative,. they did not listen,. but instead,. they forcefully strapped my arms to the chair and went ahead with the extraction anyways. I felt EVERYTHING! it was the fact that they did not listen to me and went ahead and charged me 500 dollars for the sedation only,I cant imagine what problems you would encounter if this was your regular dentist.!I will not go back to them for anything,. and neither should you. I would stay away from this company and find someone who's customer service is on par with your needs. Don't make the mistake I did.
5	I'm assuming that Yelp is only posting bad reviews on this place because I just had oral surgery for a titanium implant (with Dr Lillien) and had the best experience. Here is why:1. I am a total needlephobe...and the unfortunate owner of small veins that have in the past been poked over and over to find one to plug in an IV....Dr. Lillien did it himself, first try, no panic, no pain and as for the reviewer regarding bad sedation, I was in "la la" land and woke gently.2. The office is clean, the staff is friendly and I haven't been made to wait longer than 5 minutes, so no unnecessary anticipatory wait time even if there are several other patients in the waiting room.3. Dr Lillien is confident in his manner and abilities, which instills confidence in me, making me more comfortable in an otherwise uncomfortable situation.Now, the only "con" I could say is that they are by no means the "cheapest" practice, but I do feel like I got what I paid for, a trouble free surgery that involved bone grafting.As for the other reviews, what I find with "couponers" is that they want more than they paid for, even though they didn't pay much to begin with.
1	I couldn't agree more with everone elses comments below.  My experience started off good in 2012 when I went in for a Clear Correct Consultation.  But when I went back to actually start my treatment I had a new orthodontist already.  That should have been my first red flag to not come back.  It took twice as long to get my trays as they had estimated, and when I'd call to check the status it was as if I was calling for the first time.  No one knew what was going on, they said they'd call Clear Correct but I'd never get a return phone call.  I finally had to have a stern talk with the office manager which seemed to finally help my case.  But regardless, getting the actual trays took about 12 weeks instead of their 6-8 week estimate. Once I started my trays, the orthodontist and everyone that worked there was very friendly and helpful. It wasn't until about a year later (2011) that things started to shift to an unorganized mess.  My (2nd) orthodontist left, I went through two other orthodontists within a matter 6 weeks, their recommendations and consultation on my trays were very inconsistent.  My treatment plan which they estimated would take 16 months is now going on 28 months!  I recently moved and am trying to get them to ship my trays to my new orthodontist but I am getting no where.  The people who work there are great - they are super friendly and I have no doubt that the technicians, othodontist, and dentist know what they're doing.  But the actual operations and office management is lacking severely.  I would NEVER recommend anyone go to them for any sort of treatment plan.
1	I have so many negative things to say about this place, but I will say just one. DO NOT GO THIS PLACE! I only wish there was a minus star, they would get -5.
4	I have been coming to Dental Specialty Associates for about a year.   They are always very professional and courteous.  Appointments are available early in the day before work, which is not always common.  This place has new technology, the procedures are painless, xrays are quick, they offer good advice for practical day to day care and provide good samples.  All of my check-ups have been easy and painless.  I had a deep cleaning and a standard cleaning here, which I thought they did a great job on both.   Appointments were quick and on time. The only things that surprised me were   1)  I had to schedule a follow up appointment for cleaning. I figured it would have been done all in one appointment.  and 2) Deep cleaning was not covered fully by my insurance.   Be sure to ask when you schedule so you know what to expect.  The second time I went back, I just had the standard cleaning and no issues at all.   They may recommend different products, but it's up to you to choose.  No different than anywhere else i have been before.I had billing questions and my calls from DSA were returned promptly -  the staff are very polite, attentive and helpful.   While I duked things out with my insurance compnay, DSA was patient and understanding.Honestly, I'm surprised at the ratings here.  I have not had any problems at all. I have been to four or five different dental offices in the valley that were horrible prior to finding DSA.  I recommend DSA to co-workers and friends.
4	I have never had any issues with this place. It is clean, in a nice location. I have had several cleanings, and my mouth always feels great afterwards. Friendly, helpful staff. They found something wrong with one of my previous root canals, and they had a specialist look at it, but did not force the issue or force me to make a decision regarding surgery. They are clearly in the business for the patients' well-being. I would recommend this place. Only knocking off a star because I have seen people waiting in the waiting room for a very long time - this has not been my experience, but sometimes I have gone in and come out and still see the same people in the waiting room. Perhaps they are waiting for relatives.
1	DO NOT TRUST THEM!Way over priced and will jack on a bunch of services you don't need.
1	so this is my update after a total debacle with the Dental Specialty Group office not coming through with honoring what they quoted in pricing my dental implant.  Dr Lillien did a great job in his work, but then the office turned around and wanted to charge me another $750 for an abutment that was quoted as being included in the original price.Needless to say, if your dentist drives a Maserati, you are probably going to get screwed over so he can make his payment
1	AVOID THIS OFFICE AT ALL COSTS.Overall, I am beyond appalled that this office is in business.To begin my horror story at this sleazy establishment, I was referred to them from my insurance. The service is absolutely horrible. It took me 3 months to schedule an initial appointment (my appointments were cancelled on me multiple times). In addition, they would not permit me to have a cleaning at the same time as my "evaluation" (or whatever their term for it was).When I finally did get to meet with them for an exam (the wait time in their lobby is very long), my X-Rays were taken and the dentist, Dr. Berger, came to take a look at my teeth. Never once did he make eye contact or utter a word to me. He was in and out within a minute or two and only spoke to the hygienist (very awkward). I was then taken to a room to see my diagnosis. A completely separate woman who I had never seen before explained my $3000 diagnosis. She urged me to make appointments ASAP for all of this work. I haven't even had a cavity in years so I said I would go and get another opinion. They used scare tactics and slander to try and get me to schedule the work at their office, but after two other opinions I found out I only have one cavity as opposed to the ridiculous diagnosis they falsified.BEWARE!!!!! This place is a complete scam.
1	As others state this business has shady practices. They're all about the money and have poor customer service. I arrived half and hour early and they were twenty minutes late my first apoointment. Instead of a cleaning the gave me an orthodontic assessment. The second time they didn't answer my call to confirm, was delayed by construction the dentist cancelled because they had to get the airport. Wish I would've read these reviews before: (
1	I came to this office in December of last year. It had been a few years since I had seen a dentist, so I anticipated a cavity or TWO and definitely a cleaning. Well my name was called i went in..with the ASSISTANT ...not the hygienist(which I thought was weird) she proceeded to look over my teeth using a machine that basically tells them where you have cavities or potential ones. The dentist came in for about 30 seconds was very unfriendly, he began to look at my teeth very quickly and not gentle. By the end of this appointment I needed 6 fillings and a procedure called an SRP which is what someone with gum disease would need. I was devastated that my teeth were that bad. It had been awhile but I didn't think I neglected my mouth that much. This visit made me so upset that i couldnt bring myself to go back, besides the fact i couldnt afford what they recommended. Recently I went to another dentist for an actual cleaning and a 2nd opinion. There I was told that no SRP was needed, just a cleaning and I had ONE cavity. I have always loved going to the dentist and this place almost ruined that for me. They are only about making money and have zero concern for the patient needs or their bank account. Worst experience ever! They don't even deserve a star.
1	DO NOT GO HERE!!!! I wish I would have yelped this dental office before my initial exam. I went to my exam and was told I have eight cavities and also need an inlay over a tooth.  Something seemed a little off to me since I was having no problems with my teeth so I decided to get a second opinion.  I went to another dental office and brought my paperwork from dental specialty associates. The new dentist was astonished as to what I had been told, I actually only had 4 very small cavities, none of which were to the degree of depth that I was previously told.  The tooth that I was told had a very deep cavity that would need an inlay, didn't even have a cavity.  I can't believe I would have had so much unneeded dental work performed.  Just awful.  This place is a scam. Save your time and money.
1	Hadn't had any cavities in a long time... All of a sudden had 10??? Since 7 were on one side but multiple surfaces of teeth equal the 7 (not 7 teeth), decided to do one side at a time. Had horrible sensitivity and pain. Decided to go elsewhere for 2nd opinion. Gave them my last digital X-rays and they took new ones. Said NO cavities... So where are those last 3 that were on the other side???? Beware! Never going back there. Ask their front office staff how long they've been there... They keep getting new people, wonder why.
5	I used to hate going to the Dentist and DSA has completely changed what I think! It is always a pleasure to to walk in an be greeted with a smile! My hygienist Nicole is amazing and gets me in and out feeling great!!  I had my wisdom teeth taken out and it couldn't have been easier!! I love the Scottsdale office and staff and have never had a problem.
1	If it weren't for the beautiful lobby and the friendly reception staff, I would give this place a zero. Well, that and the fact that Yelp doesn't allow for Zeros. Point being, this place SUCKS and you should not go there. I repeat, DO NOT GO TO DENTAL SPECIALITY ASSOCIATES FOR ANY REASON. I visited DSA in September 2013. I went at the recommendation of my insurance company. The second I walked out the door after my appointment, I contacted my insurance provider and changed my primary dentist to anyone BUT these people. My appointment was made same-day as I was in extreme tooth pain and needed to be seen. When I got to DSA, they promptly placed me in a room with an oral hygenist who took my x-rays. We were off to a great start. After that, I was placed in an exam room where I waited about twenty minutes to see my dentist, Dr. Lior Berger. Dr. Berger was rough with his hands, pushing and pulling in my mouth and knocking metal things and cold against my teeth to determine my issue(s). I understood that this may need to take place given that I was in extreme pain. I silently endured his torture. He did not speak to me really, he preferred to bark numbers and orders at his staff. They were nearby with my chart taking notes. After my exam by Dr. Berger, I was escorted to the "finances" department where they would go over my treatment plan. Long story short, I went in with a DENTAL EMERGENCY and left with NO SOLUTION to my problem. As a matter of fact, what I DID leave with was a "treatment plan" that included 3 root canals, 2 crowns, a two stage tooth cleaning and multiple cavities needing to be filled. All for the low, lo price of $3,000+ AFTER insurance!!! Um, no. I left DSA and never went back. I wasn't really bothered enough to write a Yelp review at the time because I knew that I was smart enough not to pay $3,000 for tooth treatment that wasn't actually causing me pain. I figured most other people would be the same. However, as of the past 72 hours, I feel a bit differently. Today is Sunday. Thursday night I got no sleep because of a recurrence of the pain in my teeth / jaw. I knew I couldn't go back to DSA. I visited another dentist's office about two miles away. On Friday morning, I had yet another emergency exam to help identify the pain that I had been having in my mouth. I was at the dentist's office for over two hours. Multiple dentists consulted on my case. It turns out I needed ZERO root canals. My tooth pain is actually not tooth pain at all. I was diagnosed with TMJ. So, had I listened to Dr. Berger, I would have had three unnecessary root canals along with all kinds of other stuff that would not have helped my pain. The new dentist told me my issue is not with my teeth at all but rather pain is coming from my jaw and muscles around my mouth. They prescribed me a muscle relaxer to bring down my swelling / inflammation and took impressions to have  a night-time mouth guard made. My guard will be made and ready for me to pick it up in two and a half weeks. My cost- $240. Dr. Berger tried to scam me for a TON of money. I am devastated that there are people in the medical field who operate with morals like this. Unbelievable.
1	Just following up from my post 7mo ago. After they told me I had 10 cavities (being a patient there for 4yrs and Invisalign there) I went elsewhere. No cavities! Now on my following 6mo appt at my New dentist, guess what... Still no cavities! These people called me today to actually schedule an appt for a cleaning because its been over a year. I wonder why. Never ever going there again.
1	Wow, just wow! I've been going to this office over the last year and am in shock. While Nicole is amazing and does a great job cleaning your teeth-the money scam that seems to be going on is just insane. I was told I had several cavities, needed at least 2 inlays and a cleaning every 3 months. Now while I assumed I needed some work, I never thought they would be dishonest. I have now switched dentists and need none of the work Dental Specialty told me I needed and just need a cleaning every 6 months like everyone else. I was told my gums look great and no fillings/inlays were needed. Not to mention, they are always running late for appointments.DO NOT GO HERE!
