3	My rating is only based on the self-serve frozen yogurt as that's the only item I've tried off of their menu so far. I was surprised to find they had a variety of sweet and tart flavors - not as much as Yogurtland but definitely a decent selection. The price is 39 cents an ounce - not too shabby since I expected a Summerlin/Tivoli Village markup.In addition to frozen yogurt, they offer gourmet ice cream, crepes, Belgian waffles and other treats. The frozen yogurt was pretty good. It isn't the best I've ever had and the selection of toppings was sub par. I was sad that they didn't have any mochi. The tart flavors were a little on the icy side but the sweet flavors like red velvet and cake batter were creamy and delicious.YoScream is in a prime location, right next to the kids playground and main stage where they hold free performances. There is a lot of outdoor seating available. I would definitely come back to try their other desserts. I saw someone with a crepe and it looked pretty darn tasty!
5	Wow! #1 Not only does Yoscream have amazing gelato and frozen yogurt but it is by far the most beautiful frozen yogurt shop I've ever been to! Yoscream went all out with marble beautiful stone!#2 the people working there are so friendly and helpful#3 the price per ounce is great#4 the toppings are amazing everything from my favorite sour worms to fresh strawberries #5 the shops around yoscream are fun to check out after you grab some gelato or original tart frozen yogurt(my fav)Anyways that's my take on Yoscream
2	Pricey for gelato - paid almost $6 bucks for a 2 scoop cone. Also, there was nothing special about it. It's definitely not a place I'd go out of my way to go to again. Just another shop that pushes cream :-/
5	Best gelato I've had in Las Vegas! the decor in this place is great. Lots of stonework and a great kid's theme too. The fact that it's next to the playground makes it a good place for a family treat!
5	Holy lord, I have never seen this crazy classy architecture in a froyo place!  Or is it a froyo place surrounded by crazy classy architecture.  Who can tell?  This place is as fancy as it gets!!!Somehow, frozen yogurt just got sophisticated (and tasty too).
5	I AM ADDICTED!!!! YoScream has the best self serve yogurt in town~  The yogurt is creamy and the toppings are always fresh! I have been here several times, and each time I go back for seconds!!! LOL! Considering the fact that I am a workout fanatic, this is not the norm for me. Moms can bring their kids here to enjoy a healthy treat and then play at the park right next door.Not only is the yougurt AmaZing, but the atmosphere is BeAutiFuL! As I enjoy my treat, I love to walk around the one of a kind Beatiful Tivoli Village..
4	You guys need to be open when the farmers market is open.  Seriously 9 am is not to early for crepes.  Anyhow they would be 5 stars but this time thing is a bummer.  I really love the location and the fact the kids can burn the sugar off playing.
4	Yo yo!! FROYO!SOOOO I basically love this place! Its super close to my apartment so we are always here! It may not be a fancy schmancy place like Yogurtland but to me it was better! They have your basic froyo flavors, PLUS they have GELATO! Now Ive never had it but many Ive seen ordering it.I love the toppings they have here, fresh blueberries, strawberries, mochi, and almonds are my fave with coconut froyo! The workers here are super chill and its never hella busy so its nice : ) after you get your yogurt you can go outside and enjoy Tivoli!I also love that they have FREE WIFI! Come here for your froyo and do some yelp reviews and sit outside and enjoy Tivoli!
5	I had the one scoop spumone on a waffle cone for a little less than 5 on a Saturday afternoon. The server actually hooked it up. He stuffed the cone and put almost 3 scoops. lol- Great service. multiple free samples for gelato. gave recommendations and a little extra mas helado. haha- their spumone is a mix of pistachio and cherry gelato with chocolate syrup and possibly a fruit piece? it was delicious. - free wi-fi!- Tivoli is a beautiful place and having the gelato topped it off. it was a great day!:)!!!
4	This place is a true gem. I love all the options you can have here! I got some self serve froyo and my son got candy haha. They had some indoor seating, but mostly outdoor near the fountain and play ground, my son really enjoyed it.
5	Yum! Not only do they have froyo, a dessert I don't really find to be dessert, but they have GELATO and it's pretty dec. Gelato stateside never really compares to that of Italy (excuse me while I return my nose to its proper place, not stuck up in the air) but this pistachio was pretty good. It was a dead dead dead day in Tivoli Village when I was at this place, and the girl who was working the shop was definitely doing her job. Cleaning things, stocking things, giving me 5-star service, you know, all the biggies. I can't review the froyo--I didn't try it nor do I remember what it cost--but for gelato I loved it!
5	Not the biggest flavor selection for Frozen Yogurt but still delicious! The place was clean and the outdoor seating in Tivoli is enjoyable. I'll definitely go back!
4	We were on a jaunt to visit new places that popped up since our homecoming to Las Vegas and came upon this place in Tivoli Village.  We needed a little something to eat while sight seeing and this was a nice stop.  The yogurt machines were almost all down when we went, but they had an assortment of gelatos, waffles, and crepes so it wasn't a big deal the self-serve machines were not working.  The lady who was working that day was so sweet and helpful.  She took time to help us out with our questions.  Their gelatos were a hit.  The place was clean and the outdoor seating is ideal if the winds weren't crazy the day we were there.  I will go back on a prettier day after lunch or dinner for sure.
