1	I was in Vegas with my friends for my birthday. We decided not to get expensive manicures at the hotel, so opted to drive off the strip and find a place to get our nails done cheaper. We found this place and walked in. My manicure was only $12, so not too bad, but my friends were getting pedis as well. The pedi alone was $25 and my friend who got both paid $35. That is WAY more than they expected, but we were already there, so we thought, what the hell.  I take really good care of my nails. The woman that did my nails used an ELECTRIC file on my NATURAL nails and didn't even use a buffer to smooth out the roughness left on my nails. This is also what she used to "clean up" my cuticles. There was never a cuticle pusher or clipper involved. She also did not attempt to cut my nails. When I told her that I wanted them cut down shorter, she started to argue with me, though, eventually conceded, but did not cut my nails as short as I would have liked. Then, when it came time for the polish color, the sides of my nails were left bare. When she saw me looking at them, she told me that professionals like herself know that you should not paint the entire nail as the color is meant to "fake" perfect nails. I told her I liked my entire nail polished and after some attitude, she attempted to paint more, which, in the end, just resulted in uneven color. I took the polish off this morning and my nails look awful. The surface is rough and uneven and it's going to take me months to get them normal again. The shop did not seem clean at all and the mani/pedis took longer than it takes me at the hair salon! Whatever you do, DO NOT go to this place. You WILL be disappointed. When we left, we all decided that we should have just spent $50 a person at the expensive hotel nail salon!
1	I am not even going to get into very far, but they gave me a staph infection from dirty tools. fuckin gross man. It's called antiseptic. fuckin use it...assholes...
5	This place is great. The prices are decent and the staff is fun to be around. My boyfriend and I go in twice a month to get pedicures. I also get my eyebrows waxed here and the girl is great shaping them. For two pedicures and a waxing the total is 56.00, so that is super cheap. The place is clean and the chairs are nice. I dont know where the girl who complained about a 25 dollar pedicure is from... But at a salon it would have been more than double. If you cant afford 25 dollars, maybe you shouldn't have came to Vegas in the first place.
4	$25 really is not bad for a pedicure.  Actually, that's about average for a large city.  If not on the cheap side.  This is a no frills pedicure.  Standard buff and polish with a nice foot and leg massage.  Kim is super nice and did a great job!
3	Okay. Not the worst service I've had in Vegas and not the best. The reviews freaked me put while I sat in the spa chair reading um. 40$ for a back fill with gel and a pedi isn't high priced and for what I got I def don't feel ripped off. The place could use a deep cleaning but nothing looked unsanitary. If I'm in this getto little part of Vegas again and need a quick nail shop I might consider them.
5	I have been going here for a few years on and off. Every time I have been here, I always get good quality work. Additionally the staff is the nicest in a nail salon that I've ever encountered. They're always joking and laughing with guests. Price isn't so bad either. I got a manicure with gel polish for $25. Whenever I go I see the staff use fresh   tools for each customer. Brushes are always sanitized.
