4	We went here on a Tuesday eve, had no trouble getting in at 7:30 PM.  Our waitress was quick and efficient, for the most part.  I wasn't all that hungry so I ordered an app as a meal.  Chicken tenders.  5 or 6 chicken tenders arrived... hot and tasty.  With bbq & honey mustard sauces.  And a few carrot/celery sticks.  Nice touch.  Service was pretty quick.  My dad got the turkey club, and it was sizable and came with a ton of fries.  My brother in law got the fish and chips, and it came with 4 pieces of fish and lots of fries.  My sister ordered the Irish nachos, and those were again a very hefty order (basically potato chips with cheese, bacon, & onions).  Overall, satisfying, good value.  Nothing that totally wowed ANY of us, but we were happy with the portions and prices.  And the location?  Great.  Right in Masquerade Village @ the Rio.  Caught the free shuttle next to Paris.  We were staying at Planet Hollywood.
4	My brother really enjoyed the Lucky Charm girls, who wore fishnets, little green outfits, and gave out free drink tickets at the WSOP. We ate here a couple times because with a group you can order a pizza or something and split the food and put back some drinks for about as cheap as you're going to find it.
3	How can you beat dueling pianos?OK, they weren't "dueling", more like dueting, but it was quality, fun entertainment.  I expected it to be cheesy, but it was two younger guys who had fun with the cheese!Oh yeah, and there was food.  And it was good.  The service was incredibly slow, and the food was just OK.  I was hoping for a better selection, but if you're into typical Irish pub food and oogling some Hooter's-like waitresses with a good selection of beer, this is your place.  It's right in the Mardi Gras area where they have the show in the sky, so every 20 minutes or so you get that shenanigan going on outside.  But you didn't go to Vegas for a nice, quiet meal and conversation, did you?
3	McFadden's has the same redeeming qualities that an good pub should have:+pretty bartenders+beer pong+DJ+you can dance on the bar
4	I visited their booth at the BITE of Las VEgas so it was a pretty limited menu but it was real damn good  Green Fried Tomatoes w/Shrimp Remoulade for $5. I dont usually go to the RIO but I may make an exception.
2	Never again! Limited beer selection, bad design and awful food! Oh and it's pricey.  We got the Irish nachos. They used Movie theater cheese. No kidding.If you are this close to McMullan's on Trop, just go there. It's a real pub with real food and real beer selection. Get their Irish nachos (or anything else). It's all great.
3	Not your normal Irishbar that I am used to but still a pretty cool place to check out.  They had $5 Bloody Marys on the night I came.  It was a Sunday Night.  We ended up having dinner here and ordered the Fish and Chips, Shepard's Pie and some boneless buffalo strips... The portions were huge!  The prices were fair for a Vegas establishment though I would have still liked to pay a little less for pub food.  There was a piano singer during dinner which was nice...  And then they had a lot of flyers for some special nights they had, which made it seem like a college hangout on most nights here.  Seems like a perfect place for Keg Guys who want to PARTY.......
4	Stopped there for lunch, and had an absolutely fantastic burger. Service was a little slow, but the food was top notch (well.. as top notch as you get for like $15 inside a casino). I would happily eat there again.
3	It was just okay. Servers were nice, but the food was mediocre. The Irish nachos were made with movie theater cheese instead of real cheese. The shepherd's pie tasted funny, so we sent it back. My burger was not bad.THE PIZZA WAS HORRIBLE! I never waste food, but i couldn't force myself to take another bite.Bottom Line : Just go for the booze and the quasi-hooter girls.
4	We loved this place! We went here last week Tuesday and it happened to be karaoke night. The food was okay. I had the chicken caesar wrap. You can't really mess up making those. Big portions, came with fries and was about $10. My husband had the 12 oz. new york strip steak and it was really good. It came with veggies and huge portion of awesome garlic mashed potatoes. That was about $23. Typical bar food. The new bartender didn't  know how to make a margarita. I think it was only a 10oz cup and it was $9. The server was cool. She was getting mad that the bartender couldn't make drinks. She even suggested that I get a new one. She also told us to not waste our money on the fish bowl drink, because it's mostly made of mixes and barely any alcohol. We really appreciated the honesty. We had so much fun here though because of the crowd that was there. Everyone by the end of the night was drunk and belting out bar songs like Journey, Guns& Roses, Def leppard, and etc.
4	One of our stores is right near McFaddens in the Rio Las Vegas, so I went to McFaddens for lunch or dinner a few times while working on our Rio store. I tried a few sandwiches, and some wings. The food was good, I had never eaten at the McFaddens in Chicago (only went to drink) yet was surprised at the food in Las Vegas. For bar food it was pretty good. The wings aren't too good since I had the "hot" and it was more like mild to me (yet I love hot food). I would advice to stick to the sandwiches and burgers.
2	We came here as a alternative to the Seafood Buffet that opens after 3:30pm. Watching Hells Kitchen my man and I wanted to try the "Pie". So we ordered a Shepards pie and Mac and Cheese Bites triangular deep fried with what I think is used for their Fish&Chips batter (I totally didnt read and thought  we would get a hot bowl of homemade Mac&Cheese) Shepards pie was quite oily and the Mac bite didnt do anything for me. Apparently food is not the highlight for this restaurant bar/club. (Is it ever?)
2	Not a very authentic Irish Pub, but then again I have never ever been to Ireland, so what  do I know about real Irish Pubs? What I can do is compare McFadden's to other Pubs that  I have been to, and all I can say is, meh. I would not even call this place a pub at all. Heck, they don't even refer to themselves as a Pub. The restaurants actual name is McFadden's Restaurant and Saloon. Isn't Saloon an old west term? My Girfriend and I visted this place on a Thurs. night. They had the whole dueling piano thing going on that night and later on  they had what they called a "White Trash Bash". $1000 went to the girl they crowned Miss White Trash. We were not interested and left after we finished our meal. Speaking of meals. Their menu included things like pizza, pasta primavera, shepard's pie, egg plant parmesan, St. Louis BBQ ribs, burgers and a Reuben sandwich. I had the Reuben, which was good, but flat like a panini sandwich. It came with shoe string fries that were obviously straight from the freezer. My Girlfriend had the Pasta Primevera. Pasta Primevera in what suppose to be a Irish restaurant? She did enjoy it though. The penne pasta was tossed with garden vegetables, a heavy amount of marinara sauce and garlic bread on the side. I'm gonna have to give this place 2 stars because, "Meh, I've experienced better". We were looking for Irish and what we got was a complete poser pub that served Italian. Italian?
4	Seems to be more of a sports bar than Irish Pub, I think.But they're not lying about having some crazy (hot) bartenders.The food (burgers) weren't bad either.
1	I roll in to McFaddens after learning the Tilted Kilt is no longer in the Rio.  I have to say I was sorely disappointed by the service--they were out of Guinness--how can an Irish pub not have Guinness?  They were also out of a few entree selections and what we got was edible, but not particularly tasty.
3	Happened to be staying in the Rio this week and I needed an inexpensive meal--so I decided to give McFaddens another chance.  Actually, the food was pretty good and the beer selection was as well.  I'm guessing that my first trip (one year ago) was when the place was first opening.  They have worked out some of the kinks.  I had a crab burger (hamburger topped with crab) that was pretty good.
2	I was staying at the Rio and decided to try this for dinner one night and also for lunch one day.  Both times it seemed like no one was actually working at the front door, and there were long lines, even though there were open tables inside.The first night for dinner I ordered their "famous" buffalo wings - and was informed they were out.  WOW.  really?  So instead I order chicken fingers and asked for a side of their hottest sauce.  Food finally came out (took awhile) and yet no sauce.  So I ask again, and they bring me just regular buffalo sauce.The next day when I went for lunch I ordered a wrap and asked again for a side of their hottest sauce, "Nuclear".  My meal came and still no sauce.  I asked the guy who brought out my meal for the side again and he never returned.  Guess they never wanted me to try it.The place really didn't seem to have their crap together.  No one really seemed to know what they were doing and the service was slow and the food wasn't worth their prices.  and they had no Guinness the night I was there... an Irish bar without Guinness?  Do I need to say more?
3	The Wings are the best I have ever freakin had in my life. Seriously. I'm booking a trip back just for the freakin wings. Chili Garlic is unbelievable. The service sucks. It's not an Irish bar and if you are not there for happy hour the booze can be pricey. AND there are no bathrooms in the place, you have to walk out into the casino and around the corner.
2	We sat at the bar for some dinner.  There were only a few people there, yet it took forever to get anything.  The bartender was friendly, but was not happy she had to be.  The food is blah.  I had the potato stuffed with ham, bacon and cheese.  It was a large portion, but the flavor was bland.  My friend eating with me had a similar experience.
2	Well, now that's a deep subject. Where do I start. The two stars are for the bar helping me discover some type of spirit that mixes well with ginger ale. Jamesons whiskey. For a change it was not due to being over served that I don't remember the food. It was needless to say nothing to write about. My group, which sat outside did enjoy watching the management as well as waitstaff and host playing makeshift basketball at the front entrance. Not terribly professional. With all the Vegas options, no need to return.
1	I went here for dinner during my trip last year. I'm usually not one to complain about food, even if it is less than par. However, this was the first time in my life (and a first for my friend also) that I had to send my steak back to the kitchen. We both ordered our steaks medium, and it came out rare..almost raw. Our server was not sympathetic towards our concern, and simply went through the motion of taking the plates back and forth from the kitchen. The second time around, the steaks were so rubbery i took maybe 2 bites before looking at my friend and saying "I give up". We both just ate the side mashed potatoes that came along with the dish, and left everything else there. We made comment to our waitress that our meal was not good, and still she shrugged off and brought us our bill. No attempt was made to reconcile our bad experience. If you're looking for bad service and unedible food, make sure you stop by McFailure at the Rio.
4	It is real nice for a chance to go into a place in Vegas where the girls dont pretend so hard to be all that and so rich wearing polyester dresses, but are actually normal and easy to talk to. The guys are just the same though as everywhere else: in shorts and jesushoes :) If you are looking for a good time and real nice barstaff and waiters, fun people to talk to and a real casual environment, THIS is the place for you. Its a great start up to head out to a fancy club with snooty people and arrogant doormen. It does relax you and the drinks are waaaay cheaper.
3	My sister and I hung out here for an hour or so, waiting for the show in the sky. Good selection of drinks, nice little spot, not that big, during really busy times it would be hard to grab a seat. Are first table was by the bar, and my sister ended up making us move to a different table, because a group of loud and slightly obnoxious guys came in to watch a game, and became a little too roudy. Tried to order the corned beef sandwich, and found out they were out. How does a Irish bar run out of corned beef? I just don't understand it. But I think it turned out meant to be because we ended up ordering some wings, and they just were out of this world. Garlic parmesean cheese wings. Sooooo good. Ended up nicely buzzed for the show, and even managed to snag some beads! Great feat since the ladies up there were being really cheap with the beads.
1	Shepherds pie was underseasoned, the French onion soup a joke. Carmelized onions? They might have seen the inside of a warm pan for five minutes or so, no where near the forty five good soup takes. Would have been nice ifthe cook knew what the salt looked like too. The drinks were ok, the prices on the specials better, so stick with them!
1	The wait at this place was horrible we first stood at the entrance next to the please wait to be seated sign for at least 10 min trying to catch the attention of one of the 2 lazy slow waitresses.We were seated the menu came waitress asked if we wanted drinks ,put in drink order, 15 min later a watered down tasteless bloody Mary arrived to the table.Oops forgot the rest of the drink order.When the meal arrived 40 min after the drinks I was shocked to see a plate full of chicken nugget's ,had to ask the waitress if this what McFaddens calls boneless chicken supposedly the menu actually had like 8 different sauce flavors for these chicken nuggets? WTF. The waitress really didn't seem to care nor did the manager when we asked if this plate of chicken nuggets was truly what they were trying to pass as boneless wing's ,manager was very rude and condescending to myself and the couple we joined at McFaddens, unfortunate since we stayed at Rio for 4 nights and had the food been half way decent we would have returned.But just as disappointing was the demeanor of the staff at this place,Shame on you Harris for having a group of dead beats dealing with your clients.McFaddens is a definite NO WAY! Your better off going to McDonald's to order a 20 McNuggets at least they arent rude and snobby.
1	This place claims to be a recreation of the original in New York. Sorta as if I were to claim being the king of Siam. But let's just go with it. This place also claims to offer authentic Irish fare. If Sysco makes authentic Irish fare then this place serves it. I was trying to catch a show and couldn't fit the buffet in with my timeframe. I ate here because I had few options being inside a casino. The food was not worth the price. 11.99 burger with cold cheese soggy bun and anemic lettuce. The fries were covered in garlic oil and were tepid. Seriously, there is nothing redeeming about this place. The beer was even flat.The service was disinterested at best. We didn't get knives because apparently they were out of stock.This place is to be avoided at all costs. I ate here as a last resort and I'm kicking myself for not holding out. Seriously, pangs of hunger would be a more pleasant experience rather than dine here again.
1	Eek! Methinks not. EXACTLY. $10.50 for 5 wings? Correction. Crappy wings. Rude waitress, had to beg for a menu from multiple waitresses. 80's music. Went there for an event but never going back. Ever. Besides the fact the service was horrible, they forgot to bring us a bill after asking several times. 1 free Corona wasn't even enough to make me smile in this dump.
3	This place wasn't anything spectacular but I don't really have much in the way of complaints.I went here because my buddies wanted to play in the Beirut Tournament (that's Beer Pong of the unfamiliar). They didn't do great because of the rules, but that didn't stop me from having a good time. They offered a boat load of free drinks, shots, and beer bongs which was fun but their pitchers of beer seemed a bit watered down.The people there were friendly and the employees accommodating. It didn't seem too be very Irish, but it's Vegas; everything seems a bit watered down in the way of authenticity. I'll return if I'm ever at the Rio.
4	I came here for the first time only because I won a drawing that got me an OPEN BAR TAB for a 3 hour window.  Heck yeah !!Pros- * Awesome music (2 separate rooms..1 of the rooms had a live band) * Saturday Nights are packed !! * Bartenders / Hosts are friendly  Cons- * Definitely not a place to catch up with an old friend (really loud)Tips- * Get the AYCD (All You Can Drink) Bracelet... It's totally worth it !  I had Jack and Cokes all night !!  Just don't drink and Drive ! * Get there early so you can get a seat and even eat.  Food is served until 10pm Nightly * Don't forget to tip your Bartender (even with the AYCD)  This place was definitely fun.  I loved how lively it was and the AYCD is an incredible deal !!!  I'll be coming back and bringing friends along for sure.
1	First... Don't be fooled by the name and decor... Some people are under the misconception that painting the walls green, throwing some shamrock cutouts on the walls and serving Guinness makes the place an Irish Pub.. There is nothing irish about the place.We went for lunch 2/27/11. The lines everywhere else in Rio were long and we were starved... Now we know why there was no line here.  Of the four of us we ordered three burgers and on Shephards Pie.The "Mushroom" burger had exactly 3 slices of mushrooms stacked in the middle of a burger patti with white goo that they said was cheese. The other two got had 2 slices of jalepeno on their pepper burgers. I had the Shep's Pie... For those who don't know what that is... It's ground beef, peas and carrots in brown gravy with a layer of Mashed potatoes on top. It's just easy, yummy comfort food.  Unless you get it here.  After I scooped the 6" of tasteless, dry, smushed boiled potatoes (not mashed or seasoned) there was 6 spoonfulls (I counted) of "meat filling" at the bottom.  It had zero flavor! How to you screw up ground beef and brown gravy???!!!! I ate it because I was starved. This was a grave error in judgment.After we paid the $80.00 bill for 3 mediocre hamburgers and a pot pie sized stew (+2 beers) we headed to continue with our day.And now it turns out that it was the  lunch that keeps on giving. I am still ill today.Wait in the lines... Don't even think about it... Run, don't walk, away from this place!!!
1	We went here for a late dinner since every other place was closed at the Rio and we needed to eat before we got our drink on at Voodoo Lounge.They had a live band that was actually pretty amazing. They did songs that ran the gambit of Johnny Cash, Journey, and AC/DC. They had all my favorite music right there so I was totally excited. Not only did they have a good variety (this one band) but they actually did it well! The bar definitely needs to work on their sound system though because it's way too loud for the space. I couldn't even talk to the people next to me which I find really annoying. The menu consisted of your typical bar food with a few Irish things thrown in. I figured I'd try the corned beef special (wasn't sure I'd get my fix for St. Patty's day!). When the food arrived it was nothing spectacular- looked like cafeteria food thrown on to a plate. Mine looked the best of anyone's even though it was literally swimming in grease.The corned beef was decent but ridiculously greasy I thought it was going to slide off my plate. The rest of the grease came with a side of carrots...it was that bad. Of course there were the traditional red potatoes which they didn't even bother to carve the eyes out of (or whatever you call them) and one of them was black in the middle and completely rancid. GROSS! I was pretty much done at that point but no sense in sending it back.As for the other plates at the table, the plain hamburger was picked up and just dropped grease out of it. I don't mean typical burger grease that is pretty normal but like the patty had just been covered in it. It looked like it needed to be wrung out like a wet dish towel. Someone else had something that resembled a Philly Cheesesteak which was equally disgusting- the cheese was congealed and unflavored nacho cheese which was stuffed into the bun to make it look like there was a decent amount of steak (which there was not). Now the fries....I didn't think a bar could really screw this up but these were the most disgusting fries I've ever had. I'm not sure if the grease used to fry them was bad, if the potatoes were bad, or a combination of both but it was HORRIBLE. They had a nasty after taste which makes me think that they fried them in the same thing used for the fish and chips- a nasty, fishy taste to them. Just thinking about it makes me want to hurl. This is by far the worst restaurant I've been to in Vegas. The servers were ok but the food was so bad it doesn't even matter.
3	we came by after the wind picked up and we couldn't stay out at the pool. also the day after st patty's. i was expecting some rollicking good time, but, not so much here. i mean, it was only 7p, but, not much going on. a couple groups and families. i was thinking that it was going to be nuts, especially the way the website bills it, but, nothing.oh well. we had a couple rounds. made some new friends. caught up with old ones. and got more drunk. i don't really know how much the food or booze was. sorry. i was drunk. headed back to the strip after a couple hours. space isn't too bad in there. bartenders and cocktailetresses were nice.
4	Great place to drink when there are events going on (super bowl, st pattys day, ect..) and the staff is friendly and quick. Never had the food, nor would I try it...
2	Went to McFadden's for a small St. Patrick's day celebration with some of my friends.  McFadden's is located inside the heart of the Rio resort on Flamingo.McFadden's was crazy busy the night we decided to stop in.  The bar staff all looked beat, the bouncers had enough lip and sass from all the rowdy patrons, and the "leprechauns" were done dancing and just kind of hanging around the bar.  Overall, it took far longer then expected to get a drink from the bar, the music was a mess; as was pretty much the whole place.  I was reminded of my early college days at Blondies' inside Planet Hollywood.  Just disorderly fun that slowly turns into a big mess.  Apparently, we showed up a little late for the party.
1	This place seriously sucks.  There's nothing about it that says "Irish bar" to me; nor Vegas.  Its brightly lit, boring, and still had Halloween decorations up and it was May.  We were on an all-you-can drink "top shelf" liquor for two hours deal that included a big appetizer tray.  The alcohol selection here is horrible.  They had only one kind of scotch, refused to make us martinis (I guess those are above the top shelf?), and the appetizer tray was 100% deep fried and not good.  The waitress, Megan, was completely bitchy to us and said, "Well its not like you're going to tip me ANYWAY."  What the hell?  Who says that?  Sorry you had a bad day or whatever.  We all left pissed off and also complained to the company who had set us up to go here.  McFaddens won't be getting any more business from them and hopefully from a lot of other people that read this review as well.  STAY AWAY FROM THIS PLACE!
1	OH.MY.GOODNESS.No amount of Mardi Gras beads and free cocktails in the casino will ever make this place an acceptable place to eat in Sin City.  That being said - I really think it speaks to my character that I ate here not once but twice during my last trip to Vegas.Since my girlfriends and I were staying at the Rio, we went here looking for a quick, simple bite. My friends laughed at me because I bitched and moaned about the food and service the entire time I straight up inhaled my chicken salad (thank you, hotel room "pregame" cocktails for the appetite). I swore I would never return. Fast forward a day and half and after indecisively roaming the Rio for food and somehow (not my choice) ended back at this dump. Their food is terrible (I was slightly more sober this trip). Nothing looked or tasted good. Their service is slow and comes with an attitude. The waitress we had both times is awkward makes creepy faces. Spending money here is worse than the slots.
4	Okay this is an update to a previous review.  I so would've given this place a 5 star, but some of the workers are super stuck up!!  Get an attitude check on your employees and this place would def be a 5 star !Pros:  All you can drink option  beer pong, beer bong, and shots off an ice sculpture  interactive atmosphereCons:  Attitude-induced female workers  Crowds aren't too friendly  All you can drink option isn't too great.  Small dance floor  Electronic Dartboard, but no one could tell me where to get darts!Verdict:  Despite the attitudes I encountered. there was a plethora of games and things to do....Still a good place to go with a few friends and get drunk for a decent price.  I think the bracelet is $35 for mens and $25 for women.  Don't quote me on that though.  I won a free  all you can eat pass so I didn't pay anything.  Just tipped my way to a drunken-stupper.  Info/ Tips:  Just so it's not a surprise.. the AYCD bracelet gives you the following-  Whisky, Vodka, and Gin as a mixer option.  No this is not brand names, but I must say that Whiskey could of passed for Jack Daniels... then again how do I know... I was drunk!  Get a game of beer pong going.  Just get enough beers to start the game.  Plenty of tables, free cups, and pingpong balls available  There is a 4-hosed beer bong, but the thing was getting no action and the bartender couldn't give me a price so I just passed and downed some Jager off the ice sculpture that catapulted a large dose of licorice flavored courage down my throat.  The dance floor is small but  large enough to hold 20 plus people.    Very interactive...listen to the DJs cues for giveaways and prizes throughout the night.    There's a bar at the far north corner of the bar... go here to avoid crowds.  Try your hand at the boxing game.  900 is a perfect score.  Hit it!!
2	An odd mix of Mexican and Irish food, none of which is very good.  However, there are all you can drink drinks (also not very good, but containing alcohol).Really not my first choice, or second, even at the Rio.
1	Came here for the Star Trek Convention (woot!)... and honestly... they made it Star Trek themed drinks and played Star Trek on the screen... but the bartender was really rude. I paid a lot of money to enjoy my Trek time and we wanted to order drinks from the Star Trek Drink Special menu and the guy grabbed it and threw it and said "I've been taking orders from this all day. Order something normal"Uhh, seriously? Do you not see my Trek badge? I'm here to experience my Star Trek! Don't deprive me of my Romulan Ale!The food was small and overpriced and didn't taste good. The dance floor is small... I don't think it was suppose to be a dance floor anyways. Overall... avoid.
2	A bit unsatisfying, but I will give credit where credit is due. Located at the Rio, this is our first time coming here. It wasn't to busy, so we decided to stop by. We were seated at one of the high tables. I didn't mind a high table, except the fact that my chair was wobbling back and forth and made me jump a few times cause I thought it was going to break under me. I thought of moving to the other chairs but it was wobbling too. Of course, that kind of started the dislike. The place itself did have its unique features, which I did admire. I did like the fact of rotating fans that turns around so everyone can feel it, instead of it being stationary. What did intrigue me was "serve your own drink" bar taps on one of the tables. I'm sure you have to pay for it, but it was new to me. The staff was friendly in a way, but a bit in a hurry to take our order and leave. But they were quick on refilling the drinks and bringing out the food. The food on one hand was decent, nothing that exciting, I had the Shepard's pie, which was good, and may recommend it. But it didn't really stick out for me that much. Good thing about it, that it's best known for its bars. A good place to hang out with your friends and have a few beers and mingle. But a place to actually sit down and eat? Is a bit questionable and my experience was a bit disappointing.
2	McFadden's became the go-to bar for the Trekkers and Trekkies who attended the Las Vegas Star Trek Convention hosted by Creation this past August. (Of course we picked it, in honor of Dr. Beverly Crusher, a.k.a. Gates McFadden!) Unfortunately, this place never quite lived up to Quark's/Spacebar at the Hilton. Though we (by "we," I mean my beloved family of Trekkies) handed off the specialty drink list once served at Quark's to McFaddens (ah, the passing of the flame), McFadden's failed to make a spark when "replicating" the drink menu. Several times I received the wrong drink from the same bartender. Fortunately, she made the correct drink when informed of her mistake, and I guess it's understandable that they may not be on top of a new drink menu, but I guess the main issue is that despite the several months notice given to McFadden's of the drink menu and expected number of clientele, they really failed to deliver. I also wished they'd had a better set up for dancing. Wednesday night before the convention was great, with an open floor and DJ. The following nights included live bands, karaoke, and a couple DJs who took up the entire dance floor with their set up. Loved the music they were spinning, but there was nowhere to dance, and the hired girls dancing in their underwear was a turn-off (and I like women, so that's saying a lot.)I never ate the food or took advantage of the $30 all you can drink option (which only extended to well liquor and draft beers) but I hope that we can find a better venture next year, or that they have a better grasp of the drink menu and volume expected . . . and make more room on the dance floor!
1	I honestly wasn't expecting much because I dislike most chains and I've never been impressed with McFadden's in Philly. But I heard they had amazing drink specials so we went to check it out. The server sat us immediately but there were not many people in the bar area. Then we asked about the specials, and she said they had a few, but the one we were interested in was the reverse happy hour special. Our waitress claimed she knew nothing about it and asked another server about it. Apparently it's for locals only. We still ordered a few drinks but they came out sporadically. One came out right away which was draft magners and my gin and tonic came out soon after but we waited awhile for another persons drink and then were told they didn't have the vodka for the drink, it was a special that night so instead of using a substitution they just said we couldn't get it. So we ordered a corona instead and it took about 20 mins to come out! I didn't get any food but apparently it was decent. Overall pretty crappy attitude and service I wouldn't go back.
2	It's a chain bar inside the Rio. Did anyone really have high expectations? Normally, a McFadden's isn't so bad. But since this one is in the classy establishment known as the Rio, they had to Vegas-ize it and add that special touch of class - half-naked women. And it is with this special touch that this bar plummeted from chill chain Irish pub to frat party central. Count me out.Now, though, when us politicos take over the entire place, count me in. The ambiance and enviro is completely different. And we keep the karaoke clean.This place does have the bonus, though, of offering live band karaoke on certain nights. And this wins them an extra star. Live band is pretty much always going to be more awesome than non-live band.The food is bleh. The beer selection is eh. The mixed drinks are ick. The service is meh.
1	Had the Dublin Burger...those aren't steak fries, those are french fries.It said ranch and BBQ were on the burger, guess by a tiny little drop of each there technically was. Tried the Irish Onion Soup, that wasn't a crouton, it was a soaked piece of bread.The wings on the other hand, were really good...although $10.49 for 8 wings is a bit out of control. (now I know why they never said how many there is on the menu)Mandarin Ginger Chicken Salad was also pretty tasty...but I've had side salads bigger than is and at $11.49 is a total rip off. Also didn't help that during a dinner rush they had two servers and a full dining room...guess you can add understaffed to overpriced and not that great tasting.
3	Good food, good service, good place to watch the ball game.
1	Two servers.  TWO servers for an entire dining room that's full.  Don't assume you're going to get anything in a decent time frame.  We watched a couple next to us sit down, with the tip money from the previous folks on the table.  After a few minutes, they got up and left.  They hadn't even been offered drinks and the tip money was still there. We watched the next couple come in and after about 10, the husband looked as if he was going to fall asleep at their table. Okay, on to the food:  I ordered the Mandarin ginger chicken salad and when it came, it was in a HUGE bowl.  However, when I moved the leaves over with my fork, to my surprise I hit the plate with ease.  The salad was literally about one inch deep, it wasn't even as deep as the tines on the fork!  Keep in mind this was an entree salad and not a side salad.  I like how they do an eye trick, in giving you a giant bowl with a very wide brim, it makes you think you are getting more.  I ate my salad in about 5 minutes and was very disappointed.  The flavor was good, don't get me wrong.  You can't really screw up greens, 4 slices of chicken, some canned mandarin oranges, pre-sliced cucumbers and a dressing that is a basic, sweet soy dressing. But for $11 even the Cheesecake factory gives me a larger bowl of salad.  The Irish onion soup is a waste.  Croutons are not whole pieces of bread that are soggy.  You use croutons for a reason, so that it can soak up some of the liquid and stay decently together.  It was also super salty (but I will admit, I live in a low-salt household, so I'm used to not using salt).  The boyfriend (he posted a review below) had the Dublin burger and I just didn't think it worked on the firm ciabatta bread.  It had two little squirts of ranch and bbq sauce, which barely made a streak of color on the bun.  He ordered it medium and it was closer to medium rare and VERY pink.  He managed to eat just under half of it and I knew at that moment, that it was bad.  See, my boyfriend can pack away some pretty crappy food and he NEVER leaves that much burger on his plate.   The wings were decent but for 8 wings for $10.95 it's not worth it.    If you're going there for late night wings/greasy food and some drinks, go on ahead, but please don't go and expect a good meal.  However, their stuffed baked potatoes looked good and I was kicking myself for not ordering one.  Perhaps they are better... Oh, the fries were good!
1	First of all, a chain Irish bar does not belong in the Rio. Management can and should come up with a better gimmick. That said, it would be alright in the place exuded some Irish charm. It doesn't.I came here with a drinking buddy in July, looking for some good beer after all of the razz-squatini type drinks dished out at the i-bar. We had a coupon, so that made the beers only four bucks a piece. I don't remember what we drank, but I do remember the butterface bartender/waitress wearing low-rise jeans, clearly without underwear, walking around with a bottle opener IN the back of her pants. Then she opened up our bottles with said opener and stuck it back in her ass. This would be a neat trick in a strip club. Here, it was just bizarre. We drank the beers and fled the premises. WTF? Go away McFaddens.
1	Long-time YELP fan, first time responder:Bought a GroupOn for this place. I mean, why not, right? Never had a bad experience in a restaurant in a casino. What a mistake!!!Picked up a friend at the airport and decided to stop by and have a late lunch/early dinner. It was about 2:30pm on November 5th, 2011 -- WSOP was in town, it was a beautiful Saturday afternoon, the Rio was booming. I tell you all this because if you didn't walk through the Rio to get to McFadden's, you wouldn't have known any of that.First impression as we walked up to the "Seat Yourself" sign: Who moved a frat house into the Rio?If I didn't know what time of day it was or where I was, I would have thought I had just walked into some East Coast bar 5 minutes after closing time, not into a restaurant situated on the main floor of a well-known casino in the middle of the afternoon in Las Vegas.The place was filthy. Wooden floors that didn't appear to have EVER been swept had food debris and general ick. Not a single table was clean - not one. Chairs were not neatly assembled, but were somewhat pushed up to high-top tables and many appeared to be leaning or broken in one manner or another.We thought, maybe there was some crazy lunch rush, but no one appeared to even be thinking about cleaning. Of course, all we spotted were two employees - one male (who we noted after about 10 minutes of looking around) and one female (behind the bar who never, not once acknowledged our presence, despite the fact that we were within a few feet of her for our entire unfortunate time in this dump).There were two people sitting at the bar, three ladies were sitting in a booth to the far back, and it appeared that the entire left side of the restaurant was closed for what appeared to be a party of no more than (maybe) a dozen people. One male server (about 5'8 or 9" dark hair) walked past my group several times (and I mean within less than a foot of us!) without even looking at us, though we were clearly looking for a place to sit and were trying to make eye contact to ask where we could or should sit since everything (including the tables in the closed off area) was littered with dirty plates and dirty napkins and ...well... dirt. I mean, he literally was avoiding bumping into us, but refused to look any of us in the face, just kept sliding right past and ignoring us.FINALLY, after the fourth passby, I spoke up to ask the server where we should sit. He continued to awlk past without stopping, waved his arm around (at all the dirty booths) and said, "Anywhere." He didn't offer to clean the tables, say hello, or anything of that nature. We spotted a booth in the way back corner next to the three ladies that appeared to at least be free dirty dishes now, as a busser appeared to be cleaning some of the tables haphazardly. So we made our way there.First impression of the menu: Are they for serious with these prices?$13 burgers in a place where what appeared to be a sports seating area (though we don't know as it was closed off to us) was furnished with visibly stained (from 20 feet away) and cruddy furniture that you would find either in the previously referred to frat house or college dorm shared space? These people are out of their mind. Of course, the only reason we had a menu was cause they were on the table, not because we were EVER greeted.As we looked over the menu, the bartender (short blonde girl) came around and either gave or took a check from the three ladies in the booth directly next to us. She never even looked our way, despite my son stating quite loudly how thirsty he was and my promising to order him something as soon as the "nice lady" (who I was looking directly at) came over to us. With that, the bartender looked me in the face, turned around and walked all the way back around the bar to the other side and continued her excellent job of ignoring us.After continuing to wait another 5 - 8 minutes, we decided to leave. No one said a word to us, though we, again, were passed two more times by the male server and we walked right past the bartender behind the bar (who was clearly watching us leave as well).And who am I? Or who made up my dining party?My husband is a professional chef, my friend visiting is a bartender in California, and I've worked as a corporate trainer at two major national chains over the course of a 12-year period in the restaurant industry spanning the East Coast as well as in the Las Vegas region. I will never return to a McFadden's anywhere. Seems like everyone on here appears to agree. Guess I'll donate my GroupOn to the next person who panhandles at my car. What a waste of money and time!
3	I have always been on the fence with this place, some visits have been great while others have been horrible. My overall opinion is just "meh". The food is bar food, it's ok but nothing spectacular. The atmosphere can be really fun depening on the night. I think this is the best part of this whole place. They have really good specials via their social media channels but I have been twice now where I had to argue to get the deal because these specials weren't communicated to the employees that night. If you're looking for a cool spot to hang out casually or pre game before a night out then McFadden's is cool. Just make sure to like and follow them so you can get in on their specials.
2	I went here for my friend's sister's bachelorette party. The service was alright, nothing special. She was quick to refill the drinks. Overall, there's nothing about this place that made me want to come back.I split the spinach and artichoke dip with my friend. When we got it, it was basically soup or some sort of baby food. Some of the chips were kind of stale. Just meh kinda food. We also got an order of garlic fries which were totally under cooked. Like I said, nothing really stood out to me or gave me a reason to come back. Maybe it was just an off night.
1	If you want horrible service, mediocre food, served in a dirty environment, this is the place for you. One of our constant challenges was to get our waitresses' attention from her friends sitting at the bar. It didn't help that the manager was doing the same thing.  It was a challenge to get menus, get an order placed, get silverware and get our bill. I have never been to place so disinterested in serving customers. To add insult to injury, the food was pretty lousy, and our order was wrong.  The wings I ordered came with celery that was brown and beginning to rot. The manager seemed completely uninterested in this issue. Luckily he could go back to the bar and talk to his friends...
1	TERRIBLE  Horrible service.   Literally had to get my own water and silverware.  Food was so-so.  Showed some nasty pieces of celery on my plate of hot wings to the manager...he just said "Hmm" then walked away.  Waited over 15 minutes just for someone to say hello.  The two waitresses on duty were much more intent on talking to their friends in the casino than helping customers.  Have eaten here twice now over a 2 year period, both times with a restaurant.com coupon.  Trust me, no matter what type of coupon I have in the future, I will not eat here again.  If this wasn't in the middle of a casino it would be completely empty and bankrupt within a month.  TERRIBLE!!
