5	I've used Allison to find three different apartments and she's been nothing shy of outstanding. She's gone above and beyond the call of duty to find a place that suited my needs. My latest experience with her came in the form of trying to find an apartment in Las Vegas while I was overseas. I put my trust in her to look at properties and negotiate a lease for me while I was in an entirely different country and she delivered in a huge way. I couldn't ask for anything more in an agent!
5	There is so many amazing things to say about Alisson. She worked timelessly with me to make sure i found and purchase the ideal houses for my needs. I have been doing business with Alisson for the past 4 years bought my 2nd , 3rd and 4th investment property with her . At this time She is still working on finding my ideal vacation home. She has tons of experience and can see right through bad decisions. Definitely not the agent who is just trying to make a sale. But trying to make the right match. Professional experience aside she is the sweetest , caring , honest person and gives you her full attention. I never looked back on all my purchase with Alisson, she attends and work with me until she finds a tenant for my houses. I highly recommend Alisson to anyone who wants a smooth transaction and purchase the right house in Las Vegas. I am so lucky to have worked with such a fine agent as Alisson. CHEERS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
5	When we decided to buy a home in Las Vegas we talked to Allison and she made the process very easy to digest for first time buyers. She helped us find the perfect house in our price range and we never once felt like she was trying to over sell us on a property ,but was always  trying to help us find the place that suited us. She was our first impression to real estate agents and has set the bar very high for anyone else we may encounter in the future. She helped us find a mortgage broker that was very easy to work with and got us a great interest rate for our loan. I would recommend Allison to anyone looking to purchase property in the Las Vegas area.
5	Allison found us the perfect home! It was an absolute pleasure to work with Allison during the daunting task of finding a house in the Las Vegas/ Henderson area. She showed up with an ipad and a great attitude. :) Allison helped us find a wonderful home in our price range. She made the process as painless (as possible) and walked us through every step. Allison has great knowledge of the Las Vegas/ Henderson/ and Green Valley areas. She was able to help us find a home in good school districts, and close to all of the conforts we were looking for.I would highly recommend Allison to anyone looking for a new home!
5	I was having some communication problems with my real estate agent and didnt have much time so I gave Allison a call and she took me to look at 7 houses the very next day. She was extremely responsive via phone, text and email; most of the time she responded immediately, or at the most it took her an hour or two to get back to me.All paper work was completed very quickly and I never felt out of the loop regarding where in the mortgage process I was and how much longer it would take. Everything went smoothly and I was able to close on the house in a very timely manner.Im super glad I went with Allison and would happily recommend her to my friends and family!
5	Allison has been nothing short of phenomenal in coordinating my search for a home in Las Vegas.  From the very beginning to the end of the real estate process, it has been seamless.  Having bought and sold a few homes myself, I am somewhat familiar with purchasing a home.  But this time around I needed an agent I could rely on at a distance.  I was looking for a second home and being out of state, I could not possibly be there at each step of the way.  Communication was always open and available, any and all questions I had were answered promptly via text, email, fax, phone..  Allison literally was my eyes, ears and being when I could not be present.  I was able to buy a home within my price range and she helped me with the property being it was a Short sale.   I,  being unfamiliar with properties other than your straight conventional purchase, Allison has & is also very knowledgeable in dealing with your nontraditional properties-- Short sales,  foreclosures..  She can also recommend a mortgage broker, contractors & any services relating to your real estate needs. Navigating a real estate purchase is hard enough but having her as my agent by my side made the transaction so much easier.  All the the reviews about her are spot on, that's how I found her.  So if you're looking for a real estate professional in Vegas, especially if you are out of state,  you can trust Allison to get the job done right!   I highly recommend  her.  Thank you Allison!!
5	Allison had helped us with our purchase in Las Vegas.  Being from out of state and not really familiar with the area, Allison helped guide us to find the ideal investment property.  She showed us different areas and provided information that helped us determine the area we wanted to focus on.  From the very beginning, Allison was really wonderful to work with.  She's always responsive and always ready to help with helpful tips and suggestions.  We feel really fortunate to be able to find someone we can trust.  If you're in the market for an agent in Las Vegas, Allison's someone that we highly recommend.
5	My family and I love working with Allison. She helped us find a rental home and a year later help my husband and I buy our first house. Allison is very professional, knowledgable about the housing industry as well as the areas and neighborhoods in Las Vegas and Henderson.   She is easy to work with and will make herself available whenever you need her.  She just makes everything seem easy and stress free. Please allow Allison to help you with your housing needs. Whether it be to find a rental, buy a house or if you want to rent your home. You will not be disappointed.
5	My and my wife were referred to Allison in search of our first rental home. She made everything seamless and had answers to all of our questions. She is always a call or text away and simply put, is phenomenal at what she does. A year later we went to Allison again to buy our first house. Our second experience was just as awesome. Allison went out of her way to make sure we had all of the information we needed and gave us honest feedback on what moves to take to ensure we got our home. Whenever we had something that needed resolving it was handled promptly.  She always went out of her way to make sure we were taken care of.  We will always go to Allison for our housing needs in the future.
5	I can't say enough good things about Allison and the work she's done for us thus far. She's followed up with us via phone and email in a very timely manner. On our initial walk through on several houses, she was on time, professional and highlighted several key businesses in the immediate vicinity.She's very knowledgeable about the local housing market and is diligent asking questions to help narrow down the options she presents for her clients. Her customer service skills are beyond reproach and I wouldn't hesitate to recommend her to anyone I know.We're still searching for "the right one" and are very happy that Allison's helping us in our quest.
5	Allison Jung listened, answered all my tedious questions, had great communication, understood what I was looking for and delivered! She was patient, yet aggressive. On the days that I felt like I wanted to give up, she kept me focused and excited. In the end, I'm a homeowner! We found a home that is perfect for my family and I really couldn't have asked for a better Agent or experience! :)
5	We recently purchased a condominium in Henderson.  Thanks to the outstanding work of Allison.  Allison really stands out from the pack. She was the one who made it happen. From the very beginning, she was responsive. This was a difficult purchase since we were located in California. She seemed to take this in stride. She has obviously worked with long distance purchases before. One of the first things I noticed about Allison is that she is very tech savvy.  She took the pictures of the properties for us to view and handled parts of the transaction that normally someone in the area would handle himself or herself. Allison took the time to explain the nuances of the Henderson market. Another quality that immediately stood out is that Allison is very down to earth.  We always felt like we were talking to a friend--not a saleswoman. She was very communicative throughout the entire process and was very easy to reach whether it was through email, phone or text. Aside from her skill in real estate, her personal contacts are a treasure trove. She is very knowledgeable of Nevada/Tenant/Landlord laws and she even drew up an awesome Lease Agreement for us. From start to finish, she was patient and positive. We closed the transaction in only a few weeks. Allison deserves 5 stars; no let's say she deserves 6 stars. She is simply superb!
5	My family and I are so thankful for Allison's help!! We were renting a home here in Vegas for about a year and she helped us buy it recently! I found her  here on Yelp due to her outstanding reviews and thought obviously lets call her!  I'm so happy I did.. I mean, she is an amazing person! I think she is super cool and we actually have alot in common. Great person to work with, and she was able to help us with so much more including inspections, appraisals, any questions we had she was there for us or knew someone that could help us. Made this easier than I ever imagined it to be... Thank you so much Allison!!!
5	We selected Allison to help us with our relocation from California to Henderson, NV - she was extremely helpful and resourceful to us in our first time home buying experience; we appreciated her transparency and ability to educate us on all the various areas of purchasing a home. Her efforts throughout our speedy process affirmed we made the right decision in going with AJ instead of one of her competitors.
5	If you are looking for an agent who is knowledgeable, genuinely helpful, & prompt in all aspects of purchasing property - Allison is your girl! We recently purchased a home in Henderson as we were relocating from California - since neither of us knew anything of the Las Vegas/Henderson area, it was important to us to have someone we could be candid with in asking questions about the various areas and help us determine where we would best fit in this desert. She's been extremely helpful even after we purchased the property with the various services we've needed to obtain! It doesn't get much better than working with an enjoyable person whose work makes them happy. We even came home to a welcome package from her. I can't say enough good things about her.
5	If you are searching for an honest real estate agent, who will go the extra mile to find  just the right property for you, and will listen to and honor the requests you make, look no further.I am from out of town and needed to find a property QUICKLY, in a DESIRABLE LOCATION, for a specific price, and one that would be worth my investment.  Allison Jung made herself available and was on the case, every step of the way...from finding the property to writing the offers to having the inspection and getting the closing expedited.Within two weeks we found a condo and closed the deal!  In addition to that, Allison put us in touch with movers, repair people, contractors for renovations and any issue we may have in the future.  This has been invaluable service and we are so grateful in finding Allison!  You won't be disappointed in the professionalism and expertise you will experience.With kindest regards,Candice Adams Property in Henderson, NV
