4	Inside Figs (an acronym for "Fine Interior Garden Spaces") you'll find many items for your home and your garden. Most of the selection seemed appropriate for the outdoors. Giant sculptures, archways and pots for plants. There are also several indoor items; large apothecary cabinets, chairs, enormous cabinets and armoirs decorated in an Asian-influenced style. At first glance, the items in Figs appear to be used or second-hand, but at a closer look, it appeared that they were all brand new but looked aged and weathered. I got suspicious when I saw the same item in several locations around the showroom. Not necessarily a bad thing. Figs is of the same ilk as Pier One, but the items seem to be of a more individualized and higher quality. Even though I saw the same items in several locations in the store, the items themselves looked handmade and were quality.A great place to browse if you have a yard and a penchant for the unusual. Maybe I could fit that 5 foot metal rooster sculpture in my bathroom somewhere...
5	I really like Figs.  I am really impressed by the variety of things inside this store.  If you are looking for a housewarming gift, I'd start here.I found this great big wooden "library table" for my business at a fraction of the price that I thought we'd have to pay.  We are always getting asked where we found it, and I'm glad to reccommend Figs.Great parking, and curbside service if you make a purchase.  Five stars may seem like a lot, but I love the quality and charm that they bring to the neighborhood.
4	Recently decided to spiff up the patio and backyard. Also found myself in need of a different kind of gift, so I headed straight off to Figs. I sort of have a love / hate thing with Figs. It's true, they do have a fairly unique set of products; great architectual peices mixed with the finer details of decor. Themes that range from country to Asian, kitchy to refined. But all this variety comes at a price. The store is crammed full and isn't easily shopped. Aisles snake around like a Disneyland ride in the middle of summer but here you don't get the benefit of the little signs that countdown the time you have left and some of these journeys actually dead-end whereas at the park you at least have Mr. Toad's Wild Ride ready to whisk you away. Walls are filled from floor to ceiling with artwork and if you have even a hint of OCD you will be driven to straighten that one way up at the top that hangs a little to the left! And what is up with all the paintings of those freaky monkeys in hats?!! I swear their little monkey eyes follow you around the store and well, that's just downright creepy!When all was said and done, I walked away with my gift; a metal pig that could double as an anvel (because of its weight), a few peices to place around the patio, and had a great conversation with some of the staff. Figs is the perfect place to fill your mind with possibilities and they would definately rate the coveted five-stars if it weren't for the navigation difficulties.
4	What a great little place for home decor. Most of the items here are things you won't easily find anywhere else, imported from all over the world. The selection ranges from Asian to French inspired, with many eclectic items that I really don't know how to classify.Some of my favorite things at Fig's are the vintage ceiling tiles and the rustic/ shabby chic furniture pieces. They're beautiful, and I dream about them because they wouldn't fit in my house. Ah well. The prices are fair, considering the owner does all of the buying and importing himself. If you are looking for a unique decor item for your home or garden, try Fig's.
4	Love big iron pieces for the garden?  Wish you had cast iron hooks for your home? Love Garden signs ? Always wanted a three foot high Eiffel tower?  This might be the store for you.  This is certainly an unusual blend of styles, they have everything form country clutter to rustic Tuscany . Great place to poke around and explore.  I found the prices a wee bit high for my price range but that's just me.  I would have love to pick up come french looking iron wall pieces that were in a big basket but at 18.00 each too much for me. But if I was redesigning my garden or a room I would want to check out Figs for a few knick knacks.
4	I happen to really like this place even if it is just to look at stuff but never buy.  Inside you will find a rather well organized store with lots of fun pieces to look at.  From what I gathered, it is mostly French and Asian inspired.  However, I can't quite figure out if I am actually looking or if everything is brand new but made in the shabby chic style.  This is a cool store and it is moderately priced but I don't get to go often because the husband doesn't like it.  If you are shopping for French, Asian, or Iron pieces, I suggest stopping by Figs, you probably won't be disappointed.
5	Five stars, hands down.  This place is great to check out.  The staff is low key, but don't bother asking for a discount.  You won't get it. :)  That's no problem though, as their prices are fair.  I've seen product at their store and at a Scottsdale competitor's, and Figs prices were one third...much more reasonable!!
5	Figs is the best antique shop in downtown Phoenix bar none.  I moved into a 1920's studio on 7th ave and McDowell and have been to just about every shop in the area looking for stuff to fill it up with.  Figs is by far the most impressive.  Not only do they have some of the coolest stuff from around the world but the prices are reasonable and the service is awesome.  The guys that work there can go on for hours about the stuff they have in that shop.  I would list some of it myself but I wouldn't even know where to start, just do yourself a favor and check it out on your own, even if you're not planning on buying anything at the moment even a visit is a worthwhile experience.
5	SO full of great outdoor furnishings and accessories!!  If you want to give your outdoor space a more whimsical feeling (or just want to explore a fun store), Figs is the way to go.  They have all sorts of decorations to give your outdoor space a personal touch.  They also have some pieces of furniture that I wouldn't mind using indoors.  Another plus here are the owners.  They were really non-aggressive and just welcomed me to the store saying, Enjoy the store!  I like when I can just browse around and not feel like I'm being pressured to get something.  As far as price is concerned, some people might think certain items are a bit pricey, but I wasn't really surprised.  I found the prices pretty standard for stores in the Melrose district.  Go check it out!
5	If you are looking for the coolest one of a kind things for your home and garden, this is THE place. I was expecting some smelly old run down thrift shop and this place was not that at all!! It was crowded with amazing things everywhere I looked. This place has everything from chandeliers to wall hangings to stone statues to metal art made from recycled items. I was truly blown away with the amount of interesting, beautiful, and electic things in this store. I will definitely be going back. This is not a cheapy thrift store, so don't expect any 3 for a $1.00 bins. Things are reasonably priced considering the quality and uniqueness of the items.
1	Do NOT shop here.  A simple question ends with the sales clerk chasing you and your family into the parking lot screaming at you.This morning my parents, boyfriend and I were shopping local businesses in the Melrose district.  I thought some of the items were a little pricey.  I asked a salesperson, (who may have been the owner) if he would "take 10 dollars" for a plaque with a funny saying. He replied in a terse voice "we don't haggle here.  We are firm but fair" I said "it was just a question" the sales clerk replies "you got your whole paycheck last week didn't you?  We want our whole paycheck here too".  I then say to my parents that I didn't need to be talked to like that and we should we leave.  I said to the clerk "it was just a question."  The clerk than says "Capital F to you." I take this as him saying to "F*** you" to me, and say it back.  I leave the store and he then yells at my 63 year old mother (who walks with a cane) "your daughter needs to be educated". As she is leaving the store the clerk follows us out to the parking lot shouting at us that "Capital F means Figs and Home and Garden".  He also accosts my boyfriend by saying that "they didn't bargain there and how dare we presume that the place was a flea market."I have never been chased into a parking lot by a clerk screaming at my family and me.  This man (perhaps the owner) was rude and threatening.  I like to support local businesses, but this man's behavior was appalling.  DO NOT SHOP HERE.
5	I absolutely love this store. The owners are helpful and friendly. I'm really shocked by the other post. I've been going to this store for a few years and have never had a bad incident. I wonder if perhaps they had a new employee working there.  In fact I went by there today to pick up some Christmas gifts and was greatly dissapointed to see they were closed.  I forgot they are closed on Mondays.My favorite section includes the wonderful Trapp candles. I think they were on the Oprah wish list this year. The black pepper is awesome. The owner turned me on to it and said whenever they make a fish dish, they burn this candle to rid the house of the fish smell. I purchase the little candles and they last forever. The burn time is close to forty hours. This is a great place for unique gifts that are reasonably priced. I always drool over the furniture and big pieces though they are more expensive. They are on my some day wish list.
4	I am MORTIFIED to admit that I have just now been to Figs for the first time after living and shopping in CenPho for years. Honestly - the name put me off. "Figs" conjures up a mental image of chippy white painted iron pieces and gingham-lined jelly jars and back issues of Country Living. I realize it stands for "Fine Interior Garden Spaces" -- what can I say. However, a feverish quest for unique backyard planters drew me in recently, with the promising word "Garden" finally overpowering the adverse effect of "Figs". The place is schizo, in a good way. Antique pieces, new stuff, knickknacks, gifts, furniture, jewelry, you name it, it's here. Figs is part Anthropologie, part Sage (RIP), part flea market, part European bazaar, and all fabulous. All the goodness is packed VERY tightly though, making it challenging to take it all in. Big and/or clumsy and/or claustrophobic peeps, not good for you. Price points appear to be fairly middle ground -- not inexpensive, but not angina inducing.I found a massive (and relatively inexpensive) metal antique beverage cooler to serve as a planter, as well as an ancient steel Hoosier cabinet and a funky industrial mirror which I totally did not need but could not resist. Once he realized I was actually going to drop some change, the owner stopped following me around as if I was going to slip an item into my bag and became friendly and helpful. He wrapped my items up safely and put the cabinet in my car for me -- much appreciated. I will definitely be back  -- Figs is an easy one-stop shop for gifts, and it's full of inspiration for the home -- and I would be back sooner rather than later if I could just find a damn place for that antique pie safe I was lusting after...
5	Okay, I was in there today and I'm changing my review to a five star!  Definitely a five star.  First of all, I had said they were very expensive....not.  I was wrong.  Yes, I admit it!  They have the most amazing, one of  a kind items that you will find on 7th Ave.  Designers, take note: shop here for your clients and you (and your clients) will not be sorry.  The have fantastic iron work, very quirky pieces to very traditional.Something that will go with every decor.  One thing this place is not,...boring; it IS NOT boring.  I could spend hours going through their beautiful shop looking at stunning Santos, beautiful paintings and art work, unique benches and chairs, and although I'm not a fan of faux plants etc...I adore the faux plants they sell. I bought one and I LOOOOOVE it! As I've said before, the owners are probably the nicest men you  will ever meet.  They let you browse, but if you want help, they will go out of their way to help you.  If you have exquisite taste, you NEED to go to Figs!  Trust me on this! After reading another review about the person working there being rude, it really bothered me.  I hate that!  I gave Figs three stars only because of how expesive it is.  Truly! I understand needing to make money (I used to own a vintage clothing store in St. Louis) but come on!  You should be able to ask for a better deal. The owners were very friendly to me and their merchandise is amazingly great.....but in my opinion, very, very expensive.  I"m a bargain hunter and money counts... you won't find a bargain here. (Stick with Zinnia's down on 7th and Indian School Road)
5	This is a fantastic, eclectic shop!  The owners are personable and helpful.  This store is one of my first shopping experiences when I first moved to Phoenix and part of the reason I fell in love with the city.Located in the shopping area known as the Melrose, this shop is located on a street with several other cute shopping options that are easily within walking distance.If you are looking for a unique piece that has history and doesn't clear out your retirement account...this is a definite option!!!!!
1	Nice store with lots of cool but overpriced things. I went in with a couple of friends on Saturday and finally left after I became tired of being followed around like a common thief. I'm sure the owners could show a little more respect for customers and let them shop in peace. It's not like I'm going to walk out with a 50 lb piece of iron.
5	Just remember they are closed on Monday and closed seasonal on Tuesday
5	I love this place - they've got great stuff in all price ranges and even better - they recognize you when you haven't been into the shop in years!!
5	I stumbled upon this cool shop last week after being referred by another Phoenix antique dealer. The store is loaded floor to ceiling with amazing antiques and architectural finds. The owners are friendly and informative. I purchased a sweet little bath scale from the 1930's at a bargain. Made in USA! Heavy and still working after 80 years. Anyhow, put Figs on your itinerary when you plan a trip to downtown Phoenix. You'll be glad you did.
3	They have some unique stuff in here, just over priced.But buyer be ware some stuff is questionable.I saw some lamps in here for $89 a piece and Marshall's had the same lamps a few months back for $29 a piece.
4	I've traveled the shops on the Melrose Curve and Figs is my favorite visit. Yeah - their prices are up there, as others have said, but I appreciate their selection. Whereas I find many of the other antique shops on 7th just load on cheaply veneered 80's furniture (also known as, simply 80's furniture...ugh), Figs' offering include unique statuettes, wall hangings, and [for lack of a better word] knick knacks.
5	Having lived in Phoenix for 11 years, I have only checked this place out a year ago. My daughter's daycare since she was a baby was even next door! I guess I thought it was an average home store, but this place is above average. The store is this amazing collection of old and new. One of kind or antique items. Door knockers, paperweights, wall hangings, signs, etc. I picked up this antique postal stamp machine for $85, a cast iron rooster paper towel holder (approx. $30) and some cast iron mermaids ($10 each). I could never sick of walking through this shop and looking through all of the little treasures.
5	Love this place! Eclectic mix of merchandise and friendly staff. I always make a point to stop-in when I'm in Phoenix.
3	I debated between 2 stars versus 3 stars but decided on 3 because it has beautiful and interesting stuff but it's just way overpriced and this is coming from someone that spends good money on her home decor. I wish I could come up with more details than this but that's just sort of it. I mean, if you have plenty of money to use up then shop here. Eh, I guess that's harsh; maybe for like the perfect one of a kind thing shop here but prepare to spend like 70% more than what it's worth.
