2	I am sad to say that this location is nowhere close to being up to the standards and performance of the Sahara Location. We have been to the Sahara Location 4 or 5 times and Everything has been amazing. The two things that really through us off :Sahara's Rib plate, has a mound of mashed horseradish mashed and then 2 big racks of ribs one going off of each side of the potato's. This makes sense for the $19 you pay. The Imperial Palace location: Mound of Horseradish potatoes that tasted like there was more horseradish then potato... It definitely made my eyes water. And we got about the same amount of ribs as the rib appetizer plate that my friend ordered. The Burger we bought was Dry... and they pounded out the meat so much that it was about 1/8 of an inch thick and was way to floppy.... And very very dry with not very much taste... I really hate to say it but my daughters grilled cheese sandwich was the best thing on our table.. Sorry hash house, Your Sahara location is always amazing, but as of now the Imperial palace location is way below par.
2	As far as I'm concerned, Adam Richman can keep this place. I really was not impressed with hash house, I ordered their bacon, avacado, and swiss scramble along with crispy potatoes and a bisquit. The eggs were really runny and not appetizing, I love eggs and I was severely disappointed by this, the best part of them was the bacon mixed in, but even then it was overpowered by the eggy, soggy mass (needless to say, I didn't finish them) the potatoes were ok, but not memorable, the best part of the breakfast was the biscuit wich was very good, it was light on the inside with a crisp crust and had a hint of rosemary in it, delicious! i didn't need butter or jam with it. The other problem with hash house was the portions, they give you way too much on one trough sized plate, it's intimidating to see when it comes out, it makes you feel that every meal was an eating competition of it's own, no wonder man vs. food went there. Next time Adam Richman says to eat somewhere, do your own investigation and skip this place and go to Bobby Flay's MESA for their awesome brunch.
1	We came here because man v food was loving it and so were my friends. I want my money back. The server was nice. The biscuits are delicious but that's where it ends. I ordered the basic breakfast. Simple right? Nope. I wanted cheese on my eggs and I asked for biscuit rather than toast. I got Cold eggs with no cheese and got wheat toast instead of the biscuit I had asked for. I wanted to get it re-done but the server never came back! I ate maybe 1/3 of my "obese lady special plate", the thing was freaking huge. My boyfriend's dish was runny and he couldn't eat the eggs.I paid 30 bucks for pure crap. I really would have had a better meal at mcdonalds. If you're a fat bastard who likes cold plates, messed up orders and no service, by all means, the hash house is your palace.
4	After much hype from the Man Vs Food episode with Adam Richman, Hash House A Go Go  opened a 2nd location at the Imperial Palace on the STRIP.HHAGG is known for their Enormous portions of farm fresh food with a twist and we have been to the Sahara location several times including the Man v Food shooting so we were hoping to see the SAME food,service and atmosphere as the original.The entry/waiting area has a wall of photographs of celebrities who have visited. The dining room is typical with boothes along the walls and tables filling in between. A few TV's i n the center hanging from the the ceiling a small bar along one wall.When we arrived there was NO line so we were seated immediately but don't surprised if you have to wait 30-45 minutes when it gets busy. This place is well staffed so they keep it moving.We ordered drinks-coffee and soda then our meal-I got the fried pork tenderloin sandwich & fries and My son @milesdavisvegas got the Farmer's Daughter-French Toast w/bacon & eggs.It took awhile for the food to come out -I had 3 cups of coffee waiting but the place really got busy after we arrived and Our waiter was NEW,actually his 1st day on the job.The pork tenderloin was FANTAsTIC-thin & crispy-pickles onion and ketchup!!The french toast was great-thick cinnamony with strawberries and banana,the bacon was crisp and the eggs cooked PERFECTLY over-easy lots of yolk no runny whites!!I'm a little biased towards this place because its 1/2 places in Las Vegas that serve a tenderloin sandwich so I don't really explore the menu -just burgers,breakfast & the tenderloin BUT I see lots of people trying the chicken & waffles really killin them:)I see the Reviews on YELP really rip this location but that wasn't my experience. The service was good, the food was good and it has the same feel as the original location minus the long wait.My only knock on this place is the prices but that's just me-because-I mean the biggest thing about a midwest menu is that it's  simple & CHEAP!!!
1	Two times i go to this place different weeks and two times the same thing happens. I'm used to waiting at the HHAGG on Sahara - not a problem 30-40 minutes , maybe, i can live with it. So it came as no surprise when i tried the Imperial Palace i was told it was 40 minutes for a table. Not a problem. So i start walking around, checking out the restaurant, when i notice - THE PLACE IS LESS THAN 1/2 FULL. Okay, so i meander back up to the front - ask the guy , what gives, " The kitchen is backed up . " hmm, backed up, why ? the place ain't full ! so i wait a few another 10 minutes, no one is seated. Can't help myself, walk around again, EVERY TABLE HAS THEIR FOOD ! So again , i walk up to inquire, " we're short on wait staff ." i politely, ask to remove my name from the list. Later.... So wouldn't you know, I'm back again, this time gf has a comp, she wants a big 'ol pancake, i have my doubts , but let's try it again ....it's deja-frickin' vu all over again....same scene - 1/2 empty - 50 minute wait this time - f you very much ! and to think i used to recommend the Sahara location to others .......... F THAT !
5	Be prepared to wait both in line and at your table. Real veterans of HHAGG will know that and be prepared for the wait.This place is immensely popular. It is located at the back of the casino in Imperial Palace. Just go up the escalator. The food is wonderfully prepared with huge portions of mouthwatering goodness. Stick to the breakfast items. You'll be glad you did. This is what they are known for and they do it well, but not very fast. They create their dishes fresh. They make everything in their own kitchen. Not only is the wait time long, but the kitchen is slow. They prepare everything fresh and they get easily backed up. Half the staff are veterans from other locations and the other half are newbies with little experience. The food is worth the wait. This location has only been open for about two months and the kitchen is not as fast as the Sahara location, this is why there are empty tables.There is very little difference on the menu between the location on Sahara and this location. I've not been to the one in San Diego before. If you are not prepared for long wait times and slow service then you will be unhappy like all the negative reviews.This location serves Pepsi not Coke, like almost everything on the strip. Just know ahead of time what you are getting yourself into so your expectations are met.
3	I first known of this place from the show man vs food but since the Sahara location is always a bit far from where I normally stay I never really wanted to truck out there. Finally they opened one in Imperial Palace. The place is very modern. Steel walls, booths everywhere, colors are nice.  We had to wait to be seated since the host was never to be found.The menu is basic but with a twist. They have all the fixins you would want in a breakfast menu. I recommend sticking with the breakfast items because THATS WHAT THEY ARE KNOW FOR!  They have everything from scrambles, to hashes, waffles, combo plates galore! What is nice is all the items come with skillet potatoes, fruit and a huge biscuit!I ordered the corn beef hash. I have to admit the portion size was HUGE! I would have shared if Ive known they were that big! Everything was good. Potatoes were a bit dry egg was cold. During breakfast time you can only get scrambled eggs, which was WHACK! Our server was ok. Didnt really check up on us and he kinda took forever with everything. Would I come back? Perhaps but I would I would want to check out the Sahara location to compare the two.
1	#FAILThis place really let me down. After seeing pics of the monster size proportions I was geared up for a hearty breakfast. Well take note that if you order the famous Chicken n Waffles, they will come out in about 15min. But everyone else will wait 40 for their food, so I assume chicken n waffles are pre-made and not "farm-fresh made to order" like they claim.1) We waited 20 min for a table.2) We waited 40 minutes for our food.3) My omelet came out wrong/burnt/bland.4) Potatoes were cold and dry.5) Tables are high but your chairs are low, which makes for really awkward seating. Feels like you need a booster seat. 6) Service is slow and bad. I could tell others were getting pissed off waiting for their food as well. Everyone in there looked irritated and ready to stab the waiters with a fork.I'll avoid this place on future Vegas trips.
1	I was in Las Vegas for a company function and had heard and read about the reviews for this place. I was eagerly anticipating my visit and even had spoken with my colleagues about going. We were staying at the Flamingo so the location was ideal for us to visit for breakfast. There were 12 of us that went in and when told it was a 40 minute wait 8 decided to go elsewhere. The remaining 4 decided we would wait; you only get to Vegas so often; right? We waited for 40 minutes and we were finally seated. Everything is okay so far. The menu looked fantastic and I had already made up my mind I was having the chicken and waffles. I could not wait!! We ordered coffees and water and then our meals. The menu states clearly "please be patient, everything is made from scratch and can take time to prepare"; I am more than okay with this. I am willing to wait for fabulous, fresh food. This is where things began to deteriorate rapidly. Our waitress while bubbly was inattentive or inefficient at her occupation or both. We asked for refills on coffee; after waiting for 10 mins for her to notice we needed more. She said that she had some brewing. Okay, no problem. Two seconds later my wife notices other servers pouring coffee for their customers. After another 5 mins we wave her down again and ask for more coffee. She says "sure!" as if the previous request never happened. Several minutes later the coffee finally came. Water glasses were never refilled without having to track someone down and ask. Same with the coffee. This went on for 40-45 mins while waiting for food. The food finally started to come out. First was my wife's pancake. A couple of minutes later the french toast came out for one of us and then a few minutes later the BLT that was ordered; sans the fries. Then a few minutes after that my chicken and waffles came out. Now as I stated I am cool with the 40 minute wait for fresh food; but in that time frame you should be able to get an entire table of four all served at the same time. So, we all start to dig in. My wife's pancake is huge and looks great. They gave her a thimble full of syrup for a pancake that is the size of Texas. No problem; just ask for more. We had to ask again after it never came. My dining companions were enjoying the french toast and the BLT. Still no fries. I was taking on the chicken and waffles. They did not come with any syrup. They did come with a "maple reduction sauce" unfortunately it was reduced to nothing. The waffles were good and had bacon in the middle but they were dry without the necessary syrup to get them down. Asked for syrup again. Waited. It finally came. My friend was done with the BLT. No fries...asked for them and they finally came out. Asked for more coffee and water. Waited. Finally got it. So as you can imagine our table discussion this entire time has been how disappointed we all have been with our experience. My friend Mark finally asked for the manager and voiced his concerns with our experience. The manager apologized and left. A few minutes later Mark caught him again and asked for his business card and said "I'm a letter writer". The manager gave him the card and then came back to the table and took his BLT and the drinks off of the bill. Smart move. Took a little prodding but it was a smart move. We could not wait to pay and get out. I would not make the effort to go back. My new name for this place is "Hash House A No Go" and I will leave it at that. Good day now!
1	I was really disappointed on my last visit here.  Walter and I had been to one of the other locations and loved it. I was expecting some of the same wow factors from here as I got from the other locations. For starters, it took forever to get glasses of water. Second, when we ordered the watermelon lemonade or whatever it is that is tri-colored, we noticed that the wedge of watermelon in the drink was spoiled. The fruit looked pretty but it wasn't good for eating at all. And in that case, what's the point? Anyway, i ordered their chicken pot pie or whatever it was supposed to be. It had the WOW factor in the presentation. However, I was NOT happy. THe chicken pot pie insides were sitting in this very strange looking upside down sombrero THING. That cust-y-hat was supposed to be the crust for the filling. I guess I'm just used to the typical presentation. I wanted something soothing to the tummy and soul. I was so devastated. On top of that, I have a lot of food allergies. So, I must always remember to order food that doesn't have certain ingredients in it. I carefully selected this dish for that reason and well. . . when I got my meal, it was covered/sprinkled with bell peppers. I can't eat bell peppers. They will get me to stop breathing. There was NO indication of their being any bell peppers in the dish. I asked the waiter about it and he said, "Oh, that's how they all come. It's a garnish." Damn it! I never asked for no stinkin' garnish! So, I spent the entire night trying to eat my food while avoiding the damn bell peppers. I'm sure I got one or two but luckily, I took a benadryl just before I started to eat. Stupid people! I was upset. It was slightly my bad for not knowing about the garnish. . . but DAMN he could have offered to have it taken off or to replace my dish. GRR! stupid dude!! Needless to say, I was not impressed.
4	Be prepared for a leisurely meal at Hash House a Go Go, but trust me, it is worth the wait.  We waited 45 minutes for a table and the food took about 20 minutes to get to the table (but the menu and the server inform you of the long prep time).  The food is funky, creative, and definitely a twist.  Even thought the portions are monstrous, the food still tastes pretty good.  My boyfriend and I ordered the snickers pancake and the quesadilla stuffed with potatoes, eggs, tomatoes, and jalapenos smothered with a chili cream sauce.  The pancake was fluffy and it definitely felt like we were eating dessert for breakfast.  The quesadilla was really good too, even though it was heavy on the potatoes and light on the eggs.  It was like comfort food on an enormous platter.  The prices are reasonable especially considering that you will leave with lots of leftovers.  The service was great, and our server continued to check up on us and see how we were doing throughout the meal, and while we were waiting for our meal.
3	My husband and I saw this on the food network. They have very large portions, and a good variety of dishes. Expect to pay a higher price just for breakfast, and about a 30-60 minute wait on the weekends. The food was good, but I wouldn't consider it the best breakfast I've had. I've had much cheaper, and much better.
5	AMAZING!! We went for breakfast to the IP location. We were sat immediately (it was 8am). I ordered the Hash House Quesadilla and my husband ordered the Chorizo Hash. Mine was falling over the sides of the plate large and his was served in a cast iron skillet filled to each side. The meal was perfect!! Service was great. Prices are reasonable. Portions are HUGE!  Will definitely return.
1	Food is wonderfully presented and portions are huge but that's where the positives end.Everything on the menu is so dense, heavy, greasy and BLAND that I don't understand why people rave so much. I haven't visited the Sahara location, but I can't see how it can be all that different.My "Crispy Hammered Pork Sandwich" consisted of a giant slab of pork that's overwhelmed by oily breadcrumbs until you can't taste the meat.  Fries were overcooked to the point that oil had permeated each and every fry right to the core.I walked out feeling vaguely nauseous and unwell. When we arrived home both my wife and I threw our to go boxes straight in the trash.
4	I've had a business card from Hash House a Go Go sitting on my desk since my last trip to Las Vegas. I've been meaning to write a review. I was traveling alone so I pretty much got seated immediately at the bar. Kind of odd having a full service bar during breakfast, but this is Las Vegas after all.I saw lots of Mimosas and Bloody Mary's going out, but I stuck with coffee and an order of corned beef hash and eggs.It was a Saturday morning and the place was quite busy but there was no problem getting refills on coffee directly from the bartender. Breakfast portion was huge and there was plenty of corned beef, a good portion of eggs, and skillet cooked potatoes. I also got toast on the side. Far too much food for my typical morning meal but I wasn't complaining, everything tasted great. My meal wasn't greasy, it wasn't overly heavy, but it certainly was filling.Bartender was obviously busy but she had a great attitude and the place seemed to be humming along quite well on the morning I had breakfast. I don't know that it's worth the walk down the street if you're staying at another hotel, but if you're already in Imperial Palace and are hungry for grub, this place may just be the ticket.
1	Very disappointed. Perhaps going to the original location would have fared better. We had the chicken and waffles. Waffles were not crispy yet the syrup was only at the top most layer. Chicken was bland in taste as well.  I also tasted a scramble. For a restaurant that prides itself on large portions, the scramble was a small plate half the plate was potatoes. The biscuits were easily the best part of the meal.
5	I'm surprised to see all the bad reviews of this place. Not my experience at all! We stopped here for breakfast at this newer location inside Imperial Palace. The place is awesome. The food was awesome! HUGE portions and way too many choices to make an easy decision on what to order. I had the HUGE breakfast Quesadilla stuffed with potatoes, eggs, tomato, cheese, topped with chili cream sauce and served ON a bed of mashed potatoes!!!!!!! YUM! Also tried a bite of the Griddled French Toast dipped in banana cinnamon cream! YUM. Also the Andy's Sage Fried Chicken w/ spinach, bacon and eggs looked great and our friends said it tasted great too! The place was busy, but we only waited about 10 minutes. The restaurant is pretty large. I guess even with all the bad reviews on yelp, the place has tons of business! Go check it out for yourself. It's a fun place with good food. The throw pillows on the booths were pretty cool too.
4	servings are so big even for a plain breakfast of ham, eggs, bacon, and hash browns...ordered Andy sage fried chicken benedict...wow the blend of cheese and scrambled eggs were to die for, the fried chicken was great, the skin so crispy and the chicken so juicy...the mashed potato was great too, don't like the location though, imperial palace just seems so dirty
2	Expected to wait a long time (we had 7 adults, 2 kids and 2 infants)They mixed up some food orders and we got our food after a couple of tables that came after ours.They ran out of the fried leeks for the chicken and waffles but didn't tell us until after we asked about them and had finished our meal.  We didn't know until my friend in our party pointed it out.Anyways I thought the food was pretty tasty.  It was just the service that  we weren't crazy about.  Without the service I would have rated it 3 or 4 stars.Anyways I emailed the owner and they were friendly and apologetic.  We are going to try again (maybe at the Sahara location).I will update the next time I try this place.
5	while it's rather unfortunate that you have to navigate the appalling cinder-block monstrosity that is The Imperial Palace (aaah! save yourselves!) with its maze of mirrors and clanging slots and bad hair-sprayed up-dos, it is SO worth it just to score the Sage Fried Chicken Eggs Benedict at this glorious eatery! plan to share or take home a second meal because as everyone agrees the portions are MASSIVE, and I mean "models have nightmares about their side-salad" massive.you can also drive 15 minutes off the strip to a much lovelier location, had the Benedict at both and found them of an equally delicious nature, and the service and ambiance were excellent in both locations too.quite honestly, for me, this is the saving grace when I have to visit Vegas for work! I'd say "don't tell my boss" except that he agrees! enjoy!
5	Had the Sage-Fried Chicken Benedict as recommended by pretty much everyone, and yes it was sooo good, just a mountain of deliciousness.  The jam on the table was really tasty on the biscuit, too.  We also had the highly-recommended Watermelon-Kiwi lemonade and yes it was pretty, sweet and yummy, tasted a bit like a Jolly Rancher at first and then moved onto just fruity.  Let me tell you, the Warm Spinach Salad was possibly the most delicious salad I've ever had in my life.   The chicken hash, was kind of eh next to the other scrumptious dishes on our table, the chicken a wee bit dry and the asparagus a touch tough/stringy. Decor was very nice and our waiter was very nice and accommodating, noticing immediately when our special orders did not come out of the kitchen.  It was rather interesting to find though, following the signs down an alley off the strip to get to the Imperial and then finding the stairs to restaurant in the center of the casino ^.^
3	I saw this place on Man Vs Food and he had rave reviews for it.  Since everything you see on TV is true, I decided to stop here this weekend cause I expected delicious food.This location is located in one of the classiest casino and hotels on the Las Vegas strip, the Imperial Palace.  It's Asian motif along with the celebrity impersonators makes it a grade A destination in the 702. It's located upstairs and I heard it's pretty new to the casino.  Definitely looks new.My friends and I waited about 45 minutes to get a table.  I spent the time wisely, winning 60 bucks at the blackjack table.  The place is pretty crowded as they accommodate big parties.  The restaurant is really big as I saw tables and tables of people.The wait for the food took a while, I'd probably say like 25-30 minutes.  For some reason, I fell in and out of hungriness so by the time I got my food, I wasn't as hungry as I was an hour ago. That was really a shame because the portions were pretty damn huge.  When I looked at my friends' faces, they looked as if it was more of a task than a great meal.  I ended  up ordering the Fried Chicken Benedict, which was featured on Man V Food I believe.  It wasn't as good as I expected it to be.  The damn thing was HUGE but there was so much going on with that thing that the flavor's just mashed up and it was like I was eating slop.  Fried Chicken and bacon are two of my favorite things but when they are combined, it's just too rich for me.  There was just too many diff flavors combined into one.  I don't recall any of my friends saying their food was great but maybe everyone was full.  I saved half of the food for later and ate it after a night of drinking. For some reason, that shit still wasn't super appetizing.  Those fries Ray gave me were better tasting!Overall, it wasn't bad but it wasn't great.  If you like big portions, holler at this place.  Honestly, I don't think the wait was worth it but possibly go on a weekday or something and I'm sure the lines will be shorter.
4	While the service is average, the amount of food they give you for the money is hard to beat.
2	I've got to agree that the portions are huge and should be shared by 3 or more people.  If you have a refrigerator in your room for the left overs then go ahead and get one meal for yourself.We actually ate there twice because we were staying at the Imperial Palace.  The first night we had the Sage Chicken and Waffles and the #5 burger that was stuffed with bacon and avocado.  The chicken was dry and the hamburger really didn't have much flavor.  I also ordered a beer off of the draft list and was told that they don't carry draft beers at the that location but they all of the restaurants use the same menu.  That seems kinda cheap to me.  I was really looking forward to a Mothership.The next night my husband and I shared the Sage chicken Benedict.  This time the chicken wasn't dry and the hollandaise sauce was flavorful but the biscuit underneath was dry and hard.  Our girls got the tractor pancake breakfast and the pancake was HUGE!! One lady that was walking by said "Look its the Uncle Buck pancake!!!!"  The girls got a laugh out of it but when I tasted it I thought "dry again."So what I would recommend is that if its late and you are staying in the hotel it doesn't hurt to try it once but don't make a special trip just to eat there.  I was very disappointed.
5	I will miss you Hash House a go go.  Our time was short, but well spent.  And now all i have is pictures to drool over.Before eating here I read the review that keith a. did.  I noticed the waits are long. So when we got to Vegas and were planning everything out, I called down and spoke with someone about best times to come in.  He asked if I was going to be around mid-week and I said, "Yep! Till Thursday!"  He said, "Any day mid-week after 10:30 is generally no wait at all."I Called AGAIN on Wednesday morning to double check and the gentleman said there's no wait at all.  We got down there about 45 minutes later, and as said, we were promptly seated with no wait.  Our server was a really nice guy who was on top of his game.  Polite, Kind, and Friendly.  Three things most servers should practice!My wife ordered a egg scramble that was decent sized, it came with a biscuit and she ordered a mimosa and said that all of it tasted really good.  I tasted the scramble, it had chicken, corn, eggs and cheese.  Maybe a few other things I cant remember but it tasted really fresh!I got the Fried Chicken Bene!!! My eyes were HUGE with amazement at this insane looking mound of food that was put on my table.  I stared at it wondering how the hell do you eat this thing!?!?  After simply "diving in", I had a system going and it was going well!!! So many flavors colliding that I was very impressed.  The chipotle topping was a nice flavor added to everything else.  I saved some for that night being I was so stuffed and It was gone!!!  If eating at this location, give them a call and see what the wait is, it'll help decided if you wanna come or not.
5	Yum yum I miss it already!  After seeing this place on Man v. Food I had to go and was disappointed when we called and found out that it was about 20 minutes off strip...BUT WAIT!  Before I could hang up, she mentioned the NEW location INSIDE the Imperial Palace...yay!  I loved the food, the service, and yes, there's a wait...because they make everything fresh and to order.  Amazing biscuits and hash, delicious chicken n waffles, & giant Bloody Mary's.  Shout out to my boy Wesley...the host...he was such cool people. I will be back...mark my words lol.
4	Think Man v. Food.You heard?The meals here are ginormous but then so is the bill. Most importantly, the food tasted great and will definitely fill you up. here's the plan1. get in line and wait about 15-45 mins for your table.2. do jumping jacks and sit ups while you wait3. run in place4. pushups5. stretch abs6. order and eat.
4	My friend Michelle saw this restaurant on Man v. Food and she wanted to try it. We came here for lunch on the first day we were in Vegas. I didn't see this restaurant last time I was in Vegas, so I'm guessing it's fairly new. It's in Imperial Palace on the upper level. My friends and I had to wait for about 15 minutes before getting seated. We were looking over the menu and the Sage Chicken and Waffles caught my eye. I was stuck between the Chicken and Waffles and the Tractor Driver Combo. As we were called in, I saw that other people's portions were HUGE! The plates were big and the food was also big!  I had to come to a final decision and the winner was Chicken and Waffles. After seeing one from the table next to us, my friend Jenn and I decided to share. Good thing we did because we were STILL unable to finish one plate! The waffles were thick and fluffy and also stuffed with bacon inside! Major plus, since I LOVE bacon! The chicken was surrounded with leek and a stick of sage that was pierced into the chicken. The sage was a little too overpowering for me, but it was something different. My friend Michelle ordered the Strawberry Pancakes and it was the biggest pancake I have ever seen! I don't recall her finishing it all because it was so much! This place was very good and the service was mediocre. It took a while to get our food but I think it was worth the wait! Once again, the portions were HUGE and the prices were pretty decent compared to other restaurants on the strip.
3	I went there after a Saturday afternoon performance of Matsuri (A MUST-SEE!). It was around 5:20pm, and no more than 6~7 tables were in there. But we stood by the podium for at least 3~4 minutes before the hostess noticed us and got us seated.Waited another 10 minutes for the server to come take order or give us water (we were about to leave by now). Got our orders in, waited 10 minutes for water, and 20 minutes more for our dishes (keep in mind they weren't busy. My server was only serving 2 tables including ours).The Food was great. Large portions, nicely plated. The crab cakes were too salty on the outside, but with a little mashed potatoes it was fine.Throughout the entire dining process our server did not come over to ask how things are, or got us any refills for the drinks. We left a 4% tip and was on our way. Next time I will try their other location to see if they're really famous for crappy service or was it just my bad luck.Pros: GREAT food, very large portion and tasty.Cons: TERRIBLE service, small menu. long waits for everything.
4	Even though it was very busy and the food took forever....we enjoyed our meal.  Jay, our server, was the best.  He took good care of us and actually let us know what was going on instead of having us just sit there and wait.My husband got the gigantic plate of chicken and waffles and ate the whole entire thing.  Crazy!  I guess it was because we hadn't eaten since 5 am and were traveling all day.  I had the chorizo hash with eggs.  I hardly made a dent in the giant skillet.  It was very good but not as spicy as one might expect.  I also ordered a Smores latte.  Wow so good, but I seriously could feel Wilfred Brimley yelling something about diabetes.Decent place if you are in the icky Imperial Palace and would like to eat a weeks worth of calories in one meal.  I suggest ordering one thing and splitting it between 5 people.
4	when I was told that we would be going to lunch at Imperial Palace the snob in me instantly was like OMG ew......   my friend assured me I would not be disappointed... so I bought into it.... "ok lets go"   as we walked to our table i began to notice that this place is INSANE for serving size...  my order was the kokomo sandwich (meatloaf sandwich with 2 oversize pieces of texas toast as the bread and a humongous serving of french fries... other items at my table were a pancake the size of Oregon, Pork something or other doused with creamy bbq sauce that... that thing looked and tasted delicious....  of course someone had to get the Man vs Food  - sage chicken....  which was delicious....  I dont think people use the word delicious enough by the way!   overall I was super impressed....  I cant wait to go back!
3	Been to the San Diego Hash House a few times already, so I knew what to expect when coming to this one, other than it being nestled in a Smokey Old Hote/Casino, but that pretty much describes every restaurants that's stuck on the Las Vegas Strip. A vey stark contrast in design from the very San Diego Hillcrest location, where there's an outdoor patio and warm earth tones and sometimes a DJ on the weekend, to a very cafeteria interior. Same items on the menu, breakfast is the way to go, when you go to Hash House A Go Go. I also recommend going when you are ready to inhale a huge portion and probably make this your meal of the day. These are generous portions. Since we were in town for meetings and a tradeshow, felt it was the safer route to just have the freshly squeezed tangerine juice, god bless Vitamin C, you know you'll need some when you're walking through the smokey casinos and doing a little imbibe during your time in Vegas. Went the "healthy" route with the farm scrambled with ground turkey, broccoli and mushroom along with their addictive crispy potatoes that are perfectly crunchy and charred. Oh but there's more, a homemade  biscuit is included with this meal. Suppose if you need the extra iron, there's a sage leaf that's included as a garnish that you could try to gnaw off on. A friend also got the frisbee sized pancakes, didnt try them, but he seemed to enjoy them and again did I mention frisbee sized?We all did a good job with stuffing our bellys as much as we could. Service is decent, food comes out quick. On another day when you don't have any business meetings, etc I'd say get a cocktail, I've had them before and just a nice way to top off a soon to come food coma. Good alternative when you're sick of buffets and any other non descript restaurant that may be in your hotel for breakfast or brunch.
2	Over Rated. I was very disappointed, especially since Adam of Man Vs. Food recommended this joint haha. Anyway- the server we had was so rude and un-helpful. She acted like she didn't want to be there and it was clearly too early in the morning for her to be awake and working. She never brought out our waters until after the food was served. While the portions are certainly HUGE, the taste was just blah. I've had way better pancakes, eggs, and bacon at many other restaurants before. I honestly would've rather ate at IHOP or Denny's than this place.
4	It took hash house to get me to set foot inside the IP.  Wait was short for a Friday morning.  Service was great.  I was a little on the hungover side so I kept it simple.  Bacon, eggs, potatoes.  Bacon was thick and delish.  Hubby had the chicken and waffles.  Bacon in the waffles?  Are you kidding me?  He enjoyed it, but only ate half.  I would like to go back and try the BLT bloody mary.  I love bloodies, but wasn't quite up for it that morning.
3	Holy moly! Can we say HUGE portions????!!! This was yummy, but I feel like the focus was more on novelty than flavor. So much was on my plate that I felt like certain things lost flavor. I got the eggs benedict with sage fried chicken, griddled mozzarella, fresh spinach with eggs and bacon on a buttermilk biscuit with hollandaise. It was good, but the I couldn't fully taste the fried chicken with everything else going on.  My friend got the meatloaf. This was definitely tastier.Overall, a great experience, and I definitely recommend it if you're hungry!
5	I had a really good experience here. The service and the food were both great.There was no wait, we were seated immediately.. We went around 8pm and it wasn't even close to full at all. We got our drinks so fast & the food even faster!I found this place by Yelping, not from the show. I've always wanted to try the chicken & waffles phenomenon! Let me tell you something.. the boyfriend & I could not finish the one plate of chicken & waffles. I honestly don't understand who can? I felt sick after eating it and there was still 2 waffles left on the plate! Sick in a 'full' way of course :)The warm spinach salad was great too.I love this place and next time I'm in Vegas, I will be back.. to try something different. However, chicken & waffles? Great combo.
2	Okay the portions are big and the good news stops there.  The plates are large and filled to capacity but the food lacks flavor.  Tried 2 plates; the cheese burger and the eggs with biscuits and gravy.  Not worth the calories or the price.  Go to In N Out for a burger or get a graveyard special biscuits and gravy at 1 of the casinos.The service was okay.
3	While I am a HUGE fan of the original San Diego's Hash House A Go Go, and waited almost 2 hours to be seated, this place was totally different.First of all, the imperial palace is soooo outdated. The parking structure to the casino was a trip all on its own, and once we got to the casino, while we kept seeing the hash house a go go signs, we couldn't find it.Alas, we asked the security guard who told us to go to the middle of the casino (I hate these half ass directions btw) and walk up the escalators. While I may have looked at him little crazy, indeed you have to find the center of the casino, and you'll find the escalators to the restaurant.Unlike the San Diego's earth friendly, clean, crowded atmosphere, this one was much like the Imperial palace. Smoky and empty.don't get me wrong. the service was great. Though I wish the guy would stop winking, and if he has a twitch, my bad playa... my bad.I got the pork katsu with the burger buns and my co workers got different plates. Of course none of us were ever able to finish our plate, and it was delicious.  I just wish that Hash House A Go Go would've thought twice about their locations in vegas.
4	Went to Hash House on the recommendation of a friend and it didn't disappoint. The wait for four was about 30 minutes on a Mother's Day Sunday. But after getting and seeing the food others are eating, you start to salivate, anticipating what you're going to order.Be afraid of the portions, because they are LARGE. You may notice that their plates are more like serving platters and their portions fill each plate (platter).I had one of their scrambles and it was the smallest plate. Their BBBLT sandwich may contain a 1/2 lb. of bacon and the bread is at least 1-1/4" thick! If you order the french toast, you'll get two large pieces of tasty delight and the fried chicken is very very moist but keeping the skin crunchy.Prices range in the $15 - $20 range, but are large (LARGE) enough to share... unless you are the UNLV football team. We went to the location in the Imperial Palace. It was a great location and the wait wasn't too bad, but I hear the locations NOT on the strip are a bit less crowded.
2	Adam led me on! (Man VS Food) I knew it was too good to be true. The taste was so-so, but to say nonetheless, the portions are indeed very big! But you sort of have to build your breakfast. The pancakes don't really come with anything. So, it adds up.Unfortunately, our server was still half asleep and very cranky while serving us and made the experience pretty unpleasant. I've heard through the grape vine that "the other" location is much better. Unfortunately my time spent in Vegas was short and I did not make it there.There are other locations in San Diego that I am willing to give it another shot... I'm hoping for a better experience.
4	So it seems that people are totally split on HHAGG at IP.  They either had a horrible experience with bad service and/or bland food or they had a great experience.  I'm happy to say that ours was the latter.We got there about 7 AM, the place was almost deserted and we were seated immediately.  Just after we were seated the server came over, took our order for coffee, water and a large (fresh & tasty) tangerine juice.  When she returned several minutes later with our bevs, she asked if we still needed time to decide, which we did. When she came back we still didn't know what we wanted so she gave us a few suggestions and told us her favs as well.  We like servers who tell you THEIR favs, not just what "other" people like or a list of just about everything on the menu.  After several suggestions she sold us on the Sage Chicken Benedict and a side of fruit.  For those of you who had bland food at HHAGG, I'm so sorry! =(  Ours was anything but.  From the bottom up here's how the Benedict went:Biscuits: Soft, warm and fluffyMashed potatoes: half hash brown, half mashed, griddled with a nice browned crispinessEggs: not over done, not underdone, just rightSmoked bacon: everything bacon should be; salty, thick and smoky Spinach and tomato: A good offset to the heaviness of the dish sage fried chicken: holy yummers!!!  Ours wasn't bland at all; it was sage-y & succulent Griddled cheese: a crisp & tangy blanket of heavenChipotle cream benedict sauce: the perfect rich and zesty topping to a decadent breakfastOh and the fruit...it was called a small side but it had 2 thick slices of cantaloupe, 4 thick wedges of pineapple, 4 -6 strawberries, several orange slices.  It was ripe and tasty, no sub-par "garnish-grade" fruit here; and just $3.95
5	This place rocks!!! Talk about a hearty meal with all the flavors!! Usually when you find a restaurant that serves large portions, the taste is compromised... but not Hash House A Go Go!!! We ordered the Sage Benedict which is featured on Man vs Food! It was incredible. We of course had to split it because the portion was large enough to feed an army! The only thing I cant's stand is when restaurants charge a split plate fee. I don't understand why they do this. They aren't wasting anymore food on you or are you costing them anymore money. It doesn't make sense and Hash House A Go Go charges you for splitting. Annoying!But overall the mean was AMAZING!!!!!
5	Best Breakfast I've had in Las Vegas...Huge portions !!! It can feed 3 people easy! Sage Chicken Eggs Benedict-- awesome!! huge pancakes and they are good too... The service is great!  Very friendly staff!  Would love to came back here again!
1	This place is overated! Food was bland and it's a big plate with food spread out to make it look like you are getting a lot. Had the fried chicken and it was cold to say after a long wait, I wasted my money and time here. If you are short on money and time don't go here, go someplace else! Servers are nice but they didn't cook the food so I still tipped her well.
4	We went to Hash House on the recommendation of friends who had just gone to one outside of Vegas.  What a treat!I got the Chicken and Waffles, which was gloriously yummy.  The chicken was fried with sage in the batter, which added a nice element.  The waffles were made with bacon in the middle, for a nice surprise when putting together a chicken/waffle/bacon bite.We also tried one of their stuffed burgers, which was good (not great, this could have been influenced by our experience at Le Burger Brassiere with the $77 burger, see my other review). Both portions were huge, I don't know anyone who could finish a portion.  However, I can say that their drinks were wonderful.  They had a great Bloody Mary (nice and spicy) along with some special wine spritzer type drinks that were light and refreshing.Our server was great, very attentive and efficient (even when the kitchen made a minor mistaked on our burger order).
4	I've never been to the one off the strip or Socal, but when I heard they opened up at Imperial Palace, I had to go try it out.Sage chicken and waffles. Loved it!Juicy chicken, waffles, drenched in syrup. What's not to love??Plated so beautifully too!Service was ok. Could get kind of forgetful when they're busy. Wait is not too long if you come at the right time.Must try others when I return! Good times.
4	i'm still trying to work off my FUPA from eating all that goodness.Sage chicken- ok but bland... where's the sage?meatloaf hash- HEAVEN in a skillet pansalmon hash- pretty yummy if you like salmon banana pancakes- food orgasm
3	We arrived at around 10am on a Sunday morning...walked right in and we were seated immediately...just in time because a crowd started to form as we placing our order.  We had the chicken and waffles, banana pancakes and one of the girls ordered the eggs benedict (you couldn't tell what it was - i couldn't see the eggs because whatever was on top of it all was massive).  The chicken had these spears of rosemary(?) on top or was it sage, I couldn't tell, really.  I thought the chicken was lacking some flavor and slightly leaning on the dry side.  The waffles were OK, but I did like the idea of having strips of bacon in the waffles...pour the syrup and it's all downhill from there.  Banana pancakes were not bad, but not great either.  It just seemed like a regular pancake mix with some bananas mixed in...not really impressed. My friend barely made a dent in the eggs benedict - way too much food.  She said it was OK and didn't rave the way she would had it been out of this world delish.Our server was great (when he was around) and the wait for a our food was a little long...there was only 1 waffle maker working?  For the entire restaurant...what??  We weren't in a huge rush, but by the time we got our food, I was already dreaming of lunch.I need to try this place in San Diego - is there a possibility that it could be better?
4	What a great place, went there after reading reviews on Yelp and seeing it on Man vs. Food.  Adam went for the Sage Fried Chicken Waffles and so did someone in our party. We went there with eleven (11) people over the Memorial Day weekend, it's located in the shabby Imperial Palace hotel full of smoke on the first floor, but when you go up to the second floor where it's located, it's not that bad. There are definitely some folks that should not be eating at a place like this, but who am I to judge. We waited about 45 minutes even though they said it would be 30....I think the key here is to come in the early afternoon instead of at peak times around 10-11 AM. The food was served on serving platters instead of plates, yes it was that big. Check out some of the photos.  We ordered everything from the Sage Fried Chicken Waffles to the Salmon Sandwich and Meatloaf special.  I would say the meatloaf and the sage fried chicken dishes were the best. Service can be hit or miss, but they kept the coffee and the water flowing so we didn't dehydrate and had liquid to keep things washed down. Overall a great place to eat and you get through it with drinks for about $20 a person, this is a better experience than eating at a breakfast buffet for the same price.
3	After the Cher concert we walked over to the Imperial Palace starving and decided to try this place out:First off, the service in a word - Sucked!! There were no smiles well of course if you count the 17yr old bus boy flirting with me... It took forever for our waitress to take our order and just as long for her to bring us our drinks. For about 8 minutes there were actually no employees to be seen out on the floor, all us customers were just looking around hoping an employee appears...The place is alot smaller than what I thought it would be, anyhow  we thought the food was good. On the table was the cheeseburger,chicken sandwich,grilled chicken breast over mashed potatoes, polenta & w/grilled carrots (I LOVE CARROTS!!!), and the crab cakes with potatoes & veggies. STUFFED seems to be the trend in this restaurant cause thats what we were. I didn't care for the biscuits everyone seems to love....I like dinner rolls better than biscuits anyways...All in all I would try this place again most likely in the other location and I will only go if I am terribly hungry....
3	I don't know if it's because this place is newer than the older LV location, and not polished yet but execution was poor...I had the Sage Chicken Benny, or thought I did... the first time they brought it out without the chicken... presentation was nice and flavors were great.My friend, had a egg dish and asked for whites... but they messed that one up too...My other friend had the banana and brown sugar pancake, and it was marvelous! You don't even need the syrup!The food was awesome overall.The biscuits were crunchy on the outside and soft on the inside. My friend noticed a little metal jar, next to the sugar, salt and pepper shakers, and discovered a wonderful blackberry chutney (jam) and it accompanied the biscuit wonderfully! Would've been nice if the waitress mentioned it...The mashed potatos with skin were great as well, perfectly seasoned, we didn't have to add anything to it.The sage chicken is OMG good, although I would probably go with the chicken and waffles next time, cause I think the sauce on the benny, although good, was overwhelming... maybe if they used half the amount, I would've ate the whole thing.The amount of food they give you is like "hungry man" portions, and value, is well worth every penny! The only other complaint I have, other than the miscommunication between the order and chef was the feel of being hurried in a sense...The portions are huge, so the group had about half of their dish left. Every 3 mins, it seemed one staff member or another lliked to come by and ask if we were done... let me tell, I was chewing my food still!!! also instead of asking us, if we wanted to-go boxes, they just took it away, when we said we were done... Now, perhaps it was our fault that we didnt say anything, but I thought it would've been courteous and nice to have been asked...So, I would give this place 5 stars for the food, when they get it right, and minus 2 stars when they are off, and in this visit they were off.
4	We have a HHAGG in San Diego, but we were starving and didn't want to tear ourselves away from the black jack tables. We split a corn beef hash with poached eggs and the snickers pancake. The pancake was humongous! we couldn't even eat a quarter of it after devouring the cornbeef hash. Everything was good. Service was a little slow- it took 15 minutes to get our check. This is probably the best part of the IP.
3	Easily a 4 star restaurant and experience.... if we didn't get a sucky waitress!!!Ughhh, my friends and I were so hyphed to try this place because I had it bookmarked and the portions are HUGE.  After finding the secret elevator to the restaurant, we walked in on a friday afternoon and it wasn't too busy.  Most of the tables were filled but we were seated right away.  Knowing that this was our first time, I didn't mind having a little extra time for us all to look over the menu.  However, can you explain to me why it took 15 minutes for our waitress to come?! I had to speak to the hostess and tell her to go get someone.  The hostess returned a few minutes later to take our drink orders because our waitress apparently told her to and then she left.  A few minutes after that, here comes our waitress to take our drink orders. Ummmm, yea the hostess just did that. "Yea, she told me you guys ordered alcoholic drinks so I have to take the orders." OR, you could've just did that to begin with! Now I really need my drink.....We also gave her our food order because we were starving and were not about to wait another 15 minutes to come back with our drinks and then take our food orders.  Looking around the restaurant I noticed that every other table was being helped by their waiters/waitresses in a timely matter so it could'nt have been that they were swamped. "Dang why couldn't we have had one of them?" we all thought.  Three of us decided to share the open faced pot pie and the chicken and waffles.  We knew the food would be ginormous (shoot it was $15 a plate!).  Our other friend got some chicken dish, which I can't remember the name but I suuuure got a picture of it!  Finally, we get our food and the plates were massive! I couldn't wait to dig in....Ohhh the pot pie was soooo good!  I like how it had mashed potatoes hidden behind the crust to try with the filling.  The chicken and waffles were also good, as good as Roscoe's!  All I needed was some hot sauce.  These waffles had bacon baked in them! Ohhh let me unbutton my pants and dig in.  Wait!  We need plates to share these massive meals and some extra syrup.  We managed to let the waitress know before she left. ...::looks around for waitress after 10 minutes::... "really?! really?! she just goes M.I.A!!"  We flagged down a bus boy to grab us some plates and syrup and it was no problem for him. A few miutes later, he came back with everything.  10 minutes after he did, so did our waitress.  "What is wrong with you woman?!?!"I swear, we had to have other people pick up her slack and she had the nerve to blame someone else when we asked HER to bring sometthing and she then realized waaay later, we didn't have it.  Our meal was $70 and she only got a $3 tip.I wouldn't mind going back to Hash House, actually we all wouldn't.  But we're putting the brakes on that waitress if we get stuck with her again.
1	I really tried to like this place. I really did. I'm a big Man vs. Food fan, so I was pretty excited the first time I came here.First visit:I ordered the famous sage chicken and waffles - Chicken was overcooked and dry. The dish didn't really have that much flavor, and the waffle was terrible. Imagine dry teriyaki chicken w/ waffles. Grade : DThe girl ordered the meat loaf hash - The meat loaf was so bad that we thought it was tofu. The potatoes were burned. It wasn't pleasant. Grade  : F-I figured the chef was having a bad day so I gave them another chance...Second visit :I ordered HH Original Benedict - Mysterious cheese-flavored gravy over two eggs, bacon, and biscuit. The gravy ruined the dish, it was like movie theater nacho cheese mixed with country gravy. Yuk. Grade : FThe girl ordered some Tractor man combo with a ginormous blueberry pecan pancake - It really sucked. The pancake was big, but too dense. The blueberries + pecans + pancake didn't really go well together . Grade : FThe Mom had the Sage Chicken Benedict - She didn't really have much to say except "This is a horrifying experience."'Nuff said.
3	These are the biggest portions of food I've ever seen in my life.  I saw an episode of Man vs Food and while I was in Vegas, I figured this was a great spot to go to. The wait wasn't too bad, around 15 minutes or so.I believe I got the truck driver sepcial.  They gave me one of the biggest pancakes ever.  I only ate a little more than half of the pancake and I was already out of it.  The sausages were quite good and the scrambled eggs were soft.I would give this place 5 stars, but the food is only spectacular because of the portions.  I honestly would get a take home box, but I don't want to hold that stuff around Vegas.I'll try to the sage fried chicken from Man vs Food next time.  My friend got it and he said it was awesome.  Maybe it might change my rating.
5	This is my new favorite breakfast place. Too bad it's all the way in Vegas...I had the chocolate chip pancakes with scrambled eggs.  I didn't know that they pancakes would be so big, so when I ordered it, I asked how many it came with (to make sure it was enough for me). The waiter said an order came with 1 pancake, and I kind of made a face. He laughed and said they were really big.  That was an understatement!  The pancakes are HUGE!!!  They're probably over a foot in diameter.  The chef is not stingy on the chocolate chips either. It was the best pancake I've ever had.  My boyfriend got the banana pancake, that was AMAZING too.  I will definitely be going back every time I make a visit to Vegas!
4	Wsup Jerome! Like my friend said, these portions are something else as it emobodies the reputation of a Man V. Food venue. The service was whatevers but maybe it was because the gratuity was already included for our large party. Regardless, if I'm going to be spending in the price range of $12-15 anyways it might as well be something that'll keep me happy.My gf and I shared the Saged Fried Chicken (Man V. Food pick) and it was awesome. We didn't mention that we were sharing because they charge an additonal $2.50 plating free so she just said she wasn't eating anything and we just split the dish without an additional plate. The fried chicken was  with a combination of biscuits, bacon, scrambled eggs, spinach, and cheese all in between. This dish was huge and lived up the the Man V. Food recommendation... I don't think I would've bene able to finish this on my own! The Sage Fried Chicken really did hit the spot and I would go back specifically for it. The food definitely made up for the mediocre service.
3	Biggest pancake ever! And totally delicious. I had the blueberry pecan pancake and I could totally go for another one any day. For some reason, I was expecting sort of a greasy-spoon diner type place, but I was pleasantly surprised that it was a cute, clean, fresh food place. My only complaint is that some of the menu items were too complicated (I'm kind of picky). One of my friends had biscuits and gravy and the whole plate was smothered in gravy, even on top of his eggs. It was kind of strange.It was a great place for breakfast and it was pretty empty on a Sunday at 7:30am :)
3	Man crushes. Guys have them. No man is immune to them. No matter how he likes to boast how hetero he is and that having man crushes aren't very manly. Odds are that he's a closet man-crusher. Man crushing does not entail an intimate coital relationship. These are just guys that you may want to go to a bar with and throw down some brews and play darts (not the of the butt variety). The focal point of said man crushes can be athletes, actors, comedians, office jerk, gynecologists.... To bring me closer to one of my man crushes (yes I'm not scared to say I have several....it's liberating), I decided to visit one of the places I've seen on a show I loosely base my life on. Man vs. Food (Adam Richaman). When I found out that I didn't have to drive off the Vegas strip in order to visit it's sister location, my heart skipped a beat and I'm pretty sure I behaved like a teenage girl about to come into close quarters with Justin Timberlake (wet). I went with the sage fried chicken and waffles. The chicken was void of any sage flavor. I don't even know what sage is supposed to taste like, but I'm sure this chicken was void of it. It was bland, but, I will admit, it was the best cooked fried chicken I've ever had. Crunchy batter and all moist and sh^t inside. Nothing that a little bit of salt and hot sauce didn't help. The waffles were dense. They'd give Rush Limbaugh a run for his money. And much like Rush, there was bacon inside of the waffles. There's enough food on the plate to feed everyone on the blackjack table. It's inside the Imperial Palace casino on the second floor. So if you're a cocksucker that likes to pretend to have more money than your Anchor Blue jeans is letting on to me and only like to be seen in Aria or Bellagio, stay out dickhead. Us regular people have more fun anyways.Before I call it a week, here's a small sample list of men you can gush over and man crush on.  Also a list of men you need to hate.Yes:Chuck NorrisSteven SegalJason StathamRyan ReynaldsJo KoyBJ PennNo:Dr. PhilBill O'ReillyMichael MooreJa RuleKany WestOprah
5	If you are in Vegas and don't make it a point to eat here then shame on you. This is a must place to eat while visiting Las Vegas and especially if you have an appetite for some very LARGE portions of food or looking for an economical way, since you have lost your a** gambling, to split a meal this is your place.We have eaten at the location in San Diego and this location did NOT disappoint. I ordered the Pork Tenderloin sandwich which literally is at least 4 to 5 inches outside of the bun with fries. My wife ordered the Chicken sandwich which measure about 8 inches high. It is a crusted chicken breast smothered between two huge garlic cheese toast slices. For a side dish (which is included) we ordered the smothered mash potatoes, OMG are they good. They are a meal by themselves. The service matches the high quality of the food which makes the entire dining experience a perfect 5 stars. Needless to say we are still eating the leftovers today. Do yourself a favor, don't get sucked into all the crappy food all over the strip, take my word for it, this place is the best. Enjoy!!!
5	Food makes me happy. Good food makes me giddy! Hash House a Go Go makes me happy giddy, jump on tables, bonkers!The portions are ridonculously humongous! I suggest sharing, but be wary of the split plate charge ($2.95). Just have the other person order a side of bacon, which'll cost you the same thing anyway. I've never had anything but their breakfast items here: pancakes, scrambles, hash, chicken & waffles. I heard there's another side to the menu that consists of lunch items...sandwiches n'stuff, but really...why would you wanna do that?!? Hash House A Go Go...I think I love you more than bacon.
2	Maybe it was the hype, maybe it was the alcohol, but this place sure didnt meet my expectations. With the hype on Man vs Food and being insanely hungry, I was looking forward to trying out this establishment.I ordered the Sage's Fried Chicken which comes with two eggs, mash potatoes and a biscuit. First off, the portions are HUGE. I would recommend sharing for sure but they have a split plate charge of $3 so i recommend ordering a side of something.  The fried chicken was forgettable. It was dry, bland and had no flavor at all. I ended up using ketchup and tabasco on the chicken to eat it. It was quite greasy and the batter was sweet? Probably some maple in the batter but i didn't care for it. If there was some salt, then maybe. It was too late by the time it got to the table to add salt since it wouldn stick to the crust.  Potatoes were decent cause it had bits and pieces of bacon in it. Biscuit was soft and decent. Best part of the dish?  Fresh melon and pineapplesorry hash house, it was all hype to me.
2	Originally I wanted to give this place 3 stars, but after I thought it over, it's at best 2.5 stars.  But since there is no 1/2 star, based on the experience, I rounded it down to 2. We had to wait for a good 15 minutes even though there were empty tables and despite I was told that we would be first on the list since I was a diamond card holder.  Their reason - to give the servers time to catch up.  Huh?We were seated at a booth and it took awhile before our server finally came.  We ordered and then we waited, and waited, and waited!!!  Our server apologized twice for the delay of our food and took our drinks off the bill.  Even she didn't understand why the delay and said 'This is ridiculous!'.  When we finally got the food.  Holy Jesus!  They were HUGE!!!  Had I known how much the food was going to be, we could have shared 1 entree!I had the Sage Friend Chicken Salad with Mango Vinaigrette Dressing - http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/f4x1YBxkLrZg652xt2KR5g?select=RdfzlSuVWa3eLeZnlGumyw.  It was a WHOLE piece of friend chicken breast which didn't have much flavor at all.  I asked for some ranch dressing (all they had was cucumber ranch dressing) to dip the chicken with.  I quite like the Mango Vinaigrette Dressing but there was just so much food.  I kept eating and eating but there was still mounts of food.  I finally gave up and probably only ate 1/5 of the plate!  I think sometimes where the portion is so big, it actually ruins your appetite!My fiance had a bacon burger - http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/f4x1YBxkLrZg652xt2KR5g?select=FcGwvwVxr1GdWl653lcnHA.  He said the patties were dry and didn't have much flavor, but fries were good.  I also ordered a lemonade ice tea that was just bad!  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/f4x1YBxkLrZg652xt2KR5g?select=IC67vw3HBWwLHf2O0wadcA Stick with regular iced.  I had a coupon (I know, I know, here I go with the coupon again) for $25, our bill was less than $27 (since the drinks were comp'ed).  I only had to pay less than $2 (exclude tips).  I gave her extra tips since she was nice enough to comp our drinks.The only way I'd return is if I can eat free (or almost free like this).  With my own money, I'd rather go somewhere with better food!
3	I first heard about this place on Man vs. Food (big shock). I didn't realize that there were two locations- the one on Sahara, where MvF was taped, and this on, inside Imperial Palace. We were within walking distance of this one.We made our way through the Reno-esque Imperial Palace casino, went up the escalator, and arrived at a near-empty restaurant on a Friday night. We were seated immediately. I ordered the chicken and waffles. It was huge, and the waffles had whole strips of bacon in it. Yes, whole strips! Sadly, those were the highlights. The chicken didn't have much seasoning, unless you count the rosemary skewer that held everything together. Rosemary's a really strong herb, and I tasted it in every bite. I wasn't crazy about the reduction, either.My husband had a fried chicken breast with mashed potatoes. Frankly, I liked his food more.The service was great, and the waffles made great leftovers the next day. But otherwise, I left kinda disappointed. I wouldn't rule out coming back here when I'm in Las Vegas again, but I'll order something else.
5	Ok seriously...the Bacon/Mashed potatoe burger makes my mouth water everytime I think of it.  The staff cracks me up too. The Imperial Palace needed a restaurant like this!
4	Oh man, who would've thought this kick ass resto was in such a old school hotel?  After several trips over the years to Vegas, it was my first time stepping into the Imperial Palace and kinda glad I did.Decided to have breakfast here on Saturday and arrived at around 12:30pm.  There were a ton of people ahead of us and the wait was like 30-minutes but we decided to stick it out.We had enough time waiting that we looked through the menu and knew what to order.  The s/o was ordered the Chicken & Waffles and I had the Chorizo Hash.  Fast forward 10-15 minutes...They bring out the plates and God have mercy, the s/o's C&W was huge!  I would've helped eat it but it came with two, yup, two breasts and I don't like white meat.  The s/o liked it and said the chicken was flavorful.  My Chorizo Hash was terribly good and spicy.  It had tons of jalapenos on it which radiated it's spiciness.  The potatoes were cooked perfectly and delicious, geez, even my eggs were delicious!  I didn't care too much for the biscuit though, it was a little dry.Our server, Marcelino I think his name was, he was super attentive and friendly.  He anticipated what we needed right when we're about to ask for it.  The entire staff was friendly and seemed to help each other out, even the manager refilled our drinks, way to go team!HHAGG is definitely a must try when you're in Vegas!
2	Good breakfast.  But, probably will not return.
5	The Breakfast/Brunch scene I guess is kind of a big deal here in L.A...In Vegas, its non existent. SInce I could not find a place with a "scene" I would have to settle for which place has the best food..THIS PLACE IS HANDS DOWN THE BEST!!! The Sage Fried Chicken Benedict with a Bananna Brown Sugar Pancake is what I and and HOT DAMN I was in heaven! Make sure you share your plate though..I can almost guarantee you will not even finish half of it!!
5	While their menu has tons of options it is all about their Sage Fried Chicken Benedict! If you really want to try something else, trick your friends into ordering other dishes, you order the benedict, and offer to "share." Sure, everyone will sample each other's dishes, but YOU will be the one one enjoying the best dish in Vegas. Ha Ha!!
4	I generally make it a point to avoid the Strip but it was 9:30 pm and I was tired of standard diner fare and sushi.  Ok, so the trip to Imperial Palace, parking in a structure, and walking through a casino blew as much as I expected it to, wasting time and energy (why I don't frequent the Strip) but it probably was only as bad as driving to the other side of town from campus to the other hash house.  I was seated immediately by the hostess.  Unfortunately, that was the quickest part of the service, and I had to wait forever for the server to take my order and bring a drink out which was fine since I was not in a rush but was a little irritating since I was hungry.  That's when things started to get better.Tangerine juice!  I can't believe somebody juiced it! It's like orange juice with a zing at the end.  For the entree, I had the sage fried chicken benedict which was ridiculously delicious.  Fried chicken breast, scrambled eggs, bacon, potatoes, and tomatoey cream sauce with a hint of sage made for a wicked combo.  It was both scrumptious and tasty, and I would say the best plate of food I've had in Vegas besides going to some signature chef place.  And it was huge!!  I barely touched the biscuits-I was too stuffed.
3	Saw this place on Man vs. Food and decided to give it a try. Everything is of MASSIVE proportions... so share with someone! I don't think I saw anyone finish a dish on their own. I had the sage fried chicken benedict. The chicken was definitely tasty and I think the best part about the whole dish. Otherwise, it was a gluttonous pile of potatoes, biscuit, and sauce (I could've done with less sauce for sure). The bad part of my experience? The place is popular, so we waited about 45min to get seated. That wasn't so bad since we were expecting the place to be packed. We already knew what we wanted so we ordered right away. 45 minutes later.... nothing. We read reviews saying it took a while to make stuff, but after a while we started getting suspicious... and then we watched several parties that were seated well after us get their food before us. When we finally caught the eye of our server and asked about our food, she went to check on it. The food came out a few minutes later. Explanation? Something like "perfection takes time." I don't think so. Not after we watched multiple parties that came in after us get their massive platters of food while we waited.So kitchens lose orders sometimes... but I think our server should've noticed and checked on it if it was taking longer than usual.The food was pretty good in a "bad for you" kind of way, but the service kind of dampened the experience for me. If I return, I'll hope that they don't lose my order again.
4	Hash House A Go Go...one of the best values on the Strip! Speaking of which, to my surprise there was a HHAGG Location inthe Imperial Palace!!! I was pumped when I found out, cause I was staying next store at the Flamingo! So, speaking of the Imperial Palace, I would never step foot in this place if it wasn't for the HHAGG. I didn't know what to expect when I heard the restaurant was in this hotel. But........ Boy was I surprised! HHAGG was a Gem in the hotel. What a awesome job with the restaurant! Very pleased. Important!!! Please READ! Breakfast from like 830 am-11am was rocking! Anywhere from 30min to an hour wait! We stopped back around 11:30/11:45 and we were seated right away and I was able to get breakfast food still (limited menu) I ended up getting the The Tractor Driver Combo Two Eggs w/ bacon sausage or potatoes with 1 HH signature flapjack. Make it a waffle or french toast for a buck. $13.95 Ame some value!! I will be back again!
3	Sage fried chicken and BACON waffles!  BF had the corned beef hash.  The portions here are HUGE.  I didn't even get through half of mine.This rating isn't for the food -- would've given it more stars if the service hadn't been ridiculously slow.  It took a good 5+ minutes after we were seated before out server even acknowledged us, 10-15 minutes for drinks to arrive, and another 30+ minutes before the food actually got to the table.  It wasn't even very crowded when we went (after 1pm on a Saturday).
4	We were warned about the portion sizes but even a stern warning doesn't brace you for the piles of food that is about to be dropped in front of you.  If you're anything less than a binge eater I suggest splitting meals.  The food is surprisingly good.  Usually portion size is an inverse indicator of food quality but at HH, the food is good!  I had the chicken and biscuits while my friends had a burger (a full pound of beef!) and the other had a breakfast plate with a pancake the size of a car tire.  All of us thought our food was good.If you're in Vegas, this is certainly a place to check out!
5	Ate here several times on the trip.  Not sure if the off-strip location is better, but who cares because this one was delicious.  Portions are huge, it's not expensive, and it's like this little oasis inside of the rusty sinking Titanic of the Imperial Palace.I've been back for a week and I already miss the food.
4	This is a great place to eat on the strip.  You are definitely getting your money's worth with the portions of food.  In fact, if I was in Vegas and low on cash and needed food, I would go here because you could easily get three or four meals out of your own entree.My friend and I split the sage fried chicken bennedict and we did really well, but still had a ton left over (I saw it on Man. Vs. Food).  There's a $2 fee to split a dish, but our server told us right away about it and then said that if we ordered a side dish, we could wave the split charge.  So, we got the au gratin potatoes and were very happy with the decision.  It was like a tower of goodness-- but maybe too much for some people.  My husband got the French Toast and I think he got a half a loaf of bread!  It was delicious!  But, the syrup was already on it, so I guess if you want more syrup, you would have to ask.Every entree we saw at the restaurant was huge.  Their burgers could feed a family of four.  Literally.   Every entree could feed at least two people.  The service is good, nothing amazing, but nothing horrible so don't worry about that.  The atmosphere is good as well.  We went to the one inside the Imperial Palace-- it's close to the entrance overall, so you won't have to wander around a maze for half and hour trying to find it.
4	What is there to say about HAGG that hasn't already been said. big portions, reasonably priced, wonderfully arranged, Bags-o-bud, Etc.what surprised me most about this place is that they didn't have beds or at least a futon for a nap after your done. I think i even saw The Luther Burger on the menu....
3	I dunno. I want to love this place, I do. I love the concept, the atmosphere, the GINORMOUS portions and even the staff was super friendly! But, I dunno, really, all it comes down to is the food. And it was just meh for me.I got the fried sage chicken with mashed potatoes, eggs, biscuits. The food wasn't hot, it was lukewarm, a turn off already. The biscuits were good but not anything I couldn't have gotten from KFC. Mashed potatoes were meh, whatever. And the chicken was just meh too, neither crispy nor soggy - a weird in between and flavor wasn't bland it was just again, whatever.I also got the pistachio mocha, which at first tasted soooo bitter!!! But once I stirred everything together it was quite delightful and had a hint of pistachio flavor, which I loved especially cause I'd never had anything like it. Price: APotion: A+Service: AAtmosphere: BTaste: B-/ C
3	We decided to have a late breakfast here since it was across the street from our hotel.  I had already been to the one in San Diego, so I knew to expect huge portions.  My friends wanted to check it out to see what all the hype was about.I went with the corned beef hash, some people got the Hardwood smoked bacon, avocado, onion & Swiss farm scramble, and one person decided to tackle the ginormous Andy's Sage Fried Chicken Benedict.  My dish was pretty good.  It had just the right amount of corned beef, potatoes and scrambled eggs.  I've had the Sage Fried Chicken before, and that was way too much food for one person.  You will pretty much lapse into a food coma right after you eat it.  That is definitely a dish two people can share.The restaurant was pretty busy, and it took forever for us to order and get our food.  I felt like we spent more time waiting than eating.  If it wasn't for the slow service, I would've given it 4 stars.
3	I know, I know, I just could't resist coupons!  Harrahs' sent me a $25 food voucher, so I decided to give this another try.  Didn't have to wait at all, so it was a plus.  We also got a really good waitress so she made the experience much better.Knowing how big the portion is, I opted for something lighter.  I can't find it on the menu that is on the website, but it's Beef Tenderloin with  Palenta covered in Mozzarella Cheese and Roasted Tomato http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/f4x1YBxkLrZg652xt2KR5g?select=gP8_Emk2LPdvpEmLVGSqaA.  The beef was soooo tender!  I really liked it, but I also thought the whole dish was a little bland.  My fiance had the Kokomo which is basically a Meatloaf Sandwich http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/f4x1YBxkLrZg652xt2KR5g?select=87lsM6fEJc1VsK_o_UBofg based on the server's recommendation.  He liked it but also thought it needed more seasoning.  While we were waiting, our server gave us a couple of honey butter bisque's which were pretty good http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/f4x1YBxkLrZg652xt2KR5g?select=Bm7i5Sbl94SpDgemGgQ6qQ.  If you like big portion, this place is for you.  You can also go economical by sharing an entree and order another small side dish.  I'm glad I found something I enjoyed here so I could use the food voucher in the future again.
5	OMG ! This place is out of control. The food excellent, the service awesome, and location ? Well let's just say I walked past it before being redirected by a friendly security guard who politely told me to turn around and look up at the sign on the ceiling. Okay it was a long night at the TI beforehand. Overall this place is great. Now I know there is one in San Diego, we'll be there. Next time we will share plates due to the outrageous portions on their platters. That's right, not plates but platters. I had my favorite biscuits and gravy with eggs and mashed potatoes, enough to feed a small army. Others in our party had pancakes, of which they offer several different kinds from classic buttermilk to snickers bar, and the Andy Sage's fried chicken plate. Not a complaint in the group of ten, except not being able to finish. Can't say enough except bring a group to share with and a huge appetite.
4	Chicken and Waffles..better  come with a B I G appetite cause the portions are HUGE..best one i had so far...but ne thing was since they sat us all the way in the back seemed like they almost forgt about us being there...8P
4	First off let me say I love Hash House a Go Go!  On a mini vacation to San Diego we decided to try this place. I loved it, we all did (friends, hubby).  Now originally we did not have planned to eat here on our trip to Vegas.  I wanted to order room service for breakfast on Sunday morning but then lo and behold a commercial comes on advertising Hash's awesome ginourmous pancakes!! We said we gotta have that so scratch relaxing breakfast in comfy bed and off we go.This Hash House is located in the Imperial Palace Hotel, which is really hard to find parking in.  So we finally park and find ourselves finally in the hotel and start looking for the place.  We went around in circles, probably like 4 times.  Kept seeing the advertisement for Hash but no clear directions to the restaurant. Finally we decide to walk through the Casino, I ask one of the workers where it is, she isn't very friendly but tells me some general directions through her teeth, which in the end didn't even help us! GRRRAnywho, we go up the wrong escalator go back down and then i see a sign that sees go to the middle of the casino, so there we go and we finally go up the escalator and make it to our destination...YAY!! I was hungry!There is a wait, but it wasn't too long.  We finally sit down, get some drinks.  I was a bit disappointed because i ordered a champagne super nova and like ten minutes later they tell me sorry no fresh mint.. so I go for coffee. We order, we eat, and we chill.  The food was great,  the service was a bit slow but they were pretty busy. All in all it was a good experience but next time I will go to the one on Sahara.
5	Awesome presentation!HUGE portions!Great little gem hidden in the Imperial PalaceThe hubby had the pork tenderloin. Loved it, cripsy and a little sweet on the outside. Practically a family sized portion.I ordered the HH Benedict. Really good but the biscuit in between was not necessary. Mash potatoes under it all were excellent. I'm a big fan of bacon waffels but theirs seemed a bit heavy and I was looking real bacon bits, not a whole bacon in between.
5	Went here in may for my birthday. Waited maybe 5 minutes to be seated. I got the chicken and waffles and my girl got the standard bacon and eggs. We both also had some caramel espresso drink that was awesome and huge. Our server was nice but kind of inattentive. It took about 25-30 minutes to get our food but it was well worth the wait. The portions at this place are INSANE. you can easily split one meal between 2 or 3 people. We probably would have only ordered one meal if we had known but it was our first time. The bacon and eggs my girl ordered were great. She ate maybe 15% of the food they gave her. The chicken and waffles were amazing. Crispy chicken that was flavorful and juicy on the inside. The waffles were light and fluffy and to top it off there was bacon cooked in the middle! My inky complaint would be that there wasn't enough syrup lol. We left ridiculously full and happy. I'd recommend this place to anyone looking for a huge meal that tastes amazing but won't break the bank(in Vegas at least. Lol). I'll definitely be back next time I'm in sin city!I can only hope that they open one here in Portland!
1	I had some friends staying at the Imperial Palace -- my mom and I had enjoyed a day at the Caesar's Palace Spa and were hungry.  I talked up the Hash House.This one is a far cry from the Sahara location.  The managers were unfriendly, and our server Jennifer was seemingly overwhelmed by too many tables.  My mom and I ordered a cobb salad (without the meat). I think it took 30 minutes to get it.  It was insane!  My mom was ready to walk out.  Needless to say, we ate the cobb salad because we were hungry, not because we thought it was any good. (Order the dressing on the side).
3	This place probably wouldn't do so well if it weren't featured on Man vs. Food.Right off the bat, the hostess was a RUDE a$$ bitch.  When we finally were seated at our table after about an hour's wait, the server just handed us our menu and asked us what our order was.  His attitude was short, rude, and unhelpful.  The music was playing way too loudly and we have to scream at eat other across the table to hear ourselves while servers and bus boys danced and fist pumped around the restaurant.The Sage Fried Chicken was ok.  It was a HUGE brunch portion - enough for maybe 3 girls.  The food came out fast and fresh, but it didn't taste any more special than if we went to a normal breakfast place down the street and ordered the same thing.  The food presentation was nice, but all that food piled up on one huge plate might have just been astonishing..The brown sugar banana pancakes were yummy, and again the portion was enormous! It could probably feed a family of 4 or a linebacker.  I've never tasted a pancake like this before so this is a must.  The chewy / crunchy caramelly rim of the pancake was just plain GOOD.You're paying for a long wait, rude service, ok food, but if you're curious to see for yourself because you saw the episode on Man vs. food, then go right ahead.  Just don't expect to be wowed.
5	What!!!!!! Awesome, great tasting food. This wonderful place really needs to be in one of the swankier casinos, but kind of feels right in the IP. The portions are absolutely gigantic. We came to this place because we saw it on Man vs. Food. Adam was right; this place is cool, not overpriced like a lot of LV, and YUMMY. We ordered the sage fried chicken and waffles, mash potatoes w/ bacon and cheddar, and a salad. It was too much food for 2 people. The chicken and waffles were so good, and full of flavor. And bacon cooked right in the waffle!!!  It was totally what my bf and I were craving. The potatoes could have been an entree alone. They were covered with cheesy goodness and everything is good with bacon. The salad was great as well, but not really needed since we ordered so much food.
5	Great food. Good service. Not even too expensive considering the portions. Meatloaf and chicken Benedict are delicious.  Don't need a side dish since there is so much food.
4	The food is awesome! All five of my friends and I ordered the sage chicken and when the food hit our table there was that magical moment of silence. When you know the food is good because nobody wants to talk to each other cuz the food is just too good. Bad part though was that it toOK FOREVER like a legit 45-hour. But worth it.
3	I tried the chicken and waffles at the Sahara location and it was just okay but I gave the place 4 stars because the drinks are amazing and the portions are huge. Since we stayed at Imperial Palace and I decided to try the infamous sage fried chicken eggs benedict and.. wa wa what a disappointment. The biscuit is dry as hell and the chicken was dry. I wish they just covered the entire thing in ladles of hollandaise because it was so dry! I got the orange crush drink which was pretty tasty. It's basically just riesling and orange soda. Worth $9? Perhaps not but I wanted to keep my buzz going. Will I go back? Nah. I think I'd rather just have my breakfast at Ellis Island :)
3	Felt like an ice box in the restaurant! The a/c is my main complaint! As I walked in, I understood that this was going to be dreadful. I had my boyfriend sit next to me and hold me to keep me warm. The food didn't take long, and it wasn't crowded with people so that is a positive. The server was good and always was around to help. The food was pricey, and it wasn't bad but wasn't good. Some parts of the meal were good but some I skipped.
5	Food was good. Portions are huge. Wish we had one in The Bay Area.
4	Give me Comfort Food in GIANT KING KONG portions and I'm one happy little booger!Hash House A Go Go should be on your Las Vegas "EAT LIST". Come for breakfast, brunch or lunch... you'll leave happy, satisfied and not hungry again for about 24 hours. On top of that, all for an affordable price!It has a cozy & kinda hip diner feel. The menu is pretty simple and to the point with creative & lip licking options.Suggestions:- Burgers- Pork Sandwich- Fried Chicken, Biscuit & Egg Mountain!! We came...We ate....We hurt..We smiled..We passed out for a few hours.How do you do it Man Vs. Food? I smell a cheater.... :)
3	Big on portions, not so much on taste.I ordered their popular Sage Fried Chicken with Bacon Waffles. Presentation wise...it was awesome. Until i took that first bite of the chicken...omg DRY DRY DRY. It was also flavorless. And the Waffles, lets just say I had to order a side of extra maple syrup & butter to bring it to life. Slightly disappointed, but glad I came to see what the hype is all about.Coconut Mango pancakes were pretty good though. Will prob return to try other items on their menuI left with pants unbuttoned. Cool, time to hit up the pool.
5	This is the greatest COMFORT food spot ever! The way they created fusion dishes were so impressive. The only thing I can complain about is how long it takes to get the food. I immediately got over it as soon as I took my first bite of my dishes. My buddy and I ordered the Watermelon lemonade, which was delicious btw. The plates we got were the Andy's sage fried chicken and waffles. We also got the Sage Chicken Benedict. Both dishes were amazing. The meat was juicy, lightly breaded, great sauce on both dishes, and made to make your heart melt. I love you Hash House! Recommendation: Watermelon lemonade, Andy's sage fried chicken and waffles, and sage chicken benedict.
4	I had their man vs. food special, and it was great! They give you a ton of food for about $15.The chicken was soft and juicy on the inside, while crunchy on the outside. The chipotle ranch takes the whole thing to a completely different level.I will try to eat here everytime I visit Vegas.
4	I've only been here once, so this is just a review on my one experience. First off, it took a long time to get seated, and even longer to get our food. Probalby about 20 minutes for 4 poeple around 11am to get the table, then almost an hour to get our food. I would like tot hink that their service probably is faster, so we will give them a try because they are cheap for that gigantic amount of food they give you. There is a huge menu and everything tastes pretty good.Definately give them a try if you are here. I think one of the player card coupon books has a 5 dollar off coupon for them too, so get that first then come here.
4	I was referred to this place by a few friends of mine, and I didnt know that it was going to be totally awesome!!  This location was inside the Imperial Palace, which as many times as I have been to Vegas, never stepped a foot in... but boy was I missing out on great food. The dining area is very comfortable, the service was great - our server Jay was very nice and informative on how the whole theme and menu works. His recommendation was a house favorite which was a fried chicken biscuit Benedict and it was totally worth the wait! Great flavor, presentation and portion size! Luckily, my husband and I shared the dish - because it is hefty there. Tasty accompaniments to drink with your meal:  their Bloody Mary or Champagne Supernova. Delicious!!All in all, a ROCKIN' place for two or more, food is awesome , worth the $$ and  a super sure bet in a Vegas Casino :) definitely recommend Imperial Palace location.
3	This place had some serious 5-star food and 1-star service.I needed some breakfast in a bad way, as one often does in Vegas and reluctantly agreed to wait a half hour for a seat because I am an advertiser's dream and Adam Richman likes the place so I am all over it. I lived in Vegas for nearly a whole year (which is something like 6 years in Vegas time) and usually know better that to eat in a popular restaurant on the strip when avoidable but we were close and hungry.We get seated and it takes about 10  minutes to get some coffee and another 10 after that to get water that was ordered at the same time. We order up some chicken and waffles with a side of biscuits and gravy. Hope fills my heart renewing my faith in a Man v Food destination (my lady wouldn't let me eat the 6 lb burrito at The Sahara but for the record I would've killed it).30 MINUTE LATER...I see our food come out of the kitchen...and...head straight to a different table...We try to flag down the guy bringing it out as the table tells him yes they ordered chicken and waffles but not biscuits and gravy but before we can get his attention he drops the chicken and goes back to the kitchen with the biscuits. Add 20 minutes to that and they manage to sort out what has happened (try getting a server's attention in that time) and we get an apology and finally a coffee refill. Keep in mind tht the table who got our food had another order for the lady and she had to watch her man eat for the 20 minutes before her food came out.I will give them this...the food was orgasmic. ORGASMIC. the chicken was amazing and the waffles had friggin' bacon cooked right into it. Right into it! The biscuits and gravy were omgnom or whatever the kids are saying these days.I would go here again but probably stick to my instinct and make my way to the one off the strip.
3	This place was fun to go to in a group but unfortunately not for the small appetite or anyone who doesn't like their food options to touch much.  Heh-heh!The house mimosa made with tangerine juice was very tasty, and my co-diners told me the BLT Mary was really good, too.Every platter (even a simple Caesar salad) came out big enough for 2+ people and arranged in some unique design.  (With my friend's chicken and waffles, it was like a tower.)  I had the biscuits and gravy.  I didn't want mashed potatoes and had hoped to give that part to my husband, because they said they couldn't substitute for anything else.  But I didn't know they surround the mashed potatoes with biscuits, cover the entire plate with gravy, and then toss the scrambled eggs on top of the whole thing, which made giving him the mashed potatoes impossible.  It was quite a sight!
5	My friend had been bugging us to go here since we arrived. We saved it for the last day.  We should have gone here earlier.  food is great, large portions, I could eat here and only need one other meal throughout the day and not have to worry.  I probably would have saved a good amount of money if I did that instead of eating every few hours. We ordered the flap jack, the Andy's plate (man vs. Food), and the egg/avacado scrambler. It was great food, huge portions and fast service.
2	Eggs were undercooked and so was sausage.  Not worth the time and cab ride to get there from mgm
5	I saw the Man vs. Food episode and made my friends go with me.  I don't think I could've finished the Chicken Benedict by myself.  Between the three of us, we had the Chicken Benedict, mango flapjacks, and and omelet.  The Chicken Benedict comes with cheese and bacon and is placed on top of a mountain of mashed potatoes.  It's so big that it comes with a steak knife.  The flapjacks have quarter-sized pieces of mango in them.  I regret saving this for last because we all know how pancakes are the next day.  They were delicious, but we couldn't finish them.The omelet was one of the best I've ever had.  Perfect mix of eggs, cheese and avocado. All three of these came out to about $40.  Inexpensive by any standards, especially Vegas.  We should've came here two days during our trip.  We would've saved a lot of money in food.
3	I came here for one thing and one thing only, the Chickens and Waffles. I was sold after seeing the picture. It was the #1 thing I had to get when I was in Vegas. Little did I know that they did not serve it on their late menu. I got sooooooooooo fucking pissed that my gf knew I was being like a kid and throwing a tantrum. What a FAIL! I had to make the best out of it so I decided I ended up getting the Indianas Favorites which came with Andys Sage Fried Chicken, 2 eggs, bacon mashed potatos and a biscuit. The fried chicken was awesome. Perfectly made and so moist. It wasnt all greasy like the chicken you would get from KFC. If you like bacon, you will love the mashed potatoes.The gfs blueberry pecan flapjack was delicious and pretty humongous. Their 1 lb Angus burgers look mighty tempting also as I saw a few tables order them. One of my favorite beers is offered here, Arrogant Bastard in a 24 oz bottle. Gotta love that. Lastly I hated how this Hash House location is at Imperial Palace. This casino is just a complete fail. Ghetto as hell. Seriously do I have to take 2-3 different elevators just to get to the casino? Next time Im headed to 2nd Hash House location for my chicken and waffles. There you have it, 2 reviews in one.
3	1868 - Japan's Emperor moved to Tokyo.  The new residence eventually becomes known as the Imperial Palace.1945 - Allied firebombing raids destroy most of the palace and grounds.  Eventually, the Allies use an atomic bomb to end the war.1954 - Godzilla (a direct result of atomic testing) attacks Japan, trouncing Tokyo and the Imperial Palace.  This would be the first in a series of Godzilla attacks.1979 - The Imperial Palace opens in Las Vegas.  The Emperor clearly needed to raise funds from multiple Godzilla trouncings, so he made it into a hotel/casino.2005 - Godzilla (working through a secret shell corporation known as "Harrah's" buys the Las Vegas Imperial Palace with plans to destroy it.2009 - Following a series of really bad films, Godzilla decides against stomping on a Las Vegas casino hardly anyone knows about.  Besides, the Bellagio wouldn't give him permission to rise up out of their fountians.2010 - Hash House a go-go opens a second Las Vegas location, this time in the Imperial Palace.  Although the Americian farm-fresh food concept clashes with the predominantly Asian theme, The food portions are large enough to feed Godzilla.Humans eating here are best served to go in groups of two or more and splitting plates family style.  They have a $2.50 split plate charge*, but unless you eat like a linebacker, are a 300 foot tall lizard, or plan to take it home, you will be wasting a lot of food.  Food is very lively and fresh, as well as unusual.  It's not your typical "country nasty" (bacon, eggs, sausage, gravy, and biscuts).  It's a total re-invent.  It works, but it is a little pricey even when sharing; A split breakfast for 2, with 2 large (fresh squeezed) Orange Juices came to $29 (not counting Tip).I love the food but not the price.  Like the Best of the Godzilla films, it only merits 3 stars.* You can bypass the $2.50 split plate charge if someone just orders a biscuit or a plate of bacon for $1.  It costs less, but you get even more food :P
5	Saw this place featured on Man V. Food and tried it out the first morning we were in Vegas. Not only did I love this place, but so did my wife and daughter. I had the chorizo house hash, my daughter had the biscuits and gravy, and the wife ordered the corned beef house hash. Everything was great, and the price was very reasonable for a place on the Strip. A really great alternative to the buffets. The eggs were cooked as ordered and the portions were very big. Next time, I'm getting the chicken and waffles although the chorizo was really good and very spicy. My wife always gets a corned beef breakfast and she really enjoyed the one available here!
5	Not only does this place have some of the BEST food on the Strip or in the Vegas area for that matter but the portions are ridiculous. By all means get the Chicken and Waffles and share with a hungry friend. I guarantee that you will still bring some home. The loaded mash potatoes & the prawns were wonderful. The only issue I could possibly have is that it took a minute to find the actual restaurant. We had to park way in the back and work our way forward to the casino, then it was a guessing game to figure out which way from there, but every wrong turn was worth it!!!
4	Had brunch here last weekend at the request of one of my friends. All she wanted to do while in Vegas was come here and have the fried chicken & biscuit benedict. Thank goodness this place was on her to do. Our brunch was delicious. If you love comfort food as much as I do, then this place should be put on your Vegas restaurant list. Yes, it's in the Imperial Palace and I understand your hesitation but just close your eyes and run through the casino and you will arrive shortly and safely at Hash house.  The portions were huge and we probably shouldn't have ordered a plate each but everything sounded like it was a must eat. The prices are low considering the amount of food they give you. Their coffee was probably some of the best American coffee I have ever had. The griddled french toast with grilled bananas and cinnamon cream was absolutely perfect.. The fried chicken and bacon waffles I could've done without. And finally I am still dreaming of the  farm benedict. Their sage fried chicken w/ spinach, bacon, tomato, chipotle cream and scrambled eggs was the ultimate morning comfort food. I so wish we had this restaurant in Miami. Until I go back to Vegas I'll try to recreate it in Miami so I can kill my craving.
1	I'm going to make this simple and sweet.  I'D RATHER EAT AT KFC'S THAN EAT YOUR CHICKEN THAT COMES ALONG YOUR CHICKEN AND WAFFLES -- AND THAT'S SAY'N SUMTIN!  (Chicken just tastes like batter.  Where's the seasoning?)Feel free to tell me why their Chicken and Waffles is so amazing.  Just try.  They serve you so much, I bet whatever gets thrown away is enough to fatten every malnourished child in Africa.  I propose we start a Hash House A Go Go food drive and donate all your leftovers at the door.  YAY FOR ENDING WORLD HUNGER!!!
4	The portions here are HUGE! so you won't leave hungry. Prices are on par for LV so expect it to be more than you thought it would be. The biscuits are especially good. I had the chicken and waffles which they're famous for and it's an eye opener when you see it. A huge pyramid of chicken and waffles with a knife stuck in the middle. There's not a whole lot of flavor and I've had better but it's still not bad. I mean there's bacon cooked inside the waffles. Overall I wouldn't mind coming here again.
4	Man Vs Food ain't got nothin on me!It took us a while to find this place--we had to go on a long adventure through the "extravagant" Imperial Palace casino to find this place.  Hash House was packed, which was a good sign. I'm surprised this many people trudged through the casino to actually eat here.Service was pretty good, although the ice water tasted pretty gross--it was probably just tap water.  Our server was very helpful in taking our orders, since it was our first time and we didn't know what to expect.  I ordered the Sage Chicken with a side of crispy potatoes. Man this thing was huge! Two breaded and deep-fried chicken breasts sat atop 2 biscuits, bacon, eggs, cheese, and mashed potatoes, and covered in a chipotle sauce. It was messy, down and dirty, and I felt my arteries clog up with each bite--just the way I like it. You've got to eat this right away, otherwise all it all becomes soggy and not as tasty as it could be. After tackling this heavy meal, the tap water wasn't so bad at all. The Crispy Potatoes weren't that good--they were burned and a little dry. I should've opted for the side of Sausage instead.Of course, major food coma is to be expected afterwards--the host commented on how slow we were walking. All of us were dragging our feet as we left. Nobody wanted to do anything but just lay around and nap. We ate this meal at around 1pm....9 hours later none of us were hungry yet.
4	Man I wish we had this in Texas!Once I booked my trip to Vegas I made it my mission to go here at least once. We stopped by on a Saturday morning and yes, there was a wait list, but it moved quickly.  I had to try the Sage Fried Chicken Benedict from Man V. Food and it didnt disappoint. When it's first laid in front of you you begin to question what the hell you signed up for. Then you dig in and realize that it's all good (almost). It's a lot easier if you attack it a layer or 2 at a time. If you cant finish all of it, at least knock out the fried chicken, mashed potatoes, and the cream sauce. Those were the best parts. The fried pasta and the tomato dont really add anything special. Next time I come I want to try something with a bit of sweet to it instead of something entirely savory. The price is on point and pretty fair considering the amount of food that you get. The drinks can make your bill jump, though. Stick to maybe 1 juice and some water.Overall the service was very speedy and friendly. Another thing I loved about the place was the music! During my time there I heard The Black Eyed Peas, Prince, Aaliyah, Sade, and Zhane! Now that's what I'm talking about!If you're looking for a massive breakfast with a twist, I say go for it. Just prepare yourself for the food coma afterwards.
2	First of all, like everyone else, I've wanted to try this place. I've heard fabulous things about it but never had the chance to go. So about two months ago, my friend is staying at a casino across the street from Imperial Palace. She and her friends were craving breakfast food and not a buffet so I said we could try this place. I arrived and told the hostess that my friends were already in there. She told me, (and not even kindly), "We don't seat parties if they aren't all here, but you can check if they're in there." Well, they were seated and I joined them and we ordered our food. First of all, I give the food a 4 out of 5 -- Chris and I had the farmer's platter or whatever it was called and although it was good, there was just toooooo much of it. I think there's a difference between good and thinking something's good just because they put 5 pounds of food on your plate. Second, the service was second...no, wait...third rate. I have lived in Vegas for almost 10 years and seriously, I've had better service when Binion's Horseshoe had their steak and potato midnight special for $2.99. Drinks were not refilled in a timely manner and when asked for a refill, the waitress seemed annoyed. Third, this place was way too crowded and not enough servers. Come on now...I've eaten at the Cheesecake Factory and you're practically sitting on their neighbor's lap as you enjoy your meal with your dining patron and you still don't get the rudeness or the stress that you can sense from the waitstaff. This way not be their problem so then the management needs to get a clue. Fourth, as we were paying our bill, it took about 10 minutes for the waitress to come back. Upon arrival, she tells us that between the kitchen at our table, she "LOST" our credit card. So not only was she a bit on the rude side, the was obviously tied up doing several other things AND she loses my husband's credit card??!!? COME ON!!! There had to have been at least 200 people in the restaurant and anyone would've picked it up and taken it. About 5-7 minutes later, I guess someone turned it in to the hostess and the hostess tried to find the waitress to give it to her. My hubby then got it from the hostess and although the waitress did apologize, you could so tell that she apologized really to save face and get us out of there. After that, I wanted to take the tip we had left for her. Normally I'm not so mean, but my husband is a busser and he wouldn't be that rude to anyone! I give this place two stars because the food really was good, but just overrated. I do think it's worth a try...and maybe not the IP location. Maybe Sahara is different...and when the M location opens up, then they have a chance to prove me wrong. We'll see...So Hash House a Go-go management at IP, if you want people to  pay way too much for pancakes, you can afford one more server or busser so your existing waitstaff isn't  running around forgetting people's orders, losing people's credit card or cutting people short to take care of others with a stressed out and uncaring attitude. 4 farmer's platters can pay a waiter's 4 hour shift and they'd provide better service so they can generate MORE money for your joint!
4	We showed up at Hash House A Go Go early one evening hungover and ready for some delicious brunch. Unfortunately we hadn't gotten out of the house early enough to make it in time for breakfast/lunch and could only order off the dinner menu. We were starving and had a hell of a time getting to Imperial Palace in the first place so we decided to stay and check it out. We were well aware of their HUGE portions so we ordered the Slow Cooked Bar B' Que Pork Ribs on a bed of horseradish potato salad from the "Just 4 grazing" section of the menu and the Boston Hash (Crispy potatoes, mixed onions, fresh tomatoes all crowned with Andy's famous all blue crab cake drizzled with horseradish cream and served with scrambled eggs) from the "Late Breakfast" section.  I would have liked the horseradish cream to be a little spicier to give the dish more of a kick. There was more than enough food to feed the both of us and we brought a small box home of leftovers. As my career is geared towards pastries I am often browsing the dessert menu even on a full stomach just to see what's available. We decided to share a double shot of espresso poured over a very large scoop of homemade vanilla ice cream. MMM this was my favorite part of the meal! The restaurant itself was pretty empty. Our server was genuine and nice. It definitely could have been worse ;) Overall I enjoyed the experience and would definitely go again.
3	Heard the hype, wanted to try.Pros:Huge portionsGreat ServiceCons:More food, less tasteOverpriced for the qualityI weigh my reviews heavily on the quality and taste of the food. The food at this place was okay at best. The portions are bigger than Claim Jumpers, but the flavors were sub par. I split the sage chicken and waffles with a friend (there is a two or three dollar charge to split the plate.)  When we got it, it was so nicely presented and huge. I was shocked. I didn't know where to start. When I tried the waffle, it tasted plain. I really needed the syrup with it, but there was bacon baked inside of it and I did not like to mix sweet and savory. The chicken was cooked well, nice and tender, but again it was plain. There was no real spices to it. I had to dunk it in my friend's sauce to finish off one piece. After a while, the flavors mixed together and everything became sickening to eat and look at. My friend ordered sage chicken with the eggs benedict. His plate was huge as well. He had chicken, eggs benedict, a biscuit, and mash potatoes all covered with hollandaise sauce. Literally everything was covered in a blanket of sauce. After a while, he too gave up. He is a pretty big guy and if he gave up, I'm sure the food was too much and too overwhelming after a while. My favorite part of the meal was the watermelon-kiwi lemonade. You have to order it. Comes with a piece of watermelon on the side. Very yummy. I tasted more watermelon than lemonade, but that's okay since I don't really find watermelon drinks anywhere. Don't believe the hype. The food will overpower your taste buds, and not in a good way.
2	Agree with Hang T.:  too much tasteless food on the chicken and waffles order. I dug at my plate trying to find the perfect bite and it never happened. The "bbq sauce" rimming the plate was just plain nasty. Where was the syrup to drown this crap in???My friends, however, got an appetizer with steak that was like a normal-sized plate. If you're staying near Imperial and go to here, stick with the appetizers and don't expect much.....and you should be fine.(I saw a burger go by and it LOOKED good...maybe split one with someone? But I heard the 24 hour Burger Palace is better.)
4	This place was great. Best hangover food ever and if you got one I recommend the "Hair of the Dog". This place has some truly outrageous food, some to outrageous. The only bad thing is THE SERVICE IS S#!**y.
4	Went to HH for breakfast on a weekday about 8:30. We had to wait about ten minutes or so and they seemed pretty disorganized getting people seated even though there were plenty of empty tables. But once we got seated is was all good. My wife had the French toast with bananas and a maple reduction that was really tasty. I had the fried chicken Benedict which was killer. The chipotle cream sauce was what really made it for me. I really liked the fresh spinach and tomato on it too. About the only real thing that I can say remotely negative about the place is that the servings are HUGE. Just too much food for most people. Almost seems like a waste. I'd go back in a second for any meal to try some of their other dishes.
3	This is the kind of place that makes Americans fat and next day drunks happy. Huge sized portions of everything that could possibly make your heart stop. Its menu is southern influenced and truly an experience with how everything looks. The pancakes are the size of trash can lids and the chicken and waffles look like a caloric tower of goodness. Ive been wanting to try this place and I'm glad that I did but I don't think I will make this a regular stop on every trip to Vegas.Be prepared to wait in line and get the standard generic service due to the number of people being served, but that's standard when trying to eat on the strip.
3	Man, I REALLY wanted to bump Hash House up a star.  I just knew I'd get lucky and not have the same wack ass waitress as before.  I even spotted her walking by and pointed her out to my momma like "there she go...." ANYWHO, we did get a better server this time but unfortuantely I wasn't feeling my bacon waffles :/  I only ordered that and a side of mashed potatoes.... yes that combo made sense in my head.  The waffles this time were hard to cut through into pieces so I ended up just ripping them.  So much for table etiquette...  And they were also a little tough to chew.  Sorely disappointed because I raved so much about them to my dad the last time I came here.  I also ordered the cinnamon roll drink and it didn't taste as good as I thought it would.  It was pretty much espresso and cinnamon.  Which had real cinnamon sticks in it and I thought they were those cookies they put into those kinds of drinks so I bit into them and it was hard as a rock.  Almost broke my back teeth. Damn......haha.  I thought my drink would be ALOT sweeter because cinnamon rolls usually are but I suppose not here.  My mom ordered this scramble and her potatoes looked cold.  I don't know if they were but that's not plus points for looking non appetizing to me.  My dad ordered the fried chicken salad and it looked good but he ran out of dressing so he took the rest home.My dad is a un documented "foodie" who finds new foods to try, and literally goes on missions to the valley just to get a slice of pizza.  We exchange places we need to eat at and all that good stuff.  So when he told me he didn't need to come back here, that's saying alot.  And not in a good way.....This particular day, the cigarette smoke in here was extremely thick.  Yes I know it's Vegas and smoking is allowed inside but I didn't even see people smoking.  It was pretty hard to breathe and usually I can deal with casino smoke because it's not as bad as it was.  I just know my eyes were red from being so dry and I honestly couldn't wait to step outside into triple digit weather to breathe in some fresh air.  Hash House, can yall get a fan or vent that sucks up the cig smoke or something? Work with us healthy lung people please....
4	This place is just RIDICULOUS! It's the best place to go to cure a hangover, or just down on the most comfort food breakfast you'll ever have. Enjoy it with a Bloody Mary, and you are good to go!
2	I fail to see what all the hype is about this place.  Decent food, yes.  The hostess hands out flashers/beepers for people waiting to be seated, but then proceeds to screech, yell, and caterwaul at the top of her lungs when you're turn comes to be seated.  Very annoying.  The service sucked.  My coffee cup sat empty on the table most of the meal.  The waiter gave attitude when we had the audacity to ask him to split up the check so each of us could pay for what we actually ordered and ate.  This really ticked him off, and he made it clear.  Much better places to eat in Vegas where they appreciate your business.
1	Order the Fried Chicken Benedict and Warm Spinach.The Warm Spinach would have been better if they didn't drench the salad in vinaigrette.  A completely weak $9 salad.  Small with no substance, much like the garbage of a hotel casino this place is located in.  Does anyone else besides me think it's time for place to go?  Imperial Palace?  Come on now, is this place even politically correct?The Benedict tasted absolutely disgusting.  I enjoy artery clogging goodness as much anyone else but this was just so poorly executed.  So the place had a few biscuits, scrambled eggs, and two fried chicken breast fillet haphazardly lumped together on a plate, drench and I mean completely a quart of sauce drench in some sauce I cannot make out.  Nothing is spared, everything just tasted like this disgusting thousand islands mayo based concoction.  Even if the Fried Chicken was good, there would have no way for me to have known.I asked if they could change the television channel over to the Oregon Stanford game, I got a yes, but no action.  Of course it's probably random chance with my server and runners but I HATE lip service!  If you're not going to do something of if you don't want to please don't tell me that you will, if not for the absolutely quick response time of Las Vegas Metro I would have stabbed the man in the back with the butter knife.  If you even think that the food is going to take another 15 minutes, why would you tell me it'll be a couple minutes?  Ridiculous!  Must have been at least 45 mins from when we put the order in to when the food came out.  I honestly looking back should have just took my friend's suggestion of walking out and leaving.  I just couldn't tell if he was serious, but knowing him as long as I do, I should have know he was.I felt so bad for suggesting this place to my good buddy that I gave him my credit card for the night.  I know a lot of people like to come here for the first time because of their huge portion size (which at around $15 -$23 a plate I hardly think is that amazing) but I doubt there are many repeat customers.
2	meatloaf was dry as hell, the kokomo was not worth getting. portions are huge! i ate half the kokomo as was full for the rest of the day. HH bloody mary are the SH*T!!!! lines were long, food came out fast, service was great.
4	The food was awesome! However i cant say much about the service.  We had a party of 12 and we werent all there at once so we werent seated until our whole party was there...once we were all there we had to wait for a table 5 minutes plus but then there was only a few customers inside...we were finally seated and half of us wanted the brunch and the other half wanted dinner but then the waiter told us that we could not order dinner until 5 which at that time was about 4:45pm...so the other half waited til 5! I have to say the Fried CHicken Benedict was hands down the best! I will be back to hash house however will not be going to this location.
4	The portions here are ENORMOUS. The best thing to do is share a plate. We had gotten a BLT Bloody Mary, and it does come with bacon and lettuce in it. It's cute. We had also gotten an omelet, and it was huge. Split between two people, we still didn't finish it. The hash was good and crispy, the fruit was fresh, and the omelet itself was good.
5	Some travelers get their kicks from group tours and antiquing.  I get mine from finding great places to eat breakfast.  I'm not really sure how I began my love affair with artery-clogging hash browns and German chocolate pancakes, but I don't forsee it ending any time soon.  I'm of the opinion that the very best breakfasts weigh down your tummy like a bowling ball made of sausage, which is probably why I had such a blast at Hash House-A-Go-Go.On the recommendation of a friend who used to live in Vegas, my girlfriend and I ate at Hash House on the second day of our recent vacation.  I ordered eggs mixed with goat cheese, sundried tomatoes and (I believe) basil, served with a homemade biscuit and fried mashed potatoes.  I've had goat cheese and sundried tomatoes together on pizza but never mixed in eggs.  The combination was every bit as tasty as I'd hoped it would be.  The fried mashed potatoes took me back to the pre-microwave days of my childhood, when my mom would reheat the mashed potatoes she'd made the day before in a pan filled with melted butter.  The biscuit, which was significantly denser than I'd thought it would be, felt like it weighed half a pound.  If I'd eaten it with butter and jelly, I might not have felt very fondly about it.  However, on our table was a small metal tin filled with delicious jellied peaches, which turned out to be the perfect topping for Hash House's ridiculously heavy pastries.Hash-House-A-Go-Go offers friendly service and excellent breakfast food served at reasonable prices.  For me, the best part of my Hash House experience was watching my tiny girlfriend try to eat a giant pancake that was at least 18" in diameter.  She literally begged me to help her finish it but I was halfway to a food coma myself.  You win this round, breakfast!  But I'll be back.  Sooner or later, I'm always back for more.
4	if youre looking for comfort food done a little differently, this is the place to go.its a "tourist spot" so be prepared for a little bit of a wait. although, the 1st time i went we had a reservation for a large dinner party and the 2nd time was right before dinner rush on a saturday night (we got sat right away).plates are HUGE! everything we had was pretty darn good. horseradish mashed, pesto potatoes, ribs...all good. my sister ordered the crab cakes, and most of it was crab!i ordered the watermelon kiwi lemonade. it was definitely good and refreshing, but my garnish (watermelon wedge) was definitely spoiled.something else i liked - they serve 40oz cans of budweiser and serve it with a side of bacon. ive said this a few times, but i dont really like domestic beer, unless its used for a drinking game. oddly enough, the bacon added to the flavor of the beer and it was actually pretty good!if you've never been, its a must try. just seeing all the plate presentations and how huge the portions are is worth it.
2	Got a small $3 coffee to go. $3 coffee tastes the same as $1 coffee. MIGHT come back for food.
4	I'm going to start this off by saying that I am not a fan of casino eatery places (aside from buffets) that are on upper floors of the buildings. I feel like they are almost always desolate (at least in my experiences) and are void of any and all character that it may have if it were in it's own separate location. And this particular place was of no exception. There were three other tables (the place was a really dull atmosphere- CMON, it's vegas people!). I perhaps saw my waitress three times-including bill drop-off and pick-up and the food was not on the cheap end of things. I ordered Andy's sage fried chicken benedict (w/ fresh spinach, hardwood smoked bacon, market tomato, griddled mozzarella, chipotle cream and scrambled eggs- I subbed grilled chicken in for the fried, not like that redeems calories or anything) and it was HUGE. And contrary to other reviews, DELICIOUS. The mimosa I ordered was really strong for such a little thing and had me kind of whirling out back into the casino. I ate off that thing for two days and will definitely get it again (at the other location) next time I'm there : )
1	Horrible service. Our waitress sucked and the food wasn't all that great. One star and that's only cause I'm feeling nice
4	loved this place... everything is sooo big and yummy ... their coffee and biscuits are to die for!!!!
3	This place was our first stop after arriving in Vegas. My brother-in-law saw Adam Richman do a Man vs. Food challenge here.  Even that cue didn't prepare us from the mammoth meal we were about to have.After about a 30-minute wait...this place had a line for days...we got a table in an empty party of the restaurant. They warned us that portions were big, but they were actually huge. I ordered the meatloaf hash which was pretty tasty, but I wasn't able to finish even half of it. I got a BLT Bloody Mary to go with it which was quite nice...never had bacon in my bloody mary before. This I highly recommend.In total, there were 9 of us at the table that morning. I don't recall anyone finishing their meal. I asked the waiter what percentage of the patrons actually finished their plate of food. He said 1%. Freaking 1%.This bothered me a bit. I understand the novelty with the huge portions, but we wasted a ton of food...and so did others at the tables around us.  When you eat here, plan to share...and I'm not just talking two per entree...I'm talking 3-4...unless you can really put it away.It's a fun place, the food is good, and service was attentive. But be sure to come hungry. In this case, food definitely won vs. me.
5	Better put down your purse and start eating. The portions are huge. Huge. And delicious. If you haven't eaten here yet, you should, but do so with an open mind. It's twisted farm food. It sounds kinda off when you read the menu, but just trust em.CHICKEN AND WAFFLES FTW!I had the whatever adam richman had in mvf and it was delicious. I split it with a friend, and STILL couldn't finish it.My husband had the pork tenderloin and it was amazing.I recommend the BLT Bloody Mary.Our service was excellent too. I did hear another lady complaining about the service they had the day before, but was thanking our server for being on top of it. It's a gamble when you eat on the strip in vegas...
3	Huge portions, not enough flavor.  This "Man v Food" is really tempting my husband to go to all these places, even when I say it doesn't even look good, we still go!Waited 20 minutes for a table, the host greeted us, he was very polite.  Our waitress seemed high energy.  I start with a latte, they don't have nonfat milk just so you know, it was alright.  I ordered the salmon hash.  I do ask the crazy questions before ordering like substituting whites for full eggs, no cheese etc.  I've turned to a calorie counter so this is important.  He orders the Fried chicken benedict, no substitutions, as is.  Thirty minutes later, two people have to bring out our food because the benedict requires to hands, one for the plate and one to support the benedict so it doesn't fall down.  The benedict consisted of a split chicken breast fried, 2 biscuits split in half, at least a pound of mashed potatoes, fried cheese, spinach, tomatoes topped with a hollandaise sauce.  He ordered with the pistachio mocha which tasted like hersheys chocolate and pistachio extract, I would pass on that drink and it cost about $6.So the benedict, he ended up picking out the chicken and some potatoes and the spinach, the rest was just too mediocre.  It could feed at least 4 people.My meal, which cost extra mind you because of my substitutions didn't come out right, they had to have been a half pound of brie cheese, though I said no cheese.  The waitress did ask if I wanted a new one, but I was disappointed with the flavors anyways, why wait another half hour?  So the waitstaff is a 5, but the food is pushing a 2/3.  Not very cheap.  And I still had to pay for my meal with the substitutions. With it being in Vegas, I would try another place.
4	Gigantic portions, great breakfast.  The hashes are served in an iron skillet, and it is more than enough food for 2 people.  I also had a kiwi-watermelon lemonade, which was served in a huge glass and was very pretty since they layered the different flavors on top of one another.
4	Just visited this new location, and have been to the location on Sahara.Food: GIANT portions. You should know that going in. Accept it and perhaps plan ahead to cut the plate in half, or maybe even in thirds.  I just had the chicken salad sandwich, so when it came out, I cut it in half; ate one half and took the other half home, which made great left overs.  It's definitely enough to share with two or three people.I disagree with some of the reviews below. The food is good and very flavorful. It's greasy Midwestern food but not gross greasy.  Like I said, I had the chicken salad sandwich; it came with some delicious cucumbers and fries. The fries were seasoned just right and weren't too hard or crispy.The place itself is nice, Americana midwest themed.  This location also has a great view of Las Vegas.  Once the weather warms up again it will be nice to eat on the terrace and enjoy the view.  We went on a Saturday afternoon -- around 4:30pm -- and there was zero line. (The Sahara location does have a longer wait.)  I didn't find the staff rude at all. They were very attentive and nice, and food came out quick.      I think Hash House A Go Go is a definite must to visit. And if you're going to eat on/near the strip, this place is worth the money and time (which I don't think can be said of many other restaurants on the strip in the same price range).
4	i will give 4 stars based on my favorite meal...the tractor driver breakfast with the banana brown sugar pancake.  i visited vegas for a week and came to hash house a go go three times for breakfast/brunch and one late night trip to split bread pudding and a watermelon lemonade (which was a little too sweet for my taste).  one visit we had a bad experience by waiting an hour for the food and an indifferent waitress.  i was immediately hooked on their fresh tangerine juice, but they only had it for my first visit.  the banana brown sugar pancake is so delicious.  the way the brown sugar sort of carmelizes to a yummy and sweet crunch...divine.  the griddled mashed potatoes were good.  WARNING:  their portions are SCARY HUGE.  i recommend sharing at this place regardless of what you order.  they send home leftover pancakes in a small pizza box to give you an idea.  all the items i saw or ordered came on platters or giant round plates that must have weighed five pounds alone.  a woman next to us the night we went in for dessert ordered a chicken pot pie which looked like a giant flying saucer of crust had crashed into it.  for my first trip, i got the fried chicken benedict which was good, but a little too much and too heavy for me.  my other trips were all about that banana brown sugar pancake.  trust me, if you like bananas, you can't go wrong.
4	Visited this location as it was on the Strip.  A bit difficult to find in the Imperial Palace, but it was worth the slight inconvenience.I thought about the Sage Chicken Benedict, but I saw another customer receive one and it looked like way too much food for me.Had the Corned beef hash instead and ate every last bite.  Good quality corned beef and the potatoes were nicely seasoned and had nice crust to them.
5	This place is AWESOME!!!  Brought my BF here for his birthday during our trip to Vegas for his birthday.  It's a regular restaurant in the second level of the Imperial Palace from the Casino.There was four of us in the party, one had a benedict, one had the hash, my BF had the BBBLT and I had the Fried Chicken and waffles.  ALL of the food was AMAZING!!!  Such great flavors together and HUGE portions!  Be aware...the portions are enough for two or three servings, or one serving if you are hungover.  ;)The BBBLT was huge and totally flavorful.  Not as much bacon as we thought, but it was great nonetheless.  I have the fried chicken and waffles and it was the best I've ever had!  The waffles had full strips of bacon sticking out the sides and the fried chicken was crispy and yummy!  The fried leeks was a surprising addition and the syrup was a wonderful surprise!! This place is a yummy addition to any trip to Vegas and will be an addition to any trip I make there.  You should go there too!  Do it...you won't be sorry!!!
3	WoW! Hash House A Go Go huh? I hadn't even heard of this place until a friend of mine mentioned he had seen it on Man vs Food and really wanted to check it out. Well at first I drove down to the other location to find out that there was another location at the Imperial Palace. Who knew?Everyone finally made it to the correct location and we were seated. I guess the food takes a while since the portions are GIGANTIC and there were like 16 of us but everything went pretty well. Man. I had no idea HOW HUGE the portions were going to be here but they weren't kidding. I think I could've shared my meal with like 4 people. Seriously. I ended up getting small plates and having bites of stuff on each plate to have for my meal.You must get the biscuits and gravy side! UGH. It's SO good. I do love biscuits and gravy and man I loved theirs. They had pieces of chunky sausage in it and it was just yummy.We ordered the Man vs Food meal with the fried chicken and stuff. It was good but definitely overwhelming. I didn't get through much of the meal but it wasn't bad. There's just too much going on!Our waiter was pretty good and did pretty well getting everything out. One of my friend's meals took forever and he ended up just taking his burger for the car ride because it came after everyone was pretty much done eating. It's something to try but I don't think I'll be coming back. It was just too much.Also, at the end of the meal you think to yourself how much we waste. Eek.
4	If you've eaten here and can't get full off the portions of the food they serve here, you are clearly lying! the portion sizes at HH are ginormous! i have a huuuggge appetite, and i need to share with someone else to keep my tummy from exploding. i consider the prices a bargain for how much food we got and the quality of it. it's also nice that it's centrally located on the strip in imperial palace.My first visit here, i ordered the corned beef hash loaded with baked potato chunks and topped with 2 eggs. i almost died trying to finish my half of the dish, but it did wonders to my massive hangover. i came here again this last weekend, and decided to try the popular sage fried chicken and waffles. the order came with two large breaded chicken breasts and 4 waffles. the breading was derish! but the chicken was really dry, and difficult to finish by the end of the meal. the waffles were amazing! i took my first bite of the waffle and realized that there were bacon strips grilled into the waffles. my friend, who is a loose vegetarian, looovvveeed the waffles.we also ordered the fries. i don't know what was in the seasoning, but it was bomb! :) i tried a bunch of different dishes as well (to help my friends out... obvi!). the quesadilla, which was probably the size of 4 normal ones, was stuffed with potatoes, jalapenos, eggs and tomato. super flavorful and spicy. the sausage gravy pot pie looked nothing like a pot pie and overly rich with taste. the dish came with a ginormous piece of fried tortilla chip that looked like an upside down sombrero. i think that was the "crust" of the pot pie. the sausage gravy stuff was on top, and we realized later on that the huge mound of mashed potatoes was hiding under the sombrero chip. O_Oafter we were done eating, even though the table still had a good portion of food on it, our waitress entertained us with the thought of dessert... maybe next time.
4	Sweet baby Jeebus! Have you seen their portion sizes???????I will say that again.SWEET BABY JEEBUS! Portions! OMG! FRICKIN' HUGE!Okay, I think that about covers it for this review. My work here is done. Moving on....Oh, you want more? Okay, my brother-in-law saw this on Man Vs. Food and insisted that we try it. And we did. And there is no way on earth any mere mortal can finish a Hash House A Go Go portion. The Husband ate about a quarter (and that's being generous) of his chicken and waffles. I ate about an eighth of a meatloaf sandwich that would feed a small Bavarian village. I mean, I required a small crane to lift the thing. My jaw snapped trying to get an actual bite. The food is tasty comfort food, served large and proud. It's not haut cuisine, but they do enough inventive things with it to make it memorable for more than just size. I kept purloining The Husband's waffles and dipping them in whatever sauce they served it with. They will charge some kind of surcharge if you share a plate, but you probably shouldn't let that stop you if you think you can both settle on a dish to share. It might be best, because there is no other way you will have room for dessert there, and I did want to see if the dessert was as mammoth as everything else.
4	I came here for brunch on my last day in Vegas. My friend and I shared the house hash with chorizo, jalapenos, cheddar cheese & fresh tomato. We also shared ONE Snickers flapjack with two other girls.The hash was delicious! Very well flavored and huge portion size (definitely enough for two people!). But speaking of portion size, the Snickers flapjack was RIDICULOUS! It was about the size of a large pizza... among the 4 of us, we managed to eat maybe 2/3rds of it. Definitely unique! :)One thing I do have to comment on is that the waiter service was incredibly slow... maybe they were just having a really busy day, but our server almost never came around.-L.
3	service sucks at this location, They skipped our name 3 times at the host stand ever after reminding them twice.  Then it took the server 20 mins to take our order, and finally about 20 minutes to get the check after they cleared the plates (having to flag down our server who was chopping it up with her co-worker).  This was also after the lunch rush so it wasn't busy.     Anyway the chicken of the chicken and waffles was amazing, ask for extra syrup an dip your chicken, it's pretty awesome.  I saw the bacon waffle and got all excited just to discover the bacon had no flavor. meh good chicken, but $15 for fried chicken in a crappy diner/ cafeteria atmosphere, i dunno if i'd do it again.
4	Ok i'd give this place a 5 but they forgot to ring our buzzer when they had a table ready..... But the sage fried chicken egss benedict was the bomb! Being hungover and weighing 230lbs I finished about 90% of it hahahaha. The chicken was cripsy they had just the right amount of their hollandaise sauce, the biscuits were light and fluffy. The only thing I would want more of is scrambled eggs. You definately need to come to this spot and grind on some killer munchies hahaha
5	what size portion can a real human actually eat without exploding? i was about to find out. the food here (breakfast food anyway) was absolutely divine! i had the french toast with eggs and potatoes and will all my will, was able to finish it. my gal had a mango coconut pancake and it was bigger than her head. i had to help her finish it (what can i say, it was a severely gluttinous weekend). our service was prompt despite there was a 40 minute wait (we were seated in 10, so don't let that stop you). the coffee was deliciously strong. our waitress was perfect...not overbearing, not absent....just the right amount of both. our travel mate got something with eggs and chicken and hollandaise. it looked terrible to me, but she said it was fantastic. couldn't finish it. and the bloody marys are just as large and just as delicious. this place rocks! very cheap for the amount of food you get.
5	Wow to some of the reviews. Let me start off by stating our experience at the Imperial Palace Hash House was great. Our waitress was great, a little mix up with splitting the bill at the end, but was quickly resolved, mistakes happen, and it was a bit confusing. Ok, to those who rated it so horribly, besides having bad service, our waitress informed us that the wait for our food would be longer than usual because they don't have microwaves or pre-made items, or heat lamps. Therefore the food you receive is fresh and all our food was served HOT. I would gladly wait longer for fresh food than Denny's or McDonalds pre-made items. This place is known for it's portion size. SOOO for people to judge harshly on having huge portions is ridiculous! When the Hash House was on Man V. Food it showed the huge portions, so don't complain especially when the price is not expensive for being in Las Vegas!!!I have eaten at many places on the strip and this by far is one of the best, because of the portions for the price. I had the stuffed burger with avocado, bacon and cheese and their side house salad. It was SOOO good. I couldn't finish all mine, but guess what I took it with and ate the rest later!I will return to this Hash House, and will be trying the San Diego one in the future.
4	my first experience was at the new location at the M resort. All i have to say it was an awesome experience. The food is not like your run of the mill diners.Great atmosphere.Unique and creative dishes. The portions are extremely huge. I was full for 2 days. So you better bring your appetite to Hash House A Go Go
4	Great view..! Very nice place to eat, loved the menu. I chose the Chicken & Waffles, and they did not disappoint. Service was great. Will return and highly recommend.
1	My wife and I were super excited to try this after seeing it on Man vs. Food so we made it a priority to eat lunch there.  We were seated fairly quickly but had terrible service from our waiter.  He took about 10 minutes just to bring me a soda because they had apparently run out of clean glasses.  How can a restaurant of this size, in a hotel of this size, in Vegas run out of clean glasses?Anyway, our waiter kept disappearing for 5-8 minutes a time within the first 20 minutes of us being seated.  We finally got our order in and, no joke, it took 45 minutes to get our food.  My wife ordered the chicken eggs benedict and I got the meatloaf sandwich.  We were never given an explanation as to what took so long.  I guess because it's all fresh and whatnot, but a couple sat down next to us about 15 minutes after we were seated, got their food 10 minutes before ours even showed up and they were gone before us.  Really crappy service from the waitstaff.As for the food, it was good but I think my opinion is heavily skewed by the bad service we got.  If any server or restaurant gives you a bad impression within the first 10 minutes, chances are isn't not going to get much better and you won't be blown away by the food no matter how good it is.  Once again, another over-hyped restaurant experience thanks to television.  I won't be giving this place another shot.
3	Having been to the OG Hash House on Sahara, I wasn't entirely optimistic that they could be as good in the dirty shit palace/rashfest that is the IP.  Came here w/ a party of 10 after 12am...it was dead.  Which was good since there was no wait.  A friendly jersey shore looking dude was the "host" in a white tee & dooky chain and greeted us with a "how many mang?" Service wasn't bad.  Food came out decently quick.  Just be aware that the late night menu is in effect and you can't get the chicken n waffles and other good stuff.  Had the Chicken Benedict, which was basically a pile of eggs on top of fried chicken on top of bacon on top of a biscuit on top of potatoes covered in some cheese and sauce.  Pretty damn good.Portion sizes are still huge no matter what you get, whether it's the hashes or the 1lb burgers, so it'll soak up the juice and then u can go party some more and chuck it up later.I'll come back again since it's on the strip and I want to try some other stuff from the regular menu during normal hours.
2	holy crap please dont' come here unless you know you have 2-3 hours to spend for dinner. the food was okay this time but seriously? an hour and a half wait just for some scrambled eggs?seriously- eat before you come here to eat.
2	I had never been to HH and I think I've figured out why. If I wanted that much food I would go to one of the brunch buffets and get unlimited mimosas. The portions are HUGE. Like don't expect a calorie intake less than 5,500 calories. Even the drinks are huge. HH is known for its bloody marys, minimum size is 20 oz. While I didn't love my scrambled eggs with sun dried tomatoes, goat cheese, and basil with mashed potatoes and a biscuit, others were raving about their biscuits and gravy and friend chicken. Other disappointments are the soggy toast, not crispy potatoes (even though they are famous for the crispy potatoes), over medium eggs being really runny. The homemade peach jam was delicious. Needless to say no one cleaned their plate. The Bloody Maria was typically 20 oz., very spicy, had a green bean, two olives, and a pickle. Good but not great. Service was very slow on bringing drinks, the food, refills, anything. We watched as she had to make six stops after taking our request and actually doing it. After almost an hour wait, then slow service and not great food, I'd say not again. Neat that Man vs. Food gave the place great reviews, probably more for the quantity. And even with the quantity, you are still paying for it (on average $20-$30 for breakfast per person).
5	Hash House is reliable. You can be sure that this place will conquer your hungover ass with the largest plates of food you can imagine. Texas doesn't have anything on the size of the dishes here. The food is immaculate, speaking in terms of Andy's sage fried chicken benedict, It will blow your mind. Get that and maybe the pecan french toast and you and your partner are set.Come here hungry, go for a long walk, take a nap, then start drinking again. Perfect.
3	the boyfriend had ONE place in mind for out first late night meal in vegas HASHHOUSEAGOGO the whole drive there my little-kid-at-heart bf was excited about the chicken & waffles we would be eatting later...as soon as the rest of our group made it to vegas we hit imperial palace. after a walk down a shady alley & a maze of escalators we finally got to hash house!  too my boyfriends VERY VERY VERY severeeee disappointment the chicken & waffles was not served on the LATE menu because we were there at midnite :( omg what a SERIOUS bust for us...the boyfriend was PISSED to say the least....so we ordered him up an arrogant bastard to nurse &calm his dissapointment away...i found the Indiana which was the closest thing for him...it came with sage fried chicken, eggs, potato & a relaly hard biscuit :) & i ordered a blueberry pecan flapjack so he & i could share.the chicken was delicious no wonder the rave reviews and the flapjack was GINORMOUS and off-the- chain yummy!! the whole table could have shared and left full just off of that plate! loved it!i also ordered their watermelon-kiwi drink because my friend Amy did & it was just beyond pretty...but its pretty much just....pretty...haha UNLESS you reallllly like sour stuff (which i obviously dont) after that drink my lips were permanently puckered for the rest of the nite!!service is a win as well!
4	When you come back to visit this place twice in a week for breakfast.. and decide to order the same exact thing for both days... I would say it says something about this place.The consistency of the food and the portions will not disappoint you. Once I saw the Chicken and Waffles on the breakfast menu.... My sights targeted in for the kill.The sage fried chicken is full of flavor and it's food like this that makes me miss living in the south. The addition of the fried leeks gives the dish a wonderful texture and flavor.. and the waffles were cooked perfectly. It was only a few days later I had to come back here to eat it again.Service the second time around was a little lacking, but only because we caught them during a weekend and during the busy hours of breakfast. Nonetheless, the waiter was apologetic and still took care of what he could. I would still come back here.... ugh.. now I want some chicken and waffles...
3	Warning: Another reason why I miss San Diego!I like this Hash House a go-go conveniently located on the Las Vegas Blvd strip on the second-floor of the Imperial Palace Hotel and Casino. I like the bigger venue of this HH Las Vegas location with no wait in the morning. I like the later closing hours at 11pm.There is a full-service bar. There is Keno and a big screen television for sporting events.  But the food tasted like any other casino's diner. If not, worst than the San Diego's Hillcrest location. For $16.95, I had the Crispy Hammered Pork Tenderloin. The dish had a long piece of a crispy Pork cutlet on top of a biscuit, BBQ cream sauce, scrambled eggs, tomato and spinach. My meal: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/f4x1YBxkLrZg652xt2KR5g?select=FRWIO4KonJv9o279SsyKagThis is a very big dish, but the dish's taste-wise was just ok. Like I aforementioned, it tasted like an overpriced casino food. I also had $6.00 glass of Mimosa. At least, they used freshly squeezed OJ along with champagne in this drink. My drink: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/f4x1YBxkLrZg652xt2KR5g?select=TH5sj4h8eY8RxZPgzzphIQI still love San Diego's location and food much better. But Las Vegas has two other locations. Unfortunately, this touristy part of LV is not my favorite. On the bright side, I might return again and maybe redeem myself and try something else instead.
4	5 stars for the food. 3 stars for the service.So I came out at an even 4.Amazing breakfast is had here. I was really excited to eat somewhere other than Subway at Vegas this time around... and the Hash House a Go Go definitely provides a bang for your buck (which is critical when doing Vegas on a budget like I am).But who am I kidding? I didn't even pay for this meal! A good friend did (and that right there IS the ultimate best way to do Vegas on a budget!). Got the HH Original Benedict but veggie style, so without the smoked bacon (got asparagus on the side instead).  The roasted red pepper cream it came with was absolutely Uh-mazing! As were the griddled mashed potatoes! Almost couldn't finish my meal, the plate was so large! Be prepared to get a to-go box and eat the rest after when you're good and drunk :)The service was a bit on the slow side... but it was Vegas on a Saturday morning. A tip would be to come an hour before you actually want to eat and then go gamble downstairs while you wait for a table. Also... i gotta say that the Entrance to the Imperial Palace from the strip is harder to find than one would think. There's some stores and a restaurant in the front that actually obstruct the casino entrance behind.  There seems to be only a vehicle entrance through two driveways, However, the actual pedestrian pathways are next to these driveways... they just looks like shady alley ways. Took us a second to figure it out!
3	The HHAGG is located in the Imperial Palace, which has nothing imperial about it and certainly isn't a palace.  It's the casino in hiding; used to have big street frontage which has been replaced with retail stores and is nothing more than a driveway entrance on the strip.  I find the casino tacky and loud (not in a good way) with its performing dealers dressed like Elvis, Marilyn etc.  They're more interested in performing than being good dealers.  That's a rant for another time.There is almost nothing not to love about this place.  This experience is based on our mid afternoon "brunch" at a time when the restaurant had few patrons, as such we were seated promptly and our waitress prompt and very pleasant.You have to love this operation; large menu, some weird combinations, HUGE portions and reasonable pricing.  I had Corned Beef hash with eggs ($12.95), potatoes, fresh fruit and a very good biscuit, served in a hot cast iron pan.  The CB Hash was great with the large chunks of meat and everything was delicious.  Is this a great moment like when you're in a favorite restaurant and breakfast finally arrives?  No, this place makes dishes that are a happening.   I'd love to work my way through everything on their menu (I love breakfast) but this is an "experience" rather than a great meal.   No normal person (I'm a BIG eater) can finish what they serve. But man, it's so Las Vegas; over the top and good too.A fun place to go if you love to eat (to those that don't, PLEASE call your therapist immediately), and you'll save a fortune not being in the casino. Gambling versus eating; hmm...give me a minute to think that about that!
4	When I told my girlfriends that our best bet for breakfast was in Imperial Palace, they looked at me like I had sprouted a second head. I saw their doubts and thought, "Ohhhhhhh, you just wait...." I think they now know to never doubt the girl who constantly is checking Yelp for recommendations. I started my meal off with their HH Bloody Mary. Ooooooh, so good.... nice and spicy with a green bean and pickle garnish. Hells yes, pickle. BOMB. My friend opted for the BLT Mary, which came complete with a strip of bacon, a romaine leaf and a small piece of white toast. For reals? Yep.I had heard about the Sage Fried Chicken with Waffles (which my friend got and OMGOMGOMG... yeahhh), but knew myself better than to even attempt and instead got the roasted chicken scramble. I seriously love any type of omelet/scramble with chicken, and this was no exception for me. I chose the crispy potatoes... glad I did. The potatoes themselves weren't crispy, but they came with super-crispy bits of the potato skin that had come off in the cooking process. Nom nom nom. Those three words are actually the perfect description for this place.... so I will leave you Yelpers with..... Hash House A Go-Go (yes, even in Imperial Palace)=nom nom nom.
4	A good place to go to soak up your morning hangover.  The portions are HUGE and everything is oversized.  Our friends wanted to come here while in Vegas because they had seen it on Man vs. Food (or one of those shows) and we didn't even have to second guess why it was on the show after walking to our table.  Our friends settled on french toast and granola pancakes which were literally the size of tractor tires as they were described on the menu!  DH and I each got the farm scrambles, I the bacon, avocado, swiss, and onion one which was DELICIOUS and him the ham, cheddar, and spinach which he didn't enjoy as much as mine.  Everyone was satisfied with their meals because there was complete silence as we attacked them!  The fried chicken and waffles looked delicious and I'll have to get it next time.  Juice and coffee were good, service was good, all worth a return trip.
4	Hash House A Go Go is completely Vegas.Everything is bigger and better and visually stimulating. The portions are beyond big...they are massive. The restaurant is on its own floor. The place is always packed and you wait and wait for your food. We probably waited over an hour for a single dish....but at least the Bloody Marys are wonderful. Bacon sea salt on the rim is fantastic! Service was horrible. They exhumed bitchiness. It really didn't kill the experience though. The food was what it was about here. We ordered the Smoked Salmon Farm Benedict. Its starts with grilled mash potatoes, an amazingly soft and yet crunchy biscuit, shredded salmon, crushed red peppers, spinach, and two eggs. All covered in chili cream sauce and asparagus spears. We couldn't even eat half of it. Vegas and gluttony at its finest.
2	Hated it. Even after a 45 min wait for a table, we had to wait an hour for the food. This is no joke. And it wasn't just us it happened to this is the norm. Food not so great.  It was equivalent to Dennys. Sorry but that's the truth!!!
3	Just go.Okay, okay I'll write more.Portions are ginormous.I ordered the salmon/cream cheese hash which comes in a skillet so it stays hot. It was super good. I made the excellent addition of spinach but that cost me $3.95 what the fudge. So don't add anything on without asking how much it would be first. The half tea/lemonade wasn't that good.Also, could they please play some better music? Or not play anything at all.My waiter was cute so I left him my number and he hasn't called, that's why they're only getting 3 stars.I'll be back.The price equals the portions equals the flavor.
4	You gotta try this place out when you're in Vegas!!My roomies and I wanted to check hash house a go go. Heard that the food was delicious!! This place was pack!! Popular joint for tourists and locals. Our wait was about 20-30 mins.  We had asked the hostess if we can look at the menu so we know what to order. We had ordered 2 chicken and waffles, french toast, a giant pancake so sorry dont remember the name and I had gotten the vegetarian meal it was spinach, and mushroom hash.chicken and waffle- Was delicious. The waffle had bacon pieces yummy!!French toast- didnt get to try it but it does look delicious!!Pancake- Looks deliciousMushroom, spinach- Delicious, the potatoes was dry but still edible.Service wasnt too bad!!
3	I have to say, when i first came here, I'd expected that the food would be mediocre and plain since they are at first and foremost well known for their huge portions of every dish. Yes, I was a great skeptic and also I love great breakfast foods. So to say that my judging for good breakfast food would be a bit harsh.However, after trying out the Hash House Benedict, I was hooked. They stack the biscuit, bacon, and mash potato into a large stack with same shredded basil on top, as well as a good helping of their special benedict sauce. I like that little side of spicy red sauce that i did notice until i rubbed that on my food which gave a small kick to it but wasn't too spicy.I would most definitely come back again and try out one of there really large portions. Specially their pancakes.
4	Huge portions.Typical cost for a hash plate is around $15You get enough to serve almost 3
4	Forget the hash, you HAVE TO try the burgers. Oh my. We split a burger with cheese, avocado, and some other yummy stuff. Huge, with lots of flavor. And great fries. It was definitely one of the best burgers ever and you really can feed two people on one burger.
3	My first visit, and even though it's tucked away in the Imperial Palace casino, there can be a wait, with all the tables filled.  Seriously, don't know of many people who visit the Imperial Palace, other than elderly smoking slot jockies; the young crowd that walk through here are making their way directly to Hash House.  So much food!  My buddy ordered the blueberry pecan pancakes, and it was big enough that the size overwhelms the entire plate~ seriously, and it's pretty damn good.  Whole pecans and blueberries tucked into a giant pancake.I ordered the house-smoked salmon with hash, and it was a disappointment.  The salmon was flaked into bits, mixed in with chunks of potato and bits of cream cheese.  I couldn't pick out too much in distinctive flavor from the salmon.  The huge biscuit is great, but I had to ask for a side of butter.  I was left wishing for waffles or french toast. Lots of food, and could easily have fed 2 people.  That goes for the drink too.Like, seriously, the Mocha S'Mores was too much for me, and they charge like $6.50 for it.  Would it kill them to halve the portion and the price?  I only drank half of it.  2 split graham cracker pieces, stuck in a caramelized marshmellow topping the mocha is how I'd describe.  Most kids could love it, but I found it too sweet.  Still, it's fun to look at.Service is decent, considering the amount of traffic the restaurant gets.  Waitress was nice, and all smiles.  I wouldn't be a regular here, but I wouldn't mind revisiting to try something different.  I'll bear in mind I'm buying a meal and tomorrow's take home breakfast in one sitting.
4	Had the Sage Fried Chicken Benedict. Delicious. Just don't try to eat one by yourself. If you can consume the whole thing w/o any help, you may have an eating disorder.
4	I just found one of my favorite breakfast places on the strip.  Wow!  Big portions and won't put a big dent in your wallet.I tried my son's meatloaf...EXCELLENT!I had the HH original eggs benedict (smoked bacon, fresh tomato, fresh spinach, roasted red pepper cream and topped w/ two basted eggs...EXCELLENT!The griddled mashed potatoes was also EXCELLENT.
5	Lived up to the hype! The huge portions can feed 2 people. So they charge if you want to share. But they tell u to just order a side of eggs or fries etc instead to make up the charge. I guess I can cross out Hash House A Go Go off my "Man vs. Food" checklist.
5	Mmmm amazing! 5 girls. 3 dishes. Fully stuffed. Didn't even finish the food. $12 each.First off I would recommend to split many dishes so you can try many thing.Second be prepared to wait. 1 hour wait Satuday at noon to sit. Another 45 mins for our food.
2	From reading the reviews and seeing Hash House a Go Go on TV all the time, I was really excited to eat here.  I ordered a regular bloody mary and the House-Smoked fresh salmon, cream cheese and scallions hash.  The bloody mary was really spicy and put my face on fire, but from whatever else my tastebuds could sense, it was good??  When the hash came out, it looked absolutely gorgeous...then it went quickly downhill from there.  The waitress gave me a disclaimer that the smoked salmon wasn't lox and that it was hot-smoked salmon, which I was fine with, but it was completely dry and lacked any sort of smokiness.  It just tasted like crumbled, overcooked salmon.  The cream cheese helped add some depth to the flavor, but it was just lumped in there.  The potatoes were also flavorless.  This dish really needed some seasoning or some kind of sauce to pour over the whole thing.  The biscuit was good though!  I'd like to think I just ordered the wrong thing and I'm naive enough to come back and try something else.  But, my advice to all of you...don't get the smoked salmon hash!
5	We stayed four days in Vegas and ate there twice!  Yes, it was wonderful - really impressive seeing your truck load food coming and food so tasty.  They really understand taste buds.  Great hamburger.  Great meatloaf breakfast, great chicken breakfast (weird).  Really affordable American cuisine.
5	absolutely nothing to complain about. went to vegas this past weekend and was with 2 friends. one of them mentioned this place so we decided to try it. i had the chorizo hash, it was so tasty, spicey and delicious. i also had a bloody mary that was amazing. one friend got the chicken with waffles which were awesome and beautifully presented. the other friend got the artichoke hash, this was the lightest of the meals, and also tasted great. it is a lot, i mean a lot, of food per plate. i will go back.
4	With a room full of Robuchon gifts leftover our fourth day would have been an easy one to sleep in and eat breakfast in the room - but why do things easy when there are so many great places to dine in Las Vegas?  Despite my multiple trips to Sin City in the past I'd regretfully been without a car on past visits and as such never been able to visit the local legend of "twisted farm food" - Hash House A Go-Go.  Having heard that a third (the other in San Diego) location of the famous spot had recently opened in the Imperial Palace and waking up early as ever we made our way to the restaurant around 8:00am without reservations and found only 3-4 tables occupied. With late eighties classics blasting we made our way to the hostess podium where we were greeted by a young lady clad in jeans and a HHAGG shirt who led us to a four-top big enough for eight - no doubt Hash House does everything big.  Taking a seat we were soon greeted by our server, Noelle, a pleasant young woman who was substantially more cordial and efficient than necessary at such a restaurant (a good thing, for sure.)  Menus in hand we were left to decide while a mountainous eggs benedict passed by en route for another table.  Hilariously enough, while we were waiting a group of six young men approached the hostess stand and then left because "oh man, we thought this was a buffet."  Clearly they'd not seen the portion sizes. Sitting and chatting while coffee, water, orange juice, and tea were filled we decided to order only three items and share them around.  With prices ranging from $7-$17 we were informed that one of us would have to pay a $2 split entree fee - when I chuckled saying okay the response was "you'd be amazed how angry some people get about it" - clearly I'm jaded.  Sitting back and listening to Rock You Like a Hurricane while sipping the surprisingly good coffee the restaurant slowly filled up. Arriving in less than 20 minutes the portions were precisely as expected - enormous and delicious looking.  With a sweet, a savory, and a "dessert" there was too much food for four people.  Beginning first with the Blackberry Granola Flapjacks, my sister's choice although I'd lobbied for the Snickers Flapjacks, the pancake itself was enormous - literally the size of a car tire in diameter though thankfully not as thick.  With ample warm syrup and butter to spread there was really nothing subtle or nuanced, it was just good cofort food and the sweet blackberries worked nicely with the crunchy honey granola.Perhaps the most famous Hash House dish would be my order - "Sage Fried Chicken stacked with our famous bacon waffle, hot maple caramel reduction and crowned with fried leeks."  Golden and crispy the chicken was amply accented with sage and actually quite delicious.  Stacked above and below four golden waffles loaded with whole strips (not small bits like other places) of salty bacon and topped with crispy leeks plus a sauce that was much more maple than caramel I have to admit that this was a huge portion of food.  While clearly not as subtle and refined as Bouchon's chicken and waffles I actually much preferred this to Roscoe's famous Los Angeles version and the less famous option at DC's Founding Farmers.Our dessert would be Andy's famous Bread pudding topped with ice cream and served with a cup of coffee.  With the coffee alone costing $2.50 on the menu this bread pudding is the deal of the breakfast menu at a mere $7.95.  A portion easily large enough for two hungry people or a family of four to share after dinner the pudding was essentially a black and white coffee cake that would have filled 3/4 of a standard loaf pan.  Buttery and rife with chocolate the steaming hot pudding was then topped with melted Snickers bars, doused with chocolate and caramel syrups, then piled high with two large scoops of vanilla ice cream, whipped cream, and crumbly brown sugar.  Like the other choices there was nothing subtle about this caloric monster but honestly for all its audacity it was really quite good.Settling the bill (about $14 each after tax and a 25% tip) and returning a large portion to the kitchen (we still had P.U.B. leftovers and the Robuchon basket in the room) we thanked our service team and made our way to the door accompanied by Eddie Van Halen's Eruption.  Generally a fan of refined flavors, elaborate cooking techniques, quiet dining rooms, excellent service, and great food Hash House A Go Go wasn't exactly my kind of place - but the service was excellent and the food was pretty darn good.
4	One thing I truly love is a spectacle. Doesn't matter of what, just as long as it provides me with some visual entertainment. With food, I love seeing the large and outlandish, quality is secondary and not expected but is always welcome. During my Vegas research, Hash House seemed the perfect spot for just that.Organizing a party of 10 for breakfast in Vegas can be quite challenge, but luckily, everyone was late at about the same time. We actually didn't even have to wait that long for a table once our entire party was there. Once seated, the drink menu led me to my first show; a BLT Bloody Mary;http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/f4x1YBxkLrZg652xt2KR5g?select=_-fQlooq5QREsociXJU7YwCrisp toast, bacon, lettuce, and a tomato wedge all garnished this liquid meal. My first instinct was to smash all the solids into a pulp and mix them into my drink so I could suck down the slurry through the oversized straw. Luckily reason found me and I simply made a mini sandwich to munch on while sipping the well-made drink. I pondered ordering the famed tower of chicken and waffles, but I had a hankering for gravy that only gravy could satisfy. I ordered the biscuits and gravy at the recommendation of our server, based on my request of something large covered in gravy. After an expectedly long wait, our food began to pile in. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/f4x1YBxkLrZg652xt2KR5g?select=bPvsgg04sxgX91PJmswpQQThe biscuits were surprisingly light and fluffy and the gravy had about a pound of diced sausages in it. It was definitely something that would stick to your ribs. I also tried a bite of the "stuffed" burger and was very let down. We were expecting the ingredients to be cooked in the meat, not just placed between two over-cooked patties. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/f4x1YBxkLrZg652xt2KR5g?select=xjtwgwuEKBkjvO0-k80eKwOverall though it was a fun meal with food better than I expected. Service was attentive to our huge party and I think everyone had a good time. I'd go back.
3	Came here a couple of weeks ago to try out the chicken and waffles.  We waited about 20 minutes and then were finally seated.  The waitress would not look me in the eye and instead only spoke to my boyfriend...weird.And then when I asked her if a salad had spinach in it, she responded with "are you seriously asking that?"  What??? How is that not a legitimate question when it didn't state it on the menu.  After that I decided to ignore her and enjoyed my meal.  I got a breakfast scramble and my boyfriend got the chicken and waffles.  They were everything that everybody has said about them.....huge, delicious, crazy.Right after we ate, we immediately had to take a nap.  So be prepared to go into a food coma if you come here and look out for mean waitresses!
5	Tried this place again.Fast & friendly service.Chicken & waffles was bomb.  Fried leek  were really flavorful.Had a side of sausage (very tasty and not very fatty).Had the tractor's combo.  Pancakes were fluffy and huge.Love this place.  Definitely a foodie must try.
3	I was in search of a neutral location for a family "reunion" of sorts and our original idea was a brunch type venue. I've heard various things about Hash House A Go Go but more or less the reviews were great. I have nothing spectacular to report about the service but I'm appreciative to the wait staff that allowed my crazy Italian family and I plenty of time to catch up (thanks!). The food. WOW! Talk about HUGE portions! I ordered the chicken salad "sandwich" with mac and cheese as my side. I must say, the mac and cheese was some of the best fatty food I've had in a while! The chicken salad was dwarfed by the extremely large pieces of Texas toast it was jammed in between. All in all, my family enjoyed their selections and I thoroughly enjoyed the mac and cheese portion of my meal. I would definitely visit this fine establishment again, I probably wouldn't order the chicken salad sandwich though...just sayin ;)
3	I decided to give the Hash House A Go Go at Imperial Palace a try since I had already visited the one on Sahara Ave.  Given the past reviews of how mediocre this location was, I took it with a grain of salt and set low expectations.  And in a way, it helped.The restaurant is definitely much smaller than the Sahara location and it did feel a little congested.  It might have been because I sat at the bar instead of a table.  Also the vibe of the restaurant felt different maybe because it's on the Strip with more tourists whereas the Sahara location was more laid back.  The really good thing though is that their prices are pretty much the same so no inflated Strip prices here.After tackling Andy's Sage Fried Chicken Benedict last time, I decided to try their Sage Fried Chicken and Waffles (http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=F_5_UNX-wrAFCXuAkBZRDw&select=9bcLmRftsqxJ9ISx6atDlg). Boy, did I totally underestimate how doughy those Bacon Waffles would be.  I was a little bummed out that I didn't get too much syrup, but I was too hungry that morning to wait much longer.  I didn't think I did too bad though, I managed to leave just two waffles behind =).  The Chicken sadly was overcooked this time so overall I had a really doughy and dry meal.  If I had to choose my favorite between the Chicken and Waffles or the Fried Chicken Benedict, the Fried Chicken Benedict wins hands down.  Much more flavor and not very dry thanks to the Chipotle Cream Sauce.I probably won't be coming back to this location again unless I happen to be at Imperial Palace with a huge hunger attack.  I think I'll stick with the Sahara location from now on.
3	I liked it enough, but my boyfriend thought it was sloppy. I got the Chourizo Hash and he got the HH Original Eggs Benedict.Now we're not terribly healthy people, so my boyfriend's "sloppy" feedback doesn't have anything to do with him being offended by the portion size. Trust me, he ate the whole damn thing Man vs. Food style. I guess there's just food that MAKES you fat and then there's food that makes you FEEL fat just by looking at it.Our waiter told me that the Chourizo Hash was the best hash they make, so that's what I got. It wasn't terribly spicy... pretty much perfect. Maybe too much for a hangover cure but good as a brunch item otherwise. The portion was huge and the potatoes were excellent.My eggs were severely undercooked for over-medium... shoot, they were undercooked for sunny side up. I ate them anyway with no ill effects.I enjoyed the presentation of mine (obviously the boyfriend was nauseated by his) and you definitely get plenty of quality, creative food here... but... I just can't vouch for it.
4	Great place, I would recommend the chicken and waffels. You can share this with someone as the protions are huge!! My friend had the pancakes and they are gigantic!! The food and service were great. Since it is such a popular spot the wait can be long, but it is worth it.
4	My second time coming to Hash House I tried the location at Imperial Palace. I tried the French Toast...oh my goodness the best I have ever had! They are topped with banana cinnamon cream w/ pecan maple syrup! My first visit to HH I tried the Sage Fried Chicken and waffles and it was ok, but the french toast is much better!! The portions are very large so it is a good idea to share :)
4	First stop on the Hang over train was Hash House A Go Go. I came here with a few friends after hearing about it and was skeptical about dining at the Imperial Palace after once having to stay at the hotel. I ordered the HH Original Farm Benedict... You cant go wrong! If your not hungry then don't come since the portions are large. The presentation is nice but once you dig in it becomes a huge mess but it all ends up in the same place anyways. I must say after having Hash house i've been craving to go back here. Another alternative to HH is Tractor in San Diego which is across the street from HH. Both places are amazing and if you have the chance try it out.
4	Hash House's food was fresh, tasty, and everything had a good twist on traditional "home cooked" food. Not to mention, the service was spectacular on both visits. Our group of 10 dined at Hash House twice for breakfast while in Vegas over Christmas. Staying at the Flamingo put us just a quick brisk walk to the Imperial Palace and up the escalator dedicated to Hash House. Getting to the restaurant before 9AM both times, the staff was easily able to accommodate our large group. The restaurant was largely empty that early, but did begin to fill up around 10AM. Our servers, on both occasions, were courteous, efficient, enthusiastic, and even charming. For me, that can really put a dining experience over the top. While the food was VERY good, being The Griddle cafe fanatic that I am, I cannot give Hash House 5 stars. Their pancakes (snickers) and french toast did not compare to the deliciousness that is The Griddle. BUT, the Sage Fried Chicken and Waffles is note worthy. Perfectly Fried Chicken breast that were very moist with a crisp, not overly salty, crust hinted with sage was probably the best fried chicken I recall having (although I rarely eat fried chicken). The waffles were inventive with the strips of bacon entwined in the batter in stead of bacon bits mixed in the waffle. This was perfect as the bacon didn't overpower, but accented the waffle and still gave you the satiety of have two strips of bacon with your meal. The maple reduction tasted more like balsamic, but really highlighted the dish and I recommend using the sauce on your food and not avoiding it. It was just YUM! My boyfriend and I split the dish and it was perfect for two people. The next visit we split the french toast which was just as huge with a griddle banana that was still in the skin split atop the super thick sliced bread. The banana was disturbing at first being black from the griddle, but was actually delicious and perfectly cooked. It went well with the french toast. Many people at our table went with the Tractor Special, which was well received and the most traditional style breakfast item they offer. No one tried their hash, sadly. Any meal on the menu, if you can split it with someone, DO IT! Our server was nice enough not to charge to $2.50 split plate charge. I do think that Hash House is a "Must-Go" while in Vegas. But, sorry, HH, you're not The BEST. xoxo
4	If you are sick of buffet for brunch, or even for lunch/dinner, Hash House is a legit alternative!Generally I go for the buffets on Sundays during my stays in Vegas but friends and I decided to try something different.  We all had Hash House in SD so decided to try out the Vegas strip location.Two of us ended up getting the Sage Fried Chicken & Bacon Waffles.  Yes it's as crazy as it sounds :]] Fried chicken and thick bacon waffles then topped with hot maple caramel reduction and fried leeks. Sage on the chicken gives it such a different flavor and what better way to start the day than with fried chicken??  Bacon waffles are filling and the little bits of bacon is a nice smoky touch from the sweetness of the waffles.  The maple reduction and fried leeks are good just by itself. I can drink a gallon of the maple reduction and just eat a salad made of fried leeks.The other two went for the Sage fried chicken benedict. Fried... chicken... benedict!  It comes with fresh spinach, hardwood smoked bacon, market tomato, griddled mozzarella, chipotle cream and scrambled eggs. What a healthy way to start the day huh?Hash House's specialty is what it markets itself as: twisted farm food. It's nothing gourmet and definitely not the healthiest breakfast food around but it's fun, delicious, savory, and guaranteed you won't leave hungry!
5	We went around 8pm on a Sunday night.  No wait.  We had a great waitress.  My wife was not very hungry and ordered a small house salad.  The dressing was great.  I ordered the chicken pot pie.  It was INCREDIBLE!  You have to see it to believe it...lots of white meat chicken breast.  They included lots of vegetables including:  carrots, corn, spinach, broccoli and mushrooms. It was served in the home made crust that looked like an upside down cowboy hat.  Inside the crust and on the plate was the best mashed potatoes I have ever eaten.  This is a must dish in Las Vegas.
2	Came to this Hash House in Imperial Palace because we wanted to avoid the long wait on the one on Sahara.  There was no line when we got there and there were plenty of seats opened, but it still took 10 minutes to seat us.  After we ordered our food, it took 45 minutes for us to get our food.  When we got our food, it looked like our food was made a while ago and the mash potatoes started to form a cold layer on top.  The food was still OK even though it wasn't as warm.  But after all that waiting, I lost my appetite.
5	DELICIOUS!  missed the Man V Food episode, but followed a cousin's recommendation.  Service was great, wait was about 15 minutes for two of us, on a holiday Monday, around noon.  prices are very reasonable, portions are MASSIVE, and the "Man V Food" Chicken benedict is fantastic!
3	Last two times I went to Vegas I came here. Both times it took forever to get our food. The waiter kept on disappearing on us. The Chicken fried eggs Benedict is worth the wait and a huge plate too. Both times I had to share with someone or I would have been in a food coma. It has a good crunch and spice mixture.
3	The only reason I gave it a 3/5 was the location at the shitbox that is Imperial Palace. I despise that hotel. It stinks, and you can easily get lost trying to find the restuarant.  Aside from that, prepared to come early cause after the popularity of Man vs Food this spot has become known. Portions are huge. I had the fried chicken eggs benedict and brown sugar banana pancakes. Let's say after I devoured it, I probably should've napped for hours. It was very delicious and pretty affordable compared to a Vegas buffet or something. Would like to try the location a little off the strip from Man vs. Food episode.
5	Hash House A Go Go is a gimmick restaurant and that gimmick is huge portions (pancakes the size of frisbees and gianormous plates of chicken and waffles) and "twisted farm food." I have to say within that gimmick Hash House A Go Go executes excellently.I stopped by for breakfast on a Saturday morning. The wait was pretty long (45 minutes to get seated and another 45 to get our food) but we were given an accurate wait time and warned about the wait for breakfast when seated so I felt okay with the wait.I ordered the Tractor Driver Combo with a Snickers flapjack. The Snickers flapjack is a frisbee sized buttermilk flapjack with pieces of Snickers thrown right into the pancake. As the food arrived I could see the little Snickers craters throughout the pancake. Again, this is a gimmick, a candy bar baked into a pancake, c'mon! But I'll have to say, I thought it was delicious. Enough to think I should keep a Snickers bar in my pantry for all my pancake adventures.Is this the greatest restaurant of all time? Nope, but if you're in for the gimmick of big food that's over the top in its presentation, Hash House A Go Go will definitely deliver. I was also impressed by the Bloody Mary that my friend ordered that had a strip of bacon in it and was served with a side of toast. Truly a brunch appetizer as much as it was a drink.
4	Saw this on our TV in our hotel room on one of those vegas channels.. decided to come here after looking at the menu online. Came here around 3pm and no one was there which was nice since we didn't have to wait. Our waitress was super nice and offered up a bunch of suggestions. I got the fried chicken benedict and the boyfriend got biscuits & gravy. The portions are epic. Way too big for one person - probably even two. My meal was good although the mashed potatoes and the plate were awkward and I didn't like them paired with the rest of the items on my plate. The chipotle sauce was amazing. Fried chicken was good, eggs very good. Overall it was good but I'd definitely get something else next time. The boyfriend really liked his biscuits and gravy but didn't like the mashed potatoes on the plate. He thought that potatoes did not go well with the biscuits and gravy. So I guess we both felt the same way about the potatoes :/
3	Sweet Jesus, the portions are ridiculous.  I know it seems fun to have a large amount of food set down in front of you, but for shit sake they have got to waste so much food here.  We had a wait about 25 minutes, but that's alright.The place was packed, but the service seemed to be decent.The food is presented in a very attractive manner but it's just so much it makes my stomach grumble even before taking that first bite.It's quite simply the type of meal that looks good on the plate, but makes you feel like crap afterwards.This meal will run through your 30 feet of digestive tract faster than you can strategize how to make it to the John. Good luck.  Ps- This is in the Imperial Palace (not the nicest "resort" on the strip).
1	Its over rated! we had the mushroom hash, pancakes with a side of bacon, hot chocolate and tangerine juice.  the hot chocolate tasted like it came from a gas station , the artichoke hearts and sun dried tomatoes in the mushroom hash totally clashed, and the pancakes were so think i needed to follow every bite with some water! the bacon was rubbery, too!the tangerine juice was yummy! but i ordered a small and a large came ( score!!) but the damn server still charged me for a large! i mentioned it to him and he didn't budge! best save your money
3	Definitely gimmicky. Don't get me wrong, the food is good but not amazing, yes the portions are enormous, what this place is all about and it "looks" great but that is pretty much where it ends. I ordered the Meatloaf skillet (pictures included). The meatloaf was lacking any "homemade" flavor and was fairly bland. The potatoes had a good crisp to them and the eggs were cooked well. The one great compliment I will give as always is the biscuits. Huge, warm and tasty and don't forget the strawberry jam that is in the little metal dish, center table. Service was quick, was there a little after opening. 2nd time visit to this location in Imperial Palace(the parking is a maze, be prepared)
5	WOW! Where do you start on a place like this? The beer selection loaded with tasty microbrews at reasonable prices? The bloody mary menu of 5 different kinds all better than the one before it? The large portions where your flapjacks come with a very small side of eggs and potatoes because there aren't plates big enough for them? Maybe start out with the fresh squeezed juices or their own coffee beans? DO NOT LET THIS PASS YOU BY!
5	Amazing foodTry the chicken and waffle
5	So...the wait sucked at this place, but NOTHING else did...this was awesome!  Anyone who has read other reviews I've posted knows I like one meal above all others, breakfast.  Though my trips to Indiana have led me to believe that there is little redeeming of that state that borders mine to the southeast, but the Hash House A Go-Go may be it's greatest export.  We had large group, so I'm sure that didn't help the wait, but the 2.5 hour breakfast we had was absolutely belly bustingly amazing!  Our waitress was pretty aware of our wait and did a nice job to make sure our group of 6 was well cared for and not waiting long for things like coffee and other refills.  She was also helpful in ordering.  If it's your first time there, I recommend ordering (or talking someone else at your table into ordering) the Chicken Farm Benedict.  This colossal tower of food was a sight to behold.  I went for the Tractor Driver Combo.  The TDC was two eggs (over medium), bacon, wheat toast and my choice of pancakes, french toast or waffles.  This would normally be an easy choice (pancakes), but this place isn't your ordinary breakfast joint.  Far from the ordinary, the pancakes, french toast and waffles here are the size of a large platter.  And, with flapjacks like Blueberry Pecan, Brown Sugar Banana, Blackberry Granola, Snickers, Butterscotch Almond, Apple Cinnamon, Mango Coconut, Strawberry Frosted and granola waffles or banana cinnamon french toast...forget-a-bout-it...this is the real deal.  My choice was made slightly easier when I saw Brown Sugar banana pancakes.  I think that banana pancakes rank up there with precious jewels, gold bullion and other fine items that ought be cherished.  This was a banana pancake on steroids!  It was incredible.  It was soft on the inside, crispy and caramelized on the outside and delicious everywhere.  If I could have finished the one that I ordered, I would've contemplated ordering a second.  It was worth the gut busting pain that was likely to follow.  Seriously, if you're in Vegas, and you have the time to wait for a seat, get to this place for breakfast.  Book some time before, and after, as you'll need to wait to get in and head back to your hotel for a food coma afterward.  This was a great meal and the perfect start to a 24 hour day in Las Vegas.
5	One of the best breakfasts in Vegas!We were lucky that there was no wait when we ate there. The hype is true, you won't be able to finish your pancakes here. I had the blueberry & pecan pancakes and they did not disappoint. Whole, real blueberries and pecans in pancakes isn't something you want to pass up. I had the bloody mary and no pre-made mix here.  It was spicy without being too salty, just right.  They even puree the tomatoes fresh for each drink.Service was great and fast, they refilled my coffee and water right on time. Waitress was really friendly too. If you eat breakfast here you won't be hungry til at least dinner!
3	If you're looking for comfort food in big portions, this is the place to go. Don't be impressed with it's location, because it's in Imperial Palace, lol. The wait is pretty commonly standard, 30 minutes for a group of 8.  I had chicken and waffles.  Don't expect Roscoes, but expect MASSIVE presentation. I loved the chicken because it was chicken breast, perfectly breaded and fried.  And you can't go wrong with waffles!!! As for my drink, I did pretty "gangsta," Bud in a brown paper bag, that's how they give it!If you're hungover and craving a good hardy dish, this is the place to go!
4	We stopped by on our way out of town at the Imperial Palace location in the strip.  The food was quick and fresh.  Wife and I split the sage chicken with waffles and I threw in a 24oz bud in a bag in the order.  The chicken has great flavor and is moist. Waffles with the bacon cooked into them are awesome as well.  Great place and relatively reasonable if you split an entree. Unless your a big eater I suggest you share.
2	Hash House A Go Go in Imperial Palace YOU SUCKFirst off your staff is rude!! Unpleasant and you can tell they didn't want to be there.  Don't give your customers stink faces or stare them down.  Secondly make sure you serve food without hair.   Our friends found a cute little curly hair in their meal.  They did end up taking it off the bill but seriously it ruined every ones appetite.Lastly, the portions are large but they don't compare to the portions in SD.  I kept telling everybody to be astonished by the portions.. They weren't!! Maybe I'm just getting fat or i eat too much but i remember the portions in SD were humongo! We had to take 3 boxes full of food last time! The food was good, just not as good as the one in SD!! SHAME!!!  I would have given you one star, but the yummy Andy's sage fried chicken saved your rating. THUMBS DOWN! I'll be making another trip to the SD location!
2	This place was a roller coaster ride of excitement and disappointment. When I was randomly looking for lunch places in Vegas while my ladyfriend was at her conference this place popped up. Having just watched Man vs Food and seeing this place I figured what the hell, let's try it out. Looking at the prices for lunch I knew it would be a gamble, but this is Vegas, so let's bet it all!I was by myself so I sat at the bar and was serviced by a pleasant enough spikey hair lady behind the bar. No problems here.I ordered the chicken and waffles because that's their "specialty" and it should fill me up from about 11am til dinnertime.It arrived quickly in all its visual majesty. It really is an impressive tower. Check out my pic, it's like #250 in the yelp list. Four large waffles topped by a 4 giant pieces of fried chicken. This is going to be awesome I said to myself.Then, I started eating some of it, and my joy turned to sorrow. Sadly, the fried chicken had no flavor. I don't think I've ever had flavorless fried chicken, but this place somehow pulled it off.Next, the waffles. There too was a I disappointed. They were really bready and had none of that malty waffle goodness. I had to ask for more syrup just to make the whole thing edible.Yes, it is a gigantic amount of food, but for $16, it better look AND taste good, and this wasn't the case. This was my most expensive lunch $20+ and also the worst. Sometimes you bet it all and lose it all in Vegas...
4	Awesome food. The servings are huge.  I had the cornbeef hash and it was so good. I highly recommend this spot.
3	I arrived around 9am and waited about 5 minutes to be seated (I didn't want to sit at the counter). The staff was kind but not overly available. My intention was to order the chicken & waffles but changed my mind at the last minute. Instead I ordered the banana french toast.  It was very tasty but I could only eat 1/3 of it. Partially because I was full but I also got tired of the flavor. My eggs were overcooked. I really liked the tangerine juice, but again the small size would have been sufficient due to flavor overload. If I could have eaten it all it would have been a good value. I will go again but will pay the $2.50 to share a dish with a friend.
2	Horrible service from the wait staff. The food was just as good as the original location but service SUCKS!!!!! I ordered the Chicken Benedict and they ran out of biscuits. Instead of telling me, they had the nerve to serve it without and try to sneak it past me. Our table of 6 received our food one plate at a time over the course of 20 minutes. What is even funnier, is that the last item served was a salad! I will only go to the original location from now on, this one blows.
4	Got the chicken and waffles and a "Bud in a bag", led to this restaurant by the Man vs. Food series.  Worth the wait, this place had amazing portions that most mortals could not finish.  The only negatives were a mildly friendly wait staff and walking through a smoky casino maze to get there, but if you come to Vegas, you must eat here!
4	I went awhile back, but didn't get the chance to write a review yet so here we go!This was my first time here and my family and I walked here all the way from Excalibur. That was a super long and cold walk! So once we finally got there, we were all starving! There was like 14 of us, but it didn't take long for us to be seated so yay! Me and my sister wanted to try the sage fried chicken and waffles for sure so we decided to get to different items and we would just split it. What we got:Mildford Fried Chicken Sandwich($13): it was huge! I could barely eat half of the sandwich and my sister couldn't even eat it at all. It was just too much food for the both of us. As for the side dish, we got the basil pesto crispy potatoes. Those were delicious! It was so good I kept scraping the bottom of the dish to get all of the sauce. Yummy!Sage Fried Chicken and Waffles($19): ...that was delicious too! The chicken was full of flavor and crunchy...yummy...The waffles were super thick though and that's the reason we got full so fast...We did however finish the chicken, but not the waffles. I loved the fried leeks on there was well. It was very flavorful and even though I was stuffed I still sat there chewing on that as I waited for the rest of my family to finish. Or well...attempt to finish all their food.Service:Great! Our server was super friendly and my baby cousin really wanted fruit so our server saw that so he personally went to get him some fruit! It was so sweet of him and you could see the smile on my baby cousin when he brought it out. Overall, everything was great!
3	When I came to Vegas a few weeks ago, I was extra excited to come to Hash House. I've already tried it once before but what I had (to me) tasted really disgusting. It just seemed like a bunch of things mashed together and shoved into a togo box. This time around, I had the chicken and waffles and it was DELICIOUS. My boyfriend and I ordered our own separate portions but thankfully (and ironically=P), the waiter forgot one of our orders so we only had 1 order of the chicken and waffles and skipped out on the omelette plate. The portion was perfect and our chicken was cooked to perfection!Why only 3 stars?1.) Right when we started eating, a drunk lady made her way outside and threw up in her hand and then on the floor. Yes, I know this isn't Hash Houses fault but it still was disgusting.2.) The restaurant itself is ugly and dirty looking.3.) Their TV's are so small and old school.4.) There are a bunch of tables but they wouldn't let our party of 8 sit at our preferred tables because "no one is assigned to that area". All 8 of us were then sat at 2 small circular tables that were pushed together- and yes, it was VERY crowded.5.) The food took forever to make. The glass of water I had had a fruit fly in it. Gross.Would I come back? Probably only for togo.
5	You know when people write " this place has big servings", and you go "yeah yeah yeah whatever im hungry ill eat it all...." well this place has impossible to finish gynormous servings that can serve three on one plate. So  don't be a fool, and share your plate with your date. And oh yeah the chow is good.did i say good- i mean frickin awesome.  take it to the bank
4	An extra star for the novelty value. This place has an awesome menu that gives American comfort food a sophisticated twist. The food here is good, not great but the appeal is the insanely HUGE portions. This is definitely a place to try at least once, just to see the unreal tower of food.Tourist tip...these portions are so big there is no way you will come close to finishing it. Unless you don't wind throwing away uneaten food, I would share entrees. This is not the kind of food that you can take back to your hotel. Don't be that guy that stinks up the entire floor of your hotel with the nasty smell of your leftovers, which you probably wont even eat.
4	It is in the IP Hotel, however, it was a great meal!  There were three of us and we ordered 1 appetizer and 2 entrees.  A salad that I can't remember and the Quesedilla and the Pork Sandwich. Both were amazing!  We saw the Chicken and Waffels come by a few times and it looked awesome. Second time there just 2 of us ordered the bone-in Rib-eye, Oh Yumm!   Everyone we spoke to loved it!  Had a marvelous experience both times we ate there.  Surprisingly wonderful experience!  Enjoy!
3	Hungover much?Hungry much?Will eat anything as long as its edible?If you answered 'YES' to any of the above, this place is the place for you. Its A WHOLE LOTTA food per person and has the hometown favorites - fried chicken, corned beef, scramblers - pretty much all the comfort foods you could think of. Although if you were to eat all of it, you would definitely not be so comfortable! The food is, to cut right to the chase, not very good. So if you're looking to just eat because you're hungry and would eat anything so long as its food - then go here. Its a good experience overall too - just go to see how much food a restaurant could possibly give you on one plate. In terms of portions, Hash House A Go Go has surely made quite a feat!
3	OMG never again.The service here is friendly and quick. I also noticed that they don't write any orders down at all.They have a wide selection to choose from. They give so much food here, it's ridiculous. You are bound to not finish everything in one seating and it's a best to share, unless your a beast like that.After a night of drinking and being hung over... and after eating here, I couldn't feel any worse. It felt like I was going to have a heart attack haha.
4	Portions are HUGE! me & my friends went after we were done shopping, so of course by then we were STARVING. one of the girls heard about this place & said we HAVE to try it. So we went & when the meal came out we were like HOLLY CRAP! ITS HUGE! we should have known, since when we sat down the utensils were pretty much the size of my face. So by the end of our meal each of us ended up taking a to go bag, & we all had something to eat after the club that night. :] & yes the meal was still goood. OH make sure when they ask you which side you want i think its the pesto potato? not sure, but yeah ask for that, that was DELICIOUS!
4	Okay,  the portions here are HUGE!  Come here ready to eat a lot!   I came here with a $25.00 restaurant.com certificate (that I bought for $2), great deal by the way. I ordered the Fried Chicken Benedict and the BF ordered the Bacon BBQ burger.  The food was amazing and man I felt like I was gonna have a heart attack after I was done.  There was so much fried chicken topped with gravy, scrambled eggs, and more gravy with biscuits!  The burger was huge and the meat was super thick and juicy.  The bacon hung over the patty!  Yum!Needless to say, we had plenty of left overs that we took back to our room for later....Even after all that we found room to order dessert.  OMG, the best peanut butter cheesecake I've ever had.  We even convinced the tables around us to order it, because it was that good!  Oh, and one slice was plenty for two.  Actually any of their meals is good to share.Can't wait to go back and try their fried chicken and waffles!
1	Life's too short to eat bad food and this place wasted an hour of my life.  I ordered the Chicken Pot Pie.  What was put before me was not a twist on a classic but a total insult to a classic.  A large portion of food was thrown on to a platter sized plate to make you say "wow" when you see it.  I did.  Partly because I thought I had received the wrong dish.  Then I tried to eat it.  A dinner plate sized "cracker crust" that was about 90% inedible.  The crust had the texture of a medium/hard jerky.  I couldn't even cut it with a knife and fork.  Seriously.  "Cracker Jerky Crust" might be more accurate.  At the bottom of the pile there was some mash that was just mash.  Slopped on top of that was the "filling" that was OK.  Lots of chicken but there better be for the price they charge.Evidently no one on the tv shows that I've seen ordered this dish.  I saw a picture of it in the photo section.There are a lot of good meals to be had in Vegas.  Don't waste an hour of your life at this place.
4	My husband and I heard rumors that a Hash House a Go Go was put inside of the Imperial Palace and were eager to try it out. We liked it but would definitely share portions next time. This was a little insane, even when you're hungry! The biscuits are a sure thing. Go for it.Read our blog for pictures if you want.
3	Awesome portions but some of the dishes are bland. The pan cake was delicious and their bisket and gravy.
3	This place is just... okay. Hence, the three star rating. First, the food comes in absolutely ridiculous portions, which are great for the price. However, you will come to realize that you probably won't even be able to eat half of your meal. I had the snickers flapjacks, which were good but soooo sweet, I had to order a side of bacon just to counteract the sweetness with some salt (I also love sweets, so it takes a lot for me to think something is TOO sweet). My boyfriend had the meatloaf hash, which we both thought was really delicious. We also ordered some speciality coffees, the smores mocha, and another mocha-type drink I can't remember the name of. Both were good, but didn't come out of the kitchen until we were almost done our meals. This brings me to the pretty bad service. Our waiter was nice, but he was soooo slow and maybe checked on us once the entire time we were there. Although - he did seem to be serving his other tables just fine. Overall, the food is okay/good and the service is blaaah.
1	Like most of  the Strip, Hash House A Go Go is a glitzy imitation of real things: of real food, of good service, of a real restaurant.  Hash House... substitutes sound and fury for anything substantial.  Long waits, mediocre food, and bad service hardly merit a one-star rating.The imitation chicken and waffles are laughably bad, though grandiose to be sure--oversized portions served on a giant platter.  Eggos are far better than the waffles I sampled, and the dessicated chicken proved barely edible.  The enormous pancakes fared just as poorly in my opinion.If you want good chicken waffles (I'd say exceptionally good.) go to M&M Soul Food on Charleston in Las Vegas or Hard Knox Cafe at two locations in San Francisco.As a matter of fact, if you want real food at all, stay clear of Hash House A Go Go.
5	Food is over sized so make sure you share with someone. Food is great and not greasy
3	I love Hash House but this location is inside the Imperial Palace which literally made me want to shoot myself. Parking is a pain in the ass, and walking through the disgusting casino is a chore in itself.This location is open until 11 during the week unlike 9 for the Sahara location which is why I went here. The menu is exactly the same yet the kitchen was a bit slow considering there were less than 10 tables in the restaurant. At least our server was nice! I know I'll be eating my meal for the next 3 days as well. Get the BBQ ribs, they are amazing!
5	My new favorite breakfast place.  Had the corned beef hash, the kids got the waffles with bacon in the middle.  The yummiest part was the espresso with a scoop of ice-cream.  Love it here, a good treat once in a while!
3	We went to sahara location in this morning.( Andy T, Jieun L, Oliver, Nino and myself) Menu has lots of variety.Yes portion was HUGE, but taste was so so.The service was good. New Trainer did good job. He checked us oftenly and asked refill my coffee from time to time.Their one of drink Lomonade Mimosa was pretty good.I ordered The Tractor Driver Combo. I got two eggs and bacons, and waffle. I chose Granola waffle and this one was tooooooo chewey.Even I couldn't cut  well with my knife. So I barely finished 4/1 peice.I poured syrup on top of waffle but it dosn't work well.I made to go for that leftover waffle.I guess I'm not going to finish left over. It will be more chewey tommorrow.
5	Whats up with these portions?? I felt like a lil fat hungry kid at the table. My pancake was about a foot in diameter making the large sides of eggs and crispy potatoes looking miniature in comparison!! Glancing at the size of the meal i knew i wasn't going to be able to finish it all and thought "something this big can't taste good??"...right?? Wrong, the food was great. I do recommend the french toast over the pancake but it was good, good enough to remove the hangover i had. Our server was chipper and she had lots of jokes which made the experience even better, i think her name was Denise?
4	The tagline for the joint is "twisted farm food," but it really should be "good food writ large," with emphasis in the "large." Hash House can't do anything small. But that's OK. The quality does not suffer from the size of the potions. I have had the 1 lb. stuffed burger here multiple times. Note: Before attempting, skip breakfast & lunch. I get mine stuffed with cheddar & bacon (skipping the avocado), one of three varieties. It comes with a steak knife and a sprig of sage stuck on the top. Tip: Use the knife; you cannot eat this burger whole. The burger is good beef, cooked just right. The side of fries is huge and they are cooked just right. The drizzle of BBQ sauce and the sticks of something add a nice touch. All-in-all, a burger, fries, and a lemonade will run you just over $20 (with tip) and will leave you with a good taste on your tongue, a warm feeling on your belly, and no need to eat for the rest of the day. I had a breakfast here too, a chicken breast deep fried with a maple glaze, grilled mashed potatoes with bacon, and two eggs w/ fruit & a biscuit on the side. Once again, the dish was huge. The chicken breast was magnificent. The biscuit was flaky and huge. I could not finish. I passed on the overpriced OJ to keep the cost below $15, but once again, this is a meal that can last you the day. Hash House dies not try to be pretentious, like so many Strip establishments. It's hearty food, and while the prices seem Strip-like (that is, 50% higher just because it's in Vegas), the amount you get easily justifies the prices (at least for the food; they must make their nut on drinks, where even soda prices are stratospheric). This is a destination place to ear when you are in Vegas.
3	Had breakfast here about two hours ago. Still full as all hell. Your server will tell you, as will the menu, that the food takes a while to cook. They aren't kidding. I went in hungry, and was ready to bite off some heads by the time the food was brought to our table. No worries, they were very attentive along the way in updating us on the status of their clearly heavily-burdened kitchen and bar staff. Service is top notch, atmosphere is very laid back (I had dress shoes on and felt a little bit douche-ily overdressed). Portions were very very large. This is not the kind of place where you order more than one entree "just to try" different things. Get one plate per person, expect to share and still have leftovers. One thing I noticed is that everything was very light on the salt. Some might appreciate that, but I prefer everything salty. Salt is as essential to a man as testosterone. I found myself slathering everything in salt and Tabasco, but everything was quite tasty after that.All in all, a good place I wouldn't mind coming back to, but not quite four stars.
4	Having seen this place on Man vs Food it became a must try for me on my next trip to Vegas. I walked quite a distance to come here, all the way from the MGM Grand where I was staying. It was well worth it. The portions are as big as they say. I am quite a big eater and I would have had to eat until I was sick to make all gone here. I had the Fried Chicken Benedict and it was very good and a bargain for the $14 price. My wife had a scramble which was actually a reasonable sized portion. The wait wasn't too bad and the service was not as slow as people make it out to be. Definitely a destination spot on the strip. Otherwise I never would probably ever set foot in the Imperial Palace.
4	The scene was a sunday morning breakfast. or was it a midday snack? Honestly in my obliterated state waltzing around indulged in my liquid heaven I was told, "We must eat here."We arrive and play a few hands at the Casino Below I'm at this point out starting to grow hungry. The attentive casino bartender delivers our first drinks. My drear friend walks up stairs to put our names on the list as we are nicely handed a pager. Pagers are a genius invention by the way. The moment they buzz your face lights up not knowing what is about to happen.The service was perfection. A tad of the ol' hard rock and roll meets the occasional drunk but he was patient. Gave a little sass but wasn't a complete asshole to us. The food now that's an understatement. If you come here and order for one, chances are you've ordered for a table of friends. While my company finished their plates, I couldn't even stomach my entire plate or drink.... Rolling out with a full belly and even more grateful buzz. Yes, I will be back.
2	I have to say that the Hash House in San Diego was a lot better. The only reason i gave this place two stars is because i had a lot of fun due to the environment of the restaurant. First off... its in one of the cheapest hotels on the strip. I was surprised that they actually chose the imperial palace as their location. I think it would fit better in the planet hollywood or hard rock hotel but thats just my opinion. This place was very crowded but that does not excuse the poor service. Other locations are equally as busy but still manage to provide decent food drinks and service. The drinks here were so so and the food was alright. The service was piss poor. Half our food barely made it out and when it did it was incomplete. To speak on behalf of the Hash House brand... Hash House has a crazy odd menu with large pizza pan size pancakes, bag of bud light and bacon, giant biscuits with gravy, and excellent bloody marys. Its definitely worth a try.All in all, If you want interesting food and in large portions this is the place for you.
2	I've been to the San Diego branch and couldn't stop raving about it.  So the girls and I were very excited when we found out there was one on the strip = perfect way to recover from all the partying over the weekend.How wrong we were.Incredibly long waits, even after we'd already been seated.  Waitress just seemed very harried with the crowd, so we were happy to chill, but really, 30min before we could even place our order was a bit much.Finally received our food and it was mediocre.  We ordered the corned beef hash, chicken and waffles, and french toast with the bananas.  Of the 3, the french toast was the only one that was decent, though the SD version was better.  Portions are definitely huge, so probably a good place to go when you're still buzzed (ie impaired taste buds) and have a serious appetite.
4	Love the Restaurant.com 80% off deals! $25 gift certificate for $2? Minimum purchase was $35. It was easily done with 2 people. My friend and I came here on early Sunday afternoon and it was crazy packed! We put our name down with a wait time of about 30mins. We stood around and started looking around the place and reading the restaurant.com gift certificate. I asked my friend if she read the exclusions prior to coming and she said yes and that everything should be fine. I looked at it and saw "dinner, dine in only." We then decided to leave and come back for dinner. I am actually glad we did because when we did, there were no lines! We got a table immediately. We ordered the famous Andy's Sage fried chicken and waffles $18.95 for dinner compared to the $15.95 for breakfast/lunch.We were given 2 complimentary biscuits which was really filling. I couldn't help but to finish it because our main course took forever! When our chicken and waffles finally came, we then knew we should've shared instead of ordering our own. It came with 2 pieces of chicken stacked with 4 bacon waffles. It was topped with sprigs of rosemary, crispy fried leeks and drizzled with maple syrup. The syrup was really light and not too sweet. The bacon waffles were cooked perfectly. It retained its crispiness even with maple syrup drizzled over it. I love how the bacon was inside the waffle. It was tasty! I am regretting that I didn't even get to finish ONE waffle! I was too full from the chicken :/ next time, I'll bring my husband so he can devour his & MINE. For 2 ppl = $21 with restaurant.com gift certificate. Can i get a Hell Yeah!!?
5	We all loved this place! We had no wait for a table and our food came out pretty fast. They do not have their own restroom and in my hunt to find an open one in the casino I returned to discover that our food had already arrived! My husband had the pork tenderloin benedict and boy was it massive. He only finished a 3rd of it. My mom and I split the tractor special with cinnamon banana nut french toast. It you are sharing an item there is a $2.25 charge unless you order a side dish so I ordered my own side of scrambled eggs. What this meant was we each had our own eggs and one BIG piece of french toast, half a grilled banana and she ate both pieces of bacon. We also shared a fresh squeezed tangerine juice which was unusual and very good. My mom said it was the best french toast she had ever had for what that is worth! Our server was Travis and he was nice and helpful with suggestions since this was our first time here. I think he may have psychic powers since he suggested exactly what we were looking at in addition to the popular chicken and waffles. They sell the same shirts that the servers wear for about $16 and they have a variety of hats that I think are $21-ish. If you are interested in buying any merchandise tell your server as they can add it to your total bill. Otherwise, you will be like us and making a separate payment at the bar after your meal is over. The sign said they have a lot more items than what they seemed to have in stock. Bottom line: interesting food and atmosphere. Something different than your run of the mill chain restaurants. I really liked it.
5	Wow great food.   Large portions I suggest you share a meal.   The waitress was the best!We did have a wait of about 20 minutes but well worth it.
4	Giant Portions - Very good for the priceGood Service - the food takes some time though.
3	Atmosphere: Modern/stainless steel meets rustic charm (i.e. stainless steel tables with little wheat flower arrangements and rustic looking pictures).Dress: Seemed like a variety of people. I would say snappy casual, though I don't think they care either way.Food: wow! One plate filled both of us - we had the sage chicken penne pasta - it was great. There were two breasts, more than enough for two and it wasn't half bad either. Huge portions.Service: Server was nice, asked if we wanted anything - the wait time for the food was pretty long though.Room service: not that great. still big portions, but not impressed. was wondering if the quality goes down because you order in. Also, $3 convenience charge. Didn't like the breakfast hash at all. Our friends had the flapjack which was the size of the entire plate and very thick - fed three girls - it looked really good.
1	Food poisoning for both me and my partner. It was our first meal in Vegas after eating a bagel that morning for breakfast from our house. She got the fried chicken benedict and I got some kind of monsterous chicken sandwich. It was good going down but it ruined 2 days of traveling.
4	This place was tasty...Though be really aware that the portions are way to big.We all shared our meals. The drinks are great as well.
4	three full grown men shared two plates.  and we had some togo. The fried chicken is decliious. the most crispy buttery tasy chicken i ever bit into.  the taste is more asian however.  tasted more like garlic soysauce Korean pub fried chicken. But still it wad fried perfectly and delicious. we also had the meat loaf hash.  the meat loaf was really tender and juicy but it just didnt hasve enough flavor to it.  ketchup needed.
5	I came across Hash House A Go Go from their spotlight on the 702 TV show.  The television show spotlights local hot-spots, clubs, restaurants, etc.  The first time I saw them on television, the portions were huge (think Cheesecake Factory) and the food looked absolutely delicious.  Unfortunately, I didn't get a chance to visit the eatery until my next visit to Vegas.My friend and fellow foodie were dead set on having Hash House for Sunday breakfast before he had to hit the road.  As we made our way to Imperial Palace, I was already drunk an it was only 10 or 11 in the morning.  After parking in the garage, we made our way into the casino and after asking some staff for directions, we made our way towards Hash House.I was pleasantly surprise that there was no waiting time for our party of two.  After a few more shots, I glanced over the extensive menu and settled for my guilty pleasure of french toast.  My fried ordered some variation of eggs Benedict.  The food took about 15-20 minutes to get to our table and we were both with smiles.The french toast arrive an were beautifully presented and resemble a presentation from the Food Network.  The french toast were dense, yet fluffy and were nicely griddled to a golden brown and dipped in banana cinnamon cream with pecan maple syrup.  The french toast were mouth watering and undoubtedly the best tasting french toast I've ever had.  In addition to the fluffy toast, caramelized banana slices accompanied the delicious toast.Hash House A Go Go is a food experience that will forever be embedded in my mind and taste buds.  My friend's breakfast was equally up to par and gave him an equally satisfying food coma.  If I had to compare Hash House A Go Go to something it would be The Cheesecake Factory, but more intimate and with a mom and pop diner feel.  Oh Hash House A Go Go, how I miss you.
4	I've had this place bookmarked for a while since seeing it on the travel channel.  Opted to go to this location instead of the OG one cuz it was closer.  I wasn't expecting much cuz we all know how grand IP is!  But whata ya know, they had the whole top floor transformed and it was all about this restaurant!  That was cool!  Props to the designer!We went a little crazy and ordered 3 entrees for the 2 of us!  Well I had to have the popular sage chic/waffles and I wanted eggs!  So we ordered the scrambled eggs jalapeno hash and turkey egg hash, along with the sage chic/waffles.  I gotta say the presentation of the sage plate was cool and the bacon in the waffles was a cool touch, but the waffles weren't as light and crispy the way I like them.  Anyway, we had a box of leftovers to take back to our room so that was fine.Service was good and friendly.  Cool spot to try but other than that, I wouldn't go out of my way to come back.
4	After we place our orders, we start getting nervous.Two plates come out of the kitchen. The waitress is obviously having wrist issues carrying them. What looks like eggs benedict is placed in front of another diner. I watch as he panics, having prepared no strategy for a serving of these proportions. I start to panic: I ordered the eggs benedict, too. We should have shared something, we lament. A couple has chicken and waffles deposited before them. It has a huge steak knife impaled through the mountain of it. It appears they are pulling out their phones to bid their family members goodbye. Or to take pictures. They might not make it through this.I had asked our waiter about the "fresh-squeezed" orange juice. His response is the reason why he's awesome: "the box SAYS 'fresh-squeezed,' but ain't nobody back there squeezing oranges." Thank you, Lonzo. I'll have the lemonade.And then. Our food. Arrives. Just as I had feared: a bed of potatoes topped with 2 dense biscuits, topped with poached eggs, topped with a slightly spicy sauce of heart-attack doom. I look at the boy; he has his own concerns. I can almost see him beyond the pile of meat hash deluxe-ness before him. I tell him I love him before we start in.A few pathetic minutes later, we've done all we can. Lonzo knows the symptoms. Still, he refills my bottomless hand-squeezed lemonade, later providing a to-go cup when it becomes obvious I have no more stomach room to give. In my deliriously bursting state, I think back to an innocent time, before we placed our orders. To all of the things we had planned to do that day, the shops we would visit and the sights we were going to see. It had once seemed possible. Now we just want to live to see beyond our stomachs again. Every day it gets a little better.
5	OMFG.Like seriously, omfg.I had to have texted my friend just those four letters at least 5 times because this place was better than I could have imagined.This was seriously one of the best breakfasts I have ever had. Ever. My boyfriend & I saw this place on one of the tourist channels in the hotel and they mentioned it had been featured on Man vs. Food. Now, we both enjoy watching that show but have never had the opportunity to try one of the places where Adam has gorged himself so we knew that we simply had to try this place before we went back home. And in my opinion, it could not have been better.First, I had fairly low expectations for this place because it is in a pretty seedy looking casino on the strip. I mean, I had never even heard of the Imperial Palace let alone knew that it had such an awesome restaurant hiding inside. Also, it was known for having huge portions which typically means to me that the food is going to be just ok.I was totally wrong.The restaurant itself is actually very nice compared to the rest of the casino. It's really spacious and clean, and they play AWESOME music. Also, aside from your average orange juice, they offer tangerine juice. WHO ELSE DOES THAT!? No one, that's who.My boyfriend and I were already loving it just from those two things. For breakfast I ordered the Tractor combo which I got with two over easy eggs, sausage and the Brown Sugar Banana pancake.That's right. This was no boring old plain whatever pancake with some bananas sliced on top. This was a HUGE effing pancake with a beautiful crust of brown sugar goodness with at least two whole bananas cooked into the massive cake. OMFG.Drool. The delicately flavored moist and fluffy cake gently embraced the bananas as they were surrounded by delicious little pockets of crunchy brown sugar. I was a little closer to heaven with each bite. The eggs and sausage were also stellar, perfectly cooked with surprisingly very little grease. I was very impressed.My boyfriend chose the Man vs. Food favorite which was a ridiculous benedict of mashed potatoes and biscuits topped with fried chicken, scrambled eggs, mozzarella cheese and some veggies covered with a chipotle cream sauce. It was HUGE. Definitely the Frankenstein's monster of benedicts if I've ever seen it.It was also very tasty though. The chicken was delicious, again surprisingly not greasy at all. Especially for fried chicken. The chipotle cream was flavorful with a good amount of heat and all the veggies were super fresh. The service was also spectacular. Our waitress was super friendly and our food was brought out very promptly, even though she told us that our dishes may not come out at the same time. She told us they don't use heat lamps so they want everything to be served right when it comes out so it gets to you nice and hot. That is fine with me! This place definitely deserves all 5 stars. Great service, fantastic ambiance, amazing food and HUGE portions. I will for SURE be coming back to this place as soon as I can. I would even drive all the way out to Vegas again just to come to the Hash House, it's that good. Next time I HAVE to try the Chicken & Bacon Waffles. Yes. They have bacon waffles. OMFG.
3	There's a few locations for Hash House but we opted for the one in IP as it was closest to our hotel.  The wait for our party of 6 was pretty short maybe 15-20 min.  We were seated and I decided to share the chicken and waffles. We placed our orders and this is where it goes down hill for me.  We waited probably about an hour for our food.  Now being that you're hungover and starving this does not make for a good combo.  When all the food finally arrives the portions are larger than life.  We go from starving to grossly full and disgusting.  The food was tasty but the wait was not worth it! We had to walk back to our hotel after our meal and then we all took a two hour nap.  Food was ok, service was good, wait for food is ridic!
4	If you are in Vegas, after a long night of partying this is the place to go! The portions are HUGE and completely worth it. If you are a total rewards member you get priority seating, which is AMAZING! I ordered the omelette while my friends got a chicken benedict (I think) and it was honestly it was delicious!
4	Really enjoyed this place. Portions are so big I think my chicken benedict must have weighed over a pound and a half. My girl had this bbblt that must of had half a cow. Usually with food portions so big the food sucks but its not the case here. I used to stay at the imperial palace when i was younger cuz it was cheap so be ready cuz its a dive casino but I still love gambling there. Hey besides you can always get a 100oz 4shot drink right outside at Rockhouse.Cant wait to bring all my boys here next time out.
5	This place always has a wait but it goes by pretty fast.  The portions are big enough to feed the whole family. I love the watermelon lemonade.  I'll defiantly make this place a tradition on every Vegas trip
5	Imperial Palace is nowhere special overall but there is ONE place inside that is worth raving for and it's Hash House A Go Go.My husband and I got into LV early and had to wait a couple hours for our room. I have heard nothing but great things about the food here (other location is at M Resort off strip) so we decided to check it out. Hostess asked us to wait 20 minutes and exactly 20 minutes later, our table was ready (not bad for a Sunday morning). Music was a tad too loud for me for a restaurant but nothing too major.Husband ordered the basic breakfast (two eggs, bacon, toast, and potatoes). I ordered the corned beef hash breakfast. Both servings were HUGE! The value is unbeatable... great food, big portions, for a decent price. Both of us loved the food. It was warm, tasty, and cooked perfectly. We didn't wait too long for the food, which surprised me considering how packed it was. We both had orange juice and it was freshly squeezed and refreshing. Wait service was good as well.Be sure to try their homemade jelly. Wow- delicious!Don't miss this place next time you're in Vegas.
3	Got the chirizo hash - ehh, just OK.  Split that, but I ordered biscuit and gravy which was pretty tasty and large on it's own.
2	O-V-E-R-R-A-T-E-D. Seriously? I mean, it was good for breakfast/brunch but it was NOT as amazing as everyone raves about. We waited about 45 minutes alongside every other person awake in Vegas at 9:00am on a Saturday. After we were finally seated (6 of us), we looked around at so many empty, clean tables! Very odd.I ordered a scramble (came with a biscuit, melon slice, and potatoes) and the serving wasn't that incredible and I almost ate it all (I'm 110lb and petite). My potatoes weren't hot and my melon wasn't ripe. It just wasn't that impressive. The only thing I did enjoy was the coffee. Tasty coffee!Overall--I would eat somewhere else or maybe visit the Hash House off the strip? Maybe Imperial Palace cramps its style.
4	Had to visit this place after seeing it on Man vs. Food.Portions, as already stated by every yelp review on this place, are GIGANTIC!  Each entree must be at least 5,000 calories and 10 pounds, but hey....when you're in Vegas, who's counting?!?Ordered the Sage Fried Chicken Benedict.  The deeper I dug into it, the more surprises I found.  Fried Chicken....then eggs....then spinach.... then tomatoes....then biscuits....then mashed potatoes....then waffles, all swimming in gravy.  SO GOOD.  I almost devoured my entire plate...and I'm a little girl.  Everyone was impressed!  Gluttony at its best. =)
3	Hey Guys! I just wanted to take some time and share my experience at this place inside the Imperial Palace. 1st of all i just want to say that the imperial palace is really old and looks very tired and grungy do not let that stop you from eating here.... I had the eggs benedict and its was AMAZING!! the food is huge!! i had it with mashed potatos and a lemonade/orange mimosa!! Now even tho this place was good i probably would not go again it was more like a 1 time thing for me. Still need to try like 100 other ones!The food is too big and i always end up giving the left overs to  the less fortunate who sit on the bridges/streets.( sooo nice to see them smile )The food is great but location and atmosphere i did not like.
5	The service has been much better recently. I've been seated promptly and my server has gotten my tangerine juice out right away.
3	Yessssir. Break-feast! LOTS of food. HUGE portions. Its open early, a great place to start your long Las Vegas day. The various Benedict's they offer are a sure bet. I had the one with salmon. My man the one with fried chicken. The mimosas were strong and we didn't have to wait for a table, though we did get there at 8 am. (Unheard of in Vegas...)Visit if you want a big breakfast.Skip if you want something cheap and quick.
5	Farm food with a twist! I like! If this is farm food from Indiana, then I'm going to love Indiana!I didn't expect this place to be THAT good. We ordered the Corned Beef, which came with two eggs, roasted potatoes, biscuit, and fruits. The other plate we ordered was the Andy's Sage Chicken with maple reductions, two eggs, bacon mash potatoes, biscuit, and fruits. WOW! The portions were ridiculously huge! The service was quick and friendly! There needs to be a Hash House A Go Go in L.A. or Long Beach!
4	This place rocks! One thing I noticed though was you get completely enveloped by the size that in a way the food is not that amazing.tweet about this place and you get a free drink of the day
4	Here we go with another superfluous review of Hash House a Go Go.  We all know it, it looks like most of us love it.I seriously thought I was going to die during my wait for a table at Hash House.  My weekend in Vegas was coming to a close, and none too soon.  I killed more brain cells than I want to consider, and I was so ill from overconsumption that I could hardly sit up without battling the urge to hurl.  It was gnarly, at best.  I am so glad I waited, because Hash House magically cured me.Take my advice - if you had some errors in judgment during your Saturday night in Vegas, spend your Sunday morning by trekking to the Imperial Palace, wading through the smoke and celebrity impersonators, and taking the escalator to Hash House a Go Go.  Order a coke, and pick a skillet.  I suggest the chorizo.  Devour it.  Then go blow $50 in the penny slots and consume a hair of the dog that bit you.  All will be right in the universe again, trust me.
5	They have the best BACON WAFFLES!!  Portions are huge and the prices are so reasonable for a restaurant in a Casino!
5	My fave spot in Vegas. A must go to spot if you hungry the portions are CRAZY BIG! Chicken and waffles... BOMB. MMM!
4	Hash House is considered the most famous breakfast place in Vegas, so I couldn't really pass up trying it on my most recent trip. It doesn't fit in very well with Imperial Palace's oriental theme, but that didn't stop us from coming in.Eater beware: the portions are HUUUUUGE. Our friends made the mistake of ordering a dish for themselves, and left at least half of it. Thankfully, I decided to split a dish with a friend, so we ended up finishing it all.I ordered the infamous Safe Fried Chicken & Waffles. I really didn't know what to expect, so I was surprised when I was served a sculpture. Yes friends, this was a work of art. Four waffles beautifully arranged with two chicken breasts skewered on top, covered with shallots and other garnishes. The waffles didn't have too much syrup on them, which is exactly how I like it. To my surprise, there was bacon cooked into the waffles, which was a pleasant surprise. The chicken was pretty lightly fried, which I enjoyed as well. The crust was sweet, but not too sweet, which was a good contrast to the savoury chicken. Overall, a great must have experience if you've in Vegas, and not too pricey at all. Service is a bit slow on weekdays, but you're going to need to take your time with these portions.
1	My first review ever. The short version: Rejected dive hotel buffet scraps recycled at a Hash House A GO GO.There were 6 of us in town for my bachelor party weekend. As a fan of San Diego's Hash House I happened to convince my party to check out HH LV at the Imperial House. The service was the absolute worst with the consensus on the food being mediocre (mediocre only because some had nothing to compare Imperial Palace Hash House to). It was so bad that I need to write a review.Here's how it went:Fist, ever sit for breakfast after a night of hardcore binging only to yell your order to the server? The loud music became very apparent when the waitress felt compelled to ask, "huh," "what was that," "can you repeat that," for just about all six of us at the table. This was a problem for the hung over amongst us. Next, a friend whom doesn't eat meat asked for a substitution for the ham, sausage and/or bacon options. She politely says to him, "No, I'm sorry. We don't really substitute here. Usually people will order their food and just not eat the meat." The friend of mine follows with, "soooo, no fruit... nothing?" "No," she replies, "sorry." This was a bummer for a person who's never experienced the real deal Hash House. Sadly, it continues downhill.We order our food. I got the Basic Breakfast which included eggs (I asked for over-medium) with bacon, potatoes and a side of biscuits and gravy (layoffa me I was starving!!). A couple people ordered the chicken (dry) and waffles while others had omelets and various other items. Two of us receive partial meals while others had complete orders delivered. At this point in time, the ice water's are dry while our server is MIA (she was overly chatty with the two/three tables she serviced). I received my side of biscuits and gravy and continued to wait for the rest of my food. Two others at the table sat without any food or water. Then the rest of my food comes. Low and behold, the eggs were undercooked (perhaps she would have heard me say over-medium had the music not been so loud?). The clear slime made the eggs inedible. The bacon was tiny, shriveled and cold (SD HH is huge, thick-cut deliciousness). The potatoes were not Hash House rosemary style potatoes. Rather, they were dive-bar buffet status potatoes that sat under a heat lamp for hours and far too hot to eat. Then, I discovered the clear like gelatin chunks in the only thing I thought to be edible, the biscuits & gravy. This was utterly disgusting. Meanwhile, as most of us are more than half-way through our breakfasts, we realize two of us at the table had yet to receive their meals.Finally, our server breaks away from her story telling at other tables to check on us. I informed of the two missing meals. She runs in to check in the kitchen and comes back with our order slip and asks us what we're missing. She falls back to the kitchen; comes back to apologize, and carries on to her other tables. In the end, we get our meals while I borderline on losing my cookies all over the table. The server only deducted my meal from the bill and we happily leave the joint.Thanks for reading.
3	I really didn't want to try this place since I read another review regarding other dishes, but my friend just woke up and missed brunch, so we headed over and I basically went to watch him eat since I was still full. He was deciding between the Sage Chicken & Waffles OR the Sage Chicken Benedict. The waiter said the chicken Benedict is most ordered and was also on Man vs Food. He ordered the Chicken Benedict and within minutes the monstrosity came out. It was an epic proportion and I can see why this was on Man vs Food. Our waiter told us all the plates were huge! (It is for 2-3 people to share!)I'm not a big eggs Benedict person, so I wasn't very enthusiastic when my friend said he needed help. The layers of mashed potatoes, biscuits, bacon, eggs, fried chicken topped with cheese and chipotle sauce was messy, sloppy and did not look appetizing at all. I squeamishly tried to get some of everything at an angle. I started with mash potatoes and it was somewhat good. Much better than what I expected.  For the portions and the price, it is worth it for the strip.
3	We waited a good 45 minutes for our group of 12 to be seated. When we walked in, there was plenty of open tables...They make their meals fresh and from scratch so it took another 25 minutes until we got our food. By this time we were definitely starving. I ordered the hash with artichoke hearts, mushrooms, and some other vegetarian stuff since I gave up meat for Lent. Maybe it was the dish that I ordered that made it just okay. They serve it so fresh, it comes straight from the frying pan. lol! Portions are huge so grab someone to share with. Want to come back to try something different...
5	A breakfast lovers dream!!I had heard of this place before but since the closest location was in San Diego I soon forgot about it until someone told me I had to go while I was in Vegas. I'm so glad I took that advice!The portions are HUGE. I have a pretty big appetite and was able to split my meal with a friend and was still full as all get out! We shared the french toast tractor combo which came with eggs and bacon and it was probably one of the best french toasts I've ever had! (Even better than Kimmie's coffee cup and I LOVE their french toast). Anywho they dip it in some kind of banana cinnamon cream which is to die for.My cousin and her friend split the vanilla waffle combo with potatoes and that was just as yummy. Even after my stomach was aching from all of my food I still could not pass up a chance to try that wonderful waffle!If you're in Vegas and looking for some delicious breakfast you have got to go here.. we even made a to go order for breakfast on the way home. It made the drive a little easier :)
3	As I am sure is the case with many, my boyfriend and I were made aware of this place through the Travel Channel's Man v. Food show.  The host visited the Hash House a Go Go on Sahara, and he tried the fried chicken eggs benedict.  My boyfriend was hooked--when we went to Las Vegas at the end of last month, he insisted upon a visit.Fortunately for us, we discovered that there is a second location in the Imperial Palace, which was right down the street from where we were staying.  In order to check on the times when certain food is served, my boyfriend repeatedly tried to call them with no answer at least the first two times.  The restaurant is easy to find at the back of the casino and up a specifically designed escalator.  There is plenty of room to wait with seating for customers, and we only had to wait for about 15 minutes on a Sunday afternoon around 12.  The hostess staff, presumably the same group that ignored our phone calls, were a little unprofessional, preferring to congregate and gossip rather than seat patrons or help in the dining room.  The atmosphere in this restaurant is TERRIBLE.  The walls were covered in this industrial metal sheeting, which made it look like a warehouse.  It also amplified the noise in the room, which would have been invasive even without this design flaw.  It is clear that this restaurant is designed to make people feel uncomfortable enough to eat and leave as quickly as possible.  Clearly this worked as no patrons I observed lingered over their ample meals.Waitstaff was friendly, but service was a little oblivious.  It took 20 minutes to actually receive a bar drink, and I think we saw our waitress three times during the entire experience.  We also lacked silverware.The food was pretty good.  The sizes definitely live up to the hype.  I ordered the chicken salad sandwich, and it was huge.  The bread was the best part--it was homemade and thickly sliced.  The chicken should have been in smaller chunks, though, and it was a little tough, however, the combination of light mayo and tomatos really did add something to the sandwich.  The side salad had clearly been sitting in the fridge a bit too long and should have been discarded rather than served, but the cucumber dressing was a very refreshing accent.  The best entree by far was the fried chicken eggs benedict, which did not disappoint.  It was huge, layered with fried chicken, eggs, fried cheese, biscuits, and mashed potatoes, and topped with chipolte cream sauce.  It was an amazing combination and a huge entree.This is definitely worth a visit, but it may not be worth a return.
3	This place is really popular in San Diego. My husband and I have been trying to eat at the one in San Diego for a really long time but the wait is always so long. We were in Vegas this weekend with Family and wanted to finally try it.  It was located inside Imperial Palace on a 2nd floor of the hotel. Imperial Palace is not the nicest hotel but when you finally make it to the restaurant the decor is nice and the restaurant is pretty big. My husband ordered the Sage Fried Chicken and Waffles and we both shared it. We specifically wanted to try it because we saw it on Man vs. Food and saw Adam try the dish. The dish is definitely way too big for one person so sharing is a MUST when you go to Hash house.  It was very tasty and the chicken is not oily so it was a plus for me!  The presentation of the dish was definitely cool:).  The waiter said the wait for the food after we ordered was 45 minutes since it was made from scratch but  it came out after only waiting for 10 minutes. 3- stars for the service for me. My husband ordered a bloody mary and they completely forgot about it and we ended up cancelling it all together. I really liked the food so I think I will try it again in San Diego.
4	Good food!  Their mimosa was excellent.  Also, the B.L.T. bloody mary was pretty good!  toast could have used some work but other than that, i was a fan!  Had the veggie hash...great!  A little too much sun dried tomato for my taste BUT the potatoes were awesome!  We waiting approx 15 minutes so not too bad.  The waiter Richard was great!
3	My friends and I came on a friday morning and the wait was only 15 minutes or so. Really not bad at all, seeing as how when I tried to come back on saturday with a different group of friends it was a hour and a half wait.The food was good but not worth that type of wait. I ordered the chicken and waffles, which were on all the advertisements of this place. The serving size is the real star of the whole dish: four large waffles and two huge pieces of chicken skewered together by a steak knife. The chicken was fried well but tasted bland, nothing to really write home about. The waffles were interesting in that the had two pieces of bacon inside of them. Again the waffles were good also but nothing spectacular. I prefer quality over quantity but this dish really exemplifies quantity.The atmosphere of the place is what would be expected of a diner with a rock flair to it. It was fun to see all the celebrities that have come through this place though. They have autographed pictures on the wall in the waiting area.Our waiter was friendly when he was around but that was few and far between. It seemed like it was too busy for him to provide the service that you would expect. I don't think anyone at my table got a refill on any of our drinks.Overall, I'm glad I at least tried this place once and I would eat at it again...but I wouldn't wait  any longer than 15 minutes. Vegas has plenty of places that serve better food albeit smaller or normal sized portions.
4	Yummmmers!!The portions are huge, and the presentation impressive. The food suffers a little due to the large portion size, but just made sure to eat half and bring the rest home. Heat up the leftovers and eat it with tabasco sauce or siracha. Then its all good.
3	hash house a go go? more like hash house a slow slow, M I Rite?actually I M not Rite, while we were waiting for seating we were confused as to what the holdup was because the restaurant had empty seats. but it turns out it was maybe our fault because we never told them our whole party had arrived (though our point man claims he did).Anyway once we sat down the excitement started to build, especially when you see other table's orders arrive. This place is designed for people that eat with their eyes.Sadly when the food arrived, as a whole it was disappointing. I had chicken/waffles and it was a good rendition but not the best. Other people got other things and while everything looked great on the plate, the general consensus was that the taste was lacking for everyone. Too bad.For the vegas strip, you could pay a lot more and end up with a lot less so I'd say it was an ok experience. I'm told the other Hash Houses are better so maybe this one is just lacking.Bathroom was borderline nonexistent, you have to go downstairs and use the casino bathrooms. I didn't have to a go go, so I didn't see it.So in conclusion, the place was more like Hash House a so-so.
2	huge plates of really cheap filling food.  If you're going for quantity you'll love it...if you care about the quality  go somewhere else
5	Great food!! Must try!!!
4	portions are crazy!!! so make sure u share!! food was super good for being so much too ... i will definitely make it back to try more...of course i'll have to go on a diet for like a month!! if i wanna eat here.... cause that's how much weight i'll probably gain back in one meal ...
3	I hated the service here. We got seated quickly but apparently, the hostess never told a waiter we were there and we waited for about 15-20 minutes until we finally asked a waiter when someone was going to serve us. We saw the waiter tell the hostess and all she did was walk off. Then about ten minutes later, the waiter comes up to us and says, "well, since no one else wants you, I'll go take your order." Seriously? He said it in a joking tone, but I still thought it was rude. The food was alright too. I don't know what all the hype is about. I guess the portions are really big and the presentation of the food was nice, but it's not like the taste was extraordinary. If you like quantity better than quality then this place is for you.
5	Well worth the 45+ minute wait (and the 30 minutes of trying to find the entrance to the IP... and navigating through the casino to find the restaurant).  Well, well worth it.  The chicken fried benedict was quite simply the most perfect breakfast imaginable.  My boyfriend, from the South, even said the fried chicken was better than his - HUGE compliment from the most particular eater I have encountered.Our table of four ordered the chicken fried benedict, French toast, chorizo scramble, Truck Driver breakfast with a vanilla waffle, and a Snickers pancake on the side.  The only complaint was about the vanilla waffle - my sister-in-law was not a fan, but since I did not try it, I am still going with 5 Stars. :)I am quite the large eater, as is my 6'5" 300lb brother, and there was food enough for at least three more when we left.  This is definitely going to be a must-stop every time we are in Vegas.  My diet and exercise plan is glad there are not any locations in Phoenix. :)
2	If I were reviewing food alone this would be an easy 4 star, maybe even 5, it's the only reason we went twice.  That sage fried chicken will forever be in my dreams; unfortunately the service will always haunt my nightmares.  Two days in a row you guys failed.  Hard.  Telling us to come check on our table in 20-30 minutes because the buzzers don't work in the casino (why even give them out? If we aren't in the casino we are sitting right in front of your face, just call our name), then when we come back in exactly 19 minutes you have given away our table and proceed to sit three more parties in front of us.  Don't tell us we can go downstairs if you are going to give away our table.  Our waiter on this day was a little flighty; service was al little slow, but nothing too bad, 20% was earned. But day two taught us how bad it could be.  Our server started off with a little banter, a little personality is always nice, and was lacking the day before.  Then she was gone.  I had ordered a BLT Mary (which was delicious), and delivered to my table after about 10-15 minutes by someone else,  our server did appear when I had finished it to see if id like another.  I said no thank you, but some more water would be nice, and a dining companion asked for a re-fill on her diet coke.  The diet coke made it back, but no water.  Then another server brought out one of our four food orders.  A bit later two more orders, then the final.  Still no server and no water.  None of us got water until we were finished eating and finally flagged down a server from another table, and you can imagine how long that was with the size of their portions.  We waited about 10 more minutes, still thirsty, and finally asked a bus boy for water and a box.  He brought the water, thank god.  After another 10 minutes out server came back, we asked for her to get the box, she did.  We also asked for out check.  She gave us some flack about coupons, but finally got it done.  WORST SERVICE EVERMoral of the story, sage chicken delish, but have lots of time and low expectations for everything else.
5	My wife and I ate there twice during our last trip to Vegas. Once for breakfast and once for dinner, each was one of the most amazing "comfort food" meals of my life. The servers were all great and friendly. The wait was a half hour-ish for breakfast and they didn't seem busy at all but we went for an early dinner and there was no wait at 5pm. They do take reservations though. Steve was our bartender/server for dinner and he was very personable and made the best white russian that i've ever had (it was his own recipe). Sit at the bar and ask for Steve! Portions are HUGE too! Prices are very very very reasonable.
4	After deplaning and being hungry, my husband and I decided to make this our first stop since we were staying at the Harrah's next door.  We had heard of the famous chicken and bacon waffles here so we decided to get that and a house salad.  For the house salad, we were expecting a small itty bitty side salad, but this was big! it was definitely worth it and the croutons weren't croutons, it had the consistency of maybe a slightly hard piece of biscuit, but delicious!! the cucumber dressing was really good as well--- the chicken and waffles was massivE! as shown on many pictures posted, it did not disappoint. chicken was juicy and good and the bacon waffles were well cooked and just overall yummy.  I am subtracting a star for service.  not very attentive and just kinda weird.  there was a 40 minute wait and when we were seated, the dining area we were in was half empty. sooooo, get more workers hash house!! i am looking forward to their reno location which is 2 hours from my home and i can get my fix more often!
3	Went here for breakfast with a friend. This place gets really crowded; expect to wait for a while to get seated (think 20-40 minutes). But we figured we would stick it out.I got the lox scramble and a tangerine juice, my friend got the hash with roasted chicken and an Arnold Palmer. It was ok. I tried her chicken and it was good, but not amazing. My lox scramble was good, but I had to dig for the lox, which was frustrating. And without the lox, it really didn't have much flavor. I wasn't impressed with her Arnold Palmer. My tangerine juice was quite good - probably the best part of the meal.The service was good - waiter was attentive and courteous.Would I come back again? Maybe. I wouldn't necessarily steer you away without having tried more of their food, but keep your expectations reasonable.
2	This joint came highly recommended by a client who said the meal there was "magnificent."  It was magnificently disappointing.  After making my mom trudge through the crap-hole that is, the Imperial Palace, we took the middle escalator (important fact) up to HHAGG.  There was no wait, but it was relatively late after the LOVE show.  We were both tired, hungry and not feeling well.  I ordered the grilled cheese.  It was huge and had a steak knife stuck in the middle.  The bread wasn't very grilled and the cheese wasn't melted and gooey.  But it was BIG.    Mom wanted a BLT which is served on the lunch menu and although they serve sandwiches at dinner, the BLT isn't one of the dinner offerings so no dice.  This rule was explained by our somewhat ditsy server who said it was important to "maintain the integrity of the original HH in order to keep the license. "  That made us feel so much better about the lack of accommodation.    She ordered a Cesar salad instead.  It was a huge plate of iceberg lettuce, some croutons and a giant tree of Rosemary.  Wha???Much like the LOVE show, I didn't really "get" HHAGG.  I sense the original version in San Diego is much better so skip the Vegas rendition.
5	This place is amazing. The ingredients Hash House mixes together work wonders on the taste buds. The Soy based Bar B' Que sauce used on my pork ribs was perfect. I highly recommend Hash House A Go Go to anyone within a 100 mile radius of one of their fabulous restaurants. The trip and time will be well worth it. Come hungry, leave happy. The staff @ the I.P. Hash House in Las Vegas are simply marvelous. All staff I came in contact with were funny, knowledgeable, and caring. Thanks to Steve @ the bar for the recommendation of the  Slow cooked Pork Ribs. Enjoy and tell EVERYONE u know about Hash House A Go Go.
4	Anytime Im near a Hash House its a must that I visit. I especially love to bring friends that have never been, just to see the looks on their faces when their food comes out. This time I managed to eat their 2x and tried something new each time. The salmon scramble was decent, however, the salmon was somewhat "fishy" and more like dry tuna than a moist salmon. So this particular meal I was disappointed in my choice. Upon my return for Easter Brunch I had the BEST Bloody Mary I have ever had and I tried their Meatloaf Sandwich (The Kokomo). The meatloaf was amazing! Best thing Ive had yet though is the Sage Chicken Hash.but Im going to keep trying something new everytime I can go! Love this place!!!
4	Went here for breakfast based on yelper ratings. The portions are HUGE! One order could easily fit two and plus ordinary stomachs. The fried leek or scallion was also tasty.
4	The first thing the server asked when we sat down was, "Have you guys been here and have you guys heard about our portion?"  LOL.  And it's true, the portion is HUGE.  We went there for breakfast and walked out stuffed.  I had their famous fried chicken eggs benedict while my husband tried their corn beef hash.  Our friends had meatloaf hash and french toast.  Everything was over the top, huge, and delicious.
4	Stopped here for lunch after a morning of drinking (yah I know but it's Vegas right?) and was glad to be seated after only a 5 minute wait.  We were kept entertained by all the photos of celebrities who've visited, so it wasn't too bad.Disclaimer:  The dishes here are definitely meant to be shared by at least two people.  There's so much food on the plate, that out of 11 hungry guys, only 1 was able to make it past the halfway mark (and that's because he got a sandwich).  That cornmeal breaded salmon sandwich did look might good.  The fries were crispy and well seasoned.  Not even my crazy friend, who usually eats like a mountain beast, could conquer his crispy hammered Pork Tenderloin Benedict.  This piece of pork was freakin huge and was about the size of the plate.  Biscuits and gooey goodness underneath, it was really good.  I also tried some of the gigantic chicken pot pie and that was also really good.  I ordered Andy's Sage Fried Chicken: fried chicken, fried cheese, thick crispy bacon, chipotle sauce, all over biscuits and more... just damn delicious!  Another friend also got the fried chicken over bacon waffles, which was also tasty.  But everything tastes better with bacon.  Fact.  They also had a vegetable hash skillet, which our vegetarian friend really enjoyed.The meal started off great, shoveling good food into our faces, but by the end we felt like sick pigs.  It was funny to watch my friend's agonizing face, while he kept taking "one more bite".
3	waiting in line is worth it...but the hostess was rude and the music is way too loud!
5	My boyfriend and I are huge fans of Man vs. Food and saw that HHAGG was featured. Well we ventured through the Imperial Casino (smoky) and took the ride up to HHAGG. There was a wait but being the warriors we are we tactfully scouted out a couple leaving the bar area where there were 2 stools (YAY!!!) Anyway, we are seated at the bar area and we meet our waitress Kai. Kai is magnificent. She recommends certain foods on the menu, being that was our first time there. She also makes great tangerine mimosa (How many restaurants you know offers this drink?) Sassy her colleague is just as nice. The food was out of this world. Huge portions, but what the hell you are in Vegas, where you are drinking, so you definitely need something to absorb all that food. I enjoyed every minute of my experience at HHAGG. Andrew thanks also for giving sound advice about the club scene!!!! I'm definitely a huge fan of HHAGG!!!!!!
4	Yesterday was my first time eating here, I'm truly pissed it took me as long as it did!My friend and I saw how big the plates were, so we decided to split something. We went with the Sage Fried Chicken and Waffles. Thanks to our cool waiter, we also ordered a side of bacon for $3 in order to avoid the plate split charge of $2.50. The food was SO good! Their bacon was dee-effing-licious, as was the chicken and waffles! SO much food, even when we split a plate, we still couldn't finish it! The plate comes with two whole fried pieces of chicken breast, along with 4 Belgium waffles. Their waffles even have bacon IN them! SO damn good!!!It's a LOT of food, I'd say split a plate with someone. Unless you're a linebacker, there's NO WAY you'll be able to finish something on your own. Their pricing isn't bad, considering how much food it is. I know their whole thing here is "huge plates", but lowering the price and limiting the amount they give you, would make more sense to me. I just saw too many people waste their food.The place is simple and cool looking, and our server was very cool. I definitely recommend this place.Food: 4Ambience: 3Service: 4Value: 3.5
4	The food here is reasonably priced with huge portions that only I seem to finish when I go with my friends. At the one in San Diego, I always got the cheeseburgers, but then I saw Man Vs Food and that "Andy's Sage Fried Chicken" thing is just too good to pass up every time I go now.Be prepared to wait in line for a long time. Keep in mind there is a casino literally an escalator ride below you and you're in Las Vegas so if you can't keep yourself occupied for 45 minutes, you need more help than a good meal can provide.
5	my first time here, and i love this place already. the kiwi lemonade are to die for.. lol
2	We were recommended Hash House by several friends who will remain anonymous.  We were told about how good everything is, and that it would be worth the wait.  Plus, we were there late Saturday morning, where people would be lined up for some serious eating to remedy their hangovers--I expected a wait, so the 30 minutes it took to get us a table didn't bother me.  The service once we were seated, was spotty at best.  We were warned by our server that the wait for the food can be a little long, and we appreciated that--but after 20 minutes, coffee cups and water glasses were empty, and no one came by to check on us.  Food came out all at different times--the 3 others at my table all received their plates within a few minutes of each other, but my plate didn't show up for another 10 minutes--my husband had already finished his portion of his meal by the time I was able to start on mine.  Once our food had all arrived, our server completely disappeared; he never stopped by until we had been finished eating for at least 20 minutes, waiting for boxes and our check.  Another issue I have with Hash House is their no substitutions policy.  I realize it adds some extra work for the kitchen, but if you are on any kind of special diet (especially for health issues), just be forewarned that they will not make any special substitutions.  My husband and I both have issues with gluten and the thought of eating a biscuit bigger than my fist just plain hurts--we had asked if we could substitute the biscuit for some fruit, and we couldn't--it was really a huge waste.  However, the food we had was pretty good, and the BLT Mary I had was TASTY, so it's why I added the second star.  Still, I would be hard-pressed to give them my money again next time we're in Vegas.
3	Most people prefer to eat the buffets in Vegas. Some of us though prefer to try popular restaurants around the area instead. So one drunk morning me and the party decide to go to Hash A Go Go a popular place that has been mention by our friends. Location: Imperial Palace Wait Time: was about 30-45 mins depending on the time you arrived. Restroom: Downstaris in the CasinoFood: Each plate is large enough to be share by two people, however if you do share there is a $3 charge for a extra empty plate or something like that. Andy's Sage Fried Chicken Benedict w/maple reduction ($15.95) Its noted that this is Mans vs Foods Favorite meal for those who don't know is Adam Richman who goes around and try to find the best grub in the world. Biscuit: the bottom layer of the entree, was fluffy and buttery Fried Chicken: Not crispy enough to my liking perhaps the gravy made it soggy before it reached the table. Bacon: Was not crispy yet again to my liking, was a bit soft. Benedict Eggs: Eggs with green/red/yellow peppers and cheese. It was soft and gooey Gravy: I believe they added too much corn starch to the gravy it was thick and bland. Mash Potatoes:very hefty serving of bland and not enough buttered potatoes. Bacon Waffle: ($10.95) 4 huge slices of Waffles w/bacon literally inside of it. The waffle had too much flour in it. There is also chipotle seasoning on the bottom. Do not order the waffle! Hash House Cobb Salad: ($13.95) This must be a family size salad that has smoked chicken,smokedwood bacon, tomato,red onion,blue cheese dressing and BBQ sauce but its on the trim of the plate for garnishing. This was probably the best of the 3 that we order.
3	It was a ok.. Big portion cuz your dish is filled with potatoes!!!We ordered in advance and went to pick it up. It was a very smart idea.. because there were long long waits. So instead of waiting there, we called, ordered and when we got there, we're ready to go. However, on the other hand, the waitress was not very helpful, and we had to stand and wait to pick up our order... so minus 1 star
1	ONE OF THE WORST CUSTOMER SERVICE EXPERIENCES OF MY LIFE.  We were drawn to Hash House A Go Go because we saw it on Man Vs. Food and our jaws dropped and we had to go!  We were visiting Las Vegas for our wedding so we (my husband and I) had my parents and two friends along for breakfast.  The wait was insane, 1 hour and 15 mins, but we waited because we wanted to eat there so bad!  We sat, orders taken, beverages arrived- then we were ignored.  We were mesmerized at the huge plates walking past and our mouths drooled with excitement for our meal.  My father needed a water refill and the server completely soaked his entire leg and then preceded to attempt to help him dry off but then left and never came back to check on him or give him another napkin.  Food starts to arrive- 4 out of us got our food and my 2 friends were plate-less.  Finally after about 5 minutes of wondering what the heck is going on we flag down someone to find our server.  After about 5 mins she appears and we ask her where their food was...  Her reply, "It just comes out when it's ready."  Our response, "That would've been nice to know..."  No apology???  After waiting another 10 mins and their food still had not arrived, the rest of us were done eating.  The food was good, but at this point it didn't matter if it was the best thing I ever ate...  I felt HORRIBLE for my friends whom had woken up at 6am and flew in that day- it was 1pm and they still had not eaten.  At this point they had no desire to pay for a meal that they weren't going to be able to enjoy with the rest of us.  The "trying to find our server process" ensued again...  Tick-Tock, Tick-Tock...  Order canceled, asked for check...  Waiting, Waiting, Waiting...  Check Dropped- I couldn't stand it and had to get out of there for a minute and took my time going all the way downstairs to use the restroom, upon arriving back at the table- she still hadn't been back to pick up the card to run it.  All 6 of us headed up to the front and finally got the host to find the server to run the card which was SERIOUSLY 10 minutes of waiting for that while I watched her run around the restaurant, take orders, do what ever- knowing that we were in the lobby OBVIOUSLY wanting to leave.  Signed the slip and asked for the manager.  I explained (the above) adding- "I just want to inform you because it is pretty obvious that you were unaware that we even had an issue at our table because it was very apparent that we were NOT happy with our experience."  Manager, "Yeah I didn't know anything about it, guess I'll need to go talk to her."  After 15+ years in customer service and 10+ years serving and managing restaurants...  This was in the top 3 of WORST experiences that I've ever had dining out.  HORRID!!!  And...  It was so lovely to see that $86 debit out of my banking account the next day- The manager should've done SOMETHING to make it right.  This place is total BS.
4	Awesome Food....been here twice now and loved it  both times....share with a friend if you you want to continue to party hard in Vegas.
2	The reality is the food here is pretty good. Solid Flavor. Generous portions. Creative plating and presentation.  The problem lies in the service here is not good.  Its a common theme in these reviews yet management doesnt seem to make changes.  The Hostess isnt qualified to work at denny's.  The server was dry as hell. you have to walk down escalator to use washroom.  And they are slow.  We went at nite late when it was virtually dead.  Id say its safe to say coming heere for a weekend breakfast would be rolling the dice.The concept here is good, the execution of management isnt.  Plus, walking into the Imperial Palace is depressing
3	Had to come here, just because it is famous.  I guess it's a necessary evil in Vegas that you need to walk through a filthy and disgusting casino to get to most eateries and this one is no different.  In fact, it is difficult to find if you've never been inside the Imperial Palace.My wife ordered the Smoked Salmon Scramble.  It was delicious.  I had the Pork Benny, also delicious.Here's my issue.  The portions are HUGE!!  I am a big eater and I had to force myself to eat half of the Pork Benny.  How can a place justify selling these large portions while there are 50 homeless people out front.  It doesn't sit well with my conscience.I guess my wife and I can say that we've tried this place, just for the novelty.  If we make it back to Vegas, this won't be on our return list.  There are other places that we need to try.
5	I've eaten here 3 times. It's become a staple each time we visit Vegas and stay at the IP. We first saw it featured on Man vs. Food for their huge portions and they are not kidding. I've made my meals last 3-4 servings. I've tried the mango-coconut pancake, the goat cheese scramble, and most recently the veggie hash. All awesome. Their biscuits are divine and about the size of a large softball. There is always a wait so anticipate that or get there early. The value is very reasonable considering your meal is about 4 serving sizes. I've never had their fancy cocoas and coffee drinks but they always look good on the menu. Service is always friendly and prompt considering the wait to be seated.  A can't-miss breakfast place.
3	OMGeeeee!!!  I hope you're hungry!!Their portions are HUGE.  I thoroughly enjoy their Mango Coconut pancakes but I can never finish them.  This place is definitely a spot where you get the 'bang for your buck'Their Corned Beef Hash is good, their Chicken Hash is a bit on the dry side, French Toast is delish... so many selections... you'll definitely feed your craving here!
3	I was so excited to finally eat here after seeing this place on television. I didn't get to go to the original, I had to SETTLE with the one at Imperial Palace. I think this place is more novelty than it is "good eats". They are doing one heck of a business here, so what do I know. After waiting about 1/2 hour we were seated in a haze of customers and servers. Our server came over pretty quick and I ordered one massive Bloody Mary which was dropped off pretty quick. I think it cost me 20 bucks. The server was very friendly and made some decent suggestions. My buddy opted for the chicken and waffles. It looked really good but he said that the waffles were soggy and really took away from the dish. I ordered the dish I saw on Man vs. Food, which was fried chicken, spinach, eggs, cheese, mashed potatoes and a bunch of other things. It was good but it really was just too much for the sake of being too much. I don't believe there are any Subway heart smart runner icon next to any menu item here.The food was OK. I can now say I ate here.  After paying 60 bucks for two breakfasts and one drink,  I realize I could eaten very well for a few bucks more.Its worth checking out if you take it for what its worth. It reminds me of Tony's in Birch Run Michigan http://www.yelp.com/biz/tonys-i-75-restaurant-birch-run.
4	Do you like waiting forever to get seated?Do you like getting enormous  portions of delicious food that you'll want to save your throw up for later?Do you like Bloody Marys made with BACON?If so go to hash house a go go. Settled on the second level of a hidden casino on the strip. Awesome food but you'll probably want to split a plat with someone the portions are serious. Also be smart and get reservations.
3	I think this restaurant was the first one I bookmarked for our trip to Vegas. Huge portions, crazy menu, sold. The fact that we didn't have to travel off the strip to eat at it, was even better.We made the epic trip down the strip to find this location. There seemed to be a huge lineup of people waiting for tables but we were told around 40 minutes for a table of 4. You're given your little buzzer (that doesn't work down on the casino floor) and then you wait. They both scream out your name and collect your buzzer, and if you're not there when they do so, off the list you go. Our wait was around that time but when it's 2pm and this is your breakfast, that time seems like an eternity.Service was quite sparse, though our waiter was very nice. We placed our order for drinks and two came out right away, and the other two (bar beverages) took about 15 minutes. 15 minutes for a bottled beer and a margarita. Then we waited for our food and it must have taken close to an hour. The menu says that it make take a little while but after the wait for the table, this was a lot.I got a burger, stuffed with mushrooms and cheese, and a side salad. The burgers are huge and very messy to eat. Have lots of napkins! The meat isn't seasoned and so really it's just a very big average burger. The dressing on the salad was delicious and I think that was my favorite part of the meal.The other meals at the table were fine but nothing was seasoned very well and it was all kinda meh. Portions are unnecessarily huge and they'll gladly box your leftovers up for you. Again, it took a long time for the bill to come and so by the time we left, it was after 4pm.If you want to feed a family of 4 with one plate of food, this is your place. Prices are very reasonable but try to hit them at a slow time and be prepared to wait a long time for your food.
4	The BEST bloody mary I have EVER had! EVER! It comes with a giant straw for maximum consumption, and literally everything about it was perfect! This Hash House location is inside a pretty sketch casino, but the restaurant itself is quite nice and we didn't have a long wait for table even though the place was packed. Service was slow but I guess I expected it. The FOUR of us shared ONE meal (sage fried chicken benedict) along with a very nice fruit salad and it was the perfect little brunch! I am not really a food mixer, so I am weary of things with a lot of ingredients, but everything worked so well together and the sauce was amazing! But in all honesty, the champagne drinks and bloody marys are really the show stoppers here!!!
3	I had really high hopes for this place because I heard so much about it, but the food was just ok.  The best part was probably the biscuit!  I did think it was pretty cool all the food was fresh and our server, Travis, was very nice and recommended a lot of great dishes to us. The wait was about 20 min around 10 o'clock, the places was pretty packed when we got there.  I was also expecting a huge serving of food, but I didn't think whatever we got was that large (not that I need to eat a huge meal, but I was expecting a Man vs. Food heaping size infront of me).
4	this place was fun. came here with 6 girls, shared 3 GINORMOUS plates and had left overs. our bellies were full and VERY happy. the wait wasn't too bad. it was a saturday during the lunch rush but we only waited about 20 min.i highly recommend the hammered pork tenderloin sandwich. the pork was breaded and super tender. all it needed was some tonkatsu sauce but ketchup and tabasco sufficed. we ordered the sage fried chicken of course but next time i could do without. the white meat portions tasted bland and dry to me. the fries were delicious though and the SNICKERBAR flapjacks...what can i say? i love snickers! i don't have the biggest sweet tooth but this was pretty damn good. towards the end, when everyone was to capacity, i kept picking at the damn snicker morsels. so damn good. definitely good for kids and large groups. don't over order. you'll be sorry. :)
4	The only thing that sucks about this place is that they DON'T have a location in Boston!!  Lol!  I came here for vaca in March and we literally came here 3 times for breakfast!!  They have out of this world BLT bloody mary's and yes it is exactly what you are picturing!  Bloody mary rimmed with crushed up bacon, garnished with a slice of lettuce, tomato, and a slice of bacon, with a piece of white toast on the side for dipping!  My thoughts exactly!!!  It even came out on its own plate!We were pretty overwhelmed with the menu because we wanted EVERYTHING on it!  A friend and I decided to share some things so we could try a little of it all.  First up, the Snickers pancake, yes just one, but that is all you need as it is 12 inches wide!  It was heavenly delicious!  Second, we got the Fried Chicken and Waffles (which were infused with slices of bacon).  Heart attack on a plate, YES!  But well worth it!  Lastly, the Hash dish with grilled chicken, asparagus, and sundried tomatoes atop homestyle potatoes with 2 eggs, and a fresh biscuit!  A bit on the healthy side compared to everything else, but fresh and tasty none the less!  The marmalade that came with the biscuit made it.  Definitely make this stop a must on your Vegas vacation!!
3	My husband and I visited this location on our last morning in Vegas.  I had heard about this joint on man vs. food and I had to check it out!  We arrived at about 8:30, and we had about a 10 minute wait.  Not too bad!!After that, though, the service got a little spotty.  It took forever for our waitress to come to the table for the first time, we needed to ask for a lot of things twice in order to actually get them (like syrup, napkins, water, PLATES).  It was sort of frustrating in that respect.But the FOOD.  Oh maaaaaan the food.  My husband and I couldn't decide what to get, so we decided to split three things.  Our waitress sort of tried to talk us out of it saying "it's a lot of food, you know".  I said that we were aware--we saw Man v Food.But anyway, we got the french toast with a side of eggs over hard and bacon, the farmhouse scrambler (chicken and peppers mixed with eggs) and that comes with a biscuit and crispy potatoes.  The last thing we ordered was the Snickers pancake.  This was at LEAST a food wide (see picture).Overall, the food was delicious!  The highlights of the meal for me were the Snickers pancake (of course)  This thing was SO fluffy!  It was like having more than one pancake stacked on top of another!  Also, the crispy potatoes were to die for--they had an amazing crunch.  I also really enjoyed the flavor of the french toast.  There was just a hint of banana without being overwhelming!  Seeing how my mouth was busy nomming on the snicker's pancake, my husband downed the bacon and eggs and said those were really good (why he chose the bacon and eggs over the deliciousness of the pancake, I will never know, but I was grateful!  More for me!The farmhouse scrambler was just "ok".  It wasn't really a standout among the amazingness of the other dishes.  Maybe if I had ordered it somewhere near me where it wouldn't be in competition with other more spectacular selections, it would have fared far better.So come for the food, and try to ignore the service.  Goodness knows they ignore you!
5	This has certainly been my one stop shop for breakfast for many reasons..The staff is always very inviting and the few times I've gone they always seem to be very friendly..It's the genuine touch not the "let me think you're god so I'll get more money out of you" sort of way.The food has no doubt been amazing and maybe someday I'll come close to even finishing half of the meal..The portions have always been massive, but hey who can complain about that? The wait time has been non existent, but I remembered just to go in early and beat the crowd (it always seems to fill up right as we're paying for the check).I have tried the snicker pancakes, blueberry white chocolate pancakes, and the truck driver combo. Each has been a marvel in itself and cooked to perfection. For an over the top breakfast destination look no further, but sharing is probably better if you aren't about wasting food!
5	Best food! Must go to for breakfast or lunch! Left here pretty happy with tummy full
3	Bring your post inebriated-self to hash house for a meal hefty enough to absorb all that alcohol still coasting through your body. The wait here can be horrendous, especially during brunch hours so either make reservations or bring a snack with you lol.Btw, If you have ATT&T, you won't get phone reception so save your mobile photo uploading for later.Because it's so busy, the service seems to suffer a little bit, we askedSeveral times for drinks, utensils etc before they actually brought them out. So minus a star for that. Also, the tables are positioned unusually high. I suppose it puts your mouth closer to the food, so that cant be a bad thing.The menu is large enough for varying tastes, but they do offer Andy's sage fried chicken with either waffles, benedict, pancakets etc. We ordered the sage fried chicken benedict, sausage gravy pot pie and bacon waffle. The wait for the food seemed like forever. Well it literally was. I believe it took approximately 40 minutes from the time we placed the order til its arrival to our table. Luckily we were so astonished by the size of the platters that all complaints dwindled away quickly.  The plates are massive, enough for a number of people to share. Sage fried chicken benedict was delicious, a bit heavy handed on the sauce but every aspect of that plate was super good. The sausage pot pie was impressive looking but you the biscuit dish spaceship thing was really hard and almost crackerlike. Not what you would expect from something named "pot pie". Tons of sausage though and the gravy was bomb. The bacon waffle was a bit of a disappointment. I thought there would be bacon pieces integrated with the batter, so you'd get a hint of saltiness in every sweet bite, but unfortunately it was whole bacon pieces that were dressed in waffle. If that makes any sense.I hear the bloody mary was awesome, and like their meals, they serve it large.Overall, my biggest issue was the sloth-like nature of the service. The food itself wasn't spectacular as you would hope, but definitely impressive enough for a second or third visit. (Photos to follow)
5	This place is almost overwhelming! So many choices and the portions are HUGE!!! We went for breakfast and I had the mango coconut pancakes. It was one enormous pancake with coconut and mango throughout and a crunchy coconut crust from being cooked on the griddle - amazing. The only downside was that for a pancake the size of a Thanksgiving turkey platter, they gave you a tiny creamer pitcher of syrup. Definitely had to ask for more.The wait for a table wasn't bad about 20-30 minutes, but we had to wait forever for our food. We saw many tables that were seated after us get served their food first. It was quite annoying. However, it was still worth the wait.
3	Just like a bunch of others, I went here because of MVF.Went with the BLT bloody mary, and the sage fried chicken and waffles. The portions are GINORMOUS, so come hungry. My drink tasted just like a BLT in cocktail form. It comes with a piece of toast, lettuce, and a strip of bacon. What a crazy idea, but it works somehow. The bacon infused waffles were good. Especially if you like the whole salty & sweet combination. Not really sure about the sage fried chicken, though. It was definitely lacking flavor, and was missing something. I also tried the fried chicken benedict Adam was raving about; was not impressed. The chipotle sauce was good, but collectively the dish was just ok.I'll definitely come back to try the other dishes they have here.
5	Been here a few times and it's our favorite breakfast place anywhere.  The Andy's Sage Fried Chicken Benedict or the HH Original Benedict is all we need and that'll fuel you up for the whole day.  It's very easy to get carried away and order too much so it's best to share.
4	May 28, 2011 Saturday - dinner 6:15 PM2 adults & kidAtmosphere - 4 starsFood - 5 starsService - 3 starsBackground - Picked this based on the reviews I read about the one in Reno.  I assumed it was in Harrah's in Vegas too.  But I was wrong.  I got redirected after asking security at Harrah's.  Then I walked past the escalator without realizing the restaurant was on the second floor in a special section.  None of their "floor - traffic" boards even mention Hash House.Atmosphere - Trendy place but the tables are too tall or the chairs are too short.  Too trendy for my taste, I just found it difficult for me at 5' 11", my daughter had at least a pillow to help her out.  FoodAppetizer - We had the dinner menu but did not see anything listed that looked like an app.Main Course - We ordered the Duck to split between the two of us.  The waiter warned us the sizes were very large.  He was not kidding.  The duck was very good.  But the mashed yams/potatoes stole the meal.  Oh my they were so good.  I can not even describe it.  I do not know if it was the wrapped meat around it or just the mixing of yams with it, but it made the meal!  They also finished the plate with whole carrots and green beans on the sides.Dessert - This thing was large enough for one person as a meal.  We ordered the bread pudding made with snickers.  It took 20 minutes after we placed the order so you know they just made it for us, awesome!  The amount of vanilla ice cream on top of the black gooey mess was more than I would put in a bowl for myself.  $8 for this gooey heaven was well worth the wait.  If they have this in Reno I could see going their just for that alone.  It is worth every calorie.  By the way the three of us probably only ate a third of it after the huge dinner.Service - I have to say I was very disappointed here.  Best way to put the host station was seriously lacking.  Sure a large party was in front of us.  But after the one and only hosted figured out how many people there was he disappeared for a while with no word to us.  And what was strange was the restaurant was not overly full, maybe 50% occupancy.   Our waiter was very friendly and helpful.  He promptly told us about the $2.50 split plate charge for our dinner.  But before dinner was served he brought me my extra plate.  The plate was not clean, but you could tell it went thru the dishwasher.  His response to the dirty plate is "I just grab and go" which makes sense since the pile plates should be perfect for service.  With dessert the food was delivered by a food runner.  He realized we did not have silverware and he went to grab some.  I could see him searching and picking out clean ones from the tray of spoons.  So that make question how clean the ones we did not get.  I think they have a dishwasher issue.
4	This restaurant is located inside the Imperial Palace.   Based on that fact, I totally didn't expect this place to be as awesome as it turned out to be.  My friends and I only tried this place out because my bf's sister (a major foodie) said that they had a good breakfast selection.  The bf and I shared:- Fresh Market Tomato Salad: If you're gonna try a salad, try this one.  What won me over was the griddled crispy Parmesan cheese that topped the salad.  It was soo goood.- NY Times Sage Fried Chicken & Bacon Waffle Tower:  Okay, this is seriously something you HAVE to try when coming here.  There's BACON in the waffles.  Crispy fried chicken is so perfectly crispy.  Then there's the leek on top?!!  I loved it.  I personally didn't like to combine the two but I also didn't mind eating it side by side.  What can be wrong about fried chicken??? And there's definitely nothing wrong with waffles.  The two make a very nice couple.I was also able to try one of my friends':- Stuffed Burgers (you get to choose from about 3 different stuffings - he tried mashed potato, bacon, and cheddar cheese): I thought the burger was okay...it was a little bit on the dry side but all in all, I like the combination of flavors in the 1 pounder.  The service was decent.  We liked our waiter.  He knew the right times to come by.  I like the atmosphere.  Very diner like.  Apparently a lot of famous people come here so you can check out their wall of fame, which is pretty cool.The hotel itself is so sucky but I guess not horrible.  The place reaks and I wouldn't stay here again (was here for the cheap prices haha).  BUT do come here for this restaurant :)
4	Presentation is key, and also the key element when I rated this restaurant.My friends and I went nearing Memorial Day weekend. I, of course, suggested this place only because I'm a Man vs. Food fan and had to try the ever so popular Andy's Sage Fried Chicken Hash House Farm Benedict. The dish was absolutely massive and the presentation was perfect. The combination of the flavors (tomatoes, cheese, bacon, and egg) was definitely something to "Yelp" about all on its own - - down to the mash potatoes and the huge, fresh biscuit.  However, I found the chicken itself to be good, but not great [hence a rating of only 4 stars]. As a fried chicken connoisseur there was absolutely no flavor in the chicken. It definitely had to be combined with the chipotle sauce to be fully enjoyed, but it was not dry. I did eventually add Tabasco sauce which heightened the entire dish ten-fold. Furthermore, although it was not a Man vs. Food challenge, you can't eat the entire dish. It's just impossible. If you're able to finish the dish and live to tell about it, I'd be convinced that (1) an additional stomach was surgically added to your digestive system or (2) you're a cow.The waiter was extremely nice and very accommodating I must add. I would definitely suggest this place to any Vegas visitors/residents that want good food, good portions, and at a seemingly good price. Enjoy yourselves and don't forget the Tabasco! ;-)
3	Quantity over quality and the whole place reeks of cigarettes (older hotel=bad ventalation=go figure).The only thing that made my stay was the host who told  me at least 5 times during my stay to keep smiling b/c he loved my smile.
4	Yummm! Came for breakfast on a whim when in Vegas.  My friend had seen it on the tourism channel at the hotel.  We had about a 35minute wait, well worth it!  The food is huge - TOO huge, yes. BUT delicious! So often you got a lot and it sucks, but this was great!  We ate until we couldn't eat any more, but weren't sick, just super full.  Basically, we weren't hungry for about 8 hours! More time to visit!My friend had the buttermilk pancake with toasted coconut - DELICIOUS! The pancake was HUUUUGGEE!I had the hash with artichoke, sun dried tomatoes, mushroom, and spinach.  It came with eggs (I had over easy) and a biscuit. I ate about HALF! My gf had the hash with salmon and cream cheese; also YUM!If I went back we would def split and get an extra biscuit. But for the quality and quantity, $14 bucks is not too bad! Also: lemonade and pineapple mimosas are YUM!
4	What you must know: The prices are a little high, but they are justified by the portions! Skip the gluttony of the buffet and eat brunch here and you'll be fueled until late in the evening (just in time to charge your battery and go deep into the night with your Vegas fun).The atmosphere is nice and casual. The drinks are amazing (BLT Bloody Mary anyone?). But the main attraction is the food. It was amazing for the portions and the price of it.I had the chicken and waffles and it was epic. Just to put the awesomeness into perspective I offer you this: They bake the bacon right into the waffle. It's so good! 4 waffles, 2 chicken breasts, a crap-ton of calories and absolutely no remorse.Go here. Enjoy a meal and you won't be dissapointed.
4	If ever I find myself starving in vegas, and by starving I mean ravenous enough to eat a baby elephant, Hash House A Go Go is my favorite place to go. The portions here are out of control. It doesn't matter what you order, each order can feed 2-4 people. But despite this, I always like ordering my own entree because that means I'll have leftovers for drunken munchies post-clubbing. A few of my favorite things here: -Andy's Sage Fried Chicken Benedict (under the Indiana Favorites of the breakfast menu)-Any of the flavored flapjacks-French Toast-Famous Sausage (under the Indiana Favorites of the breakfast menu)-Roasted Chicken House Hash.If there's a must get for me every time I'm here, it's the Kiwi Watermelon Lemonade. Not too sweet, not too tart, not too tangy... just right! And the thick, giant watermelon slice to garnish the drink is the icing on the cake. Don't leave HHaGG without ordering this!! Yes, this place is not health-conscious or diet friendly. The portions are much too large, the food is super rich and hearty and probably artery clogging...... but cmon folks... live a little!
5	My friends and I were having a really bad day. We did what girls best when we're upset, and that's eat... A LOT. For appetizers we ordered some kind of fried shrimp starter (forgot what it was called), which was really good. We also ordered a crab cake pasta salad. It was AMAZING! Our waitress described it as one of her favorites, and we were sold once she said it was a  jumbo crab cake made up of over 90% crab. The crab was lump and delicious, and the pasta salad complimented it really well. The four of us split two fried chicken benedicts, which were also quite delicious, over-indulgent, and satisfying! Our server was so attentive and helpful. I feel bad for not remembering her name though.. She definitely added to the experience. We even wrote her a note on the check telling her that she made our horrible day much better :)
5	The best breakfast food place to eat in Vegas. I wanted something with eggs and my friend was craving for biscuits and gravy. I ordered the chorizo hash and he ordered the biscuits and gravy with sausage. Their portions are huge! one order can feed two people. The has was excellent filled me up and my friend had to take his to go because his was a lot more than he could handle. Great place for when you and your friends are really hungry after a drunken night of partying and gambling.
3	Pro: AMAZING FOODCon: SLOW SERVICE, HORRIBLE LONG WAIT! Me and my friend shared the infamous Sage Fried Chicken Benedict shown from Man vs. Food.  and omg... it was AMAZING!!! Soo delicious, it had chicken, bacon, spinach, biscuits, eggs, and this deliciouss sauce all meshed into one bite of awesomenesssss.  The portion was big enough for us to share, but we had to buy a side dish or he would've charged us more to share since the portions are so massive at this place.  The ONLY bad thing about this place (which is a pretty bad thing that I knocked it down 2 stars), was the wait. Holy moly.  We waited like 45 minutes for us to get seats.  When we finally got called, the restaurant was EMPTY!! Wtf.  Why were we waiting that long for a place that isn't even busy?! THEN, we waited another 45 minutes for the food! Keep in mind, we came here at 2pm, partied out all night the night before, and haven't even anything since before we partied! At 3:30pm, my friend was so hungry she ate a spoon of ketchup LOL.  They didn't even let us order appetizers "because they don't do appetizers."  -__-  so yeah.  Delicious food, horrible wait.Solution?Try Hash House somewhere else.  NOT the strip. You don't want to waste all your vacation time in Vegas with these lazy slow servers.
4	Good food! Big A** portions! Cheap. Minus one star for service.
5	On my most recent trip to LV the concierge recommended Hash House and boy was she right on the money.  This place is FAB! Mimosas in a variety of flavors and the food is yummo!  Be prepared for big portions.  The chicken and waffles are to die for.  The service was good and the vibe is great to get the day started.  I highly recommend this place as a definite stop while in LV.
4	This place is pretty good.Yeah its located inside the Imperial Palace Hotel and Casino but don't let that fool you. Once you enter this restaurant, you wouldn't even remember you were at the IP.The portions were big enough to share between two people. We got the Hash House Meatloaf and Pasta and a side of Roasted Potatoes. BOTH WERE DELICIOUS!!!!! ]Other reviews complained about the long wait...although it wasn't as fast as Denny's of BJ's, the wait wasn't too bad...it was like a 20min wait for the food to arrive at the table. You're in VEGAS!!!!!! ENJOY IT!!!! Have a nice relaxing dinner...you're in the city of hustle and bustle all day long...rest up and enjoy the food!I would definitely come back to this place if I have a chance.
5	The BEST chicken & waffles I've ever had in my life. Roscoe's can suck it!I was guided here by Yelp after searching for some nearby breakfast foodstuffs. Reviews were solid, and they spoke of portions so huge they were legendary. Finding it inside the Imperial Palace was a little tricky, but a helpful security guard guided us while he told me about how "you can't go wrong with anything" in regards to what I should order. We got seated no problem - must have come during a lull. My eyes immediately locked on the Sage Chicken & Waffles once I was presented with the menu. Two succulent fried breasts of chicken placed atop a tower of four bacon waffles, coated in syrup. Call a cardiologist because I was ready to risk a heart attack for this meal. Of course, I can't have a big breakfast meal without a suitable beverage. Enter the B.L.T. Mary, a 20 oz. Bloody Mary made with bacon-infused vodka, all the usual fixings, and garnished with a strip of bacon, romaine lettuce and a tomato slice. It also came with a single piece of white toast that my gf noted looked like a large Melba toast. I opted out of eating it, though. Good thing, too, because my jaw went slack when she brought out my order. The portion was gargantuan. I quickly dove in. The chicken tasted like something sweet had been added after the deep-frying, making it ridiculously savory in addition to being extremely succulent. The waffles were so chock full of bacon that it was protruding from every seam. The combination of chicken, waffle and syrup was the experience I wanted to have at Roscoe's, but never got. The flavors were so good that I drove myself to finish off both breasts and 3 of the waffles entirely. After that, I was certain my stomach was about to explode. My gf got the "basic two eggs with potatoes, bacon and fruit" for $6.95, but there was nothing basic about it. The plate was huge, and she could barely finish it off. Even their most unassuming items are still enough food for two. Total out the door was about $35, and worth every single penny. I'll be making this my go-to breakfast spot in Vegas from now on.
5	Really really really ridiculously delicious. I tried the fried chicken eggs benedict- it was UNREAL & so was the portion. The line sucks, and this restaurant is inside the Imperial Palace, but who cares- the grub is worth it. Stay away if your trying to eat healthy or watching your weight. I walked  out probably 5lbs heavier than when I walked in. This place totally lives up to the hype- got to try it next time your in Vegas.
5	THe second we exited Flamingo from the 15 fwy i said, "We have to go to hash house a go go Right now!" Thank GOODNESS!! I saw it on Man V Food and have wanted to eat here for a really really long time. So, i already pre-meditated the fact that i would probably have to wait about a hour for a table, or be on the list for next day, or whatever. Whatever the reason i was willing to wait. I just wanted to eat here really bad. Its at the Imperial Palace (weird hotel with lots of smokers), went left, right, south, north, couldn't find the place. Asked security for assistance, and bypassed a huge "HASH HOUSE A GO GO" sign above an escalator in the middle of the casino. This place does not disappoint. The proportions are HUGE. If you can't finish a $6 burger at Carl's Jr then split a plate with a friend. If you CAN finish a $6 burger at carl's jr then split a plate with a friend. They are GENEROUS with proportions. I was under the impression that it would be super expensive with outrageous prices, but NO i was wrong. Plates are from $11-$15, totally affordable. Its VEGAS, live it up. We ordered the meatloaf breakfast, HH delux (?) plate, and Andy's fried chicken benedict(as seen on Man V Food).Meatloaf tasted interesting, came out in a skillet with chunks of potatoes and vegetables with two huge biscuit. (I swear this restaurant is for people with big appetite and with 3 stomachs). Sister said she didn't like the meatloaf entree (too bad). Other sister ordered their GIANT pancake with sausages and scrambled eggs with a side of crispy potatoes. I mean GIANT pancake. I think it was 1 ft in diameter. It was HUGE, at least 1/4 inch thick. She of course didn't finish it. I ordered Andy's chicken and biscuit (i can't remember the name but as seen on Man V Food). SOO GOOD.HUGE biscuits with two huge fried chicken, on a bed of perfect mashed potates and strips of bacon and some special sauce. Don't forget to try their homemade JAM. Super delicious. Scoop some unto the biscuit or on some potatoes or on some mashed potatoes. Try the homemade jam. The table next to us were a party of 4 HUGE dudes. Macho douchebags with their artificial tan and muscles bulging from their tight ed hardy shirts. They could probably eat everything on the menu. Anyways, they all ordered burgers. They didn't finish it, and wrapped their half burgers to-go. Another table of big dudes order the chicken and waffles and had half their food boxed togo. So, A LOT of food. Not expensive. The hostess told us (a party of 4) would have to wait about 40 minutes, which was totally fine. Only a 30 minute wait, which flew by b/c we were reading the menu.  I gotta try the chicken and waffles next time! or maybe the french toast or a burger. eeeek
4	I became a fan of Hash House after visiting the Sahara Avenue location with some of the fam. We had a car, so we decided to go off the strip to eat. I was super excited to find out that they were opening one along the Strip at Imperial Palace.The wait isn't too bad. Kinda slacking on the Diamond Members though. We thought we'd get faster service, but we seemed to keep getting pushed back. If you're going to have a separate Diamond Members line, then cater to it PLEASE.My usual here is the Brown Sugar Banana Flapjack. DELICIOUSSSSS!!!!! :D I love getting this. My sweet tooth gets the best of me. Maybe order something non-sweet on the side when you need a "break," haha. Maybe some eggs & sausage...or something. The portions are HUGEEEE!!! I love it. Totally can share too, but there's a sharing cost. Wait for food takes awhile..so do NOT go there starving. Make sure you have something in your stomach already &/or be prepared to wait awhile for food. LOVE this place. Can't wait to go again :)
4	Holy cow... food is GINORMOUS and super tasty...the breakfast quesadilla, real good, the biscuits and gravy, real good, the scrambler with goat cheese and sun dried tomatos, real good and the mango coconut pancakes, real good.  Everything was real good and when I am in Vegas I'll be eating here again!
5	I unfortunately stayed at IP, but was pleasantly surprised that House Hash was in this hotel. I went here for dinner and breakfast the next day. I was with a big party and was able to try a few dishes, so here I go.  Rosemary Fried Chicken Eggs Benedict: My favorite dish on the menu. Yes, this is the one that was featured on Man vs Food.Slow Cooked BBQ ribs:  Awesome sauce and meat fell off the bone. Horseradish coleslaw was tangy and spicy!Butternut squash dish: Cooked to perfection!  Not soggy at all.Chicken pot pie:  Great flaky shell and sauce used for chicken was delicious.The food was delish, service always came quickly with a joke or a smile, and the portions are unbelievably HUGE!! Definitely a place where you can share a plate.
5	Love this place!  I go there for breakfast now every time I am in Vegas.  Beats any buffet.  Everything is fresh and delicious and HUGE!  all at reasonable prices.
3	The only thing impressive is the size of their foodFood not very impressive just big.  I had the chicken and waffles and it was a bit greasy. The giant biscuits were good and the waitress was very friendly.
5	Fantastic food. I've been a few times and it's been good each time. I usually get the chicken and waffles or the chicken Benedict. The portions are huge- two people can generally share one dish. The menu is headlined as 'twisted farm food'- very true. It's pretty much pure American food with little foreign influence. If you like big portioned American food (specifically breakfast), this place is for you.
2	THE FOOD IS AMAZING!!!! all the portions are crazy but everything is amazing. I had the Komomo, which is a meatloaf sandwhich, and it was amazing! and I can't stand meatloaf. BUT the service is HORRIBLE!!! the host is really slow but the server is even slower!! I understand it vegas and its busy but we went when it wasn't busy and she still didn't have a clue how to do her job. She had like 3 tables and messed up everything. The prices are ok and the FOOD gets an A++ but the service gets a ZERO.
5	I wish there was a Hash House in CA because it was so good! My group ordered mostly the corned beef hash and the meatloaf hash. I think I was in heaven when I started eating it. The portions were great too. All of us had food leftover to take home. Each hash entree also comes with fruits and a biscuit, which I didn't even get to because I was so full from the actual entree. You must go here and eat if you are on the strip! I guess the one bad thing is that the wait for the food was really long but it was so worth it!
4	Went for Dinner on a Tuesday night , No wait Baby , Had a restaurant.com certificate , No Problem , Asked if they still had The Twitter Free Drink of the Day , No Problem, it was a can of Pabst Blue Ribbon Beer , Never Had it before, well that's off the bucket list . Ordered The Meat Loaf Sandwich , Very Good , Mash With Bacon wit Cheddar Holy Shit Batman Awesome!   needed to up the bill to use the certificate , so My Associate & I split The Fruit Cobbler with Vanilla Ice Cream.. Best Part of the Meal.Food was Great , Service was Excellent Also will review The Henderson Hash House@ The M  , Not so Sparkling . But 2 thumbs up for The IP Location
5	Awesome Awesome...My husband and I went here and was presently surprised that the escalator ride up to the resturant is like entering a completely different dimension than the casino in the Imperial... The menu is decadent from start to finish, the portion sizes are huge, food is tasty...Kudos to the Mimosas!I ordered the french toast and he ordered the chix and waffles. Awesome Awesome! My suggestion is to come hungry and with a group because you may want to share.. There was a wait but it was well worth it!
4	huge portions and SO NOM NOM NOM1. bacon cheddar mashed potatoes: DELISH BUT: eating it was kind of hard because there were long strips of bacon underneath a blanket of cheese. sounds delish but honestly I wish the bacon was cut up or something. As much as I love bacon i didn't like how I would be basically a crap ton of bacon with no potato. boo. 2. Sage Fried Chicken Benedict: *dies* SO GOOD* I personally like to eat things separately and not have my food touching (OCD much?? haha) but this dish OMG it only tastes good if you mix it up!! So... basicallyEating it separately: mehEating it together: AHHHHH! NOM NOM NOM ^__^ Go there but be prepared to share!!! Also, they do have a split fee charge, but if you order a side they won't charge the fee. so yeah DO IT ** My only problem with the benedict is that the biscuits were kind of hard :/ like seriously hard. blech. BUTTTT once its covered in the sauce and mashed potatoes its like VOILA nom nom biscuit.
1	Why is this place popular?Hash House is nasty as all get out. The pancakes are HUGE and hard! It's not light and fluffy or thick and yummy. It's just huge and hard. I did not eat it past one bite.How do you get watered down ORANGE JUICE? Come here.The place looks filthy and the chicken and waffles? Grosss. They stick this leaf thing in it that makes it smell bad. The syrup is yucky, the waffle is missing taste, and the chicken is dry and bland.Epic fail. They deserve no stars.
2	I really wasn't impressed with this place.My group waited for almost 2 hours for a table (during which time we went from a group of 8 to a group of 4 - I stuck it out because my brother claimed it was amazing). After we FINALLY got a table, we waited about another 45 minutes for our food. It was so-so. My boyfriend and I split the chicken and waffles and, honestly, I've had better chicken and waffles at soooo many different places (Roscoe's, Gussie's, etc., etc.). I thought both the chicken and the waffles were REALLY dry, they didn't give us any syrup, it was hellish trying to get the waitress' attention to get drink refills... overall, I was just really disappointed because this place had been talked up to me so much. Also, I know the portions are huge, but I still felt like it was overpriced because the QUALITY was really sub-par.I wouldn't talk this place up to anyone, nor would I come again on my own free will.
4	The food is excellent. I had the chicken and waffles. The portions were huge! Two chicken breasts and four thick waffles The chicken was crispy and juicy. The waffles were tasty. Crisp on the outside and cakey on the inside. If some people don't like the waffles I think it's because they don't realize the waffles should be crispy and not spongy like most diner and frozen waffles are. Also people that say the waffles are tough may not realize that there is a piece of thick cut bacon baked into the waffle. The maple reduction is good but I would have liked a little more. I did ask for additional syrup. I also sampled the chorizo jalepeno scramble. The eggs were fluffy and the chorizo was nice and spicy. The potatoes were well cooked and tasty. The biscuit was little dry and could have used some butter or jelly.The issue was with the service. Our wait for table was only five minute but I can see how at peak hours it's much longer. Our server took our orders very quickly and brought us drinks right away, however, it took a while to get refills. It did take a while for our food to come out and when it did the scramble was brought out about five minutes before the two orders of chicken and waffles. I hope this was due to the busyness of the restaurant and the fact the food was clearly prepared fresh. It was worth the wait.
5	The main reason why I wanted to eat here was because I saw this place on man vs food. I had ordered the Sage chicken Benedict, which is basically what Adam Richmond had ordered on man vs food. This food had many layers and each layer complimented one after another. Mash potatoes, grilled cheese, fried chicken, biscuit, smoked chipotle sauce, and bacon. I would definitely come back here again just not before going to EDC.
3	We came here on a Saturday night and it wasn't too busy. We ordered the chicken and waffles, and the blue crab cake and pasta. The portions are huge and the presentation are nice. We were excited for the chicken and waffles, but we were SO sad that the chicken was not moist but  was dry. Is it a hit and miss here?! The crab cake was full of crab which was great and I enjoyed it. The pasta was alrights, nothing too special. The service was ehh, she forgot our cup of maple syrup until halfway eating so we felt weird eating plain waffles. Do you get complimentary biscuits during dinner time like what the reviews say? Our server forgot that.. We did appreciate the buser coming around and picking up the plates though.
4	Hash House A Go Go is restaurant serving up a mix of Southern and down home farmland cooking or "Twisted farm food" as they say. They have 4 locations in Nevada and one in California serving breakfast, lunch and dinner.I'd heard all the fuss about Man vs Food and knew I better check this place out. We were a group of 10 and since reservations weren't allowed, we expected a long wait. We arrived at 6:30pm on a Friday surprised to see no line and lots of empty tables.  It's never a good sign for a place to be that empty on a Friday, but maybe it's because it's so hidden within the Imperial Palace Casino. I grew up eating food like this, but never have I seen such large portions and presentation. We were served complementary biscuits before dinner. These things were impressively huge, but a bit too dense. I prefer a light and fluffy biscuit, but easily ate a half of one drizzled with honey.  For the main course, I ordered the sage fried chicken benedict. This thing could have fed a family of four, with two boneless pieces of fried chicken served over a biscuit, mashed potatoes, tomatoes, spinach and covered with scrambled eggs, bacon, mozzarella and chipotle cream sauce for $15.95.  Overall the dish looked impressive, but didn't wow me on taste. It was good, but I expected bold flavors and didn't get it. Of course I was happy to sample several other people's food at the table like the meatloaf pasta, the BBQ ribs and the chicken pot pie.  I found the pot pie to be the best out of everything I tried. The meatloaf pasta was good, but the St. Louis style ribs were disappointing, but of course I am spoiled being from St. Louis. Probably the most entertaining part of the experience was watching a drunk guy at a table nearby devour his platter of chicken benedict without passing out in it.Overall, I'd give this place 5 stars for friendly service and amazingly large and creative portions, but only 3 stars on taste that doesn't match presentation.  Definitely worth a visit though just for the experience!
5	My favorite kind of restaurant is one that takes something familiar and pumps up the flavor profile in a unique way, while still keeping the vibe casual and comfortable. Chego in Los Angeles is my favorite restaurant in the world for this reason, and what it does for Korean food, Hash House A Go Go does for breakfast staples.Take whatever it is you enjoy for breakfast. They have a fresh twist on it that adds lots more flavor, and they give you a gigantic portion too. I got the corned beef hash - it came out with larger chunks of quality corned beef (instead of mushed together scraps), with swiss cheese to make it a combination of the usual breakfast staple with a Reuben twist. My wife got the Pecan blueberry pancake, and said it was the best pancake she's ever had.Highest recommendation to go. I find it hard to believe a human being could walk away from here unhappy. One tip though - this location is at the Imperial Palace, so we went because it was on the strip. But if you have a car, or the means to get off the strip, go to another location if you can. The Imperial Palace is one of the more crowded, smoky, noisy, run down and depressing hotels you'll visit. The restaurant is still worth the trip if this is your only option (heck, I did it myself), but knowing better next time, I'll make the drive to the other location.
4	Hash House is definitely something special! I went here after hearing that it was a Man VS Food favorite. I was very impressed with how the restaurant could serve ungodly portions, yet still give each dish unique touches that gave the presentation a touch of delicate class.Not to mention my pancake was as big as my torso. Now that's worth at least 4 stars!
4	Seriously, huge huge portions! Our group of four shared three plates of food and were seriously stuffed. The whole restaurant is farm-styled and their specialties are their hashes!Definitely order anything off of the Hash breakfast entreesWe ordered:HH Roasted ChickenHH MeatloafWarm Spinach SaladThe roasted chicken was really dry, so maybe that's one hash plate you should avoid. The meatloaf plate was very pleasing and is well worth trying! Our spinach salad had waay too much dressing than my liking.Also, be prepared for a wait :( 15-20 mins
4	I liked the vibe, my waiter was cool, and they give large portions!  I got a BLT so I can't really judge the food taste but I'd def go back. My favorite part of the restaurant was the music, I was in shock at all the great songs I heard...from Al green to singles off TLC's crazy sexy cool...i loved it!
5	Delicious!!! The Best Thing I Ever Ate..Andy's Sage Fried Chicken Benedict! Everything Is Fresh and good! If Come To Vegas You Have To Eat Here!!!
4	My highest rating for a breakfast venue ever !
1	This was the worst food and service I've experienced in a long, long time. It was so disappointing, especially since we were on vacation, and all the other restaurants we went to, were so good. I was there with my daughter; they lost my order, brought the food late. My salmon was severely overcooked, and topped the worst salad I ever got. The greens I received looked liked what they would throw away. The service was as dreadful as the food. The waiter's excuse for my late and very bad meal was that they were busy. Needless to say, we will never, ever go there again - and I will skip the Imperial Palace also - even though it is part of the Caesar's Palace group - of which I am a member.
4	My husband and son love breakfast, so we had to try this place. (and because it was on man vs. food!)  Talk about HUGE PORTIONS! Totally worth it!  Great place to go after a long night out in Vegas.  FOOD ORDERED:-HH signature Mimosa - just right for Vegas!-2 Tractor Driver Combo's (includes 2 farm eggs, bacon, sausage, or potatoes with 1 hash house signature flapjack).I got the Brown Sugar Banana Flap Jacks with my combo - fluffy & wholesome, and was the size of an XL plate.Hubby got the Snickers Flap Jack - ehhh, needed more snickers...Kids Bacon Waffle (had large strips of bacon baked into a LARGE waffle) - sweet and salty, what a perfect balance...ATMOSPHERE: In the Imperial Palace, 2nd floor. It has its own escalators. Got a little lost. Needs more signs in Casino. Clean, Metal, garage like, Reminds me of an upscale burger joint. SERVICE:25 minute wait. Went there at 1100 am. Good at first, then slow at the end to bring the check. But, overall good.TIP:You can use restaurant.com coupons here!
4	Delicious. The huge portions just blew me out of the water. Now, they're not impossible portions; they're just a belt-snapping, belly-bursting kind of do-able. I especially loved the fried chicken eggs benedict because the hollandaise sauce had that perfect tangy, creamy, almost spicy kick to it. Just perfect. Probably the best hollandaise I've ever had. The friend chicken and waffles? Similarly delicious. The waffles were fresh, with that just-barely crispy outer layer with the soft, warm, steam-filled insides, topped with a healthy pour of maple syrup along with a giant portion of delicious fried chicken: not too much fried, and not only chicken, if you know what I mean. After this meal, I literally felt drunk. My head was light and my vision was lagging behind the movement of my head. I had to go sleep off this food-hangover right after I paid the bill. Now that's class. I'll be honest, I haven't had anything else. But my friend said the mimosas were good. The reason I didn't give this place 5 stars was because the hostess was kind of a sourpuss. I get that we can't be seated until our whole party is there, but they were literally coming up the escalator and as we pointed that out, she turned and helped someone else, only addressing us again 15 minutes later. I don't know; I expected some more friendliness? Some more courtesy? She was definitely kind of rude in her demeanor as well. But the serving staff? Wonderful! So friendly, so helpful, and so cheery. It made me (almost) forget the girl from the front. The atmosphere was nice, definitely a diner kind vibe. Overall, awesome, despite being kind of out of place at the Imperial Palace! Thumbs up.
4	After two disappointing dinners, I wanted to take my family somewhere with reliably good food.  Having been to the San Diego location (of which I still have fond memories), I knew Hash House was the way to go.It was a bit of a challenge finding the restaurant (go to the center of the Imperial Palace casino and take the escalator up), but the hostess was friendly and courteous and we were seated after just five to ten minutes of waiting.We ordered the sage fried chicken benedict, meatloaf hash, and griddled french toast.  The meatloaf hash consisted of blocks of underseasoned meat nestled amongst huge blocks of potatoes, which gave an overall effect of dry mushiness.  The fried chicken benedict was pretty good, but I didn't eat much of it because the french toast was right in front of me and I LOVE FRENCH TOAST.  This one was no disappointment; the big, fluffy toast tasted great with the banana cinnamon cream, blackened banana and toasted pecans.  I forced myself to finish the whole thing because it was just that good.Overall my family was happy with the amount and quality of the food.  A warning though: Hash House serves up diet-busting, waistline-expanding, food coma-inducing goodness.  For the sake of everyone on the road, please don't eat here right before making a 4+ hour drive home.  Trust me, you'll regret it.
1	So not worth the hype. Thanks, Adam Richman...you owe us brunch. The hubby and I came here at 11:30 am on a Thursday. It wasn't busy at all. There was a 10 minute wait for the table, compared to an hour plus wait during weekends, not bad at all. However, the coffee tasted like sewer water. The signature chicken and waffles were mediocre at best -- the chicken was crunchy alright, but it was extremely dry and lacked flavor. The gimmicky waffles with bacon inside were below average. Do yourself a favor--if you're craving supreme chicken and waffles, cough up an extra 15 bucks and head on over to Bouchon at the Venetian. You won't regret it. Furthermore, the service was appalling. Apparently, it only takes a half a brain cell to work there. We noticed that our jam container was empty, so we put it at the edge of the table. The server passed by it at least 6 times, and didn't bother picking it up for a refill. When we finally flagged down another server, our server came back and gave us a half-empty jar of peach jam, not the strawberry jam we wanted. We also asked our server for butter and extra maple syrup for the waffles. It took him 15 minutes to come back! Seriously, Hash House A Go Go, I don't understand why you guys are famous.
3	We were in Vegas for a friends wedding and went to see a show at the Imperial. We all had been wanting to try the Hash House A Go Go, so about 15 of us went upstairs. The hostess, not very friendly, asked how many, we told her 15, she looked at us like CRAP, well I can't put you all together and we said fine split us up. The hostess came back and said I can take four now, and she slowly seated the rest of us which ended up being about 10, the others decided not to eat there. While we were sitting she was talking to the bus boy about sitting 4 of our friends in the booth next to us, it sounded like they really didn't want more customers.Our waiter was not very personable kind of like the hostess, I guess they all  have the same training. While we were eating we noticed a loud noise well it was coming from the large section of the restaurant that they had close off to clean and the noise was the equipment. I personally think you don't start using noisy equipment until the customers leave. When I went to the bathroom I checked the sign to see what time it closed and we were there done and hour before closing.The food on the other hand was great, very large and almost worth the terrible service. Don't know if I would go back the the hotel it's self is dirty and way too much smoke, maybe if we had a complete fabulous experience I would make more of an effort.
4	Not gonna lie, I went here just for the sage fried chicken eggs benedict because I saw it on Man vs. Food..... HOLY COW!!!The food was incredible and the service, outstanding. The pieces of fried chicken was huge and delicious! If it was just the fried chicken, I would still think it is absolutely amazing. Very flavorful. There was fried mozzarella cheese on it... I love fried cheese. They thought of everything! There is some spinach and some tomatoes that compliments the dish very well. The bacon is crunchy and the creamy chipotle sauce on it was outstanding!!I would say that the only disappointment was that they use scramble eggs instead of poached eggs. My girlfriend had a dish with roasted chicken in it.. not good at all. She didn't even finish it, and didn't even eat it as leftovers afterwards. go here... get the sage fried chicken eggs benedict; you will thank me
2	This place is like food for giants, not unlike many places in Vegas.  The portions are huge and if you finish it, you are not any average person.  The menu was also huge.  My friend and my boyfriend had a hard time deciding, but we had plenty of time because the place was packed.I would've rated this higher if I didn't have such a bad experience with what I had.  I had one of the house hashes, which I was not familiar with until it was served to me.  Roasted Chicken, garlic, onions, asparagus and rosemary house hash turned out to be that with some crispy potatoes and some fruit and biscuit.  The chicken was amazingly dry and flavorless.  I took the rest home, but I don't know why because I knew I wasn't going to eat it.  I couldn't even salvage it with some seasonings because it was so dry.My boyfriend's sage fried chicken eggs benedict was good, but still not enough for me to go back for it.  My friend's quesadilla was like a high pancake folded in half, it was pretty hilarious.  He liked his plate too...so I guess I was the only one.  Next time, if I ever go again, maybe I'll ask the regulars what they enjoy eating.  Still, I'd rather be able to try out the menu and not be afraid it'll either taste great or disgusting.
4	If you like has house then this is a great alternative to their original location.  No wait, large restaurant with relative easy access via the M resort and hosts the same menu as  the original location.  Food is outstanding so please check it out!
5	Every time I'm in Las Vegas i gotta get My Hash House fix. Portions are crazy huge. I went here just for the sage fried chicken eggs Benedict because I saw it on Man vs. Food. I didn't finish it although i did enjoy it later that evening haha. I would say the only down fall with this place is the wait but so worth it. What more can i say I Love Hash House. We need one over here in the Bay area thanks...
4	A must try in Vegas.  2 Locations- one on the strip, surprisingly in IMPERIAL PALACE (gives this hotel some flare), and the other location- a drive away.Featured restaurant on man vs food.  Twisted comfort farm food.  Been here twice.  Ordered Andy's Sage Fried Chicken Benedict.  Massive show of massed potatoes, topped with biscuits, topped with eggs benedict, friend chicken, holladaise sauce.  The first 5 bites are sinful.  After that, you're just full.  Each plate is a serving for two.  Yes you can order it for yourself, but I prefer to share.  Only downside, the last time I ate here the eggs benedict were not poached eggs, actually it was scrambled?! WTF?!  I didn't ask questions, was too busy devouring my meal.Friends ordered fried chicken and waffles- waffles were infused with full sized strips of bacon.  Also a pancake plate- the size of a 15" pizza.Everytime I visit Vegas, I must go here!!
4	Gargantuan Burgers... is all I have to say. My group was staying at the imperial palace and instead of walking to a different hotel for lunch, we decided to give the hash house a try. Honestly, saying that the portions are large doesn't quite describe how big their portions are. We're talking total eclipse here. I highly recommend splitting a plate with someone or having someone order the least expensive item on the menu (a biscuit) to avoid the split plate charge. It doesn't get anymore american than this... size wise
4	This place is real, red-white-and-blue American gluttony at its finest. Portions are enough to feed a small family, and at decent prices. We were staying at IP, looking for something convenient, and were glad we came here! Interesting, creative, quality comfort food at great prices. It was a 20-minute wait, but the food looked so interesting that we waited. 20 minutes was perfect to go downstairs, get some Fat Tuesday and some shots, and come back. Hey, it's vacation!As we admired other people's sage fried chicken and waffles (which looked like a gargantuan tower), the waitress took our drink orders. Despite having yard drinks in front of us, we decided to try the BLT Mary out of the sheer oddity of it. It was a spicy bloody mary served with a tomato round, lettuce, and bacon slice inside, a bacon salt rim, and a piece of toast. Not the most flavorful bloody mary I've had, but still good and very original. I went with the Smoked Salmon Hash (house-smoked salmon, scallions, scrambled eggs, potatoes, cream cheese, fruit and a huge biscuit on the side) while my date went with the quesadilla (chicken, jalapenos, potatoes, some other things, topped with chili cream and served over mashed potatoes). Both plates were shockingly huge, and we each got through about 1/3 of them. I really enjoyed my dish and the combination of ingredients, and the salmon portion was very generous. My date, who usually makes fun of me for being white and not being able to handle spicy things, had to take some of the chopped jalapeno out because there was so much of it. It was a terrific omelet though, very unique, and the chili cream is what made the dish amazing. Service was fast and attentive. We'll be back!
4	hung over and looking for some good ol' greasy breakfast to fill your queasy stomach?Head over to Hash House hidden within the shady alleys of Imperial palace.  Treat your stomach, who's probably still mad at you, to a satisfyingly greasy hot mess, they call on the menu: andy's special sage fried chicken benedict.  So finger lickin good, it makes a girl like me feel guilty just by looking at it.  If you're not that into sauce, i would recommend getting it on the side, cus they drench this dish in it.  The sauce is good, but really heavy...I would split this with another hung over buddy.  The sizes are mighty hefty.
5	The food is great and there was SOOOOO MUCH of it!!  The Chicken and Waffles were so great I wish I could have eaten it all.  Next time I will share the meal with a friend.  Our waiter was great and kept the drinks filled.  When it came time to leave I asked if he could fill my metal water bottle with iced water and he had no problem doing that for me.  Thank you for a memorable meal in Vegas!
5	This place was great! Thought food was tasty & freakin huge portions. Most dishes can be split among two people & still be super full. Recommend the chicken Benedict meal. Had biscuits potatoes eggs spinach Bacon fried chicken with great sauce gravy covered and it all seemed to go excellent together. New regular spot for us whenever we come to LV. Gotta try.
5	Our first morning, well afternoon in Las Vegas would be started with breakfast(lunch) at Hash House A Go Go in Las Vegas. Friday afternoon, no waiting for a table can't get much better than that. After patronizing their San Diego location we were more than happy to know there would be a location on the strip waiting for us during my birthday celebration weekend. Our waiter was so attentive and on top of things. I love it when I do not have to ask for more napkins or a refill on water. I had the lovely cheeseburger - not realizing that it's either one patty split, or two actual patties with all the fillings in between. It was served with a side of mac & cheese (cheesy, gooey, tasty), and I tried to finish as much as I could. My friends ordered one of the benedicts entree's and a salmon scramble dish. No complaints from our whole table. We ordered one banana pancake to share and sure enough we couldn't finish the huge flapjack. Reasonably priced, full bar, something on the menu for everyone. It's definitely a must-have while in Las Vegas (or San Diego). Bring your appetite and good luck if you can finish your plate!
4	We ate here with family and the wait was pretty long, and our food took forever to come to our table.  However, the portions were large, and the food was delicious.  My hubby ordered a huge burger with all the fixings and mash potatoes on the side.  I had the sage fried chicken salad with a biscuit, and I could only finish half it because it was so much food.
2	I got recommended to come here by two friends of mine.  One went to this location and the other went to the West Vegas location.  Since I had just got into town, I wasn't willing to venture a drive so my group walked across the street to the IP to eat here. It was a Sunday so brunch menu was on.  After a modest wait, the hostess sat us down and after a couple of minutes, we were ready to order.  Then we waited...and waited...and waited...no water, no server greeting, nothing!  One of us flagged down a server and asked him if he was our server and he said he wasn't.  He said that he would try to find ours.  Then more waiting...and still nothing.  At this point, it was getting to the ridiculous stage.  Finally after 20 minutes of waiting, I went to the bar seating area and asked the bartender for four glasses of water.  I also told her that we have been ignored and she volunteered to take our order for us.  Thank you!!!  She literally saved our day...Now I can go into how much food there was and how good it tasted and the combination of their chicken and waffles was...BUT, this place had a huge service failure which makes the food quality irrelevant in this case.  Sorry kitchen guys, nothing against y'all.I do know that our bartender/server did speak to someone regarding the fact that our table was forgotten but did we get an apology or acknowledgement from a management rep?  Nope.  Am I surprised?  Not really.  With the way that they turn over tables and the mass amount of people/tourists that come through here, I'm really not surprised that the customer service is this severely lacking.  When I saw that the server who had the tables next to ours tell us that he couldn't take our order because he wasn't our "server", then that was a big warning sign that the management team here has not fostered an environment of teamwork within the front of house staff.  If they were a "team", then somebody would have stepped up and took our order despite us not being in his or her section.  Customer should come first but obviously that's not the case here.  Hash A Go Go...I give you 3.5 stars for your food and product but the Imperial Palace location, I give you zero and that goes directly to the management who run this place on a daily basis.  I know for a fact that I'm not ever going to come back to this location.  Belated thanks again to our savior who was the only person who helped to take our order and save our day.  We tipped her cash and in full and I asked that she not split that tip with her other servers because she was the only one who deserved it.
5	Amazing food and a great price for how much food you get. Ask for Haley! Great advise on what to eat! Take her word, she is right.  Amazing!
2	We stopped in here because the Studio Buffet had a huge line. I had a coupon as well. But as I headed toward the restaurant I realized the coupon was only good for dinner. But we decided to try it anyway. I've been to the one on Sahara and it was good.The waiter took our order and came right back with our drinks. It took longer for our meals. My husband ordered 3 egg breakfast with sausage and scrambled eggs. They brought him 1 1/2 eggs and the breakfast fries were cremated. He couldn't eat them. I ordered the upside down chicken pot pie. I'm not sure who invented this but they should lose the recipe. It was beautifully presented but it was awful. It was served in a thick hard cracker. The filling had no salt and was so bland. I ate the chicken out of it.I saw the french toast and the eggs benedict. They looked really good. I don't know if we miss ordered or all the food is bad.The restaurant is beautiful and easy to get to in the hotel. I will give it one more try, as I always give a place two tries. B  ut I don't think I will be recommending this restaurant.
5	I made my friends go here when we were in Vegas because I just had to try the fried chicken! Geez. I wish they had one of these in the Bay Area. I would probably go here every week! Or maybe month since it's a little pricey... Anyhow.. sage fried chicken? DELICIOUS!Their menu is so interesting and unique. You can't just have one item. I. need. to. go. back. no.
4	Went here twice during our recent trip to Vegas.  We ate once for breakfast and once for lunch - FYI the menus change for each.   Portions are HUGE, Food was great., Wait wasn't long.  Customer service the first time we went (breakfast around 11am) sucked.  The place wasn't that busy - maybe 5 other tables and 4 other waiters/waitresses but our waiter took forever to even stop by to introduce himself.  Drinks took awhile to get to us as did the food after we ordered.  Worst part about it was who I'm assuming was the manager had the staff that was just literally standing around clean the booths and not just touch ups but actually removing the seats and cleaning under.  This would be great if they didn't have to do it at the booths all around our table.  Call me crazy but dust and dirt and old food particles flying in the air as I'm eating isn't that appealing to me!  Luckily the food was awesome and I was starving so I was able to eat fast.  The second time we went our waiter was on point.  Nice younger guy who greeted us promptly,  offered to go over the menu with us, and even made recommendations - which didn't disappoint.  The hostess this time was quite rude though.  She had seated our table one seat short so we grabbed a chair from the empty table behind us.  Well this didn't float with her as when she came back around she told us that she needed that chair and that we needed to grab one from another table, one w/ opened slats on the back.  Umm ok why?! ?! And why not be a little nicer when  you say this to paying customers?!  Luckily again our waiter saved the day and made light of the situation w/ a joke about matching chairs.  Again the food was great so all in all we left happy.  I rate this place 5 stars on the food and 3 stars on the customer service (all thanks to our second experience w/ the waiter) so I averaged it out at 4 stars.
5	7 stars.  What the hell is wrong with some of you?11:30AM on a 105-degree August Wednesday.  Line out the door.  That can't be a bad sign.Wife got S'mores mocha to start.  It was a big hit.Friend's wife got kiwi watermelon lemonade.  Interesting stuff, she raved over it.  I got the sage fried chicken eggs benedict biscuit.  That was an enormous amount of stomach-orgasming food.  What a taste mix- juicy, crunch fried chicken, fully biscuit, awesome chipotle sauce (could have used a bit more, though) and mashed potatoes.  And I polished off every bit of it (no bullshit.)  Wife got the banana pancake and holy Buddha on a stick, that was some incredible stuff.  A crunchy layer on top, about a foot across in diameter... and I got to eat about half of it (on top of my biscuit.  Yes, I am indeed the man.  Of course, I didn't want to eat for the rest of the day, but stop for a minute and give me some applause.)Friend's chicken and waffles were fantastic, and everyone else raved over his wife's biscuits and gravy (which were so damned big, over half remained after her attempt and hubby's to eat it.)  Personally I thought the sausage was a little weak in it, but it was tasty.I must thank the fine purveyors of this food not only for the insanely good quality and Godzilla-like proportions, but the fact that prices are just a couple of bucks higher than some casino coffee shop for a breakfast with 75% less volume and flavor is a real testament to the fact that they want you to enjoy the shit out of your meal.Vegas, we have a clear winner for breakfast.  I am sold like crazy and will be visiting here each and every time we return.
4	So I've been meaning to get my Hash House fix for a while and was pleased to find that there was one located on the strip! No more venturing off to Henderson for the other location!So I have tried a few things here before, but I'm writing this review for the brown sugar banana pancakes! They are simply delicious!! I wish I had ordered more (btw, I'm not a monster, I ordered the tractor combo and shared it). I haven't tried the other flavors of pancakes, and probably never will since the brown sugar banana pancakes are super satisfying! :)Anyway, also had the kiwi watermelon lemonade again, which is always good! Oh and if you want to split a meal, which I highly recommend since the portions are huge, there is a fee of $2.50.
3	located upstairs in the IP on the strip.. ive been twice and twice the service was awesome.foodwise... meh, pretty bland. the breakfast was great but who can mess up eggs?chicken potpie was really dry. it was mixed with mash potatoe, chicken, and potato pieces.., tomato and spinach leaves. it was like they just threw everything in the potpie. large portions! and the bisquits they give in the beginning were super yummy. i could have made a meal out of that...and personally, the chicken and waffles look like a hotmess. it looks so ugly i dont want to try it,
3	Great food, service sucks!!!!!
4	I went here on the recommendation of every single Yelper I met who knew I was going to Vegas. My only comment to y'all: THANK YOU.Smores Mocha? Amazing. I could only drink about 1/8 of it because it's so sweet, but those few sips were worth the calories.Sage fried chicken and waffles in a maple reduction sauce? I managed to make a dent in about a quarter of the plate before I waived my fat little white flag of defeat. As a girl who lived in NC for 4 years, I know my fried chicken, and this was really good. Not true southern style, but still, amazing.Definitely good hangover food. Our food was delivered a little out of order but the waitress was super apologetic and attentive.Go here. Eat. Be merry.
4	I wish my appetite was as huge as my eyes when the chicken eggs benedict arrived at our table.  I barely put a dent in it.  I wanted to eat so much more.  It was so good.  Especially when washed down with their signature BLT Blood Mary.
5	Okay another hungover morning, wait I mean another still drunk from last night morning, and im starving,with no energy to battle through a buffet me and my friend decided to hit the Hashhouse, since I kept hearing about these chicken and waffles, It was bookmarked!we got there and got seated right away place wasn't to full yet, I ordered some kind of spritzer cocktail, it was tasty, my friend ordered some kinda Mojito champagne thing, she didn't like it but I did, because im a lush.I ordered the Sage Fried Chicken & Waffles which comes with,two sage fried chicken breasts with hardwood smoked bacon waffle tower, hot maple reduction and fried leeks.This thing was huge as you can see from the pic, I thought the bacon cooked into the waffle was G, the leeks where all over it, and there was a little bit of diced Bellperes around the whole plate, the presentation was on point. I was surprised how much the flavors all balanced out together, I thought the leeks, & bell pepper would throw it off, but every bit of it all magically went together. My friend Lanz had one of the house hashes the Chorizo, jalapenos, cheddar cheese & fresh tomato.This comes with tossed  crispy potatoes and is topped w/ 2 eggs, served with fruit and biscuit. This was really really good, and i thought it was gonna be super meh, no way this tasted better than most Mexican spots in LA that serve Chorizo breakfast style, with that said my friend was too out of it to eat it all, so I took the pleasures. This will be my breakfast of drunken champions spot from now on when I do Vegas, or rather when Vegas does me?
4	Large portions and friendly staff. Biscuits and gravy were good while chicken and waffles were ok. Would come here again.
2	Disappointed by the chicken and waffles. After reading some of these reviews, I believe the only time to eat it is when you're inebriated or hungover. Firstly, the chicken was luke-warm and dry like it were sitting out for a while. The waffles were much too doughy! (And here's a tip for the bacon; use bits, not strips if you're placing it inside the waffle.) The maple reduction didn't taste like maple, but some sort of teriyaki-based Asian sauce. Like I'm all for Asian-fusion, but this dish was a disaster. I choked back tears it was so bad. The only thing on point quite frankly was the fried leeks and the only saving grace of our dinner was the Arnold Palmer. I drank it like I was dying of thirst.Maybe I am being a little bit dramatic, but it's only a little. Order the chicken and waffles at your own discretion. They should rip down that giant poster, burn it, and replace it with the rib-eye.
5	#1 Place to visit for breakfeast when we come to Vegas, for taste and value. Be patient because it does take a while to get food and beverages. They could also improve on the biscuits, I'm from the South so I have high expectations when it come to biscuits.
4	We went here for dinner late one night and it was awesome! The portions are HUGE! I loved the presentation of sandwiches with the Rosemary sticking out. I got the pork tenderloin sandwich thing with fries and hardly put a dent in it it was so large; delicious none the less. My boyfriend got a stuffed burger with bacon,avocado, and cheddar and his description= 5 stars. Reasonable, funMenu, good atmosphere. I'll always come here on Vegas trips.
3	SOOOOOO much hype. Don't get me wrong, I enjoyed the food but it's never lived up to any of the hype. The portions are just ridiculous. I mean I can usually share one of their entrees with 2 other people. Let me rephrase, YOU HAVE TO SHARE AN ENTREE. Don't try to get your own plate unless you want to carry around left overs up and down the strip or you want it sitting in your hotel room making it smell like left over fried chicken.
3	Overrated. The portions maybe generous, but that doesn't give an excuse for having bland food. The food here is lost in all the layers of meat, veggies, sauces, and decorations. I think if the dishes were made more simple then I think it would have been fine. To be honest, classic and simple dishes like eggs Benedict or fried chicken & waffles were lost in the clutter of food put onto this one plate. Now, don't get me wrong, the food here is decent but in terms of flavor, it was lacking.I tried the Andy Sage's Fried Chicken Benedict which is like a unconventional version of biscuit and gravy mixed with eggs Benedict. The portion is huge and reads to be a delicious dish on the menu, but in actuality, there's nothing spectacular about it. Like previously mentioned, a lot going on. The chicken was a little bland but at least it was moist, the hollandaise sauce was too thick and bland, the biscuits were fine, and the mashed potatoes were average. I'd rate this dish 3/5. The take on chicken & waffles here was close, but no cigar. I thought the waffle was good (although a bit heavy) and I especially enjoyed the thick bacon that was cooked into the waffle -- a great combination of sweet and savory. As for the fried chicken, it was appetizing, but not lacking in bold flavors that a fried chicken should have. I'd rate this one 3.5/5. Located inside Imperial Palace on the Strip, it's a place you got to try for yourself if you're in Vegas. Although it's not the best food you'll find, it's worth the try. Like they all say, "Go big or go home".
4	we went to hash house a go go after my sister saw a commercial during our vegas stay last week...i was pretty much like every other commenter - hungover, hungry for real food and trying to not to lose any of it as a result of being hungover...but this here joint? Damn Good! it is now my new favorite place to moan after a long vegas night.  i decided the bacon scramble was the way to go and she went with the sage chicken/smashed potatoes/cheese eggs platter. the wait is annoying, the yelling so early (and with my senses heightened) wasn't what i was going for, but siddling up to a breakfast bar, and enjoying a drink while i waited for my food was just what the doctor (and my sister) ordered. and the bar staff worked harder in the hour i sat there watching them than most people do all day - amazing creations, fab food.can't wait to go back!
4	I won't let my bad meal deter me from giving this place a great rating.  There is always a long wait, but it is well worth it.  Never have I seen portions so large for a price so reasonable.  The servers there are so passionate about their job.  I ordered a hamburger and the server suggested I live a little and try the meatloaf - long story short - my cut was sub par and that is being nice, however another person in our party ordered the same thing and it came out beautifully - albeit theirs came out 20 mins before mine.  But the presentation was still spot on.  When our server asked how I enjoyed it, I was honest - sadly I think he might have shed a tear - I kind of regret it - because really other than my dish the whole experience was excellent.  I'd definitely be willing to give it another go and would suggest it to anyone visiting Vegas!
4	My husband and I came here for breakfast to this location after trying to decide what we wanted to eat. We had ate at one of their other locations off the strip last year and were already prepared for the portions sizes. We opt to split one of their breakfast meals and were not disappointed. There is a small surcharge for plate sharing but at this place it is is well worth it. The banana brown sugar flapjack tasted very good and had chunks of bananas throughout. It reminded me banana nut crunch cereal. Make sure you have plently of time to waste. The service was very slow and took awhile to get refills on my coffee and water.
4	Does it live up to the hype?Hash House A Go Go ( probably the only reason you would go inside Imperial Palace) in a certain way does live up to the hype.Expect a hour wait when you get there. The portions are HUGE, and even though it is pricey, you would pay the same amount for a buffet, for roughly the same amount of food that an average person could eat.Biggest Recommendation for First timers:Get: the ANDY'S Sage Fried Chicken ( This is Benedict with the light orange sauce on top of it)...there are so many flavors thrown, the sweet of the biscuits, to the salty of the friend chicken and bacon, to the savory of the sauce on top, with the cheese and tomatoes make for a great meal.Do Not Get: regular Sage Fried Chicken (Waffles on  top of fried chicken)...yes it might taste god, but this was somewhat of a let down...This to me was too regular.Hash House a Go Go is twisted farm food. It is great comfort food, but be reasonable with your expectations. I certainly was!
4	A burger lovers dream, delicious ranch dressing(not white but greenish as it contains cucumber), perfectly fried French fries. All plates are huge, French toast was good but they served the end of the loaf,bummer,they serve beer, mimosa had too much juice. All in all, I'm glad Adam Richman of man vs food recommended it, so do I. Enjoy.
4	This is the first Hash House A Go Go that i've ever been to. i've came here March 2009 and was pretty hung over. a mimosa sounded really good so i got one of those, and for my breakfast i chose the chorizo hash. pretty simple decision. i wasn't really in the mood to read the whole menu. -__- i regret doing that. i wish i actually saw the whole menu that day. the food was still great none the less. the biscuit was so good! especially with their homemade compote that's already on the table waiting for you to use. a little tease. then i went to the hash house a go go on sahara for the second time. that's another review hmm :)for the 3rd time i came back to this one! and i was for sure hungry! hehe. i got the cinnamon roll coffee to start of with. and it was too freakin' good. it had a whole cinnamon stick in it. haha so i broke it in half and gave it to my other friends to put in thier coffees. tee hee. and my friend, a fellow yelper, Allen N., and I decided to spit and share the Sage Fried Chicken Eggs Benedict and the Salmon Eggs Benedict. both were huge and really delicious. i absolutely love their biscuit. man oh man. my girlfriend got the biscuits and gravy and a corned beef hash. can't go wrong with corned beef though. haha that gravy though... DAMN..it's official, every time i go to Las Vegas, i'm going to a Hash House A Go Go!
3	If you want BIG food at a local dive this place is the place to be! The portions are huge, a truck drivers dream. I ordered the Chicken and Waffles and the wife got a salmon omelet. We were shocked when the plates came, wow it could have fed 4 people! Overall the food is good and the price is reasonable. I recommend sharing a plate if your not a big eater.
4	The food was pretty damn good and the portions enormous. I ordered the Andy's Sage Fried Chicken Benedict and the chicken was fried perfectly and the sauce was very creative and was a combination I never had.
4	The portions here are huge! And the food is extremely delicious. I'd go as far to say that their chicken and waffles is better than Roscoe's! Blasphemy, I know. The staff is friendly enough especially when you consider this is Vegas and there's a huge crowd waiting to be seated during the brunch hours (during which I went with my girlfriend).The only annoying thing was, and I'm sure it was a one time thing, that the section we were seated at was constantly being attacked by these damn gnats. Hopefully that doesn't happen again.
3	So unlike Wicked Spoon, this place is RIDICULOUSS in portion sizes. Huge portions that will stuff an entire family! We got the chicken and waffles and the duck. The chicken was dry but the waffles were okay. I personally don't like the combination of the two together so I didn't like it, but I saw many people eating it.The duck was delicious and super juicy!! I loved the potato/sweet potato mash they included with it. The only thing I HATED about this was the goat cheese that was just put there. I didn't feel like the flavors mixed and the goat cheese literally made me want to gag. Probably won't come back because its a one time type of thing. But it was a great experience!
3	This place is a haven of gluttony.  While visiting Vegas for a bachelor party we decided to hit up this hot spot for their famed breakfast.  With every trendy, touristy restaurant there are ups and downs.  UPsThe Food was great.  Such delicious food and well more than any one person should ever eat.  Nice environment, everyone there seemed really friendly and helpfulDown'sThey told us 45 minute wait which turned into a two hour wait.  Luckily we were at a casino and had ample time to lose our money,The bloody mary which i was super excited for was a little more bells and whistles and lacked some quality.  It looked amazing with its bacon and slice of toast, however upon drinking it there was nothing that made it special beyond the decor of the glass.
5	so good! my coworker suggested I come here and since we were going to a show at caesars palace we decided to check it out. the man and I ordered a cobb salad and chicken and waffles to share. the salad was gigantic and so good. the chicken and waffles were the best ever. i've been to roscoe's in socal and chicken and waffles in oakland, but i was a vegetarian until a few months ago so this was my first experience with the actual chicken with the waffles. it blew my mind, and whoever thought to put bacon inside the waffles is a genius. bacon rules. the chef came out and was talking to everyone and asking how the food was which was a nice touch and our waitress was attentive but not overly so. we figured that by ordering a salad we'd be able to finish off the chicken and waffles but we only got through 2/3 of the salad and had one chicken piece left and one waffle left. win!
4	Insane meal. The portions make Claim Jumpers portions look like a little mid-morning snack. We made our way to the Imperial Palace (hopefully the last time I ever say those words) on Friday night at about 10pm. We were expecting a huge wait and no one was there. We were seated in the empty dining room. We ordered our drinks and the Cornmeal Shrimp starter and Sage Chicken and Waffles to share. The shrimp was okay, four shrimp but the cornmeal crust fell off with the first bite. The chicken and waffles were amazing. Fried leeks, bacon cooked into the waffles, super good fried chicken ... we loved it. I think we tried everything we wanted to on the menu, so we probably won't go back, but we loved it for a one-time visit.
5	Me and my boyfriend came to hash house because of our restaurant.com coupon and because of all the great reviews.  We went on a Sunday morning and it was a 45 minute wait.  They give you pagers but they don't work downstairs on the casino floor.  Our waiter was really cool and very informative about the menu.  He talked us into ordering the the chicken and waffles for me and my boyfriend had a meatloaf sandwich with fries.  Omg the portions were huge!  I tasted my bf meatloaf and it was soooo good! My waffles were really good but the chicken I think needed a little more seasoning but they did put a little bit off sauce on the plate for the chicken. But  overall the food was good. Had a great time and would go back again!
3	I'll go ahead and start off my review with this: hash house has gigantic portions at reasonable prices ($12-$15 per entree).That being said, I think that's where all the "hype" is over here at hash house.  My friends and I decided to come here based on all of the great reviews of the place and waited for over an hour on a Friday morning.  I was surprised to see so many people at 10am, but I guess a Friday before a long weekend will do that kinda thing.Food-wise, I went ahead and took the advice of many of my fellow yelpers, and got the corned beef hash.  Piece of advice for those who don't already know....the hash's are literally gigantic pieces of _____ (whatever meat you may choose) over crispy potatoes/wedges. It is not easily mixable, as the potatoes that are given are also rather large.The hash was good in itself, but definitely not what I was expecting.  Another one of my friends got the meatloaf hash which did not look too appetizing because they were just pieces of meatloaf chopped up over those crispy potatoes.The pancakes looked ridiculously large but I did not try them.Overall, it was an interesting experience to try this place, but I felt that there was maybe a little too much hype surrounding this restaurant.Quick Tips:1) Expect to wait (just like any other popular place in LV)2) Portions are huge so you can easily split one dish among two people.
5	I saw it on Food Network, and read reviews, my friend from out of town came to vegas, and we hit this place up right away. I was hungry and so was he. We wanted something massive. So I knew what I wanted, Chicken & Waffles, and he got meatloaf. I was impressed not only by the flavor but by the presentation. The Chicken was crispy, flavorful, and the Waffles was cooked in a batter, that had bacon in it..pretty EPIC.. it was like art, who would of known CHicken and waffles..art? lol anyways. this location is 1-2$ more per plate compared to the W. Sahara one. That was my only complaint. then again it was on the STRIP. Suprisingly when I went on a Saturday Night, it was real empty. so we got our food out right away.
4	Great breakfast place at the Imperial Palace. I ordered the Sage Chicken and Waffles which is belgian waffles stuffed with bacon and topped with fried chicken and fried leeks and maple syrup. Was very excited to try this meal and it was good overall, although a little disappointing. The chicken was a little dry and I kept dousing my meal in maple syrup, but the chicken was absorbing it so it still was somewhat dry. However, it was good overall and the other people who got regular breakfast seemed to enjoy it a lot.
4	This place was amazing enough for me and my friends to go to twice in a row! The waiter was quirky and funny, and also very friendly :) He recognized us the second time we came too ("Oh, long time no see!") We heard about the giant portions of Hash House, and we starved ourselves accordingly. Still, we could only order 3 plates for 6 people :\ Be warned that there it is $2.50ish for every extra PLATE they put on the table for sharing! So with both days, we ordered:Chicken and waffles: AMAZING. A-MAAAAA-ZINGGGGGG!!!!!! We ordered this twice because it was so good! Big bacon strips cooked right INTO the waffle and sticking out at all sorts of delicious angles! Not too sweet to overpower, yet not too salty to be weird. YUM. I could eat a whole plate by myself! The chicken was not bad either, though alone I felt that it was a bit bland. The fried green onions around it also gave the dish a great zing!Chicken benedict: Not really a benedict, as there is no hollandaise sauce. Instead, it is a creamy chipotle sauce that my friends LOVED. They actually ordered extra sauce ($1.95) and cleaned it COMPLETELY. The benedict was very filling, but also good...I'm just not really sure what I ate aside from the chicken and the biscuit or something...Meatloaf: Holy mother of pearl this was GOOD! Meatloaf was tender and held together just right! The potatoes were also very delicious and the green beans were cooked to a nice delicate crunchy perfection! Carrots were meh, but no one's complaining with the rest of the dish! Tip: Meatloaf tastes ORGASMIC with the chipotle cream sauce!Chicken pot pie: This was very good as well. Light and a teensy bland/plain compared to the other dishes, but still good in its own right. My friend busted out the tabasco to spice it up, and I put in a bit more salt and pepper. Chicken was moist, and the chunks of potato and veggies were all cooked just right. Only thing was that the biscuit was hard as a rock. I think I finally broke one with my teeth and a part of the biscuit flew out and near hit the person across from me. I don't mind too much though as the rest of the dish (and the other dishes) were so good.Pancake, scrambled eggs, potatoes: The pancake is GIANT! The godfather of all pancakes! It was probably 5 normal IHOP pancakes (make that 6 or 7) clumped together and stacked with another 6 or 7 pancakes! Not as delicious as the waffle IMO, but definitely a WOW factor. The pancake had a good taste, but at some points it did feel like it was way too thick for me (not what she said). Not much to say on the eggs (they were normal?), but the potatoes had this weird crunchiness which made us wonder if it was leftover fried potatoes from breakfast/lunch...seemed to be re-fried or something. Both eggs and potatoes need more salt, but I honestly just wouldn't order this dish. Why get pancakes when you got CHICKEN AND WAFFLES?!?Overall? Mouthgasm. It was funny seeing my guy friends just put a bite in their mouth, sit back, and siiiiiiiiiiiiigh. Definitely come here when you stop by Vegas! Oh, and as for pricing...this was essentially all-you-can-eat as there was SO MUCH FOOD and you definitely need to share! Total for both times (again, 5-6 people, 3 dishes) came out to be around $15 WITH tip/tax+2 extra sauces. Great deal for delicious food in giant portions!
4	This place is amazing! Come here hungry because the portions here are huge! I shared the Fried Chicken Eggs Benedict and the Salmon & Asparagus Eggs benedict. The Fried chicken one is simply great and is a must try if you can't decide what to order. They fry up a chicken breast which is crunchy on the outside but still tender and moist on the inside. The Salmon comes with flaky salmon and grilled asparagus and is served with a killer chipotle cream sauce. I came here hungry and I finished everything, but these portion sizes are enough to fill you for a whole day. I had this on my last day in Vegas and it was simply the best way to end my trip.
1	The meatloaf sandwich I had was good but I will never ever come back. Here's why. i got there at 11pm and asked for a take out. There were only a few parties in there, but it took 40 minutes for me to get my food. There were 2 ladies that got there way before me and they hadn't gotten their food either. They wanted to leave and demanded that their undelivered food to be taken off of their bill but the staff was giving them a such a difficult time. So lame.
2	To say that the dishes here are gargantuan in size is an understatement.  They give you enough food to feed half of China. Having a location right on the Strip is a big plus.  The fried chicken with bacon waffles and fried chicken eggs benedict always remains a favorite.  Even though the food is decent, the wait is horrendous.  Plan about an hour to an hour  and half.  They give you the pagers but they dont work in the casino area - sucks!  The sheer volume of people that come through here has a huge impact on kitchen staff as food service is excruciatingly slow.  One of the dishes we ordered was the fried salmon sandwich and it came out 30 min after the chicken.  How does it take longer to fry fish than chicken?  The wait staff came by to check on us often and let us know that the fish would be coming out in 5 min. They must be on Spanish time cuz it took 30 min and we had to take it to go.  The person who ordered that was nonetheless very displeased since everyone else was done with their entrees before it came out. I dont think HH should levy split plate charges since it would help them out a lot to have less entrees ordered.For a better experience, although a bit out of the way, I recommend going to the location off of the strip.
1	Tried the sage chicken benedict, NOT AMAZING not even good.  Chicken bland, mash bland, biscuit dry, quantity with no quality.Tried the meatloaf skillet, pretty good but potatoes were fried to shit.also the $2.50 per extra plate does not make sense at all, why would you charge to grab a plate from the kitchen and bring it to the table.  I understand if you charge me to split my plate which requires work to split everything in half, but this is just an empty plate.  WACK!OH ONE LAST THING, HASH HOUSE DOES NOT HAVE HASH BROWNS HAHAHA WACK!!
2	All hype.  Badly executed food.  Coffee is weak.  Food was all cold.  The potatoes were just like the ones they used to deep fry at my grade school cafeteria, were underseasoned and tasted even worse cold.  Hash, which if it's in the place's name you'd think would be good, was big but tasted so boring I almost went back to sleep.  The spongy vanilla waffle was exactly like eating a twinkie without the cream filling.  I hate twinkies and think their only redeeming quality is the cream filling.   Oddly enough, the bacon was just plain old thin sliced bacon...cold.Service was good, noise level was insane, wait wasn't bad at 20 minutes.
5	YAY, another Hash House A Go Go, this time in Vegas. LA LA LOVE IT! I discovered this place in San Diego, where they have one and it is definitely something worth coming to. Each dish comes out in a giant oval plate that I swear can feed a family of 4. Their pancakes are all unique and ginormous!! It is just a fun place to go. Not only is their plenty of food but everything you order is great. They have some of the best bloody mary's you'll ever have. I'm soooo happy they have one in Vegas now too. They definitely have a hooked, loyal customer in me. :)
4	psst... In the mood for some food the size of a freakin adult head!?!? Then you found the right place! better yet u better throw-up whatever you ate before to make room in your tum tum for these gigantic deeelishioius portions! ;) Hash house takes farm fresh food to a whole other level. otherwise known as "twisted farm food" this place has been entertaining all sorts of people young and old with their humungous portion sized food! I came here because Man vs Food did an episode here and they featured my favorite "The Sage fried chicken and waffles" (look in profile pictures) The taste was amazing and the chicken was so tender and juicy! waffle was homemade with BACON inside you get 4 big ones!! are you kidding me!??! i just wish i had a bigger stomach, i just couldn't finish it.. Another great dish you gotta try is Andy's sage fried chicken w/ fresh spinach, hardwood smoked bacon, market tomato, griddled mozzarella, chipotle cream and scrambled eggs!  "yall ain't ready for this!" there's so much food on this plate you need 4 people just to finish this s$#t!! YUM! :D Seriously, your gonna have a hard time even deciding what to order when or if you come down here! just come really HUNGRY!  i swear i got 20 pounds heavier after this damn vacation!!!! Damn you Vegas!.... Damn you...
4	Met a friend here for brunch this weekend.  She was having a rough day and wanted the blueberry pancake.  Who am I to argue?  The decor is basic diner and there was a pretty big crowd waiting.  They cranked through that line though!  We ran down to get a Starbuck's and it was already our turn when we got back.  Yea!  I got the meatloaf hash.  Good, but not nearly as good as the other orders at our table.  The pancake was huge and delicious.  The chicken and waffles (stuffed with bacon!) was amazing!  There were caramelized leeks and homemade bbq sauce on it.  Total surprise.  I was so happy there were leftovers!  I also love the homemade biscuits with strawberry jam and the tangerine juice option.
3	Oh my God, the portion sizes are huge!!Some girlfriends and I came here for a late breakfast after a late night out on the Strip. It was about 11:30 when he showed up and we waited about 20 minutes. It doesn't matter when you come--you will have to wait at least 20 minutes.I ordered the Sage Fried Chicken and Waffles. I know this is supposed to be 'the thing' to get here, but I'll honestly say I was not that impressed. There was far too much sage and even with bacon baked right into the waffles, they didn't have much flavor. My friends ordered the sausage gravy pot pie, which I like a lot more.The service was okay. This place is always busy, so the wait staff is constantly go-go-going (hence the name of the place, perhaps?). It's hard to navigate through the place without being bumped in to by a waiter or waitress in a hurry. All in all though, they do an okay job.
5	I was worried this location wouldn't be as good as the one in town but I was pleasantly surprised. We had a little wait (40 min for 7 people) but it was totally worth it. The food quality was spectacular. None of the other 6 people had ever eaten here before and they all can't wait to come back. The olives for the bloody mary was stuffed with jalapenos for extra kick. My HH original benedict was as big as my head and sooo delicious. The fried chicken is unreal and the biggest surprise was how perfect the quesadilla was. It was spicy with crunchy fresh jalapenos. I will be back my next trip for some more belly busting goodness!
3	Visited May 21, 2011. Wait time was forever, but I expect that from any restaurant in Vegas. However, this place was ridiculous. There was a wait to be seated, a wait to order, a wait to get drinks, a wait  to get our food, a wait to get refills, a wait to get a check...I think our group of 12 spent almost 3 hours there! I mean, the servers seemed cool or sarcastically nice, but I couldn't really tell because the wait time made us so hungry we couldn't think straight. I would recommend some bread at least for such a wait time because hungry customers do not make for nice, patient ones. Buuuuuuttttt when your order comes and its made right, the wait time seems wellllll worth it! We enjoyed every bite of our food :) including those I shared it with. Can't wait to try the one in Cali ;)
2	The food is amazing. However the staff was horrible. My mother and I came in at 10:45 looking to eat off the lunch menu but when we were seated, we were told that lunch doesn't start for another 15 mins so we had already ordered our drinks, so we paid for the drinks and asked if we could wait in the waiting area for another table in 15 minutes. Now, if I was the waiter, I would have suggested that we just stay put and chat for ten minutes, and he would put our order in 5 minutes til 11 but he did not. In fact he looked at us like we were crazy. The least he could have done is helped up with our drinks to the lounge area or suggested that he keep the ticket open so we did not have to pay twice. He did not. We went to the front area and the hostess knew we were waiting til 11:00 am. Guess what, they forgot about us. Here is the kicker..we finally get seated and we look over to another table who were there previously, and they were EATTING LUNCH!!!
3	Since i saw this place on man Vs. Food i had to give it a try.   Located in the dumpy Imperial Hotel. Had the Chicken Benedict and like others have said its massive.  Very tasty big mess of a food.    It was good but not great.  I should have had the meatloaf.Service was great and the atmosphere 100 X better than anything in the Imperial.If your a Man Vs Food Fan give it a try.  if not there are probably a lot of better options in the area.
3	After seeing the Hash House A Go Go on the Travel Channel, I knew that we had to stop there for brunch while we were in Vegas. The minute I saw the bacon waffles on tv, I knew I had to try them!This particular Hash House A Go Go is located inside Imperial Palace (eek!). It was pretty busy when we walked in, so we expected to wait for a good hour. The hostess quoted our party 45 mins. to an hour, which isn't too bad, unless you're hungover and starving...which we all were. Luckily, since there were so many people, some parties decided to leave, which meant that we only had to wait about 20-25 minutes! We ordered:-Sage Fried Chicken and Waffles-Bacon Waffles-Corned Beef Hash-Biscuits and Gravy and Scrambled EggsThe bacon waffles were sweet and there were pretty generous slices of bacon inside. I wish I had ordered the waffles with some strawberries on top just to give it a little more sweetness - the syrup just wasn't enough! I didn't taste any of the other dishes, since I was so occupied with attempting to finish mine, but everyone definitely enjoyed their food.Our server did his best with the crowds - it was pretty busy on a Saturday afternoon. I didn't expect stellar service anyway, I just wanted to eat. You are definitely in for huge portions and a lot of food so if you're on a budget or aren't TOO hungry, I'd suggest sharing or you'll end up with some leftovers.
4	This is such a fun place to have breakfast. The food totally lived up to our expectations. My husband ordered the sage chicken of waffles of course which was so good. I ordered off their special menu for the day which was the crab cake ceasar salad. The portions were huge and the staff was pleasant and prompt. The first time we went, we became instant fans and took our friends out to breakfast here when arrived into Vegas a few days later. We were so excited to bring them there but to our dismay, the line was so long and we saw several large parties of 8 get seated before our party of 4 even though they arrived after us. When we finally were seated, we were very honest and told our waiter that we only had 45 minutes left to order and get our food because we had a show to see at the MGM. We took a chance that he respond with an attitude given ours when we were finally seated but he remained so calm and understanding the whole time. It totally made up for the long wait. He took our orders, went straight to the kitchen and came out with our food about 15 minutes later (not bad seeing as how they make everything from scratch!). We made it to our show on time and with full tummies.
2	All hype?  Honestly the only reason I wanted to come here was cuz I saw it on Man vs Food.  If you're a fan of huge portions you might like his place, but I prefer smaller portions with better flavor.  Wow, I sound like a food snob, but I don't mean it that way.  I just felt the Fried Chicken Benedict had too much going on.  And the fried chicken didn't seem to complement the benedict.  It just added a heavier element to the already heavy ingredients.  We also got a salad and soup which I didn't mind cuz the flavors were there, just in a bigger bowl.  I didn't feel that way about the benedict.  I don't regret trying this place, but I don't think I'd come back.
4	Very huge portions, but delicious food. If you are hungry, go here! Because you will have left overs for sure.
3	**3 (2.5) STARS -- DOWNGRADE FROM 4 STARS** Made sure to come before the LATE menu kicks in. Yay, made it!Confused? Did I go to the wrong place? Is my memory failing me already? My second time (9/10/11) here within 24 hours, can't be. Service: Going to have to start with this vs. food. How can service differ so badly from one night to the next? Absolutely the most dreadful service. When we got there, there was NO host(ess) in sight. Patiently waited for about 15 minutes by reading the news prints. Then I started popping my head into the main seating area. Seen but not acknowledged by several employees: bartender and 2 waiters(tresses). Another 5-8 minutes pass... Now there is another party waiting with kids. FINALLY, an older male waiter with glasses quickly announces that someone would be with us shortly. He also asks where the hostess is and answers his own question by saying "she's around so wait." Before we can say anything, he's gone. WTH?!? If I wasn't dying to try their food, we would have left. Darn you, taste buds and cravings. Okay, another 5 minutes pass. Two additional parties have joined at this time. Now, I'm irritated and hungry. Before, I could take action (my BF hates it when I do this), another gentlemen who just arrived about 2 minutes earlier walks into the main seating area and loudly states... "Is anyone going to help us?" A different waiter says someone will be with us and ushers the man back into the line. After another 2 minutes, a very apologetic waitress (old school glam girl, looks young with dark black hair) quickly seats us. She also makes excuses to us indicating the hostess must be in bathroom or something. About 32+ minutes to get seated.... 30 minutes before getting acknowledged. Our waitress didn't make up for it either. She was a tall, heavyset Caucasian with glasses. Our glasses were empty and NEVER refilled. I had to ask a busboy 2x for refills. She was prompt with the check though. Go figure. Food: Was it worth the wait? Yes, yes, yes... Almost an orgasm in the mouth. - Sage Fried Chicken and Bacon Waffles Large portion, definitely 2-3 could share. Very innovative dish form preparation to presentation. Better than Roscoe's, no doubt. Just like the host said the first night we came. Chicken was tender and flavorful. Waffles were perfectly cooked, fluffy and bacon stuffed. Green onions were deep-fried and surprisingly delicious... I couldn't stop eating them. The kicker though is the garnish dressing. There were 3-4 bites that had this amazing spicy kick. The dressing with maple syrup and the spice... OMG, to die for!! It was that good that I had to ask. I think the waitress was off though. She said it was the same as the rib place... soy-teriyaki sauce. But it wasn't, it was different in color and taste. I tried each drizzle multiple times to verify and it was definitely DIFFERENT. - Ribs (Small Plate) This was a just-enough serving. Succulent, savory, and it fell of the bone. Take note, this is the way ribs should be. It was accompanied with a simple potato salad with dill dressing. Very tasty. Parking: There is a garage available for parking. OVERALL First visit was waaaayyyy better than the first, service-wise. Honestly, I am still in utter shock of what a big difference my experience. I'm big on service. I'm a reasonable person, if it was busy, I would understand the wait. But considering the situation, it wasn't. Would I go back? As much as the service sucked, I would have to say "YES," but maybe I'd try a different location. The food was extremely good. If I had to rate the food alone, it would have gotten 4.5 stars. For 5 stars, they need to make that spicy, maple garnish sauce for the chicken and waffles plate. No matter what... Even if food is awesome, if service sucks, rating will suck.--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------**REVIEW BASED ON SERVICE ONLY... FIRST VISIT**On a recent Vegas trip, everyone was raving about the food here and said it was a "must go." Then I saw it on tv when we were having some downtime, and the food just called to me. It actually made me salivate so we had to visit it.So the plan... Get the chicken and waffles. Location:There are multiple locations, this is one of four. Others are located at the M Hotel, Plaza Hotel, and off the strip.Menu:Be warned, there are DIFFERENT menus.  We hit it up pretty late, around 11:30pm. So that means, we made it for the LATE menu. So what sucks is that only select items are offered. Service:The host was pretty cool. He was down to earth and really informative. He said if I really wanted the chicken and waffles that we should come back because it was worth it.OVERALLBased on the service, I'd come back again. Trust me, I will to try the food.
4	Upstairs at Imperial Palace, the digs aren't quite as funky (in a good way) as the location on Sahara, but the food is great.  Sage Fried  Cicken Benedict starts with a fluffy biscuit then layers on mashed potatoes, fried eggs, bacon, and sage fried chicken and then tops it all off with chipotle sauce for an outstanding meal that, in this case, served three easily when accompanied by a banana brown sugar pancake that was at least 12 inches in diameter.  But first things first... Start the meal with one of their famous and fabulous bloody Marys or a house tangerine mimosa to get off on the right foot.  This is a great place for an unusual breakfast or brunch.  Beware!  All meal portions are huge.
4	Line was long during peak hours, but it was worth the wait.  Brunch tasted great, service was awesome, and the portion sizes are monstrous! I know, I know...  A bit wary considering it's inside presumably the dankest hotel in present day Vegas?  I would give it a shot (but be safe navigating through the casino, ha ha).Best dish we tried that day was the eggs Benedict, the sauce was delightful with a bit of spice.  Least tasty dish was the rosemary chicken hash whatever - way too healthy, especially for Vegas.  If I'm going to eat out, I like me some flavor!
4	I didn't waste any time going to Hash House A Go Go right when I got off the plane.  I was HUNGRY!!  And I wanted a big meal that wasn't a buffet.  Plus, it was one meal that I really wanted to get it over with since it basically kicked off what was my Food Tour through the Vegas Strip and was the biggest and most intimidating meal that I would encounter.Since I've already had their Sage Fried Chicken & Waffles and Sage Fried Chicken Benedict, I went with a change of pace and tried their Hand Hammered Pork Tenderloin Benedict.  And just like the other two dishes, once I saw my waitress bringing it to my table, I immediately started cracking up because it was so enormous (http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=F_5_UNX-wrAFCXuAkBZRDw&select=f92oDu8750GNJOYCZ8I5nQ).   It's a loaded plate - Crispy Hand Hammered Pork Tenderloin w/ market Yellow Tomato, Spinach, BBQ Cream, topped w/ Scrambled Eggs all over two Biscuits and a Griddled Mashed Potatoes.  The Pork Tenderloin was good. If you've ever had Tonkatsu at a Japanese restaurant, it's pretty much the same deal, only 10x's bigger.  And I did pretty well, managed to kill the Pork Tenderloin and left one Biscuit behind.Washed it all down with their house special Kiwi Watermelon Lemonade (http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=F_5_UNX-wrAFCXuAkBZRDw&select=C7sut_j2-4fXYFUvSiEhFw).  A friend of mine recommended it and even my waitress said it went well with everything on the menu.  They were right!  Very refreshing and colorful too!!This experience was a lot better than my last visit 9 months ago.  Probably because this time I opted for a table and not a seat at the bar.  The service was definitely better as my waitress was very enthusiastic.  Also the $10 Restaurant.com coupon helped make it a good experience too!  So good service, big food, and full stomach.  It was a great way to start off my Food Tour on the Strip.
5	All I can say is WOW!  When you see the generous portions and try the food... you're gonna say the same thing "WOW"!!!This place gets very packed and you might end up waiting anywhere between 20-45 mins for a table, but it's totally worth the wait.  If there is an open chair at the booth, you're welcome to sit there and have your meal.  My wife ordered the Chicken & Waffles and I had the Andy's Sage Fried Chicken Benedict and both dishes were OFF DA HOOK DELICIOUS!!!  We're coming back for sure!
5	This is place so GOOD! We showed up around 11AM on Friday morning. We had a party of 5 and were quoted that it would be 45 minutes to an hour wait. We were seated just after an hour. I ordered the Andy's Sage Fried Chicken, and Oh My F&^%! It was DELICIOUS! I totally recommend it, it filled me up for the ENTIRE day! LITERALLY!Line - YES! 45-an hour waitFood - worth it!Price - My wife and I paid $33 BEFORE tipPark at Imperial Palace or Flamingo's and just walk from there. Self park it to save some cash, unless you want to valet it.
4	If your looking for good food on the strip at a good price and big portions, look no further.Chicken and waffles are chicken and waffles, but here they are real big.Go for the sage benedict plate, it's very tasty and a sight to behold.The photos don't lie
4	Wow! A surprisingly good restaurant inside imperial palace of all places! Super busy and crowded with crazy wait times, but the rating is all for the food. The sage fried chicken benedict was DA BOMB! Ok i don't talk like that but seriously..wow. The ridiculously huge portions were well worth the $$ I paid for my food. I must emphasize that sharing your plate is highly recommended! Hubby ordered the chicken and waffles, but ended up eating most of mine cause he liked it WAY better. Cleaned my plate and we were both satisfied. And he barely touched his chixnwaffles. Lesson of the day: SHARE!
5	I heart Hash House A-Go-Go.I went twice with my friends in my most recent trip to Vegas. As many reviews mention, each time there was a decent wait - but the food was worth it. Everything on the menu looks delicious, but don't be fooled into thinking you can get two breakfasts if you can't make up your mind. Even if you're a big guy like me, you'll have a hard time finishing the one thing you order. So decide if you want delicious flapjacks, delicious eggs, delicious chicken and waffles, or a delicious skillet. But no mixing and matching or you might die.As some have mentioned, the location off the strip is a little better than the one in the Imperial Palace. It's got better themed decor and a shorter wait. As far as I could tell, though, the food is the same at both locations.
3	Don't go here if you don't want type 2 diabetes, heart disease, hypercholesterolemia, etc. etc. or if you just don't want to gain 12 pounds at breakfast.Do go here if you're hungover and need a good comfort food carboload.I snagged the veggie eggs benedict-eggs benedict and accompanying veggies were yummy but I don't want mashed potatoes for breakfast. Yes, they serve eggs benedict with mashed potatoes. Strange.If I came back here I would order one meal for four, and definitely not so hung over so I could justify drinking beer out of a can in a paper bag. Cute.
4	Love the Hash House!! The food Is really good and creative looking. It Is a bit on the pricey side but you figure for how good and preety the dishes come out, It Is worth the price.
2	Came  here after a long weekend of vegas. I stuck to the normal the basic wich was two eggs, sausage, bacon, or ham, toast, potatoes.The potatoes were really good I have to say although I did not like the onions o it. The rest of my party had the famous chicken and waffles. It was GIANT and they were not able to finish it all. The waffles had bacon IN IT.. it was interesting and the staff were friendly. However, the wait for horrible. There were empty tables inside and they made people wait for like 15-20 minutes!!It was not the best breakfast place I went to though.. MEH
5	Came here with my bf for breakfast on our anni before leaving vegas. This was my second time trying hash house and my bf's first time trying it. The first time I had hash house I ordered the chicken and waffles and a side of biscuits and gravy. Wasn't too crazy about the chicken and waffles, but the biscuits and gravy were great! This time me and my bf tried the man v. food special- Andy's sage fried chicken benedict with a side of biscuits and gravy. I don't usually like benedicts, but this was a different kind of benedict. i love it!!! it was so delicious. the combination of everything in it- the eggs, chicken, potatoes, biscuit, bacon.. along with the gravy.. oh mannn, sooo delicious. I will definitely stick to ordering that next time I come!
3	The next time I hear someone ask "why are Americans so fat?" I will point them in the direction of Hash HouseA Go Go.If your idea of a quality meal is aMan v.Food challenge, then this is yourspot. For me, I always prefer quality over quantity and I left Hash House feeling underwhelmed. After reading about the ridiculous wait times that are common here, my group called ahead and made a reservation which proved to be a clutch decision that I would highly recommend to anyone planning on coming here for breakfast.I ordered the sage fried chicken benedict (as shown on Man v. Food). You could easily split this with your significant other and still have enough food left over to start a food bank.I was starving after a night of drinking my liver into submission and I still couldn't make a dent in themountain of food they put in front of me.Each component of the dish was good on its own, but the combination of flavors didn't do it for me. I felt like I was eating soul food for lunchrather than a benedict for breakfast.From now on I'll leave Hash House to Adam Richman and allthe otherprofessional eaters out there.
3	If this review was based solely on food, I'd give it 5 stars. The Sage Fried Chicken and Waffles were delicious. The food was stacked pretty high and the portions are large. I had shared the dish with my boyfriend and we couldn't finish the whole thing. The chicken was juicy, yet crispy on the outside and complimented the waffles quite nicely. We also ordered the Hash House with fresh mushroom, artichoke hearts, sundried tomato and fresh spinach. I think had we ordered any of the hash dishes with meat, it would've been game over.So here's what made it a 3star place: the location and wait. You think Imperial Palace is confusing to begin with, but wait until you try looking for this place. It's located on the second floor deep inside the casino. Oh, but you can't access it from the casino second floor... it's in its own little vicinity. Quite strange. And the wait took a while, around 45 minutes just to get seated. The service was slow and, on top of that, they forgot to put in our order, so we had to wait even longer. Also our table was also being swarmed by fruit flies. Not sure why, but it made the experience annoying.Would I ever go back? I think I'll try the other location down the strip.
4	I loved it so much, I ate here twice in one visit to Vegas!!! I had Andy's Sage Fried Chicken for breakfast.... (This was the one on Man Vs. Food) and it was amazing and a lot of food... If you are coming here, bring your appetite!!!
2	I had a chance to eat here on my last trip to Vegas.  The place was packed on a weekday morning around 10 am, so I had  to wait for half an hour to get seated.   Service was fairly prompt, and the food came out in decent amount of time considering how packed the place was.The food was decent, but nothing really overwhelmingly good.  I ordered the corned beef hash, with eggs and potatoes.  This place is supposed to be the 'hash house' so I was expecting this to be knocked out of the park.   The food was served very lukewarm.  It wasn't anywhere near being hot.  I was disappointed by this and informed the server.  She offered to bring more corned beef, which there was no way to refuse.  Soon after she brought a full side plate of corned beef which at least equaled the portion served in the meal.  Shortly after that a manager came by to apologize for the initial dissatisfaction with the food.So at least they made a serious effort to address their cold food, but seriously when I pay 14  bucks for a breakfast entree it should be frigging perfect.
5	If it pleased my Dad who's a cook, it deserves a 5 star.
5	Bacon in the waffles! Best fried chicken you will EVER have. Tangerine mimosa, I believe I will have another!
4	Can't wait to try the Sage Fried Chicken and Waffles next time I'm in town! This is great recovery food for those tough hangovers. I had an omelet with hash browns, a biscuit and gravy. The prices were very reasonable and the servers were friendly. They are known for there portions and didn't disappoint. I went for lunch and didn't have to wait for a table.
4	Had to get Adam Richman's dish at Hash House.  My friends were still back at the room recovery from a hangover that I pushed through because I was in Vegas but got stuck in the casino gambling so now I had to get my food and eat quick because by this point everyone was up.  Got the Sage fried Chicken Benedict.  WOOOW!! this thing was ridiculous.  It was like 4 biscuits, like two whole chicken breasts, spinach, eggs, tomatoes, whole heap of cheese, bacon and topped off with an entire sage branch.  LOL marvelous. And the chipotle cream they used wasn't quite what I expected, given my experience with many a eggs benedict, but it suited the chicken and eggs very well.This thing was a formidable adversary and was not taken down lightly, and I was hungry.  I took most of it to-go while drinking Hash-houses house lemonade.  This proved to be dinner for me and everyone at the hotel later on that night.
5	SIZE MATTERS. That's all I'm saying. Because for all of the ugly stereotypes about America, and there are plenty, this is the one that I find least offensive.Gas guzzling SUVs? Can't stand 'em. Big hair? Totally 80s. Urban sprawl? Saddening. But give me a 18" plate with 5 lbs. of waffles, sage-rubbed fried chicken, maple syrup, and mashed potatoes... and I'll stand up and sing "Proud to be an American" with the best of them.Loved this place in San Diego, and this location is just as good. Not to mention, after you lose your @$$ in the casinos (and look around... trust me... you will...) you can have a $15 lunch entree, split in half, and take leftovers home. THAT big.
5	Wake me up before you go goBecause I wanna go too.  I love this place.  I love the name, I love the food, and I love the attitude.The Name:Okay, surely the name is a double entendre.  Yes, they are famous for the hash mixtures of potatoes and eggs mixed with vegetables and corned beef (or other protein choices).   All delicious, I'm sure.  But what about the other hash?  Why don't they just come out and call it Chronic a go go?  On second thought, maybe that name wouldn't fly.The Food:It's described as twisted farm food.  Genius.  Hash House a go go takes heartwarming comfort food and gives it a crazy twist.   Want fried chicken and waffles?  Consider the Sage Fried Chicken stacked with a Bacon Waffle, hot maple caramel reduction sauce and crowned with fried leeks.  Yummy, a bit off kilter from expected and oh so delicious.  And there's plenty more choices where that came from.The AttitudeThe menu, the place, the staff are all a bit funky and quirky.  Love the sassy boldness of the place.
5	This was one of the stops on my recent restaurant.com tour of dining in Vegas.  The $25.00 coupon made it a screaming deal.I had the signature Sage Fried Chicken Benedict.  It was much better this time than the last time I had it.  Perhaps it was because I had a lower blood alcohol content.  It's just so much food. It provided breakfast the next morning too.My son (9) had the kids burger with fries.  He too got about half way through it.  It appeared to be a real hand formed patty.  He ordered a side of bacon to add to the burger.   I had a piece.  I wish bacon like that could be bought in the grocery store.My wife had the Griddled Cheese Sandwich.  Delicious and a great value at $10.95.The Bloody Marys were average and I thought overpriced.  Not what I would consider 5 star.The service was superior.  I think the best service I had anywhere during my recent 3 days in Vegas.  They were not crowded, which was nice, on  Tuesday about 8PM when we visited.
1	Buyer beware: They sit large parties first, regardless of the order your party (under 6) came in. Not a surprise; they can do it because of the demand. Expect to wait longer unless you want to make friends and make a larger party. Lol.Not surprisingly, there is no manager or assistant manager on staff to discuss this with. For service, I give them no stars. Their food is another matter. Just be prepared to wait and to hear, "just another 20 minutes" over and over again.
5	big portions!...yummy entrees---all can share!
5	Where can I even begin on this one?  Overwhelming does not even describe the amount of food you are brought ... They have no small meals here.  if you are grossed out by insane amounts of food and over the top creations ... this place is not for you.  Lucky for me I am a Man v Food type of guy and LOVE THIS PLACE!!!!  WOW ... just thinking back I can't wait until I got to Vegas again JUST FOR THIS PLACE!I had the chorizo plate, but the pancakes were huge, biscuits were huge, eggs benedict were huge (man v food chicken one was crazy) ...BEST SERVICE in all of Vegas ... we got taken care of ... my only recommendation is calling ahead and getting reservations ... there is a lot of people that want to try this place so be prepared.  Can't wait to go back and try more - everyone with my group loved what they got and went back to hotel and passed out in a food coma!
2	This place is all about quantity, not quality.  If you're starving, come here.  If you want good food, go elsewhere.I had biscuits and gravy.  I used to live in the South, so I know what this dish (which, honestly, is just a heart attack on a plate) is all about.  The restaurant got the heart attack part right, but totally missed out on the part that makes the heart attack worth it.  The sausage gravy was chalky and flavorless.  The biscuits were cold.  Perplexingly, the biscuits and gravy were served on a massive bed of mashed potatoes.  Now, I love mashed potatoes, but it just didn't fit in here.  I ate less than a quarter of it.  No one else at my table finished their meals either, and we all agreed that it was pretty mediocre.  Service was much better than I ever would've guessed, which is the only reason that they get two stars.
5	This place is awesome!!. Food was great and huge portions. One thing to be aware of its in a crappy old casino but once you go upstairs to the restraunt  it is like a totally diff place. staff is nice and quick. food comes out hot and huge portions. Oh and the biscuits are huge fresh made daily and the best i have had since my dads.
3	I was a bit skeptical about Hash A Go Go when I first learned that it was located in Imperial Palace. The smell of stale cigarettes that greeted me at the entrance didn't make it any better. Luckily, an escalator ride later, I stepped into the waiting area of Hash House A Go Go realizing that it is practically a different world. While the decor is nothing special it's still a world away from Imperial Palace!Back to the food-- please come to Hash House A Go Go hungry. Not a little hungry, not "oh I can still eat", come STARVING. The portions here are out of this world and even though we're usually pretty big eaters, not a single person finished their plate. Between Mr. Dubs and I, we got the Sage Fried Chicken and Waffles and the Sage Fried Chicken Benedict. When they arrived, we were all so intimidated by the presentation and the hearty portions that we really didn't know where to start. Once we started to dig in, it was a whole different story. Eating at Hash House A Go Go really took the terms "stuffing my face" to a whole new level. Unfortunately, to my best efforts, I was only able to finish about 1/4 of my meal. I also ordered the wine spritzer and loved it. Didn't taste a hint of alcohol. Eva, Denise and Mr. Dubs all ordered the Bloody Mary and it was delicious too but watch out-- they ask you what type of vodka you want in your Blood Mary but doesn't mention that there is an extra charge for the premium vodka! I guess it should've been a given since we are in Vegas and it is "premium" but the way the options were given were very misleading. Over all, Hash House A Go Go was an experience. Not sure if I'd want to go back but definitely glad I got to check it out!
2	We came here because we were tired and hungry and saw it walking from our room through the casino when we went to wander the strip. I was going to have our group go to grand lux in the Venetian which would have been a much better options. But we ended up here instead. Prices are about the same as at grand lux or most other sit down places on the strip at like $13ish for breakfast type items. I got the corned beef hash and was surprised when it was shredded corn beef instead of ground which I thought was nice. I got scrambled eggs with them and they were very bland so I wasn't a fan. The potatoes were decent being homestyle fries style with the corned beef and cheese on top. They give you a biscuit which sucks, hard as a rock and bland and dry, we ended up taking them and threw them at our friend while wandering the strip. Everything comes with a stalk of rosemary stuck in it which looks tacky in my opinion, but whatever they think is cool. Other than the food being pretty bland, the portions were large and served in cast iron skillets which was cool and nice. Our waiter was a d-bag and made the experience even worse. He was never around, and the only time we saw him was when we ordered and when our food came, and when he brought us the check. When he brought us our food, he asked us how everything tasted, which how do we know since we just got the food?!?!  And then we didn't see him again till he brought us the billI won't come back. Grand lux is far better in taste, class of the restaurant, service, and overall experience
5	How dare people not give Hash House 5 stars. This place is awesome. Huge portions of high quality food. If you don't like the Sage chicken with grilled cheese and chiptole cream sauce... there's something wrong with you.
5	This was the best chicken and waffles I've ever had! My friend and I shared the Sage Fried chicken and waffles (smart move, the portions are ginormous!!) The chicken was crispy outside and nice and juicy inside. The bacon waffles were a nice surprise with the bacon cooked inside the waffles. We added an order of hash browns to round out the meal. The music was bangin' too. Great place to have good food, dance a little bit in your chair, and good conversation. A Vegas must!!!
3	Minus one star for the wait, which is ALWAYS at least an hour if you come during mealtimes...if you come around 10 am before all the haggard, drunk people wake up, you should be good! The portions are freaking RIDICULOUS at first sight, but actually quite manageable if you sift through all the "fixins". They just go for vertical height which makes the dish look super huge, but its not that bad! Great hangover food, but nothing gourmet. All in all, for the price you pay and the fact that it's on the strip makes it a decently priced option for a meal. The chicken and waffles are pretty good, but my favorite is the corned beef hash! Not of the mushy pancake-looking variety, but the corned beef is actually in strips and comes with nicely seasoned potatoes and fruit on the side inside a cast iron skillet. I found the portion size to be manageable but not skimpy. I also always order a peach ice tea, but that's just me. Everything else on the menu is decently tasty - the skillets, omelets, and the 1-lb burger...Just remember to come with loose pants and patience for the line! And if you really need to, bring the flask for irish coffee in the morning!
2	I was so excited to try this place out and hyped it up so much I didn't think it could disappoint. I saw this place featured on Man v. Food and on countless billboards around the Strip. This location, inside Imperial Palace, had a huge line and fairly long wait. I was famished and didn't mind the wait as long as the food lived up to all the hype. Before I even looked at the menu, I knew I wanted to order their signature dish...the chicken and waffles. While I waited for my order to arrive, I saw a wide arry of delicious dishes being zipped back and forth in front of our table. All looked craftly plated, with huge heaping portions. I salivated each time my beloved (or so I thought) chicken and waffles would zip in and out of my line of sight. Finally it arrived, moment of truth. I bite into my deep fried chicken breasts and was underwhelmed to say the least. Batter was soggy, not crispy with the resounding crunch I had imagined. I gave them the benefit of the doubt and moved on to the waffles, hoping that Hash House would redeem themselves here. But alas, I was disappointed yet again. The waffles were huge, and filed with bacon which made my eyes grow large with a childlike wonder, yet I lamented again when I found those waffles to be soggy and rather flat in flavor. Needless to say I walked away from this place pretty much disappointed. Will probably not be returning anytime soon...at least not on my own accord.
5	First, I must say besides the wait they so deserve 5 stars everytime.  This place was packed and I figured out why as soon as my food was placed in front of me.  They give you so much food you have to share it with someone else.  I ordered the banana maple & brown sugar pancake, at first I was was hesitant because i didn't want to pay $7.00 for one pancake, but man when I tell you one pancake is the size of a medium pizza, I am not kidding!!!!  It was soooooooo delicious, I wish there was one of these spots in Atlanta, I would definitely be a regular customer, even though i would also have to keep a gym memerbship if I ate here on a regular basis.  This is a must visit restaurant on every trip to Vegas for sure!!!!
4	This Place is a Hidden Gem !!! You get to go to Plush New Hotels along the Strip. Fancy Decor ...Fancy Enticing Buffet . But This Restaurant is inside Imperial Hotel an Old hotel Front of 5 Star Cesar Palace .. Line can be long but the wait is worthy!! Ordered hash with Chorizo!! Did I finish? It's HUGE!! Our server JASON has the Best Convincing power to make you Hungry long before he explains all the food on Menu on Detail!! Lastly I found this Gem through the help of all Yelpers here!!
4	PREPARE TO SHARE!  They weren't kidding when they said the portions were huge.  I should have planned better after food cruising on the way to my seat and seeing the size of the plates. They are enormous!  That aside, they are creative!  I posted a pic of the menu. There were at least 5 things in the running for my breakfast. I landed on the Sage Fried Chicken and Waffles and my bf had Andy's Sage Fried Chicken Benedict.  When they arrived we were blown away (see pics).  My chicken was cooked very well. The batter was crispy and not too heavy. The waffles were packed with bacon IN them. But the best were the strips of fried leeks that graced the top and the drizzle of syrup. My only complaint is that I wanted more syrup which could have easily been addressed had I asked my super friendly waiter. The Benny was also huge and very well presented. The biscuits were warm and wonderful. They were dense and biscuit experts may say they weren't flakey enough, but then they were covered with a hollandaise sauce that had a little kick. The fresh, red mashed potatoes were home-style (nicely lumpy) and an odd but tasty addition to a breakfast dish. We can't leave without mentioning the awesome tangerine house mimosa.  The cranberry was ok, but the tangerine blew it away. The food was great but not 5 star outstanding (I rarely give 5 stars anywhere). But I can't recommend this place highly enough. Come hungry, leave happy with a doggie bag.
5	Nom Nom nom nom...sorry..had my mouth full there.  I am literally writing this review while eating here because it has impressed me that much!  While I didn't have to wait in a line to get in, after having eaten their food, I probably would wait at least an hour if not a little longer just to eat at this place again!!  It's THAT good!  We're talking about taking breakfast foods and leveling up.  If this were a supermario game, you would be eating that flower and finding the secret passage way to the higher levels...it's that good!  Oh man, did I tell you yet..it's that good?!  We had the meatloaf hash, the Andy's Sage chicken benedict, and the brown sugar banana pancakes!  Each one of them could've fed the three of us alone, but together represented a mountain of yummy deliciousness.  I don't know why ppl ever give this place less than 5 stars, but I've eaten at all types of breakfast places from diners, to trendy breakfast restaurants...none of them compare to what this place can offer.  I would highly highly highly recommend you come to this restaurant and give it a go.  I promise you that you won't be disappointed and that you'll get more than you bargained for.  For the 3.5 of us (2 women, 1 male, 1 baby) it was more than enough to even just eat one dish, but if you want to try variety, get at least two, and if you are leaving that day and will never come back, get three just to have some variety!  Ugh!  I probably would come back to vegas just for this place it's that good and I know you'll feel the same way!
4	The menu is good, everything looks delicious - the one thing you don't realize is the size of the food that is about to descend onto your table! The hamburgers we ordered were mammoth two 1/2 lbs. patties with cheese and goodness melted between the meat. The fries were delicious and if you can get a half a burger into you, you're a king. Leftovers are guaranteed and I have to agree with their slogan,"if you leave hungry it's your own fault". Prices were more than reasonable for the Vegas Strip and service was great at two different locations. Great place to visit, just make sure you're ready to carry a doggy bag the rest of the night.
5	We always come here whenever we're in Vegas per a recommendation from my husband's Uncle. Their food is always fabulous and the service is impeccable! We've had several of their eggs benedict, including the fried chicken...sooooo yummy! And their fried chicken and waffles is absolutely amazing! The chicken is perfectly crisp yet stays moist and tender. And the waffles, believe it or not, actually have bacon strips INSIDE the waffles! I've never had anything like it and the syrup is scrumptious too! Though because it was so good we had to ask for more, but our server brought it to us promptly. The cheeseburgers are also absolutely amazing! Beware the portions are huge! My hubby and I always share something, and trust me he's a big eater!And FYI, the bloodymary's there are really really good. They will of course ask if you want premium vodka, which costs about $3 more, but I say stick with the well and you'll be fine. It's not like you're going to have ten of them anyway (or will you?). I can't say enough great things about this restaurant, we have always had great food and great service no matter what time of day or night. We will always visit this place once or twice every time we're in Vegas...we're just waiting for them to open up here in the bay area....course that wouldn't be very good for my hips, but who cares???
5	BLT Bloody Mary?  YES PLEASE!Nothing better than a bloody mary for a cure for the hangover.  ALWAYS love my toast on the side with a Bacon dipped right in my Bloody.The Sage Chicken here is also so good!  I personally don't eat the garnish but the leeks that's on top is drizzled with a maple syrup reduction that makes me sad once all the leeks are all gone.  If I could lick my plate I would.
4	Ate here for the first time over the Thanksgiving holiday.  Went for breakfast and shared the Andy's sage fried chicken benedict and the meatloaf hash.  I loved the benedict.  It was a huge mess of delicious flavors that worked better than I expected.  The meatloaf hash was boring for my taste.  It was just large chunks of meatloaf on top of fried potatoes.  I gues if you are not an adventurous eater this would be fine.  The service was fantastic.  The waiter even mentioned that we should order a side dish to avoid the split plate charge.  I don't mind split plate charges but I prefer when there are inexpensive ways to avoid them...lol
5	This place is amazing!!! So unique and delicious!I was told about this place by a friend who couldn't stop raving about this place and they were right!! My husband had the Andy's Sage Fried Chicken w/ fresh spinach, hardwood smoked bacon, tomato, griddled mozzarella, chipotle cream scrambled eggs. The dish on Man vs Food. It was so good. The fried chicken was so crispy even through it's covered with this really yumm sauce. The bacon and cheese on top of that rich creamy sauce, it was so good. Best fried chicken I ever had.I was trying to be a bit healthier than my husband so I got the Roasted Chicken, fresh corn, roasted pepper & mozzarella scrambles. It was so good, I think the corn was the best part, but overall it was the combination of the ingredients.Kiwi Watermelon Lemonade is amazing!! Love the kiwi part :)Also a warning - The Hash House A Go Go in San Diego is the original, but it not nearly as good. The ones in Vegas is much better!!!
5	I read a bunch of reviews before I came here and decided to go with the chicken and waffles. When I got to the restaurant, I saw all of the pictures of the celebs on the wall with their reviews about how great this dish was. BAM... that solidified my decision! The chicken was crispy and the best part was finding bacon pieces in my waffle. Anyone who knows me knows bacon is the way to my heart. My boyfriend had the chicken pot pie. It was the best looking dish on the table and soooo tasty! My best friend had the tuna melt, which we learned was not a sandwich, but more like a salad and let me tell you, it was soooo delicious! I will definitely be thinking of this place the next time I plan  trip to Vegas or San Diego.
1	i was really excited to go eat at this because I've heard so many good things, but i shouldn't always believe what people tell me. First of all the service was horrible. My server was this guy named jeff and i dont know what his problem was. He gave my food to the wrong person so i had to wait even longer on a day that was super busy. Another server had to help because that guy Jeff was of no service. I ordered the chicken which was my first time ordering chicken and waffles and it was nasty. My chicken was dry and i had to drench it in syrup. I was really disappointed.
4	This is a great place for brunch, esepecially for large groups.Obviously, if you're going on a weekend, expect a decent wait.  Our group of 8 had to wait about an hour to get seated on Sunday around 11am.  But there was plenty to keep us entertained until it was our turn to eat.I had the chicken and waffles, which was amazing.  The chicken is cooked perfectly - I loved the sweetness that the maple reduction added to the chicken.  And the biscuit that comes on the side was also delicious.  The only downside (which might just be me) is how big it is.  I wish I had known before ordering so that I could've shared.  I couldn't even eat a third of it, and it's not one of those dishes that make for good leftovers.  So if you decide to get this, share with a friend!The other winner at our table was the quesadilla.  I didn't get to try it, but my friend loved it.For any coffee drinkers, I'd recommend sticking with hot coffee.  I ordered an iced coffee and you basically get lukewarm coffee since they just throw some ice into their hot coffee.
3	Delicious but overrated IMO. They only thing unique about this place is it's presentation and oversized dishes. I'd rather go to something like that breakfast place in Encino (name escapes me).
3	We came here for breakfast.  We checked in and waited.  And waited and waited.  The lines were very long.  We finally got a seat and were very excited to sit down and enjoy a fabulous breakfast.  Food was just ok.  We got the fried chicken/mashed potatoes/egg combo (forgot what it was called) and a Chorizo skillet.  The skillet was far better than the other dish and this surprised me.  The order on the eggs was wrong (brought scrambled-- ordered over medium) and we waited almost until the end of our meal for this to be corrected.  We also had bloody marys and they were also just ok. This place is fun; presentation of food is unique and I think it is better than most places for breakfast, but I think Vegas is full of overrated places like these.
3	Three of us arrived midday on a weekday. The wait was about 15-20 minutes.We knew the portions were huge and a doggy bag was not an option. So, we decided to share two dishes. But because they frown upon that, we ordered an additional side so they had no issue with three people chowing down on two entrees.We ordered the Sage Fried Chicken and Waffles, Brown Sugar Banana Flapjacks and a side of bacon. In addition, based on some other Yelp reviews, we ordered the Kiwi Watermelon Lemonade.The lemonade was super potent and overly sweet. Even after mixing thoroughly, it was way too much to drink straight. Since I had an unsweetened iced tea, we added a lot of that to the lemonade which made it bearable. Perhaps cutting it with a portion of water (or tea) would make it easier for most to drink.The Sage Fried Chicken and Waffles was made to be a visual showstopper. That was all. I was disappointed because I had been worked up by veterans of this dish. Sure, it was a monstrous pile of food with a huge steak knife and rosemary sprigs holding it together. Sure, it had bacon in the waffles. Sure, it had sage fried chicken. But my opinion went down as I started eating it. The chicken seemed overcooked and dry. I couldn't taste any sage. The waffles were more dense and the bacon didn't really add much. The bright note were the leeks which were very tasty, but not tasty enough to save this dish.The Brown Sugar Banana Flapjacks was really a single flapjack that was so huge it hung over the sides of the plate, and it was already a huge plate to begin with. The flavor was good and a great size to share between three people.I think the most memorable thing was the side of bacon. I was afraid that it would be overkill because there was bacon in the waffles. But this was thick cut hardwood smoked bacon so it was crispy and juicy and super flavorful. Probably some of the best, if not *the* best, bacon I've had.Parking at the Imperial Palace was a bit tricky since there weren't easily visible signs indicating that we were entering the IP garage. If you're not comfortable with driving along the strip, I would recommend taking the tram from another hotel on the strip to the IP.The amount of food you get is a plus, but if this is your first time, I would recommend going with a big group and ordering one chicken and waffles to share between everyone. That way you can try more things on the menu.
4	Great first experience had me back a second time in a weekend! First of all, it is true, be ready to share! Don't be a pig! And be ready to wait as well on some mornings. The wait sucks, but the place is good! The line to the hostess stand is usually crowded with people waiting, so make sure to go up front and talk to someone. Most likely people are waiting and not in line. Once seated, the friendly server got our drink orders in and out to us in a jiffy! I had the Chorizo skillet - pretty tasty and HUGE! my wife had the Sundried tomato, basil & goat cheese scramble. We also had a Traditional Buttermilk pancake. Was really good! The coffee hit the spot as well, forget the swill at the buffet, this was a good bean! Wife had the Bloody and it was fantastic in all its greatness. Really tasty too!I noticed alot of people taking pics of the gigantic plates of food and were laughing at the idea of actually finishing the food in front of them. So share if ya can. I did not finish the feast, but as I rolled out the door, there was a smaller line of hungry people that were pissed because I was grinning from ear to ear in full happiness! Try it at least once.
4	To sum it up in 3 words:Epic meal time.
5	The food was DELICIOUS. This place was the place my boyfriend and I first went to when we arrived to LV, and it was a meal that was definitely worth the wait. I LOVE breakfast food, and this place just raised the bar.  The food portions are huge, so I took it to go and made a midnight snack out of it :) I'd love to come back to this place again. Definitely a must when you visit Vegas :)
3	Came in here BC I was taking in a show at Imperial Palace Sunday evening and thought dinner here would be convenient. We had only about 45 minutes so I asked the waiter if he could rush our order. I went with the BBQ ribs but he returned within minutes to advise me they just ran out. WTH run out at 6:30 pm?  I then changed my order to the NY steak medium rare and it came with asparagus, carrots and mashed potatoes with melted cheese on top. The mashed potatoes portion was large and tasty but the steak was cooked properly but was tough and had to much grissel. For around $28.00 I thought it was overpriced. The waiter was accommodating and friendly but I've visited the San Diego and Sahara LV location and the food here was the most disappointing of the three. We did get to our show in  time which was a plus.
4	Was here 12/8/11 boyfriend had the meatloaf I was jealous I didn't order the same thing it was very well seasoned &moist the mash potatoes were cheesy goodness he said the veggies were tasty too the meatloaf is good! I had the chicken sandwich it wasn't seasoned that well type bland it was a large portion. My boyfriend also said the bartender made a good tasting long island ice tea the food also had a cute presentation and was well priced for so much food thumbs up hash house was the best food we had in Vegas and we ate at the cosmopolitan & bellagio
5	OMG!! Portions can get insane depending on what you get! My boyfriend and I had breakfast here before we left to head home to the Bay Area. He ordered the chicken pot pie and I had french toast. The chicken pot pie was enormous. He couldn't even finish it halfway. That's rare for him! I barely finished my french toast. My french toast wasn't huge, it just had a lot of sides. Service was great, although for breakfast you would have to wait about 30 min because it gets pretty packed. But if you can get in a lot sooner than that, that's even better! I want to come back and try their lunch menu next time.
5	Went here on Sunday morning, Dec. 11th about 9am. We had about a five minute wait as it was really slow in Vegas this weekend. Normally I would expect to wait much longer at any restaurant or buffet on a Sunday for breakfast. We shared the corn-beef skillet, a side of bisquits and gravy, the pistachio mocha drink and the caramel all over everything drink. Our server/bartender/barista was Kye and she handles everything back there no problem. She was also quick to point out that we should save some bisquit for the home-made peach preserves. Guess they put something different out all the time. The food was great, the corned beef was incredible and we had absolutely no questions asked about sharing a meal. My experience was very good and I would definately recommend it AND go back for seconds.
3	Still not a huge fan of Hash House a Go Go, but this is a convenient location and it's usually pretty popping. I typically order breakfast, as I do at the rest of the Hash Houses and it's really not a bad price. The service is good and the portions are enormous. That's what they're known for. My favorite part about Hash House is their biscuits and jam. Honey's good too. I can never seem to get enough. I always think about just ordering a biscuit as my meal, it's filling enough. Definitely a good alternative for a meal that's relatively budget conscious on the strip.
4	After some poking around Yelp to find a lunch spot, I stumbled on this great place which was across the street from my hotel (Caesar's) on the strip. The menu looked right up my alley, and it didn't disappoint. I was concerned when I got to the entrance and saw a bunch of people waiting. Sure, it's a sign that the food must be good, but I was hungry. Well, I was psyched when the hostess pointed me to bar seating. I love bar seating when eating on my own (friends were working a conference). I ordered the chicken & waffles and my only complaint is that my belly couldn't fit more than half of that goodness!Well done with the grub and service.I'm psyched that there's one closer to home in Reno. I'll get there soon.-pat
2	Way too much hype about this place which is maybe why I was more disappointed than I would have been otherwise.  I ordered the egg scramble with roasted chicken and potatoes on the side.  It was BLAND. Even after adding an exorbitant amount of salt, it still was just blah.  The potatoes were fine, but OraIda at home would have been just as good.The people I was with got the fried chicken and waffles.  The chicken was very bland, as well.  Crispy, but flavorless.  Overall disappointing.Service was just so-so.  Hash House A NO Go.
5	A-mazing! Portions are huge and very, very tasty. The brown sugar banana pancake is sweet, warm and gooey. The chicken salad sandwich is layered with great flavor. Whatever happens in Vegas stays there unless you eat here cause you gotta take home leftovers and I was glad the next day at home when I had them. Our biggest regret was not ordering one more whole entree to take home too.
4	Great portions (make sure you bring an appetite) and prices are moderate.The food never fails. Simple, good place.
4	My first impression was, "Featured on Man vs Food...you can see why when you see the huge portions!"Breakfast of champions. If you can go to Hash House A Go Go and finish a plate by yourself, consider yourself a champion. The portions are ridiculous! Their menu entrees list the typical American breakfast foods with a little twist. Their featured item on the menu is the chicken and waffles. I had the fresh Mushroom, artichoke hearts, sundried tomato and fresh spinach hash and it was plenty to share with the boyfriend. The ingredients were very fresh, and it came with a side of a biscuit, an egg, and fruit. It was good, but I still feel like I should have tried their waffle or french toast items because those looked delicious. We opted for the "healthier" choice that day because we weren't feeling well, so I'll definitely have to go back and try their token menu items. There was a bit of a wait, but it wasn't horrible, and our waiter did a good job trying to mediate the traffic.If you want breakfast right away, this isn't the place to go. But if you're down for the wait and willing to try this famous breakfast house then I say go for it.The lasting impression? "Going back for some waffles!"
4	OMG! I had the Sage Fried Chicken Benedict It was fantastic! My friends were similarly impressed with their meals.  I'm not a fan of the decor, but the food more than makes up for it.
5	I ate here again and it was just as great as the first time. The food is excellent and you won't be able to finish your meal. I had the bacon waffle (the bacon strips are cooked right into the waffle) and would recommend it.I also tried the bloody mary and it was just right, not too spicy, not too salty.Like I said in my last review, eat here and you won't be hungry until dinner.
5	When I saw their signature Sage Fried Chicken and Waffles platter on a Las Vegas television show one night I knew I had to try this.  As my buddies stopped into the Imperial Palace casino to throw away a little more cash I decided a mid day feast was in order.  I imagined this place would get pretty crowded, but at 4:30 in the afternoon on a weekend this restaurant was surprisingly empty.My buddies later told me they were concerned that a huge meal a day before the marathon would hamper their performance.  I'm a slower runner than they are though so my only concern was to finish the race and have fun doing it.Back to the restaurant I was greeted and offered a seat at the bar or a table.  I noticed an attractive vixen sitting alone at the bar so I decided I was going to go there and offer her a bit of companionship.  As I sat comfortably into my seat I couldn't help but notice this dainty young lady was eating from two giant platters of food.  She acknowledged my presence, turned to me, smiled, greeted me and told me she's a dancer and hadn't eaten all day.  Don't mind my stare, lady!  I'm not checking out your perfect physique, but I do have an eye on the humongous burger on your plate.  Wait!  Do all showgirls eat like this?I finally picked up my menu.  They offer fresh squeezed fruit juices in 10 ounce and 20 ounce glasses so I went with a fresh tangerine juice, but I'm sitting at a bar, and how does one not have a beer when they're sitting at a bar?  I selected a Pyramid Apricot Wheat Ale (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/f4x1YBxkLrZg652xt2KR5g?select=I1ZZCzT_lKHJ_YthVtc-Cw) and ice water knowing all to well I needed to stay hydrated for the run ahead.I took a quick glance at the food menu although I knew exactly what I wanted to try the minute I walked into the restaurant.  I selected the Sage Fried Chicken and Waffles.  The service here was outstanding.  Every time the bartender left his station he'd return and give me an update on my food.I had a crappy camera with me at the time, but this is what I had (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/f4x1YBxkLrZg652xt2KR5g?select=BagiL1VmvJTeDz_CIsty3w).  It's two huge chicken breasts partial bone attached battered and fried and sitting on an angle atop four squares of bacon-stuffed Belgian waffles drizzled in hot maple syrup.  That's right.  The waffles are stuffed with crispy bacon (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/f4x1YBxkLrZg652xt2KR5g?select=t2IoUrYE-c7cIHRBxkk6ow)!The weight of the two chicken pieces quickly gave way to gravity as they fell onto the plate.  The chicken breast was amazingly juicy and the crispy batter was well seasoned.  The waffles were fluffy and chewy and I hadn't even gotten to the crispy bacon yet.  This signature dish definitely lived up to its hype.  This was outstanding.  I had to sit awhile after nearly finishing that entire platter.The dancer did better than I did taking what little food she left in a to-go box.  As she turned, smiled and bid me farewell I couldn't help but notice how gracefully she walked out the door.  I was so stuffed you might have been able to tip me over on my side and rolled me out the door!Las Vegas dancer or not, this time next year at 4:30 in the afternoon I will be back!
3	Came here with a group of friends on a Sunday night before heading back to LA. I've been anxious to try this place out after watching the "Man v. Food" Vegas episode, although this location is different from the one shot in the show. First off let me say that the service was excellent. Our waiter made sure that our waters were always filled to the brim. I had the corn beef hash and they did a terrific job in presenting the food. It definitely gave me a "Pavlovian-like effect" but despite that, it was A-OK. Even though they gave me a pretty sizable portion, I felt that it was bit too pricey and that we were paying for the presentation and the artistic ingenuity of the food as opposed to the overall quality and taste. Would I go back here again? Probably not. It's worth it to experience it once, but in my opinion the overall quality of the food parallels Denny's.
4	If you can, get here before 11 am to avoid the long wait.  We got here late 9'ish and when we left, the whole entire upstairs was packed with people waiting to be seated.  Having arrived before the lunch crowd, we were immediately seated.  Service was prompt and we had drinks ordered and brought out pretty quick.  Being it was morning time, we were given the breakfast menu I presume since I didn't see any of the lunch or dinner plates listed on their website.  The menu is pretty extensive and our server was keen enough to suggest that she'd give us an extra couple of minutes to look it over.  I did ask when she returned what she recommended or what was the most commonly ordered plate.  With a little snooty-ness and, I guess, pride, she commented everything was good on the menu and all their plates were made in their own unique way.  The statement was something to the effect of, "we may have dishes that's commonplace such as chicken pot pie, but when you have our chicken pot pie, it's nothing like any chicken pot pie that you've ever had."  Okay... I wasn't expecting that, but I'll take her word for it.  She did finish saying the Andy's Sage Fried Chicken and the griddled french toast were popular.  Ultimately, after going back and forth up and down the menu, we ordered the Andy's Sage Fried Chicken http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/f4x1YBxkLrZg652xt2KR5g?select=GLQSZ-UG8v_K61ony2y45Q the Smoked Salmon http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/f4x1YBxkLrZg652xt2KR5g?select=_EB015nkHl9bQ57549bSFQ the Tractor Driver http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/f4x1YBxkLrZg652xt2KR5g?select=K2eFMfxtq6QP5E-fawN3nA cause it sounded cool and the Farmer's Daughter http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/f4x1YBxkLrZg652xt2KR5g?select=I0j--YuQ8lg-ttvGuloyng since it sounded cute.Okay, I'll give our server her pride in the food that Hash House makes since it was all well presented, very plentiful and quite delicious!  Everything from the salmon, to the crispy potatos, to the fried chicken, to the griddled french toast in banana cinnamon cream w/ pecan maple syrup (my absolute favorite!) was made exceptionally well.  It was all quite impressive and I guess you can "church it up" by sticking a strand of rosemary into a biscuit.  Btw, that biscuit was good, but it was heavy and dense enough to be a paper weight.  Coffee was pretty good tasting for an average cup of joe as well.Portions were large and if your appetite and stomach can munster finishing everything on your plate, then you can forego your next meal.  We skipped out on lunch after have a late breakfast (saved some money that way) and we walked it off by strolling the strip and seeing the sights afterwards.  Just remember, get there early before lunch or earlier for dinner and hopefully you won't have to put up with the long wait.
1	Tried the food here with two other friends, based on an absent friend's testimony, and the store's appearance on Man vs. Food. Although there was no nearly wait time when we arrived around 11:30am, what one would think is near peak hours for a restaurant, the food that arrived was pretty terrible. Ordering the tractor combo, $12.95, I got a fairly large blueberry pecan pancake (flour, eggs, buttermilk cheap carbs) with two eggs and two slices of bacon. One of my friends later pointed out that the pancake alone was $7.95. Ripoff combo? I think so. The quality of the pancake was on par with any IHOP or instant mix and the blueberries were undoubtedly frozen and few and far in between along with the pecans.My other friends ordered the Andy's Sage Fried Chicken Benedict, $15.95, and a Burger, $13.95. The Sage Fried Chicken being the restaurant's signature dish seemed like it should be the best dish. However, all that arrived was a heaping mound of mash potatoes (very cheap carbohydrates once again) covered by greens and a pair of biscuits with a fried chicken breast steak. The chicken breast was so dry that the fibers were distinctly frazzled after a bite and tough enough to compete with jerky. The burger that came was clearly overcooked and consisted of low-quality ground beef and over-sized buns. Incessant praise for large portions at this restaurant seem misguiding in that only the cheapest components of each dish are liberally given while the main components (the protein and pricier ingredients) are sparse and low quality. Too many people are wowed by cheap filler and blind to the poor quality of the cooking here. Would definitely not come back. Just go to KFC or IHOP. I'm not fans of either but both are leagues ahead of this joint.
5	Ordered chorizo hash, biscuits n gravy, & bud in a bag. Soooo good! A lot of food for sure. Husband and I split and were stuffed! Quality A++!! Great service. Must go.Okay, had to go back! Same great service!! Tried Sausage n Gravy Pot Pie & French Toast this time. Both were delicious! But I have to say, the French Toast is out of this world!!! If you are on the strip and go anywhere else for breakfast, you are totally missing out! The 3 best things; Price! Portions! Quality!!
5	Made the trek past the Dealertainers in the Imperial Palace and up the escalator to HHGG here on the Strip.  It wasn't very busy on a Friday night about 10:00 and we were seated adjacent to the bar. The friendly bartender doubled as our server and brought us a couple hefty drinks.  Having heard about the chicken and waffles, I had no choice... starting with their house salad with a cucumber ranch, I was a little full when the platter of four waffles and two chicken breasts arrived.  Though not a huge fan of waffles in the first place, these babies were cakey and fluffy, and each held a strip of bacon. Not yo mama's Eggo.  The chicken was hot, crispy and flavorful, without a huge amount of breading.  Two waffles and one chicken breast would have been plenty. BF had a fantastic looking burger with two patties, cheddar, bacon, avocado and all the fixings.  Even though our hotel room didn't have a fridge or microwave, I still trotted back a to-go box and took a couple bites in the morning.  Still tasty.
2	Almost all food on the Strip is overpriced.  In a relative sense, the food at Hash House A Go Go was not as overpriced as some of the other places.The burger was one of the greasiest burgers I have ever eaten.   They even coat the outside of the bun with some sort of oil.
4	FINALLY somewhere in Vegas where I can get a bang for my buck. The prices are decent and the portions are huge. When we arrived, we were told the wait was going to be about 45 minutes but only waited 20 which was good news for my tummy. Our waiter looked overwhelmed but he was quick and did a great job at trying to keep up with all of his tables. For $60 we got the following:Coffee - decentSome coffee pistachio drink - amazingA pineapple mimosa - strong and delicious Soda - not flat so two thumbs up thereCorned beef hash skillet which came with a large biscuit and fruit- tiring after awhileCrispy Cornmeal Salmon Sandwich - this was plated beautifully with sriracha/mayo sauce  drizzled around the sandwichA platter of chicken and waffles - ginormous, salty and sweet goodness in every biteMy only complaint was that the chicken and waffles didn't come with nearly enough syrup. I needs my syrup! I was not only stuffed beyond my skinny jeans but buzzed because my mimosa was super strong so hash house a go go was worth every shiny penny for me!
5	Brilliant portions... Great food.. Good prices ...
5	Once again I found myself eating here and my intuition didn't let me down. I decided to go adventurous and force myself to not get my regular tractor driver combo which is certainly salivating, but I was looking to sample something completely different this go 'round. I found myself leaning towards the corned beef hash scramble while my other guests went for the basic breakfast and my wife had the tractor combo in the end. I must say their corned beef hash was actually really good. It was the first that I had devoured which had not caused my insides to be overloaded with a salty after taste. I tip my hat to the hash house for that one and all others should take note that corned beef hash doesn't need to be over salted to be bueno!This was a short review, but what can I say? The service has always been top notch, the food is out of this world, and thank goodness when I come to Vegas I have found a must see for breakfast time and time again!
5	Was sent her by a friend for breakfast.  I will likely never eat breakfast anywhere else in Vegas.  Their menu, service, atmosphere, presentation, portions and the FOOD were amazing.  All this for half the price of other restaurants on the strip. Walking through Harrah's and the Imperial Palace to get there is like a trip back to the 70s as well.
1	Where do i start ?This is my first review and the first time I have ever been so let down by all the good reviews!Saw it on tv and it looked great!Real life, unfortunately, was a let down.Here are my gripes:1) had breakfast after 11am. They only serve scrambled eggs after 11.     for the price they ask, this seems to be a bit lame!2) pancake was not good!  very tough and very short on flavor!tough?  i could shingle my roof with them!3) my 3 eggs and bacon breakfast was $9.00. Not to far out of range   until  you count the bacon!  2 strips of bacon!!This was not thick bacon, nor was it special bacon!two strips of thin regular bacon!!How can they boast about their 1ib burgers and giant pancakes and oversized and overstuffed everything,  and then serve 2 slices of thin regular bacon!4) dried out biscuit!!  they did not even serve butter and jam with the biscuit!Do they feel that it was so good that it needed no help?I do not think that the management ever eats there, or else they would have to know that they are sub par!Waitress was good though!
5	Holy cow. Where do I start?First of all, I had never heard of this place, and my mom was adament about wanting to try this place because of all the awesome reviews she'd seen here on Yelp! I'm glad she insisted on it, because this place was yummmmm-o. Now, let me be frank, the parking at Emperial Palace is a pain in tukhus. At least it was on the night we came. The restaurant was also a little tricky to find inside the actual casino, but once we figured out where we were going, we were good to go. If there is one word I can use to describe the food here: hugemongous. But that's also leaving out how delicious it is. I ordered the meatloaf with BBQ sauce, and it was DIVINE. Seriously, I wanted to buy a gallon of it and take it home despite how hard it would have been to get it through airport security. I ordered like three extra serving cups of it. The meatloaf sandwich was rich and buttery, and served with a steak knife because it was so freakin' massive. Unfortunately, I couldn't finish it or take it back to our hotel, so I had to leave about 1/2 to 2/3 of it on my plate. Sad. My mom ordered the Pacer's Hash, and it smelled awesome. Our friend Tiffany, who wasn't that hungry, thought it smart to just order a couple of sides, and chose the loaded cheese and bacon mashed potatoes and a side salad. WOAH. These things could hardly be considered sides. They were both the size of an entire meal. So if you're looking for some delicious food at a good price, Hash House is where you'll find it. And, you can burn some of those calories off by gambling downstairs when you're done.... Wait... Maybe I've got that wrong. Oh well. Try it out!
3	My bf and I walked here after we found out that BB Kings charges 10 bucks for their breakfast special of 2 eggs, hash browns and a biscuit. Uh yeah, no thanks.So, it's located on the 2nd floor at the Imperial Palace. Trying to find the hostess stand in this clusterf*ck of people is ridiculous. The stand need to be moved to the entrance to the restaurant, not set back halfway into the lobby. The server was nice, but perhaps a little overwhelmed. The one thing that I noticed here is that the servers didn't really help out any table but their own. Not much teamwork. For example, I sat with an empty glass of iced tea while the waitress at the next station filled empty glasses for her customers and walked right past our table with a half-full pitcher of tea. Nice. I ordered the blue cheese burger which was okay. The meat was dry and not juicy as I had hoped. It was massive, that's for sure and they brush the top of the bun with butter or oil, which makes it really slippery and hard to handle. My bf had the tractor combo with a blackberry granola pancake. He said that it was average. My main complaint here, I think, is the massive amounts of wasted food. Seriously, why does every plate need a whole sprig of rosemary? I get the whole presentation thing, but c'mon. I would rather have smaller portions and be charged less, but that's just me.
4	This place rocks.  I love the chicken and waffles here.  Make sure you go there hungry, you get a ton of food
5	If you have a huge appetite, this is definitely the place to go!I came here on new years eve for lunch.  There was a pretty long wait to be seated but it was well worth it!  As I was waiting to be seated, I looked at the menu and knew that I wanted to order the Sage fried chicken benedict... This dish did not disappoint!  It was a unique combination of amazing-ness all on one gigantic plate. A layer of mashed potatoes was topped with two big biscuits with scrambled eggs, tomatoes, and spinach.  Then, the friend chicken sat on top of the biscuits.  The chicken was crunchy on the outside and juicy on the inside.  Chipotle sauce was poured on top, which covered the entire plate.  There is no way one person could finish this plate on their own (although they would want to).I wish they had one of these restaurants in the Bay Area!
4	Since we were staying at Imperial Palace, why not eat at hash house since i have been wanting to try it. I had the sage chicken benedict. I knew their portions were huge but damn every dish that came out was MASSIVE. I actually was a huge heffer this weekend and I ate my whole plate (don't judge me). Everyone knows how big and artery clogging this could be but i ate every bit of it. I loved the everything the benedict came with, however i wished it came with poached eggs not fried egg. I love the drippy egg yolks, too bad it wasn't on this one. The biscuit and mashed potatoes were good. It did get very heavy and difficult to eat but with everything together a piece of egg, tomato, crispy bacon, and a piece of that juicy chicken made it more delicious.  The chicken wasn't too crispy because of the sauce but it was nice and juicy, not dry at all. I must say...those tomatoes are AMAZING. So sweet and juicy. If there was a whole one on my plate...i'd eat it like an apple. It was that good (I love tomatoes). We wanted to eat there again before we left but it was not possible. They need to open later on sundays too!! People are still hungry!Service was great, the wait was about 30-40 mins but it really wasn't that bad, it went by fast. Just go down stairs to gamble a little to kill some time. -GO ! (a must go you might like it or you might not, but you should try)P.S.: Share the plate. Everything is HUGE.
4	I should have read reviews about this place before going. I was not prepared for the portion sizes! (not that I'm complaining)I had the S'mores mocha, my husband had the Banana Latte. Both were good :)i had the roast chicken has and he had the meatloaf hash. I couldn't even finish mine. somehow my husband managed to polish his off.I would ask that there be some type of jam or butter to put on the biscuts that come w/ the hash. They're too dry to eat plain.We went a few days before x-mas so i can't speak to the regular busy-ness of the restaurant since we were seated right away. Our waitress was friendly but a little slow to give us our check on the way out. oh well!I'll totally go back next time i'm in town.
5	Amazing food, everything was a huge portion, I can defiantly put away food but i could not finish my 1 pound burger. The service was amazing Liz our waitress was funny, fast and made the meal amazing. She was defiantly honest when asked what was good with a sense of sincerity. All had a good time. Defiantly try the French toast and the burgers. All in all i want to go back to Las Vegas just to eat there. Defiantly well worth the visit.
1	Food is good and portions big, but felt like I was in a GRIND JOINT.  We were a party of three.  One person was served before the other two and since his mother taught him not to begin eating until everyone has their plate in front of them, he sat waiting while his food grew cold.  But that is the least of what went wrong.  Though there were numerous tables open we were seated next to a serving station that was the size of a shoe box.  Normally I would refuse a table next to a serving station but it was so small I thought it would be no big deal.  Wrong!  Waiters frequented the station every minute or two.  They slammed doors and tossed silverware creating a noise on the level one would expect to find in a Las Vegas Nightclub.   I asked to be moved but the wait staff (not ours) was unresponsive.  Before I could find our waiter the other tables soon filled making moving impossible.My table mates and I had to yell at each other to be heard, so I'm sure we paid forward the uncomfortable noise level. Why would they have a table next to such a noisy serving station?  And since they do, why don't they train their staff to eliminate as much noise as possible, i.e. don't slam the doors, don't toss the silverware, place it.Will NEVER go there again.
5	I came here  on New Year's Eve with eight of my friends and ordered the French Toast made with bananas, it was so delicious! I am a complete french toast snob as it is one of the few dishes my family makes very well and this surpassed any french toast I have ever had before. The bananas in the batter were subtle and made the F.T . moist and the pecan syrup was so amazing. Perfect combination of food for my taste buds. I only wish I had the recipe because it was simply amazing!
3	.LONGEST LINE for breakfast...........but it did cure my hangover from the night before.  Waited over an hour to get seated here  - surprised such a popular spot inside Imperial Palace.My friend warned me that the portions were huge so we opted to split one of the House Hashes and it was the right decision.  All their house hashes are tossed with crispy potatoes & topped w/ 2 eggs, served with fruit and biscuit.  We split the Famous Meatloaf, roasted red peppers, fresh spinach and smoked mozzarella.  Food arrived warm and it hit the spot. The carbs cured my hangover. I can't say if it was the best hash i've ever had b/c was super hungry.  But it did it's job. Between the two of us this meal only ran about $15 - so it was a good deal for a vegas brunch. I wouldn't say i would wait over an hour again here for breakfast in the future.
5	Out of control.  This place is equal parts style, quality and quantity.  The menu is bold, creative and absolutely delicious, offering stylized versions of classic dishes as well as new ideas.  The portion sizes are ridiculous -  if you are not starving or on a diet, you might consider sharing.  I got a blueberry, pecan pancake that was probably 14-15 inches in diameter.  I tried my my best to finish the rich an tasty - with it's huge mutant blueberries and candied pecans - flapjack, but alas, it could not be done.  The prices are also very reasonable for food of this quality and quantity. If anyone from HH is reading this, you should build locations in Orange County and Los Angeles.  You'd be one of the most popular joints in town!  Perfect score.
5	Hash House A Go Go comes in HUGE portions. No joke! If you are really hungry and have a huge appetite, definitely come here and be ready for the challenge! The wait wasn't that long for the four of us, but I'm glad there was a large menu posted on the wall so that we can already order once we were seated. It gets crowded so expect the wait. I ordered their famous chicken and waffles, which looked extremely presentable and tasted very scrumptious. I like how creative the dish can be, adding in a bit of crispy bacon to the fluffy waffles and maple syrup to the crispy chicken. I tried to finish the meal as a whole, but I ended up bringing the rest to the hotel for later! Plus, I also ordered their gigantic BLT Bloody Mary, which turned out to be just as delicious. Service was excellent at Hash House. The server gave us updates on our food and drinks, which is always a plus on my book.Overall, Hash House is a must when you visit Las Vegas.
5	Husband and I were craving a good breakfast and it was after 11am. I enjoyed the goat cheese/ sundried tomato/ basil scramble w/ their crispy yum potatoes which had lots of diced red onions and bell peppers mixed in.  Loooved it!  My jaw dropped when I saw my husband's plate of monster pancake w/ blueberries and candied walnuts. I actually said, "Holy sh--"  as a genuine response to it. Plenty of good coffee and attentive service as well. The place was hopping and there was a 20 min wait before we got seated.  Was surprised that this popular spot is located up some escalators inside the Imperial Palace Casino. Don't think we would ever have found it otherwise if it weren't for Yelp. Would definitely come back to try some other items.
5	This was my favorite dining experience during my trip to Vegas!The portions are GYNORMOUS, so come hungry and with friends.  We ordered the meatloaf sandwich and the chicken and waffles and split both entrees to get a taste of both.  The meatloaf was well seasoned and moist with a lovely sauce decorating the edge of the plate and the  inside of my mouth.  The chicken and waffles were presented towering high with a steak knife holding it all together.  They were all complimented by brown bag dressed PBR's... always a class act. Great place to try good food in Vegas.  But be prepared to wait 40 min+.  You won't be sorry though!
3	Went here for breakfast on the day after Christmas. Had the sausage pot pie, OMG it was ginormous... how could anyone eat this meal. First of all it was in a deep dish bowl the crust looked like a 12 inch saucer with a 5 inch bowl in the middle, The bottom of the bowl was filled with mashed potatoes with the crust half way in the bowl with sausage with gravy filled in it and scrambled eggs on top. I wasn't able to finish even half of it. It probably could have fed 3 people... Go there if you haven't eaten in a few days....
4	I have waited 5 years to eat here and finally had my chance. Before this trip to Vegas they only had 2 locations that I am aware of, but now they have 4 or 5. If you are anywhere near Imperial Palace, head to the back of the casino and up the escalator to some of the best food you can find in Vegas. You will leave full and ready for a nap, almost no chance of finishing your meal as the portions are big enough for 2 or 3 people. Not bad Bud in a Bag for $5 to get your day started right. If you leave hungry , it's your own fault, this is good ol' comfort food done right. The wait staff is slow so don't be in a hurry.Man v Food meal is very good and filling. Don't waste your time with the pot pie. It sounds good and looks amazing when you see it come out. Unfortunately the pot part is more like cardboard and not worth even a taste. Pancakes are massive, you only need one, wait make that half of one. Snickers pancakes, brilliant.
4	Awesome food.  Go with four people or less.  With a bigger party it will take too long to get seated.  A smaller group and you won't be able to try enough stuff.   Get some of the specialty cocktails, and the snickers pancake.  Thank me later....and walk back to your hotel to work off the calories.
5	I went to the Hash House A GoGo located in the Imperial Palace on Dec 29th. My boyfriend and I went there for breakfast. It was pretty crowded, but I expected that for it to be such a famous place. We had to wait for about 30 minutes, which isn't bad. I ordered the Sage Fried Chicken Hardwood Smoked Bacon Waffle, which was FABULOUS! The chicken tasted like home fried chicken, the bacon was very flavorful and the waffles were cooked to perfection. My meal was very filling, that was the only meal I ate all day. My boyfriend had the pancake combo, which came with one large pancake, when I say large I mean the size of a car rim, eggs and hickory smoked chicken sausage links. Everything was very good.
4	First meal in Vegas before going out. Things to note before ordering:1) Portions are large. Share, share, share.2) The biscuits are BOMB, but filling.  Eat them knowing that you got a huge meal ahead of you.3) There isn't anything wrong with leftovers, they are great food after a night of drinking.Got the eggs, potatoes, and crab cakes. SO GOOD. SO FILLING. best leftovers ever. The asparagus that you get is refreshing too, since everything is ridiculously filing.The service we got a really good too, She was super helpful and polite.A great place to eat on the strip.
2	The Hash House in San Diego is WAY better.  I had french toast and it was not impressed.  The bread was dry and didn't have much flavor.  I had to ask for syrup two times and wait about 5 minutes before I could get any.  My husband had one of the scrambles and liked it.  The bloody mary was good but the mimosa was below average.
5	This is definitely one of my favorite restaurants in Vegas! If u are hungry, this is the place to be! All meals are well garnished and meals looks presentable. The ribs are awesome and the chicken pot pie is the BOMB!
5	the portion was big enough fir 2 people
4	Definitely worth trying out when you're in Vegas. I got the Andy's Sage Fried Chicken Benedict. Like everyone else says, SHARE! It was only one of my girls and me going at the plate and we barely made a dent. Its super carby but such a guilty satisfaction. Also if you're a fan of bloody mary's, do try the BLT Mary. It was strong, had a spicy kick, and BACON. Totally won me over.
2	The food's visually stunning and beautiful; however, once you get down to eating its quite bland. In a strange way I felt swindled.My initial rating was a "1" star; however, the very reasonable prices and large portions forced me to make an adjustment.
3	Long wait for late breakfast/early lunch, close to an hour. Once seated, service was a bit slow (they were packed) and wait time for our orders was sluggish as well. Tried the made-famous Sage Fried Chicken & Waffles (thanks Adam Richman). Didn't really live up to the hype. Some nice flavor combinations, but the whole thing seemed a bit dry. All in all, Hash House was good but a bit over-hyped, over-priced, and probably not worth the wait next time we visit.
2	i came here twice when i was in vegas, ehh i expected better, from all the rave i hear about this place. The presentation deceived me, i ordered the chicken and waffles, waffles had 2 strips on bacon inside which was tasty, but the chicken was just DRY. Ate a few bites and i was done. ill probably try something else on the menu if i ever come back.
4	Sage Fried Chicken Benedict . It was so good, i finished the whole thing by myself! Need something refreshing? try their watermelon drink (:
4	When my friends and I first arrived we waited about 45 minutes for a table (which we thought was ridiculous since the restaurant was half empty).  When we were seated, the hostess was rude to us when we asked if we could move to a nearby booth so we could watch the football game.Considering it's Vegas, I honestly expected a small portions of food for the prices.  However when we got our food all of us were surprised by how large our meals were; all of us were only able to eat about half our orders and had to take the rest to go.  It was like we got 2 meals for the price of 1.  Our waitress and servers were extremely nice to us.  When we caught a mistake on our bill, the waitress had no problem correcting it.Other than the unpleasant hostess, I would definitely recommend this place if you're wandering the strip and are very hungry  =)
1	Horrible service. We went here for dinner and ordered a beer that was served in a large goblet. One of the cups had a very large spider in it when it was brought to our table. (See photos). There was no attempt to correct the mistake other than replacing the cup. We complained and the waiter did not take it seriously and kept brushing it off.
4	Such an odd location for a restaurant like Hash House A Go Go, but thankfully there were huge signs when you enter the Imperial Palace Casino to direct you to this spot. I heard about this place from my parents, who had wanted to visit the original Hash House in SD, but had to back out because of the ridiculous wait. There was also a bit of a wait at this location (~30 minutes for 3 people on a Wednesday afternoon), but when we were seated we noticed there were a lot of open tables; I suppose they didn't have enough waitstaff. Our server was amazing; really fast and friendly, calling us "sweetie" and checking back on us frequently. I decided to go for the famous fried chicken and waffle plate, and my sister and bro-in-law went for the same but in an eggs benedict version. I also had the spritzer, which was refreshing and not overly sweet. There's a very strong chance that I may be biased to give my chicken and waffles a good rating due to its behemoth size -- it was awe-inspiring -- but it actually tasted good, too. The chicken was actually tender and moist with a strong hint of rosemary (that, and the stick a whole sprig of rosemary into the chicken). The skin was ridiculously crunchy and peppery. The waffles had bacon embedded into it...I mean, c'mon, how could you go wrong with carbs, butter, and bacon? I guess it is so wrong, it's right.
4	I am a huge fan of all things Hash House!It's solid, dependable, go-to food in Vegas and with this location on the strip, it is now convenient!The food, on a whole won't blow you're mind but it's darn good and there's lots of it. The only thing that rubbed me wrong about this location (vs the others) was the lack of natural light. The entire restaurant feels like it's up in an attic and there isn't a window to be seen. I have very mild claustrophobia so this made me mildly panicky.... Being in Vegas, I think they would do well to offer a Happy Hour menu, but that's just me.
3	Big portion, but takes forever to get to you. I had the ckn hash, and the ckn was good with the potato. I usually don't do the carb, but I did because it looked and smelled good. They were nice enough to give egg whites, no subs tho.Fruits could of been better instead of a slice of cantelop and a slice of something else. I think the bacon waffle could of been more crispy instead of so plain and white looking. The cost was seriously buttered up, so if you like buttered toast, choose that then!I do like the tea (orange spice and also ordered lemongrass). I had to wait forever for the server to come over, at first they said they sat us at a table no server, then turns out that a party of 12 was there so our server was occupied. The price is ok for the portion and amount of food. Enough for you to take food home with you. There's also no heat lamps so food is brought out as they are made, so you might have to eat your food first than your guest.
4	This is my first stop when I'm in Vegas for any meal. The portions are so big and yes its a bit pricey but well worth the money. I've ordered the Chicken and waffles and I've also had the pancake which happens to be the size of the plate. The service is great and fast. You might have to wait for a table depending on what time you get there but over all this place rocks.You must try their bloody Mary super spicy and a huge glass of delight.
5	HUGE Portions !!The Burgers are Huge & all Stuffed, Can Feed 2PPL 4Sure. Breakfast was Good esp the Biscuits & Gravy !! Chicken & Bacon Waffles were yummy too!Fun Place 2 Eat & Laugh at How Huge everything is !!
3	good food coma food. i call the food here instacoma food. large portions and i do mean large. the pancakes are delicious and the food is good good good. the first bite is to die for, the taste does get old real quick. the service was ok. took a while for the order to get taken and also to get the check.
5	When a place gets a FIVE STAR review from me it is rare, and well deserved. I'm quick to tell you about the bad places because you should be warned I know the value of a dollar, and the good places youll find out about yourself but I loved this place so much, it would make so much money in Los Angeles. Well here it is... HUUUUGEEEE portions, I couldn't finish.. and I ALWAYS finish everything on my plate, always.. I was dying with deliciousness.. Bacon stuffed waffles and fried chicken. They tell you when they take your order; everything is freshly made so the order might take a while to cook. It was the fastest meal I was ever served. And the price to portion size to taste ratio was wonderful were talking 1:3:5.. Will definitely go back and only wished I went here sooner instead of the day we were leaving. Note: get the cucumber ranch dressing to dip the chicken in.. Bomb! Only thing I didn't like was the sage stick hanging out the chicken, in the way and not my favorite flavor but hey, just ask for no plants and you're good :DIN MY OPINION:  this would be my final meal... 5 stars!
2	I'm probably in the minority here, but this place just didn't live up to the hype.Went here for Christmas brunch with the whole family. We ordered a bunch of stuff but I'll review their 2 most famous that I tasted: Chicken and Waffles and their Eggs Benedict, and my nephew also ordered the Hamburger that I took a bite.On presentation and portion size alone, HHAGG gets a 5+ stars.  However, on taste it's just a 2 star. Sorry, maybe it's a case of expectations. When you have such great presentation, I expect the taste to explode in my mouth. It was more of a whimper. It's not bad, but it's not great and would have gotten a 3 star but I guess the hype actually hurts the place. And despite the generous portions, I didn't want more. Give me less, charge me less, and I probably would have given it a 3 star.
4	Was packed on a Sunday afternoon.  Glad we came though.  Had Andy's chicken and waffle.  Bacon was infused in the waffles, so you can't go wrong.  The chicken had a sage flavor to it, and was nicely breaded.  The breading actually stayed on the chicken as you cut it, instead of falling apart.  Our waiter Jason was pretty cool.  It was busy, and you can tell he was in a rush, but took the time to split our checks.  Definitely a good stop for a foodie.  Portions are huge like everyone says.  I think 2 plates could have fed us 5 guys.  Try it out.
3	01.22.12These portions are NO JOKE.  You are guaranteed to drag your feet back to wherever you came from due to a massive food coma.The three of us made the mistake of each ordering our own dish.  HUGE mistake, as each of us probably finished 30% of our meal.My mouth watered as I read the description for the chicken pot pie [http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/f4x1YBxkLrZg652xt2KR5g?select=-6yQPWgE00jh-P1jbjDX0g].  It watered again as the waiter described the fried chicken benedict [http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/f4x1YBxkLrZg652xt2KR5g?select=9cTIvMmphM_aqx8ziBjc_A].  Good thing there are large portions of both to go around.There is a reason Adam Richman did a challenge here.  I didn't fully realize how big of a beast he was until I saw our plates.  I bow down to Adam, and the food definitely won this round.Do yourself a favor with a little pre-planning and grab a restaurant.com certificate to save yourself a couple of bucks (for drinks, you know)?Total damage for three (after certificate): less than $40
3	KILLER PORTIONSNeed I say more?After thinking hard on what to order, we ordered these:-Andy's sage fried chicken & bacon waffle tower drizzled with hot maple reduction & fried leeks: I thought I would have a heart-attack once I saw how huge it was...in person! Yup...But an enjoyable one, of course... I was actually surprised that it tasted as good as it was! All the flavors go so well together & the fried chicken is surprisingly not greasy at all! & the waffle . . . I love waffles, but this one has bacon pieces inside them!!!Bacon-anything insures "yummy" flavor, so as you can tell, this dish was excellent!-House hash with fresh mushroom, artichoke hearts, sundried tomato and fresh spinach tossed with crispy potatoes & topped w/ 2 eggs, served with biscuit: again, this comes packed in a big skillet, so you can  guess how big the portion is . . .This was definitely more of a healthier choice from the menu, but the portion...will not make it so healthy  afterall ;)I would probably cook this much food for the whole family; not for one person-only thing i recommend you at hash house a go go is that you think about the portions & share accordingly . . . We ordered two dishes for four people & we still had some left-over!So unless you want to take home big portions as your next meal, sharing is caring!
3	Good dinner. I had the chicken sandwich which was ok. My wife had the Chicken Benedict wich was far better than my sandwich.
5	vegas's best breakfast EVER!!!! ginormous portions!  i had a mango coconut pancake that was even good reheated in the hotel microwave!  the pancake is at least 10" in diameter.  I might have finished a quarter of it at the table. might.  i did finish the rest later tho!  never thought i'd eat a leftover pancake...... i always get the goat-cheese salad too cuz i'm a sucker for goat cheese everywhere i go.... its warm yumminess that doesnt even make mii mind the fact that i'm eating vegetables ;)  everything is fresh and scrumptious!my dad got a skillet that was also big enough to feed two.  the biscuits come with basically everything, also ridiculously huge in a good way!  they're about 4-5" tall and come out fresh and piping hot with a sprig of rosemary planted in the middle.  (u just have to see the portion sizes to know how big beautiful and wonderful all the food there is!!!!
4	As the cheddar cheese slowly repels from the burger, I quickly snatch it with my tongue before the jealously hungry plate that caresses my burger even touches my meal. Yes I am a jealous person when  it comes to good food.  Hardwood smoked bacon, avocado & cheddar burger on a fresh bun (I do not know the name of the bread but it was YUM!)  was fabulously delicious with the fries as the only disappointment. To me they tasted as if they were borrowed from Burger King.And the woman sitting on the table next to us kept asking questions when we took a bite. That's okay. She was curious about everyone's food taking a photo of me every time I sunk my teeth into the over-sized $13.00 burger.The server was fabulous checking up on us frequently; however only exception was the busboy and hostess did not bring the Cucumber ranch dressing my friend was eating in a bowl large enough to fit a 10 pound cat. We had to ask the waiter and he brought it to us within 2 minutes. If only the busboy could have taken two minutes from the conversation with the hostess about his dog to bring the dressing might have brought up the score 1 notch.NO COMPLAINTS ABOUT THE HUGE PORTIONS.
4	Huge tasty good food!  Get there early, there is always a wait.
5	Simply love this place. There isn't a single item that I've tried that I haven't loved. Portions are out of control, and the prices aren't bad (less than $20) per entree.  I'm glad its in IP now so I don't have to leave the strip.  Also, as with anything in Vegas, if you don't want to wait, an extra tip goes a long way.Top Choices-Breakfast - Fried Chicken Benedict. If you only come here once, you have to get this.-Lunch/Dinner - The Meatloaf pasta is amazing, huge flavor in the pesto/basil/tomato and oil they put over the linguini.The Chicken pot pie is also amazing. It's like an endless, flaky bowl of chicken and vegetables.I could eat every meal here, except the buffets get in the way.
4	Came here for breakfast after a night on the strip. We sat at the bar and found that the service was great. My husband and I decided to share the scramble with chicken, roasted red pepper, and corn. Without looking around, we decided to get an extra biscuit since my husband LOVES his biscuits. What a mistake that was. HUGE portions. The biscuits were as big as two of my fists together. Overall, best breakfast we've had on the strip. We're STILL raving about the breakfast scramble and plotting how we'll recreate it at home! Great coffee with fresh cream also. A little expensive, but perfect to share if you want to. Make sure to get there early - the line was outrageous when we left!
3	I ordered the Andy's Sage Fried Chicken & Bacon Waffle Tower. The chicken was juicy and flavorful. The crust was excellent especially with the maple syrup. The Bacon Waffle was a bit dry, so wasn't a big fan of it.I also tasted my buddy's Big O'crispy hand hammered pork tenderloin sandwich, which was not good at all. It's similar to a chicken fried steak w/o the gravy, so it was dry.Portions are massive, so I recommend sharing one dish with another person.
4	I read the other reviews about the wait being intense, but i assume thats only for breakfast and not dinner, because for dinner there was no line at all. Anyways...Looking at the menu, everything sounds so good, So i got what i craved, Chicken and Waffles. Honestly, the portions are tooo much. I couldn't eat it all, but it was pretty good. The way they fried the chicken was different, maybe better than roscoes chicken? DAMNNN. The waffle was strange. It had bacon in it which sounds delish, but it just tasted like the waffle wasn't fully cooked or something.My friends loved their burgers and Benedict's they ordered.This is one place I need to come back to for breakfast next time.
5	My friend has the fried chicken sandwich and it was amazing. It looked like and whole chicken on Texas Toast.  I had the Crab cake and that was amazing as well. The crab cake came with scrambled eggs, hash browns, and a few slices of melon. I will recommend this place to anyone that goes to Las Vegas. The service was great and so was the food. I would recommend coming in with a huge appetite or sharing with someone. The portions are huge.
5	WOW.... This is why America is the greatest country in the world. Chicken and Waffles.. The Chicken Sage Benedict... both are beautiful large portions of a meal. Go with an appetite. This is by far my new favorite place in Vegas.
5	Chicken & Waffles...so amazing!  Bacon baked right into the waffle, topped with fired chicken and crispy fried leeks on the top...cover all that with warm maple syrup...I want to go back right now!
4	There is nothing redeeming about this place....That in itself is its redemptionHash House A Go Go is massive comfort(aka tasty, high calorie, butter, lard, sugar) restaurant inside the Imperial House on The Strip.  It is authentic with wood floors, basic tables, etc.  It emulates a roadside diner.  The wait staff is friendly and efficient.The menu is light on health, low calorie options and rather heavy on burgers, fried foods and other breakfesty type of foods.  I had the house cured salmon, healthy enough, until you place it over two biscuits, add gravy over a bed of mashed potatos(loaded with cream, I am betting)....It did have two pieces of asparagas.Healthy...no...damn good...Yes.  My friend had a burger.  It said burger on the menu, but it actually was a big piece of cow with a ton o' spuds.  Big.  Unhealthy. BurgerBecause neither of us had the USDA requirement of sugar, we split the $7.95 Banana and brown sugar pancake.  Pancake was the size of the platter, just plain tasty.  When I have my heart seizure, they will be pulling this meal out of my veinsHash House A Go Go....The obesity epidemic may well have started here, but the food is plentiful, honest and deliciousI am currently fasting
3	It's quite unfortunate that this place is located inside Imperial Palace because, let's be real, Imperial Palace is JANK and you didn't go all the way to Vegas to spend time in there. However, our group was craving some hearty brunch food, so we decided to go here. In the middle of the casino floor, there's an escalator that leads exclusively to this restaurant. At the top, there's a waiting area and, further in, the actual restaurant.We went around lunchtime and were told that it would be about a 30 minute wait. But luckily, a couple tables freed up earlier, and the hostess took us in halfway through our wait. We had to split up into two adjacent tables to go in earlier, but we didn't mind if it meant getting seated earlier.Because I was so hungry, everything sounded so good and I had a hard time deciding what to get. I ultimately decided to get the Sage Fried Chicken & Waffles since it was one of their special dishes. I also got the Watermelon Kiwi Lemonade.- Yes, the portions are large. My dish was definitely big enough for two. I guess it's kind of a novelty, but they must waste a lot of food here. Most people probably get their own dish and aren't able to finish, which of course means it gets dumped into the trash. I feel like it would be more economical for both parties if they served smaller portions and charged a little less.- The Sage Fried Chicken & Waffles were good, though. The sage flavor took the chicken up a notch from being your standard fried chicken. The waffles were cooked perfectly, and the pieces of bacon embedded in the waffles added a nice dimension to them without overwhelming with bacon flavor. If you're a fan of chicken and waffles, I think this dish is worth a try.- Definitely get the Watermelon Kiwi Lemonade! It was delicious! And it's so pretty when it first comes out. :)Something funny about this place... They stick a sprig (or a few) of rosemary into everything. Just look around. Everything has a long sprig of rosemary sticking out of it. They must have a big basket of them in the kitchen that every dish passes by...Despite the food being pretty good, I didn't leave this place feeling particularly great. I think it was a combination of being OVERLY full and this place being inside Imperial Palace...
4	My 1st time here and i loved it (except having to wait 15 mins). We went on a Sunday around 10am and there was ppl waiting around all over the place, I was like omg this is gonna be a long wait but since we walked from Aria to eat here we were gonna wait no matter what and thankfully we had to only wait 15 mins which isn't bad but when they called us to be seated they took us to the room on the left and why was there lots of empty booths? but they had everyone waiting. Well anyway i ordered the Farm Scramble with Bacon Avocado, Onions and Swiss, it was so freakin good and huge it came with crispy potatoes( super yum )and a biscuit! My bf had the Andy's Sage Fried Chicken Benedict and he liked it a lot also, the portions were big ,we both didn't finish our food even tho we tried too lol. They were a bit slow and didnt really check up on us til we were done ,but I would definitely come back!
4	They are really generous with their servings. Seriously. Their servings are made for giants. One order is good enough for two people. My boyfriend and I thought we could handle the plates, so we got one appetizer and one meal... Definitely only finished 3/4 of it. It got us really stuffed! We really enjoyed the appetizer we got. It didn't even seem like an appetizer at all, more like a meal for one. I forgot what it was called, but it was with angel hair pasta and crab cake. It was something I have never tasted before. It was really delicious!So delicious, four tables nearby ours ordered it too. I'm not even kidding. One of them, being a party of one, ordered that as his meal alone. Another, was a couple we definitely befriended because we couldn't stop talking about Hash House's food. This couple told us they specifically go to Hash House just for this appetizer! YES, IT'S JUST THAT GOOD. The man ordered it all for himself PLUS another entree, and he ate it all. Unbelievable. Haha.Just like the couple, I will ALWAYS visit Hash House when I'm in the area just for their angel hair pasta and crab cake. Yum. Oh, and as for the other entree we ordered, it was okay... you can definitely feel the unhealthiness of it as you eat. It made me feel heavy. Angel hair pasta though, that definitely wheeled me in for sure. (:
5	FANTASTIC!Found this restaurant on restaurant.com and got a $25 coupon for free. Ended up spending $10 for our meal and it was the best $10 I ever spent. In fact, we ended up going twice in our 4 day trip!Portions are GIGANTIC and that is not sacrificed by the tastiness of the food. I got the tenderloin with mashed potatoes AND biscuit AND egg and it was as large as a computer monitor. Seriously? Wow. Amazingly delicious sounding drinks with alcohol and bacon and chocolate. Didn't get any of it but it sounded intriguing. We are going back to Vegas in a couple months and absolutely making another stop here.
5	Excessive. Just effin excessive.Hash House is the comfort food equivalent of watching Wipeout or maybe motorboating a generously proportioned woman.  Its... extreme.  Fried Chicken, on a biscuit, on mashed potatoes with a chipotle cream sauce poured over the whole thing.  Yes. Really. For serious.  And unless you can make a Ryan's buffet manager cry, you'll need to share.  The portions are GUT BUSTING.  We're talking 4 waffles with two fried chicken breasts on top here.  The table next to us ordered the hammered pork tenderloin, and I seriously thought it was a fried doormat. Insane.Ate here every morning I could in Vegas.  You might regret Hash House an hour later, but you won't forget the experience... and you'll go again given half the chance.
5	I was so surprised to find such great food inside the casino. Order one meal for two people, as portions are huge! Which was a little disappointing because I could've tried more dishes. We shared the crab cakes, yum. I am also impressed with the chef's presentation. Danielle was absolutely delightful! Really, she loves her job, and we can tell.
4	ordered the Sage Chicken and Bacon Waffles. Just how do they get the bacon into that waffle iron, fantastic! Sage fried chicken was two breasts, which required some additional salt to bring out the deep fried goodness. Overall pretty solid and a huge portion. Servers are very attentitive. The place gets packed so come before the 'walkers' come in.
2	If you are planning to go here due to the awesome experience you've had at the San Diego location then DON'T DO IT! it'll totally ruin your fond tasteful memories of this place. This location does not have the same stuff on the menu. No strawberry mimosa?! super weak! the presentation of the food was awful. The 5 hostesses were pretty unorganized. It started off on a bad note and definitely ended on a bad note.
4	Eating here is like eating the equivalent of a buffet's worth of food on one plate.Unless you've been saving your stomach all day for this, you should share with a friend. Two of my friends came here a little past noon on a Saturday, and it was obviously packed. The wait was about 45 minutes, which is fine when you can walk around and gamble. My friend and I shared the salmon scramble, which has tomatoes, pesto, and brie. It was very good, but neither of us could taste the brie at all. The crispy potatoes were amazing, and the biscuit was warm and fluffy. You have to ask for butter/honey, which is kinda weird. Biscuits without butter is just wrong. My other friend had the chorizo hash, which she really liked. No matter how much she tried to eat, it didn't seem like she made a dent in her food. Unfortunately, our hotel fridge didn't have room for her leftovers so it was kind of a waste. If you can, try to come later. By the time we left around 3 PM, there was no wait.
3	Hash is famous for their chicken and waffle. But I decided to ordered the Kokomo instead which is also popular and my boyfriend ordered the chicken and waffle. I gotta say, I was disappointed. The meatloaf was dry. It wasn't what I was expecting. It was just bad. On the other hand, I did try the Chicken and waffle and it was good. It had crispy skin and you can taste the sweet syrup on it. Well I think it's syrup. So the bad: The wait time was super long. It was  About 45 min. And another 40 min for the food.The good: chicken was okay good and the beer. Overall, the chicken was good but nothing spectacular.
5	So our first stop was Hash House A Go Go, as seen on both Food Network (Chefs Vs. City) and Travel Channel (Man vs. Food and Food Paradise). We got the Sage fried Chicken and waffles. Just so we're clear, I totally forgot about this, but bacon is cooked into the waffle. I repeat the bacon is in the waffle. Four waffles piled on each other, with two pieces of fried chicken at the top skewered by a stick of sage, covered with fried leeks and drizzled with maple syrup (Don't worry syrup lovers, they also give you a little dish of more syrup). Fried Chicken and Waffles are my jam, I don't like eggs so I don't have a lot of breakfast foods I do like, but this combines the best of not just both worlds, but all worlds. The chicken was moist and juice, had a fantastic crisp noise when you broke into it. And the waffles, crisp enough with slabs of bacon just hanging out. All combined with maple syrup and you have a winning combination. We heeded many warnings and split it between two of us. Because of that we also allowed ourselves a side of crispy potatoes, which were good, just paled in comparison to whatever else we had going on on our tastebuds. It was all very intense, we got there around 9, just missing massive crowds, and we didn't eat again until dinner.
5	Great service. Amazing food. Huge servings (good to feed a starving couple that will fill them the whole day). Always worth the wait. They definitely need to open one in LA!
4	This place was a great find inside the Hotel, large portions great choices.  There was a choice on the menu that was called something about a nascar fan breakfast.  It was a plate of bacon and 24oz Budweiser.  That was just great...
5	Loved this place...it was a bit complicated to get to...it's in the middle of Imperial Palace. I ordered the sage fried chicken and waffles. I was a bit surprised to find bacon inside of the waffles...you may want to request plain waffles. My husband ordered Snicker flapjacks...we both wasted a lot of food and that usually doesn't happen. Their portions are gigantic!
4	Read some reviews for a good breadkfast place to eat. Came across this place and wanted to try it. Came here yesterday, Sunday around 12pm. Very packed. Sign that it's the place to be... Ordered a Bloody Mary while we waited.. Spicy but delicious! Food was good. I had the famous Bacon Waffles & Sage Fried Chicken. It was amazing! The presentation was the best part They stack your waffles & stack your chicken on top with a knife thru it.. Outstanding service as well. Can't wait to go back and try other stuff :)
3	After visiting a few Hash Houses now I've come to believe that the food is mediocre, but the proportions have people speechless giving this place more stars than it deserves. I've tried many things including the {CHICKEN AND WAFFLES}, {SALMON SCRAMBLE} to the {EGGS BENEDICT} and really the food is just okay, definitely not worth the wait that there always seems to be. Yes, this place has gigantic portions at good prices, but if you are looking for quality food, I'd go elsewhere.
5	Was here 3/7/12It was awesome!  My wife had the Chicken and Waffles.  Chicken and Waffles def took the blue ribbon!  Waay better than Roscoes.  The waitress was AMAZING!!  I wish I remembered her name, young white girl with dark slick hair, calls you "Hun".  She treated us like Royalty.  She is a perfect example of how a waiter should treat their customers.  If I had the money I would have tipped her $100.  They accepted our discount "Bite Card" and took off 25% from our bill.  The Kiwi Pomegranete lemonade the waiter recommended was pretty awesome!  I would def come back again.
5	My husband new about this place and heard it was great and he was right.  We split and a breakfast hash and chorizo plate and a waffle and we both full.
3	I was really excited to see this on the itinerary from my weekend in Vegas. I have heard great reviews about it from the food network and friends. I have to say that I was very disappointed. The food was just ok in my mind nothing speculator. I know they are famous of the chicken and waffles but I did not get that because it does not seem appetizing to me. I did try some and I thought the waffles were great but the chicken not so much. I got the BBBLT and a side of fries. The portions are huge and had I known that I would have probably split it with someone even though I did finish the whole sandwich.My biggest complaint of the whole experience was that my food took forever to come out especially after everyone in my party was already served. I also felt like the waiter was overwhelmed and instead of having someone help him he just tried to do everything himself which made service pretty bad. For being on the strip I did not think that the price was that bad. I definitely would give this place a shot just to say you have been but I felt there breakfast and lunch menu could have been bigger and more diverse. I definitely would try it again if I was in Vegas.
4	Just had my second stop there in two years. This time I had a full pound bluecheese burger. It was huge and lonely cause I had no one to share a side with so I didnt get one.The burger was JUST OK! big for sure and I think my side of Blue Cheese dressing was large enough to swim in. Nice touch but over kill for sure. I admit I have had a better burger, but not a bigger one and it was less then 10 bucks!!!The space is looking dated, and needs some sprucing up, but the center strip location cant be beat.I think I might drop in on my next trip to Vegas, cause the bacon waffels still haunt me... in a good way.
5	Can you say HELLLLOOO HANG OVER FOOD! Hash House is inside Imperial Palace where I was staying for 3 days.  We had the pleasure of going twice.  The first day we had quite a long wait approximately an hour but once I received my food, I understood why.  The special that day was chicken and waffles and they were down to ONE waffle iron for the whole restaurant.  YIKES!The setup of this place is pretty typical - nothing fancy but definitely clean and orderly.  The  portions are huge and the prices are surprisingly not a hard hit to your wallet.First things first, Bloody Mary BLT.  It comes with toast, bacon, lettuce, tomato and deliciousness of a perfectly concocted Blood Mary drink.  It was a beautiful display and the BLT was a great appetizer to my hungry/angry aka "hangry" tummy.  Like I said, this day the food was very slow and they brought out our dishes one at a time.  We had four at our table and the first person was finished eating by the time the fourth received their food.  I ordered the corned beef and eggs.  It was actually corned beef and not hash - SCORE!  Deliciously flavored and hot at arrival.  My boyfriend and our friend ordered the chicken and waffles.  I tried a bite reluctantly and lets just say I do not like the combo, however, the professional chicken and waffle consumers at my table had rave reviews.  Our friend finished his plate so they brought him a signed menu congratulating him.  It is a big feat to clean your plate so they have a fun way of recognizing the big eater! Our 2nd time going to HHAGG, there was no wait.  The service was a delightful woman who was fast and extremely polite.  I ordered the chorizo/eggs which was equally delicious as my first trip.  Even if I do not stay at Imperial, Hash House will be a staple in my Vegas breakfasts for each trip!  Well done my friends, well done!
5	Coming into Vegas, I researched a ton to make sure I get to the best places. Realized that the portion sizes were huge! So me and my mom split the benedict with rosemary chicken, It was awesome! Great cocoa too!
4	Absolutely jaw dropping food when it's served, and it tastes just as good.Their signature BLT Bloody Mary was a meal in itself.  We ate at both the one in the Imperial Palace on the Las Vegas strip as well as the one at The Plaza Hotel in old Vegas.  Both were excellent, but the one in old Vegas has much less of a line.If you go to the one on the strip, eat at the bar so you won't have to wait.The prices were VERY reasonable for the amount of food you get, and two people can easily split an entree. Their sage fried chicken benedict was beyond words!You HAVE to check this place out...especially after a night of partying.
5	Read the reviews on here, sound like a good try for a late breakfast/early lunch.  Little did the know the portions were big enough to cover dinner too.Downsides - Its in the Imperial, which is a little old, a little...well, some unpleasant order wafted through the air as I made my way to the Hash House.  The wait was long, but thats tto be expected at a good, affordable ( for the strip ) food.Upside - Very friendly, if harried, service.  Very good presentation of enormous amounts of food.  And best of all, its yummy.  I had the Sage fried chicken bendedict.  Chipotle hollandaise  sauce.  Enormous homemade biscuit.  Tender, flavorful chicken, scrambled eggs, great bacon...really quality food.  Lots of it.  My advice - bring a friend or a wheelbarrow.  If you have the time, highly recommended.  If you don't have the time, make the time.
4	i really love this restaurant it very original ... i think it a very unique looking place and serves very great portions of food my bf and his dad order biscuits and gravy with eggs and bacon and i order the pancake..which was bigger then the plate.. my bf mom order a standard breakfast but they all look big and delicious and well made ..the prices were awesome .. the food taste really good so it was a good experience nome!!! not your run of the mill breakfast and brunch plate..it was like a homemade southern breakfast plate more of an old style which a high end plating.. which made it look fancy  lol t too oh they played a lot of johnny cash which tie everything together.. lol i love this place and will be going back!!!
5	Fair Warning - this place is a diamond in the rough, truly...  It's inside one of the real dumps on the Strip . . . Imperial Palace.  The place reeks of yuck.  But on the second floor (just around the escalator) is this amazing place.  Think "IHOP on steroids."  For example, the pancake must be two pounds of batter and real fruit.  The hash really is corned beef and real potatoes and veggies (not that canned crap).  The service is quick (though expect to wait a bit); and the waitstaff is friendly.  Don't expect Spago.Do expect great food and portions that will bust your waistline.
3	Blueberry Pecan flapjacks, that is all!Of course it wasn't named Hash House for its flapjacks, so I guess I'm gonna recommend trying the hash as well. Portions are huge, enough to share. Service was good. Our server, Mark, was very attentive although I didn't like how he brought the bill over when we weren't even halfway through our meal.Go right after it opens at 8am, it gets pretty busy even for a weekday.You can get Total Rewards points for eating here.
4	the wait to get in here is always around 45mins but it is well worth it !Be prepared to come starving , and be full for the rest of the day.  Prices are reasonable and the food is outstanding. I have ate here twice and both times I must say were great.  It's almost impossible to finish your plate as they make Claim jumper look like a mcdonalds happy meal.... :)
3	Just okay food, the portions are huge so it is a god value. The bluberry pecan pancakes was my favorite, The meatloaf hash was lacking in flavor . Will find a new breakfast spot next time im in Vegas, but it was worth trying though.
4	The wait for a table is super long and the wait to get your food is even longer.  Seriously, takes almost an hour from the time you order your food unti you get it and they let you know up front it's going to be that way.  If you can manage to wait that long, the food is really good.  Sage Fried Chicken Breast & Waffles was amazing.  I loved it.  I also tried the Hand Hammered Pork Tenderloin and it was really good.  I don't normally like pork but this was really great.  The pancakes were delicous as well.  I got the one with bananas in it.  Like everyone else said the servings are ginormous.  I also really liked the jam that's on the table.  It's damn good jam.  If you can manage to wait forever for your food, I recommend it but it takes an eternity.
5	This place is GREAT but beware the portions are HUGE!  The prices are great, hubby and I should have shared our biscuits and gravy but he didn't listen to me!  Two large fluffy biscuits topped with yummy gravy exploding with sausage!  He got his with mashed potatoes, I got mine with crispy potatoes, and they were excellent.  I think it was only about $12 to $14 for the biscuits and gravy, which would have been great if we would have shared!  :)  The bloody Mary was just ok, it was pretty bland, I had to keep dumping Tabasco in it.  The food is delicious, everyone enjoyed their meals... Supposedly everything is farm fresh and made from scratch.  Highly recommended, this place will be a definite stop next time we are in Vegas!
4	This is the only place I will eat at the Imperial Palace. The other places in this casino make me cringe. The food is great and with so many options that sound so good you will have a tough time deciding on what you want. The portions would make any dietitian sick to their stomach but will fill yours. Very good food, nice servers and clean location. If you are solo or 2-3 of ya try sitting at the bar to bypass the line if there is one.
5	The wait was long. So grab a pager, pull $20, and play 25 cent video poker downstairs while waiting.  The portions were huge...seriously you could feed three people with every entree.  But where's the fun in that?  I ordered the Fried Chicken Benedict and my friend ordered the Chicken and Waffles.  We were both in awe of the genius of having strips of bacon in the waffle batter.  The food was great and definitely worth the wait.  I'll definitely be back on my return visit in Vegas in July.
3	Ok, so I've heard so many things about Hash House A Go Go, my expectations were high, but you kinda disappointed me... The wait was crazy, yes, I get that, it's Vegas, St. Pattys Day/March Madness weekend, but we got there at 11:30 and didn't get to eat until about 1:45. Really? The reason we stuck around was because we heard good things about the food. So we get seated and place our orders and I got the Salmon Benedict (mind you, it's not the traditional Hollandaise sauce, it was a red chili cream which was yum); but I was all stoked because it was supposed to come with basted eggs. Imagine my disappointment when it came with scrambled eggs (yes, I know wahhhh). I was going to send it back, but after waiting that long, I didn't dare chance it. It was still yum...Our waitress was super sweet, I'm knocking off 2 stars for the wait and the hosts, because they actually forgot about us and finally sat us when someone in my party went up and said, hey, what the French Toast? :) Perhaps I need to go to San Diego and see how it's really done.
4	Large portions of made to order unique breakfast items.   The wait can be a headache and the decor is old which is the reason I gave it four stars instead of five.
5	I dont usually give 5 stars but this place was AMAZING!!! I went my birthday weekend with my boyfriend and initially they sai our wait would be an hour but after about 5 minutes a woman came out and said we could sit at the bar and still order food so we did and it was soooo good! I got the Farm Scramble with Bacon, Onion and Swiss sans the avacado (I'm not a avacado for breakfast kinda girl) and my boyfriend got the brown sugar banana flapjack sans the banana ( he's allergic) with a side of bacon and crispy potatoes. The only small issue was that the crispy potatoes were a little dark but compared to the overall experience it was minor. The flapjack was AMAZING in fact so good I hate half of it! I highly recommend this place and would definitely come again, Customer service was also excellent and our bar tender (Kai I believe) was super funny and helpful. They deserve these 5 stars.
3	Went to the Hash House while on vacation in Vegas from AZ. My boyfriend and I each only had 1 waffle and while they were good, they were just too big to finish. We took the simple route but some of the plates we saw coming out to people looked really cool. Portions are huge and worth the money if you can eat it all.....
5	Jesus Christ they give you a lot of food here so much in fact one meal here pretty much does me for the whole day. I guarantee you won't finish it all. Excellent location right on the strip inside Imperial Palace. The chicken and waffles is everything everyone says it is and is my personal favourite. I tried the Bloody Mary and granted it was relatively early around 11 am but there was so much booze in it I was drunk by the time I sipped the last drop no word of a lie. Not sure if the server just wanted a big tip but he wasn't shy with the vodka that is for sure. I looked around and seen towers of food on each table and couldn't quite believe the ride I was on; then again it could have been all that booze. Gotta check it out people!
2	waited forever to get seated alomost an hour, then when the hour was up, they wanted us to wait another hour...SIKE..not happening.  so when we decided we were leaving, mysteriously there was a open table.  Got seated and there were open tables everywhere.  Ordered the food, but it took so long, I was no longer hungry.  We ordered our food at the same time, but it came out at different times.  Plus the food was cold.  Definately will not be back.....
4	I hope you're super hungry if you come here cause the portions; I kid you not are gi-normous!  I would recommend sharing a meal with someone or you will have leftovers for lunch/dinner/midnight snack/etc.  I normally order the Sage Fried Chicken which never lets me tummy down cause it's very moist and on point. I do add more syrup on my chicken cause the seasoning batter is a little bland for me. Today I ordered the Sage Fried chicken & waffles.  The waffle has bacon in the middle which is an amazing surprise with every bite. Unfortunately they do not have any hash browns. Wamp, wamp.
4	Holy gigantic portions of food batman!My friend recommended this place so even though I am on expense account and can get away with the 50 buck dinner places I thought I'd give this a try.  I ordered one of the nightly specials, the 'lamb chop hash'.  First, the server brought a giant honey covered biscuit with a side of butter.  You have to eat this with a fork and you really don't need the butter.  The biscuit would have been a tad dry if not for the honey, but it worked and I ate most of it.  Which was probably a mistake, because soon after a gigantic skillet with enough food for three people arrived.  In this skillet was a generous serving of delicious, fluffy scrambled eggs that did not taste like they were over milked but were fluffy on their own, some delicious garlicky green beans, some cooked carrot slices, sliced red and orange bell pepper, a metric buttload of roasted potato chunks and four lamb chops. With a sprig of rosemary.    Holy guacamole*!  (*there was no guacamole)I sort of made a dent - I ate all the lamb chops (great), all the green beans (great), all the eggs (great), a good amount of the peppers, a few of the carrots and a couple bites of potato.Ironically enough the potatoes were the weakest part.  I'd like them cut smaller and crispier.  But heck, everything else was good and there was WAY too much food.This dinner was $18.99+tax.  A very, very good deal for the strip and it tasted pretty good too.  Honestly I'd prefer a smaller portion since I hate wasting food and most people on the strip won't have a way to deal with leftovers.  But, if you come with a companion who likes to eat the same food, you could easily share one of these if you asked for an extra plate.
2	I'm  a big fan of heading to hash house for breakfast, so we tried their dinner late night. I asked for a different cheese on my sandwich and the server said they can't melt it only put it on the side. Not sure what that was about I've worked in a restaurant for seven years, but was too tired to argue. Portions may be huge but if you're going for a good dinner, go somewhere else.  I still would come here for breakfast any day.
5	i've been to hash house a go go in san diego and loved it...  told my boyfriend about it when we were in vegas so we stopped there for brunch. it was just as good as i remembered! hash house a go go is a must if you're in vegas or in san diego!! the fried chicken is so crispy, tender and juicy! the corn beef hash, which is what my boyfriend had, is not your typical salty hash...it's full of flavor and seasoned to perfection! don't forget to try the homemade jam too! you can't go wrong with this place!
4	Packed house, weird waiter, great food.My wife and I went here a year ago and she's been buggin me to go back here for their famous sage fried chicken and waffles.  So we finally went back.On the way in, I tried to use my stroller up the escalators, but it wouldn't fit. The imperial palace floor manager came over and helped me find the elevator to get up into the hash house.We sat for about 30 minutes. It was a good wait time. The place was packed at 12:00pm even tho Vegas wasn't.I had the chicken and eggs Benedict which was labeled man vs. food favorite.And it was excellent! Sage fried chicken and waffles are always good eats and this time wasn't an exception.The waiter was kinda weird. I asked for a separate check so I could expense it. He didn't understand and even said "I don't understand why you would split it but I'll do it anyway". He forgot to split it and I had to ask him again.The waiter noticed that we were going to use our 2 $10 off from our rewards cards and instead of just leaving the tip up to us (we base the tip off the full price and not the net price after the cards cuz that's jacked up) he made up some wild story about having to have us put the tip on the bill before he used the rewards card.  He said his credit card machine would take forever.  B.S.  Oh well, still tipped him but I can see why he didn't trust his patrons.  Although, I was kinda turned off by it.  - Really do I look that stupid?  Thanks for not answering.Something to note is the restrooms were downstairs in the casino. So going to the restroom took a while.Food was excellent, service was okay. 4 stars HH.
5	First of all, GREAT service. Jason was awesome. The gal that ran our food out to us was even unbelievably nice. Be prepared for food coma, not just from quantity but from the taste. This place will rock your taste buds!Went on a Sunday morning at 10, still got seated in 10 minutes.Well worth any wait.Do not miss out on this place!!
3	I was soooo excited to eat here.  I had it on my list and was making sure I was not going to leave Vegas without trying it. It was easy to find.  Just head straight through the Imperial Palace until you hit the escalators.  We were are very hungry after a night of drinking and dancing and hoped to not have to wait too long to get seated.  It was pretty busy and also a Friday morning.  We were pleasantly surprised to get seated promptly in a nice comfy booth.  I ordered coffee and it came quick enough and was quite delicious.One thing that stuck out in my mind as odd was the waiter told us right off the bat that the kitchen does not have any heat lamps, so the food is served out as soon as it's made. I thought OK, great, that means we will have our food quickly.  Eh, not so much.   Our food took a bit to come out.  It wasn't excessive but we definitely waited longer on our food than we did to get a seat.Due to knowing the portion sizes are enormous we decided to split plates.  My dining partner and I chose the HH original Benedict.  It comes with bacon, fresh tomato, fresh spinach, and is topped with a roasted red pepper cream as well as two eggs.  Additionally it sat on top of a split biscuit with griddled mashed potatoes. The potatoes reminded me of the potato pancakes my mom would make when I was a kid with leftover mashed potatoes-nice and golden browned and quite tasty. That was probably the best thing about the Benedict.  The bacon was good too, but hey it's bacon. Now for the not so good, the eggs were underdone and the parts of the white were still clear.  That kind of thing doesn't bother me, but I would prefer my eggs to be cooked correctly.  The thing that was the biggest bummer was that the food was luke warm.  So I guess the no heat lamp thing doesn't necessarily work to their advantage because my food had to have sat back there for a bit before arriving to the table because it was not hot.  Also, the fresh tomato and spinach did not bring anything to the table.  Had the spinach been slightly sauteed or wilted and seasoned, it could have been a different story.  I think having those put on top of the Benny just made it even colder in temp.  Also, the whole thing was under-seasoned.  The red pepper cream tasted like roasted red pepper bisque that was under-seasoned and cold.  I really do like the concept of having a Benedict topped with lighter ingredients and sauce, but it was all cold and under-seasoned and disappointing.  I kept going back to the bacon, egg and crispy mashed potatoes.  I will say that I was able to split this with another person and between the two of us couldn't even finish it.  Our bill came to $12 each, and I was very happy, and even though it was underwhelming, it was still worth it for the price.My other friends ordered the Bananas Foster French toast-also huge, as well as the Fresh Mushroom, artichoke hearts, sun-dried tomato and fresh spinach hash.  My friend did not like her hash at all.  I tried it and agreed with her that it was completely under-seasoned.  I hate having to add salt at a restaurant.  I think it should come out seasoned correctly.  Also the salt shaker had course salt in in that barely came out the holes in the shaker-a huge pet peeve of mine.  The bananas foster was huge but nothing out of this world.  What I did really like though was the split banana topped with sugar and bruleed.  It was so delicious and the banana developed a very creamy texture.  It was served still in the peel, which I thought was pretty cool.Overall, the value is great, and the quality is also good.  I can only base this review on the one visit I made here, and there were definite flaws in the execution of the food.   Although the plates are huge, impressive looking, the taste is what matters most, and it unfortunately was lacking.  However, on a whole, due to the value of the food and he fact that one plate can be split between two people, I would like to go back and prove that Hash House can really live up to its hype.
4	Big Portions for the right prices. Great for breakfast and lunch hours. The one here at imperial isn't as packed as the one outside and off the strip on Sahara. I had the Andy sage fried chicken Benedict and it was huge! (what's she said..) Good enough to feed 1-3 person. But as for me, i killed it. They also have dinner menus too and a big drink menu to satisfy for needs.
4	Came here this past weekend for Brunch. i am SOOOO glad our friends told me & my bf to split a plate because of the huge portions because i probably would have ended up puking from trying to finish it all. the bf & i split the Sage Fried Chicken & Waffles. the order came with 2 BIG pieces of chicken & 4 waffles. the waffles had bacon INSIDE them!! as good as that was i still dont know how i feel about the bacon being inside them as i found myself picked apart the waffles just so i could have a strip of bacon. the waffle & syrup just kind of over powered the taste of the bacon & as a bacon lover i do NOT want that.the chicken was delicious, nice & crispy & very tasty when added syrup to it.i took of one star because of the service. Our waitress was really nice & all but i think we were there for a total of 2 maybe even 2&ahalf hours because of how long it took for them to take our oder, get our food out, bring us the check, & give us back our change. we got our food brought to us last because they said that the chicken & waffles took longer to make, which i really dont understand why because i know how to make fried chicken & it does not take an 45 mins to fry 2 pieces, even if you double fry them, which HHAGG's did not seem double fried. but other than the wait i really cant complain. i am not as impatient as some peoplefor the price of the food & the portions you really cant beat it, i might come back if someone else in our group wants to & if we arent too hungry to wait a while before we eat. but id really rather explore what else vegas has to offer for breakfast/brunch
4	I been there once, and my first and only impression was a good one.  The wait was about 15 - 20 mins, but it was worth it.  They give you a lot of food, and the presentation of what you've ordered is nice.  I ordered the chicken and waffles which was priced reasonably, and it was great!!! The chicken was nicely fried, and the waffles were nice and big.  I ended up eating like 3 pieces of chicken and 1 waffle.  So yea.. you're going to be leaving with a lot of food.
5	If you want real food and real service this is the go to spot, little longer wait than San Diego but worth it. You have to split plates especially in vegas or you draggin around a doggie bag. Kids do the pancakes I cant say no to the chicken and waffles and a BLT bloody mary. For the food quailty and portions the prices are great.Be careful ordering the portions are huge.
4	Came here for breakfast with my husband and overall really loved the idea of everything made custom and from scratch. We both got hashes -- he got the corned beef and I got the chicken. The corned beef hash was by far, hands down, the best we've ever had. A friend of ours got the chicken and waffles, said that was great as well. The BLT bloody mary was a cool concept, but overrated and wasn't all that great. Like I said, if you're ever in Vegas looking for a breakfast spot, I'd definitely recommend coming here for the corned beef hash.
4	Ok, the douche-bag next to me complained about the 20mn delay before receiving his breakfast... Ok, the nice lady on my right started to wonder if she will get hers at some point during the day... In spite of this bad karma, I decided to give it a try and ordered a basic breakfast. There were two waitresses. One was stressed out because of the douche-bag's attitude, the other was handling business in a kind of too relaxed way. In any case, both were friendly and professionals! When my plate arrived, I was agreeably surprised by the generous portions and the awesome presentation. Each bite was a pure delight. Certainly one of the best breakfasts I have had in Vegas! So why not 5 stars? Only because of the delay (for me over 15mn). I will definitely come back though!
5	My cousins have been here, and we almost went one time while in Vegas.  The wait was too long, so we never went.  On a trip to Vegas during the week, my boyfriend and I decided to go and try it out.  We walked in, no wait, PERFECT.  Our server was Josh.  He was super friendly and great.  We had the 100oz of Fat Tuesday's, and he talked to us for a while about it and helped me with transferring some into a different container.  We went for lunch and ordered the Sage Fried Chicken with the bacon waffle, hot maple caramel reduction and fried leeks and Andy's sage fried chicken w/ fresh spinach, hardwood smoked bacon, market tomato, griddled mozzarella, chipotle cream and scrambled eggs.  They came out with the quickness, but then again they weren't all too busy.Both were amazing!!!! Try them.  The only thing I didn't like as much was the chipotle cream.  It was too thick.  Prices were also reasonable for the portions.  I'll definitely come back. :) Thank you Josh
3	Nothing fancy. Coffee was delicious and breakfast was pretty good.  My husband to be had the pancake and it was like a monster pancake.  You will definitely be full!!!  The wait was about 30 min ... Which for breakfast in Vegas is pretty standard.Our waiter was in a word lame... So lame that I won't give him another second of time in my review. Ooh, ooh ... They didn't have a bathroom in the actual restaurant ... Awkward.... You have to use the bathroom that was in the casino.
5	We went here and were almost scared away by the line but it moves really, really quickly.I got the chicken and waffles and they were pretty good but it's a boneless chicken breast which is never the best choice to fry because it comes out dry, which this one was. The sage was detectable and the bacon waffles were very good.My buddy ordered the banana brown sugar pancake and it was GREAT! I would have probably liked my meal better if I hadn't tried his. Although they're known for their chicken and waffle meal the banana pancake is huge (think pizza sized) and decadently delicious.A great value and a very filling and tasty meal.
5	I'm going to save you some heartache here and tell you to visit with someone who likes to eat the same stuff as you, because you are asking for it if you order an entire entree to yourself. The portions here are made for the fat American tourist. Go for the chicken and waffles, or the chicken bendict. The bloody mary and mimosa are perfect for getting soaked up in all that food. Man, I really wish this place would wind up in Atlanta so I could stop saving the pennies from the couch cushions to get airfare back to Vegas for some Hash House.
2	After eagerly anticipating this place, I was severely disappointing by the food.On our way back home, we decided to stop by Hash House for a Sunday brunch. I already had eyed the menu online and had a good idea of what I wanted. I ordered the avocado, bacon, onion and cheese scramble (option #1 under Scrambles) per the suggestion of the waiter. When the dish arrived, the food was presented nicely on a huge plate. There was a generous serving of mashes potatoes, a biscuit and the scrambled eggs. The potatoes were very rich (read: full of cream and butter) and not hot at all. The biscuit was good but would've been better served warm. Now, the "star" of the plate - the eggs.I hated the eggs with a passion. I took a few bites and I couldn't even any more. All I could taste was oil mixed with more butter mixed with cheese that was COLD. It wasn't seasoned at ALL and was basically a greasy puddle of room temperature oily eggs with bits of bacon. There was no texture in the eggs and it just tasted soggy and disgusting. *GROSS*I paid way too much for a plate of oily, under seasoned food that was NOT EVEN WARM AT ALL.+1 star for the zero wait time but maybe we should've just dealt with the long wait and gone to the Sahara location since I heard that place has better food.
1	Had dinner here on Sunday night and it is so not worth the money. The food was cold and dried out, The cheeseburgr had no cheese and when I asked the waiter his reply was he would get me some for an extra 95 cents. Service was horrible and the hostesses were so dis functional  the table they sat us at was in the middle of the door way, It felt  like we were on parade!!!! It was a total night mare and I will never go back. So please don't waste your money !!!! I will be sure to tell all my clients and there friends ...
5	OMG. OMG. OMG!First of all, I freaking love love love love love breakfast/brunch food. It is the best. So uh obviously, I was head over heels about this place. Simply. Amazing. A tad overwhelmed by the ridiculous portion, but every bite and every urge wanting to pass out was soooo worth it. I don't know why I never came here on all my previous trips to Vegas! Geez. Thank you, Kye, for taking care of my mom and I! Your Brown Sugar Banana flapjack suggestion was an absolute homerun - very glad that you recommended it! You know how much I loved it? I had it two days in a row! Their apple juice is also very good.(Gets very crowded and busy very quickly. I recommend coming in no later than 9am to get seated as soon as possible.)
1	Food poisoning :(Eating here on Saturday ruined my night and ruined my Sunday plans. not to mention i had to fly back on sunday... never again.
4	Portions as big as two of your heads! I've been here a few times on various Vegas excursions and each time I left overly stuffed and satisfied.    They don't mess around with portion sizes.  This is not a place for those with tiny appetites.  On one trip, I had the HH Famous Meatloaf Hash and my wife ordered Andy's Sage Fried Chicken Benedict.  Both were pretty good.   The meatloaf wasn't the juiciest meatloaf, but had a good taste.   The chipotle sauce for the benedict was yummy.  More recently, I went with my wife and a couple of friends.  The table shared a blueberry, pecan, brown sugar pancake, 2 orders of the pork tenderloin benedict, and a quesadilla.   The pancake was sweet, soft but not undercooked, and ginormous.  I really don't know how one person can put that platter of fluffyness down themselves.  The pork tenderloin was breaded and fried to a nice crispness but I think I would have been happy with a big slab of un-breaded/fried pork.  Perhaps I would have appreciated the fried-ness if I were hungover.  :)I only had a bite of the quesadilla and I remember it being very quesadilicious. the lines can get backed up during the late morning brunch time, but if you are a total rewards member (platinum or higher), there's a separate faster line.Don't plan on having phone reception there.  My phone (ATT) had no service for most of the time, and other carriers struggled with weak signals.
3	I was a little disappointed with Hash House A Go Go. I have visited the Tractor Room in San Diego and loved it (their other restaurant with the same menu) and read all the positive reviews on Yelp for Hash House, so I was expecting it to blow me away. It didn't, but it wasn't bad either. William was an EXCELLENT server, extremely friendly, helpful and a great attitude. I'd recommend him to all patrons. I ordered the Chicken and Waffles and the chicken was rather bland. They need to add some spices to the seasoning. Or how about just add any kind of seasoning at all? The waffles had bacon cooked inside of it which I wasn't expecting. I would have preferred normal waffles and bacon on the side. I found it strange the waffles didn't come with butter and I had to request it. I know, I made my chicken and waffles dish even healthier with the butter. I did enjoy the coffee and my mother's blueberry and pecan pancake was very good. Next time in Vegas I'll skip this place and try somewhere else. Tip: You can make a reservation if it isn't Saturday. It's a good idea to do so since they get very busy.
5	Very good, very fun place.  Ordered the chicken and waffles (of course) and was very impressed with the food and the presentation.  Waffles with bacon were excellent, and the bloody mary was a treat as well.  As a bonus, our server was very helpful - a couple of friends had to catch a flight, so the server rushed our orders as much as he could.  Highly recommended for breakfast.
4	Ok, this place is WORTH the wait.If you aren't ready to wait to get in and wait for your food then move along elsewhere...otherwise bring your appetite and your patience because you will enjoy it.Our server Travis was great...he gave us, and those around us a great description of the place and highlighted several items on the menu.  Since you're on vacation...go with something you really can't get a breakfast back home.My sister ordered the original hash house farm benedict and I ordered the brown sugar banana flapjack that was almost like a bananas foster pancake.  It wasn't like a thick filling pancake - it was lighter and fluffy and just delicious!!! I had this with tangerine juice to drink.  This place is yummy and there are several locations so definitely go...try it!
2	All show, no go! Great looking food, huge portions - but it all tastes off. From a little off to way off. The music was very loud (and we just saw Motley Crew the night before, so we like loud music) - just not excruciating loud rap music while one is eating breakfast. The waitress's comment when we asked that it might be turned down .... "that's just how we roll" sure let us know that we were not their top priority. And they charge to share a plate - that is absolutely disgusting. Great idea, poorly executed and horribly delivered. Oh - by the way ... probably the most expensive breakfast on the strip.
5	Thanks to my Yelp friends on Talk who recommended this to us.  I was seeing my cousin and his wife for the first time in over 15 years.  Wanted something fun, kid friendly since I had my 6 year old daughter and Talk brought me here.  Our waiter Steve (aka Stevie which my daughter called him ) was so much fun. He was training a new waitress and she was very nice.  We loved the atmosphere and were very comfortable in the booth.The children's menu had lots of choices and what does my daughter choose - Corn Flakes which arrived in a big white bowl with a huge strawberry almost the size of a plum - you should have seen my daughter's eyes open up.I split the 1 pounder stuffed hamburger with bacon and avocado.  We were not charged a fee for us to share.  My husband ate the same thing but all to himself.My cousin ordered the bacon stuffed waffles with chicken - it was huge and we just couldn't stop laughing about it.  Everything was delicious.  Also, if you are bloody mary fans there were many variations to chose from.  My cousin really enjoyed his.The only complaint was that they didn't have restrooms in the restaurant which you have to take the escalator down to the casino to use the bathroom.  I would come again and I would bring guests too - Just loved it!
2	Seriously giant burgers - definitely the largest I've ever seen. Two thin-yet-half-pound patties, each the size of a dinner plate.  Way more than I wanted, even if it tasted good (which it didn't).  But for under $9, it was a surprising deal.  But that's not a good-enough reason for me to eat here again.
4	My review might have been higher, but I was in a rush that morning and didn't really get to enjoy myself.FOOD:There was a lot of tempting things on the menu, but I went with one of the Benedicts, which featured sage fried chicken, scrambled eggs, potatoes, griddled mozzarella, and a chipotle cream sauce. This was very tasty, and also more than enough food, I couldn't finish it. Though the chicken didn't have a strong sage flavor, it was crispy and juicy. The griddled mozzarella was a stand-out ingredient.SERVICE:Friendly and attentive.DRINKS:I hope that the next time I'm here I can sit, stay a while, and try an alcoholic beverage from their full bar.ATMOSPHERE:I'd call it an up-scale diner.PRICE:It might seem a little high, but when you factor in the amount of food, and the uniqueness of the menu items, it pencils out.
4	Went here the last two times I was in Vegas, and loved the food. 2011: Saturday at 2 pm, crazy lines, terrible service and we almost left. We stuck it out and loved the food and conveniently let the rest of the experience go...2012: Friday breakfast, 10 am reservation. We were 45 minutes late but they were perfectly fine with it (we called to let them know) and were seated right away even if there was a long line of people waiting. Server was spectacular, even offered us to-go cups for our drinks if we wanted them. Food is always a winner:- Andy's Sage Chicken Benedict (Man vs. Food Fave) - amazing and huge. the mashed potatoes are unbelievable, especially aside the chipotle cream. Chicken was moist and tender. (recommend to share this with someone)- Snickers Flapjack - table favorite- Corned Beef Hash Scramble - winner as wellGluttonous experience if you want it to be, otherwise share the entrees. And doesnt hurt that the Roulette tables at Imperial Palace are only $5. Cheapest we've found in Vegas!
5	This restaurant is the only redeeming quality of the Inferior Palace. Come hungry for breakfast and get a flapjack with fresh apple slices. Service is friendly, especially if you sit at the counter. Portion sizes are ridiculous - the chicken and waffles I had on one visit could have fed a family of 4. But it's all delicious.
4	Decided to come because of a restaurant.com coupon and the good reviews that this place has. It took a bit of effort to find and get to this place, I wouldn't think that a decent restaurant would be here in the imperial palace casino but it was pretty good. The staff raved about the sage chicken Benedict... Nice presentation, creative idea (not health conscious stuff). Wouldn't order it again personally but it was a fun experience the first time. Also ordered a side of hash browns extra crispy. They're not really hashbrowns but fried one inch potato cubes. Pretty good actually, especially when the potato skin is fried and flakes off, love that. Huge portions! If this place is convenient to get to and you want comfort food, just be warned, it's pretty greasy stuff!
5	Holy mother....biggest portions I've ever seen!  DELICIOUS, DECADENT, FATTENING but ohsoworthit FOOD!Just go.  I can't even put into words how f'n amazing their food is.  Ps. If you decide to share a plate...they do charge a fee for it.
4	The food here is always amazing. And overwhelming.  I've been here before but this is the first time I've had a banana pancake... all to myself.  Eating one of these is like having dessert for breakfast.There are a couple tricks to eating here: 1. Go early.  Drag your still-drunk butt out of bed!  If you go before 9 there will not be much of a wait.  Go afterwards and you could wait longer than an hour.2. Skip the mimosa.  Fresh squeezed juice is so much better without 2nd rate booze.3. Stick with the basics.  Their Tractordriver special or the Chicken and Waffles are awesome.  Most of the rest seems overly heavy.4. Get a to go bag.  Don't worry about fitting it in your minibar, just give it to one of the nice homeless vets hanging out on the strip.  You'll keep the food out of the landfill and feel better about helping someone in need.And last but not least...5. GO HUNGRY.
5	My boyfriend and I were hungover and stumbling around Las Vegas Blvd looking for some breakfast.  We stopped in the Imperial Palace as it was right next to our hotel aka the closest place we could get to.  We saw the sign for the Hash House and figured it was some divey diner but just what we needed.  To our surprise the line of people waiting to get seated was huge.  We were shocked and instantly realized that his place was a must while we were in Vegas.  Unfortunately, we couldn't wait in time, our bellies were screaming for grease.  We ate somewhere else that day but on our last day in Vegas we came back to wait the line and get our grub on.  The line was about 25 minutes which wasn't too bad.  Boy is this place worth the wait... as soon as we walked in we were having food envy of everyone's plates.  The portions here are huge.  The prices aren't that bad either, typical for Las Vegas.  I ordered the corned beef skillet which came with potatoes, fruit, biscuit, corned beef and 2 fried eggs.  The biscuit with the home made strawberry jam was amazing.  I wish my eggs were more runny because the potatoes were dry but owell, I loved it.  My boyfriend had the meatloaf skillet and equally was as pleased with his meal.  We tried to get the restaurant.com off our phone but couldn't get the application up - another thing we realized while in Vegas... realllly bad cell phone reception.  I love this place and will definitely be back!
5	It does not get better than Hash House!  The bloody marys were excellent, as were the fried chicken benedict, chicken and waffles, tenderloin benedict and corned beef hash. Portions are gigantic, and you can easily share.  Every element was fantastic--the sauce, the eggs, the biscuits, the potatoes.....simply excellent.  I went 3 days in a row, if that gives you any idea.
5	This place is the one good thing that the Imperial Palace still has going for it.My husband ordered his usual of two eggs, home fries, and he added french toast to his order as well. I got the vanilla waffles and a side of bacon. The only negative I have is that they used thin-cut bacon and could totally afford to use thick considering the prices they charge. The waffle was gigantic, I only managed 1 1/2 squares before I had to give up. I felt a little bad because the waitress even noticed that the one tiny cup of syrup was not enough and brought out a bunch more, which I poured all over my waffles and then ended up not finishing. Oh well! I want to go back and try the Sage Friend Chicken and Waffles, but I need to have people with me who eat meat and can share as the portion size is HUGE. If you don't like loud music and conversation, DON'T GO HERE. That's just how it is, and complaining about it isn't going to change a thing. If you go to a restaurant and expect the ambiance, temperature, and other patrons to revolve around you, then I suggest you just open your own damn restaurant. There might be a wait, especially on weekends, but they give you a pager that has quite a range so you can go into the casino and play slots or do whatever while you wait for your table. It only took about 15-20 minutes for us to get seated. DEFINITELY worth the wait.
4	Certainly not as good as the one in San Diego. The sage fried chicken was very good. The bloody maria was exactly what I needed. What I specifically don't like is that it is in Imperial Palace. There are no windows, give it a basement-y feel event though the place is large and bright. Really, i insisted that my husband and I share, but he wanted his own. Anything is enough for 2 people and if you don't have a refrigerator or microwave in your hotel you wont take this to go so just share.
5	the food was enormous, and excellent.  my husband and i waited for about 30 mins and it was on a sunday, the wait was ok.  I ordered the chicken and waffles, and they were by far so delicious, that I could barely finish it.  my husband ordered the chicken with the eggs benedict, and he said it was delicious as well.
4	We were on vacation with friends and this was our last morning to eat something other than a buffet.  We were told about this place by a friend in California and boy were we glad.  It was a wonderful breakfast dining experience.  The food was very good, huge portions and the waitress was EXCELLENT (I forgot her name though).  She was fun and knowledgeable and there for our every need.  All four of us were happy were our selections.  I ordered the Hash spinach mushroom scramble, which was a little dry, but when I ordered a side of the Chipotle sauce from the Andy's Man vs food dish it was perfect.  I asked for just a little bit of the sauce because it was a little dry, but they still charged extra for the sauce.  We also ordered the "Andy's Man Vs Food" breakfast which was delish, although crazy carb loaded with biscuits, mashed potatoes, angel hair pasta, fried chicken, bacon and more.  Our friends got the Mango Coconut pancake and also the French toast and they absolutely loved both dishes.  The coffee was hot and very good and constantly refilled as it should be at breakfast time.  I think everything was definitely a bit overpriced for breakfast with drink, tax and tip probably around $16-20 per person.  I will definitely eat here again the next time I come to Las Vegas, but next time I will share a dish with someone.
4	I love hash house! The portions here are huge. The first time I went I got the sage fried chicken benediction. I ate about a third of it before I was stuffed! I like that they have a unique take on benedicts - they use biscuits instead of egg mcmuffins, include a layer of mashed potatoes, and it's topped with scrambled eggs instead of poached, but you can request poached on the side if you want. They also come with their own unique sauce rather than hollandaise.For my second time I shared with friends and had the blueberry pancake, quesadilla, and pork benediction. The pancake was good; very fluffy and came with a good amount of toppings. The quesadilla was delicious and like the benedictions, come with a layer of mashed potatoes! The pork benediction wasn't as good as the sage one I had my first time. I also wasn't expecting the pork to come fried. It had to much breading and the meat was a bit tough.If this place served regular human portions, I would decrease my rating to a 3. But the portions are ginormous, food is decent, and the menu has a wide selection making it suitable for groups. There is always a line, but platinum members and higher are seated pretty much right away!
4	Not a huge Breakfast person and I prefer buffets when i'm in Vegas but the food was good and price was also good if you good on a weekend be ready to wait because they get packed!
4	Finally got to go to Hash House after missing it the last few trips to Vegas and I was not disappointed. My wife and I shared the famous Chicken and Waffles. I would recommend anyone without a hearty appetite or the ability to take leftovers home try and share something on this menu. The portions are huge. Just watch the Las Vegas episode of Man vs Food if you want to see what these plates look like. I can't speak for anything else on the menu but the Chicken and Waffles are awesome. Just expect a wait no matter what location you visit.
4	After a delayed flight into Vegas, my friend and I were seriously hungry when our Vegas partner in crime picked us up from the airport. When she told me she was taking us to restaurant in the Imperial Palace, I was definitely skeptical at first, but I've gotta hand it to her, my girl knows her way around delicious comfort food. But when she prepped me for the larger-than-life serving sizes at Hash House A Go Go, I didn't imagine a spectacle even close to the portions at this joint. "A pancake bigger than your face," is what she said. And damn, the girl was not lying!Since it was the afternoon on a weekday in Vegas, the place wasn't exactly busy. There were a few patrons though, and our waiter was nice and attentive. Being the foodies my friend, Christina and I are, our  eyes immediately darted to the New York Times recommended fried sage chicken and waffles - we know we were going to be ordering this. We decided to split since the portions are so big. Our other gal pal ordered a pecan pancake and some fancy flavored lemonade thing. The lemonade was quite tasty, and this takes a lot for me to admit because I'm not a fan of sour or lemonade at all. Next our food arrived...it was gigantic! Our chicken and waffles were stacked high - talk about a heart attack on a plate! it was a beautiful presentation, and the food did not disappoint. The chicken was nice and crispy, and I loved that we could taste the sage in every bite - a nice gourmet touch. The waffles were fluffy and did not get soggy when we poured the syrup all over this outlandish dish. And, to top it off, the waffles had a bit of bacon inside. I could have done without this because it was already so over the top, but it didn't hurt the dish. My friends pancake was indeed WAY bigger than her head. I had a bite, and it was a good pancake!We were hungry and we definitely left full after eating at Hash House A Go Go. I recommend splitting those chicken and waffles!
5	This place was conveniently located in the hotel I was staying in. I almost didn't go because of all the other food I was consuming but decided to stop in before I left for the airport & I am so glad I did!! The food was DELICIOUS!! I've heard great things about this place & wanted to check it out for myself. Some of the mixes on the menu seemed a little off and didn't make sense but once I got my food it all came together and I left there a happy girl! If you're in Vegas definitely check this place out!
5	The fried chicken and waffles at this place has to be the best I have ever eaten. It's huge enough to feed two or by yourself if you are extremely hungry. One plate comes with two pieces of chicken and four waffles. It appears to be an image of a pineapple with the green garment acting as the leaf. You actually have to hold the garment and the plate at the same time so the chicken won't topple over. The chicken was crispy, not greasy, flavorful and all white meat. The waffles had bacon in them! It was fluffy, juicy and delicious.The wait was about 45 minutes to get a table but well worth it. The service was good where our waiter was attentive to all our needs.
3	Bring an appetite......leave broke.  That about sums up Hash House.Yes, the portions at Hash are huge and really too much for one person to conceivably consume in one setting but I thing that is part of the draw to Hash....you know you're going to get a lot of food.What Hash makes up in quantity, it lacks in quality.  It is overpriced for the type of food that is being served for being basically just a diner.You need to get there early because mid morning, the wait is about an hour + to get a table.  I think there were more people waiting in line than there we in the Imperial Palace total.Staff is friendly and once seated, service is good.If you've never been, I would definitely make it a stop while in Vegas but having been there, done that, I probably won't return since we have a Hash in my hometown of SD.
5	The staff were great and so was the food.  You really get great value for your money
5	Okay, this is what I am talking about, breakfast done right! Well, I had breakfast but they have other great selections that I'm sure are wonderful! The important thing about this for future hungry guest is to either A) Be on an extremely empty stomach or B) Share a plate with someone else, the portions are huge! I shared my plate with my boyfriend and my sister and husband shared there's. I was really surprised that the price of the plate was very reasonable for the amount of food we got. It was my cheapest meal on the Vegas Strip and the best. The service was great! Our waiter was amazing and very helpful. When I return to Vegas, this place will always be a must go to!
4	I understand that this restaurant is located inside Imperial Palace which might be one of the worst casinos in Vegas, but we're here for the food right?I got the Sage Fried Chicken and Waffles and I've got to say, it's a massive portion of food! This is probably the most well known item on the menu, and for good reason.All of the food from the crispy juicy friend chicken, the waffles and the syrup was great. This could probably feed 2 people. I was pretty hungry and I had about 3 pieces of chicken to bring home. It's also not incredibly expensive either so that's a good thing after a long night of gambling.I will probably come here again on my next time to Vegas, but I won't make the mistake of ordering it just for myself.--Check out my other reviews at http://nextstopdc.blogspot.com/
5	My brand-new (we got married the night before at the Vegas sign) husband and I both ordered our own plate of the Sage Fried Chicken and Waffles.  It was absolutely one of the best things I've ever had to eat. I have got to figure out how they made the maple syrup reduction so I can have it again someday. We still have dreams about their chicken and waffles to this day.  I can't wait to go back to Vegas so I can eat there for like.. every meal.
5	Hungry and Hungover in Vegas????  Hit the Hash House for rehab. Seriously, I never thought I would ever step foot inside the Imperial Palace but Hash House (and Fat Tuesdays) is probably the only thing it has going for it.  Ok ok...so about the food.  So we stumbled on over to the Hash House to cure our hangover and see what all the hype is about.Holy crap, there are no words to describe the portion size here.  I don't know what takes the cake here, that you can actually order a bud in a brown bag or the portion size of the meal.  I had chicken pot pie and while some of the clientele in the casino below rendered me speechless, this for sure shut me up.  All I can say is it was big and it tasted soooo good.   Large chunks of chicken, flaky warm crust, fresh veggies...oh my.  I honestly can't remembered what everyone else ordered.  My eyes never left my plate.  And the table was pretty damn quiet once all the food showed up.  But what I do remember and know is that our waitress was the bomb, the food was well worth the price of admission and I can't wait to get back to the Hash House.
4	delicious breakfasts, waits can be long in the morning, so go early or late to miss the breakfast rush.
4	Tired? Haven't slept? Hangover? This is the place you want to be. In a city filled with mountainous buffets and chef-endorsed eateries, sometimes what you really need is a place that serves hearty, down to earth grub. And that is pretty much what you get at Hash House a Go Go. I had the fried chicken benedict and it was a monsterous plate of fried goodness. At first, I noticed a huge load of mashed potatoes underneath everything else which made me a little cautious (didn't want to food coma before going on the 5 hour drive back to LA). But surprisingly, the mash was rather light and went really really well with the rest of the dish. My chicken was cooked and fried perfectly with just enough batter for a nice little crunch. The bacon was a nice touch and the sauce they used brought the entire dish together. Overall, the flavors were very harmonious but truthfully, the most amazing aspect is the power of this meal to cure hangovers/ aggravated stomachs. Be it a night of cavalier partying or a low key drink fest, the food here will do more than enough to stop the room from spinning. Just be ready to wait a bit and make sure all of your party is present when you put your name down because they won't give you a buzzer until everyone is there. There will definitely be a wait but they have a selection of magazines for you to dive into, assuming you're in a state to read. I will say that our waiter was rather rude at times and didn't seem too keen on earning his tip that day. One of my friends was very hungover and in obvious discomfort but the waiter still seemed to think it was necessary to poke constant fun at him; obviously he was joking (I hope) but there's a point where jokes get old and the waiter needs to learn when to stop. Maybe he realized we were getting annoyed because he disappeared for a while and left us to tend to our empty glasses of ice. I don't think it's enough to justify docking any stars but it's worth mentioning. Just be ready to come hungry and leave bloated. And make sure to get your poolside time in before you pay a visit because it is unlikely that your hard earned six pack will survive this episode.
4	I'm pretty enthused with this place: chicken and waffles, biscuits and gravy, passable coffeee.  Very delicious food in Las Vegas inside the Imperial Hotel.  This place is the closest to our room, and there was no wait at 9:30 a.m. on Memorial Day morning.  Pretty wonderful food; my wife loved the french toast.  I tried a mocha smore drink the day before which looked pretty but tasted pretty toxic, so I can't go with five stars.  Wonderful service, friendly staff, great people-watching!
4	I'm so glad I got a chance to try this place out!  After 1 week, I'm still thinking about the breakfast here!  Of the 4 of us, we shared 2 of the Andy's Sage fried chicken benedict, perfect portion & it was delish!!  Do not try to eat one on your own!  It's huge!!  I loved all the fresh flavors of the benedict, its a great twist on the usual benedict flavors and textures.  I loved more of the veggies & biscuits instead of muffins.  Everything went so well together.  The chipotle cream that topped the huge mound was yummilicious!!  I wanted a jacuzi size pot to jump in!  The menu states this plate is a Man vs. Food Fave.  I concur!!The location is on the 2nd floor of the casino inside Imperial Palace (currently getting a total makeover).  The service was good for the most part, but our server was inconsisant where he would be so friendly one moment, and kinda grouchy the next.I would definitely come again and again to try out the other items.  Next on the list is the chicken & waffles!!  That thing is huge!!!  The prices here are very reasonable for the portion and flavors.
5	On our first morning in Vegas during our most recent trip, I just typed in Best Breakfast in Yelp and this restaurant came up! I was lured by the fact that Adam from Man Vs Food had come here and wanted to try it out! The location: Imperial Palace.. My first thought: REALLY?! Uff. But off we went!Imperial Palace was going through major renovations.. The entire front section was closed off.. We had to park next door at Bill's? I think that's what it was called.. After nearly falling to my death by slipping on wet floors, we located the restaurant which was on the second floor. Once you go up there, it's like you're not even in Imperial Palace anymore! The restaurant decor was really cool and hip (awesome that I just used that word, I know). The wait was about 20 minutes.. I'm not sure if they took reservations but we just walked in. I tried the Sage Fried Chicken Benedict. OH MY GOODNESS. I was IN LOVE with this dish. When it came out, I swear I thought that I could probably only finish half (the portion was HUGE. It was the size of a small dog). But to my surprise.. I finished 80% of it. Shocking, I know. But you guys, this was so amazing. It was biscuit.. mashed potatoes.. scrambled eggs.. cheese.. fresh spinach.. fried chicken.. chipotle sauce.. OMG the goodness was overwhelming! I could NOT stop EATING and probably gained 3lbs but it was AMAZING! And I can't wait to go back!ALSO! PS - get the Kiwi Watermelon drink. Super yummy!
5	I just went to Vegas for memorial this past weekend and one word it was AWESOME, my boyfriend and i had found it out by watching "Mans VS Food" located in the imperial palace hotel on the top floor only downer was they were doing construction but really no biggie,  the wait was only 10 minutes we were hosted by friendly people and served fast...I got the bacon avocado double stacked burger which was one the best I've ever had with a side of cucumber ranch (sounds weird but sauce was so tasty!) andHe got the popular dish which was featured on the food network of the breaded pork sandwich all i can say it was the biggest sandwich i seen it life it was so freshly made and took him all day to finish it as he took half of it to go back to our hotel to eat for drunk munchies! lolOver all we were extremely satisfied and cant wait to return our next trip!
1	Hash House was a disappointment across the board.My girlfriend and I had brunch their one Sunday and not much went well.  We arrived to a 30 minute wait and were happy that it wasn't longer.  Upon being seated, we noticed that at least a third of the tables were empty.  Why the wait if there are open tables?Upon sitting down we were greeted by a waitress who said she would be "right back".  I guess our definitions of "right back" were different because we didn't see her for another 10 minutes.  When she got back we ordered our drinks and our meals.  After this point, we didn't see our waitress again for 45 minutes.Our meals came out roughly 20 minutes after we ordered them and we had to tell the server that we never got our drinks.  To make this worse, they messed up the drink order when we did get it.The food looked amazing and both my girlfriend and I thought that all would be forgiven.  Turns out we were wrong.  The food was presented beautifully but unfortunately it looked much better then it tasted.  Everything was bland, very bland.  Not what I expected at all.  To top it off, I had to drag down another table's waiter to find ours and get the check.Very disappointing.  I really wanted to like it...
5	Highly recommended! This was my first time at Hash House. Went for brunch and thoroughly enjoyed my visit.There were many folks waiting out front and we were told to wait 45 min, but we were called within 10 min. Go fig.They would not seat us until our entire party was there. The hostesses were very lovely and helpful. Our server was very polite and quick to provide service.The menu was very diverse. I decided upon the sweetened mango iced tea and the chicken and waffles, yum. The iced tea was not OVER THE TOP sweet as other places tend to make it. It was just right.The chicken's fry batter had rosemary and other delicious seasonings, not common among fried chicken. It was good. The chicken pieces themselves were two large plump thighs, perfectly cooked and juicy. These two thighs were served upon four bacon waffles. It looked like they slipped several slices of bacon in the waffle iron while the batter was being poured, mmm. Finally, a large steak knife and and a large sprig of rosemary were stabbed down into the two thighs and layer of waffles to hold the tasty tower in place. The entire dish was drizzled with flash fried green onions (yum!), small diced veggies, and a ginger Teriyaki sauce. Weird call on the Teriyaki sauce, but it was good to dip the chicken in every now and then.The best part of the meal was the price. About $35 for 3 people and HUGE portions. Definitely worth the price and worth another visit.
5	I had eatin there 3 times during my memorial day break and it only got better each time no complaints at all. only wish they still had one near me in kansas
3	Not as good as their flagship out on Sahara, but this one's right on the strip, although with the renovation you have to wade thru some dust and scaffolding to get here. The portions were just as monstrously large though, and this time we split 2 dishes among the three of us lightweights, and we left full having not even finished either of them. I'd have picked the chicken and waffles for sure but democracy won out. Here we tried the chorizo skillet and the Tractor Driver Combo. The chorizo skillet was good, although the one tortilla it comes with is inadequate for the amount of filling it comes with. The tractor driver combo we upgraded to a banana pancake which was well worth the extra dollar. Service was excellent. The experience at their standalone restaurant on Sahara was better in terms of the atmosphere, the food, and the overall experience, but this was still fine.
3	At first look, the pictures of the food that are hanging near the entrance of the restaurant look horrible but the food turned out pretty good. I had the sage fried chicken with waffles. This dish did not meet my expectations. The chicken was bland and there wasn't anything especially good about the tower of bacon waffles. HOWEVER, the Tractor Driver Combo with the brown sugar banana flapjack was delicious. The griddled french toast was also great. Also the watermelon kiwi drink is a must have.
4	My wife said the biscuit was the best she ever ate. We shared a bone-in ribeye which was cooked to a perfect medium rare.  Lovely fresh carrots, asparagus and green beans and crispy frites sealed the deal.  Two can share 1 dinner with no problem.  Our sever, Steven was very sweet, engaging and attentive.  The only thing keeping me from giving this place 5 stars is that it REEKS  of cigarrette smoke.  The restaurant is non-smoking but the casino downstairs is smokers' paradise.  There are other Hash Houses in LV.  We may go there next time, but then we wouldn't see Steven.
5	I come here every time I'm in Vegas! This is my number 1 choice for breakfast on the strip...awesome menu, HUGE portions, good prices considering how much food you are getting! Quick service, and they bring out your food when it is ready, even if you are the only one at the table whose food is ready. Some folks may not like this, but I think this is an awesome touch. Just like if it was a homemade meal you get your food as soon as its ready!  No sense in waiting and letting it sit and cool off waiting for the rest of the tables food to get done.
4	Went last week on our trip to Vegas after seeing them on Man V Food.  Loved it!Got there and told it'd be about 30 minutes to get a table and we wanted to go back downstairs to gamble, so we asked for a pager.  She said to not go too far or it wouldn't work.  After 30 minutes we came back up to check and they'd called us 5 minutes earlier (pager didn't work cuz I guess we went too far). But they quickly seated us anyway, so that was great.Service was good.  Only thing that would have been better is if they'd checked on us a bit more and refilled drinks more often.  But that's often the case with the average restaurant that's so busy you're waiting to get a table.  Our waitress was friendly and helpful.I ordered the sage chicken benedict and my husband had the banana pecan french toast.  We're pretty big eaters and he did manage to clean his plate, but I could only do about half of mine, even though it was delicious.  If you're with someone you can share a meal with and can come to an agreement on what to order (so much to choose from) then I suggest sharing.  Because it tastes so amazing you want to keep eating and you'll totally overeat.This was probably the best breakfast meal out that I've had in years!  I have even decided that anytime I go to LA, I will drive to San Diego just so I can eat here.  I also used a restaurant.com coupon with no problems!
5	Hash House A Go Go is a definite MUST if you're staying in Vegas!  I was more than in love with everything on the menu, which made it REALLY hard to choose!  Luckily I came with 2 others so I could try bites of theirs as well, haha.The menu has a really good selection.  I chose the Fried Salmon, my husband had the Fried Chicken Benedict, and our friend had the Kokomo (an extremely tempting meatloaf sandwich).  The food didn't really take that long, and they were a little busy considering how late it was.  I'm glad I chose the IP for my friend's stay.  When I saw the Hash House A Go Go sign, my Man v. Food lust pounced on it.  (P.S. - Adam Richman had the Fried Chicken Benedict, which that and my encouragement led my husband to try it.)  All of the food came garnished beautifully and tasted even better than it looked.  I still have leftovers in my fridge two days later!  If I don't go back to try one of their stuffed burgers before we leave Vegas, I might cry!
2	I was so excited to try the Sage Fried Chicken and Waffles but it just did not meet my expectations. Also, I didn't even realize my meal was off until the end but I was too disappointed to bother bringing it up to our waiter. The idea of Sage Fried Chicken sounds amazing but mine just wasn't all that great. The batter was bland. The chicken was soo dry that after every bite I felt the need to down mouthfuls of water just to get it all down without choking. I got only one piece of chicken rather than two with the four bacon waffles. So essentially, I paid $18.50 for one piece of super dry fried chicken and four mediocre waffles. I thought I wad trippin that I somehow forgot that I ate the chicken or bf ate it when I wasnt looking but I confirmed my suspicions with the picture I took.I like that the dish is beautifully garnished but I dont like that they pour the syrup on the waffles prior to bringing it out. I normally don't like too much syrup on my waffles so that was disappointing and it came out soggy because it had been sitting.The only thing I absolutely liked was the Kiwi Watermelon Lemonade. It tasted refreshing after an exhausting day on the strip. The server was nice and kept our glasses full but the food wasnt all that great. On that note, I may be back to try another dish but the Sage Fried Chicken and Waffles was just wayy too disappointing and definitely not worth the money for just that one piece. :(
5	I used to live in Vegas and my friends told me that I had to come here for breakfast but weekends are out because it's so busy. Well, being a teacher, I only worked during the week so never got out there. I no longer live in Vegas but went back for a visit and happened to get there during the week so the first place I thought of was...BREAKFAST at HASH HOUSE A GO GO! I was not disappointed at all. Some people do not like it because you have to take the food as is (no special orders). I figured, they throw food together for a reason so why mess with it. The food was great, very large portions, and the staff was awesome. They really are pretty busy and do get large parties so I found my server taking a long time taking one order. No problem since the manager was around and could refill my drink. Worth trying at least once.
5	OMG the serving size!!! When my boyfriend and I first walked into this place we thought we were in for an ok meal considering this place is inside the Imperial Palace, but boy were we wrong. As the waiter seats us we walk past a guy who is eating a pancake the size of a party platter plate. We thought this was a special thing until our meal came. My boyfriend ordered "Andy's Crispy Indiana Style Hand Hammered Pork Tenderloin" he loved the meat and the bbq cream sauce but I fell in love with the griddled smoked mozzarella they put on top of the mashed potatoes. We both Loved the fresh corn which we both agree is the best we've ever had. I had the "Black Skillet Chicken" which was great and had just the right flavors. But keep in mind each dish can feed 2 to 3 people so with have a fridge ready for leftovers or plan on splitting to dishes. But altogether the food was amazing and when my boyfriend and I go back to Vegas next year we defiantly plan on eating there again.
4	In my three day trip to Vegas, I ate one slice of pizza and the fried chicken Benedict from Hash house A Go Go. This was plenty of food.  I've been to the Hash House A Go Go in San Diego (original, I think) and this place compares nicely. Huge portions and interesting combinations of things. I really enjoyed the bloody Mary, and I don't usually like Bloody Mary's.What I did not like about this place was tha there was zero reception in the waiting area, and they won't seat you until your whole party is there. No reception, no seating till all is present, 20 minutes waits and Vegas are a bad combination with larger groups. Overall, its a nice mid-range priced place to eat. If you are not a big eater then the $2.50 split plate cost should be more than enough food.
4	Twisted farm food is a great descriptor for this place.  Ended up splitting Andy's sage fried chicken benedict style with a friend because the portions are ridiculous.  Normally, restaurants serve you a ton of food to make up for poor quality, but Hash House just serves up crazy amounts of crazy good food.  Great place, the wait was a little much but that's why you're they're housed inside a casino right?
5	I refuse to vist Las Vegas with out having to stop by. I use to visit NV every 6 months but as i grew older my body can no longer keep up with the played out hype. One of my must haves/do's when i visit is HASH HOUSE A GO GO! Word of advice cancel any dinner plans you have that evening for you will be leaving with left overs. My girls and i have a ritual where we eat there for breakfast and take our heaping loads of left overs back to the hotel and eat the remainder for dinner while we soak our screaming feet from all the walking on the strip in our jacuzzi in our room. My sister had the CHICKEN POT PIE, and my jaw dropped when i saw it. That thing was bigger than my head and trust me thats pretty big! I couldn't help myself i took a bite and the crust of the pie was delicious.  You can tell they don't short you on butter because the crust was so crispy and buttery.. I need to move on or i may never stop talking about it.I decided to try the CHICKEN AND WAFFLES since their menus put soo much emphasis on it. I would be lying if i said i totally loved it. It came with reduction syrup that i wasn't too much of a fan of for i felt it compromised the flavor a bit. Don't get me wrong the dish was good i guess i just played it up too big in my head. My girls each had a meal from their HASH selection and they loved what they got i just can't remember which ones they chose. Be prepared for it can take an hour to be seated especially if you go there during breakfast peak hours. But i can assure you  the wait is worth it!
4	Long wait and semi-slow service, but oh-m-gee, that brown sugar banana pancake totally made up for it! I don't even like pancake but it's seriously good. The butter and syrup definitely made it richer, but it was good by itself too. And did I mention it's freakin huge!
2	Bland. Very, very bland. Huge disappointment, despite the hype. The only thing "twisted" about this place is the sheer amount of crap they pile on and not a single gram of seasoning.We ordered Andy's sage chicken and eggs with bacon mashed potatoes; and sausage gravy with biscuits. The chicken was dry. The maple reduction made the breading a bit soggy, which created an unsavory contradiction.Had breakfast at 10 am on Thursday morning. Wait was 10 minutes. Service was fair. Food was not worth the price, despite the large portion (which was left unfinished and us unsatisfied). Won't be coming back here again.
5	It was a Sunday morning at 11:30 am and my friends and I had miraculously left our room by check-out time and dragged ourselves down to the 2nd floor of the Imperial Palace where the Hash House lives.  There was a gigantic crowd waiting outside, but we ended up being called to our table within 10 minutes.We tried to glance at some other tables on our way in to get an idea of the food...and holy crap the portions are huge.  I recommend splitting if you can...you'll definitely still be full even with half of a meal.  Our table of 3 ordered:  the tractor driver combo with the griddled french toast, the corned beef hash, and the original eggs benedict.  I sampled all of them and everything was amazing.  I supplemented my french toast breakfast with a much needed Bloody Maria.  This was my first time having the Bloody Maria, which uses tequila instead of vodka, and it was outstanding.  Settled my stomach and removed my hangover successfully!!I was not even close to finishing my french toast.  There were two inch and a half thick slices that were about 5 inches square.  It was flavorful and served with a grilled banana.  Our service was quick, friendly and attentive - no glasses were left empty and the coffee refills were plentiful.  Only downside, aside from being in the Imperial Palace, is that the restaurant has no bathrooms of its own...and so you have to go wander through the casino and use the ones there.
3	Shared the sage chicken and waffles with a friend. It was just ok I guess. Our waiter gave me a side of gravy so I can dip my chicken in it. That was a plus.
4	Was in Vegas for EDC weekend && had to try Hash House! The food pictures looks bomb, so I had to give this place a chance. Ordered the Chicken & Waffles. The waffles had bacon in it!! Chicken & Bacon, my two favorite things. The pictures didn't lie, Lol. Def worth another visit.
3	Hash House A Go Go is coming to Chicago! Now I can relive the hungover moment that I had in Vegas lol.I had a list of restaurants that I wanted to go to on my recent trip to Vegas. Hash house is the only place I made it to on that list. We arrived around 1pm on a Sunday. Don't be afraid of all the people waiting. We were seated within 10 minutes. The hostess was super nice. The rest of our party wasn't there yet, but she still sat us down right away. I was tired of eating eggs so I got the waffle. My friend had some sort of skillet. My waffle was huge and tasty. It was a little tough to eat though. It wasn't one of those waffles that's crunchy on the outside and soft on the inside. It was just soft all around. I ordered a side of strawberries with whipped cream. It cost me $6 for 5 strawberries!! I wish the waitress would have told me that. My friend's skillet wasn't like your regular skillet where they put the eggs on top of the potatoes and then melt the cheese. The eggs and potatoes were separate. I'll give this place another try when they open in Chicago, but when I go to Vegas I'll pass.
5	HUUUGE portions. I finally got a chance to try out Hash House and was very impressed. Located on the second floor of Imperial Palace which is a random spot to be, HH is place you should defintely check out if you want some good food and want to avoid buffets. I always hear there are long waits to get into this place so when I got there and got seated right away I was very surprised. After watching Man V Food I really wanted to try the chicken eggs benedict. It was so much food I barely even finished half of it. The whole meal was full of flavor. The bed of mash was tasty, chicken was moist, the cheese topping was delicious, and the best part of it all was the chipotle sauce that is covered on everything. Had a kick to it which I enjoyed very much. Service here is really good, our waiter gave good recommendations and came by to check up on us throughout the meal. Def stop by this spot when you are in Vegas, you won't be dissappointed.
4	FINALLY made it to this place, it's been on my Vegas hit list for the last couple of trips and we finally made it this time!Came on a Sunday around 4:30pm and there was absolutely no wait.  I've heard that sometimes people weren't allowed to share entrees but we had no problems with that. Our server also didn't care that one of our friends was passed out at the table for the entire duration of the meal and that two of them weren't even wearing shoes. Ah, Vegas...The bf had the chicken and waffles - which I happily helped him demolish. I had a hash house scramble with sun dried tomato and artichoke hearts. It was decent but I wouldn't order it again. It was sad that my biscuit was dry and crumbly though. Portion sizes here are ridiculous.Just order the chicken and waffles, seriously.
3	I had always heard of the place, and this time around ,we went with a group of 6 people, and were staying at the Flamingo Hilton, which is on the same side and 2 Hotels down from The Imperial Hotel where Hash a Gogo is. We just got off the plane on a Red eye from Honolulu, which arrives around 7 am, so we were ready for breakfast, and a Bloody Mary.Well, that's exactly what they bring! Bring your appetite, because there portions are HUGE!We ordered Chicken and Waffles, Eggs Benedict.Hash browns and eggs and their Bacon Bloody Marys! Yes, I said Bacon Bloody Marys, LOLThe funny thing was, on a plate of 4,500 calories, they had the freshest pieces of healthy fruit ever! hahahaAnd even if you're not a Bloody Mary fan, you have to order one, just to say you tried one.Just check out my pics! Not sure if I would go again, but it is definitely a place to go at least once.
3	In the land of the dinosaurs, or at least those of us who eat like one, Hash House would probably reign supreme. This city is overflowing with buffets designed to make your waist, well, overflow, and Hash House can easily provide that feeling with a single item. The fact that very few things on their menu even exceed the $15 mark is pretty impressive, but maybe that's why everything presented looks ostentatious but winds up just rather banal... an embodiment of Las Vegas as a whole, perhaps.Style over substance certainly seems to be the modus operandi for Hash House, delivering mammoth sized meals you can't help but go "wow!" over, and yet very few people leave with empty plates, more likely because they simply got tired of eating surprisingly bland food, rather than being simply outmatched in the stomach capacity department. I watched multiple diners get up from the bar stools next to me leaving half or even three-quarters of a plate full of food behind. I guess when the prices are this low, in Vegas, you figure that the minimal investment isn't really worth the excessive calories.That's all in retrospect though... I came to Hash House because I had heard tales of monolithic food combinations so loaded with flavor that they had attracted multiple food related television shows to their establishments, including a chicken and waffle dish stacked so high that it approached eye level. Without going on too much of a rant about how these shows often lead so many people astray, I'll just say that the size (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/f4x1YBxkLrZg652xt2KR5g?select=vdzuQYUETEvJLxak4rwB2w#vdzuQYUETEvJLxak4rwB2w) is definitely impressive, but we all know it's what you do with it that counts. Somewhat ironically I had actually used their sage fried chicken and bacon loaded waffles as inspiration for a recent brunch party I hosted, and I can honestly say that I put Hash House to shame. What absolutely makes fried chicken is the skin, and if you've got limp, soggy skin, then your size doesn't much matter. This chicken could have been baked for all I know, as there was zero crispness to it. Add to that waffles that, aside from the bacon slices inside, are generally bland, and one tiny ramekin of syrup to assist, and I can see why people literally just got tired of eating this. I also gave their BLT Bloody Mary a try, thinking the ingredients would be well infused into the drink, considering that it was by far the most expensive on the menu, but instead I wound up with what essentially amounts to a sandwich shoved into a drink (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/f4x1YBxkLrZg652xt2KR5g?select=vdzuQYUETEvJLxak4rwB2w#SBNu2x4ogGJkvRJ5spQLRA), with no clear way on the best way to either eat or drink it. I wound up having to sip and nibble like a freaking rabbit on what has to be the clumsiest cocktail idea I've ever seen executed. After having the variations prepared by Brian, Nicole, and Gregg at my Bloody Mary Battle, this seemed outright amateurish. I should have stuck with my original intuition, passed on the alcohol, and gave the S'Mores latte a go... although if this was any indication it would have been the Stay Puft Marshmallow Man shoved into a teacup with a box of Graham Crackers on the side and someone who comes along and projectile vomits Hershey's chocolate syrup in my face.
4	sage fried chicken and waffles.there is bacon INSIDE the waffles.heart attack.i die.
5	Saw it on Man v. Food and hunted it down when in Vegas for breakfast. There was a line, and for good reason. There is not a better breakfast in the country. Maybe the world. Or the universe. The Imperial Palace is a hole, but good lord, what a feast. Great drinks, original and cool menu. Prices were good, service was great, the Fried Chicken Eggs Benedict were superlative. Fantastic. Heavenly. Enormous. My wife ordered blueberry oat pancakes and they were enormous and delicious. What a fantastic place.
4	I ate here one afternoon this past April. The menu is extensive and tempting. The theme of "twisted farm food" (i.e affordable comfort dishes with a contemporary spin) is imaginative and well-executed. My grilled cheese sandwich was huge and delicious with all kinds of cool extra ingredients. The side of mashed potatoes with bacon and cheese was equally humungous and delicious. The margaritas here are good also. The bartender who served me hit a nice balance of behaving in a relaxed manner while being very quick and efficient. For me, this place is a must-visit next time I am close to the mid-Strip. Recommended!
2	well...it was okay.i went with some friends who raved about how great this place was. two of the five of us went to get a table, and after waiting for 25 minutes, were told that we couldn't be seated until our whole group was here (which would have been helpful to know when they took down our names). even though the rest of the group was only 30 seconds away, we got knocked to the back of the queue.all the while, i'm looking at the menu deciding what i want. i finally decide, and we are finally seated at 11:03, 40 minutes after we first got there. when we were seated, the waitress gave this huge intro speech about how great hash house a go go is and how everything is fresh and made to order and that nothing is pre-prepared. when i went to order the item that i'd been eyeing the whole time we were waiting, i was told that i couldn't have it because they switched over their menus at 11, even though we first got there long before. they also told me that i couldn't substitute anything, because there wasn't enough room in the kitchen to make everything to order.now waaaaaaait a second. i though you just said that you make everything to order and that nothing is preprepared. i guess there are obviously exceptions to every rule. okay. fine. forget it. so i ordered a burger.the presentation was spectacular, but fell short on taste and practicality. the patty was twice the size of the bun, and therefore the toppings were all over the place. it was impossible to get one single bite with all of the toppings in it. i had to cut off the excess patty just to figure out a way to raise it to my mouth. it was so greasy i had to wash my hands, face, and forearms after eating it. it was...meh. i didn't take the leftovers.my negative opinion probably wouldn't be so negative if the place weren't hyped up by not only my friends, but the waitress herself. i probably won't go back on my next vegas visit.
5	Just ate there. One of the best meals I've had in ages. Meatloaf sandwich (the Kokomo) and banana pancakes were beyond awesome (I know, meatloaf and pancakes sounds like the meal of an insane person, but trust me it was great).
4	Hash House a Go Go is located inside Imperial Palace - all the way in the end. I've been here a couple of times. I wanted to try a place similar to Roscoe's Chicken & Waffles & this did it for me.I ordered the Sage Fried Chicken Breast & Waffles. The waffles are nice and fluffy; airy as you bite it. The Fried Chicken is also nice and crispy. The portion is large for a tiny person to finish. I couldn't finish the whole dish & that's probably because of all the carbs in it.The service is mediocre. I didn't think it was exemplary. The waitress hardly checked up on us to see how we're doing or if the food was good. The hostess was no help either. But if you're looking for break from all the Vegas Buffets, try this place. Great for big groups!
4	We went here for breakfast on a friend's recommendation and were not disappointed . The server told us the portions were big and maybe we should share but me and my boyfriend have very different tastes in food so we each got our own meal. I got the Salmon Benedict  and he got the Bacon Waffles the waitress said the salmon dish was going to be spicy but I think she was thinking about normal people not used to spice. I love spicy Thai food and the salmon dish was just right for me it tasted awesome. She was right about the portion sizes though we each ate half and took the rest back to our hotel.
5	Seriously the best place to eat on the strip! Both the food and the service make this a must go to place. We could eat here every day and never be disappointed.
2	After our $60 breakfast here I can safely say this place isn't worth the hype!When we arrived at 9:30AM there was no wait. When we left, maybe an hour later, there were so many people waiting it had to have been over an hour wait. Let me tell you, I would have been PISSED if I had waited more than 15 minutes for this breakfast!Drinks - I ordered a Watermelon Lemonade and BF ordered a Pistachio Iced Mocha. The drinks were awesome! Mine was slightly sour but had enough watermelon flavor that it wasn't too much. His Pistachio Mocha was sooo good! I was mad that I didn't order it. For breakfast both my BF and my BFF ordered the Tractor Driver Combo which is two eggs, bacon or sausage, and a pancake, or you can substitute a waffle or french toast for one extra dollar. BFF got the pancake (that thing was bigger than the plate it was served on!!) and BF got the Vanilla Waffle. Their eggs (scrambled) were nice and fluffy, the bacon was alright. His waffle was good, but didn't taste like vanilla, and her pancake she liked, but couldn't even eat half of it.My order - okay you know when you read the description for something and then it arrives and you realize you read the description all wrong? This is what happened to me. I ordered the HH Original Benedict. Eggs Benedict - I expect hollandaise and some poached eggs. Whatever else happens is fine, but those are the things I need. I read that I would get a biscuit instead of an english muffin and there was mention of mashed potatoes, although I didn't know how that would fit in. I read about the red pepper cream, but I thought that would be along with my hollandaise. I read basted eggs, and I honestly didn't know what that meant. So I received this massive red mess with sprigs of rosemary and what look like pine needles shooting out the side of my food. I get trying to make a plate look nice, but this was a bit much.The taste? Eh. The top layers are alright. The basted egg is overcooked, no runny yolk at all, but the sauce was okay and the tomato was fine. The bottom layers though, a dry ass biscuit on top of dry mashed potatoes. Not a good combo. They really have no business calling this any sort of benedict since they strayed away from every traditional benedict characteristic possible, aside from stacking everything on top of each other.There are many better places to drop $60 on breakfast at in Vegas - this is not one I would revisit. Also, apparently there was an episode of Man vs Food filmed here? That must be their claim to fame because our waiter mentioned it at least 5 times. Wow, I am so impressed.
3	This restaurant is located in the Imperial Palace hotel. The restaurant itself looks a little drab and old, like there used to be a previous restaurant residing here. Nevertheless, the famous Hash House a Go Go name doesn't disappoint. BEWARE: This place tends to get super busy, especially on weekends. So either come really early...or really late. I came here with three other people and was forewarned about the portions here. When we tried to order our entrees we were told that there was a charge for sharing (what?!). Thankfully, our waitress suggested that we order two entrees and two sides so we could bypass the nonsense charge. First off, my friend and I ordered morning cocktails: a pineapple champagne cocktail and a hibiscus. Unfortunately, the drinks were not good. Save the money, it's not worth it. Interesting menu tid-bit: Look up on their menu O'Hare of the Dog. Only in Vegas would they have that as a menu item. As far as entrees went, we ordered the House Smoked Fresh Salmon Hash and the Sage Fried Chicken Farm Benedict with two sides: Mac and Cheese and some vegetables. The Hash was actually not very good at all. I swear the salmon tasted like it came out of a can and it was super dry. We ended up picking at it throughout the  meal and didn't even finish it. Now the Farm Benedict on the other hand....AMAZING!!!! Hands down one of the best entrees I've had for breakfast EVER! I couldn''t stop eating it! It was a combination of fried chicken, mashed potatoes, biscuits, and gravy heaven. I wish we had ordered two of these. Thank goodness our waitress recommended it!! She also recommended the Brown Sugar Banana flapjacks, which I've read on yelp are amazing, but we didn't order it this time around. I would definitely say that the food saves this place. I can't speak for other locations. The service was sub-par, and for some reason they couldn't find any extra plates for us as well as silverware! It wasn't even that busy the morning we went so how does that happen? Definitely coming back here for breakfast whenever I'm in Sin City. I wouldn't mind trying other locations as well. One thing's for sure: I'm gonna order that Farm Benedict next time.
5	this place deserves five stars! the ones who gave any less most likely did not order the SAGE FRIED CHICKEN BENEDICT! lol but beware, servings are huge so plan to share!
3	This place is a trip. When you walk in off the strip, you have to walk through a construction tunnel. There are barely any signs outside to announce that any business is still active. Once inside, the casino is so old that the slot machines may as well be from the times, when I was a teenager. The ceiling is slow. The air conditioning is set on energy-saver mode. There is an elevator that takes you up. I mean I pushed the button. I couldn't quite tell, if it was moving up or merely idling. The light for the buttons was broken. The air conditioning definitely didn't reach in there. Sweat was pouring down my front, back, everywhere. "Las Vegas has them now," the line from the movie Hangover flashed in my head. There definitely was no telling, if I'd get out of this elevator.Eventually, the door opened one floor higher. The restaurant was equally aged. The web site promised farm fresh produce. That made me think of healthy food. It's not healthy. It's super sized Southern portions. OMG, I had a tower of waffles with a pile of fried chicken on top. Someone stabbed a knife through it to keep it from toppling. It was at least a foot high. The plates were made for giants. This place is really about the portions that are so over the top and over the top again that your eyeballs fall out. It's like a freak show of food. It's definitely worth the experience of checking it out once.I recommend splitting an entree with a party of 10. And, be sure to ask for a wolf-pack-sized doggie bag.Hint: There are coupons floating around.
4	One word......OMG!!!  Oh wait...maybe that's 3 words...oh well.  The portions are huge, ginormous, humongous...and you can't help but take pictures of what you're about to devour...without success.This place is located inside the Imperial Palace, where all this constructions are going on and you can't even the find the proper entrance to the hotel.  Crappy hotel and casino, but Hash House is a hidden gem.  We had to wait about 15 minutes for a table for 4, but well worth it.  The food wasn't just huge in portion, it was actually good.  Sage Fried Chicken Benedict, BBBLT, Sausage Gravy Pot Pie, and the Scramble were all very tasty dishes and a perfect cure for the hangover from the night before.Service can be a bit slow, but who cares when you get to watch everyone else get the most ridiculous meals?  I wanted to walk over to some tables and take pictures of their food too!  Ridonculous!!!
3	I'd love to give this place 4 stars, and my reason for taking a star off might seem odd to some, but honestly... the portions are a little excessive. No one like leaving hungry, but at the same token, not many people I know like being presented with a plate holding enough food to feed 4 people easily. I had the crispy pork loin benedict, which was really tasty. The southwest sauce on it was perfect, but the scrambled eggs on top were almost superfluous. The pork loin covered my entire plate and was laid on top a big biscuit and mashed potatoes. I don't think I was able to finish half of it. I get that they're known for their ridiculous portions, but seriously... it was a bit much. Their bacon waffles (yes, there's strips of bacon IN the waffles) were really good. Super fluffy and a perfect balance of sweet and salty. Their biscuits are big and fluffy and are great with their homemade jam. I think their jam may have been some of the best i've ever had. And the kiwi watermelon lemonade was so so good! If they were to tone down their portions (you can keep them big without being insanely ginormous) I'd give them 4 stars.
4	This is a great place for breakfast.  A group of 5 of us (3 guys 2 girls) went and split 3 different meals: 1. Blueberry Pecan Flapjack - Giant pancake packed with giant blueberries, very good. 2. Sage Fried Chicken Benedict - Our favorite.  The mashed potatoes and spicy mashed potatoes were the winner here. 3. Sage Fried Chicken Indiana Favorite - Very good but if you want to try the fried chicken go with the Benedict.Definitely enough food and worth the visit for sure!
4	The portions are just ridiculous! Seriously ridiculous. My sister and I shared a plate of the Sage Fried Chicken and Waffles and I don't see any other way to conquer that plate.  It comes with two large fried chickens (not chicken pieces, but a whole chicken) and 4 waffles.  All for $15, this was the best deal that we had in Vegas.Our concierge at the Bellagio recommended this place.  She called it the strip's hidden little secret, but it's not a secret because in the middle of the day, the wait time was 30-45 minutes.The hostesses were very impersonable and really had an air about them as if we were bothering them by wanting to be seat.  Luckily, our waiter made up for the rude hostesses.  He was attentive and on point with the drink refills; Always appreciated when the Vegas weather is 115 degress outside.Please make this one of your stops when in Vegas.  From the decor, various celebrities have endorsed and multiple food/cooking shows have featured this restaurant.
5	This place is unbelievable with its giant sized portions! Food is excellent. Fried chic and waffles! Stuffed Mushroom burger!! I've never had anything bad here just great comfort food and HUGE portions to keep an army full!!!
4	I love this place! Great bargain considering how exorbitantly large the portions are. Quality-wise, it just is what it is: yummy diner food.  And the servers have always been helpful and attentive.  Initially I saw a crowd of people waiting just outside the entrance of the restaurant, so I was anticipating a long wait, but the hostess informed me that it would only be a 10-15 minute wait (awesome). There's a bartender that serves Bloody Mary's and such while you wait, so you can a head start on drinking (also awesome).  I got the sage chicken (because it was featured on MvF) and it didn't disappoint. I barely finished a quarter of my food, but it tasted great as leftovers too. Expect to feel a good 5 lbs heavier after your meal... maybe plan a walk down the strip to help digest.This is just one of those places you have to experience so that you can say you went there. Which is made obvious when you sit down at your table and look around to see everyone take a picture of their dish so that they can post it on Facebook with some subtitle along the lines of "hey guys, look at my huge plate of food!!!"
5	Truthfully, this is the only good thing about the Imperial Palace hotel which, itself, is a true shit hole.  Hold your nose and close your eyes as you walk thru IP and take the escalator up to get the HHAGG.  If you can handle THAT, you're home free cuz this is a great spot for breakfast. First off, be aware how ridiculously enormous the portions are.  Split a meal with at least one person, hell, maybe even two!  One pancake is bigger than a huge dinner plate and honestly deserving to be called a "flap jack". The chicken and waffles is a tower enough to feed three people on a regular day - I mean two huge chicken breasts and 3-4 thick-ass waffles. Large sized juices are seriously LARGE sized - close to a quart? Fun atmosphere and reasonable prices considering how much you are served.  We'll definitely be back!
5	This place is sooooo the bomb!  Upon my visit to Vegas yet again I had to have breakfast at Hash House.  My boyfriend had never been to Vegas, so for his first visit to the city, I had to take him to some of my favorite places in the city and Hash House was at the top of the list!  The Imperial palace hotel is under construction, but the restaurant is still open upstairs!I usually sit at the bar and this time was no exception and I was so happy to see Kai was still working there and waited on us.  She is great and very quick!The food was delicious and as usually we couldn't finish it all because they give you so much.  The drinks are just to die for and very much worth the money!I will definitely be back, Hash House you have done it again, thanks for the great service and amazing food!!!!!!!!
4	This is one of the good eats in Vegas.  The portions are not only enormous, but they either tower over your plate or skillet.  The corn beef hash is a signature dish, but there are plenty of variations of omelets, waffles and flapjacks to choose from.  If you're really hungry, you can even get biscuits with gravy on the side or toast with their homemade apricot jam.  I'll have to come back to try their version of fried chicken and waffles.  Service is fast, friendly and helpful especially when describing their specials.  The ambiance is casual and one of the hidden gems in the hotel, which is under construction.  Parking is ample in lots nearby.
5	This place was amazing!! We ordered the Bacon Waffles and coffee. Told them we were going to share & I guess because everyone wants to do this due to their huge portions, there is a charge. Now we have been told of the plate charge @ other restaurants which usually means the kitchen portions it out on another plate for you and we just decline that & they forego the charge but not here. But the waiter did suggest how we might as well order a side dish so we are actually getting something for our $2.50 plate charge. We ordered more bacon of course!! I think that was $3.50 but still, it was all well worth it. I ordered tThey were AMAZING!!!! We ate two & took the other two back to our room where we had it the next a.m. as we were getting ready to head out. (we had a microwave). The coffee was great as was the service! The only complaint i have is the hostess. When she gave us the little pager thing, I told her I had to use the restroom. She told me where it was (downstairs) and I asked if the pager would work that far...she said "yes" so downstairs we went. Don't worry, the bf held the pager for me so I didn't take it n the bathroom (though I'm sure there are people who do). We got a message on it saying the pager wasn't receiving messages. We had to go back upstairs to get it reset. We still had about 30 mins of a wait so we went downstairs again, but not as far as the bathrooms, to play a few slots & got the same message. So for future reference, the pagers don't work downstairs!
4	I used to go to the original Hash House all the time and have missed it immensely.  So glad to have one in Vegas now!   Hash was great!  Service was friendly, although a few minor holes.  Portions were immense and tasty!   I made my meal 2 meals!
5	I went here twice on my Vegas vacation because it was in the hotel we were staying at (Imperial Palace). I went here for breakfast and got the largest buttermilk pancakes I have ever seen in my life for only $6.95. This amazed me due to everything being so expensive in Vegas, I assumed they would be small. Believe me, they are HUGE. I took 3/4 of the pancake to go because I was full. Then for dinner I ordered a Griddled Cheese sandwich with prosciutto. It was really good and again affordable. The breakfast server was amazing. Very friendly, helpful, and stayed on top of us despite the large amount of people. The dinner server on the other hand forgot about us several times despite there only being maybe 6 more groups in there at the time. The food was great and cheap and the restaurant has a cool vibe. Highly recommend.
5	HOLY GIANT PANCAKE!!!So delicious though!!This is by far the best thing about the IP
2	Quantity is not alway better then quality and I think that is what is lacking here. I get and appreciate the effort they try to make with the "farm to table" aspect they are trying to go for but this is in a huge hotel where it gets lost it is over eager to please and the food while plentiful and humungous in size it doent deliver on tatse it is missing something, like restraint and finesse. The wait staff get points for personality and knowledge of the menu and its offerings but they cannot over come the fact that it is all show and  no substance. I would prefer if they had the left the Red Cup Cafe in here it's food was superior and it was quaint and unassuming.
5	Banana Brown Sugar Pancake, HUGE and OMG SO GOOD!!! French Toast, HUGE and OMG SO GOOD!! 1LB Applewood Smoked Bacon & Mashed Potato Stuffed Burger-HUGE AND SO SO GOOD!! No trip to Vegas is ever complete without getting our fix here. The best, Love it!
5	Portion control is thrown out the window at Hash House, in fact I'm warning you now come hungry. This was probably one of our top eats in Vegas, not to mention one of the few times we woke up early enough to have breakfast, oh Vegas how you screw up schedules so. Small wait when we got there, but nothing horrible. The service was right on when we sat down to quickly take our drink order, Tangerine Mimosa, so delicious, and coffee (this was a must just cause I rose to the morning doesn't mean I'm not dragging). I wish I would have gotten our servers name her hair was super fun, perfect mohawk, and had great suggestions for our game of 20 questions at the Hash House! Ordered the Hash with fresh mushrooms, artichoke hearts, sundried tomatoes, and fresh spinach $12.95. It came with a biscuit and wedge of watermelon, all served in a giant skillet. Food was excellent, and I fully stuffed to the brim. Side note: Make sure you try the in house apricot jam, my table cleaned it out, sure hope they refilled it for the next customers. The Hash House is probably the only reason to go to the Imperial Palace beyond that steer clear of the area, tons of construction going on currently, and its a bit of a pain to navigate the "entrance" and park.
3	The food looks better than it tastes.  Not to say it was bad, it just was ok.  I got the sage fried chicken breakfast and a bloody mary, and as many have said here, the chicken could use some seasoning as it was pretty bland.  The drinks were better than the food, I have to say.I'm not big on gigantic novelty meals that I won't finish, I'd rather the food taste great.  That all said, it's still a solid breakfast choice.
2	I was in a party of 3 and when we arrived we were told a 20-25 min wait...no problem as I figured there would be a wait. We went downstairs to gamble for about 10 minutes and then came back up and waited. After a total of 30 minutes I went up to ask how much longer and they told me they tried calling us. Well I waited for 20 minutes and heard nothing so they obviously called within the first 10 minutes. Normally that would be great but given that I was told 20-25 minutes I figured I could go downstairs where there were seats to wait. I don't understand why they weren't using the paging system either. That was frustrating but not a deal breaker. After seating us when I asked we then sat there for 10+ minutes without a single person coming over to greet us. I had to stop a gentleman who wasn't even our server. I ordered my burger with no avocado and sure enough it came on the burger. The food was good, the portions are huge but the prices reflect it. I usually don't say bad things but I was frustrated with the lack of organization within the restaurant. I won't be returning.
5	So, this is one in the series of reviews I'm throwing up there during my #transient-week adventure thru Southern Nevada and Arizona. There were several casualties.The only casualty that came out of this place was my appetite. We came here after a pretty rough night of gambling and drinking and wanted a bomb place to grub on some food - so we came here on a recommendation of a friend that assured me this place was the shit. Let me tell you, if all his recommendations were this spot on, I maybe forced to push thru legalizing gay marriages. The portions were huge, so big in fact that I literally took half of it in a to-go box and munch on it while traveling to Phoenix. Not only are the portions are huge, but they're f***ing fantastic. My breakfast was absolutely to die for. Just as if all that wasn't enough, the culinary geniuses behind the counter made the presentations gorgeous - I mean, i almost didn't want to eat my breakfast, it was that perdy! I guess my only real beef with this place is after managing to pick ourselves off the floor and actually manage to get into the joint for breakfast, was that the place was packed. I mean, ridiculously stupid long wait packed. We ended up lounging around by the bar and tiger pounced on seats as they came open.Sorry to the couple that we elbowed to the face to get those seats. This boy came hungry! Hope your chin heals.
4	We had a heck of an adventure finding this place. The Imperial PALACE (ahem) is the most confusing place I've been to yet! We got lost a few times, went up and down a few creepy elevators, and eventually found this place. Wait time was about 30 minutes, bearable with the right people and bloody marys. Food is good, more appealing in presentation and size. The waffle was delicious, fried chicken with sage was flavorful. I could have probably done without the hash and quesadilla but I was glad to try it. I recommend one order to share between two people. The portions are HUGE and I love it!!
3	Hash House a Go Go is up the escalator in the Imperial Palace Hotel.  It is actually a nice place to go to (surprisingly given all the renovation going on at the Imperial Palace).  We wanted a casual meal reasonable costs and Hash House A Go Go delivered. There were 3 in our party - one had  a hamburger; one had a salmon burger, and I had their chicken pecan salad.  I like pecans - and this salad delivered (almost to the point where I was almost ready to say no more - which is surprising for me).The food is huge - my salad would easily serve a family of 4 - and as such, I did not finish it.  It was quite filling and prices were very reasonable.If you want a casual meal which will fill you up, this place is a go to place.  If you want fine dining - its not; but for breakfast, lunch, or a casual dinner, the place delivers.Service was good.  The piped in music is ok here - but a bit loud (we had one person with some hearing issues).  We still were able to have a conversation though.Overall, good place to go for what it is - casual dining with huge portions with a reasonable cost in a very expensive dining area i.e. the Las Vegas strip.
4	DEEEEEEEEEEEEElicious!! Ordered the BLT bloody mary. A little bit lost on how exactly to drink/eat it. Also ordered the BLT to eat. (BLT kick??) Very good to both.  Bread was really good. Ate off the man's plate too. He got scrambled eggs, which were overly cheesy so ask for less cheese if you don't like having equal parts egg to cheese. They have really good biscuits and home made jelly.
5	I love this place. The portions, the service, and the atmosphere is just great. The portion: beyond generous. The average plate can typically feed two people. The appetizer can feed one person. If you are daring like me try to eat the main dish by yourself. This place serves breakfasts all day so that's a plus. I ordered the fried chicken benedict...bomb. The chicken is crispy. The eggs is fluffy. Mash potato is delicious. Bacon...chipotle sauce and cheese. Mmm mmm goodThe service was excellent. Made my visit even better. Our waiter was very friendly and quick.
3	A hang over cure? yes. A culinary must? No. The best part of my meal was that they serve great coffee. No cream, no sugar. That's about where the impressiveness stopped. I ordered the fried chicken Benedict dish. I was craving fried chicken and something hearty to rejuvenate me from a weekend of drinking the equivalent in my weight. Fried chicken breast atop mashed potatoes, and a biscuit. Stuffed with spinach and bacon, smothered in hollandaise sauce. Just what the dr ordered....or so I thought. The dish was fine, just nothing too memorable. With a 'as shown on man v food' tag on the menu, you'd expect delicious. I shoulda realized it meant, 'too much food for any person to ever eat in one sitting'. If you're staying nearby and are just looking for food, sure. But don't waste your time going out of the way to eat here.
4	Hungry? You better be if going to the Hash House! Stayed at Imperial Palace for a recent convention and ate at the HH each of the three mornings. Tried to give another place a shot but it was as if a giant pork covered magnet was pulling me in.Their coffee rivals any Starbucks/coffee house. Seriously. It's hot, it's dark and it's good stuff. No need for sugar or cream, just man up and drink it like it was meant to be drunk.My first breakfast was a chorizo, jalepeno, tomato, cheesy hash and it was fantastic. Potatoes in the hash are perfectly crisp. Over easy eggs were cooked perfectly and served with a fluffy biscuit and fruit. Wonderful, homemade jam sits at every table.Second day I went with The Basic which is 2 eggs, potatoes, fruit and a biscuit. I added bacon for an extra $2.50. I probably should have left the bacon off as it was a little disappointing. I know, I know. Bacon? Disappointing? Not sure how those two words could ever be uttered in the same breath but my two strips were melded together and a little overdone. Reminded me of the bacon in the cafeteria of the hospital I work in. Pre-cooked and piled into a metal pan and heated on the grill for each order.Last morning was a Saturday morning and the place was slammed so I sat at the bar. I ordered the Biscuits and Gravy breakfast which comes with two eggs, fruit and mashed potatoes. I really wanted to order according to menu and try the mashed potatoes but those crispy potatoes are sooooo good that I made the substitution for the mashed. Tasty gravy with nice big chunks of sausage!All the dishes are nicely arranged and garnished. Each morning my biscuit came with a sprig of rosemary sticking out of it. Nice touch.The atmosphere is pleasant with good music being piped in. Wait staff is friendly and service is fast. On the morning I sat at the bar for breakfast, the bartender asked if I drank and I replied to the affirmative. (Hello!?  Is this not Vegas??!!) Next thing I knew there was a gratis mimosa sitting next to my coffee. Yep, I'm a fan!
4	I just want to start off by saying I went with a big party of 10 on a Friday night to the Hash House, we did not have to wait but maybe 10 mins for a table, our server was Brad, Brad was extremely attentive, helpful, went above the line of duty, and made sure our table was happy. When I said above the line of duty, for most of us it was our 1st time there and 2 ordered the same sandwich and when one got it, the other friend was just commenting to us oh if I knew it had chopped peppers on it I would have ask to have that removed, when Brad brought her dish out, the peppers were not even their! He was an excellent server! I spilt an order of Fried Green Tomato stack with a friend, and when it came out, it was very eye pleasing. So bright with color and stacked beautifully! It was thick slices of fried green tomatoes, feta cheese, a chicken salad between layers & sweet tangy balsamic vinaigrette drizzled all over it. Oh My Gawd!!! That was some delicious heaven!! Was sad when it was all gone, just talking about it now is making me want it again!I also ordered the cheddar, bacon avocado hamburger with horseradish mash potatoes. WOW that's a huge burger; I could only eat a quarter of it and that's with removing one of the patties, the bun was perfect, it held everything together, firm yet soft, the cheese was real sharp cheddar the bacon were soft crispy strips that just melted in your mouth, the avocado, oh man that was the best, so fresh, so creamy just yum!! The horseradish potatoes were perfect! Now I ate most of them, couldn't stop, they were sooo good but because of that, only ate a  of my burger.    I look forward to coming back! So many things to still try!
4	Share a meal!!! The waiter told us the portions were big, so we shared. Good thing. If we hadn't, we would have over spent. I shared the chicken and waffles with one son, my husband shared a hash plate with another son, The two little ones ordered from the kids menu, and their pancakes were huge. The food was yum, plated nicely, and good. The kids really wanted to go here after seeing it on TV. Glad we did, next time we're in town we'll drop by again,
5	This place was awesome! The food was HUGE and filling. My husband had a burger and it could of fed us both. He also had the BLT Bloody Mary and it was spicy but the bacon was crisp. I had the basic breakfast and was very happy with it all! We wanted to return but really just had to much to do. Highly recommend!
4	Heard this was a really good place for a heavy big plated breakfast or as one of my friend said "Denny's on steroid" and usually there's a 3 hour wait because it is always packed. Well I was already starving but since I wanted to try this place I decided to try it. Luckily when we got there, there was no wait....and we got seated right away...and this was a Saturday around lunch time. We all decided to kind of share since the portions were so big...so I ordered the Fried Chicken Benedict which was featured on Man vs. Food as a favorite food of this restaurant. mMmMmM it was delicious indeed! The sauce was amazing and the combination of fried chicken, egg, biscuit covered in an amazing gravy sauce was sensational and I probably could have finished the whole thing myself if I wasn't watching out for carb intake....however I totally wiped clean my half of the plate. hehe Definitely a good place for very hungry people and for those that love a heavy amazingly delicious breakfast meal.
5	I've said it before...I HATE BREAKFAST.  There's something about Hash House a Go Go that changes my mind, though.  Maybe it's the delicious Bloody Marys that can be had at 8 in the morning (yes, I DID get talked into buying the souvenir glass.  What?  It's all tilty and cute.).  Maybe it's the fact that this place is a stellar restaurant in an otherwise shitty hotel/casino...makes you feel like you've actually won in Vegas when you stumble upon it.  It might also be the fact that the food is inventive, sustainable, AND delicious (as well as HUGE).  AND there is good music pumping too (thankyoufornotplayingtechnoorpophere.)Whatever it is, it comes down to this: the food and drinks were great, the service was amazing, and I was thrilled to actually be enjoying breakfast (something I RARELY make it to in Vegas).  The only thing I can complain about is the bench seats along the edge of the restaurant...I was forced to sit NEXT TO my husband instead of across from him.  THE HORROR!
3	enjoyed it but i can go without my plate looking like jumanji...
5	OMG! I finally understand the definition of a foodgasm. I had been here before for breakfast but this time came for dinner, because we had a restaurant.com certificate that was good for dinner only. That was a lucky break, because dinner was fabulous!My partner and I ordered the all blue crabcakes and the chicken and waffles. The crabcakes were huge and crammed full of real crabmeat. It was very rich but oh so good. A couple sauces on the side, one sweet and one with a little bit of spice were perfect compliments. And the side of potatoes were made of white potatoes and butternut squash. Yummy!Save room for the chicken and waffles. This was the first time that I had ever tried this dish anywhere and as the waiter said, the bar has been set REALLY high now. The chicken was super crispy on the outside and moist and delicious on the inside. Great herbs and spices in the batter, perfectly complemented the chicken. The waffles were delicious and they had huge strips of bacon inside. We're not talking little bits o' bacon, we're talking huge, full-on strips o' bacon!Beware! The portions are huge. We had enough to stuff ourselves at the table and to have two more meals. Luckily we're staying in a condo with a kitchenette. Definitely worth going here for any meal at any time of day. And check out restaurant.com for a really great coupon deal!
3	Yes, the portions are as obscene as ever, which makes everyone laugh.  But, this Hash House experience was not as good as to our visit at the West-side location (6800 W Sahara Ave).  And, this location is kinda odd... basically a windowless attic in the Imperial Palace.  And, while the food was pretty good, it was inconsistent.  Worse, the service was definitely lacking.  I'd say overall 2.5 stars.Service - 2 starsThe server had a nice demeanor, sort of Southern-friendly like, but his recall and follow-up were poor.  For instance, he totally forgot to order two of our drinks & one of our meals.  We also waited a VERY long time for everything... drinks, food, & check.Chicken & Waffles - 2 starsGood, but again not as good as the West-side location.  The waffles were not fully cooked (making them very heavy) and maple reduction sauce was too light to compensate.Meatloaf Sandwich w/Cheese - 4 starsA touch dry, but very tasty.  It came sandwiched between this crazy big bread (think Texas Toast on steroids.)  Fun to look at, but you couldn't taste much else but bread.  Flung the "discus of bread" onto another plate.  After that, the open-face style was much better.  Stuffed Hamburger - 2 starsAgain, fun to see delivered.  But, the meat (two huge patties - like manhole covers) were pressed too thin, making them well-done & dried out.  Also, that burger meat quality was so-so (think basic McDonald's burger, but much bigger)Big O' Roasted Butternut Squash - 4 starsUnique dish... Squash stuffed with risotto and crowned with fried portabello mushroom and served with an ear of corn on the cobb.  But, it was huge carbo-load.  Two people could not finish it.Overall, if you've never been HHAGG, it's fun to check out.  But, with all the uber-great restaurants in Vegas, we'll probably not return here.
4	I came here hungry with a friend who said this place was great. It was supposed to have huge portions and it was right on. I was starving and left completely stuffed, and I didn't even finish my meal. I had the signature Sage Fried Chicken and Waffles. The chicken breast was juicy and crispy, with a sage and garlic batter, extremely tasty. They served two of them along with 4 waffles, with chunks of apple wood bacon cooked inside. I thought this was going to taste great, but it was a bit plain and doughy. It was served with reduced maple syrup for extra flavor. I couldn't even finish 2 waffles. I enjoyed it, but needed to walk off all that food, which took a while. I would go back to try their stuffed burgers next time. I saw someone eating one and it looked very tasty.
5	Farm to table. And then another table. And another. So much food. Went in a group of 7 out-of-towners. Despite the pleadings of one of our members that sharing might be a good idea, we each ordered individual dishes. We should have listened...The sage fried chicken and waffles was the most popular dish at the table. 3 of us ordered it, myself included,  and everyone got a taste. The chicken was nicely fried, with perfectly crisp skin. I could have stood for it to be a little moister but that's nitpicking. You get two good size white meat pieces to go with your 4 bacon-Belgium waffles. Yes, the bacon is baked INTO the waffles. Brilliant.I got to taste one of their giant flapjacks, as well (Snickers flavored). Fluffy and flavorful. That's the way to do it.The server and other waitstaff helping out was very friendly and handled our large group well, including a late drink order change.Drinks, yes, we had some, a variety of mimosas, a strawberry margarita, a BLT bloody mary. I wasn't overly impressed with my mimosa (I went with a lemonade one) but I ended up switching with someone who had a pineapple mimosa and we were both happier. The BLT bloody mary literally comes with a mini BLT. You just have to put it together yourself.And all of that food was NOT terribly expensive. This is a great value on the strip. You easily get at least two, if not 3, meals out of each dish, and, with reasonable prices to begin with, that means more money in your pocket to chase straights or split your eights.
3	Ehh mixed feelings.So after having this place hyped up by one of my buddies, I was really excited since i like a good breakfast. And i LOVE a good breakfast after a hard night of drinking..which is where this review will begin! lolSo when we get to Imperial Palace, we find Hash House and it's swarmed by people waiting to get in.  The hostess informs us that it's about an hour wait time to get seated..$10 and 5 minutes later, we were seated hahaI know it was busy and all, but it took absolutely forever to take our orders, bring out drinks, and bring out our food.  So service you can was average at the best. Our waitress was nice when we did see her, but that was rare.I opted for the world famous sage fried chicken and waffles. the chicken was really good! the batter was light and flavorful. the waffles had huge strips of bacon inside them. however, besides that there was nothing special about them.  batter they used was a little heavy, and the waffle itself was uneventful. Pricing is good for the Strip. Most dishes were around $15 and portions were huge and easily shared. Maybe I was expecting too much? But this place wasn't all that cracked out. The food was average at best. If I hadn't greased the hostess, this meal would have taken more then 2 hours if you include the wait time.I'd eat here again though, but maybe on a weekday and a different dish!
4	This is the kind of place you should take your worst enemy. Order him a Sage Fried Chicken and Bacon Waffles. And when he's done and the blood flow to his brain has slowed to a trickle, stab him in the chest. Bitch ain't going nowhere.
4	Perfect hangover food.We waited approximately 45min before we were seated, there was about 12 of us, so it was understandable. I asked our server which was the best dish in his opinion and he said the Sage Fried Chicken Breast & Waffles, so I ordered it. Not disappointed AT ALL. I love my friend chicken crispy not too oily, and this was perfect, the waffles were fluffy. I couldnt finish my dish, the portions were huge.Service was friendly and sweet. They talked to us while we waited to be seat. When you're hung over from a night out in Vegas, this is the place to be. NOM.
4	It was a fun experience the blue cheese walnut salad with fried chicken and biscuit was probably the best salad I have ever tasted in my 39 yr old life. But upon returning to the same place for a second attempt was not as good. The atmosphere wasnt that great for lunch and the renowned fried chicken and waffles was good but I think it's more about the size rather than taste. Yes it was huge portions but huge on taste ? No way. How can sage infused fried chicken with syrup and bacon waffles go together? Beats me!!!! Above average to good. Sorry fans.
3	I'd been dying to try the San Diego location since friends keep posting pictures of these giant fancy plates of food from this place. We walked in about 9 am on a Sunday morning. We saw lots of people sitting in the waiting area so we were expecting a wait but luckily the hostess just ushered us in. They have plenty of small tables available for 2- 4 people. Guess there were large groups outside. But by the end of the meal, the place was packed, both inside and out. Anyways, the first thing the waitress said was that the portions are huge. I already knew that and decided to split a dish with someone. The guys each ordered their own dish and ended up boxing up half of it. Hahaha. So I split the house hash with chicken. It was served in a heavy iron skillet along with a biscuit, 2 eggs and fruit. We were starving but it was so much food. The two of us had trouble finishing it. It wasn't that amazing either. The food is just ok. I don't know if I love it or will crave it in the future. It's a little bit greasy. I think their gimmick is just huge portions and I guess their food presentation is pretty good. My friend got the Andy's sage fried chicken eggs benedict (which is a Man vs Food fav) but man it's like almost a foot high, everything piled on top of each other. Looked really good. I only tried a bit of the mashed potatoes and chicken and hollandaise sauce. It was tasty. That dish was like $16 though. Everything is about $15 or more but I guess if it feeds you twice, it's ok. Hard to have leftovers on vacation though and I'm guessing a lot of people that come here are tourists. Oh and the other guy at our table got the combo with a waffle, eggs, sausage, and fruit. The waffle took up like  of the plate and half of the waffle went home with us as well. Haha. Oh and I have to mention service was horrible. Our waitress liked to disappear for long periods of time. She was nice and polite but nowhere to be found. Other people brought out our drinks and food. And we had to flag other wait staff to get an extra plate and boxes at the end. Man, it would've been a much quicker meal if we had better service.
5	I've been here three times now with nary a disappointment. Yes, there's a huge crowd and a long wait, but it's worth it. By far our favorite breakfast spot while in Vegas. They temper the wait with serving the very best bloody Mary's in the world in the waiting area. Pickled green bean in my drank? Yes please!Portions are enormous and perfect for taking half back to the hotel to eat later. Share a plate? Pffft, I think not. I've tried the salmon benedict and the salmon hash, and I think the hashes win over other stuff. I love their biscuits and the sage poking out of them is cute, but it makes the biscuit taste like sage so if you're not a huge fan you might want to ask for no sage in your biscuit. The homemade peach jam on the table is not as good as it sounds, and if you've ever had peach baby food, well then, there ya go. The biscuit is  more than fine without it, though.Super delicious and worth navigating the Imperial Palace construction and the long wait.
5	Man O Man.  What else is there to say other than BAD ASS!!!   This place was great.  My girl and I went hear for breakfast and we had a pleasant food experience.  She got this giant blueberry pan cake and I got the frien chicken Benedict.  It's not just a bunch of food thrown together, but also delicious as well.  All the flavors of the Benedict were popping individually.  We will definetly be back for more !!!
3	Kinda fun place. Very good service and good music playing food came out looking like artwork and kinda tasted like it too. Ha, not really, but it was not as good as it looked. Chicken was over cooked and tough, several of the stacked ingredients were not hot or even warm. I had the Sage Fried Chicken Benedict and it was huge amount of food. I can see how if they were on their game it could be really good. Never had a burning desire to eat there a second time but I would try it again. The guy next to me had a pancake that looked really good and was huge.
4	two days in, this is my favorite thing about vegas.  portion size is an amazing value when sharing (but a waste if you're trying to go it alone w/o "man vs food" appetite).  the pancake is the size of a medium size pizza!  not that we ordered one, just an observation of the table next to us where the woman ate a mere 1/8 of the pie, i mean, pancake.  our table split 3 types of hash (salmon, meatloaf and roasted chicken), which were all tasty, but the real star was the fried chicken & waffles.  oh my goodness, that was heaven, even for someone like me who isn't really a fried chicken kinda gal.  but wow, so juicy and tasty!  and lord, the bacon INSIDE the waffle is pure genius!  i can safely say, i'm going back ... maybe every day that i'm here?
4	This restaurant is located in one of the crappiest hotels on the strip (Imperial Palace), but it's definitely a hot spot for brunch.  My bf and I shared the Sage Fried Chicken Benedict, which was freaking HUMONGOUS. We weren't even able to finish the entire thing between the two of us.  Our friend got the fried chicken and waffles, which was also huge and looked delicious. I tried a bit of the waffles which had chunks of bacon in it, which I thought was good, and i don't even like bacon!Overall, the food was good, but next time I'd probably opt for the fried chicken and waffles. The fried chicken benedict kinda had too much going on, as gigantic as it was, with the mashed potatoes, chicken, eggs, biscuit, etc. Overall, it was a good and satiating meal and I'll definitely come back during my next trip to Vegas!
5	+ Some of the best service I've had, period, and the best we had in Vegas, far surpassing all of our super expensive indulgences.+ Went 11 on a Friday morning, was told there'd be a 15 min wait, waited 10 or less.+ Maybe the best breakfast I've had, period. Split the chicken and waffles. Still couldn't finish it all. Also tried a couple of the scrambles that friends got, and were delicious. The biscuits were wonderful, too.+ Drinks were some of the best I've had, period, and the best we had in Vegas. We got the spiked watermelon lemonade, both juices fresh. It came in a glass that you get to keep and is actually super neat, and nice quality. The booze is something like 20 oz and strong - and that with the glass is $12.95. If you ask me, that is not bad. Heads up that it is in a super random spot in the middle of the Imperial Palace casino, so kinda hard to find.I would like to give a special shout out to our waiter. I will come back and add his name if I can find my receipt. He was so attentive, helpful, friendly, everything, had great suggestions, didn't mind that we asked him to take like 50 pics, offered to put the second watermelon lemonade we ordered for the road (because they were that good) into several cups so we could all share. Truly a nice guy.Probably the only thing I will miss in Vegas. Please open more!!!!!
4	Servings are huge!!! Even the kids menu is impressive! There was no wait for Diamond card holders!!!
2	I had to go here because it was featured on Man vs. Food.  I love Adam Richman to the point that I want my future kid (if I were to have one) to be named after him.  I watch his shows and I constantly watch the reruns on Netflix.  Dude, I hyperventilated when he friended me on Facebook (his personal page!!!).  For those of you that know me can vouch that I have a pretty big appetite.  I have the appetite of a 6 foot lumberjack.  Heck, I ate more than the boyfriend and his younger brother in a single sitting so... w/ that said, I ordered the Andy's Sage Fried Chicken Hash House Farm Benedict.  The entree: hipotle cream with peppers, scrambled eggs, mozzarella, fried chicken, bacon, tomatoes, spinach, biscuits on top of potatoes.  The size of this thing is huge but I cleaned it no problem.What was disappointing though was that although the combination is crazy and unique, it was rather bland and dry.  I hardly ever use ketchup on my breakfast but I had to resort to that since the chicken was extremely dry.  The boyfriend got a regular omelet w/ a bloody mary (you get to keep the glass) and the younger brother ordered the bacon waffle w/ whipped cream and a glass of milk but our server failed and brought out chocolate milk instead.  The food took some time because we were told everything was made from scratch.  The wait was fine since the 3 of us talked and if I recall, both guys were on their phone playing games whilst I looked on.  I was pissed that I had no reception (AT&T/iPhone) plus I did not want to drain my battery.  After devouring about 7,000 calories, I was ready to drink my glass of water and tackle on the macaroons at Bouchon Bakery and that was exactly what we did... if I continue to eat like this, I must live at the gym but thankfully I don't eat like this daily although I so could.  Thanks to the eating escapades and overloading on diet sodas, I'm not eating meat and have not touched diet soda since Monday.  It is only Wednesday and I've lost my Vegas weight gain and feel pretty darn proud of myself.
4	Went here 2 times over the past weekend.  Both times I tried 2 salads.  One was the chicken ceaser & I forget what the other one was called. Both salads were GREAT.  Served in very large bowl like plate w/ a big homemade biscuit.  The biscuit was soft and tasted very good. The salad dressing to both salads tasted very unique, different than the usual run of the mill salad dressings.  It was not that expensive for two lunches/brunch and a drink, under $50.  The alcoholic drinks left a little to be desired.  I had a pink lemonade margarita.  It tasted sweet, sort of watered down.  Not that great & it took too long to get our drinks when the place wasn't full at the time me & my husband went. The food came almost at the same time as the drinks even thou we had ordered the drinks first. In my opinion they need to get more experienced, seasoned bartenders.  From what I saw they have young girls making drinks that don't look that serious about how to make a good drink. Seems they rather chit chat with their fellow servers then learn to make a good drink.  If the place wants eye candy as their bartenders, they should train them right. Otherwise I think this place was great.
3	Great Breakfast. Waffles were awesome. Pricing was good as well.
3	If you are craving some Chicken and Waffles this is the place to go. At $16.95 you get  two portions of white meat chicken and waffles with bacon strips sandwiched inside.GOOD:* SAGE FRIED CHICKEN WITH STACKED BACON WAFFLES (17):   - You can taste the sage in the fried chicken and is best if you include a bite of the fried leeks that they scatter around the plate. The waffles are nice and thick with strips of bacon layered inside. Not like other places where they chop the bacon into bits and mix it into the batter. The only downer is that the waffles are a bit limp and has lost any "crunch" to the exterior. Which I have learned through America's Text Kitchen is because there is too much moister in the batter or maybe the steam from the bacon did it. For the price and the size its a nice brunch that will tide you over till dinner or snack time, which ever comes first.OKAY:* its hard to get to this place because it is inside Imperial Palace, which is undergoing a renovation.* if you are slow to wake-up, then be ready to get more rest as you wait for a table to open up. They don't have enough staff for the number of customers who want in.
4	My daughter, my friend, and I ate here three weeks ago. The food was delicious, our server wasn't so great, (which is why I gave 4 stars instead of 5) and the wait seem like forever,  it was actually a little over an hour. Yes, it was worth it! Everything is cook per order and the portion are OVERSIZE. There's no way you can watch your weight eating here. lol. Overall I adore this little gem in Imperial Palace. Although the waiter wasn't great, I still left him a hefty tip. Maybe he was stress, from the morning chaos. :)
5	A Vegas must for me! They have to best Bloody Mary's on the strip as well as the uniquely large Sage Fried Chicken and Waffles. AWESOME! Gotta stop by and get my late day brunch any time. Well worth the wait, especially since I can do it at the bar over a tangerine mimosa or a BLT Mary!
4	Ordered Corned Beef, red onions and swiss cheese and the sage fried chicken.  Huge serving!!! It's best to share it with a group.
5	Awesome sage fried chicken and biscuits Benedict. Boneless fried chicken on top of a biscuit and mashed potatoes, and covered with eggs, cheese, and chipotle gravy.  Can't wait to go again in the future :)
5	Best go to spot for brunch. It's hard to find, inside Imperial Palace, but once you find it, it def is worth the trip. I had the Trucker Special with the French toast griddle. Best French toasts I've ever had!! I recommend to share an entree, the servings are huge. If you decide to have your own plate, be prepared to have leftovers. But who doesn't love leftovers?! I know I do!
3	As seen on Man Vs. Food... This pace is hype, so there is always a wait!I was excited to give this pace a go but a little disappointed when we got our food... I ordered a pancake, yes it was bigger than my head, but the one pancake was pretty much my entire meal. They didn't have any breakfasts that featured their hugh cakes or french toast with eggs and hash browns or anything like that, which was what I was really looking forward to (a breakfast plate). You do get to select ONE side but when my plate came out I LITERALLY looked down to find one pancake and 6 tiny potato cubes, which I consumed in 1.5 bites. The potatoes were really good too! I'd rather have a couple regular sized pancakes and a generous portion of potatoes than a ridiculously oversized pancake with one bite of potato... I like more variety in my breakfast. I'm glad we came here because now I can say I've tried it but I can honestly say I'll never be back! There are too many better places to eat in Vegas!
4	Great place!!!! Order the Biscuit and gravy with a fried egg though. Also the burgers are awesome....Kids plates can easily be shared between 2 kids...even if the eat a lot.
4	Huge brunch crowd, little bit of a wait, but totally worth it.This place is in the Imperial Palace which is under construction right now-- a little bit of a hassle to find... We were told that the wait would be about 30 min when we arrived on a Saturday morning, but I doubt it even took 20. This place is huge, and they put out a lot of food.All I could think of while I was there was how much food this place must throw away every day. The portions are gigantic. Really out of control big. I was starving, and I doubt I ate 1/3 of what was on my plate.I ordered the Fried Chicken w/ Bacon Mashed Potatoes, Biscuit and Eggs. My husband ordered the Fried Chicken Benedict. I liked mine a lot. He LOVED his. The bacon mashed potatoes were the standout for me. I thought they were excellent. The fried chicken was really good too-- it's fried with sage, and has a maple reduction. Waitress was very friendly and attentive.We'd definitely go back. For the price and the amount of food you get, I'd say that this is one of the best values in Vegas.
5	Came here for breakfast/brunch with my wife this past week - our wait was only ~15-20 minutes for a table, and we placed our order in pretty much immediately - the sage fried chicken & waffles and sage fried chicken benedict.OMG - the proportions are ridiculously and almost obscenely ginormous. I think my wife (who almost usually always agrees with me heh heh) would agree with me that the chicken & waffles were more thoroughly enjoyable (from start to finish) than the benedict just because the benedict was quite a bit heavier. From the first bite, they both were delish, but the heaviness of the benedict/biscuit eventually wore me down. The waffles are AMAZING - seriously - bacon-stuffed waffles? why doesn't everybody do this? So good. And the fried leeks/green onion garnish that they use on the chicken & waffles - also wonderful.would totally recommend anybody to come and try these 2 dishes - but if you're coming alone - just get the chicken & waffles!!!!! You're not going to regret it!
2	Always read and heard reviews about this place serving up good breakfast. So I decide to stop by one morning for late breakfast while in vegas. Got here early and put our names down. Within the next 10 minutes or so the place filled up quickly and there was a long wait. Couple of my friends were running abit late so they didn't seat us since all the parties weren't there. So we kept getting pushed back till my friends arrive and they keep calling other parties before calling us. We were furious plus it doesn't help I was so hungry prior to getting there and one of my friends husband was on his lunch break. So the wait ended up being almost an hour, and the food was mediocre at best. Seriously? I got the waffles with eggs and the portions were pretty big but they tasted plain and  nothing special other than their portions being huge. But I prefer quality over quantity, esp vacationing in vegas. ehhhhh next stop!
3	We came here after an all nighter -- the usual people do when they are here in Vegas.  After drinking, partying and gambling we were hungry, and realized it was already bright and early.  We decided to check out the place and wait for it to open.  We got there as soon as it open, so we were seated right away.  Our waitress greeted us with a warm greeting.  She was very pleasant and answered out question.I ordered the Sage Fried Chicken and Waffles Maple Bacon Tower - its came with 6 or eight pieces of waffles and 2 pieces of Boneless Chicken Breast.  My friend ordered the Sage Fried Chicken Eggs Benedict, and the other ordered the Smoked Salmon Scrambled.Imagine our eyes when they brought our order.  They were NOT kidding when they say that the portion size were HUGE!  I suggest that you come here very hungry or possibly just share a plate.  As far as the taste goes, Im not too impressed.  Im not a big fan of BIG portions, I prefer to have taste, quality over quantity.  I think its over rated.  The Fried Chicken Breast was dry, a little bland.  The waffles was too thick and doughy.  The Maple Bacon, well its missing the Maple flavor.  As far as my friends order, well I didnt like it so much - the Sage Chicken Eggs Benedict looks like a heart attack waiting to happen.  I did like the Smoke salmon and Eggs scramble.I might try again - to see definitely for Lunch or Dinner.
4	Let me preface this by saying that I don't usually like chicken.  Yes, yes, I know, who doesn't like chicken?  Well, I don't.  But THIS chicken...the chicken and waffles is just AMAZING.  My boyfriend ordered it and I ended up eating most of his chicken because it was just so damn tasty.  The mix of herbs they put in there really infuse the chicken and make it taste like a bird that's flown in from heaven.  I thought the friend chicken here was inifintely better than Roscoe's (I know, blasphemy to some).  Also, I usually can't eat more than a bite of pancakes.  But...the brown sugar banana pancake is also REALLY REALLY REALLY GOOD here.  The pancake is pizza size, and the entire top is glazed with a crunchy brown sugar coating that pairs great with the pancake beneath.  Yum!I got some kind of a sausage scramble (can't even remember which one) which was not really very great.   Also, the "bacon waffles" do have bacon embedded in them, but they disappointingly do not taste quite as good as they sound in theory.
5	OMGeewhiz!!! This place is freaking fantastic!!! My family and I went on a last minute trip to Vegas and I mean LAST minute, only about 12hrs we decided to book a room and we were on the road.Anyways, my husband and I were traveling w/ our kids and the 'rents so we played it safe rather than go to Hooters, lol. I whipped out my ever-ready i-phone and brought up my trusty Yelp app and went to work. We were looking for breakfast near our hotel and I saw this place pop up. I sat on my hotel bed wondering where I had heard this restaurants name before...and then it hit me...Man vs. Food!!! So I just had to try it.We arrived, and I do have to say the location was rather difficult to navigate. It is in the Imperial Palace on the strip. You have to go to the parking garage (if your driving) and then take a set of elevators to get to the main level then you have to walk a little ways and get on yet another elevator to get inside the main area to access the restaurant. The you have to take the escalator or elevator(again) to get to the floor where the restaurant is located...sheesh, we built up an appetite just doing all that walking.But boy was it worth it!!! Even as busy as they were for a Saturday at brunch (who knew people were awake that early in Vegas, lol) we were seated w/in a few short minutes. Our waiter came by and was super friendly. He asked if we had ever ate there before and when we said no he decided to give us a rundown of the menu w/out boring us and w/out us forgetting the menu items he suggested.We placed our order and I'd say w/in about 15-20min it was brought out to us. I was in total shock when I saw how HUGE HUGE HUGE the portions were. I couldnt believe it and wanted to double check the menu price cause there was no way we were getting all that food for so cheap, even in Vegas. I ordered the Sage Fried Chicken w/ a maple reduction, mashed potato's, tomato slices and a biscuit. The food was soooooo yummy, especially the maple reduction on the fried chicken...who woulda thunk it. My daughter ordered the choc. chip pancake and it was heavenly. I shared a little off of everyone's plate and was not disappointed. I asked for jelly for my biscuit and they brought out a little pot filled w/ muddled strawberry jam, the BEST!!!Everything about this restaurant is top notch...from the food, the waiters, seating and atmosphere. We will DEF be returning here next time in Vegas. I cant wait to try other items on the menu!!!
5	Wow! HUGE portions! I felt bad not being able to eat it all, it was sooo good!  I had the French Toast and I was in heaven. My friend had a burger which was out of this world. Their alcoholic drinks are yummy too!
4	IF you have to read anything in this review, you must heed my advice: order, gamble, steal, and/or whore yourself out to try the brown sugar pancake/flapjack.  Gather the crumbs off of another table's leftover pancake if you have to.  Nike.  I mean, just do it.I would have given this review a 5 (the pancake gets a 5) but I did find some draw backs.  The roasted chicken hash deserves a 2 as the seasoning was salty and the chicken was dry.  The few benedicts that I have tried are at least a 3 star rating, but their portions in general deserve a 5.  Come hungry.
4	Great food, large portions, will def go to the Chicago Location soon! can't wait to try the chicken and waffles and the stuffed cheese burgers they looked delish at other tables. Service was great and very personable too!
5	I saw this place on man vs food and so I had to try it and I did! ... and I LOVE the food here!! It is soooo yummy!! The sizes are also HUGE!! I had the same dish that Adam Richman ate on Man vs food. The fried chicken was cooked well, crispy and juicy. The potatoes were good and everything just blended together so well. I was only able to eat half the plate!! The prices are also very reasonable and with the plates being so big, you can always split it too. I also ordered the smores coffee and even that was in a giant cup! The melted marshmallows on top were a bit sweet, but when you mix it with the coffee, it's good. The guy even made it extra strong for me as I requested. The servers were nice and the lines do get long. However, if there are open seats at the bar and you have a smaller party, the bar area works with minimal wait. I can't wait to eat here again!
3	Don't tell my husband I didn't give it five stars!!!!HH was good. Well, it was ok. I had to act more in love with it than I really was because the husband was so hyped. When you're married to me you only have so much in life, so I let him have his moment. I had the pork tenderloin sandwich and he ordered the 1 lb burger stuffed with mashed potatoes and bacon. I heard the food portions were huge and I considered having us split an entree, but being on vacation we opted for being typical Americans instead. The food came out and it WAS huge. Stupidly huge. The pork tenderloin was the diameter of a dinner plate but the bun that it was set upon was normal size. Using the bun like a cookie cutter, I trimmed the excess pork so I could pick it up. The pork was awesome--just really big. Husbands burger was ok. It really didn't have any flavor and I was really turned off by the mashed potatoes in it. He loves mashed potatoes, so maybe that's why he thought it was so amazing. Eh. Mac n' cheese was good. Service started out great with an attentive waiter but by the end of the meal he had disappeared. I flagged someone down just as he reappeared and at that point his attitude had shifted. Odd. Would I eat here again? Only if I were to take someone who had never been here before. Other than that, it's just mediocre food.
4	Food here tastes awesome!!!! I did go a little over a year ago. But will be going to Vegas in a couple of weeks and definitely going to go here again!
4	Very good food. I mean I've never seen such LARGE Portions but the food was great. One bite of my boyfriends rosemary chicken and eggs Benedict and I was like wow this is very yummy!
2	Let me preface this by saying I love Hash House... the one in San Diego. The one in Las Vegas has left me sooo disappointed. I was expecting a wait, so the wait did not upset me. What upset me was the food. Yes, the portions are still monstrous. But the food is not fresh. Part of the appeal with the Hash House for me and my beau is the freshness of the food. In Vegas we sat down, ordered, and I kid you not, 5 minutes later we had our food. Ick... The bread tasted stale, the potatoes were luke warm, the chicken had seen better days... I could go on. We ate our food and went along our merry way. For what it is it's "OK," for the quality I've experienced from their SD location, this place was a huge disappointment.
4	This is good. You should come here when in Vegas. Sat at the bar/ counter. This place is a souped up version of the long standing diners that feed the working, drunk and unruly of Las Vegas. The biscuit was huge, the portion of the goat cheese, mushroom, and sun dried tomato scrambler I had was generous. The counter guy seemed swamped and a bit peeved when the wait staff asked him to do extra things or when I requested a copy of my receipt. Get him some help back there.
3	Food was awesome but did have 1 issue. My 3 1/2 year old ordered a quesadilla with chicken (they have a quesadilla on the menu, but we wanted to add chicken) the server brought it out, with the chicken on the side...she said the cooks wouldn't put the chicken in the quesadilla because "it's against company policy to change a recipe" Our entire table was shocked. The server was apologetic, but I was shocked that something so simple couldn't be done.  So as I cut up the chicken to put in the quesadilla, I opened it to find the cheese wasn't even melted.  That was actually the only issue with food I had.
3	I had a great time here , I will explain later on , when i am certain of all the details ....
5	There are not enough words in the English language to explain how very much I loved this place.  So incredible.  The food, besides being very homey, comforting and delicious, was PURE ARTWORK on a plate.  Would go back in a NY second.  Wish we had a location out here in the Tampa Bay area.  Oh and the Bloody Marys are to die for and I am not usually a big Bloody Mary fan!
3	Located on the second floor inside the Imperial Palace casino on the Strip.We came for an quick bite after catching the Human Nature show.  Our server asked us if it was our first time eating at Hash House.  We said yes.  He warned us that portion size was huge.Knowing that, we opted for the "Just Grazing" section of the menu as it was around 9:30pm.Hubby got the BBQ pork ribs and I had the fried green tomato stack.  I wished I had taken a picture of my order.  Four slices of cornmeal crusted green tomatoes with goat cheese and chicken breast meat stuffed in the barrel.  And stacked on top of a huge watermelon wedge.  It was very good.  I enjoyed the combo of tomatoes with the chicken breast meat.Hubby's pork ribs were tangy, tender, and sweet and the meat fell off the bone. Sat on top of some red potatoes.  Good combo too.Beverages included homemade lemonade and the kiwi strawberry watermelon which was way too sweet.
5	The place is amazingly good. My husband and I visited Las Vegas and stayed at the Imperial Palace. We ate here at least 3 times. Great Food, Big Portions.
5	OMG, loved it.we stayed at the Imperial Palace (not our first choice) but easy location to get around from. I had heard a few things about this place and even though were from the South, i had to try this place that claimed to have great chicken and waffles. First off, the styling of the dishes were awesome! these towering piles of delicious baked, fried and smothered goodness were art pieces. deciding how to take your first bite is tricky. I had the chicken Benedict and Joey had the chicken and waffles. He loved his and offered a bite, but i couldn't even try his as being in love with my own dish. To say the portions are huge is an understatement, half of it was leftovers (which stinks if you're in a room without a fridge and microwave) This was my favorite place to eat during my last visit to Vegas and instead of waiting until the last day, i'm going first to Hash Hash a go go.
3	Good food, but easily enough to split.  Loved the basil and cheese eggs, good potatoes.  The portions are gigantic (and for your heart's sake, I would advise splitting a meal), so come hungry.
4	This place is worth the wait!  I came here recently with my boyfriend.  We had the Pork Tenderloin Benedict and the Chorizo & Jalepeno Hash with a Bloody Mary and the Banana Latte (see my pics).  The Pork Tenderloin was pounded so thin and fried crispy, I could not stop eating it.  The chorizo and jalepeno hash was also good but I could not stay away from the pork tenderloin.  The banana latte was fantastic!!!  The bloody mary is a huge drink and could use a bit more tomato juice.
5	Travis the server made our breakfast even better. The breakfast alone speaks for itself , but when you have someone who knows everything about the menu and goes into great detail,  it makes it even harder to decide on what to have. That's a good thing. Thanks again for you great service.
4	Pros - French toast, eggs, and bacon.Con: Waiting 35 min for French toast, eggs, and bacon.
4	Fried Chicken and Waffles....can it get any better? So I've been to Roscoe's Chicken and Waffles in SoCal, which I would say is better, but I did like the sweet taste of their chicken. I think they cook it with some of the syrup from the waffles already poured on the chicken. I didn't like the soy sauce syrup, more of a traditional syrup guy myself, but this place sure did do the trick for the fried chicken craving.
2	Inside the Imperial Palace. Not what everyone makes it out to be, seriously. Alright, where to begin. Essentially it can be summarized quite efficiently as this:They bring you a lot of food, enough for a regular diner to be challenged to finish during lunch/dinner/whatever-you-are-there-for, but it is ALL mediocre and it has a garnish stabbed through it with a toothpick as if that makes it gourmet or remotely non-mediocre. I had the chicken and waffles. The waffles had the bacon bits embedded in them. Mediocre waffles, even more so mediocre chicken, mediocre/uninspired and really unimpressive unless you are easily impressed with large portions (maybe they are 'normal' portions for some of the people rating this eatery so highly) that are just barely decent. Cannot recall what the girlfriend had but she did not come close to finishing it all. I never wanted to see these miserable chicken or waffles again so I forced myself to eat all of it (minus the garnish). In conclusion, it sucked. Sucks. Go elsewhere for GOOD FOOD. Or maybe other Hash House A Go Gos are better; I never tried any others after this experience. Look for other reviews on the others because I will try them just because I am  masochistic.
1	poor service brought down the rating and overshadowed the foodour server came and gave us our menu and asked what beverages we would like. that was where the decent service ended. there was a question at our table about if there was a smaller portion of the hash and he said no with an attitude. when asked where were the lemons for the water he said i'll get it later in a very PISSED OFF TONE which i thought was just from it being busy but all the things that happen after that was just too much. if the lemon was part of the beverages shouldn't it come out at the same time as the beverages. it's not like i'm going to acid the eggs. when the lemons came out there was a FINGERNAIL STUCK TO THE RIM of the cup, so we asked another staff to give us new lemons. that was gross!!!!!! even he said it was disgusting.i didn't see a split charge stated on the menu. when we said we will share, our server told us that there will be a $2.50 split charge fee per person with a bit of an attitude. when we asked for napkins he TOSSED it onto the table like a FRISBEE. the potato was good. crispy and not too oily. it was served in an iron skillet along with scrambled eggs, biscuit, and some fruits. the eggs lacked salt, but i think they purposely do that so customers can add their own salt. the orange juice is not freshly squeezed. it's from a container, but we didn't see the brand. after the bill was taken care of we had a talk with the manager and it was awkward when he was taking our plates while the manager was still there. to be fair the others who brought us our plates were nice, but our assigned server was the primary issue. food - 3 starsservice from assigned server - negative 10 stars on a -10 to 10 scaleservice from others were ok so 3 stars
3	Suck service. Good food. Look like people that work there just there for pay check. Food was really good
5	Great food!
5	Out of the three breakfast places we at at while in Vegas, Hash House was my favorite. Be warned, though: This is a very popular place. We went there on a Friday morning with a group of about 10 people, and we had to wait a good 30 minutes to get a table. Understandable since we did have a big group and the food here is so good.I ordered a Scrambler with smoked salmon, basil pesto, tomato and melted brie cheese, and it was amazing! Loved it! It's not something I would have ordered normally, but for whatever reason I'd been on this salmon kick. Besides, I was on vacation, and I wanted to try something new. The risk totally paid off! It was delicious!Since we were with such a big group, the service was a little slow and it took a while for our food to come out, but it was well worth the wait. Definitely check it out if you're staying near the Imperial Palace.
3	Food was nowhere near as good as it was when we visited last year. Had the  chicken and waffles, both pieces of chick had the leg none still attached when we were here a year ago it was all boneless chicken. Also the chicken was dry and the breading flavorless.
3	I'd give it the exact 3.5 stars it has currently for almost no good reason: the waiter service is attentive and satisfactory---the food portions are gargantuan and generous---the interior is comfortable enough and has fun decoration.The only issue is that picking a restaurant in Vegas gets you stuck in a vicinity for a long time unless you cab it. At Hash House, you're stuck at the Imperial Palace.Food was good but not memorable.
4	I have been to all the HHGGs in town, and finally got to try the IP location when my folks were in town for the weekend.We went on a Saturday around noon, so I definitely knew there would be a wait. They quoted us 45 minutes, but it ended up being only about 25, which isn't bad. If you're at any decent breakfast place on the strip on a weekend, you'll have to wait. I typically enjoy going to the older properties to check them out and get a bargain drink, but with all the construction going on right now, the IP is hell to get in and out, plus the smokiness level is pretty high down in the casino. Luckily, HHGG has its own mezzanine-kind of level, which is all smoke-free.Since I'm with child over here, I didn't order a drink, but I did sample the Orange Crush (kinda like a mimosa with vodka and a salt rim) and the bloody mary (super spicy and very strong) - I thought they were both great! The bloody mary, especially, reminded me of something I'm definitely looking forward to after the baby is born in May!On to the food. I almost always get something with fried chicken at HHGG, so this time I went for the fried chicken benedict. The chicken was excellent, as always - delicious sage breading, not too heavy, and no bones! They came on top of spinach, tomatoes, scrambled eggs, cheese, and a biscuit, with a kind of creamy chili sauce all over. Oh, and underneath, was a huge block of mashed potatoes, probably the equivalent of 2 large potatoes! My one complaint about the dish was that the biscuits were kinda dry and bland. The others in my party got the vanilla waffle, blue cheese burger, and rueben sandwich (which is called the pub crawl). I seriously loved the waffle and the pub crawl. The corned beef and sauerkraut were so delicious and flavorful, they totally complimented the rye bread, and I usually hate rye bread. I thought the burger was good, but nothing too exciting.Yes, there is too much food! We were all super hungry (and the waffle was only like a half meal, since it comes by itself), and together we ate about 3/4 of everything. No problem - I love leftovers!Prices run from $8 for the waffle to $16 for the eggs benedict, which is all totally reasonable. The drinks are a little high at $14/ea for the specialty drinks, but that's definitely in line with typical strip prices.Only drawback was the service. While friendly, our server seemed super rushed, and the kitchen took a while to get our food out.
2	My second visit to the IP location.  On my first visit (May, 2012), I had no idea what to expect, with the word 'Hash' in the name one is led to believe hash browns would be involved, when in fact, nothing comes with hash browns.  My friends ordered one of the large fried chicken 'breakfasts', I wasnt in the mood for a giant meal, so I ordered 'Andys Famous Bread Pudding', which comes with coffee @ $8.95, it was more than I could finish, and ok, I'd call this the 'value play' on the menu here, everything else is gonna wring your wallet.2nd trip, we again visited the IP location on a Monday morning; driving into the IP location at this particular time (10/22/12) is INSANE with the construction going on, and their parking garage is deplorable.  The wait was crazy long, luckily the beepers they give you work immediately downstairs where we could play video poker at the bar and drink 'free' coffees.When we got back upstairs to the waiting area, they called out our name instead of using the beepers (?).The decor here is farmer-full-metal-jacket, with plate metal on the walls.  I think this creates sort of a Faraday cage where no cell signal attempting to transmit Yelp Checkins or Photos is possible! :) Both times here checkins/photos failed to go thru.Waiter was fairly attentive, after we ordered he then warned us the kitchen was very slow and orders were running 30-40 mins.  Oh goody.  I ordered the 'steak hash' and a V8.  Wife got bacon/eggs and coffee.Steak hash, with sun dried tomatoes and topped with green beans and potatoes, along with two eggs on the side, came served in a faux iron skillet (meaning, it wasnt used to cook in).  Sometimes I think chefs add sexy ingredients that are going to sound good, without really thinking thru the flavor.  It was really quite dreary tasting and unappetizing, and the steak was overcooked slices of beef.After tip we were out $40 for breakfast that I really didnt enjoy much.  So the two-star here is mainly due to the value, my opinion is overpriced 'just ok' food.Oh, I did notice there appears to be wi-Fi here, but it needs a password, you might ask your server about it - I wont be back here.
2	The portions are huge, but I wouldn't you rather have a normal portion of delicious food than a gargantuan portion of acceptable food? I know I would.The salads are cheap, with that gross kind of nearly white lettuce and pale cherry tomatoes. The hashes are far better at the HH in San Diego.I don't think smoking is allowed in the restaurant, but it smells like smoke and my eyes started to sting while I was there. All in all, a pretty disappointing experience.
4	I ate here a couple months ago and liked it enough to come back to write their reviewThe service: Great personality to the waiter who was as friendly as they come and food came piping hot - not waiting on a counter somewhere.This place has an excellent pancake - made giant just the way I like it.Portions for everything else as everyone here mentions are huge and somehow thats exciting for me =)Their rosemary chicken on waffles has great and has good flavor - chicken could have been in the brine just a bit longer to lock in more juices but still overall a good piece of fried chicken.Came back with some friends for a second time too - we all had a great time.
2	More like hash house a no no ...I was EXCITED to try this place and I've seen pictures about the HUGE portions. Came with a group of 8. I get this place is always packed but their seatings were ALL over the place and they somehow messed up. After we were seated, our waitress came over, took our order and .......... no food .......... no food ........ no food. Our friends were seated about 5 minutes after us, yet their food arrived before ours did! Frustrated, we asked our waitress. She said our ticket was 2 away and it would take a couple minutes. 15 minutes later, she said it would take another couple minutes. Our food finally came and it was just okay. I tried my friends waffle and it was chewy and soggy! Gross. My sage chicken or what not was just okay. What a let down.
5	Great first meal here, but I'm going back. This is my new favorite restaurant in Vegas.   The service and food were both excellent.  Prices were very reasonable.  Portions were huge.   The fried chicken and waffles was fantastic. They serve pbr in brown paper bags, a nice touch. I loved this place. This is how a restaurant is supposed to be run.  Jason was the best waiter in recent memory. Management, give this worker kudos, he's doing you right.   Everyone in here was in a great mood, this is feel good comfort food at its best!
4	WOW!!!! A friend recommended this place and I was a bit sceptical but I am REALLY happy my wife and I came here. The food was amazing and the portions were huge. I had the Fried Chicken and it was delicious! I need more time to work through this menu.
4	The BLT Bloody Mary was pretty much the best thing that has happened to my mornings, in a VERY long time.  Was in Vegas the past few nights and absolutely loved Hash House A Go Go.  We could not get over how massive the portions were and how tasty the food was.  So much so in fact, that we visited two mornings in a row!  The first morning I had their take on an eggs benedict that featured griddled mashed potatoes, a red pepper cream sauce with spinach, tomatoes and bacon.  TO DIE FOR.  Impossible to finish.  My boyfriend had the chorizo hash which was also delish, but my benny took the gold medal on that meal. The next morning we re-visited and I had waffles with bacon, eggs and crispy potatoes.  The meal was pretty standard, but the waffles put this meal at 4 stars. This morning, my boyfriend tried the house favourite Fried Chicken Benedict.  UN-BE-LIEV-ABLE. The chipotle cream sauce absolutely makes this dish, coupled with their famous Sage Fried Chicken.  Wow. I am a huge fan of this place, and fully intend on returning upon my next Vegas vacation. Even better than huge portions?  The extremely reasonable prices that go along with them.
4	Not quite as Good as the one in SD but still Pretty Pretty Pretty Good!Def worth stopping by!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
3	You know when all your friends and their friends' friends have been to a cool joint and you're the only one that's never been? Well such as the case with Hash House A Go Go. My ears were burning for days when my friends were mouthing off about this place....the ginormous portions, the food coma afterwards and how their leftovers would last them for days back home....blah blah blah. Then they said Adam Richman from Man V Food went there. Say no more. We are going to Hash House A Go Go.My friends warned me that service was non-existent at this place. Well luck was on our side because our waiter was pretty attentive during our entire stay. The menu was extensive and their breakfast menu in particular was impressive. I never made it past the House Hashes. I was really tempted to try the Sage Fried Chicken (cause it was Adam's favorite). My friend ordered it and honestly it didn't look as appetizing.....as my Corned Beef House Hash (came with crispy potatoes). The verdict for the corned beef order after the initial taste test was just okay. I personally like my corned beef minced (not hand shredded). Then I had a bite of my other friend's Chorizo House Hash. Let me tell you that is the winner. I would probably order that again my next visit. The portions were big but the waiter did warn us all the House Hashes were "normal" size. The biggest portion I saw was the Sage Fried Chicken. Even that dish I expected to be even more behemouth in size based on what my friends were raving about. Sometimes it's better not to hear the hype and you can make your own conclusions. *I was really angry that they don't have any restrooms in the restaurant. I had to run downstairs back into the casino.
5	Saw them on Food Network and was determined to go while on vacation in Las Vegas.  Was fantastic!! Our vacationing group enjoyed it so much we went 2 times in the 4 days that we were in Vegas.  I personally had the banana cream dipped french toast; and I really, really enjoyed it.  BTW, every cab driver knows that when you say Imperial Palace that you're going to Hash House A Go Go!!! :)
5	FREE HONEY BUTTER BISCUITS.  That's all you need to remember when coming here.  This with the Hardwood smoked bacon, avocado & cheddar burger = food orgasm.. and almost real one too.  Kidding, but seriously the biscuits were ridic!  I went to the San Diego location once but I don't remember it being this good.  The portions are ginormous, the buns on my burger almost tasted like donuts, and the staff was super nice.  I don't really need to say anymore about this place because I need you to try it if you haven't done so before.  Screw coming here only while drunk or during a hangover, I come here to pre-party!  My friends and I discovered this Vegas location by accident, and man I'm glad we did because we were super hungry and ready for some quality food.  It was big, good, and I wanted more after we were finished.That's what she said...about her experience...with this restaurant.
4	Enjoyed nearly everything about this place! The staff is friendly, the food is good and the prices of the food are fantastic in relation to the amount they serve. I shared a blueberry pecan pancake that was so big 2 of us couldn't finish it. And it was only 7.95$! I had a hot chocolate and it was very weak in flavor. My friend had a fancier hot chocolate-type drink that was 8$. My hot chocolate was 5 bux...there drinks are much too expensive. Anyways, the ambience is fun, modern and clean. I would definitely come back here multiple times!Just keep in mind the size of the portions and share...this is one fun place you can definitely get a good deal at on the Strip. Might as well use that to your advantage!
3	We ordered the Boston Hash specifically because there was no meat. When it arrived at our table, they had accidentally given us the Corn Beef Hash or whatever it was called. After we complained, they were really nice about it and quickly brought us the Boston Hash. They let me eat the other hash plate, but only charged for 1 plate.The food was good, although it was way too oily! It's also a lot more expensive than I remember.
4	Big yummy breakfast food. AKA comfort food overload deluxe.My x-brother-in-law told me about The Hash House A Go Go several years ago while we were fishing in Mexico. He said "dude you are gonna love this place, we're going when we hit the docks tomorow, the breakfast there is off the hook."  But it wasn't in the cards as we got thick in the fish and opted for some fresh bluefin sashimi instead.So fast forward several years, that Hash House place is still ingrained in the back of my mind and what do ya know, while taking a breather from the Venetian's casino I go for a walkabout and stumble on a sign that tells me there is a HHAGG in the Imperial Palace Hotel. So I go thru this construction maze of an entry to the IPH and into the hottest (like 90 degrees) casino on the planet. I go pass the performing blues brothers  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/9wjTzw8bEYOTQJk41V8WQw?select=TZSIV-_ypvbTuH7mh_f8cg#TZSIV-_ypvbTuH7mh_f8cg blackjack dealers and up an escalater to find that they are closed! Damn, so I make plans for the next days breakfast.Wake up at zero dark thirty (6:30) so I can have B-fast before going to the Fabtech trade show. I get there NO LINE! Yes the casino gods are favoring me today. I asked to be seated at the bar for quicker service. This was the first time I ever ordered a glass of milk at a bar, it felt wierd. I then ordered up a Andy's Sage Fried Chicken.  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=W3BT2l3t-ifYfCtQ_Q2vbQ&userid=EMMzx-gGDKsU4enmbae6dwFOOD: Andys Sage Fried Chicken ... This was a giant breakfast, the chicken and eggs atop a couple of biskets piled onto a heap of country style mashed potatoes loaded with bacon bits all covered up with a benedictish gravy with diced bell peppers. This was some good stuff a solid 4 **** Star for me. But less bisket and more of that yummy gravy and it would have been 5 Stars.  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=VDLsrE-gNdkh8N82jlEo5A&userid=EMMzx-gGDKsU4enmbae6dwSERVICE: From the hostess taking my picture http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=Eo1U2kj6OyU_a_Kr9pC-6A&userid=EMMzx-gGDKsU4enmbae6dw and quickly seating me, to the bar (milk) tender who was way cool and friendly, the service was great, fast and polite. 5*****StarsI'll be back.
5	OMG can you say food overload? Yes thats what you get here.We all came here after playing the daily slot tournament and waiting for the results of the winners (one of us did win the $500!) we found this place in the Imperial Palace and decided to take a break and get some food.  Well thats an understatement! The portions are HUGE and everything was s fresh and yummy.  Its a comfort food joint for sure.  Our lunch consisted of 3 different burgers and one Quesadilla.  The burgers are "stuffed" you choose the items you want inside and they pout between the two patties.  One of us had the bacon and mashed potato stuffed burger, one was mushrooms and swiss, and the other bacon, cheddar and avocado.  Only one of us was able to finish the whole burger the other two of us saved 1/2 for dinner.  The Quesadilla was huge and over flowing and resting on a bed of mashed potatoes which I was told were amazing.  The side of Macaroni and Cheese was said to be the best Mac and Cheese every tasted by 3 in the party so creamy and cheesy it was the ultimate comfort food to drown our gambling losses! LOL  I recommend this gem which is on the second floor inside Imperial Palace and a reasonable priced place considering the quantity and quality of food you receive. Especially compared to the rest of the places on the strip that leave you broke AND disappointed. Only this that would make this place perfect is to get some cell service inside....No AT&T service at all in the restaurant, so if you have others who are gambling or trying to find you, your off the grid in here.....which could be a good thing, you can concentrate on the food-gazm your gonna have!
5	This place was the best!!  Came here for lunch on Saturday.  Wait was about 45 minutes.  But it was so worth it.  The waiter warned us that the portions are huge and that we can share the entree.  We should have listened to him.  Each of us ordered our own entree.  I ordered the pork tenderloin sandwich.  the meat looked like it could have been for 3 sandwiches.  My friend ordered the chicken and waffles and my other friend ordered a scramble.  Omg!!  They were so good.  Prices are reasonable.  My entree was about $15.  Great price for the portion.    Will for sure come back!
5	Arrived around 9 a.m. on Friday morning (day after Thanksgiving)---no wait, sat us down right away.  I noticed that some people complained about the wait time & service--this might depend on what time you show up.We ordered the Andy's Sage Fried Chicken Hash House Farm Benedict (favorite of man vs. food).  This was about $15 something.  Since I heard the portions were huge, my husband & I decided to share this plate.  Both of us left stuffed. (FYI: my mom said she went here a while back & they didn't let her get an extra plate to share food, but we had no problem).  It's hard to describe the flavor of this delicious bad boy, because it was so good!  The blend of flavors was just awesome.  It has: chipotle cream with peppers, scrambled eggs, griddled mozzarella, fried chicken, bacon, market tomato, spinach, biscuit on top of griddled potatoes.  I would go back again & order the same dish---never tasted anything so good!We also ordered a pancake from the "children's menu." for my 2 year old.  That thing was HUGE....of course, she only ate like 4-5 bites and that was it.  I think about 3-4 kids could share this.  It was around $3 and pretty tasty---syrup was warm and really good.The waiter brought out our bill kind of early: "I know how it is with a child, so I'm just leaving this here for when ever you're ready."  We didn't mind, because our daughter was getting fussy, but I can see how others might take this the wrong way.*The large orange juice was $6, which I thought was expensive.I'll definitely come here again, but only if I share a plate.  There were many people taking left overs home and I did see everyone ordering their own plate (not sure if this is a rule, if people just eat a lot, or people want left overs to take home).  I'll share a plate next time or will make sure my hotel has a fridge/microwave.
5	I had been to the HHAGG on Sahara earlier in the year and loved it, so I decided to try out the HHAGG in the Imperial Palace casino. The wait was a little longer to sit down, but the food and service were just as good. I ordered the chorizo hash and my old man ordered the fried chicken benedict. Both were excellent and well worth the price. HHAGG will be a regular stop during my visits to Vegas.
4	Awesome food at reasonable prices! They serve giganormous portions, so if you don't eat a whole lot, think about sharing! Our wait to be seated was expected to be about 20 minutes, it turned out to be a ten minute wait, so I was impressed. We came in on a Monday (Mon. before Thanksgiving day) and it was surprisingly busy! The ONLY reason why I am giving this review four stars is for the sole reason that our food took a while to come out after placing the order, AND was it loud at that place, pretty incredible. But what can they do? Tell everyone to shut up? You just have to suffer through it! No biggy though.
1	This place is very hit or miss. If you come when it's not crowded, you can get good food and good service. If the place is slightly busy, or you are very early or late, they are very unfriendly and act like they are doing you a favor to serve you food. I showed up late a couple times and wished they had just told me I was too late to eat. The food is pretty bland and nothing that you couldn't make at home. A pancake with a snickers bar laid in the middle sounds awesome, but they do nothing else special with it. The chicken is best but make sure you get it fresh and hot or else it's a bit soggy and sad. Also, they tend to be very conservative to the point of mocking people on welfare.... So if morals guide you, let them guide you away from this place...
3	The worst part of this restaurant is that it's located inside Imperial Palace...which imho is a complete dump.The food quality is actually quite good and the price + portion size is excellent also.They serve a lot of breakfast type dishes and is an excellent place to eat at after consuming copious amounts of alcohol.
3	This ia 3.5 rating review.The wait was ridiculous...but luckily they have a bloody mary bar for $9. That helped but the alcohol soaked in quick as I was super hungry.My friends and I ordered 3 dishes.1. The popular fried chicken and waffles - this was very big and I liked the waffles, but  other than that I did not really find it to be awesome. The sage in the chicken is interesting and I guess that makes it special. The chicken was soft and not dry.2. Fried chicken benedict - this one was okay. Lots of cheese and I'm sad the egg was not poached, it was scrambled. Definitely did not stand out to me though.3. The salmon scramble with pesto, brie, and some other items. This one was good, I liked the scramble, though I was so full from trying all the other dishes I could barely finish this. The biscuit is very good too, like an oversized KFC biscuit. The potatoes it came with were okay.Overall, this place was good for a one time thing, I wouldn't really go back just b/c the wait is long, and the space is annoying b/c people are walking EVERYWHERE. The food wasn't awesome, but if you like big portions for a decent price this is the spot for you!
4	Huge portions of really good food. No brainer! Good service by the staff. Not sure why, but I like the one in San Diego better. But I still dig it here. Breakfast is king!
5	Food is GREAT and definitely worth the wait!  Just not sure why they put this restaurant in the nasty Imperial Palace!  But it is great...don't miss it!
3	Good breakfast food in huge portions at reasonable (for Vegas) prices.Had the bacon waffle with a side of eggs.  This is a huge waffle with strips of bacon laid on the diagonals of the waffle.  When you get a bite of bacon, great, when not it's plain waffle.  Not much different than a waffle with a side of bacon.For a drink, try the Makers Mark and lemonade - it's the bomb.Waits for this place can run upwards of an hour.  There's a bar that's firct come first served, if your party is just one or two people.
3	I dined here on a Saturday night. I had the chicken and waffles. The chicken was spiced nicely, but was dry and over cooked. The waffles, however, were delicious with bacon cooked inside them. The waiter made a slight error with my Mom's order, but made up for it with a complimentary side of biscuits. We sampled the salmon and meatloaf along with my chicken and waffles.This is definitely a fun food place with huge portions presented interestingly, but I thought the taste of everything overall was just average besides the waffles.Be warned as the restaurant's noise level is very LOUD.
3	How could I not stop by where Man vs Food had been???The portions here are so huge, it's no surprise that Adam Richman stopped by.  My bf and I shared the sage fried chicken and bacon waffles and we were both stuffed at the end of our meal.  It comes with 2 chicken breasts and 4 waffles so it's easily shared among two people.  The waffles are fluffy and having the idea to put bacon strips in the middle was a stroke of genius.  The chicken on the other hand was a tad on the bland and dry side.  But the meal overall was pretty satisfying.As you step inside you'll feel like you've been transported to the South.  I decor is very charming and pretty fancy compared to other parts of Imperial Palace.  The staff is friendly and quick with your order. So Go Go to Hash House A Go Go!
5	I've been to both the Vegas and San Diego locations and while they're both wicked, I think the Vegas one is slightly  better. In either city you really can't go wrong with Hash House. Food is fresh and flavorful - portions are HUGE! Always a great meal although now I want to waddle right back to bed.
4	This place was great. We caught a cab off the strip to check it out, had heard great things. It certainly lived up to the hype.  The food was awesome, sort of old school country fare on steroids. Huge portions. I don't think it really clicks, even reading all these reviews, how massive these portions are until you start digging in!
5	The portion sizes and the food was amazing!!!!  I love this place.
4	Great food- super-size portions.  Drinks are fabulous.  The only downside to this place is that the Imperial Palace is so cruddy.  GO, EAT, ENJOY.
1	As a second time returning customer,  I couldn't have been more disappointed. The ticket times for both food and beverage were ridiculous. The server was in the weeds, due to the hostesses over-seating his section. The bussers wandered around aimlessly, while the m.o.d was careless and non-existent. My ticket, table for 2, entrees were delivered 20 minutes apart. The operation of this establishment is sloppy and embarrassing.
1	This restaurant is on the 2nd floor of the Imperial Palace - the idea is interesting - real big plates with real big food items - too much for someone normal to eat so lots of waste - I do not like it and had to send both orders back.  I ordered the pancake - you get one pancake for $7.00 but it is bigger than the plate - I am a pancake person and have ordered and reviewed pancakes for years still looking for the perfect one - this is not it.  It is rubbery, and tastes like nothing unless you smothered in it syrup and butter.  So sent it back and ordered the Basic which is 2 eggs any style, biscuit, potatoes and fruit also for $7.00... Ordered 2 eggs over medium with Biscuit...what came out was 2 eggs over very runny hardly even cooked and a biscuit which had no taste and was worse than the pancake.. The orange slices were good.  The service was terrible as well so not a fan....This is the first time ever I had to send both orders back - will not return - they all seemed shocked I did not like there terrible food.
4	To repeat what others said below, the portions are HUGE. Two people could easily split just one order. I had the Eggs Benedict with the fried chicken, that was shown on Man vs. Food. It was amazing. First of all, it was huge. It had a large piece of delicious fried chicken on top of eggs, biscuits and mashed potatoes. It was all topped off with a gravy that had some zip to it. The biscuits were obviously home-made and absolutely light and fluffy. The gravy was a perfect compliment instead of traditional hollandaise.My companion had the egg skillet with Chorizo sausage and got a tortilla in lieu of a biscuit. Right choice. It was a great meal - wrapping up eggs, chorizo and potatoes in a home-made tortilla. Again, very delicious.My companion also had a BLT bloody mary....which is a bloody mary with bacon, tomato, lettuce and a slice of toast coming out of it. It was tasty, but probably not worth the price. May just want to stick with a traditional bloody mary.Wait was 25 minutes when we arrived around 11am on a Friday. We sat at the bar so we didn't have a wait, but it appeared they turned tables pretty quickly. Staff was very friendly and helpful, making recommendations and suggestions.Menu was extensive and offered a lot of options, with some very interesting and clever combinations of foods. I wanted about 10 different things off the menu.I can't comment on the poor reviews, especially for lunch/dinner items, but I think the breakfast is out of this world.
4	I always love coming here when I visit vegas. The portions are huge so be prepared to eat to your heart's content and still have plenty of leftovers. I ordered the quesadilla for breakfast which was delicious, but couldn't eat more than a quarter of it. The service is always great/friendly. Try to avoid the Sunday brunch hour because it can get extremely crowded.
4	What is the opposite of Tapas?  This place!  I went for the Andy's sage fried chicken w/ fresh spinach, hardwood smoked bacon, market tomato, griddled mozzarella, chipotle cream and scrambled eggs served on a fresh split biscuit with griddled mashed potatoes. I could only eat a 1/4 of it sans the carbs.  It was really interesting that I could taste each of the items and could mix and match.  I thought the chicken was good even though I took most of the batter on it.  You have to try it and go with more people and share.  Trust me people = small village because that entre could feed a small village.  Enjoy it's Las Vegas
1	I'm generally never one to complain, much less even post about a restaurant, but I must say this had to be one of the top 5 worst dining experiences on record.At 11:45am on December 8th, six of us went for breakfast/lunch, and were told there would be an hour wait...  Sure, no problem, we had been there multiple times before and had zero issues with the wait, we actually expected it. At around the 50 minute mark we checked back in just to be on the safe side, and were told it was close.  Needless to say, 45 minutes later (so now over an hour and a half wait) they were sitting multiple groups of 4 that put their names in while we were checking in at the 50 minute mark.  It took me standing at the host/hostess table (which by the way had at least 5 employees standing around it) for them to finally sit us.  Low and behold, the dining room was at most, 50% capacity.  I even asked why they couldn't have made the 5 to 6 groups they let go in front of us wait while they pushed two table together, and I got the deer in the headlights look.Ok, it gets better.  Ordered the famous BLT Bloody's, and they came without the B.  Not a big deal even though it's their claim to fame so to speak, but we were already a bit agitated to be honest...oh well, we blew it off and the server brought a plate of bacon.  Finally our food comes out...well four (4) of the six (6).  The two missing orders, which were the Sage Chicken & Waffles never came...well correction, one order came out, but after the other 4 of us were done with our meals.  The waiter was protesting that sometimes it takes a while to make the chicken & waffles, and when we said we came here multiple times, then he said "well sometimes it comes out first."  Make up your mind man!  So the last order actually never came, even after we addressed all of this with the Manager.  The Manager just looked at us like himself and his staff were doing us a favor by letting us eat there.  Nothing he said even suggested he cared! So the food is great, if it ever comes.  Worst staff ever!  I will never go back and we tell all our friends the same story!
1	Came there to eat some brunch and ordered chicken and waffles and the tractor combo. Both were pretty good, but the restaurant itself was unsanitary. We saw a cock roach on our table and got rid of it as soon as we saw it on the table. We wanted to get our meal compensated, but without any proof, that wasn't possible. So the food was good, but unless they manage to get rid any possible infestations, I will not be going back.
2	I must say the fried chicken was below expectation, it was dry, bland and over-fried.  The waffles were just ok.  The portion was big, too big in my opinion.  I think they should focus on the quality rather than the quantity.
4	HUGE burgers and HUGE portions on everything. Fried Chicken with Bacon Waffles was pretty good. Fried Chicken could have been better (Sugar Factory does it better) but I definitely liked the Bacon Waffles. Burger was pretty tasty but I actually liked their fries better than the burger it self. Nice seasoning on the fries.I asked for a side of BBQ sauce and either the waiter accidentally brought out the teriyaki sauce or their BBQ sauce is watery and soy-saucy.Over all a decent experience at a decent price. 3 star for the food and +1 star for not being fully packed like most other restaurants in Vegas. (no wait time)
5	Early Christmas eve morning, the last place I thought I would be is at the Imperial Palace, now called The Quad, or something like that.  Back in my college days at UNLV, this hotel was the after party, after the after party.  Remodel in progress, it actually looks great now.  Anyways, my lady and her baby girl wanted to eat here, thanks to "Man vs Food."   Needless to say, we were not disappointed.  Portions are huge and the presentations were beautiful.  Our jaws dropped when the plates hit the table!  The food was excellent.  We had the Sage Fried Chix and Bacon Waffles, House Smoked Salmon Benedict and a side of their Biscuits and Gravy.  Doggy bags are a must unless your into total gluttony and that's okay, it's Vegas.  Brandon, our waiter had his game down, as well.  He made our visit that much better!  Very contemporary, cool decor.  I will definitely visit this place again, but maybe the "M" or "The Plaza" locations.
2	Yes the portions are huge...every single review says that.  So let's talk about the other parts of the experience.  ~Service was not the best.  I understand it was crowded, but isn't it frequently crowded?~Food was barely warm even though we were told the reason the food was late coming out of the kitchen was because the food was being cooked to order.  Ummmm, shouldn't all food be cooked to order?~No refills on our drinks without us asking.  We had empty glasses several times and the waitress had to be told we needed refills.  ~For those of you wanting to try their regular Eggs Benedict, be aware that the dish comes SMOTHERED in a red sauce that tastes like tomato sauce.   Rest of the dish really had no flavor.I am not impressed, will not ever return and if you want mediocre food and service after you wait an hour to get in...go.
2	Disgustingly enormous portions. While the food is decent, it is only for the over indulgent. I tried the Man vs Food recommended dish and it is what you'd expect--greasy, cheesy, messy, heart diseasy obnoxious heartburn inducing delicacy.
5	The best meal I ate in Vegas.  I shared the Chicken Benedict.  It was soooooo good. Come hungry.  I will go back next time I go to Vegas.
3	Not sure if we came on an off day, but we were all utterly dissapointed with our first time at Hash House a Go Go. Was really looking forward to trying this place on our last day. I thought our party of 5 would have to wait forever on Sunday at noon, but surprisingly, we were seated in less than 15 minutes. First off, it was like a sauna at the "Quad" and upstairs at Hash House a Go Go. Not a good experience to start off with, and the hostess was a bit rude, saying EVERYONE must be present to be seated. Understood.We were seated in a cozy booth towards the back, and luckily, it wasn't as hot back there. Our waiter took our drink orders, and 2 of us ordered their famous kiwi watermelon lemonade. One ordered a coffee, and he brought a total of 2 waters for 5 of us, even though others wanted water. The fruity lemonade was refreshing and not overly sweet. They serve it with boba straws!My friend and I decided to share the famous fried chicken benedict. As a benny fan, I was really excited to try this Man Vs. Food staple. Another ordered the salmon benedict, a salmon hash, and the fried chicken and waffles.Food came out pretty quickly, and the portions are HUMONGOUS! I was so glad someone agreed to share with me. Overall, the dish was okay, nothing out of this world. The best part was the biscuit.Friend's smoked salmon benedict was actually cooked, some overly cooked and dry. When she mentioned to the waiter that it wasn't smoked salmon as it said, he got really defensive and said it is smoked, but when they cook it as a benedict, it cooks that way. Friends hash had very badly burnt potatoes, and he agreed that the biscuit was the best part.Felt bad for the friend that got the fried chicken and waffles. He said the chicken had no flavor and very dry. The waffles had a strip of bacon in the middle, but I think it would be tastier if they crumbled the bacon and put in the batter.Overall, I would try again, but maybe a different location. I
1	The Hash house on Sahara severed me cold eggs and meat loaf.  The waiter did not deliver the food and was not available to send the food back imediately.  When he did arrive I told him the eggs were cold and meatloaf, which he offered to take back and warm up.
5	Always great food!
5	The food was amazing! I had the salmon, Brie and pesto scramble. My sister had the avocado, bacon scramble. Big portions could be split. I want to go back for the Bloody Mary!!  Service was excellent.
4	If you're in Las Vegas, you must stop by Hash House A Go Go. This place has amazing food. Service is sometimes questionable (hence the 4 stars), but I've never been disappointed with the food. During our New Years trip to Vegas this year, we stopped by once for their amazing late night stuffed burgers and then again a few days later for a family brunch. The portions here are HUGE, duh, but the food is really amazing. Looking for a suggestion??? The chicken and waffles is a must, the stuffed burgers are out of this world, the vanilla, bacon filled waffles are another must and the banana and brown sugar pancakes are the best best pancakes you will EVER have. Promise.Give them a chance because you won't be disappointed. Don't go in with high expectations for the service, they always seem to be under staffed, but the quality of the food makes up for it.
5	First off, DEFINITELY recommend this restaurant!But I'm telling you, you better be hungry. :)My boyfriend and I went here for the first time last month (for my birthday breakfast). I chose it because of all the hype I heard about it. I was not dissapointed one bit! The food is awesome (some of the best I've ever had eating out) and the service was good, too.I was surprised on how huge the portions were! And for the price, such a killer deal. I ordered the biscuits and gravy (which was served over mashed potatoes and topped with scrambled eggs.) And my boyfriend got the corned beef skillet. Both were to-die-for meals. We also noticed how tasty their eggs were, some of the best we've had. I wish I could go back and try their famous fried chicken and waffles I've heard so much about. If you are in Vegas, this place is a MUST! Seriously, you will be so impressed.
3	Food was good,  service not so good.
2	I love the SD location and have been numerous times so was excited to check out the Vegas version. We were anticipating a long wait but it wasn't bad at all.. was told 25 mins but was really more like 10. I was immediately disappointed with the look and feel of the place. It is not as cute or kitschy as one in SD, and actually feel like a giant cafeteria. It occurred to me during my meal that I've been to this space before when it was the Imperial Palace Buffett.. and it still feels/looks like exactly like it. Hence, the cafeteria ambiance. The service was good and food was still good although my friend said his chicken benedict was lacking something from the SD version but he couldn't quite place it. My sausage gravy biscuits were good but I was a little annoyed because they had bell peppers all over the top when the menu didn't say it had them.. also my gravy was only lukewarm which was a bit of turnoff. The food is usually served hot with hot plates at the SD location.  Ugh.. Not sure if I'd come back to this location.. think I'll reserve my HHAGOGO cravings for the SD location. ;-) Note: The IP is being converted to a new hotel, The Quad so you have to walk thru a maze of construction to get to the HHAGOGO. It's a little annoying but not as bad as it seems.
5	We always eat at Hash House A Go Go when we visit San Diego. So of course I was happy with my experience at this one. Gigantic portions. I like their lunch items (especially the BLT) and my husband likes the French toast.
2	They have an interesting menu, we ordered a skillet and a salmon platter for breakfast. On the plus side the mashed potatoes were pretty good.   The biscuits were large and pretty good as well - a tad dry though.  We really liked the home made jam!  They did not offer any butter or anything else for the biscuits, we could have asked but did not.I asked for my eggs over medium... they came out cold and runny and I could not eat them.  The salmon was cold... was it supposed to be?  The skillet came with a lump of cheese on one side, the rest had little to none so they did not do a good job of "mixing it up". For the amount of money we spent for breakfast (about $25 after taxes) we should have walked out of there very well satisfied.
2	Holy Huge waffles batman!The place is Imperial Palace, which is a really shady and old casino. Good thing they're remodeling it. Hopefully Hash House will be cleaner and newer looking too. As of right now it is like old vegas or reno feel to it. The food is OK. The portions are ridiculous. Got the Waffle and man its bigger than the wheels on my car!!! No way I can finish. too bad the taste wasn't as big. The wait wasn't too bad, but the food took FOREVER to come out! It wasn't even that busy. Oh well, hopefully they can fix this once it remodels too.
5	I was in Vegas last weekend and, in my quest for a unique breakfast, stumbled upon this place. First, let me say that this restaurant proudly represents what Vegas stands for. The food is big..Huge... And ultra...  I mean ULTRA tasty. When I draft a review, I comment on 3 areas: Food, service, and price. The service was decent... Above average, but not over the top. The servers we experienced were attentive and friendly. Some were rather unique looking but hey, that's Vegas. One thing I liked was that everyone we talked to acted as if they were happy and proud to work there. I like that! The atmosphere was very casual and the place was a bustling with activity. I was happy and comfortable.The food....WOW...the food.  OK, it took me quite some time to decide what to order.  Everything on the menu looked good!  So did the plates of food I saw passing by!  I ended up ordering the fried chicken benedict...a Man vs. Food favorite.  It did not disappoint.  In one word: Unbelievable.  This place prides themselves on twisted farm food.  The portions were HUGE and the taste was outstanding!  My girl ordered the brown sugar and banana pancake.  It was the size of a medium pizza!  It tasted so good that you would need to sit down to eat it.  This is simply no joke.  My only regret is that I didn't get to try other things on the menu.  If you are in a party of 4, I would highly recommend ordering 3 totally different breakfasts and then sharing them.  This would allow you to try different things and you would in no way be short on food.  This restaurant definitely did deliver in every sense of the word.  BOOYAH!The price was amazingly reasonable for Vegas.  It was priced similar to IHOP but with all the huge portions and pizazz of a meal you cant get just anywhere.  For the two of us it was 28 dollars with drinks!  We did order too much food though as neither of us could finish.  My taste buds wanted more but my stomach simply couldn't handle another bite!I just love this place.  I am glad we found it and I cant wait to go back the next time I visit Las Vegas.
4	Great food, big portions, big lines also though.
1	Our food arrived at our table 58 minutes after we were seated.The waiter, a tall guy in his mid-to-late twenties with dark hair, was a total jerk. Our table of four waited 20 minutes for our drinks (basic orange juice, coffee, and water) to arrive without so much as a word. By this time, two tables around us had received their drinks and had ordered.Me (as the waiter was setting down our drinks): Thank you. I think we're ready to order now.Waiter (holds his hand up at me): I'm going to need you to give me a minute. He then turns on his heel without another word and walks to a group a couple of tables away (one that's had its drinks for a while) and takes their order. He then returns to our table without a word to take our order. We waited 38 minutes for our food to arrive. The food was fine, nothing special. There was another server, a tall girl with dark hair in a ponytail, that was super friendly to people near us. She had twice as many tables as our guy did and did her work with a smile. My only wish is that we'd been seated in her section.I always tip 20% unless you've really pissed me off, and then I usually cave and leave 15%. Our waiter earned every cent of the 0% we left. I will not return.
4	My friends think this place is overrated, but I still like it. I just can't get over the Sage Chicken and Waffles - the sage adds a really great flavor. Their Bloody Mary's are also quite good.Do make peace with the fact that you will have to wait quite a while to get seated here though.
4	A little on the expensive side but they give you huge portions and the food is delectable! Waiting to go back to Vegas JUST for the food here.
5	This should be a part of your Vegas trip, period. You may have to wait, you may not get your food super fast - but this place is the bomb. My food arrived hot, delicious, satisfying and that is all I could as for.
5	Hash House A Go Go is my favorite restaurant in the world to eat breakfast. I spent 5 days in Las Vegas last week and I ate there twice, even with a rule that I wouldn't eat at the same place more than once. There are way too many great things I can say about this establishment, so I'll stick to my favorites:-- The obscure, one-of-a-kind menu: They don't just do chicken and waffles, they do Sage Fried Chicken and Waffles. They don't just do a hash or a scramble, they put together a work of art with fried chicken, bacon, hash browns, cheese, eggs, lettuce and tomato on a plate with the most delicious gravy sauce you'd ever taste on a big ole plate.-- The service: Every waiter and waitress is trained to LOVE what they do. Either that, or they literally cherish their craft. They are psyched to be your waiter and to get you your food as fast as possible.-- No heat lamps: When food is finished, it's brought out to your table immediately. They don't wait for everyone's food to be prepared and then bring it out and 1 or 2 dishes are cooler. It should be done this way at every restaurant.-- Artwork: Across the restaurant, celebrities has signed menus and given them feedback about how perfect their menu is. And those celebrities are right.This is a restaurant in which the food speaks for itself. Man Vs. Food's Adam Richman recently visited and showed how perfect this institution is. It's almost unbelievable how food can have this much flavor. My girlfriend's pancake was as big as a large pizza and tasted like it was injected with flavor. Just the best.If you're in Vegas, get into Hash House A Go Go immediately and thank me later.
1	I was craving breakfast at 100pm so we decided to go to Has House A Go Go at the M Resort. We were there last year, and now I remember why we haven't been back since, service was bad! Last time we were there, service was sooo slow, this visit wasn't any different. Mind you, the place was not packed considering it was a Saturday but maybe because of the time. My drink didn't come out right away (I had the tri colored lemonade (watermelon something)) but my husband got his immediately. For the main food, he got the famous Andy's Sage Chicken (as featured on Man vs Food) and I just ordered the Tractor Driver Combo. I asked to have my eggs "over medium" as I hate to have runny whites (that's just me). It took FOREVER for the food to come. The waitress never came back to say what the hold up was. So after what seems like an eternity, the food came. His food is good, but mine, well, I had to ask for new eggs. I told the waitress I wanted it "over medium". She gave me a lecture on how over medium means the yolk is still runny, I said I understand but the white part on my eggs were still runny (I showed it to her on the plate; when I cut the eggs, the white part were still liquid and this was practically over easy). She said she'll get me a new one. The waffle, on the other hand was good, except the little tin cup of syrup was placed on the waffle itself. Not such a good hygienic practice; how do I know where that thing was before they stuck it on my waffle! When we were done paying, the waitress places the black bill container on our table, no thank you's, nothing! At that time, my husband and I just looked at each other and said, this is the reason why we haven't been back! Now, we will NEVER come back, EVER! The food may be ok/good, but the service was horrible!
3	It's a pretty decent place to eat.I wasn't a huge fan with the food I order (I actually forget the name of it!), but that doesn't mean anything else was on par with that. I was with a large group of people who all seemed to enjoy their food, so maybe I just made the wrong choice!The service is great, even though it was so busy! Our server was very polite and patient, and we had a rather... ahem, difficult customer to please in our group.
5	I finally got a chance to eat at the place that supposedly serves "twisted farm food." It had been on my radar ever since I first saw it on Man v. Food. Staying at Imperial made it all the more tempting to just go there for each meal. In a rare showing of mercy to my wallet, I didn't do that.Before going inside the dining area, you'll see a number of autographed portraits and menus. Adam Richman's is one of them. I decided to do takeout for dinner. While it was very tempting to just get the popular sage fried chicken and waffles, I was in a 1-pound stuffed burger mood. Oh, that'd be one pound of meat. The entire burger was probably closer to 2 lbs., although not quite there.The mushroom and Swiss stuffed burger ($12.95) was amazing. Extremely juicy and gargantuan. Everything cooked perfectly. It was heaven just to see the melted Swiss and sauteed mushrooms. It's served with the cold fresh veggies on one bun half and the stuffed patty on the other half. Two big dill pickle slices in the burger. While the lettuce looked a bit wilted, that's probably only because everything stayed in the same closed takeout box for a few minutes.I'm guessing they used a brioche bun. Very soft and inviting. I personally think it could have been better with a slight toasting on the flattop. This just felt like the Juicy Lucy I had in Minnesota a couple years back, just in steroidal form. I think the burger could be too greasy and too imposing for some people. Fork and knife might be required. I for one needed a larger mouth.Burgers come with one side item of your choice. I got the basil pesto tossed crispy potatoes and enjoyed every bite. Great job on the crispy potatoes. It also had some broken-down diced tomatoes in there. The olive oil from the pesto collected a bit at the bottom of the plastic takeout container.Dessert is served all day here, and one of the servers mentioned that some items (like the bread pudding) are for in-house dining only. Might expect up to a 15-minute wait on that bread pudding.Breakfast includes french toast, flapjacks, and the Fried Chicken Benedict, all featured on the Man v. Food episode. I hope to get back there for some of those dishes.I saw the plating of the sage fried chicken and waffles I spoke of earlier, and it's literally a tower of food. Three or four waffles for the base, some fried chicken on top of that, and a large knife to hold it all in place.Even with all the inflated prices on the Vegas strip, I think it's well worth the price to come here. Check this elite spot out the next time you're in the area.
5	Corned beef hash cannot be beat!
3	I don't know what is wrong with me. All these places that come highly recommended by my peeps....often don't pan out with me? Am I trying to be different? This place was okay. I wouldn't walk the distance we walked to eat here again. I ordered the bloody mary as recommended by a good friend and I couldn't finish it. My food was fair, but so salty I thought I was going to commit suicide before I could find water on the way back to our hotel. If I was staying in the Imperial Palace, I would eat here...but I would not venture this way again if it was out of the way.
2	Dry fried chicken and mediocre waffles, poor service. Just because you have a lot of food doesn't mean its any great if its all subpar to supermarket fried chicken.  I can't recommend, especially after having Bru's Wiffles in Santa Monica. Doesn't even come close.
5	Every time we go to vegas we have to stop there.  I love going becasue every time I go I try something new because the menu is so big.  The first time I ordered the grilled cheese it was amazing.  Then I ordered the chicken and waffles and it blew my mind.  The waffles had bacon strips baked inside.  The food is artistic  and delicilious.  I would make sure you stop there whenever you are in vegas.  Also, the portions are great so you really do not need to order an appeztier.  My goal is to go for breakfest because there is a different menu.
4	Holy crap huge portions.Biscuits and gravy were tasty.  Biscuits are a bit dry.  More a baking powder type.Gravy had great flavor.Eggs were done to perfection.Its a bit pricey for a Vegas Breakfast but worth it.Waiters all seem to be guys.  Very friendly, very attentive and working hard.Gave us good recommendations.If your on the strip looking for a good breakfast its worth the trip.Place is a bit loud, lots of people and the decor has metal table tops and metal panelson the wall so that makes it loud.We'll be back.
1	(at The Quad formerly known as the Imperial Palace) Parking is at the rear in one of those famous Vegas Labyrinths except it looks abandoned, dirty and unsafe, park in Valet. The waiting staff was prompt and courteous, restaurant has seen a lot of action but still clean, just a little beat up.I started with the BLT Bloody Mary , the Bacon was good.....I left half my drink , there was something tangy missing in the drink it was just your basic mix with Tabasco....For lunch I ordered the Andy's Sage Fried Chicken Benedict, It was this towering plate with massive pieces of food, the Honeydew melon slice on it was delicious, the chicken breast was dry, it had scrambled egg on top of the fried chicken which was decent and sharp cheddar cheese on top of that.....The cheese tasted burnt with an aftertaste , all that was on top of a layer of mashed potatoes which were decent in taste, there was also some slices of tomato and spinach leaves....I left most of the food not because it was too much but because it did not taste great as the legend says. The melon was great though.I believe this is a place to fix a hungover  than just a place to go have lunch just because, I do try everything twice just in case the first time sucks so in the future I will go to another location and give it another chance.
5	Went for Brunch on my short stay in Vegas for a wedding. Had the highly favored Sage Fried Chicken and Waffles. Not a fan of sangrias, but they offer supposed great ones for $5 while you wait for your table by the hostess. Would definitely go back again!
4	The portions are HUGE here. My friend wanted to go since it was on Man vs. Food, and since last time she was in Vegas it was like an hour wait.Tip: go at a weird/off time (10:30am, 11am) because it will only be about a 20 minute wait. We went on a Sunday at like 10:45. When we left there was a HUGE line of people waiting for lunch.ALSO text "Vegas" to 227466, and you will get Total Rewards offers - another reason we went here is because we got a BOGO for the Tractor Driver Combo, which comes with sausage/potatoes/bacon (your choice), pancake or waffle, and eggs. I also got ham on the side which was delicious. We upgraded to their specialty pancakes for $1 extra and they were HUGE. We finished about 1/2 of that, each. All of the other food I saw people eating was ginormous too ... I think you can split portions but they do charge a small fee for doing that.I would come back to Hash House next time I'm in Vegas! Kind of wish it wasn't at the Quad (aka Imperial Palace - lots of construction going on there right now, Jan. '13) but oh well. Only con was that the service was pretty slow, it took about 1/2 an hour to get our food, but can't really beat $7 each for breakfast ($13.95 for the Tractor combo normally).
5	This is the first restaurant we came to on our recent trip to LV. Heard so many great reviews so I had to try it for myself. We had a bigger (extremely hungry) group and it was a pretty busy Friday morning so they gave us the option to split our party into two tables. My bf and cousin ordered the 1lb burger which looked and tasted amazing! All of our jaws dropped when we seen how humongous the burger was!  Just WOW! I couldn't decide what I want because everything they had to offer sounded great. I ended up getting the chorizo breakfast and OMG, it was SO delicious! Such wonderful blends of seasoning. However, I did not like the potatoes, even though they are pretty good, I'm just not a fan of chunky potatoes. I asked for a side of gravy for my biscuit and they charged me $3. Grrr. My cousin ordered the basic breakfast w/ grilled ham and he loved it! And all my other cousins enjoyed their food as well! The portions here are huge! If you come here, I recommend splitting it with someone but beware it may be a little difficult since everything on the menu sounds amazing it may be hard to agree on one thing! This place was a hit for my family and we will definitely come back in the future. I hope you all will enjoy this place as much as we did! Enjoy! :D
5	Everything about this place was amazing.  The portions are huge.  We went on a packed Tuesday morning, and we were seated promptly and got our food in probably less than 10 minutes.    The portions were so big, I didn't know where to start.  It was amazing, and definitely the #1 restaurant I recommend to people traveling to Vegas.
5	Hash House A Go Go is a hidden gem in the Quad (formerly the Imperial Palace).  The hotel is a dump, and when you walk in, you think "really"?But once you get to Hash House - omg!  The food is amazing, the portions are huge!  Well worth it.The BLT Bloody Mary with the bacon - yum!If you don't have a big appetite, you can probably share.  One of my favorite restaurants in Vegas!
4	There's chicken and waffles, and then there's a friggin TOWER of chicken and bacon waffles!A wee bit hard to find as it is on the 2nd floor, I sat at the bar. Peering at my neighbours gargantuan plates of food, I knew I made the right choice.What quickly arrived after ordering was a daunting steak knife holding together this frankenstein creation. Also stabbing through the chicken was what looked like a rosemary tree. Geebus.Chicken was flavourful and juicy, waffles could've been crispier but the bacon integration made up for that.I hate wasting food, but I just couldn't swallow the carb overload. The staff were small town diner friendly and prices beyond reasonable.Waffle me.
5	Huge line and well worth it!*TIP: If you are a diamond club member show your card and you will be seated ahead of the long line.This place is cramped and the tables are small. However once you see the food coming out of the kitchen you will thank me.If you like breakfast with chicken, this is the place to for you. Roscoe's may have started the chicken and waffle craze but Hash House a Go Go has taken it to another level. There were 6 in my party and we all had diffident plates and ate family style. The server was very friendly and helped us choose. All were delicious and will only say that the eggs Benedict were not bad, however they were not out of this world like the other plates.COME HUNGRY and ENJOY!
5	I have had many people tell me to try this place the next time we went to Vegas.....I am SO glad I did!!! 5 stars is not enough.....Bloody Mary's = fantastic;  Hash = Fantastic;  scrambles = fantastic; biscuits =fantastic!!!  We got there around 930am on a Sat and had only a 5 min wait...by the time we left - an hour later ----the wait was over 90min. Well worth it!!!! ENJOY!!!!!
5	Unique food and a unique experience.
3	Was told that the M Hotel and casino had the best food so we went to the Buffet the night before and had a great meal , probably the best buffet in town.  Since the buffet was so great we decided to have breakfast at the Hash House A Go Gp at the same hotel, big mistake.  I had the fried chicken and waffles which wasn't bad and my wife and my wife had the basic breakfast which was scrambled eggs and biscuit .  The service was slow since they seem to be a little short on help, I guess I was just expecting more since the buffet the night before was so great.  My conclusion is to have the buffet but skip the breakfast there
5	You better be hungry before venturing to the Go-Go. One-pound burgers (stuffed), sage fried chicken and waffles, bacon, bacon, AND MORE BACON! The portions are huge, the food is always excellent and make sure you have a fridge in your room for a snack after a night out, or for breakfast. This particular Hash House is in the former dump called the Imperial Palace.....now called The Quad (still a dump). Ignore the ugliness and go to the second floor and enjoy!
5	Saw it on TV years ago.  Finally made it.  Was not disappointed.  A lot of times big-portion food sacrifices quality. While the portions are ridiculously obscene (which I like), the food was great.  I am a picky breakfast food person.  Eggs scrambled with cheese were fluffy and moist, sausage links were plump and flavorful.  The 14"dia, 1/2" thick pancake was very tasty.  Will be back to sample the menu.
4	I ordered the Man Vs. Food Fried Chicken and Eggs Benedict... Wow! The chicken was tender and the eggs were not over cooked. The mashed potatoes were flavorful and the biscuit soft and crumbly.  I even enjoyed the chipotle sauce that was poured over the entire thing. It wasn't too creamy and it had a nice kick. And of course, the meal was ginormous!  (Perfect for sharing.)  Even though it was HUGE, this didn't take away from its quality.  All the ingredients were still fresh! This seems pretty true about all other meals served there.  You get quantity and quality.
5	So the Inferior Palace is now the Quad. Thankfully, Hash House is still upstairs. While the Linq construction out front makes getting into the Quad a chore, the good news is you're no longer dodging taxis to come in here, nor is it as difficult to find the escalators to Hash House anymore.Don't miss the flapjacks (apple cinnamon is my fave, followed by blueberry pecan) and the chicken & waffles is to die for. (tip: order that for at least two) Even a bowl of oatmeal comes out super sized with a large selection of fresh fruit.They are open for lunch and dinner (but not late; I think they close at 11) but breakfast is where they really shine. Eat here.
5	Wait is kinda long, but it was definitely worth it.  I just played craps to pass the time.
2	When I tried the San Diego Hash House a couple years ago, I fell in love. Portions were huge, the food was delicious, and the decor was tasteful. It was obviously a good place since there was a gigantic line. We did take out since the wait was so long, and the food came in PARTY PLATTERS. HUGE!I read that there was a Hash House in Las Vegas, so of course, I had to try. Once again, we did take out because the wait was just too long. The food arrived promptly, but I was massively disappointed. The food was okay (JUST okay, not even good), and the portion sizes were not comparable. Somehow, it definitely missed the mark on the bar that the San Diego location set. We ordered the Indiana Sage Fried Chicken Benedict (somehow mushy) and the Famous Sausage Gravy Biscuits with Egg (extremely small). Also, it is worth noting that the inside of the restaurant, located on the second floor of the Quad Hotel and Casino, is a dump. I would NOT want to eat there.TL;DR Go to the one in San Diego because the one at this location just isn't up to par.
5	The hotel is a complete dump but don't let that fool you.  The food & service is as good as any 5-star place in Vegas.  The portions are huge & yes - it's a little over the top.  But that's what they do.Word to the wise who are waiting - there's a bar inside the restaurant & we sat right down & skipped the 30 minute wait.Also - if you're coming & going via cab...you can get there via Koval Street so you don't have to mess with the traffic on the strip.
4	Wonderful portions. The waffles are great!
4	We were there on the week of Dec. 19-22, 2012I'm giving it 4 stars only because we just tried it for breakfast. But it was awesome. The best pancake ever. We knew before hand that the portions were huge so my husband bought one of the basic breakfast with the hotcake and I just bought the basic breakfast (2 eggs, crispy potatoes YUM! and biscuit) and we share the hotcake which was humongous, bigger than my head, seriously. I didn't love the biscuit it was a bit too dry for me. But I didn't care because the hotcake made up for it. We both ate from it and still couldn't finish it. Delicious!
3	I went to Hash House A Go Go because I didn't really know where to go for a cheap breakfast while we stayed at the Venetian. The food wasn't horrible, but it wasn't amazing either. Customer service wasn't bad though. Our server was pretty good and he tried to crack some jokes. Unfortunately, hung over girls that are hungry don't want to laugh- they just want to eat. He was funny in retrospect.I had the salmon eggs benny while my boyfriend had the chicken and waffles. I remember sitting back and while we were waiting for our food to come. We were silently pointing and laughing at people that were getting these massive plates delivered to their tables. I was like "I'm SO glad that's not what I order" WRONG! It was totally what I ordered. I just looked at my plate and my hang over was gone... and so was my appetite. There was way too much hollandaise sauce on my eggs benny. There was also just too much of everything. I had maybe a total of 3 bites of this thing, then I wanted to just look away and not eat for a week. My boyfriend's dish wasn't too bad though. There was bacon built into the waffle and the waffle was pretty soft. It really wasn't bad at this place, but I just didn't want to die of a heart attack. I felt it coming as soon as I took a forkful of the potatoes and biscuits drenched in a rose hollandaise sauce. Come here if you're really hungry. The price was amazing for the amount of food you get. Got damn.
4	Sweet mother of little baby bacon Jesus, I will add to the chorus in emphasizing the ENORMITY of these portions. I had to have the famous sage fried chicken and bacon waffles, and they were great. The presentation is hilariously over-the-top, and it's rare to find food that makes me laugh. In the end I do have to give more kudos to their joie d'vivre than the overall taste, which was solid but not as memorable as it looks like it should be. I don't think it's really in the ballpark to compare to Roscoe's because the approaches are entirely different, but I am more partial to their chicken's crispness than Hash's country batter-y crunch. That said, I'd absolutely return to *split* a chicken and waffles in the future.
1	TWO WORDS: FOOD POISONING!!!This is my bf's favorite breakfast place. I had never been. The wait was about an hour. He told me it would be worth it. NOT.I ordered scrambled eggs with goat cheese that came with a side of potatoes and warm biscuits. It looked delicious. It lacked seasoning. I don't know if it was the goat cheese or the strawberry spread that I put on my biscuits, but less than an hour after walking out of there I had terrible stomach cramps. I bought pepto bismol at a convenience store and took one after another to help with the stomach pains. I was stuck in my hotel the rest of the day & night.  It ruined my time in Vegas.I really think it was the strawberry spread that had been sitting on the table. Maybe it was contaminated with bacteria from lack of refrigeration.
2	Why did I wait in line to experience this?  It was a mediocre experience, at best.
5	I absolutely love this place! My husband and I make it a point to come here every time we come to Vegas. I've never been disappointed here and there is never enough time (or room in my belly) to try everything I want. One of my favorites is the Hash House Original Benedict with Mashed potatoes, biscuits, spinach, tomatoes, poached eggs(or they call them basted, not totally sure what the difference is) and roasted red pepper cream sauce. Sooo good! The portions are massive and the HH original benedict is about $15 or so, so you can save some money by just ordering that and splitting with someone else. It always sounds like a good idea before we get there, but then I can't decide and we usually end up ordering two entrees. The banana-brown sugar pancake is awesome too and doesn't even need syrup. It's massive as well of course. I can usually only eat about 1/4 of it. The breakfast quesadilla has potatoes and a bunch of other yummy stuff, also perfect. I'm not a big fan of bloody mary's, until I had one here. Awesom bloody marys and nice and big. Perfectly seasoned and not too spicy. Can't wait to have one in a few days. Vegas Baby, Vegas!!!
2	i ordered the sage fried chicken eggs benedict. the server said it was one of the most popular dishes and according to the menu, it was featured on man vs. food. no joke this thing is effing monstrous. when i saw it i was like this is is a bunch of stuff in one disgusting pile and when i took a bite, i was even more disappointed. the chicken was dry and not that flavorful, the biscuit was super dense, the eggs were scrambled which means it is NOT a benedict. and there were random strips of bacon somewhere in the middle of all that crap. so really, its a heap of random fatty food. i also split the chorizo hash with my boy. this was better but still not that great. really really salty and unimpressive. the best part of my meal was my cinnamon coffee. but that cost $6 which is half the cost of my dish so it better have been good!
5	Awesome french toast, I love you hash house!
4	Came here after clubbing and I had previously NEVER heard of this amazing place. It's located in the Quad which is formerly imperial palace. You take the escalators up to the restaurant which is fairly large. Service was great and attentive.Food: We got the steak and eggs which portion wise wasn't a lot but tasted amazing. Either that or I was really buzzed. I saw another person with the Benedict and that plate was HUGEEEEE. They do seem to have a lot of specialty plates that I would love to come back and try.This place is definitely a toss up with Earls for after hours spot. Price is decent enough as well. I'd compare this to a Denny's diner kind of feel.
2	The three people that I went with thought the food was okay and the portions were huge. I ordered the corned beef hash and fried eggs over medium with a biscuit. What I got was two raw eggs and tiny strips of corned beef on top of hash browns and a biscuit with a small tree sticking out of it... no butter, no jelly! After eating a bite of eggs then realizing they were clear/uncooked inside. I returned them to the waiter asking for the whites to be cooked. TWENTY TWO minutes later I received two eggs fried completely hard... Needless to say, everyone was finished eating by then and we just paid the bill and left. I should have tried the pancakes... you cant really screw up a pancake.
3	Corned beef hash and BLT bloody mary...Ok.
5	Scrambled eggs with chicken, cheese and peppers were great.
4	When we saw people getting their orders we were in AWWE. Are you kidding me? Watermelon lemonade yum. Banana Latte- YUM. But most of all, the giant pile of sage chicken and waffles? Friggen rediculous. TRUST ME You have to try this place next time you are in Vegas. The wait was 35 minutes, but you can order a bloody mary or lemonade while you wait. Grab your hotel coupon book they usually have coupons for a free lemonade. We will be back, my daughter and I were crazy about this place. Food: YUMMMMService: GREATWait: LOOOONG so be prepared to wait. Or take turns waiting and go gamble:)
5	The food is solid, but the service is spectacular. We are greeted by every employee and seated with gusto. Our server was to-the-point and very informative. The food: Huge portions. Bold flavors. Great seasoning. Fun presentation. This is a must for Breakfast if you are in Vegas.
5	So let me start by saying that, my friend suggested we go here in fact she raved about it prior to our arrival at the Quad (where we were staying anyway). On the afternoon that we ventured upstairs we were beyond hung over and quite ready for a meal of epic proportion BOY DID  WE FIND IT!! To begin our server sucked, I believe her name was Shea, but don't quote me but if you get her avoid her ass like the plague. She took 15 minutes to get our drink orders  (one Pepsi and two waters)to the table after telling her we needed a minute to look over the menu.When she finally brought the drinks and I discovered my water glass was dirty I proceeded to wait another 20 minutes to get my water again. The kicker...they weren't busy and she tended to just disappear for 20 minute increments. Another waitress that we called over (Janine) was SO helpful! Despite us requesting the manager she still was polite and attempted to help us with anything we needed even though we were not at her table. Once the manager arrived and we explained our issue he took over and took care of us for the whole rest of the time. I ordered the rib eye with horseradish potatoes and boy was it good! The manager made sure that EVERYTHING was taken care of and was so freaking attentive to our needs. He even brought us a huge piece of their wonderful strawberry cheesecake and ice cream for our troubles. We tipped (Janine) stiffed that other chick...and consistently thanked the manager!! I will definitely go here every time I'm in Vegas and want a great meal and great service...Love it!
2	We stopped here before driving home from Vegas. My husband and I had both been wanting to try this place after hearing recommendations from friends. The wait was rather long for early Monday afternoon, over 30 minutes, but it comes with the territory of eating on the strip. What I wasn't prepared for, however, was the stifling heat in the restaurant. It was uncomfortably hot even during a cold day in February.Our server was friendly, but he could have been more attentive to filling our coffee mugs. I guess we didn't look haggard or hung over enough.My husband pointed to the vegetarian hash, and said, "That sounds like you! Sun dried tomatoes and artichokes!" So that's what I ordered, and I was so disappointed when the hash arrived with yucky raw tomatoes. The hash was underwhelming overall. The flavorful potatoes saved the dish. The biscuit on the side was ok.My husband went for the biscuits and gravy as he always does. I know people talk a lot about the portion size at this place, but that dish is actually normal size. He liked it, but it wasn't as good as the restaurants back home.I'm still sticking with the Egg and I as my favorite Vegas breakfast spot.
5	So this place is located in an upstairs hidden corner of the used to be Imperial Palace (soon to be The Quad). It is sorta tricky to find, but that does not seem to deter Vegas tourists from visiting this totally fun place. We tried to visit on a Saturday morning but were greeted with a 45 minute wait. We were hungry, so we decided to pass this one up and try it again on Monday morning. Still a 35 minute wait, but we really wanted to try it. As others have said, once you are seated the service is excellent. The menu has all sorts of fun and unique offerings such as a banana latte and banana and maple sugar pancakes. My boyfriend and I are normally people who walk in and decide what we want fairly quickly, but Hash House's menu boasts so many unique flavors that it took us a while to decide. We finally decided that we wanted the sage fried chicken and waffles (apparently a Man VS. Food favorite), some pancakes, and a side of crispy potatoes. The waitress took one look at us (we are not large people) and recommended we wait on the pancakes until we received the rest of our food, as the portions are so good. We appreciated her honesty, because the portions were HUGE and the chicken and waffles and potatoes were more than enough. The flavor, texture, and presentation was superb. The sage as a bit of complexity to the chicken flavor that still mixes well with the waffles. The syrup was a little less sweet than most, which makes it perfect with the savory part of the dish. The chicken was also obviously high quality. One of the things I normally hate about fried chicken is the low quality chicken that places sometimes use. We fully enjoyed our dining experience. The dishes are so large and tasty looking that it is fun to watch the servers take them to their respective tables and then watch the look on the people's faces as they begin to dig in. We are already planning to visit again on our next Vegas trip, and even want to stop in late night after gambling just for one of their fun lattes.
4	Enough has been said here, but seriously I don't even like bloody marys but I certainly did here.  Compared to anything else on the strip this place is several steps above for an amazing hangover cure be it food or otherwise.
5	Delicious. Huge crowd waiting but only took 20 minutes. The bloody mary bar in the waiting area made the time fly. Very nice staff. Try anything that has the sage chicken.
4	Get the Eggs Benedict Florentine style or regret it for the rest of your life! It was insanely good.
2	First off, kinda hard to find if you don't know where you are going. This place is located on the tip floor. You must find the ONE escalator that goes to it, which is located in the middle of the casino. Randomly. Anyways, the plates are huge as are the portion sizes, but that is really all this place as going for it. I got a Hash House Quesadilla stuffed with potatoes, jalapenos, eggs & tomato with a chili cream. Ew. Why did I think this was going to be good? This thing was potatoes, really, not much else, smothering in this chili cream that was so not tasty.But I came back. For the Snickers pancake. Which is a pancake, with Snickers pieces in it. Not original or very creative. Not very good either. The griddle makes the good part of the candy melt, and leaves behind a stick to your teeth part.
4	So I just got back from Las Vegas and my last meal was at Hash House A Go Go. I love this place. I had the HH meatloaf hash. This comes with HH's famous meatloaf, potatoes, red peppers, the biggest biscuit I have ever seen, a slice of melon, 2 eggs cooked to your request and a strawberry. YUMMY!!! I have been to this location twice before. This time I sat at the bar because there was a wait. I didn't realize that they went from normal hours to being open 24 hours. I might have ate there sooner during a late night gambling or dancing on my latest trip. So i opted for the bar because I was so hungry. I knew better than to let my hunger order more than I dish since I was alone. I thought about getting their bacon waffle which is so delicious. But I knew I wanted more than just carbs and meat. Mark & Jayson were the bartenders on duty. Both guys are awesome!! They were very friendly and very attentive to their diners at the bar. So I had the meatloaf hash and it was very good. Of course, I couldn't finish it. Their portions at Hash House are ridiculously huge that you could split 1 entree with a friend and be stuffed for the rest of the day. I wish that I could have taken my leftovers with me to the airport, but there is some silly rules about bringing stuff like that through security check points. I would have given 5 stars for my review. The only reason I didn't was because the restaurant is located so deep inside the Quad that you couldn't get any type of cell reception or cell data. I definitely would recommend anyone going to Las Vegas that loves breakfast to try and stop by Hash House A Go Go before getting on a plane to head home!! Can't wait to get back to Las Vegas to eat here again!!
4	Be scared, be very scared....in a good way.  This was my first time atHash House A Go Go and wow was shocked to see how big the portions were.  I got a simple plate of scrambled eggs, bacon and hash browns and a biscuit and I couldnt even finish it all.  Another member of our party had their famous chicken and waffles and the plate was a marvel.  Our waiter was great, very attentive and had a funny attitude that we all enjoyed.  Really enjoyed my visit here.  Its a little tricky to find as you have to take a small elevator up to the restaurant itself, but its well worth the treck!
4	must go if your in vegas!!! if you can wait for like 20-30 min. you have to come for breakfast. its always a line but it moves fast! i love how they plate their food, very elegant! and will have you full!a must go!
2	So this was our second time at the Vegas Hash House.  The Reno one seemed so much better.  We had a party of 6, which was a 50 minute wait.  The place is LOUD, you have to yell to hear the person next to you.  I wasn't hung over, but it was just plain irritating.  Our server was friendly, but not on-the-ball.  It took a while for her to get our order, which normally is okay, but we were dining with two small children.  What really knocked down my rating was the delivery of the food.  One friend got her meal first, along with one child, mine came about 5 minutes later, our other friends, probably 10 minutes later, and my husband, well, the person who got her food first was nearly finished by the time his arrived.  The server explained that they made everything fresh to order, so it didn't come out together. Uh, UNACCEPTABLE.  You're left to want to dive into the food, after waiting a ridiculous amount of time for it, and not wanting to be rude and waiting until everyone is served.  Not cool.  The food itself was terrible.  I had the biscuits and gravy, the sausage was pink.  I didn't feel like waiting 2 more hours for food, so I picked around it.  The gravy tasted old - made-to-order my ass.  The biscuits were stale, and really resembled hockey pucks.  The mashed potatoes in the middle were not necessary and were not appetizing.  I ordered a side of sausage, and it was two tiny pieces of skimpy meat, obviously the ridiculous portion size is for the low-cost, crappy carbs only.  I didn't even care if anyone else liked their meal, it was a less-than-stellar experience and I won't return.
2	This place was voted best breakfast in Vegas multiple years in a row. Pretty sure most, maybe all the votes were from hungover folks. First you wait about 25 minutes.  The wait gets you pumped up and excited. You decide to go with their signature dish and get a hash. Then you wait 15 minutes for the said food to show up. Massive portions in a skillet. I can empathize with the look of disappointment on your face as you realize the hash is flavorless and the biscuit is as hard as a rock. Certainly not my idea of good breakfast either. Save your hard earned money and go somewhere else. This place just didnt cut it for me at all.
4	we loved the place and the bloody marry is awsome
3	After you're seated (1 hour wait on a Saturday afternoon), there's an additional 30-40 minutes until your food is served from the time you order. There are no appetizers on the menu. Biscuits are $2 each. Overpriced and over hyped if you ask me. It's definitely a tourist spot.
4	The wait for a table can be pretty long on the weekends, but the food is worth it. The food takes longer than you think it should, so be prepared to wait through a couple of Bloody Marys. The portions are completely ridiculous, so you will either leave full to stuffed or guilty that you left so much on your plate. This is comfort food, so healthy isn't at the top of the priority list. They will do an egg white substitute if you're feeling guilty about the bacon that is cooked into your waffle. Good stuff.
3	I have heard people say this place is food coma central. Came here after a night of fun and decided to get some food. Food: Sage fried chicken and waffle. This was a huge plate and what felt like a mountain of food, but that did not intimate me. I was ready to dig in and was definitely impressed. The flavor was good and everything worked well together.  roscoe chickens and waffle is definitely better in my book. This dish was around $15- 16 and i think it is worth your money to try this place once. ServiceWe were seated pretty quickly, but then again it was 4 am. The staff here was attentive and ensure we were comfortable and got what we needed. There is no phone service here so you would have to take pictures and upload later.
4	Love, Love, Love the Hash House!! Huge portions, chicken and waffles rock!!  Can't wait to visit the one at Mohegan Sun!!! Thanks for coming to the east coast!!
5	I wish I could put 10 stars on this place!It's amazing. The wait time to eat here is not long at all considering how popular it is! My cousin came and we waited for about 15 minutes before being seated. We came during brunch, so we still had breakfast cravings. I ordered the pancakes with potatoes and eggs and OMG! I was in Heaven and you for sure get what you pay for. Before receiving my food, my cousin and I kept gazing at all the large portions of food put on one person's order. The presentation was fantastic and it even made us hungrier watching people eat with such satisfaction! We waited about 20 minutes for our food not bad. My pancake was huge! the buttermilk once was yummy and it wasn't too thick. I didn't finish it, but I did finish my scrambled eggs and crispy potatoes! Those were nicely seasoned and made. Enjoyed them as the side to my pancake!The restaurant brings a lot of great energy, but my waitress was not, She was a little grumpy and it seemed as though she did not enjoy her job one bit. She tried correcting us, when really, she was the one who made a mistake. I felt she just had a snobby attitude. If we had a better server then there really would be no downfalls to this place! Other than her, the rest of the customer service was great from the host to the guys from the kitchen to another waitress who was very kind to us. I am absolutely coming back for more next time I am in Vegas. Please make sure to get a good workout in before coming here! Food Coma is a given
4	My first time at this location - the last one I went to in Vegas i think was on Sahara.We strolled in on a hungover Sunday morning/afternoon and had about an hour wait. When we were seated our waiter warned us that everything is made fresh to it may take a while to get teh food out - but to our surprise it didn't take long at all.Half of the group I ate with had never been to Hash House so wasn't sure what to expect. Their food is farm to table fresh and the portions are massive. I ordered the breakfast quesadilla in hopes of soaking up all the leftover alcohol in my stomach and I definitely ate it for at least 3 meals - it was massive, spicy and tasty!Everyone ordered something different, fresh the chicken and waffles to pancakes and eggs and everyone was happy with what they ordered!
2	Beware those with food allergies!My wife and I stopped in on a busy Sunday morning after hearing great things. I had my the wonderful Chicken and Waffles which at $14.99 is an absolute steal considering this place is on the strip. Perfectly crispy chicken with the soft fluffy waffles really is a treat.My poor significant other wasn't so lucky. She suffers from a severe Gluten allergy and we both scoured over the normal menu (no gluten free f menu yet) looking for all possible options that would avoid cross contamination. After settling on a corn been hash and eggs, and quizzing the waitress on all ingredients, she assured us that the kitchen has made gf dishes before and we had nothing to worry about.My meal came out first and we waited nearly twenty minutes for her dish to come out. The restaurant was nice enough to comp her meal due to the mixup which was very nice of them, and we were on our way.About twenty minutes later she knew something was wrong and suspected immediately the food had been contaminated with gluten. My wife spent the next two days sick as could be and dealing with the after effects for several days after.If you dont have food allergies then this place is great....large hearty portions of good home style food. If not, stay away. Until the kitchen learns how to prepare GF food (or any dish with special needs) properly it's not worth taking the risk.
4	If you come hungry - very hungry - and looking for tasty comfort food you will find a whole lot to love about Hash House A Go Go. And by whole lot I mean way huge servings. You've been warned.The atmosphere is fun casual and they deliver on every bit of it - throw pillows on the seats and "Country Industrial" design. Their "Twisted Farm Food" is a nice diner menu with emphasis on breakfast and brunch. Every creative dish is farm fresh and seasoned to absolute perfection. They really create full flavor dishes like Sage Fried Chicken & Waffles, Chorizo Hash or Smoked Salmon Benedict. And they don't shy away from a full dinner menu with Grilled Pork Tenderloin or Chili Crusted Duck Breast or big salads, burgers and even steaks. And yes, they also have a Late Breakfast menu during dinner hour.Full bar? Of course. And their prices are a nice departure from most of the sky-high Vegas fare. Servers are friendly and helpful. They've become a regular stop when visiting Vegas - 3 times and looking forward to the next. You can't hardly go wrong here.
5	Wow! The meatloaf was amazing! The presentation was great and we will be coming back here again, soon!
5	This place is sooooo good!!!! Huge portions and so fresh!
4	This place gets 3.5 stars from me, but I rate it as a 4 since you can't give half star ratings.  This place is located inside the Quad (Formerly Imperial Palace).  I went here with my wife last Saturday for brunch.  The main reason I would give this place 3.5 stars is definitely not because of the food, but because of the atmosphere.  First off, it's located inside the Quad hotel, which in general is dumpy and has a high population of riffraff.  When we went, the place was very busy (Minimum 30 minute wait for 2 people) and loud.  They don't have a lot of seating, so we ended up just standing and waiting.  I'm not sure if it's because of where it's located in the hotel, but we got no cell phone service in this restaurant.  Again, because it's so loud in here, it's not exactly the best place to hold a conversation.  That said, if loud music and good people watching is your thing, you'll probably enjoy this place.  The food here was actually very good, and they give you way too much of it.  My wife ordered the sage chicken and waffles with bacon, while I simply had a bacon sandwich with fries.  Both were good.  I really wasn't in the mood for breakfast food that day, so my options were limited.  Also, it seemed like we had to wait for a long time to get our food, mostly because they were busy.  Overall, I wouldn't rush back here to eat, mainly because of the atmosphere, but the food was good.
5	I fell in love with this place... Woke up at 11am and we were starved. We needed a solid meal to eat before leaving Vegas. So I yelped up "brunch" and found Hash house a Go Go! Took us forever to find this spot. There were so many people waiting in line. We waited close to an hour to get to in. We were sooooo hungry. Service: nice and polite, they were very helpful as we were first timers. Ambience: very trendy and "barn-like" decor. The booths were so spacy and comfortable. Food: Amazing, aaamazing. Let's first talk about the portions. SOLID portion! I was sooo full from lunch, then I had enough for dinner as well. The Andy's Sage Fried You must, must try the Chicken with maple reduction, 2 eggs, bacon mashed potatoes & biscuits (15.95). The chicken was good, maybe a little dry. The scrambled eggs were sooo fluffy. One of the best eggs i've had. The bacon mashed potatoes is just delicious and solid. The bacon did just the trick. The biscuits were sooo yummy. My friends get some butter and the peach jam to put on the biscuits. SOOO GREAT! Such a good price and great portion! My friend's food portions were very generous too.A great brunch place. I will definitely take my boyfriend here next time since he is a picky brunch fan. Will recommend this to others as well.
5	Delicious ,awesome I don't know what else to say lol. Great service....it was packed and wait time was 25 min but we only waited like 10. Bring your appetite!
1	UPDATE: omfg I got an allergic reaction to the salmon! I shoulda known it wouldn't be fresh.. it was more like completely cooked salmon as opposed to SMOKED. Now my finger has like 5 itchy bumps :'(_______________________________Got the fried chicken Benedict and smoked salmon scrambled. Portions were huge but flavors were ok. I would come jus for the experience but not again. Plus, it's ridiculously hard to find and impossible to explain how to get there. They need an actual sign, instead of a dark menu in front of a hallway.
4	Who knew this trendy breakfast / brunch place on the strip was going to be good??  Awesome bloody's, large portions, and fast svc.  What more do u need the morning after in Vegas?  :). Go early cause their will be a long wait.
5	Another place I found because of Adam Richman from MvF....This place has made my list of regular things to do when in Vegas.The first two times I went to the original place on Sahara Blvd about 10 min of the Strip but then I found out the Quad (FKA, Imperial Palace) had one (which is right next to where I stayed) so I had to go again..lolYou will not believe the portions at this place!  The Pancakes look like the size of a medium Pizza (or Hubcaps), Their Benedict creations are not only monstrous they are off the hook! Personally I liked the Chicken one that was on MvF better than the Pork Filet  but the Pork one could easily feed three people (I'm 250+ lbs and it fed me twice and admittedly I should have split it into thirds). The last time I went, I was with a buddy and his son who said they live down the street from Rosco's Chicken & Waffle's then said "These are better than Rosco's" when referring to Hash Houses Chicken & Waffle tower (They were very good, but I've never had Chicken & Waffles before)
4	The food was outstanding!  I had the Sage Chicken and Waffles.  Really good.  The only criticism was that it seems that they used a cheap syrup.  Too bad really.  I asked for some syrup to go and they were Log Cabin containers, which confirmed that it wasn't a top shelf real Maple.  The chicken was out of the world, and the bacon in the waffles just nailed it.My wife had a corned beef hash and it was just lovely.  They under cooked the over easy eggs, but that is so darned common, I can't give them a hard time about it.  Menu: 5 Stars. Off the charts.Ambience: 3 Stars.  A little rugged and run down, but fits it's in your face style.Service: 3 Stars.  Too many mistakes.  They bring your food as it comes up, that means my wife was almost done with her meal by the time I got mine.  The waiter didn't write anything down so when he brought me the wrong dish the first time, it wasn't surprise.   I saw my waiter every 10 minutes.  Had to get up and go to the waiter station to ask for water.  To make all this better, they were running their butts off and rectified every mistake quickly and cheerfully.  I feel it is more of a management issue than anything.I will go back next time in Vegas.  I have yet to have a breakfast of this caliber in Vegas.
5	Epic.....every time.
3	AMAZING FOOD , WORST SERVICE. They need more servers on just like most restaurants on the strip. Not only lack of service, but bad service when my waiter did come around. If I came back it would have to be at a less busy time. Because the food was amazing!
5	Go every year when we hit Vegas.Great Service, Great Food, More food than a normal person can eat.Stop reading this and go eat at the Hash House.
2	Everyone is really friendly here.  The service was decent even though the restaurant was packed on a weekend morning.  I can understand the appeal of a restaurant like this, but I just can't say that I enjoyed my meal.  I ordered the corned beef house hash and was thoroughly disappointed.  It's not a normal corned beef hash in the traditional sense.  There are no crunchy bits as the corned beef is baked then shredded.  For the first time in my life, I wasn't able to finish even a third of my meal.  I took the meal back to my hotel room  hoping to have another stab at it later, but just the thought of trying made me cringe.
5	Definitely one of the best breakfast I have had.  Get the Chicken and Waffles with one of their Bloddy Mary's!  Definitely will go here every time I'm in Vegas.
5	so amazing , our waitress was so good . her name was tara and she helped with everything we needed . the food is HUGE , but we didnt have to wait very long . everything is made fresh. we went to the m for ours , go there its great .
5	It's just that good.  Sure "The Quad" / "Imperial Palace" is a craphole, but you have to look past it.  The fact that my friend barfed on the casino floor on his way to the bathroom, well....that's just icing in the cake!  It sure wasn't a reflection on the delicious food.
4	Yelp 100 Challenge * 53/100Find Hash House A Go Go at The Quad (where the Imperial Palace would have been) Heavy construction work is underway so don't be surprised if you find yourself navigating a labyrinth of a path to get here. (Apparently, renovation/alteration is not done yet!) Family Tuesday cannot happen this week with schoolwork (and everything in between) piling up for me so I convinced my parents to follow our adventurous compass and head here today. When we got to the first floor, I scanned the celebrity guests whose signatures lined menus in the waiting room outside the restaurant and saw a picture of Adam Richman from Man vs. Food taking a shot at the Andy's Sage Fried Chicken and Bacon Waffle Tower! Sold. We agreed to share what sounded like a mutated chicken and waffle combo. And we were right. It was ginormous! That and an extra order of Basic on the side which included 2 sunny side ups, ham, 2 wheat bread with butter and diced potatoes and I was charged with all the necessary carbs that lasted me for the whole day. My parents were too stuffed to elaborate about their meal by the time we were done, but I'm assuming they had a blast. American portions still get pretty overwhelming for us (and to think that we were already sharing our orders)Papa couldn't help commenting that the fried chicken was just the right level of crispy and mommy loved how the waffles had bacon stuffed in it. I would hop here for breakfast more often if only the construction below wasn't as disruptive as it was. Over the course of our meal, we heard someone drilling beneath the floor of the party next to us. We could literally feel the ground shake and servers were shaking their heads in frustration. Thankfully everyone was taking it with a grain of salt and light-hearted humor (Someone joked that they thought it was their baby making all the noise) 5 stars without the noise. Perhaps another stop in the future will up my update review.
4	Atmosphere is loud and fun. Menu is amazing.  Portions are huge..... Wait was loooooong to get seated (45 minutes).  Kitchen time was about half an hour from order time.....  Though our party wasn't expecting a quick bite, we also did not expect to devote three hours to breakfast on a Saturday morning....  And the line was even longer when we left!
5	So delicious.  Ate there twice on my last vegas trip.  First item up was the duck (don't remember exact dish name) but it was so good and there was so much duck.  Usually duck dishes are on the smaller size but this was pretty big.The chicken and waffles are delicious.  The chicken was a tiny bit dry or I'd say it was just perfect, but overall really really good.  Should of ate there every meal in vegas.
4	Fantastic appetite satisfying hamburgers in a pretty dumpy setting.
4	Hash House puts good food in front of you in portions that would feed you for a week. Take a good Sunday breakfast - say bacon and eggs - and inflate it to triple its normal size and add a pancake larger than most pizzas. Simply put, it's really tasty, good ol' home-style comfort food. I've always gotten a combo with a premium pancake for a dollar more which comes with some scrambled eggs and sausage. If you like breakfast or diner food, this is the place to go. you'll love it. And you won't leave hungry, that's for sure.
4	Out of town friends introduced me to Hash House A Go Go on the Strip.  My friend always orders the Chicken and waffle dish.  At first I thought EEEWWAH! But then when I tasted it I was in HEAVEN!!! I'm hooked on this place so when ever they come to town I get treated to a dinner there and I either order the chicken and waffle plate or the Sage chicken Salad. Soooo GOOD!!!   The only complaint I have is they play the music too loud so it's hard to have a conversation if this place is crowed, which it usually is!
2	pros: food is great, generous portions, unique cucumber ranch dressing.cons: very long wait, TERRIBLE service. I have been here twice and service was bad both times I came. We sat there for 15 minutes before our server came by to greet us. Bad attitude, food takes forever, the only thing that came back fast was the check in the end. Never again.
4	I've tried the one at the M Hotel a few years back and was very impressed. This location was super busy because its in the heart of the Strip. If you have a large group, be prepared to wait for 30-45 minutes just to be seated. I suggest to snack on something along the way or while waiting for your name to be called. Better yet, grab a big cocktail from the casino bar and wait...hey, you're in Vegas baby :)  We were here on Saturday 11:30am and it was already packed and we were starving. I suggested to eat here because the portions are huge and food is quite delicious. Luckily the bar had a quicker turnaround...perfect for just a couple of fellows. I got the same thing - Andy's sage fried chicken, served w/ fresh spinach, hardwood smoked bacon, market tomato, griddled mozzarella, chipotle cream and scrambled eggs. (See My Pic) My friend ordered the Griddled French Toast dipped in banana cinnamon cream w/ pecan maple syrup. As much as we tried to finish the meal, we had to surrender. My goodness, food coma...here we come. Thank God we just planned to hang by the pool and lush out...lol. Overall, Hash House is a good bang for your buck. Our counter server was quick and came by 3x to make sure we got everything we needed.  The Sage Fried Chicken Benedict is clearly enough for 2 but like what I said earlier...you're in Vegas!  Splurge a little :)  They have different locations so check their website but this one in particular is not as nicely decorated as the one in M Resort. This location is extremely busy and felt tight but its open 24 hours. The M Hotel location has more tables and outdoor seating with nice views.
2	Had a very long line on a Sunday afternoon, but the wait wasn't bad at all. The food on the other hand was sub-par, and if I didn't know about the far superior location in SD I wouldnt consider going to another HHGG. The bacon waffle was tough and almost flavor-less, and the eggs served w it were cold. The meatloaf hash was alright; the large meatloaf chunks were pretty good, but still wasn't very impressed. Oh well, guess the poor quality of food at the Vegas location will make me appreciate the awesomeness of the SD food even more the next time I go!
4	The restaurant is hidden inside The Quad. The food is awesome. There is more than enough food to share on one entree. The portions are generous but the food will stop a heart. A must try if you in Vegas. Cheap food and it will get you full.
1	It seems like all CET properties and they're dining options are going Very downhill and this place too! Located inside the quad which is basically imperial palace renamed... This is for today's experience and we left before ordering it was that bad. First asked for a booth and were informed that section is closed ... It was literally 2ft away from the open section ! Fine we sat somewhere that was open. Then asked our waitress who came around 10 minutes after we were seated ( place was Very slow and 3 different waiters passed by) I asked her if we could order from the dinner menu as hubby wanted ribs ( it was like 330 pm ) She proceeded to look and speak to us as if we just asked her the dumbest thing on the planet... Said NO dinner starts at 5! If you want to look over the lunch menu or bye .. Basically told us to leave ... This is almost as good as the experience at planet dailies ... Not sure which was worse. So left there feeling insulted and unhappy. So thanks for ruining what could of been a nice lunch..Take your money and business elsewhere unless you're too drunk to care how you're treated then it may be ok!
5	AWESOME BREAKFAST AND GREAT PRICE!!!  Every dishes that came out was  huge. Make sure to don't over order and always share. If you want more you can always order again.
3	fatties not foodies.  excessive amounts instead of qualitytough choice, food was a little bit better than average, the overall service was way less than standard and the atmosphere was not good.1st.  as would be expected on a Sunday morning, 50 minute wait. Not bad for Vegas.  however, the 40 additional minutes to bring the food is outrageous.  they tell you it is going to take that long because they cook it fresh and  they do not use heat lamps.  I worked in restaurants, heat lamps have nothing to do with timing neither does cooking it fresh.  that part was unacceptable.  the music was way too loud.  basically you have to commit to three hours for this place while the music blares.  2nd.  but for two items, the food was good.  Banana pancakes, eggs, potato were tasty.  the sausage was below average.  The bacon was horrible and that was even after we told them how we liked it.  three attempts of failure.  no way that was freshly cooked.  Oh, and the ice tea was bad.price was reasonable given Vegas these days. so late night, if no one around, and you can sit immediately and they immediately bring your food, then go for it.  other than that, it is your risk....
1	Let down by poor service, very bad first impression from the greeter. I had the Chorizo hash sitting at the bar, solo, good food, generous portions. Shame about the service, also very dark. Lots of building going on in the hotel so maybe excuses the darkness.
5	Giant portions, fun loud atmosphere, great service, and good food.  It was very busy when we went, so we had to wait about 15 minutes for our table.  Try the Chicken and Waffles!
2	Was so looking for a great bacon breakfast......  I love bacon, heard this place was a great place to go for it.  First off, waited almost 50 minutes to get a table, then told it would be 35 minutes to get our food because it's all prepared fresh.  45 minutes later my food came, no bacon and no food for my bf.  Told waiter no bacon,  when he does bring it, it's cold and greasy like it had been sitting in a precooked pile for some time.  Asked him to crisp it up, brings back the same bacon still cold, greasy and not crisp.  Third trip, no change we told him to forget it as I had already finished the rest of my food.  Like I said, came for a bacon breakfast, we emphasized this, how we wanted it cooked etc., did not seem to matter.  I will say the other food;  eggs, potatoes, and pancake were decent and would have been fine if the bacon was good and the service and time factor (total of 3 hours for a breakfast) were significantly better.  Overall, a very bad experience for my fist time in Vegas.  Would not go back.  Btw, they did charge us for the bacon.
4	I went here specifically for the ridiculously huge serving of rosemary fried chicken and bacon waffles.  My recommendation is to plan on eating half or sharing with your party.  However, all the other dishes are massive as well so unless you come with a party that shares the same purpose, do not plan on sharing.  Once I finished laughing at the size of the the dish and decided to actually try and eat some I realized I needed a plan of attack.  So I moved the chicken to one side of my dish and the waffles to the other.  Then I proceeded to cut a piece of chicken, a piece of waffles and then put them together to consume.  I was certainly a fan and like the salty sweet combination of the fried chicken bacon and waffle with syrup.  Despite my effort I could not finish the dish and took the rest to eat on the way to Zion Canyon National Park (by the way, it should be consumed immediately as the chicken is not as crunchy and and the waffles too mushy after sitting in a to go box).  I will try to come back when in Vegas, but it is about a 15 minute drive from the strip and certainly not walking distance.  So I will most likely visit on my way out of Vegas rather than during my stay when I enjoy to walk everywhere I go.
1	HASH HASH A NO GO!  based on a friend's recommendation, 8 of us trekked to hash hash a go go last Friday morning and at 11 there was an hour wait. once we finally got seated we ordered cocktails, which seemed priced fairly, but they were pretty weak. we finally ordered but waited almost another HOUR for our food to arrive. and when it did, NONE of us liked it. most of us ordered the sage fried chicken which was dry and flavorless. we couldn't even taste any salt. one friend asked for a sauce or something to add moisture to her chicken and 20 min later the waitress brought her some ranch dressing. food and service was horrid. I agree with another reviewer...it should be called HASH HASH A NO NO! or HASH HASH A NO GO!! what a waste of our time and money!
3	Good service and well-prepared food. We enjoyed their bacon waffle and omelet. Located inside The Quad Resort & Casino, which is undergoing major renovations now. Recommend valet parking. Large portions, so go there hungry!
2	This was my second time here, and it was more disappointing than the last.  My first time here I ordered the Andy's Sage Chicken (the Man vs. Food favorite), and I thought it was ok.  Nothing spectacular at all.  But my friends seemed to have enjoyed their meals a lot.  My friend is a Platinum member of Total Rewards so I didn't pay for this meal, hence nothing to complain about if you didn't pay for it I guess.  Plus we skipped the line, so I didn't have to wait.  I do need to note that the portion here are HUGE, so sharing entrees is an option here.   This time around, however, I was extremely disappointed in the food.  I came here a second time to see if maybe the food I ate the first time around was a bad day, so I gave this place a second chance.  After this experience, I really think this place is over-rated, and I can't understand why it gets as crowded as it does.  The wait on this particular Saturday was 45 minutes to an hour.  We finally got sat, and we ended up ordering right away since we were all starving.  I kid you not, it took an hour for our food to come.  And our server, Alonzo, noticed this too because he came over TWICE to give us the status of our food.  The first time it was because the table next to us that came 10 minutes AFTER we did and didn't order right away got their food 30 minutes before we did.  Alonzo informed us it was because his manager accidentally  put the food ticket in front of everyone else's.  Ok, fine.  The second time he came around, he apologized for the food taking so long and that it would be coming up.  He must have read our minds both times because we were talking about how long the food was taking.  I know the food is made from scratch and all, but are you churning the butter and digging out the potatoes from the dirt back there too?  Shoot, an hour for eggs and potatoes is too damn long!  I found the service from Alonzo to be very professional and courteous despite the disappointment and delay of the food. When we finally got our meal, we were no longer hungry anymore.  The ham, spinach, and cheese scramble was alright, the country potatoes had this weird sour after taste that had such a bad taste in my mouth I didn't even want to finish them, and the crappy home-made biscuits tasted like hard chalk  No, it wasn't fluffy and buttery, but bland, hard, and completely devoid of taste.  I decided that this was definitely a 2 star Yelp experience.  I was so disgusted by the experience I actually felt the need to speak to Alonzo and the manager about how bad it was.  If the food had been good, the hour wait would have been worth it, but no, the wait was a complete waste of time.  While the portions are big, that just means big portions of more tasteless and bad food.    Alonzo was completely understanding and offered to discount our bill for us.  He understood why we were upset at the experience and did not BS us. I asked him if we could speak to the manager.  This manager guy was less than professional and gave us bullcrap excuses for why everything took so long.  Hey man, your employee already told us you were the reason the guys next to us got their food 30 minutes before we did.  Secondly, I've been here once before and the food didn't take nearly half as long as it did this time around. Just take responsibility for your actions and be honest.  He gave us a 30% discount on our food, but I don't think this was enough to want to return to this over-rated restaurant or recommend anyone to even waste their time going.  I'll just take it as a loss.  However, it was enough to bump up it from a 2 star experience to a 2.5 star experience.   Despite all this, I don't recommend anyone to go here for breakfast.  The wait is too long for tasteless food.  Las Vegas is renowned for their world-class food, and this place isn't it, people.
3	I ordered a variety of things, bc I wanted to try so much.(Remember that the portions here are huge.)Banana Latte: DON"T BOTHER ordering this. This did not taste anything like bananas!I was so disappointed. I could have saved myself $9.The HH original benedict: Thumbs up. Its very tasty.Bacon Waffle: THUMBS DOWN. Its basically 4 pieces of square shaped waffles with two bacon strips baked into it.....I thought this waffle was going to have bits of bacon all over the entire things, cooked into it.:(Meatloaf: DELICIOUS.The one thing I loved about this place is the way they plate everything. The portions are huge ,but the way they plate it is very clean and colorful, not messy at all. Great Job.I will definitely be back to try more things.
4	Came here with my sister's Bachelorette Party, hungover and hungry before we headed back home.  We waited for about almost an hour.  It was super crowded and i had heard TONS of rave reviews about this place so i just had to taste for myself.Once we were seated, the waitress explained that everything is made fresh to order so it might take some time for our food to come out.  Actually, it didn't take long at all, even tho the place was packed with people.  I ordered the apple baked pancakes that had huge slices of green apple baked into the pancakes... DELISH!!  Another person in our party ordered the Fried chicken and waffle and it looked like an artful masterpiece!  SO TASTY!!  My sis ordered the breakfast quesadilla that she loved.  Portions are HUGE here so guaranteed you will not finish what you order.  But that's a good thing, cuz you get to have it again later (which you will definitely want again)This place is SO worth the wait!!  Definitely stop here the next time you are in SIn City.
4	Totally forgot to write a review so thought it'd be good to do it now =)Went here a couple weeks ago from a recommendation and boy was it worth it!Well just be prepared to curtail from eating for like a month cuz that's how much food they'll be serving you per dish hah.Seriously the troughs they give you are ginormous....we had to split our meals so many ways cuz we could not finish it all....good food though.....from the chicken and waffles, to the meatloaf......all quite tasty!!Really hidden gem here...oh try their watermelon juice drinks......pretty durn tasticle!
5	You can always win big @ Hash House!! Love this place!Always come back for breakfast here and feel like a happy high roller.Food is awesome, service is pleasant, decor is crazy fun. OVERALL: Great Vegas experience every time!!
4	They charge you for splitting a plate. :(Probably understandable because everyone would share if they were allowed, the portions are huge- Huge. I've eaten there three times now and each time  it doesn't even look like I put a dent in the food (and who really keeps leftovers in Vegas?). I think they should allow for smaller portions. It would save them money.The wait can e long. The portions are huge. HUGE.Chicken and Bacon Waffels were delicious.It was also featured on Man vs Food FYI.
3	BISCUITS!! HUGE BUTTERY BISCUITS IN SWEET BUTTERY SAUCE.  free as the "appetizer bread" of the meal.  ate one and was 80% full.Sage Chicken Benedict- a HUGE (head sized), unorthodox benedict.  a THICK layer of mashed potatoes, with heavy biscuits, topped with a HUGE deepfried chicken breast, tomatoes and spinach, and a fried egg-cheese mixture, all covered in yummy mayonasy sauce.  everything was good except that the chicken breast was bland and dry, and thats supposed to be the star of the show, unfortunately.  no sage taste at allWonderful service - very helpful and nice.  when my friends requested souvenier cups she gladly checked the stock, and got the last few cups for us.  she also very thoughtful and asked if we wanted separate checks, before closing the checks.this place is a-ok, i would just be prepared to bring some home.  you can definitely make 3 meals out of 1 order.
5	Once you make your way through The Imperial Palace (YUCK!!) and all the smoke and side shows you can sit down and forget what lies beneath you. Hash House is soooo worth me venturing through A Princess Bride type movie that is this hotel. Try everything, so go multiple times.  EXCELLENT FOOD!
4	Does this ever happen to you?You're in Vegas, hungover to the point where you secretly wish there was immediate access to a loaded handgun. Then you rationalize.Death won't even cure this hangover, so you go for the next best thing...an eating binge.Yes, only food and aspirins can help you now. But where to go? So many choices in Vegas. Here's what I do.Head to The Quad, wind your way down a seemingly endless maze of hallways, up a couple flights of stairs and voila...Hash House a Go Go.Ask the server for the most popular menu item. She'll be quick to tell you it's the Sage Fried Chicken. A mountainous glob of mashed potatoes, scrambled eggs, and of course, fried chicken, all suffocating under a lava flow of spicy, melted cheese. Snakelike, I unhinge my lower jaw, loosen my 501's, and begin entertaining curious onlookers with an eating frenzy even Jaws would admire.High fives from the staff as I waddled out, leaving a smoking trail of beer farts, crop dusting my once cheering adorers who are now face deep in their own piles of food.I went back to the room to chill, thinking; "I really could have used that handgun."
5	I cannot get over how much food you get for a (comparatively) low price!  We've been twice now - once before the Imperial Palace became the Quad, and once since the Casino has switched to the Quad. Now, it is nearly impossible to find, down deep, dark alleyways, passed the very cramped concierge desk, down some steps. I'm sure the management at Hash House is not too impressed with this... but it has lead to a much shorter wait time! Come hungry and in your Thanksgiving Day fat pants. Don't come if you "could eat, but not that hungry" or if you plan on hitting the pool later.  I had the Andy's Sage Fried Eggs Benedict. It's bigger than an NFL football, swear to God. Inch thick layer of real mashed potatoes, two ginormous biscuits, a full chicken breast fried to perfection, a layer of eggs, some spinach, another layer of cheese, then topped off with the most sinful chipotle hollandaise sauce. Now, I'm a 5'8, 130 lbs girl but I can eat, that's for sure. I put this plate to shame and left with half a biscuit on my plate - drawing quite the praise and congratulations from our server who was thoroughly impressed. This restaurant is more of a spectator sport. Dishes are brought out when they are done, they don't use heat lamps so if you have a large crowd, some people will be left without a plate until their meal is done. In the mean time, you gawk at everyone else's ridiculous amount of food and at those who are stuffing their faces. We come here for breakfast and don't eat until lunch the NEXT day :)
4	I took my mom here for brunch when she was visiting from out of town.  We had a good experience, the service was great and our waiter was very friendly! Our waiter warned us that the portion sizes were huge, so my Mom and I ordered a scramble and pancakes and I opted to make the biscuit that came with into a biscuit and gravy...  we were able to try a variety of items and still have food left over.  Overall definitely enjoyed the experience and the food was great and we had fun!
5	always good drunk food!!!    make a stop.. BIG ASS PORTIONS.. but when can eat when ur still hung over?
5	Totally forgot to review Hash House A Go Go. This restaurant is A-MAZ-ING especially the infamous chicken and waffles. What drew us to this mouth watering place were: 1) Adam Richman did the fried chicken eggs benedict challenge here (http://www.travelchannel.com/video/fried-chicken-eggs-benedict-12437) 2) Highly rated on Yelp 3) Recommended by a BM. All those factored combined, we HAD to trek our way over and taste it ourselves. The portions here are HUGE. You have been warned. We had 7 people and we shared two entrees and one side: Sage Fried Chicken and Bacon Waffle - One of THE best chicken and waffles I ever had. The chicken was moist, tender, packed full of juice and flavor while the waffle was drizzled with maple syrup and bacon BAKED inside! It was a good balance between sweet and savory. LOVE THIS DISH! As Jimmy McMillian says 'The Rent is Too Damn High', this dish is 'Too Damn Good"!! :) You will not go wrong with this staple meal. Just thinking about it makes my tummy grumble :(Original Eggs Benedict - served with some fruits on the side. Tasty but not memorable. I would have gotten the Adam Richman's challenge! *drool*Corn Beef Hash - with potatoes, scrabble eggs and swiss cheese. The potatoes were my fav in this dish, nom nom nom. This place is definitely worth a trip out to try if you're ever in Las Vegas. Oh, and it's now open 24 hours :O genius marketing/business strategy!! But just be warned, The Quad was doing renovations so it was like a maze to get to.
5	Great food and even better service. We were quoted a 40 minute wait by the hostess staff but was referred to the bar for faster seating. Even though we sat at the bar, the service wasn't any different.. Thanks bar staff, keep up the good work!
4	Very good and one of the few food bargains in overpriced LV. Especially if you share entrees as we heartily suggest. Try the Chicken & Waffles!
5	This place is a must go eat!  It's in the old Imperial Palace hotel now known as the Quad. The portions are huge. I recommend sharing a dish.  My mom and I spilt the eggs benedict. It was absolutely scrumptious . The red cream sauce was magically delicious.  All the staff here was very friendly and our server Brie was pleasant and very attentive.
4	Good food and large portions!! Kind of a drag to find, but just ask around and someone will direct u to the restaurant. We went on a Saturday around 1pm and the wait was around 35-45 mins. Not too bad!!
3	This place is pretty awesome! 3stars because i'm more of a health freak and i wanted some healthier options. overall, the portions are HUUGE,  I tried the Corned beef sandwich, onions were sweet, the beef was tender and juicy, the bread was lightly buttered, and the cucumber dressing on the salad was creamy and flavorful. Perfect complement considering it was 2am in the morning. on a separate visit, i had the salmon omlette which wasn't that great and was more on the fishy side and oily side(it was drenched with olive oil to cook the fish)  overall its a pretty awesome place. btw. the chairs suck .. they've been ruined by fat butts, so you tend to sink into them in an uncomfortable way where your arms are a bit elevated ... (mind you, i'm 5'7)
4	This is the second Hash House I have eaten at.  I gave the original in San Diego 5 stars because of its service.  Came in at 9 AM on a Saturday with a line and there were open seats because not enough servers on there.  Although, I think it is also reasonable to expect that this location customer service will not be as good as there other locations.  Had the Chicken and Waffles with a biscuit and i loved it!  Food wise, always a 5!  Also come hungry and you will always leave full.
5	Never ever go to Vegas without a stop at Hash House.  Be brave and get the fried chicken benny or chicken and waffles.  Everything is super tasty anyway - the meatloaf is a fav also.  Just go -  this place is SO worth it.
4	You get a lot of food, so just be aware of that. Pretty good breakfast, I would go again next time I'm in Vegas. Decent prices.
4	They told us our wait would be 30 minutes, but it was more like 10! yay!Our waiter was great. I ordered a scramble that had sausage, jalapenos, potatoes, and what I can only describe as chili-like. It was good. Needed more sausage, less potatoes. I also ordered a brown sugar banana flapjack. Big ol' 14" thing. Too ambitious on my part. We only ate maybe a 1/3 of it. It was good though. Bf ordered the Tractor Driver combo with french toast. It came with bananas that were cut length-wise and still had the peel on them. Interesting presentation. I noticed all the plates around us were served with fruit. Refreshing. Though their portions are huge! So that takes away that healthy factor. oh well!
5	Delicious!!!I had the griddles French toast. I don't even like bananas but the way they cooked them and served them was fantastic! The chicken sausage was pretty good as well.The service was great as well. We got there at 10am and didn't wait too long.We're going back tomorrow since we leave Saturday!
4	Amazing, delicious and absolutely filling! Worth trying it out!!
4	Start with the Bloody Mary while you wait. Vanilla Latte (better than the Honey Vanilla latte I just had last night only because it is less sweet. Watermelon "something" yes I have a pic.  Corn bread (you can see the corn). ... Best strategy might be to share.  but here is what I tried that was good. They are HUGE.  Milford Fried Chicken Sandwich. Sage Fried Chicken & waffles.   Hard to find, Quad .. down the hall ... up the elevator , then really crowded. :)
4	I would give 4.5 stars if I could.  Really yummy, creative comfort food with giant portions and relatively low cost.  Will definitely go again on our next trip!
5	One of my favorite places to eat! not just in Vegas but everI always come here when in Vegas, my favorite dish is "Andy's Sage Fried Chicken Benedict w/ maple reduction, 2 eggs, bacon mashed potatoes & biscuit" it sounds like alot and it is... but it is soo good. The flavor combinations are amazing. Nothing like I have ever eaten before. If your a person who does not like their food mixed or touching each other then do not order this. Everything comes on top of each other, which is how you have to eat in order to taste how good it is. I had a BLT Bloody Mary to wash it all down. And it is just like it sounds, Bacon, Lettuce and Tomato Bloody Mary, even with a slice of toast on topIf you have never been here you must go. Its a great place to eat. I have never had or heard of a bad meal coming from here. There is also a Bloody Mary bar where you can order one while you wait to be seated
5	Wow, the Sage Chicken Benidect was awesome!  The Yelp picture did this plate justice. At first I was going to go with the Sage Chicken & Waffles, but suddenly changed my mind when I saw the picture of this deliciousness while scrolling through the Yelp app photos prior to ordering.  The chicken was tender, juicy and flavorfull.  The mashed potatoes, biscuit, and chipotle gravy complemented the chicken just perfectly.  I definitely will be back again next time I am in VEGAS.
5	Huge portions, delicious meals, best breakfast 24/7!  Tried it 3 times in one week! First had the "basic" for $8.95, 2 eggs any style, mash/hash potatoes and I had my eggs over easy. They were perfectly done, all fresh and great service. Second time, had the mushroom and Swiss burger- photo added. It was delicious but giant! Nearly ate it all, but just couldn't ;) strongly recommended!!!
1	There is only one way anyone could possibly enjoy the bland taste of this frozen: microwaved food: You are totally plastered. That being said if you're hammered and just need to get some food in you, go for it, although you may wind up feeling like crap either way. No pun intended. If however you're sober and expecting dishes with taste and quality, save yourself the disappointment. If by chance you're there with someone, go ahead and drink a bloody mary or two until you can suffer the taste of the food. That is if you can stand the wait to get in or the worst service Las Vegas could ever dream of offering.
4	Nomnomnomnomlicious...Hash House is a solid restaurant at The Quad (formerly known as Imperial Palace) which opens late...or maybe even 24 hours (not sure on that). Every single dish here serves in large quantity. If you fancy a pancake with the size of your face + head, you will be happy here. We came here on the night before our wedding with my family. There were 10 of us and service was top notch. Food came out hot and tasty. A few of us have burgers and they looked mighty delicious. I had an Omelette with all the fixins and I was a happy camper.I love  Hash House, but I don't love the smokey filling of the place. It was on the top floor of The Quad and if you've ever been to Vegas you know how tight and smokey The Quad is. If you've never been to Vegas..well The Quad only has one smell which is Ciggys smell. We will be back whenever we are in Vegas for more late night giant food munching.
5	I love this place, food is more then you can eat and very delish! My first time eating here is in San Diego, hands down this place is AWESOME! Hash House a Go Go need to be on Man VS food/ Diner Drive In & Dives! U will not be Disappointed! TRUST ME :)
2	Ugh came hear hungry as helll so I knew whatever I ate was going to be bomb but I left disappointed. First off me and my friend got the man vs food sage chicken ginormous meal. His meal came with a piece of brown paper bag that he chewed on, in the middle of his biscuit. (Where did that paper bag come from?! It could have been a wrapper to anything in the kitchen!)The meal itself tasted alright. it tasted like a pile of breakfast items piled on top of each other. A lot of unnecessary carbs. Food network has failed me.
4	Came here for breakfast after drinking too much the day and night before. I needed something to refuel my body and give me energy. It was kind of hard to find this place because It's pretty hidden all the way in the back of the Quad Hotel.So for breakfast I got the Andy's sage fried chicken w/ fresh spinach, hardwood smoked bacon, market tomato, griddled mozzarella, chipotle cream and scrambled eggs on a biscuit   with mash potatoes. Even though you look and read it in your mind or out loud and sounds soooo delicious, it was just pleasant. It didn't wow me or had me like OMG but it definitely filled me up. Presentation  was awesome! It was a tower of awesomeness that I thought I could devour. The chicken wasn't bad because it was crispy on the outside and white meat in the inside. I wish the bacon was more crispy though instead of soggy because of the cream. The biscuit was huge and dense that I wan't really feeling it especially with the mash potatoes right under it. Mad carbs! The chipotle cream was really good as it had a little spice to it but wasn't overpowering. It was too much carbs though. Oh wait I said that.  It did cure my hangover but I don't think I would get this again although I am down to try other things on the menu. Other people at my table had the French Toast, Salmon, and the Chorizo on an iron skillet which all looked so good. Prices aren't bad either for everything. It got crowded around 11-2pm so go early if you want breakfast.
5	The best breakfast you will ever have!!! I have been to the San Diego location also and they are both very consistent! I highly recommend the Andy's fried chicken Benedict. I get it every time and am never let down. I would love to try other things on the menu as everything looks amazing but i just cant imagine anything tasting better. Always excellent and friendly service too! When you are in vegas this is a must try!!
4	First time and definitely a repeater. Tip:  try the crispy potatoes. The Kokomo was deliciously as was the corned beef hash which was made fresh (pulled corned beef), not canned.Service was great and friendly. Definitely a repeater.
4	Love this place!  I would definitely eat here next time I'm in Vegas.  The first time I came, I had the bacon-stuffed waffle.  Fantastic!  And huge!  I could only eat half of it.  The second time I came, I had the BLT Bloody Mary (spicy, tasty goodness with a good amount of alcohol), and the Hash that had meatloaf, peppers, cheese, and spinach.  It also came with scrambled eggs and a big-a** biscuit.  Again, huge portion of food and only ate half of it.  The potato hash dish did need a bit more pepper, but all and all it was tasty.  Highly recommend the BLT Blood Mary.  Good stuff, especially if it's the first drink of the day.
5	A good overall experience brought us back here again for 2 total visits in one vegas weekend trip. The wait was worth it both times (15 and 45 mins). Portions are huge, unique and delicious. Almost every entree has some sort of unique twist. Chicken n waffles were damn good as well as the bacon avocado scrambler.The place has a industrial yet clean, with a modern look and feel. The service was energetic  and attentive. I would definitely plan on coming back and plan on visiting the Chicago location near me in the near future.
5	Sage frie chicken and waffles was awesome my husband and I shared and were very happy with the meal
2	Not a gem. I will not be going back here. The food was stale, the portions too large, the noise level was insane, and the atmosphere was super dark and dreary for a breakfast joint. Also, the seating at most of the tables was very uncomfortable and awkward. I truly do not know how this place has gotten a lot of positive reviews. It's just plain not good. Do yourself a favor and go hit a higher end restaurant and get GOOD breakfast. the only redeeming factor of this place may have been the waiter we had. He seemed genuinely concerned with our experience, though the service was fairly slow. Oh, and in addition to these issues, I just felt that the place was dirty, I would hate to see the kitchen...
3	Andy's Sage Fried Chicken Benedict w/ maple reduction, 2 eggs, bacon mashed potatoes & biscuit. One of me. I tackled it in two meals: a very very hearty dinner and a delicious breakfast the next day. Felt the heartburn kick in halfway through the meal. The fried chicken is very crisp, mashed potatoes very rich, and the biscuit soft and buttery.Best post-meal idea is to walk around the Strip from one end to another and again to ease the food coma.
4	We rode the bus from Tropicana to the Quad to go there, and it was worth it!The prices are very reasonable for a breakfast in Vegas, especially considering the portions. If, as some reviewers mentioned, you don't like getting so much food or it's too much of a carb-bomb for you, then don't eat all of it! The last thing I'd complain about on the verge of a hangover on the expensive Vegas strip is that they gave me too much food. I got the sage chicken biscuits and gravy. It was enormous and really tasty. The best thing about it was the creamy sauce that I suppose was meant to be the gravy. The big biscuits are nice and fluffy inside. They were best with the homemade strawberry jam. The service was friendly but a little slow. Quite forgivable, since their s'mores mocha takes the server maybe 12 steps to make and seems to involve an acetylene torch.(FYI, it's a bit of a maze to get there from the street, especially with construction going on in the hotel. )This place has a quirky, fun character. I'm really glad I found it. It will definitely be part of my regular Vegas routine.
3	I've been to the San Diego location several of times and was excited to find out there were multiple LV locations. Because of all the construction at The Quad, it was a little hard to find. I was just glad there was no wait for a table - I thought it was more popular. The service was a bit slow during dinner even though they weren't busy at all. The portions are huge and you can probably share most of the dishes. I guess the price is okay because of the size but this is one time when quantity doesn't beat quality. Thankfully I had a Restaurant.com coupon (yay iPhone app) and saved $25 on the meal. Otherwise I would've been pretty bummed at the overall experience. I don't think I'll be back (to this location). There are so many other places I'd rather eat at on the Strip.
5	Bloody Mary while you wait? -Why yes, I think I will.  Seriously, it was a very good bloody mary.  I also decided that if I was going to indulge, I may as well try the Andy's sage fried chicken ( a Man vs. Food menu item).  As the other reviews mention, it s HUGE.  Fortunately, the taste matches the portion size.    A great find for your Vegas morning.
1	Will never, ever go here again.  Even though they did fix the issue and they apologized profusely, it is still unacceptable what happened to us.We arrived at our hellhole hotel (The Quad) at 9am and we couldn't check in until 12pm.  To waste time, we checked out the car show and then decided to have brunch.  Since HHAGG is in the Quad and had such great reviews, we decided to give it a shot.  It was packed when we got there but we ended up scoring a seat at the bar.When the bartender took our drink orders, hubs got a water and I asked for a chocolate milk - when it was served, it wasn't even the real chocolate milk...it was white milk with hershey's syrup pooled at the bottom!  It hadn't even been stirred!  Whatever...I choked it down while I perused the menu.  We ended up making our choices and I ordered the eggs/bacon/potato/biscut breakfast and hubs got the special burger they had that day.  The waitress got our order and then about 5 minutes later she got the orders of the people on other sides of us.  Well, we waited, and waited, and waited....we wanted to order mimosas to celebrate our trip but the bartender was MIA....we finally got so annoyed when she finally did show up that we just stuck with waters.  Finally they brought out food....to our neighbors!!  Bartender assured us twice that our food was "coming right up" but it seriously took over an hour from the time we placed our order to the time we got our food.  Reminder: I got freaking EGGS and he got a burger.  Unless they had to murder the cow and grind the meat right there, an hour is unacceptable.Whatever, I was irritated but hungry so I tucked into my eggs.  Eggs=meh - I ordered scrambled and they were partially runny and partially burned....neither of which I like.  Bacon was good, potatoes were great and the biscut and homemade jam were the jam!  I look over at hubs and he's looking a little green....he bit into his burger and it. was. raw.Like...still able to see the white bits of fat in the beef raw.  So after a few minutes of searching, we were able to flag down the bartender and she apologized profusely and said another one would be "right up."  It was obvious that this was a biiiig mistake because we had at least 3 people checking on us (managers and cooks) and apologizing profusely, and they even brought us out a free cornbread (phenomenal) for the whole issue.  However, it took another 20 minutes to get another burger - by that time I was done with my breakfast (1/2 of which he ate) and he wasn't feeling another burger anyways, so he took one bite and boxed it up.  He ended up throwing it out once we got to our room.  They did comp his meal but I would have been furious if they hadn't.  They did handle the issue as best as they could, but it shouldn't have happened in the first place.  Maybe, MAYBE would I understand if the food came out freaky fast, but if they couldn't get it right in over an hour, I don't know how they get anything right.
2	We were excited about eating here when we finally arrived through all the construction there were multiple tables open but we still had a 10 minute wait. The hostess was rude and was sure to finish her conversation with her friend before waiting on us. When we sat down the menu looked good and we ordered pretty quickly. We were told that food would arrive at different times because they didn't have heat lamps and they wanted it out hot. That was fine. But 20 minutes after my husband received his food, I received another menu, I was told our waitress knew they were out of what ordered she thought maybe they would get it. My husbands food was okay. Service was terrible. Do not recommend.
1	This place sucks.  Don't believe the hype, avoid this restaurant like the plague.  First off, this restaurant smells like Donkey poo.  That should be enough to ward ppl off but my friend insisted that I try the Chicken Benedict so we stuck with the plan that's what I ordered.  The platter is HUGE but it's all a sham!  The fried chicken patty is covered and smothered with cheese and gravy on top of 2 humongous biscuits, w/ a smidget of scrambled eggs, on top of a bed of mashed potatoes.  Scrambled Eggs?  WTH-- I ordered a frickin eggs benedict.  Not only that, but these were cafeteria eggs.  UGH.  I just got more and more sick from eating this thing.  Besides the fried chicken patty, everything else was just tasteless, dry, uneventful filler.  i hated this dish.  I left more than 3 quarters on my plate and I showed my waiter how I felt about the meal afterwards (photo attached)
4	We went here for dinner after some recommendations from some friends. It is buried a few floors down in the Quad, which can be a little bit of a pain to get to due to construction. We were told there was a wait to be seated, but when we looked in the restaurant, there were open tables everywhere. We were told that they were short staffed, but then he seated us quickly after that. For being short staffed, the service was totally acceptable. Drinks are moderately priced (for vegas at least). We all ordered different items: the swordfish, salmon, butternut squash/risotto, duck breasts, and the crispy pork (I think?). Pretty much everyone at the table was pleased with their food, and the portions are enormous. I thought it was one of the best deals on the strip, paying 18.95 for a good fresh meal over bland/overpriced room service or some bad buffet. All in all, if you want a fair priced HUGE meal, its a great place. I will be back on future vegas trips for sure. Their breakfast looked amazing, btw.
2	A few years ago we vacationed in San Diego and had amazing chicken and waffles from Hash House A Go Go.  On our trip to Vegas, we kept with tradition and decided to go there for breakfast.  We went the same weekend of a college basketball tournament, so the place was packed.  The turnover seemed pretty fast, and we only had to wait about 10 minutes for a table.  Their breakfast menu is intimidating, they have so many tempting options.  One tip, i remember from the past is that their portions are large.  We had been eating out all week, and i just wanted a simple meal.  I ordered the two egg breakfast with potatoes, bacon, and a biscuit.  The whole meal was bad, the only thing that was edible were the eggs.  The 2 measly strips of bacon had every drop of fat rendered out, it was way too crisp.  The potatoes, i did like the addition of the red onions, but they were bland, they needed seasoning. How do you name your self Hash House, and not serve amazing potatoes?   They have a biscuit or toast option, and i was never asked so i assumed they they would bring me toast, instead a very dense biscuit arrived.  My sister ordered the steel cut oatmeal with fruit, and as beautiful as it looked, it was poorly executed.  The banana was simply halved, and still had the peel on.  The melon was peeled but it was segmented into enormous pieces.  I don't think that when you eat out that you yourself should have to prepare you own meal.  Also, i don't know if this is standard or if someone in the kitchen was attempting art, but they smeared blackberries around the rim of the plate, it was very off putting.Overall, i was very disappointed at the lack of consistency within the restaurant chain.  I really hope that it was just an off day, because i  like what they stand for for and the dishes they are able to put out.
2	Worst Fried Chicken I have ever had. Came out super dry. Drier than Las Vegas' weather. Looks appealing and awesome but each bite was gruesome. You are better off buying a 10 piece bucket of KFC fried chicken. Service was not bad though.
4	We had a party of 15-20 people and some of us were lagging.  We tried to reserve a table and half of us wanted to get seated and eat already, but the staff wouldn't allow it.  Their rule is so lame.  So they say by seating everyone at the same time, it will allow them to give the best service where everything is organized and food all comes out together so their service won't get messed up.  I just think that this is another way of saying they don't know how to multi-task.  Just sayin.  Oh, and my friends were pissed about this stupid rule!  Having to wait for people with a hungry stomach is the worst! Anyway, finally we got sat and ordered...Everything my friends and I ordered looked incredibly good and mostly huge in portions.  We did it family style where we tried each others' food.Fried chicken bacon waffles were bomb.Corned beef hash was okay, but I wouldn't order that again.  The portion size was small.Sage fried chicken benedict looked mouth watering and it tasted good too.French fries were devoured in a heart beat.Caesar salad was so plain and small; I wouldn't get that again.The ribeye was huge and delicious.  Kiwi water lemonade w/ alcohol was good.  Make sure the waiter brings you one with alcohol in it if you order it.  There's a virgin type too, and the waiter had initially brought me this one.  Major fail!  And the drink is either not that strong or the sweetness of the drink masks the taste.
3	This place really lives up to its reputation.  The food was amazing and so was the service.  My concerns are to the location of this eatery.  Honestly I really can't believe the old Imperial Palace wasn't condemned and blown up.  Don't let the new name (The Quad Resort &Casino) fool you....its still the nasty Imperial palace...but hey!  Its Vegas and you probably wont notice because you are either drunk or hungover.
5	One of the best reasons to stay at the Quad in Las Vegas because this place is open 24 HOURS!! My group ordered everything to go so we could take it up to our room. The waitress at the bar was super friendly and made sure we had everything we needed so we didn't have to come back for utensils or anything. I got the Sage Fried Chicken Benedict ($17 with tax) which is a favorite of Adam Richman from Man vs. Food. This round, FOOD WINS. Why, you ask? It's ginormous. Thanksgiving gave a stamp of approval on the mashed potatoes.Jesus likes their biscuits.The South would be very happy with this fried chicken. This most interesting man on Earth picked the tomatoes and spinach from the freshest farms.Gordan Ramsay would claim the benedict sauce as "Duh-licious. Absolutely incredible."CHEESEThis was the only meal I had all day and I still couldn't finish it! Plus, it's perfect to help you keep a high tolerance to alcohol. So again..mashed potatoes, biscuits, fried chicken, tomatoes, spinach, cheese and ALL OF THIS SMOTHERED IN BENEDICT SAUCE. Best breakfast dish I have ever had. Hands down. I will now build a shrine to this dish.
3	This was ok, I was a bit let down, wanted to like it more based on the reviews here, but just didn't feel it.  Maybe I was disappointed in what I ordered, biscuits and gravy.  My lady had the chorizo/jalapeno scrambler and that was better.  I don't know man, something about the food, looked industrial or processed to me.  Like they hit and button and GLOP it appeared on the plate.  Just didn't look very appetizing to me, even in the pictures here on Yelp.  A very loud place, but we were seated pretty quick for a party of four.  Drink orders took a long time, but our server was very nice and helpful, got no gripe there at all.  Very reasonably priced for Vegas and the portions are rather large, someone told me to split the portions, but my lady and I are tough, we can handle it! Think our tab was about 52 bucks for both meals and three drinks.  I might go back and try something different next time, just sorta average to be honest.
4	Holy crap Batman!This place was amazing! Only waited 15-20 minutes for a table for 3. Bigger groups beware as it seems to be busy all day long.What we ordered:2x Sage Fried Chicken N Waffles1x Sage Fried Chicken Benedict2 Coffee drinks (Something with mint... cant remember!)I am only reviewing the Chicken n Waffles portion.Chicken was very flavorful, juicy, and piping hot! The waffles we soft and fluffy, also there was bacon in them too! I've had chicken n waffles elsewhere and this by far is the largest portion provided. The waiter mentioned they were large, but this was ridiculous! The food was good overall, but the main downside is that none of us finished any of our dishes. I want to say about 20% remained unfortunately after eating way too much!I recommend to share with people. Each dish easily feeds 2-3, maybe more, but it is still worth to try them out.There are other Hash Houses in Vegas but this was the closest for us.
4	Really really really good food! Talk about comfort food. The portions are big so come with an appetite and you should be fine. Dude, I actually had to share my meat loaf sandwich it was massive and not to mention the burger my daughter had she could barely finish half. I will be coming back soon but with a even bigger appetite next time lol :)
4	Wow! Great Service! The portions are HUGE! I didn't go with any of the gimmick menu items. I just had "The Basic." Two eggs, hash browns and bacon. It was only *$8.99 and it was just the right size for one person.
5	Sage Fried Chicken and Waffles!!! Plus the bacon waffles. That plate was massive but I had to finish the fried chicken. Had some leftover waffles though. The Arnold Palmer was made really well! I wanna try the other plates when I return. Gimme gimme gimme.
3	I was warned that it would be huge portions and i warned by husband as well...but why was it that he still wanted to order an additional pancake (that was bigger then my head)...i don't know. So they are famous for their chicken and waffle dish. Bacon stuffed waffle was good, chicken was kind of bland. I've had better chicken and waffle at numerous other places, however there is enough food on the plate to feed 2, may 3, people. Overall the food was okay, but it's definitely a bang for your buck if you've been losing at the tables in Vegas. Oh and the one in The Quad is now open 24/7.
2	We have been to a Hash House in another location and loved it so since we were here at the Quad we wanted to eat!! Lots of people waiting to get in but it went pretty fast 15 min. They took us to a booth/chair table. I sat on the booth and went to the floor!! MY HEAD WAS AT THE TABLE!! I sat on the chair and my husband sat on the booth with a throw pillow under him so he would be comfy. The lady who sat us didn't even try to help us with this. The waiter came and took our drink order and was friendly. As we waited my husband noticed his silverware was dirty so we got a fresh set.   My husband ordered Cornbeef Hash with eggs and potatos and a beer, I got salad with mango vinrigrette and sage chicken. The waiter came to us and said sorry our food is taking long but, he didn't like the looks of my salad it was all wilted so he sent it back. Yikes!! That was nice of him. Now everyone around us is eating but, us because of my salad.   We got our food and my husband loved his Cornbeef. My salad there were issues. DRY!!! We had to ask for more vinergrette, which took him a while and then he never came back and asked us how we were doing or even feel up our drinks!!! In which I was waiting for my ice to melt to drink something half way through eating. I had still old and wilted lettuce it was awful.   We will never go back to this location again!!!
4	I never understood all the hype about Hash House A Go Go.  I have some friends that completely adore it.  I had only been to the one in the Plaza and thought it was OK.  My 9 year old son and I had tickets to Recycled Percussion, which brought us into The Quad.  He thought this was the place he wanted to eat.  He got the kids cheese quesadilla and I got  a salad.  He also got a vanilla Italian soda and I got the half and half lemonade/tea.  The service was fast.  The waiter was attentive.  He also brought us biscuits, which my son enjoyed.  A waitress came by, said she had an extra order for fries and offered to my son.  He thought the food was good and the soda was an awesome new experience.  I thought the half and half was of high quality and the salad was better than I suspected.I was impressed with the fast waiter.  Overall, surprisingly positive experience.
4	Staying at Harrah's, I decided to try the Hash House at the Quad. Since the Quad is undergoing massive renovations, getting to it is quite the adventure but once I did find it, was worth it.  I had the corned beef hash, with plenty of shredded corned beef, you won't go hungry here!  I'll gladly return!
4	Hash House A Go Go is hands down my favorite place to go in Vegas. It has the remedy for hangovers and gambling busts. The food is great and the price is right. The portions are large but more importantly the food is fresh. Homemade bread for sandwiches, homemade biscuits for sopping up gravy or golden egg yolks from farm fresh eggs. This last time I tried the chorizo hash. Housemade chorizo piled on top of crispy fried potatoes with onions and peppers, all nestled under two eggs over easy (or any way you want them), and a biscuit snuggled into a skillet (instead of a plate). It was absolutely delicious! Don't go to Vegas without stopping here! Oh and now its 24 hours!!!!
5	Two (late) nights in a row and loving everything we've had so far! Had the corned beef hash, made with pulled corned beef that's apparently cooked daily...one of the best hashes I've ever had! The flapjacks are huge and delicious as well, so bring an appetite!  The graveyard shift staff was very friendly, despite undoubtedly fielding tons of heavily inebriated hordes of LV zombies. A special shout out to Tyler who served my wife and I both nights, he was great to chat with and a very efficient bartender/server. A fellow Oregonian too! Thanks Tyler, we'll probably be back tonight and the next!
4	Lots of great comfort food on the menu.  The inside has been recently redone and looks great.   I had the corned beef and hash.  The corn beef was pulled, and very tender.  Had lots of cheese, but was very good.  The chicken and waffles is outrageous, go for it, that's what I'm trying next time.
5	We got to the Quad for check-in around 2 am on a Monday night and were absolutely starving. Headed to this famous place at the suggestion of a friend. It was clean, comfortable and mellow at 2:30 am. There were a few people around us, so it was fun to hear the gasps when their giant plates arrived'Our server, Tyler, was the kind of person you return for - especially because of his knowledge, demeanor and care. I thought he was a manager, but he just takes his job seriously and respected everyone he was serving in a way not typically found on the strip. He had recommendations for us based on our questions... The corned beef hash was TO DIE FOR. We returned the following night for some dessert, and instead ended up ordering his rec of banana and brown sugar flapjacks. Dear God, he was right. I plan on eating here at least one more time before we leave! The menu looks limited, but anything you order will leave you in awe! Must eat here!
5	Yummy!! My boyfriend and I split the sage fried chicken and it was amazing! The portions are huge and the food is just delicious. My only complaint is that it took such a long time for our food to come out. It was worth the wait though! Also we were there with friends and so it was nice to have time to chat. Don't miss out!! There is one here closer to home and I will be visiting the local Hash House A Go Go very soon!
5	ONE OF MY FAVES!!!If you are going to Vegas must try. Servings are definitely big enough for two. They taste amazing and very affordable. Since you in Vegas thats a plus! I actually flew in pretty early so with the time difference i was starving.. Seems we got in right before the breakfast crowed so service and food were both great!! As we were leaving I noticed line down the stairs so may want to come early or after crowds. We had Sage Chicken and Waffles, Andys Sage fried chicken Benedict and a Scrambled Hash.. all three were YUM!!! I came July 2nd 2013Must try!!
4	Good food, great service.  You better come hungry- the portions are gigantic.  We had the French toast, the corn beef hash, and the Man Vs Food favorite Chicken Benedict.  Everything was good and I would recommend.
4	One plate easily feeds 2 people and a small child. The chicken and waffles here is the star of the show. Service was efficient.
4	I've been to the Hash House on West Sahara Avenue in Las Vegas, so I'm familiar with the food and the concept of fresh food. The restaurant is located on the second floor of the Quad hotel (formerly Imperial Palace). I look forward to the renovations in the hotel since it is really old with the dirty carpets. In addition, Hash House needs some more lighting. The huge portions never ceases to amaze me. I was already full just eating the biscuit, and I  I had the crab cake dish which came with two crab cakes, mashed potato with butternut squash, and a side of vegetables. Very hearty dish. Our waiter was great, so no complaints there. We had an early dinner around 5:30pm so we didn't have to wait in line. There was a sign posted saying that this place is open 24 hours a day.
3	We went to eat here twice during our visit to Vegas.  This is the only sit down restaurant in Quad Casino.  It was very busy both times we went.  The first time, we had the chicken and waffles.  This dish is as wonderful as everyone says.  It is full of bacon!  As in, bacon between the chicken and the waffles and bacon strips IN the waffles.  Hell gyeah!  The chicken was tender and crispy, but I wasn't a huge fan of the rosemary flavoring.  I didn't hate it though.  4 stars for sure.  The second time, I just had a standard breakfast of ham, eggs, potatoes, and toast.  Nothing special there.  I do like how they throw some fresh fruit on the plate though. This place is tucked deep inside the casino, so there is no natural light anywhere to be found.  So, it's kinda dark in there.  Me no likely.  Service was stellar both times I went.  I would definitely go back.  Portions are huge!
5	There really isn't a good reason  to give this place anything less than 5 stars.  People complain that it is too expensive... but the portion size is completely equivalent to what you pay.  In addition to that... the food was tremendous!  I highly recommend the "Man Vs. Food Favorite" (the Sage Fried Chicken Eggs Benedict). I loved it (and almost finished all of it.. and I'm a big guy).  It's a bit of a noisy atmosphere, but the staff is totally accommodating and friendly!!  I highly recommend this place (as do most all Yelpers who visit) for breakfast and/or brunch!
5	I love this place! A group of us went to Vegas this weekend and were looking for good quality food, reasonable pricing and good drinks!! we walked through the whole strip and my boyfriend found them on yelp and we thought we'd give it a shot. This places menu is mind blowing! (similar to 50/50 slaters in pasadena, CA.) I used to live in vegas and this spot was never there.. so thankful to discover this treasure. from now on, on all my Vegas trips I will be coming here. Their also open 24hrs!! prices are very cheap and very large portions. I ordered the sausage w/ gravy biscuits, mashed potato and fruit plate mmmm... so good! everything everybody else ordered I tasted and was excellent as well. Presentation is a 10!!! both thumbs up!
5	Chicken and bacon filled waffles. Can't go wrong!  Plenty to split a meal!
4	Yay hash house! I heard great things about this place for years and this was the first time I was willing to wait for it. My group of 3 came around lunch time and was notified that the wait for our table would be around 25 minutes. Due to not having all of our people there at the same time, we had to postpone our wait time but the hostess was very patient. We were able to just go up to her when all of us were there and we would get a table as soon as possible.Once seated, we looked over the menu and decided we would share our food. We ended up getting the Sage Fried Chicken and Waffles and the Corned Beef hash. We shared 2 dishes with 3 people, it could have easily served 4. Sage fried chicken was pretty good. We asked for the syrup on the side because I had a previous experience with another Hash House where it was overwhelmingly sweet. Without it, the waffles were good. They were soft and had bacon cooked in them. The chicken itself was tender and the skin was crunchy. As for taste, it was excellent. The corned beef hash was not as flavorful as I hoped it would be. The corned beef did not really have a prominent taste and I kind of wish the strips were a little bit smaller in size. The potatoes were the only saving grace for the dish - i love me some potatoes.Service was excellent. Our waiter was very helpful and friendly. I dock 1 star because of the long wait time for our food. It took about 40 minutes for our fried chicken to come out and even longer for the hash to come. I guess we were lucky though. The table next to us waited over an hour for 2 burgers.Come here for an experience like no other! Will try the sage fried chicken benedict the next time around.
2	I'm assuming this is the location inside the Quad (formerly Imperial Palace)We went for breakfast on a friday morning so it was pretty crowded but we got seated within 15minutes. The waiter was very informative, almost to the point of being insulting so that rubbed me the wrong way. he asked if we had been there before and then explained about the large portion sizes and stuff and then left us to figure out what we wanted.and left us.... and left us... and left usand finally came back to take our orderi wanted eggs, bacon and pancakes (i'm boring) and he asked what i wanted in my pancake (berries, walnuts, etc)i said "nothing, just a plain buttermilk pancake"he said (with a disgusted look on his face) "uh, this isnt IHOP, these arent ordinary pancakes."i assured him that i just wanted a plain pancake and he shoo'd me off and walked away.the portions were big but they werent anything to write home aboutthe guy killed it for us though. wont be going back.
3	Wove through the maze of the hotel to find this location, which wasn't particularly easy. It was totally freezing inside, which i'm sure during the worst part of the day is great, but at 8am, it was a little much. We were seated and had coffee quickly. Food came out superfast, was fresh and, obviously, plentiful. I ate about a quarter of the Sage Fried Chicken Benedict, fed some to my fellow diners, and took even more back to our hotel for others. The chicken and biscuit were moist and flavorful, the bacon was crispy and plentiful, and the potatoes were great. I pushed aside most of the sauce on top and just went for the chicken -- sauce on the side would've probably helped control the balance better. I cannot imagine anyone eating this whole crazy thing. I wish there was a tasting portion so that you could just have three perfect bites, as I think that that would be more satisfying and in line with how I like to eat, but I totally get that that's not the idea here.So, bring your friends (or let them sleep in and bring them leftovers), and come early, and it seems like the worries about sogginess, slowness, etc., aren't an issue. But bring a sweatshirt. Brr.
3	Overall my experience was good. After we sat down our waitress swung by to say she'd be right with us. It was mid breakfast, so the place was pretty full. It did take a long time to get water though. Our waitress was friendly & knowledgeable about the food. She had good suggestions, and we had a good experience with her. The portion size is definitely huge! I got the biscuits & gravy! Being that I lived in the south I had high expectations! The gravy was phenomenal, but the biscuit was a bit dry. My friend go the hot & sticky granola & it came with an assortment of fruit. It looked delicious & she seemed to enjoy it! We enjoyed our breakfast, the atmosphere was nice. I just think next time I would go during a time of day where I knew it might not be as busy.
5	Holy cow!!! They don't serve your food on a plate, they serve it on a big platter!! So much food that if you're not a big eater, I suggest sharing a plate.My husband and I came here with the family and we both got different dishes to share. I ordered the granola waffles with eggs and a side of sausage. At first granola waffles didn't seem to appetizing but I wanted to try something other than the regular vanilla waffles. Every single bite of that granola waffle was yummy!! Every bite tasted fresh and not frozen. My husband ordered the chicken and waffles and that tasted fresh as well. The chicken was juicy, nicely seasoned, and did not taste greasy at all! This is a hot spot for tourists so if you're coming here I suggest you come early! We went around 11am and the waiting area was crazy! They are also remodeling the hotel so can you imagine we were like a herd of cattle waiting for our party to be called. I think for our party of 7 we waited between 30-45 minutes, but so worth it. Per our waiter, Lawrence- he said the best time to come is on Wednesdays. If you have kids, don't bring the strollers if you don't have to. Although the dining area is big, they ask that you leave your stroller behind the hostess area, which is pretty small.For the amount of food you get, the price is totally worth every bite! Consider me a fan and next time I'm in town we're definitely eating here again!!
4	Absolutely Loved this place!! When I came there was a 5 minute wait not bad for a place well known. I ordered the Chicken Eggs Benedict and my boyfriend had ordered the meatloaf and hash. The restaurant wasn't at all busy which was great for us because then we'd get better service and have our food out faster. Unfortunately the server we were given with was really nice when he did come around but for the most part disappeared. I watched the other servers and seen that they kept checking on their tables making sure that their drinks were refilled and if everything was going well. Our Server only came around to take our order, drop off our food, and drop off the bill. The rest of the time I never even saw him around the area. When our food came we tripped out on the portions because they were HUGE!! The flavor was yummy nothing like I have ever tasted!! and the price was really affordable..
5	My husband and I came here after hearing all the rave about the place. We walked here all the way from our Hotel New York New York, which wouldn't be such a bad idea, except for the fact that we were almost starving for food and it was so hot. We got to the place finally  and it was PACKED!! People waiting everywhere, it's a bit hidden so I really wasn't expecting such a big wait. We waited 45 minutes for a table. Our waiter was GREAT! I told him I woke up craving a waffle, scrambled eggs, hash browns, and biscuits & gravy. He put something together for me that included all those things but since they don't have hash browns I got country potatoes. Everything was Excellent!!! It was sooo good I wish I could've finished it all. The waffle was HUGE took up the whole plate. Its a big place with a good look and even better food! I will be going back for sure
5	Incredible! Arrived at 10AM on a Thursday, no wait, seated immediately. Food was outstanding, I recommend splitting a dish between at least two people. Very fresh, fast and delicious
5	It's now in The Quad! Not imperial palace!This was pretty bomb. Most chicken and waffles to me are just bleh... because its literally just chicken... and waffles, neither of which were particularly made special.Beware, their portions are HUGE! Sharing is caring!-[[ Sage Fried Chicken and Waffles]]-The chicken as so juicy and seasoned well!!! I think this is one of the things that make their chicken and waffles so different from others. I've had Roscoes... and its just MEH compared to HHAGG. Their waffles are OMG BOMB!!! It had bacon running through it!! Genius if you ask me!!! The waffles were crispy on the outside and warm and fluffy on the inside. -[[ Farm Scrambled ]]-The eggs were cooked to perfection and the potatoes were irresistible! -------This is a great place for an early breakfast or a late night snack after partying a little too hardy.... =) Great comfort food! -{{ Overall tastiness experience }}-I give it 5 stars for the best chicken and waffles I've ever had.
3	I love benedicts and I was craving a good been- I read some Yelp reviews and found Hash House A Go Go and decided that would be my breakfast place. I also looked online and the menu seemed delicious and I love fresh, organic and farm food. I ordered the HH Original benedict. I knew I would miss my hollandaise sauce but the roasted cream sauce sounded interesting. The service was great and the food comes out super fast. It was huge to my surprise. It was pretty bland to me and what makes it huge is the super enormous scoops of mashed potatoes and two fluffy biscuits. It's a total carbohydrate nightmare. I ate the sauce and the eggs and a few bites of potato with biscuit. But I still craved my traditional benedict that I originally had my heart set on. I should have ordered a scramble instead because there is a lack of protein in this dish. This is in the Quad Casino and there is a lot of construction going on in the casino so it can be hard to find - just follow the signs or ask someone. If you like carbs- then you will probably like Hash House A Go Go. This place will make you fat.
3	So much hype. I have bookmarked this place since my first trip to Vegas when I was 21, and all I have to say is FREAKING FINALLY after how many years? Goodness! NOW OPEN 24 hours?! Wait, what?First off: PACKED. 30-45 mins wait. Note that if you are a larger party, you will be waiting longer (5+ people = large). How they do their seating is: smaller parties first and then large parties. And you all have to be presented to be seated. If you check in with the host saying how many groups before you, she/he will not tell you that it's one SMALL/LARGE group before you - FYI.Service: Our waitress was sassy at first. Maybe because it was a busy Saturday and everyone got on her nerves, but it was definitely not early... We went around 11 close to noon and it was crazy packed. Later on she was attentive to our needs and became nice. We tipped her anyway!Food: LARGE PORTIONS. I cannot stress that enough. So if you're a hungry hippo, you'd be satisfied with your own plate, for sure. But a girlfriend and I split a dish. (I don't know what they're popular for, I just heard great things about this place). I ordered the Egg Benedict Smoked Salmon = HUGE. Nicely decorated and visually appealing; so good enough to eat for sure with a side of crispy potatoes. I wish it didn't have the biscuit, it made the dish extremely heavy. The dish included: cheese, eggs (duh!), dried tomatoes, spinach, salmon (not a lot at all), biscuit and mashed potatoes (starting from the top to the bottom layers). So definitely a heavy plate with the potatoes and biscuit. The flavor was in the middle, like some bites were very bland and others were good.I was actually not satisfied with my order. And it was on my end, not the restaurants. I should have went with the salmon scrambled dish - had a bite out of that and OMG so baaamb! Venue: It's in confusing area - The Quad, and parking was a hassle or whatnot. The restaurant is actually really big, and I couldn't tell because the way it's laid out. Definitely would come back and try another dish - maybe dinner time since it was so packed for brunch!
5	You know a place is delicious when you go there twice the same day. That's right. We started the day here in the morning and ended the day here late at norther chicken and waffles are amazing, out of this world good. I seriously had to force myself to eat it all since there was no way to take leftovers with me and surprising enough i wasn't bloated... We went again after Recycled Percussion's show(amazing show btw) and we split the waffles between 2. I didn't have the egg Benedict so i cant review on it.
4	Loved this place, from the line thought we were going to have to wait awhile...they told us like 30 mins. it was less than that, got seated and told about the menu and drinks...Me and my Wife decided to share the Sage Chicken and Bacon Waffles...yeah that right I typed Bacon Waffles...lol and let me tell you it was delicious...2 nice pieces of chicken and 4 Bacon Waffles....Bacon cooked on the inside of the Waffle..crazy right. It was sssoooooo good if you ever in Vegas you need to check this place out, strongly recommend...enjoy.
5	Came here for a friends birthday. Accommodated our large group no problem, gave my friend a free birthday shot, got excellent service and dined on some out of sight Americana. Don't miss on the chicken and waffles, best I've had and probably ever will have in my life!
5	Bar none, best chicken and waffles I have ever had! My family and I came here to eat while in town, and even before leaving the restaurant, I had to write this review. If anyone says this place isn't good, I'll tell you that they are completely wrong. And the portions are enormous!!Yes, for some people, it might be a bit pricy, but what restaurant in Vegas isn't? Overall, could not ask for a better dining experience.
4	My biggest quandary with this place is whether I'm going to be going back there by myself in October when I'm in Vegas again, or if I have to drag my cousins along....  Oh Hash House, you go-go with the yummy food!  My girl friend loves this place so much the nut bought everyone t-shirts to wear in Northern Virginia.  She said she couldn't stand to be the only person wearing their T-shirt.  And yes, we were so jealous when she went back to Vegas without us for a conference and took pictures to send our way.  (There were some names that were used in text exchanges, but thats neither here nor there.) We were just there in June.   And nostalgically I recall that someone ordered their pancakes...stupid enormous, I had french toast and a side of biscuits and gravy.  Did I say side?  More like a HUGE portion for one.  Hubby had corned beef hash and says it was too good to not continue eating.  (I know he over did it because he could barely eat ONE In and Out Burger 4 hours later!)  We went really early in the morning for breakfast and they were empty.  Still, we liked going through the maze that is the Quad to go up the escalator to the yumminess that awaited us.   Given that there are so many awesome places to eat, we didn't eat there again, but its on our list of places to hit up without a DOUBT!  Service was prompt, the place was clean and well maintained, and food was DELISH!!!  Can't wait to go back again.  Now.....I heard they have a location in Chicago too....hrmm......
4	This place has been hyped by my friends who are Vegas regulars and now I know why - this place is GREAT.  Had the opportunity to go 3 different times and each time the food was great, the service by the wait-staff was just as impressive.....with the exception on one of those days, one of the hostesses on duty was pretty pretentious and kind of a total "b", she let me know the wait time would be 10 minutes because of the lunchtime rush...which was no problem, but after 30 minutes, we were not seated.    I would have been "OK" if she would have apologized if she had forgotten to seat us but instead, she said, "Oh well, deal with it."  That comment irritated me - which was clearly visible...to which the second hostess apologized and quickly found a seat for my group and I.  I ordered my meal of their signature dish - chicken and bacon waffles and their rosemary infused ice tea....to quote Robin, "Holy super sized meal, Batman!"....the portion was more than generous - I was able to share my meal with a friend and had enough food to take back to my hotel and share with another friend who had stayed behind to "nurse a headache".  After I paying  the bill, gave my  server a nice tip because he made sure all of his assigned tables were being taken care of.  As I walked past the hostess station, I gave the hostess who seated me and rectified the situation a tip as well.  As I gave her the tip, I noticed the hostess who ticked me off look over and I shot her a look and used her words, "Oh well, deal with it!" and walked out.  I went back the following day for breakfast and what a different experience - great service....and the eggs benedicts and BLT Bloddy Mary were delicious.  By the way, the Hash House, is open 24/7...so, don't pay attention to what the Hash House website says.    ....and don't mind the remodeling being done at the Quad Hotel.
2	Gluttons and Fatties unite!Unfortunately, Hash House was a No Go for our party of 4.  While seated relatively promptly, we were forgotten about until we approached the hostess who summoned our server in order to have our order taken.  The wait time for our food, which only consisted of only two dishes, as a single dish can easily feed a European family of 4, took a surprising amount of time to arrive, given that it was past the usual breakfast dining time and just before the lunch period.  Our waiter was friendly, however, the breakfast food items were average in flavor.  Portion sizes rival the waist sizes of the patrons - HUGE, so order wisely as nearly everyone, including the plus size customers were leaving large amounts of food, incredibly wasteful food concept restaurant.
5	Awesome as always. Bring an appetite!
5	best dish is the eggs benedict! plates are huge you can split them for sure. always fast service but always a long wait. get the bloody marys while you wait
1	The one at M, at the south end of the valley is great, this one is NOT.  Food- bad.  BLT Mary's - so so- not a good as the M.  Service- non-existent.  Seriously- I walked over a mile to get to this place because I like the one at the M.  Go to the M.  This was a nightmare.
3	We tried out this place due to all the hype off of man vs food. First, this location purely sucks! it was hard finding it, it was random where it is at, ghetto feeling casino that felt dingy dirty etc..interior decor of the restaurant was lack luster.... the hostess came across unprofessional regarding her demeanor. Food wise: we ordered the sage chicken and split it due to its size. Hands down this was a unique dish with a wonderful array of flavors. However, i didnt expect overcooked chicken, hard biscuits etc... I would try another location but not this one...
5	Thank goodness this place hasn't gone anywhere! The Imperial Palace where it's housed is turning into the Quad so I was nervous that I'd lose my beloved Hash House. This place continues to be one of the best eateries in Vegas. It's my consistent breakfast haven for excellent, fresh, tasty food in eye popping portions! Bring your appetite, stretchy pants and be prepared to EAT. Their veggie hash is one of my favorites but this time I got the brown sugar and banana pancake. This thing needs to come with a side of insulin. The brown sugar is fantastically crispy and caramelized and the bananas soft and sweet-you don't even need syrup on this thing! Since I LOVE sweets though it was perfect!!! Had a great server who kept us filled with water and coffee and had a great attitude and politeness. I love this place!!
5	Love hash house!!!!!!!!!! Amazing food ginormous portions and great prices!
5	Amazing breakfast!! HUGE portions. Corned beef hash & banana pancake is delicious & shareable. Service with Scotty was above & beyond!
4	Very unique food and presentation.
4	Me and the hubby ordered the meatloaf sandwich.... We should have ordered just one and split it it was sooooooo huge.... but so delicious and we had leftovers.
4	This place was recommended to me and I am so glad it was.  6 of us dined here and everyone was pleased with their meal.  My very discerning Aunt LOVED the grilled cheese sandwich.  It takes a lot to please her.  We are definitely coming back when we are in Vegas!  There are many other things I want to try.
4	I have heard a lot about this place but never got to try it till now. We had to wait about 30 min because they where busy, but it was well worth the wait! The pancakes are huge and delicious :-) I had  chicken and waffles and they where amazing!! No one at our table finished their plate because the servings where huge! If you have never been it is well worth it just arrive hungry, and you will leave full.
4	I went here at about 4am after drinking wayyyy too much and walking the strip wayyy too long in heels. LOVED IT!!! The portions are huge! It was recommended to me by a guy that I met on the strip. Great suggestion. I honestly only gave in and went because Adam Richman went and I loved watching Man vs Food. Sidenote: I didnt go WITH the guy that I met on the strip. My niece and I loved the food. I got the chicken and waffles and she got a pumpkin pancake. I was upset the waffles had bacon in them as I dont eat pork but the chicken was TASTY!!! It looked like a work of art. The pancake she had was bigger than her head! The waitress was nice. She looked like she needed to retire but she was efficient and pleasant. It was very cold in the restaurant. The place was full for 4am though. We had to wait about 10 minutes to be seated. The hostess didnt seem like she really wanted to be there either. Oh well, I went for the food. Great food! You should go!!!
4	Wanted to go to Bacchanal, but couldn't wait 2 hours in line so hubby suggested we go here.I am glad we ate here.  Like many of the review stated, the portions are HUGE!!!!  The food is pretty good consider it is located in the Quad hotel. Everything we had were great!  We will go back and try the chicken & waffle next time when we are in town!
3	ehhh honestly kinda disappointed! I the San Diego Hash house A Go GO so when I saw they had a location in our hotel I was so excited... The service was great I don't remember our servers name bu she brought me extra olives for my bloody Mary I remember that! Speaking of the Bloody Mary it was really good. But the food hmm not the same quality as the SD Location I was sick all night after eating the burger I know its 1 ilb of meat but I only ate one quarter of the burger and after my stomach ache in the middle of my vacation I realized it was probably not quality meat. well when in Vegas  you have to expect  quantity over quality I guess...
2	Came in around 4am to soak up some alcohol.  Was seated quickly and waiter was attentive.  I had seen the Man Vs. Food show about this restaurant so I was excited that it was still open.  I ordered the bacon, onion& swiss scramble with a stale biscuit apparently.  Had about 5 bites and was done.  Bathroom was downstairs in the casino, kind of a pain and you can tell the hostess hates having to tell people they have to go back down to the casino.
4	Without a second thought, I would have given them a 5-star, if not for the long wait time after ordering the food.Unfortunately, like most breakfast places, you cannot make a reservation. So, you'll have to come in, write your name down and then wait! We stayed at the Quad and wanted to come here for breakfast on a Saturday morning. When called them from our room, they said the wait time was 30min. So we came down to write our names to get on the wait list. And when we did, the lady said that the wait time was going to be 45min. We waited.Finally, our names were called and we took our hungry selves inside the restaurant. Here is what we ordered: - Coffee - Scrambles (Smoked chicken, sundried tomato pesto, spinach and goat cheese) - Waffle - PancakesWe got the food 50 minutes after placing the order. So frustrating. But the meal turned out to be fantastic. The portion is big enough for 2 people to split. 6 of us split 3 dishes and we left the restaurant with a full stomach and a satisfied breakfast.
5	Wow, this place was amazing! Ever had that thought when you go to an All-You-Can-Eat Buffet and you're friend packs mountains of food on his/her plate and the only thing you can think of is "O.M.F.G. SO. MUCH. FOOOOOOOOOOOOOOD."Kinda like that, but you order it.One of the places I HAVE to go when I go back to Vegas!!
5	This is a must eat when in Vegas and has been for every trip I have made. Both times I have gotten the sage fried chicken, once atop an eggs benedict and most recently as the famous chicken and waffles. I highly recommend the chicken and waffles, it's all sorts of food goodness. There's bacon infused in the waffles, the chicken is juicy, fried with corn flakes and drizzled with a hot maple reduction, and topped with fried leeks. Awesome!  A+ for the bloody mary BLT which came topped with an actual make your own BLT, which was a perfect snack while waiting for our food.
5	What a great place. We first saw it on Man VS Food. We were defiantly turned on buy the portion sizes. We were promptly sat as we walked in and instantly served by our waiter. My wife had a tractor driver with a pancake, I had a tractor driver with a waffle. The bacon was crispy and delicious, and the portions were even bigger then we imagined. And to top it all off we both had a giant glass of milk! The food was great, and our waiter was very prompt and courteous, and we only $33 (not including tip). We will be back!!
5	This is the place that I have been searching for all my life!!!! I wanted a place that offered a unique culinary experience and boy did we get it here!!! Service was impeccable; Steve was awesome and delivered great service. The wait was 40 min for our group of  9, but it was so darn worth the wait!!! I literally wanted to order everything on the menu; they're known for their hashes and Benedicts. Keep in mind that you aren't going to get the traditional Eggs Benedict with hollandaise sauce.  Instead, they create their own special sauce and everything we ordered was delicious! We ordered:Sage Chicken Benedict: Crispy Sage infused chicken on top of a mountain of carbs (2 grape size biscuits and mash potatoes) smothered in a creamy Chipotle sauce with sauteed spinach. One word: Heavenly. Meat Loaf Hash: Meat loaf was tender and well seasoned. Best part, you didn't overdose from the salt because there was barely any! Blueberry Pecan Pancakes are as gigantic as a large pizza and was crispy on the outside and moist and fluffy on the inside. Sage Chicken & Bacon Waffles: This meal changed my life. I never understood the hype over Roscoe's Chicken & Waffles or the new Lays Chicken and waffles potatoes chips, but this dish seriously was the best ever!! The sage not only elevated the super juicy and tender chicken, but the fried leeks seriously took the dish to the top level. I wish they had chopped bacon bits throughout the waffle rather than just one strip, but their homemade maple syrup wasn't overly sweet, so the juxtaposition of sweet and salty was like an explosion in your mouth.  We are definitely coming back here every time we're in Vegas.
4	Great food with super huge servings.  My husband and I shared the chicken and waffles and it was perfect serving for the two of us.  There is always a wait but i will tell you that is was well worth it.  Located on second floor of quad resort.  Hostess and servers all friendly and food comes with fast service.
5	Just returned from a great trip to Las Vegas.  We won enough money to cover all of our expenses and some purchases.  Regardless of how good our luck was, the part I cannot stop thinking about was Hash House a Go Go.  We are returning to Las Vegas in October and will for sure be eating here again, at least one time.  On our trip my wife has the Biscuits & Gravy while I had the Andy's Sage Fried Chicken & Waffles.  Both of these were fantastic, as well as our server (she may have been the bartender?) Kye.  Couple things to know:-You may not get your food at the same time at the table (they do not have heat lamps).  Our server told us this up front, we couldn't care less.-The portions were ridiculously huge.  I can take down a TON of food, and i could not finish my waffles (probably could have had I not ate a bunch of my wife's food).-The drinks, (in comparison to other specialty drinks in LV) were fairly priced - $8 for 20oz.  I had the Champagne Supernova with my breakfast and thought it was wonderful.We have been to probably 30+ restaurants on the strip ranging from uber expensive to very cheap.  Overall this is the most pleased I have been at any restaurant in LV, and I cannot wait to go back.  I was referred by my brother (much more of a foodie than I) as he thought t was awesome, and I have heard from other friends (after the fact) that they loved this place too.
4	Wanted to give it 4 1/2 stars. Took away a half star for the long, long wait.wait forever to get a table and then everything is cooked to order so...another long wait and we were starving. A bit hard to find, but loved the food. Atmosphere leaves a bit  to be desired and the wait staff tries really, really hard but even charm school probably wouldn't make a difference. Portions are outta control but plate lickin' good grub.
3	If you're looking for bang for your buck and by that I mean HUGE portions, this is a quality place to eat.  While there are definitely other places on the strip with higher quality, more flavorful food, most of them aren't offering portions this size.I had  the Sage Fried Chicken and a Bloody Mary.  The Bloody Mary was the first one I've ever tried and it was delicious.  Peppery, with the perfect amount of Vodka mixed in.  The fried chicken was average and the bacon waffle was a little disappointing.  They basically throw a bunch of full pieces of bacon into the batter, throw it in the waffle iron and call them bacon waffles.  Good try, but the waffles just didn't have the flavor that I was looking for.It wasn't a bad meal by any means though.  For the price, I definitely feel like I got my money's worth and I wouldn't be against coming back to this place next time I'm in Vegas.
2	My friends & I have been to the San Diego location & have been raving about Hash House A Go Go ever since.Unfortunately, the Las Vegas (Quad) location sucked. It was pretty boring. Staff seemed rather blah. You would think that being in Vegas the staff would be more lively. When we got there we sat for almost a good 20 minutes before anyone approached our table. The only saving grace was that our waiter who was an older gentleman was super nice. Other than that..this place is boring & even the food isn't the same. What a shame! San Diego location is MUCH BETTER.
5	Awesome food and only had to wait 15 minutes or so.  I highly recommend you take the time to check it out.
5	This place is thee best place to get large portions with little price to pay. It reminds me of Claimjumpers but cheaper.
5	This is one of my favorite places to eat. Everything on the menu is absolutely amazing and you get huge portions! My favorite is the tractor driver (gigantic pancake with eggs)...yum:) Their drink menu is also a must see. This location has a much bigger kitchen which means less of a wait time than the one on Sahara! Come check it out..you won't be disappointed.
5	I absolutely loooved this place!  The food is fairly price and they give you large portions.  I had the chicken biscuits with sausage gravy and cheddar cheese eggs which is my favorite brunch menu item.  When me and the hubby go back to Vegas, we are definitely going to hit up this spot again!
5	We went here for brunch and let me just say Delicious my husband and I had the famous Andy's sage fried chicken Benedict and the banana flapjacks The meal fed both of us The flapjacks also fed both of us amazing Definitely going to keep coming back here every time I'm in Vegas I forgot the waitresses name but she did a outstanding job in customer service
4	Gluttony in its best form.  HUGE portions (even for Oklahoma standards, lol).... I mean I ate for 30 minutes and it looked like I hadn't touched it. It's definitely good, but I'm pretty sure I'll be sharing next time!  I had the chicken and waffles and the husband had a skillet of some sort.  Both were great!  Bloody Mary's are enormous and can be taken to-go! Win!
5	Good food and great service. Big portions. Shared Andy's sage fried chicken Benedict with my husband, and we didn't even finish it.
5	So good for brunch. I have previously went to the location at the M Hotel, located south before the strip. The menu provides Indiana style plates. This time around I ordered the chicken and waffles and Andy's Sage Fried Chicken. Both hit the spot for flavor. The pineapple mimosa is great to compliment your meal. Hash House A Go Go is best for sharing. No one should order two of the same because it's best to have everything at the table different to get a variety from the menu. You and your friends can create your own mini buffet at your table. Family style - yummy!!! Quick tip - waiting time isn't so bad, but to make it interesting, I suggest to order a Bloody Mary.
4	The food is quite good but this review is based on myself going solo.  I was able to walk in and sit at the counter, order, and eat within 25 minutes.  Had it been more than myself I'd have waited 2 hours and probably have gone elsewhere.  The portions are enormous and you should be splitting with at least one other person.  Overall though, a must stop when in Vegas.
3	This was our second time to go go. Food was great. 45 min. Wait. Service was poor. There were 4 of us. 2 got our food and we were almost done before they could get the other food out. Had to beg for refill on coffee. Waiter was never around and was just to busy for him to keep up..Go to Du-pars at the golden gate casino downtown. Best little kept secret in town. Best pancakes in the world, better service at half the price.
5	Awesome food!! Had to laugh that they tote that they don't have microwaves and heat lamps. One of the best chicken salad sandwiches ever.
5	Heard lots of buzz about the place and I see why...the portions were huge, but that's good by me. I'm also very understanding so it takes quite the mess up to make me give terribly low ratings. Things like the establishment being too loud or having "outdated decor" won't ruin my meal. After all, it's Vegas. If you want a quiet breakfast, go to Reno. Food was great, service was good. No complaints here at all, will be back
5	HASH HOUSE A GO GO IS A MUST GO GO!I have died and gone to fried chicken & eggs benidict heaven! Their portions are huge we ordered 3 plates and for 4 girls it was way too much. I love the little decorative trees they put in the biscuits and speaking of biscuits HOLY CRACK BALLS! SMAAAACCCKIN! The service is on point too. You gotta order the fried chicken and eggs benidict, chorizo and hash and their fluffy SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO good waffles. NOW THATS A PARTY IN YO MOUF!
3	After watching it featured on multiple shows I had to make it a stop on my Vegas itinerary. I got the sage fried chicken and waffles, my Mom got the Sage fried chicken Benedict. They looked great! Pic taken, Facebooked it!I was really sad once I ate it. It really needed some salt, the breading tasted like mushy cornflakes with a hint of sage. I almost cried-not really but I was so bummed. Maybe I got the wrong thing? High expectations, lackluster food, no refills offered on water or coffee (boooo).I may try a different location, will def try another dish...
4	WOW! DELICIOUS!!! I am convinced there are giants cooking in the kitchen. The serving sizes are HUGE. The prices were great, considering how much food you are getting. Two people can easily share one meal. We were a party of four. We went during the week, Wednesday, September 4th. We got there just in time to beat the rush, and we still had to wait about 15 minutes to get seated. It was SO worth it.I ordered the sage chicken with maple reduction, served with eggs and mashed potatoes. INCREDIBLE!Mom ordered the "basic" breakfast and LOVED it. Friend ordered biscuits and gravy with side of bacon....yum!Fiance ordered eggs with mango, coconut flapjack. The flapjack was HUGE...I mean, seriously, the size of  a large skillet. Over all, GREAT experience. The server was on top of things, though they did have to correct a couple of minor things with our order. (mom asked for a biscuit, but got toast; fiance got sausage but asked for ham).
5	I came here on a recommendation and what a great recommendation it was!The food here is spectacular and the portion sizes are humongous! My husband got the chicken and waffles and he loved it! I got the Sage Fried Chicken Benedict (as seen on Man vs. Food) and oh my goodness, it was out of this world amazang! We also got Watermelon lemonades which were delicious! The lemonades had so much more flavor than we anticipated and they weren't too too sweet. Definitely try one if you go!The service was excellent. The waiters are very casual, talkative and friendly, making the experience very laid back and relaxed. The restaurant was well kept and all the dishes were spotless. Gotta love a super clean restaurant! The ambiance is relaxed, like I said, casual dining. There are pictures of celebrities that have visited Hash House A Go Go around the entrance, which is really cool to see.I would definitely recommend this to anyone who is going to Vegas and I would definitely go back as well.
5	Food is awesome, portions are absurdly huge, and the service is usually on point. That said, this is my go-to spot for a 1pm breakfast after a serious Vegas hangover, the only complaint I have is that the music is obnoxiously loud and has a nasty effect of intensifying the hangover...still worth a 5 star though. Definitely worth a visit if you've never checked it out!
4	World famous BLT Bloody Mary.
5	My girlfriend and I just recently visited this place multiple times over our week-long stay at the Quad Hotel and it hit the mark every time.  Pretty much everything you could realistically want form a solid breakfast/brunch heavy place.  It's fantastic that they serve a certain amount (quite a lot actually) of their breakfast menu all day, and that they are available in the hotel as the room service option.  In addition to the great food, the portions are insanely generous creating a great value for the customer.  Finally, our server, Krystie, was pretty fantastic the whole time and took great care of us...I highly recommend getting sat in her section!
4	Good food, large portions, good drinks, and open 24 hours.  What more can a person ask for in vegas.  I had the cornbeef sandwich and salad, and a bloody mary.  All good.  Will definitely go again if I have the opprortunity.
5	Great food! The portions were huge and came out like a piece of art!Food tasted amazing, definitely not your typical chicken and waffles or eggs benedict. Chicken was juicy and waffles came with bacon cooked in it! Eggs Benedict had fresh tomatoes and spinach!
5	Amazing!  Great service and fabulous food!!  Will be back for sure!!  We ordered the Sage Fried Chicken and Bacon Waffles.  So good, huge portions and affordable..
3	While in Vegas, my friend insisted that we had to eat at Hash House. We came as a group of 12 on a busy Saturday morning. The hostess told us the wait would be about an hour or more. So, we split up into groups of 4, and ended up waiting about 20 minutes instead. Not bad at all!My group ordered 3 dishes (way more than enough for 4 hungry people!) Me and two other friends shared the Sage Fried Chicken Benedict and the Meatloaf Hash. Both were delicious! We were so hungry and tired (from the night before!), that I can't even remember what was all in our food. I just remember it being delicious. The restaurant was super busy and service was kind of slow, but the food was definitely worth the wait! I'll be back next time I'm in Vegas!
4	My family loves going to all the different hash house a go gos in the city.  There's one inside The Plaza on freemont too.   We love the food presentations, the large amount given to us!!!   services are over all excellent.   Great place for family.
4	Been to this HH location a couple of times, most recently on 9/20/13. Service is usually just decent and there always seems to be a 20-30 minute wait - but the food and Bloody Marys make everything worth it! Portions are huge and you definitely get more than you pay for. I will say that food-wise, the hashes, pancakes, or French toast seem to be the way to go. I would avoid the breakfast meatloaf dish - while the mix as a whole was good (with potatoes, peppers, and cheese), the meatloaf itself didn't seem to fit into the meal as a whole and threw off the taste enough to make me wish I'd ordered something else.
5	Yum! So good! It's a good thing that you have to walk a lot on The Strip or else it's easy to gain 10 lbs. from this place!
4	First time and definitely a repeater. Tip:  try the crispy potatoes. The Kokomo was deliciously as was the corned beef hash which was made fresh (pulled corned beef), not canned.Service was great and friendly. Definitely a repeater.
3	Still on my quest for corn-beef hash that rivals Bob's diner in Manchester Center VT, My latest stop here appeared to have potential, however turned out to be somewhat disappointing. The looked good...nice big pile of real corned beef in a cast iron skillet, however the skillet was cold, therefore the eggs, CBH, and biscuit were cold too. The hash was loaded with green papers and onions, and served on top of a pile of home fries. There was very little flavor to speak of. The meet was meaty, but sparse on seasonings. All of the flavor was cooked out of the veggies, which were soggy and tasteless. Another day, another location may be worth a try.On the bright side, our server was terrific...prompt courteous, and good conversationalist. Came by to refill coffee, asked questions, and talked enough to seem interested, but not so much as to be a pest. Also, I might add the coffee was delicious! I Will try them again if ever in the area or near another location.
5	NOMMERS!!!  When I have visitors in town this is the place we go.  Always!  It's all good.  Chicken and Waffles, Chicken Pot Pie, Biscuits and Honey!  So good.  I could complain that I've had some poor waiters in the past, but never see them twice.
4	Yummm! This restaurant is nothing short of awesome. I had the meatball pasta and it was MASSIVE. I hardly put a dent in my food and it would have been perfect to share with someone else. The meatballs were cheesy, soft, and delicious. The spaghetti noodles were huge too. Our server was super nice and there was a short 15 minute wait at 9 p.m. on a Sunday night. Comfort food at its finest and another reason why I love The Quad.
5	Dined here multiple times. Both at the bar and in the dining room. Last time we were a party of ten. The servers were great, food was awesome and there was plenty to share! Overall, prices are fair and many different tastes can be accommodated..
5	We absolutely LOVE this place.  Kye and Sassy are great up at the bar.  Food is delish and plenty of it.  Spiked Watermellon/Lemonade is to die for.
4	Even though I read all the yelp reviews over and over, I guess I forgot about the part where the portions are HUGE! I felt like I barely put a dent in my food. My fiance and I probably should have just shared a dish. The food presentation is awesome. The bloody mary had a nice spicy kick. I couldn't finish it all but the server gave me a to-go cup. We went on a Saturday morning at around 8am and there wasn't a line at all, but by the time we finished eating, there was a pretty long wait.
4	Ok so, the wait is horrible!!! Hence the four stars not five, also the server was kinda a @##hole I think he was trying to be funny but he failed horribly. Now on to the BEST part of this place the saving grace the food. I had the chicken and waffles of course, Chicken is the best fried chicken I've had! Moist breast full flavor breading sage just plain ole good. The Waffles, that I have had better, they were too dense and lacked something the bacon in them was great just wish the had more flavor. I think if they used the batter from Roscoe's with their chicken OMG that would be heaven. Price and Portion are also a plus you can get an entree and share. But when in Vegas why not be glutinous.
5	My husband and I ate here last night, it was so different and creative the way  they stacked the food. It was also great tasting with excellent service from our waiter Andrew.
5	Damn the food was amazing and OMG server Nancy was the best server I had in years (and that's not putting any extras on it) she made my experience good and was great help with the menu and letting me know that the stuff was gonna be big so I might wanna share...but I don't lol, so I hope the bump Nancy up in the company because she deserve it...sweet, patient and knows the menu well....I'll be back prolly for dinner again before I head back LA California. Jus hope the food taste great like last night and I get the same server
4	This place was really good! Located in the Quad, the portion sizes were huge and the food was really good.  Our server was also attentive and helpful.  The chicken of the chicken and waffles was delicious.  I can't go the full 5 only because I found the waffles to be a little bland.  I was a little envious of the giant pancake at the table next to us. Overall, a ton of food for the price, especially by Vegas standards, and a fun menu for a place that focuses mostly on breakfast.
3	Large portions and good service Yes! Spongy waffle, semi warm food, no bathroom in the venue and lack of natural light (windows) NO!
5	Thanks to yelp we found out about this place. We decided to try it and OMG it is delicious. Thank you yelp for this wonderful suggestion. We had a pomegranate mimosa and the tractor driver combo with spike kiwi watermelon lemonade. The service was great too. Alex our waiter was on it. He was attentive to our needs and offered great suggestions. He was the best waiter we have had in awhile.
5	This place is amazing! Best breakfast I have ever had. I don't usually write reviews but this is well deserved. They cook everything to order so you have to waiting a little longer but it's totally worth the wait. I had Andy's Sage Fried Chicken Benedict. Twice. It was that good. I recommend that you share. The portions are huge and there is more than enough for two. My husband had the meatloaf hash. It was by far the best meatloaf either one of us had ever had. I would order it and I don't ever eat meatloaf. The prices are great. Hash House A Go Go is definitely one of the cheapest places we ate at our stay in Vegas. I would go again and again and again. The service was good the food is great! I completely recommend!
4	I'm only giving this a four because it took so long with my food. I ordered a simple breakfast eggs & chicken sausage & it was the best chicken sausage ever!! My friend had chicken hash - how chicken could be hash I didn't know but it was great!! Will def go back next trip in Vegas!
4	Food here was surprisingly better then the Hash House on Sahara. I figured it would be the other way around but the food was actually alot better here.  Service on the other hand was not as good as the one on Sahara so i guess thats the trade off... lol
3	The portions were very huge. The place was definitely overhyped. Very regular bland taste. If you want a huge filling breakfast, this is a place for you. It was pricey. For 4 people we spent $80 with tip. I definitely don't think the quality was there.
1	Every aspect of my experience at the Hash a go go was disappointing. My girlfriend had the mushroom hash which was bland and cold. Potatoes were soggy and unseasoned. I ordered the sage chicken eggs Benedict and the chicken was dry and tough, while the potatoes, eggs and bacon all were cold.  When we were seated, our server spouted a memorized spiel saying " all of our food is never microwaved or reheated but made fresh."  They should add " was probably made two hours before and is sitting under a sun lamp and never seasoned."
4	Very big portions and delicious.  You have to try the bloody marry's!
3	Hubby and I split the fried chicken and waffles.   The chicken was good, not great.  The waffle was hard.  The biscuit was crumbling and flavorless.  Yes, the portions were large, but who cares if the food isn't that terrific?
5	I did a search on Yelp last week about the best breakfast in Vegas and this place came up. Since it was located next door to my hotel we were eager to try it. Thursday morning - line out the door, so we skipped itSaturday morning - line down the stairs, so we skipped itMonday morning - line out the door, but decided to stay.  The line moved surprisingly quick. There were 4 of us at the table and the server was really great. I asked her what she recommended and she went through some things and gave great input. She even suggested that each couple could split a meal and there would be plenty of food to spare. But being the gluttons we are, we wanted to try many things so we each ordered something different. What ensued was maybe the best breakfast I've ever had. Everybody loved everything and there was indeed too much food, but it was worth it. I also feel it's one of the finer values on the Strip as far as cost. ~$15pp for the best breakfast you're likely to ever have is a bargain.
4	Great presentation. The chicken & waffles were super moist and tasty. The only bar between getting 5 stars was the price. It's a bit much for a "breakfast" food.
5	Food was delicious! Portions were huge! Service was alright.
3	This place was ok I'm my opinion. We had to wait an hour to be seated then had to wait about another hour for our food to come out. I ordered the waffles and it was a good size, not sure i would split it since i don't think it was as much, however my hubs ordered something different and his plate was huge  it could easily feed to adults. Overall i recommend eating there at least once.
5	Ordered the Man V Food favorite: On the bottom, a thick bed of bacon mashed potatoes. On top of that a nice big biscuit covered with gravy. Then fresh spinach, tomatoes and thick cut bacon. Two fried chicken breasts smothered in mozzarella, and scrambled eggs on top, all drenched with copious amounts of gravy. It was outstanding. And no, I did not finish it. I left two slices of tomato uneaten. No sense being a damned pig about it.
5	Talk about heart attack on a plate. By far one of the best experiences I've had for a hearty meal. There is a good amount of items you can choose from and make sure you go with a big group of people. I really like this place and it is definitely a go back to restaurant if you ever come back to Vegas!Located at the Quad, this place is pretty bombay. I always wanted to try it and finally we were able to! Just to let you know, a plate of this would probably feed a family of 4 and maybe more. The portions are gigantic and full of flavor. It is definitely not for you if you're on a no carb diet LOL. I ordered a burger and a since we went in a big group, we had the pork tenderloin cutlet, man v food sage chicken, chicken pot pie, and benedicts. Everything was delicious, but my suggestion is stay away from the burgers and try something new! The burger I had was a typical burger but it was huge. The tenderloin cutlet was delicious and will be ordering that next time I go to hash house! But yes guys, you have to try this place!
4	Awesome, awesome food. And very creative. You can tell it's all house-made. Pretty fairly priced for the portions you receive. I had the fried chicken benedict which was delicious. Unfortunately, we received so-so service and a couple of our orders were made incorrectly due to the server's error. Had the service been better it would've been 5 stars. Maybe next time.
5	I wish I found this place my first day out in Vegas because I would've ate here every day.   I was staying at the MGM which didn't have to many breakfast spots near it except for Denny's and the buffet. I then searched on Yelp for other breakfast spots in walking distance because I was tired of eating at the buffet for breakfast.  I then came across Hash House a Go Go on Yelps search results.  When I saw the name it made me think.... wait I've heard of this place before.  The reviews for this place were amazing and I did a little research to check and see where/how I might have heard of this place.  I then came across a food blog that mentioned them being featured on Food Networks show Diners Drive-ins & Dives.  That's when I remembered where I had seen this place before.  We then took a looooooonnnnnnnnnng walk down Las Vegas blvd to the Quad hotel so that I could indulge in the goodness I remember seeing on Food Network and also the pics that were uploaded to Yelp.  When we arrived the wait didn't take that long due to it being only two of us.  I'm sure if it was 3 or more we would've had a much longer wait.  After quickly skimming through the menu I instantly knew what I wanted to order.  I asked the waiter what he would recommend and he stated that everyone comes in for the Andy's Sage Fried chicken.  We ordered the Andy's Sage Fried chicken and the corned beef house hash.  When the orders arrived I couldn't believe the amount of food they give you for the price.  I mean this was like a mountain of food for two.  My order arrived in a cast iron skillet with eggs on the bottom piled with potato hash and the house made corned beef and Swiss cheese on top with a homemade biscuit.  I then took a bite of my corned beef with Swiss cheese and man o man.  That was some of the best corned beef I've had in a long time. Everything was well seasoned and fresh straight from the farm I'll like to add. I didn't get a chance to taste the Sage fried chicken but it looked amazing. I honestly couldn't eat my entire meal.  Might I add the prices were not crazy either.  My meal was $12 and the Sage fried chicken meal was $15. After leaving I wanted to kick myself in the a$$ for not coming here earlier during my stay. I could have ate here every morning for half the price of a buffet while leaving stuffed like I ate at a buffet.  This is a perfect example of "if you knew better you'll do better".  I will be back again Vegas and when I return I will be eating breakfast, lunch, dinner at HHGG.
5	Excellent fried green tomatoes, and I usually don't even care for tomatoes, salmon was awesome as well. The gigantic portions made me give it 5 stars.
4	Excellent food, I had the blueberry pecan pancakes and enjoyed them but there's too much food to eat it all. The Bloody Mary is also excellent and has some spice. Service was VERY friendly and I'll be back here. I'm taking one star away because we had to wait 30 mins for breakfast on a weekday morning while over half of the restaurant was empty.
5	Greet good in huge amounts with good service and cool ambience:  Farm to Fork with an eclectic twist!Must have:  Sage Chicken & Waffles.Added bonus:  spicy peppered Bloody Mary bar at entrance for your enjoyment while you wait for your table to be called.What else can be said? Great product for the price.
5	It started with seeing Hash House A Go Go on a Vegas website. Then found out it was a Man VS Food stop, which if you know me, know that I had to go once I heard that. We stopped in for breakfast and we got there just in time. When we walked up there were only 2 people in the restaurant. When we left there were about 20 people waiting to get in. we were greeted by an excellent server, who definitely knew his shit. He was on it with recommendations, suggestions, asking what stuff we liked. He was awesome.  We ordered some drinks that came with boba straws in them, which in my opinion gets you drunk faster.  More liquid quicker. We ended up splitting a dish and I am glad we did because they give you a mountain of food. We got the Andy's Sage Fried Chicken Benedict w/ maple reduction, 2 eggs, bacon mashed potatoes & biscuit. First of all, the chicken breast was bigger than my hand. Second it is the best fried chicken I have ever had... Sorry KFC.  The seasonings in the batter was perfect and the maple made the chicken breast so tender. The chicken was sitting on top of 4 bacon strips that topped a mountain of thick mashed potatoes. Added to the plate were 2 eggs, and fruit all over the dish, a biscuit that honestly didn't need any butter or jam. It was moist and very flavorful on its own. I added a couple of pork sausage links because I didn't really that they made plates to feed mountain men. But those were really good also. I really don't think I could complain anything at all for this place. Perfect service, mouth watering food and cute atmosphere. I think I am going to make it a point to go back every trip to Vegas and try something different.
5	Outstanding food and service! I don't watch reality tv, but my boss told me to try this place. I was blown away by the special (as featured on Man V. Food - if that means anything to you). Delicious! The only thing better than the dish was the server. Tharon was an awesome waiter. I love attention to detail. And he provided that and then some! I'll be back soon to try some other dishes!
5	Ok folks, I know this restaurant is good only based on 1 item lol Ive been here 3 times and ordered the Fried Chix Eggs Benny everytime. Biscuits, cheese, bacon, tomatoes, spinach, chipotle sauce and succulent moist fried chicken. The most twisted, delicious and savory dish for breakfast ever! With a superior quality that doesnt go down I had the same dish 3 times and was wanting more with a full stomach haha Ill be back in Vegas again soon just to try the Pancakes, French toast and all the other delicious items! I want the whole menu haha
5	Incredible. Just wow. I wish I could give more stars, and that I had more space in my stomach to try more of the menu.My boyfriend and I both got stuffed burgers--mine had bacon, cheddar, and avocado, and his had bacon and mashed potatoes. I'd also like to add what I though was a smear of ketchup on the side of the plate was actually barbecue sauce with a soy sauce base, and it was mind-blowing. It was one of those meals where we didn't speak to each other, just chewed and went 'mmmmmmm' a lot.By the end of the meal, he said next time we go to Vegas, we're staying at The Quad, just so we can be closer to HHAGG.(Also, we went on a Thursday afternoon in October and there were only a few other people, so if you want to avoid the lines, this might be a way!)
4	All I have to say is this place has MAN v.s. Food Portions (Food Network Show). Their menu serves something for every taste. I ordered the bacon filled belgian waffles (OMG) topped with two maple syrup infused fried chicken breast (OMG) with soy bbq sauce drizzle and fried leeks. Need I say MORE? Very interesting flavors mixed together. This place is awesome in more ways then one. Definatley a must see and must eat at place in Vegas. Don't come to Vegas without trying this place.
1	what a horrible experience! we come here EVERY time were in vegas...but this time we found CARDBOARD in our food. not only that, the shift manager AND general manager were so extremely rude about the whole situation...needless to say, we will NOT return. i am a restaurant manager and that was no way to treat your customers. in such a big grossing restaurant you still need to take care of your customers. what a huge disappointment. i wish i could give zero stars.
3	I read the reviews but I'm sorry I don't understand the four and five stars.  This place was crazy busy but we only had to wait 20 minutes or so.  Very nice young man as our server, gave us drinks and plenty of time to choose from the large menu.  We looked around at the size of the portions of some of the items and were totally intimidated.  The server told us many people share but since we like different items we opted to each get our own.I had a skillet that had stir fried veggies over scrambled eggs, potatoes and a bisquit that was huge and pretty good although mine didn't seem completely cooked in the middle, sort of doughy.  My husband had eggs, sausage, potatoes and again the bisquit.  My complaint, the eggs even though the server told us everything was cooked to order so things didn't come out at the same time, were rubbery and not piping hot and the potatoes were not good at all.  I want my potatoes to be crisp and don't want a bunch of seasonings that take away from the potato and add a lot of spice to them.  Mine were way over cooked so didn't eat most of them.We go to Vegas a lot and will probably go back at some point since we'd like to give it another try.  Based on the other reviews we wondered if we just got a bad meal for a one time thing.
1	Ain't this some bullshit!! Waited an hour in line for this nasty ass sage chicken and waffles covered in some smelly ass rosemary. Worst food i ever had!!! Roscoe's is way better than this junk! What a dissapointment!!
2	Meh.  I think this place is a little overrated.  I looked this place up on Yelp and  came here solo since my bf was playing poker.  I don't mind eating by myself.  This place is located in the Quad and you had to take an escalator there.  I waited in this line right outside the door for a good 2 minutes before somebody told me that this was the line for the bar.  The people in front of me and behind me thought they were waiting to put their name down too!  The hostess stand is actually further and right in front of the restaurant, not at the doors entering the restaurant.  Lame.So it was super fast putting my name down, but I told them once a seat opened up at the bar I'd probably sit there.  He told me it'd be a 40 minute wait on a Saturday at10AM.I looked around and people seemed to be ordering the chicken and waffles but that seemed like too big of a meal for me.  It took me around 30ish minutes for a seat to open up at the bar.  Then like 4 freaking seats opened up after me and nobody sat down (ugh).  I wanted waffles though so I ordered the combo which came with pancakes but you could upgrade to a waffle for a buck.  I also ordered a bloody mary.  So after I order they come out with chicken and waffles!  They messed up on my one order so that super sucked.  The bartender admitted it and asked if I wanted another bloody mary and it'd be on her since they messed up but I declined since I'd be too blasted walking back to my hotel.  The bloody mary was really good but the food was just like.... not good.  The waffle looked nice and big and fluffy but it was lukewarm and soggy.  The eggs were eggs and the bacon was a little chewy.  I think restaurants like this should at least have basics down!  For the wait and the food I wouldn't come back here again.
4	This was my first chicken and waffles experience and I'm so glad I waited this long to try it! My man and I split a plate because the portions are huge and we wouldn't be able to take any leftovers. They don't have heat lamps in their kitchen so they bring the food out the moment it's finished, hot and fresh. My only complaints was that it was a hard place to find at first and the waiter wasn't attentive but all was forgiven the moment I tasted the chicken! So yummy!
5	ok - Im not sure I can do justice to the place - simply put - Just get your butt in and find out. Its well worth the weight and go hungry and consider sharing entrees or making sure you have a refrigerator in your room. The portions are huge but not in a way that it feels commercially done. I went for the basic chicken and waffles - but the others in our group loved the meatloaf .
3	Big portions but just ok food. Not worth the wait!!!
5	Drinks...AMAZING!  Food....Amazing! The dining experience a Sure Bet in VegasDrinks...AMAZING!  Food....Amazing! Prices...Awesome!  The dining experience a Sure Bet in Vegas
3	This place serves heart attack on a plate.  And hope you don't drink your water too quickly because service is nonexistent at this place.Surprisingly the food is good at this joint.  Upstairs in the Quad Hotel (do not ever stay here, horrible rooms), this place serves the famous fried chicken benedict.  I can't even believe how massive this plate is.  I asked for it without bacon since I can't eat pork.  The meal itself tastes amazing (for those rare indulgences I do with fried food).  The chicken was succulent, the scrambled eggs and cheese were hot and delicious, the mash potatoes were good, the biscuit was a little dry.  Love the chipotle cream, not too heavy, I asked for it on the side.  I like that they add tomatoes and some greens in there so you get a little bit of veggies.  My sweetie had the corned beef hash.  I thought it was too greasy and the corned beef was too chewy.  It comes in a large griddle.  My God, we could have easily shared one dish.I'd say this is great for hangover breakfast spot.  I am disappointed our waitress never checked on us ONCE the entire visit.  Food 4 starsService 2 starsI think my waistline and arteries are protesting after this Vegas trip.
5	Amazing and creative breakfast!  We will make it required stop every trip to Vegas!
5	Five stars for awesome food. Huge portions it's ridiculous how much is on one plate. You can seriously share with three people. Anyways I went here last year during the summer time with my cousins around the time of my 20th birthday. Yes 20 years in Vegas (nothing to do) lol when we ate here our waiter dropped my sisters food near her and ended up in her hair I remember her hair smelled like syrup lol But it wasn't a big deal. He made my sister a new chicken and waffles plate (huge portion and so delish). Over all good service , great tasting plates and good restaurant vibe. I recommend this place to anyone who go to Vegas.
5	Always our favorite place for breakfast when we are in Las Vegas. If you love home cooking this is your place. The menu has a variety of items that are specials...try them! The service is great as is the food!
5	Hash House is a must every time I'm in Las Vegas. Every pancake they make is better than any other pancake I've ever had. The French toast is fantastic. The portion sizes are usually more than anyone can eat, but it doesn't hurt to try. I also recommend the meatloaf sandwich is you're their for dinner. The customer service is always good, and the food is delivered promptly.
4	Hash House is simply amazing!I now make it a point to visit this establishment every year during my trek to Las Vegas The staff, atmosphere along with the amazing menu make this restaurant a have to dine experience
5	Every time we come to Vegas, Hash House is one of our top priorities! They simply have the best food, best portions and fabulous drinks. How can you go wrong with food featured on Man vs Food?!The amount of food in one meal is definitely enough for two people, so order wisely unless you want leftovers. The bf and I learned after our first visit to just order one plate with a side. The BLT Bloody Mary is my favorite brunch cocktail of all time! It has the perfect amount of spice and they even include a mayo packet in case you want to make a BLT out of the garnish. The wait is a pain, but our friend was a Diamond member of the rewards club at the casino, so we bypassed the line completely. Score!
2	Disappointed in this location of Hash House... they never should have gone into this terrible building. It's improved since it became the Quad but still a dump. The food was about the same quality as I've had at the other locations and the service was pretty good considering how busy they were. However, the food took 40+ minutes to come out. Our poor server kept trying to stall for the kitchen and I can see it in his face that he was frustrated and didn't want to point fingers at the kitchen. But it was obvious many tables were not happy with the long waits. At least provide bread or something to the tables if your food is going to take that damn long (come to think of it maybe we should have asked for some).Ordered the Chicken and Waffles... but didn't get to enjoy it because I got kind of full just waiting on the food to arrive. Flavors were good but I felt like it was better at the Sahara location. Friends enjoyed there food so that's always good when you bring first timers.Biggest issue with this location is the complete lack of cell phone service. HOW AM I SUPPOSED TO CHECK-IN???!!! lol But seriously, the Quad and Hash House need to figure out a solution to this issue. Offer "Free Wi-Fi" or something! As someone who relies on his phone for work I have to say it's a bit stressful to sit through lunch at a place where I don't have access to anything on my phone.No bathroom in the restaurant... have to go down to casino floor. Blah! Hash House you can do better! Get yourself out of that crap hotel. It's bringing down your brand.
5	Open 24hrs we hit it twice dinner and breakfast it's at the quad awesome crazy amounts of food made fresh sooo good pictures to follow and it wasn't super busy on a Saturday night and the place is huge
5	Goodness! A couple fair warnings for yall.1) You are going to have to wait. Not only for the long line which seems to be the norm, but also for the food.  The waitress will tell you ahead of time that they make all their food fresh and it'll come out as soon as it's done so it won't sit under heat lamps or anything. From the time you order, the wait could be equal to if not more than the wait to get seated.2) HUGE portions. It'd be safe to order one thing for every two people since the portions are so huge. Unless you were as hungry as I was, in which I nearly killed my whole plate.I ordered the Fried Chicken Benedict.  It was amazeballs.  Biscuits, fried chicken, eggs, cheese, bacon, chipotle gravy...not much to complain about.  I was going hard at it but hit a wall with probably 1/4 left.  This was also called the Man vs Food dish.Great place, great food.  I'd go back, just not in the summer when the pools are open ;)
4	I have always been a  fan of Hash House A Go Go since I visited this chain restaurant in San Diego.  The food is consistently good, the portions are huge and playfully displayed. They offer great breakfast, brunch, lunch and dinner items. Some of my  favourite menu items  include the roasted pork tenderloin house hash, fried chicken and waffles, chicken pot pie and meatloaf sandwich. The only nits are slow service and the tables and booths are not as clean as they should be.
4	Food as always was great.  Went there for Lunch after the convention, it was dead slow in there. Waitress took our order, but was kinda slow on getting back to us.  I had my burger brought out and asked for Mayo and sauce, she took 15 minutes, by the time she was back the burger was cold.   This is the first time anything like this has happened there, so I won't know the Stars, I just knock her memory. LOVE LOVE LOVE this place, it's good for meal atleast once on your trip. D
4	I. LOVE. THIS. PLACE.! First things first...my husband was positively GREEN (not in a good way) from our insanely wild vacation. But this place is perfect for a Vegas-sized hangover (or so said Scott, our server). The table next to ours and the one behind us were busy oooohing and aaaaahing as the food fashion show commenced. After he briefly blanched at the size of the entrees, hubby finally decided to go with the sage fried chicken w/ maple reduction, eggs, biscuit and bacon mashed potatoes. It was the perfect cure.Since I'd already been there a few times, I wanted to try something new, and decided to og with the meatloaf w/ 2 eggs, mashed potatoes, and biscuit. When I asked Scott for a little jam for my biscuit, he brought back the most delightful, delicious peach compote concoction I've ever had. It tasted very much like the inside of a peach cobbler. Mmmmmmm!!!! For the amount of food, the reasonable prices and the excellent quality of preparation, we will, of course, return...and bring additional back-up to battle the beast that is Vegas.
5	This place is seriously amazing after a lengthy wait due to our large party we were seated I ordered a blt mary.  Nothing like getting a sandwich inside your drink ...you must be patient especially if you have a bigger table but everything is 100% worth it hands down one of the best places I've ever been to !!!
5	Wow!!! You Yelpers have yet to fail me. We got into Vegas early in the morning and decided once we checked in we'd go have breakfast and walk around and skip lunch as we were saving ourselves for our buffett dinner. Having not been to Vegas in 4 years I had no idea where the heck the Quad was. We kept walking and walking (we stayed at the Wynn Encore) my brother in law said "You just want to go to Dennys?" I said "We did not come to Vegas to go to Dennys!" We walked maybe two more minutes and there was the Quad. We checked in and only had to wait about 5min for a table. As we were being walked to the table we were all looking at everyones plate. Amazing! We saw a lot of Chicken and Waffles! I can't eat that much so I just ordred an egg and toast. My husband ordred the Chroizo and Jalapeno hash.. I ate off his plate too.. OMG, sooo tasty. He also ordered a Bloody Mary.. Holy Cow, the best Bloody Mary in Las Vegas by far! I ordered one to go! Our breakfast was amazing. Great place, wonderful and warm service.. You can bet we will be back! Can't wait!!
4	The menu is really limited. If you don't eat meat you get to choose between breakfast foods or a salad, which sucks. But the food is awesome!! I got a house salad and it was very fresh and the vinaigrette dressing is really good. The service was great and the restaurant is very comfortable and well lit.
3	This place was not bad. The lower rating is mostly due to the wait and location. We went on a Sunday around 1. First of all finding the place is a bit odd. Then once you get there there was about 50+ people waiting in the waiting area. Our wait to get seated was over an hour. Once we finally did sit down our order got taken quickly but we waited another good 30 minutes or more for food. And even saw parties seated after us get food first. I had the fried chicken Benedict and husband had the chicken and waffles. The food was good. Nothing extraordinary, nothing to wait in line for over an hour for but if I was able to get in fairly quickly I would go back. I think the hype is more for the portion size. HUGE! Definitely easily shared between 2-3 people. This place is open 24 hours so definitely could see this as a great after party choice or hungover breakfast spot. Since it was later in the day I didn't see either. The place is loud. Really loud. So if you're looking for a relaxed place to grab some breakfast go elsewhere.
4	This breakfast is gonna last you alllllll day in Vegas because it's supersized! I mean, holy crap is it a large portion. I realize they have a "man vs food" item, but honestly, it could all be "stomach vs food" entrees. But the real test is, is it good? And I can happily say it is! Honestly, the only reason I'm not giving it five stars is because my main entree wasn't my favorite. But let me explain. Not realizing how large the portions were, I ordered the salmon and cream cheese hash, with me and my mom splitting the brown sugar and banana pancakes. To be honest, I really wanted the pancake, but I always feel guilty not getting a little protein in my meal. So I went with the "healthy" (I know, it's laughable) salmon dish. The salmon was a bit dry and I didn't really like the whole mix of salmon, cream cheese and hash. My mom ordered the mushroom hash, which I, of course, tried. It was much better! But the pancake was AWESOME! I should have just sucked up my pride and just ordered that. It's honestly one massive pancake, that would have equaled three medium sized ones. It was one of the best I've ever had! I liked the fact that while you waited they have a sole bar dedicated to bloody mary's! And they are gooooood! I swear, I'd come up there just to get a bloody mary and head back down and go about my day. It was one of the best I've ever had, packed with olives, pickles and a bean! Plus, it was the right amount of spice. Speaking of waiting. You will wait. And wait. And Wait. We waited an hour to sit and then another hour for food. We came around 10am on a Sunday, which I'm sure is prime brunch time. I'd highly suggest going in later, but you'll probably always have a wait here. It was worth it though!
4	Our trip to Vegas, I knew i had to try Hash House A Go Go, of course going inside The Quad you would expect a line for Hash House A Go Go, they told us the wait was about 20 minutes but it was a lot faster than expected.  Sitting down our server gave us amazing customer service.  The food was amazing, I had the sage chicken with the bacon mash potatoes.  No need for extra sauce, the food was perfect on its own. Will be coming back on our next visit in March.  Hoping for the same great food and service. If you are in Vegas, this is a place you must stop by at. The portions are enormous. GO FOR THE FOOD AND SERVICE IT IS WORTH IT!
5	Tip: show up early!!!!!!  The largest pancake I have ever seen. No microwaves here. Everything is fresh. Food arrives in huge black skillet. Delicious. If you are in Vegas, do not pass up Hash House.
4	Be prepared to WAIT! The service was as good as could be expected (considering how busy it was) and the food was pretty good. The fourth star is mostly because I was so excited when my food finally showed up (after 60 minutes waiting for a table and 45 minutes waiting for my food) that it tastes amazing! Actually, I do think the good was objectively tasty. They have tons of pancake options and the pancake is massive (and moist and flavorful). The fresh squeezed juice was yummy and held me over until the food arrived. The major downside is really just that it takes SO looooooong to get served. Do not go hungry! Perhaps it would be best to put your name on the waiting list here immediately after finishing a meal elsewhere- you'll be hungry by the time you get fed. :)
5	So good. I recommend the andy's sage fried chicken eggs benedict (Man Vs Food favorite). Order one and it will feed 2. Delicious!
4	Service wasn't the best, but considering how busy it was, I didn't really mind. The food was awesome...HUGE portions! I got the smoked salmon scramble? Not sure what the actual name of it on the menu was. But the Bloody Marys WON me over. I absolutely loved them - plus they've got a Bloody Mary bar (also serves screwdrivers) to keep you entertained while waiting to be seated. Also tried their banana pancakes.. Amazing!!!!!
5	This is our go to for drunk food they are open 24 hours. We go here everytime we come to vegas and the service and food never dissapoint. Their servings are enormous so sharing would be ideal. Your first time try the chicken and waffles. Its a must! The waffle has a bacon piece in it and the dish looks exactly how they promote it.The sage fried chicken benedict is ridiculous in size. And it is awesome. Seems like 3 times the size of a dennys or ihop meal haha.  It comes with two pieces of chickenGood luck going here for breakfast its way packed and you will probabaly wait 30 to 45 minutes. This is why I would go during dinner or after the club when there is no wait if you want to try this place.
4	I love there food at Hash House. I've been to the location on Sahara and loved the atmosphere there over this location. As a Las Vegas Local I'll stick to the one off the strip. Over all the food was the same, LARGE portions and reasonable pricing. A great way to start your day and easily shared with your husband.
5	Always packed. A clear indication that it is just that great!Must try the chicken and waffle! The waffle has freaking bacon in them! Oh man I'm already salivating while writing this review.Portions are huge! The manfriend and I shared the chicken and waffle and we were good. Btw we eat a lot! :DFor you folks that live in vegas, you guys are lucky! :)Can't wait to be back~
4	Visited this location on The Strip which is located in The Quad (formally the Imperial Palace) for the very first time.  The big drawback to this location is there is presently a ton of construction going on in front of the hotel and it makes it very difficult to enter the hotel and even find the self parking.  If you plan on visiting this location, allow yourself the extra time to get to where you need to go.  Now, onto the review:We arrived at the restaurant at approx. 10 am on Tuesday, November 12, 2013 .  Big thing for them is they won't seat you until your entire party has arrived.  This makes complete sense since the space is limited and they don't want one single diner to hold up a potential table for others while they wait for the rest of their party.  I appreciate this rule and the hostess are very polite when they share this rule.We (me and my 3 friends) were taken to a corner booth and given our menus.  Within a minute or two someone approached us and asked us for our beverage order.  I believe she must have been the server assistant (bus person).  A few min later we received our beverages.  The waiter (sorry, forgot his name) approached our table to see if we had questions and find out if anyone of us were new to Hash House.  We mentioned to him that 2 of us were new to Hash House, and he promptly explained the menu and portion sizes of the food.  We took a few min to order because of our conversation at the table with one another, but ordered within 10 min of being sat.  I ended up ordering the Lumberjack breakfast which came with 2 eggs and your choice of meat or potatoes and 1 large pancake.  You have the option of upgrading or substituting for a speciality pancake for an additional charge.  Because of the holidays, I choose the pumpkin pancake. On a side note, my friends ordered a "LARGE" cheeseburger with fries, a second Lumberjack breakfast, and an omelette.  However, just before our food was delivered, the waiter told me that the chef made the mistake of making a pecan pumpkin pancake on my order instead.  He offered to make me a new one or asked if I was ok with that.  I like them both, so I said the pecan pancake was just fine.  The breakfast was delicious, however, adding the pecans to the pancake fills you up fast.  There were a lot of pecans in it.  Granted, this is not a complaint...it's just a lot of food, so come hungry!!  In addition, the coffee was hot and fresh as it should be, and I especially love the pour spout sugar on the table (instead of sugar packets) because, personally, I like a little coffee with my sugar...if you know what I mean!  Overall, service was great, server was very prompt with our requested items, coffee and water was always kept full, and plates were cleared in a timely manner.  I will definitely be back to this location or another location based on the food quality alone and their delicious coffee!  Also,If you ever have a craving for the perfect drunk food at 3 am after you leave the club, then this is the place to go!Only negatives I noticed about the restaurant was the noise level in the room is high and it makes it a little difficult to have a conversation with people at your own table.  The other was the lack of cell signal in the hotel.  I like to post pictures on Instagram and Facebook, but had to do it after I left the hotel.  At one point I even had to leave the table and walk out to Valet just to take an important phone call.  But, that is not the fault of the restaurant...just a really old building!  What can ya do?!
5	Second time my husband and I have eaten at Hash House at the Quad and it was excellent!  We had breakfast the first time and the garlic mashed potatoes were amazing.  I'm a vegetarian and there were lots of choices on the menus, my husband is not and he as well had an abundance of choices! This time we went for dinner and again they didn't disappoint!  I had the squash risotto and my husband had the HH meat loaf. Everything was delicious as well as the tangerine mimosa and my husband's Bloody Mary was perfection! Now, I really want to commend our excellent server Scott!  Let me tell you that young man deserves a raise!!  He was so knowledgeable about the menu and all things Hash House and that's because he's been a long time and loyal employee!!  He was so friendly attending to our table and really made the second time there our favorite!  Give that young man a raise Hash House A Go Go he is an asset to your restaurant!!
3	After reading all of the wonderful reviews for Hash House a Go Go, this was first on our list for Las Vegas. We were staying at the MGM Grand, and it looked like this was about a mile down the strip so we chose to walk. The weather was grand, and the walk nice. We stopped along the way to do some shopping and eventually ended up at the restaurant. I had the Roasted Chicken, garlic, onions, asparagus and rosemary. The portions are large. Of the various ingredients, the asparagus was outstanding. The rest was fair.Service was excellent, although the server seemed a little contrived and over the top. But, she was nice. We tried it, they just opened one in Chicago, but I think that I was not impressed enough to go out of my way to try the one here. Sorry.
4	I love 24 hours of food! Yes, you got that right, 24 hours.  I luckily had the pleasure of being in close proximity to the location at the Quad without even knowing.  So glad I was. I experienced the early morning crowd (I'm not sure how people get up for breakfast in Vegas, I just happened to be waiting for my hotel room to be ready) and  the late night I should eat a lot of food before I make it back to my hotel room at 4am.  It's a ton of food, it's all good.  Also, the alcoholic drinks are amazing at any time of day. It's fairly large,but wait times can be really long.  I noticed in the morning it's good to get there before 9:30am, the rush comes about then.  Late night, no worries, you'll be fine.I could tell you what I ate, but it really doesn't matter, it was good.  That's all you need to know.  Go there pick something interesting and eat it.  Your mouth will thank you.
4	Huge portions.  Delightfully presented. Value Priced. Unique Food Choices. I was shockedat thesize of my pancake.  See the photo. Food was great,  only problem was we had to wait 15 mins to be seated and abt 20 mins for our food. Normally that wouldn't have been an issue but we were time limited.  Great place to eat.  Beautiful Resort Casino.
5	Fried chicken and waffles were off the hook.  Dishes are definitely large enough to split.  Great food, beautifully presented, terrific service.  The wait is definitely worth it.
5	Unbelievably delicious.So convenient for our crew too because we stayed in The Quad for our Vegas trip, AND Hash House is open 24 hours!! The wait was a little long for us (but we were also a party of 12) but it was worth it. I ordered the ham, spinach and cheddar scramble. Now if you like omelets, the scramble is the way to go. It was delicious! SUCH HUGE PORTIONS TOO!!! *see picture below* It is definitely a good amount of food for the price you pay. I was also told the chicken and waffles was insanely good too.
4	On one of our trips to Las Vegas, we drove directly to Hash House A Go Go on The Strip after picking up our rental car. Since it was Saturday, there was a 30 minute wait, which gave us plenty of time to review the menu and check out the photos on the wall. We heard the portions were enormous, bigger than your head, and we saw with our very own eyes as we were led to our table. After we were seated, we were ready to order once our server came over to introduce himself. We shared an order of Andy's Sage Fried Chicken Eggs Benedict with extra chipotle cream on the side. When our mountain of food arrived (plated artfully with a sprig of rosemary...yes, there was a plate under there somewhere!), we dug into a delicious combination of fried chicken, bacon, tomato, spinach, mozzarella, scrambled eggs, buttery mashed potatoes and a moist fluffy biscuit, all smothered under a blanket of spicy chipotle cream. Sounds like a lot of food, right? Well, it most certainly was, because though we split the benedict, there was plenty of food left over! It was super busy, but the server came by to refill our water and check up on us. Nice guy! FYI, menu prices for The Strip location are slightly higher.
4	Ginormous portions us an understatement. I ate an appetize, that was filling. My husband had breakfast for dinner. Easily all the dinner meals that we saw coming from the kitchen could be fir two or three people. It was a little loud fir my taste shock us the reason for the four stars, and our waiter forgot my drink refill. Other than that pretty good food.
2	OK...I like to eat. I eat a lot. I like to eat good food. So far, I haven't experienced that here. Sure, the portions are humongous and it's dressed up all pretty and nice, but that's just about it - It's all style...no substance. Yes, there's all kind of celebrity pictures complete with their signatures on the wall endorsing this place as the best place to eat. So did Planet Hollywood. We all know what happened there. I'll have to agree that it's the best place to pig out, only if you can shove all of that mountain of food into your mouth. I wanted to like it this time around hoping for a better experience, but it just fell flat again leaving me wanting more and unsatisfied. Yes I was stuffed, but I was still hungry. Does that make sense? How is that even possible?They give you a mountain of food, but it lacks flavor and heart. A good example is their Chicken N Waffles. How can you mess up Chicken n Waffles?Well....they use breast meat and deep fry the living sh*t out of it and what you're left with is a dry piece of meat that is hardly edible. In this case, looks is very deceiving. Again, all style and no substance just like some of the stuff you see in Vegas. I have to also mention that we had the creepiest server ever. He lurks around with his big bugged eyes, who reminded me of Smeagle on Lord of the Rings. My precious....I also made the mistake of ordering their Mint Coffee. The only real mint they had on this was the garnish they placed on top. The mint they used to have that minty flavor is mint syrup which gives it that artificial flavor. It's overly sweet and undrinkable after a couple of sips. Yeah, I gave it another chance and it's time for me to move one.
5	This is one of the few must-do's in LV, IMHO. On my recent man-cation, we chowed down here 3x in 5 days. Dinner/lunch options are good, but go here for Bkft.Lots of great Bkft options. The Scrambles & the Hashes are good, but my 2 recs are the Andy's chicken benedict and the Banana pancake. HUGE portions. Coffee drinks are very tasty (try "The Smores") and are better and priced similarly to a froofy Starbucks drink.For dinner, their burgers are good, meatloaf linguini rocks, the crabcakes are phenom, and the hammerred pork is unbelievably ginormous and pretty good. The Kokimo sandwich was a little disappointing. Prices are fairly cheap.TIP: get there before 9am on weekends to avoid a 30-45 minute wait. They take RSVPs 24hrs or more in advance Sun-Thursday. They are open 24/7!!! A great place to end a late night in Vegas...
4	The wait was 10 minutes on a Sunday! Not bad. The food was good, service was great! I ordered a side of gravy for my biscuits...I wish I didn't...it wasn't that great actually. Their jam is amazing!! Order the jam instead of gravy!!
5	Great staff. Food was excellent and large portions. Will go back next time we are in Vegas.
4	Took my boyfriend here for his Birthday after I read all the great reviews. No one lied! This place is delicious! We were piggies and went twice in one day! If you are a bacon lover you MUST get the BBBLT (bacon bacon bacon lettuce tomato)! Delicious!  If you are in vegas this place is a must!!!
4	Wow is all I can say about the food portion .. There was a long wait but worth the wait...got the fried chicken Benedict and it was great .. Chicken needed a little more seasoning but other then that a good dish.. Highly recommend ..
2	We decided to try this place based  on the reviews , it was ok food was very bland , Ridiculous proportions , nice presentation but just not seasoned well at all!! My pancake was the size of a frisbee, not buttery at all!! The turkey in the skillet left little to be desired , Two nice sized  chicken Breast on the waffles , bland but crispy, the waffles were huge and flavorless, overall food choices that we shared we just ok!! Wouldn't rush to go back ...
4	Large portions! Either come with the appetite of an elephant or share a dish! We ordered the famous Triple Ds Benedict . I swapped out the scrambled eggs with sunny-side up eggs because a benedict to me needs the yolky goodness. Fried chicken, bacon, tomato, spinach all sit on top of biscuits and mashed potatoes and smothered in a chipotle hollandaise. The sauce was the star of the dish that binded everything together. I enjoyed the mashed potatoes more than the dense biscuits.I would definitely come back again to try their array of dishes. 5 stars to the staff for putting up with the rambunctious crowd. For a party of 8, our wait was around 45 minutes at 11:30 am so try to go early if possible!
5	Huge portions!  Had the fried chicken eggs benedict.  Eggs and fried chicken on top of biscuits, tomato and mashed potatoes with a chipotle cheese sauce covering.  It was so good!  Easily could have shared this, but I gave it a good effort and finished a bit over half.  Pancakes and waffles also looked great.  Make sure you go there very hungry!
3	We put our names on the list and were quoted a wait time of about 45 minutes. We probably weren't seated till an hour and a half later.All the reviews aren't lying when they say the portions are MASSIVE. I had Andy's Sage Fried Chicken with bacon mashed potatoes and a fried egg. The chicken was a bit dry and the mashed potatoes were bland. I also ordered a side of fried potatoes and sausage gravy, which ended up being uneaten because there's already so much food for one entree. Definitely don't recommend the fried potatoes though. They don't have much flavor to them.My friends split the Chicken and Waffles and that was definitely a good idea. I really have no idea how one person can consume that much food in one sitting! The waffles were very soft and doughy, if you like that. I do so I really enjoyed them!Everyone at our table seemed to enjoy their food. Not sure if I would come back though because there's just so many places in Vegas to try!
5	Seriously, this place is heaven on earth... DO NOT LEAVE after you see the wait... it is WORTH IT! Wait the 45 min to an hour, you will not be disappointed. Definitely ordered the Sage Fried Chicken and Waffles... The waffles have bacon in them. Let me repeat myself...the WAFFLES have BACON in them.  It was seriously amazing.  My dad got the same thing as me, my mom had the Chicken Benedict... also phenomenal, and HUGE.  My sister isn't as much of an "eater" that we are, an d she opted for oatmeal with fruit... Well this was the biggest bowl of oatmeal I had EVER seen, and she was extremely satisfied. Don't plan on finishing your food here, because it would just be near impossible, but don't split your food, its part of the experience.  The drinks are awesome as well.  Do plan on having your camera, trust you are going to want to remember the moment you ate the largest plate of chicken and waffles you have ever seen! :)
4	Even though the quad (formerly imperial palace) is unimpressive and their rooms are quite gross, they do have this one diamond in the rough. It is actually inside the casino and up an escalator so don't bother looking for it from the strip. You'll just get lost. I came here with about 20 people (yea. 20.) and knew about the long waits but we were all willing to eat here. The hostess quoted us a 45 minute wait but surprisingly we were seated in ~25 mins despite the large amount of people in the lobby. I felt bad for the waitress though as she had to yell across the three connected tables to all twenty of us to explain the menu. She sounded like she was losing her voice but she had a very cheerful attitude nonetheless. Portions are ginormous so just share; I recommend it. I split the sage fried chicken Benedict with my gf and it was way more than enough. We also split the snickers pancake with another couple with us. The Benedict was very tasty and stacked high, about 7 inches in height, 12 inches if you include the rosemary sprigs sticking out of it. It could've been that we were starving and getting over our hangovers but it was an amazing combination eggs potatoes fried chicken gravy spinach and bacon. I'm glad we shared the pancake because it was huge as well, probably at 12-13 inches in diameter with chunks of snickers everywhere. Also very sweet so I only ate about 3-4 bites of it and had to stop.Very affordable assuming you split the dish with another person. Fyi the bathroom is downstairs in the casino area.  Definitely worth stopping to try it out unless you've been to the original one in sd.
5	One word, DELICIOUS! This place is amazing and it's located upstairs in the Quad. The Quad is a new casino/hotel, previously the Imperial Palace. They're still renovating the place, but the restaurant is established.I was a little worried there would be a wait, but I guess we went early enough that we avoided any wait at all. Yay! We were seated right away. Our server was wonderful. He was enthusiastic about the food and making sure we had a good dining experience. The Sage Fried Chicken and Bacon Waffle was overwhelming and so good. Personally I never had chicken and waffles before. The combo just sounded weird to me, but damn this was good. Hash House a Go Go has taken my chicken and waffles virginity. Now I don't think anything else can compare. You must get this when you're here! We also order a duck dish which was good too. All the food they offer is creative and flavorful. I did notice something though. Does the own have some kind of obsession with rosemary? There's a sprig of rosemary on every dish. LOL~
1	Don't go there if you have other choice, they make you wait an hour when there are many tables availeble, food is really bad too
4	We decided on this place due to its great past reviews.A quick 20 minute wait later and we were seated at a comfortable booth with a view of the football game. Drinks came quickly and I got a very messy but delicious hot chocolate, minus the marshmallows.I ordered the mushroom,spinach,artichoke and sun dried tomato hash, which is their speciality. They were really good at modifying the dish when I asked. It came with two eggs a biscuit it and a piece of watermelon. It looked great in a large skillet and was delicious. It was a large portion, if I wasn't sharing there is no way I would have been able to get through it. I felt the hash could have had more spinach but other than that it all hit the spot.So if you like breakfast with big portions for great value this is the place to come!
3	Summary review: This place is worth a visit if you are hung over, really hungry, and looking for a square meal (a huge one) in Vegas that tastes decent and doesn't cost a ton of money.ENORMOUS portions. Definitely recommend splitting with someone or being ready to pack about half of it and take it home. Definitely make sure you go hungry. There are reasonable prices given the quantity of food. I got the Andy's Sage Fried Chicken Benedict which was $15.95 and easily enough to feed two; this was one of the most expensive items on the breakfast menu. There were plenty of menu selections for the $9-15 range.The Andy's Sage Fried Chicken Benedict is apparently their signature dish (with Man vs. Food notoriety). I was really impressed with the way it was assembled and presented. However, every bite ended up being a gigantic mess of hollandaise sauce (which they refer to as "chipotle cream"; did not taste anything like chipotles and tasted everything like standard hollandaise), potatoes, biscuit, and chicken. Had they made the dish slightly smaller and more manageable, it would have been a much higher-quality entree.In addition, call me a purist, but it is a travesty to call any dish without poached eggs a "Benedict". The thin tasteless layer of scrambled eggs on top seemed more like an afterthought to the dish rather than a main component. Why not call it a "fried chicken scramble" that happens to include hollandaise sauce?Other complaints: Drinks were really cool-looking but not very alcoholic. Wi-Fi didn't work and zero cell reception in the building.Overall, the place wasn't bad, but unremarkable. It works in Vegas, but that's about it.
5	Has House A Go Go makes sin taste so good! Being from Indianapolis it was quite interesting to see this "Twisted Farm Food", which was every bit of delicious. Granted, we don't really eat like neanderthals in Indy it was perfect. My fiance and I both enjoyed the Kiwi Watermelon lemonades - beautifully made with an even better taste. Him: My hubby got the rosemary chicken skillet (something like that) which was an absolutely delectable serving of roasted chicken, fried potatoes, egg and turkey bacon. The chicken was perfectly seasoned with flavorful rosemary and paired with perfectly cooked potatoes, being served in a sizzling hot skilled. My hubby is a cop-out and got scrambled eggs (so you can't really mess that up). Me: I had a "Tractor Platter" with french toast which was perfectly seasoned with egg and cinnamon, and topped with powdered sugar (yum!). The best thing, the french toast wasn't some tiny piece of bread but real Texas toast - this was in turn served with delicious crispy shredded hash browns (cooked to perfection), which for some reason no other restaurant can seem to get hash brown crispy. Kudos to Hash House A Go Go on that. The final part of my dish was fantastic - a serving of fresh fruit, a banana sliced long, and a couple slices of orange. The banana was a great surprise because, they actually threw it on the grill, which was a taste of perfection. It enhanced the sweetness of the banana without completely caramelizing it. (It was so great that my hubby almost lost his finger because he couldn't stop munching on it)Overall Hash House A Go Go is a definite must while visiting Vegas (I absolutely fell in love with this place) - and will certainly be back on my next trip to Sin City.
5	Tried Hash House a Go Go based on Yelp and Frommer's Guide recommendations. The smores hot chocolate was quite tasty- if a little weird when stray chunks of soggy graham cracker ended up in the swallow. Vanilla waffles were very good, as was the Andy's sage chicken breakfast.  Portions are gigantic- two could easily share one meal. Prices very reasonable for such a large meal on the strip. Definitely recommend coming here, but as another reviewer said, iPhone map didn't work well. Find the Quad and follow signs once inside. No wait at 8:00 AM for us.
5	We have eaten at HHAGG twice. There portions are enormous AND delicious. We have both eaten something different on each occasion and are yet to be disappointed. The use of spices and food combinations, although very different, are absolutely amazing! You will not be disappointed.
1	Sorry in advance for the ridiculously long post...Im not sure where to start... the mediocre food or the mediocre service. We stopped by on a Sunday night with a reasonably large group (10). Since we wanted to see the Bellagio Show before is ends at 12AM we stopped by Hash House to check on the wait. We were told there was no wait and in fact they were slow. We asked to put our name down for a reservation and were told they dont take reservations (ok). We cam back round 11 and were promptly told it would be 20-25 minutes. We were not please but decided to wait because we where here and staying close by and all wanted toi tyr the food. After a 10 minute wait the greater came and told us it was going to be at least another 25 minutes because they only had one large table available and that table just received their food. Annoying, I should have taken this as a sign, but the majority of the group was fine although a little annoyed. One friend decided to walk around and saw that they were in fact very slow (almost no tables occupied) and also had a back room with a large table available. He asked the receptionist if they could put tables together since almost the whole restaurant was empty or let us sit in the back. All we receive was a "no, we cant do that". Cant or Wont? Still we waited on. 15 more minutes pass and surprise they open the table in the back section. So I guess they could do it. Finally we are all sitting down starving and ready to go in on some delicious food... Or were we. We placed our orders based on their "late night menu", which is lack luster at best (about 10 items). The waiter came round and although he was polite seems a little slow based on how unbusy they were. Heres were it went south quickly. I ordered the Sage Chicken Benedict and asked for the eggs poached, cause who the hell scrambles eggs and calls it eggs Benedict?! The wait for the food again seemed long for how slow the place was, 20 minutes, but for good food I would gladly wait. First thing I noticed when they bring my food is eggs are not poached. I ask the waiter to fix it and he graciously takes my plate back. 10-15 minutes pass my whole party is eating (although one guy got his food alarmingly later then everyone else). The waiter brings back my plate and it looks disheveled and clearly reconstructed. I look at it and touch it to see if they remade the plate or just switched out the eggs. The waiter quickly snaps at me "I had them remake the whole plate" to which I reply "I highly doubt that, because its not hot." The icing on the cake and what made it so blatant that the food was not remade was my poached eggs were not even on the dish... they came on the side in a sad lonely little bowl. They remade the whole plate... really? There was no apology no admission he just carried on as usual. We received the check (tip already included because of the size of our group) and he went on about his business with out offering anything to compensate for the poor service and blatant lie. His name was David BTW, I was so pissed off I made sure to look it up so I could mention him, by name, in this review. The final nail in the Hash House coffin, the food aint that good. Its OK at best. Its over sized and over sauced and the taste is underwhelming. Its like they put extra portions of mediocre food on a plate cover it on bacon, mashed potatoes and sauce and call it spectacular. I know good food and this is no where close. Not a single person at the table seemed to be impressed, only one person even took left overs. The most impressive thing about the food at this restaurant other then the portion size was the huge branch of sage sticking out of their plate. That was pretty awe inspiring. Total restaurant fail.
1	Had the experience to visit the talked about place. My experience was awful the hostesses were unprofessional.  It was an hour forty minute wait - which at the time wasn't a problem, but once our name was called my friend  went down to the casino while we waiting.  I tell her she's on her way and she goes to tell we can be seat until all parties are available.  It was only two of us. Within five minute my friend was back upstairs - we finally get seated, our waiter comes introduced himself, take our order, bring our drinks never asked did we want water.  It was every bit of forty five minutes before our food came and guess what it took another twenty minute for my Hash Cobb salad to arrive, by that time I didn't want the salad I want to go our waiter never came over or nothing until I sent back the late salad.  My overall experience was horrible and the manager and staff was just disrespectful.
5	Ate here on 12/12. The wife got the CARAMEL ALL OVER MY MOCHA very good and big! I got the SMORES COFFEE drink. Very good. It had marshmallow fluff that was torched and served with graham crackers and lots of chocolate sauce. We shared the MAN VS FOOD favorite SAGE CHICKEN BENEDICT! Very good and plenty of food for 2. Service was great as well.
4	Excellent. Tons of food!!! Highly recommend. Don't count calories when you go. Just enjoy!!!
5	We decided to grab brunch before we headed back to Phoenix-- so glad that we did! I suggested this place to my husband and when he heard about some of the foods they offer up, he agreed to walk 2 miles up the strip from the Luxor to grab a meal before we left for home. We waited about 15-20 minutes a little before noon on a Monday. Not bad. Our waiter Nathaniel was really friendly, and let us know that the portions a big and it's okay to share. I love that they don't charge a split plate fee- I don't like restaurants that do. However, we decided to both get a meal so we could try more things. My husband went with the chicken and waffles, and I had the french toast with eggs and bacon on the side. Everything was so yummy!! We had left overs, so yes, you really can share and be plenty full. The prices were good, and brunch ran us $35 plus tip.
5	Everyone in my party enjoyed the food. Especially the quantity you get for the price. 1 hour long wait to be seated and 45 minute wait to be served our food. Party of 7. Still loved it!
5	Amazing food and well worth the wait.If you are hungry, I highly recommend this spot! Everything is made from scratch and not microwave. Anytime you are in Vegas , you will need to experience excellent food.
5	What an amazing place. Came here twice in 3 days. Gargantuan portions so think about sharing a plate if you're not totally starving.  $6 bloody marys which were to die for. Afforfable, great fast service, kick ass cheap drinks, what's not too love? Oh yeah, dishes are so creative looking and delicious!
1	I've probably had more bad meals in Vegas than anywhere else in the world. Let's face it the food quality overall in Vegas sucks.This place is just another example of an over hyped, underwhelming Vegas eatery.I could only eat about 1/4 of my plate (not because of the portion (it was tiny), but because it was disgusting) and I was not alone. I was sitting at the counter and plate after plate of barely touched meals were heading straight to the trash bin.If you've got the drunk breakfast munchies, take my advice and head over to the Denny's. You'll save yourself about 50% and will be less disappointed.Simply disgusting.
4	Hash House is wonderful. My boyfriend and I found Vegas on average to quite pricey as far as food was concerned. However, Hash House does not follow this trend. Their food is affordable and the portions generous. The best part is the service. Our waiter, Brad, was incredible. I highly recommend this restaurant to everyone.
4	The menu is good, everything looks delicious - the one thing you don't realize is the size of the food that is about to descend onto your table! The hamburgers we ordered were mammoth two 1/2 lbs. patties with cheese and goodness melted between the meat. The fries were delicious and if you can get a half a burger into you, you're a king. Leftovers are guaranteed and I have to agree with their slogan,"if you leave hungry it's your own fault". Prices were more than reasonable for the Vegas Strip and service was great at two different locations. Great place to visit, just make sure you're ready to carry a doggy bag the rest of the night.
5	Hubby had sage chicken and waffles..awesome presentation.  I had caramel, banana, pecan french toast with mashed hash browns(omg), and scram eggs.  THE OJ was sooooo good!  Service was great and it filled our bellies! We will be back!
5	You must come here at least once. Just come very hungry as the plates are very HUGE. They are very generous with their portions. Honestly, I forgot the name of what I ordered. One day I had their version of Eggs Benedict and on another day one of their burgers. Both times, I just told the waiter to surprise me with whatever he wanted as long as it was either a burger on one day and on the other day Eggs Benedict. He delivered and were both scrumptious. I eat and I couldn't finish either dish in its entirety. On the weekends, be prepared to wait for a table until your name is called. Considering, it's not really a large restaurant. During the weekdays you should have no problems being seated right away.
2	Large portions of tasteless food. That sums up my experience there. I ordered chicken and waffles, my other dining companions ordered 2 different popular dishes and we all came up with the same synopsis.  I also ordered their popular Mocha, again tasteless, watered down mocha. At least they are consistent. I was so excited to try this place. It was such a let down. My fried chicken was so carelessly under seasoned, my s'more mocha( another one of their so called special dishes) that I can only come to the conclusion that no one really cares there. I'm sorry to be harsh, but there is no other conclusion. The only reason I gave them two stars is because if you are someone that needs a lot of fat food and  flavor is not that much of a big deal, you'll like it here.  Sorry HH
5	Stopped here for a 1am dinner/breakfast! The red pepper and mozzarella burger was delicious, and so was the cucumber ranch dressing on my house salad. The portions are huge! My sister had the French toast and it was also very yummy. Definitely returning on my next trip to Vegas!
4	After years of wanting to try this place out, I finally did this past Sunday before heading home from Vegas. For the 2 of us to be seated, we waited 30 minutes but it seems like the wait time is typically longer. Our waiter was really friendly, and explained a bit about the menu to us since it was our first time. He checked in frequently as we decided what we wanted to eat and drink. We were never waiting for him to show up at the table. My sister and I split the chicken and rosemary hash with scrambled eggs and were both filled up. The potatoes were the best part of the dish, so flavorful and perfectly cooked. Besides beer they also have some fun mixed drinks available such as spiked kiwi watermelon lemonade. Other offerings include scrambles, giant salads, and stuffed burgers. Come here for some heavy food if you need to cure that Vegas hangover!
4	I found this restaurant here on Yelp while looking for a decent brunch spot to visit solo.  This place apparently has made a name for itself on the Vegas Strip because there was a ridiculous wait. When I approached the hostess stand, there seemed to be a lot of confusion as to whether lil' ole me had to sign in and wait 2 hrs or if I could just go over to the bar that clearly had three seats available. After waiting 10 mins, I decided to be a dare devil and just take a seat at the bar against the hostess' direction (no way in heck I was waiting 2hrs by myself). When I sat at the bar, I was immediately greeted by a bartender who directed me to the awesome tropical mimosa on the drink menu. The mimosa was pretty darn tasty and I eventually ordered a second. The menu was extensive so it was kinda difficult to make a decision on one of the many fantastical dishes to try. I finally opted for the hardwood bacon & avocado scramble. As you can see from the photos, the portions here are HUGE so I wasn't able to finish the meal. My food was absolutely scrumptious and all of the other plates I saw come out looked great as well. Overall, it was a great experience but the wait kept it from being a solid five-stars.
5	Awsome place. Very good food. Everyone is nice and accomodating. Took a little while to sit as we had a bigger group but eric was very good server!!! Highly recommended!!
5	Seriously the best brunch spot in Las Vegas! This is such a popular spot that you almost always have to wait 30+ minutes for a table, but it's so worth it :) My favorite item from here is the sage chicken and waffles. The waffles have BACON in them! And the chicken is just phenomenal! As you may have read from other reviews, these come in a HUGE portion. It's literally 3 meals for me, no joke! I've also tried the blueberry flapjack. The flapjack is the size of a pizza!! It tastes like just your ordinary pan cake, so nothing special there. Something else I've tried is their French toast. They should rename this "French bricks" because that's the size of these toasts!! I also love ordering the watermelon lemonade! So yummy! Overall, I LOVE dining at Hash House A Go Go :)
1	Don't come if you are in a hurry. 45 minutes to get seated and 30 minutes more to get food after placing the order. This is a popular place and is packed. Luckily they make great Bloody Mary's that can make the long waits bearable.I had the fried chicken Benedict hash which is one of their specials. BEWARE, they do scrambled eggs rather than poached eggs which makes this anything but Benedict IMHO.  Also, it LOOKED BETTER than it tasted. Trying a signature dish, I expect to be wowed. The only wow on this dish was the portion size. My wife had one of their scrambles and it was nothing special either. We won't be returning or recommending it to friends.
5	Had the best corned beef hash ever! It was so fresh! It came with two eggs as well.Mom ordered the eggs with a pancake and sausage.Boyfriend had the man vs. food Sage fried chicken Benedict and it was hugeeee!Only downside was the 45 minute wait bc of it's popularity. Huge portions and great food.
4	Located in the Quad, second floor. It can be a little confusing to get to because of the layout between the hotel and the parking garage but just follow signs and ask the employees. :] It is much like the Hash House in San Diego with the exception of the casino/smoke smell. Menu and dishes are exactly the same and if you have never been to Hash House, just a little warning - the dishes are huge! My BF and I decided to share instead of ordering one each since these dishes are a pretty decent size. We ordered the roasted chicken scramble with eggs, mushroom, and bell peppers. Got the crispy potatoes and fruit to go with. It was the perfect amount of food for two. :]FRIENDLY TIP: If you're going for brunch, get there early (before 10am) because the lines get extremely long. Also, the kitchen cook time took about 40 minutes which the waitress notified us before sitting down.
5	Best breakfast I've ever had! Got seated right away at the bar. Will definitely be back!
3	Food = not very awesome, Drinks = very awesome! This was our first stop in Vegas, as I've wanted to try it on many trips and just kept putting it off. The place was dead, barely anyone in it. I got the sparkling white wine spritzer or whatever it was....it was AH MAZEBALLS. Really really good, I could drink that all day. It was light, sweet, and refreshing. The husband and I shared the chicken and waffles, and, honestly, they were just ok. They were large. The bacon in the waffle wasn't that good, a little chewy (I know, sacrilege, but true), and the chicken was a little dry.... the syrup was congealed....just not my fave food in the world. I would return for more wine spritzer...yum....but I'd pass on the food.
3	This place was packed with people when BF and I arrived around noon on a Friday. We waited about an hour to get seated. I ordered the corned beef, red onions, and Swiss cheese house hash ($13.95). BF ordered Andy's sage fried chicken and waffles ($16.95). BF originally wanted eggs Benedict, but saw that it was served over a biscuit and not an English muffin, so he opted for the chicken and waffles. After we placed our order, the waiter gave us a heads-up that it will take about 30 minutes for our food to come. We weren't particularly in a hurry, but we were hungry and a bit tired of waiting.My order came first and it consisted of crispy potatoes with corned beef and melted Swiss cheese, two eggs, a biscuit the size of my fist, and a slice of watermelon and orange.BF's order came and it consisted of two pieces of chicken, four bacon waffles, and fried leeks. Both the chicken and waffles were a bit dry, which was disappointing. Overall, the food was tasty (but not amazing), and the portions were pretty big. We (mainly BF) managed to finish everything except for the biscuit. At the end, BF and I said we could have shared the chicken and waffles and gotten a smaller dish instead of another full entree.We left feeling very full, but would probably not go back due to the wait and ok-taste/price of the food. This place accepts payment by Total Reward Credits which we did and so the tax was knocked off.
5	Sure, it will clog your arteries and increase the diabetic population, but you only live once, right?!?!We ended up at this place because we were trying to get to the other location near Main Street, but the GPS took us for a twist.As soon as we got there, we were hooked.  In the entryway, they had Bloody Mary's that you could purchase and drink while you waited for your table.  The place was packed, but a VERY GOOD bloody mary while you wait makes the line a heck of a lot shorter!Once we got in, I ordered the Pistachio Mocha and she ordered the Smores Latte--both delicious and exactly what we were looking for.  The mocha was iced and very sweet--just the way I like it.  The flavor was good and the chocolate didn't drown out the pistachio--I don't think I could have asked for anything better!  The latte was hot and slightly less sweet--just the way she likes it.For the meal we ordered the veggie skillet thing (mushrooms, artichokes, sundried tomatoes, potatoes, spinach).  I can't remember what it was called, but it was by far the healthiest thing on the menu.  The portion size was large and it was great to see them load up the veggies and not just inundate the skillet with potatoes like other places tend to do to cut on costs.As a second dish, we ordered the Chicken and Waffles.  I have had chicken and waffles, but this was by far the best I have had.  First off, the chicken was deboned--which means you just cut into it and eat--no need to chomp through cartilage or cut around bones to get to the meat.  Second, the batter wasn't too thick or excessive and complemented the chicken perfectly.  Third, the chicken was cooked PERFECTLY--probably brine-soaked before they deep fried it because it was plump, juicy, and pretty much just a perfect piece of chicken.  Lastly, the waffle was cooked well, and right in the middle of each piece of waffle was a few slices of bacon, which was an awesome surprise to an already great meal.In the end, there was no room for dessert, but by that time, I was sold on this place and can't wait to get back here to eat again!Happy Eating!
5	Absolutely delicious!!! It's less of a wait with a small party but it's worth every minute! The service was good too. Get the chicken and waffles!!
4	We stumbled upon this place while wondering around the strip and to my surprise the place was really nice and it had a very fun atmosphere. My friends and I decided to grab something "light" but had no idea the portions were going to be so huge. I ordered the mozzarella cheese hamburger. The burger was really big and I also got the side of fries. The patty was very juicy and the temperature was perfect not too hot not too cold.  :) The cheese was perfectly melted on the patty. The sad part was.... THEY HAVE NO RANCH ... they had no RANCH!!!! :( I wanted to dip the fries in ranch !!! GAHHH hahah they gave me cucumber ranch?... which wasn't so bad but... didn't beat ranch.My friend ordered the smoked Applewood bacon hamburger I was too full to try hers but looked heavenly with the bacon in between the patty and the bun! She also ordered the tangerine mimosa but..that was definitely not a good choice...Other buddy of mine decided to order the sage fried chicken benedict. The presentation of the dish is very unappealing but the taste is the total opposite of what It looks like. There's so many flavors in one bite but it's complimentary with each other! Definitely a place to try when you're in the area and for the portion the price isn't so bad ! :) we actually took the left over back to the room and was enough to feed two people.
1	The late night service I'm receiving is nothing short of lazy and inconvenienced. The staff is impatient and static at best. Ordering food is a burden. If there were someplace better like. Denny's is more attractive than here. The night menu is limited and lazy. Wow. For all the praise this place gets I expect more. So not impressed. Bar staff is functional at best. She opens her own drink first rather than getting you a drink. Not impressive at all. Asked me if I wanted to order. I did. Then she didn't enter it in. Only asking me again what I ordered 5 minutes later. Not my favorite place period.
5	Seriously The Best Breakfast in Vegas!! I'm in love with Hash House!! Their hash scrambles and Bloody Mary's are to die for!! Love, love this place!'
4	We were checking out the new O'Shea's Casino next to The Quad casino and decided to grab a little grub. We took the escalator up and came up to an empty hostess stand, but she came back pretty quickly and seated us right away. The waitress came over shortly thereafter and we were off and running. I ordered the corned beef hash with two eggs over easy. The potato cubes arrived super crispy, which I love. The hash was fresh and tasty and had some swiss cheese running throughout.  It also came with a nice slice of watermelon.  The corned beef is more of a shredded style of hash. I'm a fan and I'll definitely be back for more.
5	Food is great here, with large portion sizes and flavors galore.Love the bloody mary bar at the entrance. Great way to pass time when you're waiting. And not to mention they're "bloody" good!We only had about a 20 minute wait, but our kids were a little fussy. The bar was nice enough to give us a few slices of fruit (watermelon slices and orange slices) to distract them. Just perfect.The only downside for me was the volume of the music. It seemed really loud, making it difficulty to talk. Good to drowning out kid noice, but a little overwhelming too with everything else going around (televisions, hustle/bustle). I think taking it down a notch would make it perfect!
5	You shall find this amazing breakfast/brunch restaurant inside the Quad Resort & Casino.Came here during early Saturday morning and there was no line at all. Service was top notch - probably the best service I've ever had for a breakfast place. Sage Fried Chicken & Waffles (two chicken breasts w/ hardwood smoked bacon, waffle tower, hot maple reduction, fried leek - $16.95, New York Times Favorite) - First of all, I was completely astonished by the decoration. It was such a simple piece of art - fried leek stick on top of fried chicken. Honestly, fried chicken wasn't mind-blowing (not super juicy, but not horrible either). The bacon-infused waffle was interesting, but wasn't as fluffy and great tasting as I thought. Nonetheless, fired leek was pretty good! In terms of taste, I would probably give 3.5-stars. However, its amazing / friendly service, huge portion of food, and beautiful decoration (the "surprise" factor) definitely enhanced my overall dining experience. I am more than happy to come back here and something different next time.
5	Best place for breakfast on the Strip... newer clean place, huge portions, great price for the quality, and very attentive staff.The line to get in can be pretty crazy, but if you have the time to wait, this is the place... you can't beat $8.95 for a simple breakfast platter that's big enough to feed Paul Bunyan!
5	This was our first time eating here, and we had one of the best experiences. We had the brown sugar banana pancake at our waiters ( 41158 Bryan )recommendation. Wow that was the best pancake we have ever eaten!!!!   The service was more then exceptional. Our drink were never empty, the food was unbelievably good, and the out waiter was very professional and friendly. The portions are enough to feed you for a few days.thanks Hash House...and a big thanks to Bryan.
4	HH is a fantastic place for breakfast! Been to two locations in Las Vegas and both are consistent. Plan on waiting because this place is popular and rightly so.....but it's well worth the wait. I had the dishes from the traditional breakfast to chicken and waffles. If you like pancakes, I highly recommend the Snickers pancakes....yuuuuummm!
4	The final food spot on this Vegas leg was Hash House. This place was packed, so we decided to bar at the bar. The bartender was full of energy and was very knowledgeable about the menu. We ordered the bacon stuffed waffle and the sage fried chicken Benedict. Let me tell you, it was a ton of food. The Benedict by itself was enough for two people, but when you add the waffle it turns into a "You will be Full as hell experience".  Good experience and I would definitely be returning!
3	The food here will feed your eyes better than your stomach. When the food gets to the table there's bound to be ooos and ahhs. But as soon as you eat a bite you'll be disappointed. Maybe even confused. How can something that looks so delicious taste so bland??? Yes the portions are big, but big portions come with big prices. The chicken and waffles can easily feed two people, so I definitely recommend sharing. Unfortunately that means only trying one item if you're not in a big party.The wait at 2pm was estimated at 45 min to an hour, but we got seated after 20 min. If you don't feel like waiting, be sure to check the bar for self seating!
4	In my short visit to Vegas, this place had a secure spot on my "to-do/must-eat" list. So for my first morning I headed over, sat at the bar and ordered the sage fried chicken ("featured on MvF!").Before I talk about the food itself, the staff there were fantastic, friendly and quick, and served with a smile and generous quick wit. That was certainly a pleasure! To go with my food, I had an apple juice and here they serve it unfiltered which is just the way I like it. When my (massive) meal arrived, it certainly looked very impressive with a tall sprig of thyme next to a steak knife impaling the food. The food itself, however, was on the bland side given the presentation (and my sky-high expectations I suppose). Don't get me wrong, it was all well-cooked and all but with the chicken and everything else drowned in the creamy sauce/gravy, there was not much going on.I'm still awarding four stars to Hash House, for good service and presentation. Food-wise it's one star down but only based on one visit and only trying one dish. Everyone else there looked happy!
4	Bit of a wait but worth it! The bloody mary's are super good- spicy and delish. I got the fried chicken n waffles- a big plate of yummy goodness.. The waffles even had pieces if bacon in them!
3	another one opens up....another crowded spot. this is my 3rd Hash House and definitely my least favorite one. we were enough not to have to sit through a long wait to get seated on new years morning when we arrived. the place was crowded but i guess we just got lucky. although, by the time we left the restaurant, the waiting area was completely packed.anyway, we sat at a booth towards the back of the restaurant. our server was nice and friendly, she checked on us frequently even though it was obvious that she was running around servicing multiple large groups. i ordered the andy's sage fried chicken salad while others in my party had the popular dishes, chicken and waffles, pancakes, fried chicken eggs benedict.  my salad, just like all of their dishes, was ginormous! a house bowl of salad with caramlized pecans, apple slices, two pieces of the fried chicken and the big ol' biscuit. i asked for the mango dressing on the side. i have had the sage fried chicken at other locations and this time, my chicken was completely BLAND. what happened???? i was soooo disappointed :( i still think they have really good food here with over the top portions at good prices but honestly this experience has killed it for me. i was afraid this was going to happen, they grow too fast, open too many locations and suddenly the quality of food goes down. i really hope they make the proper adjustments soon.
4	I went to Hash House A Go Go for the first time in San Diego and had a fantastic plate of food with fantastic company. So when I was looking for brunch places in Vegas, and saw that it was conveniently located down the strip, I told my friends and family we were going there for brunch.We arrived for a late brunch on a Saturday. At about 2:00 probably. And it looked like there was a long wait, but in fact the queue went by quite quickly. In fact, our friends weren't there yet, so we had to tell them that we weren't ready to be seated. However, since we waited quite awhile for them, we were first in the queue when they did come, so we got seated fairly quickly after they arrived.The service is a bit hectic, but our server was really nice and helpful. We ordered Bloody Marys all around, and I opted for the BLT Mary. It comes with toast and a packet of mayonaiise and you get to build your own mini BLT with the garnish. Fun and tasty! Not the best Bloody Mary around, but big and strong enough to get the job done.I had the sage chicken benedict and it was really incredible. The other half ordered the chorizo hash and it was also really tasty. Just a lot of food. A lot. Like none of us finished our meals. But that's okay. It's not incredibly expensive for the food you get, and they weren't really in a rush to get us out so we got to chill out and have a good time.Our friends who are Vegas veterans (they live close by so get out here quite a bit) were impressed with my choice as they really enjoyed their lunch. I'd definitely come back and go to other locations. Maybe try something else. But their benedicts are so good, it would be hard for me to choose something else.
3	What I really admire about this place is the emphasis they put on making everything from scratch and using high quality ingredients. It's written in fine print on the bottom of their menu, along with a little notification that your food may take awhile to prepare because of it. (Our waiter quoted us 45 minutes for our food to be done after we ordered.)As for the food though, I was pretty underwhelmed. We ordered the Chicken Benedict, Chicken and Waffles, a smoked salmon scramble and a chicken hash dish. The portions here are very large. Four dishes fed 7 girls, and we probably would have been just fine with 3 entrees instead of being greedy and adding the fourth.The star of the show was the Chicken Benedict. Delish! The sauce and melted cheese... Mmm.. The flavor is different from your traditional Benedict with hollandaise sauce, and well worth your time. Everything else we ordered though kind of fell flat for me. Bland... Boring... A waste of my stomach space. I was looking forward to the chicken and waffles most but I had a few bites and abandoned it. The wait to be seated and the wait to get your food is a little unbearable, especially when you're hungover from your Vegas shenanigans the night prior. But I would come back just for that benedict!
2	Above average prices with below average food. We ordered the smores latte and the chicken and waffles. The portions are big and look appealing when they come out, however when you start eating it does not satisfy the taste buds. When I eat junk food and put unhealthy foods into my body I at least want it to taste good. Also our waitress was very absent most of the meal. We had to go up to the bar to ask for hot sauce and ketchup. I would not recommend eating here. There are much better options.
5	Worth the wait. Best breakfast place in Vegas. A unique spin on classic breakfast. I had the sage fried chicken and waffles. Yum. Yum. Yum. The hubby had the biscuits and gravy. The gravy was almost as good as mine. ;) Only downfall. No restrooms in restaurant. You have to go down to the casino. Kind of a drag.
5	I ordered an avocado burger thing and I was in a food coma the whole day. The price is definitely worth the quantity and quality you get. It's a feast for your eyes and stomach. Some of the most amazing food on the strip after you go out and its open 24 hrs. Our waiter was top notch with his customer service bringing us all water before even asking what we wanted. I definitely loved that I wish more places did that. I'll definitely be back :)
1	Trash house a hell no is what I call this place.  I went on the recommendation of a few friends and it was flat out terrible.  I ordered the infamous chicken and waffles and the chicken was atrocious.  All of the people at my table agreed that it was the driest chicken they have ever had.  We literally had to slug down a glass of water with every bite (no exaggeration).  The waffle was okay with the bacon inside but the chicken was unforgivable.  My friend got the Cobb salad and holy crap was it terrible.  Truthfully I would advise people not to go here unless you are staying at the quad hotel (old imperial) or you enjoy bone dry chicken and terrible food.  I know this review sounds harsh but it was genuinely terrible.Also New York times should be ashamed of themselves for recommending the chicken and waffles.  It's actually embarrassing that they recommended this garbage on a printed publication for the world to read.
4	We loved the Hash House! My husband got the chicken and waffles and I got one of those big ol' pancakes. The chicken was fantastic with a pervasive, but not overpowering, taste of sage. I got one of the brown sugar banana pancakes and it was at least 6x bigger than the ones I make at home. It was SOOO GOOD. I wasn't able to finish it at the restaurant, so we took it back to our room and saved it for a snack later in the day. It was just as good then ;) Definitely recommend.
4	You want a big-ass burger? Look no further.Hash House A Go Go has one-pound burgers by default. Yes, you will literally weigh an extra pound after finishing a creation that takes up most of your plate.Will you have a food coma afterwards? Youbetcha. Is it worth it? Absolutely.
3	Tried the Corn Beef Hash during breakfast morning hour.  Was good...but even though the plate looks big...a little deceiving since most of it was the potatoes.  Overall, a very different Pig/Cow themed restaurant upstairs from the lobby of the The Quad hotel.  A bit pricey maybe for some folks.  With tip and coffee, price comes out to be about $20.  But you're on the strip so that price is probably normal.  I don't know why the wait time was so long since there were many empty tables on the back.  But once at the table, the service was pretty quick.
2	Word of mouth spreads fast for this place which is hidden inside one of the less stellar hotels of the strip (and I say this in the least snotty way possible). Came here based on a coworkers recommendation of LARGE PORTIONS, CHEAP PRICES (notice the emphasis, he basically yelled this at me). We get there and there is a whole crowd of people and a 1 hour wait time. We patiently wait next to a giant plastic cow until our names are called at which point once we are seated, our waiter informs us its another 45 minutes for food. Based on all this wait time, you expect something spectacular, right? Husband ordered the chicken and waffles and I just got their buttermilk pancake since I was planning to eat his food anyway. Well the LARGE PORTIONS definitely is true. Also, they bring out the food as its ready and not all together so I got my pancake like 15 minutes before he got his food which is kind of awkward but whatever. Chicken was okay, moist and flavorful. Waffles were a disaster, some weird smell. Also, for such large portions, really only 1 small cup of syrup?? I saw multiple tables request a plate of extra syrup cups. Total bill came to $24 for two entrees and an iced tea. I'm sure this review won't discourage those who have already bought into the hype (it's okay, I was one of those) but for those who have discerning tastes, skip this place unless it's convenient for you and there is less wait time. There is better quality food out there in the vast wonderland that is the Las Vegas Strip.
5	Quite worried about the large portions after reading the reviews, but the sun-dried tomato with goat cheese scrambled egg omelette came in a manageable quantity, and was definitely enough to kick-start a day in Vegas. Fluffy scrambled egg was what you'd expect from any good quality American breakfast, and the hazelnut mocha overflowing with goodness was a nice complement. Though the line to get in was long and it was a busy morning, once in the servers were prompt, polite and attentive. Definitely worth a visit if you stay on the strip.
1	only if you'd like to be fed a trough of food like a pig. disgusting portions. my pancake had an 18 inch diameter. would rather pay for better quality food with normal portions than this mess of a plate. the lighting in here is nauseating. 30 minute meal felt like an eternity in purgatory.
5	Amazing. Huge portions and very tasty. I got the corned beef hash. Had to take home half. Service was excellent. It was nice to be treated well. I didn't feel like a tourist they were trying to rush out the door. It felt more like a mom and pop restaurant. Highly recommend will come back next time I am in town.
5	Food and service was great! Definitely bring your appetite! Highly recommend the Sage fried chicken & waffles... they beat Roscoe's, hands down. As busy as it was, our server was very attentive. Expect to take a to-go box out the door. Will come back for sure!
4	Deliciousness wrapped in a layer of Vegas fun... little too crowded during lunch but plenty of food served, 4 stars
4	Amazing!! Wish I came here earlier in my trip. We had the french toast, and hh benedict with the tangerine mimosas.Food was CRAZY. Large portions and loved how it all tasted. Waiter told us to try the pancakes (which bakes bananas and other stuff inside instead of on top!)Definitely try the mimosas, so gooood!
3	FAT KIDS CLUBBe prepared for the LOoOoooOong WAIT here.  Good part is you can put your name down on a list and go gamble.  For 2 people the wait was an hour and 15 minutes.  Another way to beat the system is to order your meal to-go it took 30 minutes.Trust me when I say you can share a dish.  For the girls trying to hit up the clubs later on at night I suggest you DON'T try to finish a dish and just share.  Unless you don't mind feeling like a torta exploding out of your mini dress LOL.The food here is ehhh...Chicken and Waffles:  chicken was dry and the skin wasn't as crispy as I like.  The waffles were huge but sort of soft and mushy.  Every bite required a big gulp of milk to wash it down - that dry.OG Benedict:  bacon, spinach, eggs over easy and biscuit with a tomato cream dressing which was delicious!  Comes with mashed potatoes which makes everything better (and unhealthier but who cares you're in Vegas!).If I come back I'll be coming back when it's off-time for breakfast/lunch/dinner the peak time is just too crazy.BTW this is one of the LOUDEST restaurant I've eaten at.
4	The Rec and Food.Andy Sage's Fried chicken is a mist. doesn't matter which you get, they are all great. Chicken was perfect. Crispy on the outside and moist thru out. Bacon mashed was creamy the way I liked it and Cheese scrambled eggs!The Service.Wait time to be seated 15mins. Server was great if we were curious anout an item id it was ordered in his area he'd run by with a quick flash.Only issue i had was wait time for food but it is to be expected of a kitchen that doesn't use heat lamps or micros.
4	Stumbled across Hash-House-A-Go-Go's menu on the Internet and couldn't WAIT to try it when we got to Vegas. I was stuck trying to decide between the Sausage Gravy Pot Pie (which seemed like a perfect cure for my Vegas hangover) and the Chicken & Waffles. I ended up opting for the Chicken & Waffles because the server said it was the second most popular item on the menu. My boyfriend ordered the first, Man VS. Food's top pick, the Sage Fried Chicken Benedict. The portions were ginormous, easily shareable, and the prices were reasonable (for Vegas). Plus, they're open 24hrs, so it's perfect for drunk munchies or a hungover brunch.
4	Anything that opens 24/7 in Vegas is already a plus for me. Who knows when you're gonna be starving after the club or after a long night of drinking?!Anyways, we came here around noon time and there was a 5 minutes wait. Not too bad. Our server was very attentive and explained the menu to us. We ordered the Andy sage fried chicken Benedict to share. That thing was HUGE! It was quite tasty but maybe a little too heavy for me. I would love to come back here and try other things they have on the menu.
4	A good place to grab brunch/lunch on the strip. The food is pretty good and it's reasonably priced. The portions are HUGE, so split with a friend. I was here alone, and had to leave a large portion of my roasted chicken hash behind. The stuffed burgers are as monstrous. There can be a bit of a wait, even when there are empty seats. I'm guessing the reason is that the kitchen can only handle so much at a time. In fact, I was seated at a huge booth within 10 min and my section was pretty much empty, but the waiter did warn me that there is a delay in the kitchen.Wouldn't go out of the way to go to this place, but if you're in the area it's definitely decent
4	The wait time is super long but I was lucky to grab a seat at the bar and the bar service was amazing! I ordered the Fried Chicken Benedict. The portion was enough for three people, I'm looking forward to the leftovers. The cream sauce had just the right amount of kick. This dish was awesome and I can't wait to try other menu items.
4	Bomb dot com! I would give 5 stars if it weren't for the rude hostess who was giving us attitude in the beginning. But apart from that, the food and service was amazing. I am obsessed with their kiwi watermelon lemonade!! I also ordered their roasted chicken hash ...the first thing on the top of their menu. Delicious! I don't think anything here will be disappointing. The wait is hella long but I guess you can go gamble while you wait (:
5	Best American breakfastThe portions are enormousIf you like to eat this is the place.I never usually go to the same restaurant when I travel  but I am returning today I am curios to try other plates
4	Good food. Poor service.  We were seated in the bar area due to a long wait.  Our bartender/waiter forgot to put our order in.  We had to ask for refills of coffee and soda, and we had to ask for cream, jelly and butter.  No compensation was made for the forgotten order.
5	Oh. My. God. Can this place really be real? The food here is absolutely INCREDIBLE! So delicious with EXTRA LARGE portions...like, share with a friend. Seriously. We ordered Andy's Sage Fried Chicken Benedict and the Chicken and Waffles and both dishes were to die for. Bacon strips placed inside of waffles?! How can you not be ok with that?? Bes thing ever. No complaints just super full bellies and an awkward waddle out the door. We had a 45 minute wait to be seated for a party of 5 but we just headed to O'Shea's downstairs to pass the time. Went by pretty quick and definitely worth the wait. The place is open 24 hours which is also a cool touch as it makes for great drunk and/or hungover food. Or just good food in general. Oh and don't forget to try the BLT Bloody Mary!!
3	Went here with some friends for breakfast after a late night out. We arrived shortly before 10am and the place was packed. We had a party of three and it took about 30 minutes to be seated so be prepared to wait.For my meal, I got the meatloaf hash. It was a large portion (as many people mention here), but I have to say it was quite lackluster. The food was very average in taste and even the "hash" was disjointed. All of the items seemed to be placed in the skillet randomly and didn't really have a tie together.Overall, this place is pretty pricey, you have to wait a long time and the food is very average. Sorry to say, this place is not worth the hype.
5	Went into HH LV with my heart set on the French Toast with banana cream, pecans, whipped cream. It was dinner and not on the menu. Inquired with the server if I could get it anyway. She politely declined, with reason. I asked her to please inquire with the chef if he would make it for me and she came back to the table with a big yes! Thank you  Krystie, great server, great attitude. Thank you chef!
1	Horrible experience from the moment we got there to the last step out the restaurant. Had to wait one hour and when we returned after checking out some slots for about 50 minutes, we found out they called our name just a few minutes earlier. This resulted in about ANOTHER  35 minute wait. Ridiculous. Our waitress seemed nice at first and progressively got less and less helpful. Orders we taken wrong, eggs prepared the wrong way. We asked for a correction and the food had to literally be re- prepared from scratch. I asked the waitress if my meal would have the same amount of chicken as the other chicken dishes and she assured me they were the same. When my dish came out i was shocked at how little chicken was in the meal. I asked her about it and she said it was supposed to be that way. What was she talking about just a few moments earlier, then?! We even asked for the manager because the experience was just that bad. The manager came by asked what was wrong. Mumbled something about getting that issue taken care of. And never heard an apology from him or the waitress. In fact we hardly ever saw him or the waitress again. Not til the meal was over. Wow. We pretty much lost our appetite just from the service alone but the lack of taste and quality in the food didn't help either. Then to top it off, a huge gnat landed and was crawling around one of our biscuits. Yummy. Yeah it's safe to say I regretted going to this place. The food was bland, carb heavy and cold. I think even IHOP or Denny's wouldve tasted better at the same price. I'm sure this isn't going to deter or impact the demand since there are so many rave reviews but my experience does not reflect the majority, sadly. I will definitely be calling their customer satisfaction line if they have one. There are only a few times I've felt insulted and outright sad from poor food and service, and this is one that is high on my personal list. I won't be back here again.
3	I'd give this place 4 stars albeit for the atmosphere.  A place that does such a good job with breakfast should be in a in a spot where their customers can look out a window.  Yikes.  Good food though!
5	Delicious food! Big portions! We had breakfast here and it was awesome. Like others said, the portions for a lot of foods are shareable... Especially the pancake! The pancake is the size of medium pizza! It's not only huge, but yummy. As were the crispy potatoes. Highly recommend eating here!
5	The most delicious brunch on the strip! We waited 30 minutes and would have waited an hour, but we scoured 2 seats at the counter, which was a fun place to sit!We had a server named Mary I think, so sassy and on point with her bodacious coffee creations and witty counter banter. We ordered and split the chicken and waffles huge dish...it was plenty for 2, with decadent coffee drinks to boot, No fresh OJ was the only critique, but I'll return many times for such delicious chicken and waffles!
4	They told us the wait would be 45min to am hour.  We went downstairs to use our phones.  There is absolutely no reception in there, their only major con. Would be nice if they had free wifi.  It is difficult to have people meet you for breakfast when they can't get a hold of you.  They also do not let you use their phone. We came up after 30min and our name had actually been called 5min prior.  We waited 2 more minutes and got sat at a nice booth. Our server Jason was amazing.  He was very happy which made my mood better. He suggested a wonderful mimosa. Fresh squeezed orange juice.  It was very fresh and a good sweet.  She ordered the tractor combo with a vanilla waffle. They gave her potatoes instead of bacon.  They brought out her bacon quickly and she got to keep the potatoes too.  She said it was the best waffle she ever had!   I ordered the French toast.  The banana and pecans come together with the French toast so well. The toast is very thick. Felt like I had close to a loaf of bread on my plate haha.  Love the portions here $12.95 for each of our plates.  This restaurant is always consistent.  My favorite breakfast in Las Vegas.
5	Be prepared for a long wait unless you stalk people at the bar, which we did and waited less than 5 minutes. The service was wonderful, and even though the bartender was swamped he was attentive and nice. They were very knowledgable about food prep since I have a gluten allergy. My husband had the chorizo hash- spicy (and I love spicy), delicious, and a great portion. I had the eggs Benedict with the roasted red pepper sauce- I added hot sauce, so flavorful, enough for 2 people. The person next to me had a pancake that looked great- no exaggeration it was about 1 foot in diameter. Fresh squeezed oj was yummy and coffee was good (with free refills).
5	Boyfriend had the sage chicken and I had an Indiana special ( crispy potatoes, eggs, biscuits and gravy ) and we both loved our meals. The portions on our meals were huge, so we didn't leave hungry. We should have known it was going to be big when the sage chicken was a Man Vs. Food Favorite :) Service was great and we'll be back here.
5	"1 word... large portions" was what our server said upon greeting us at 3am. Well he was right! We ordered the Chicken Benedict and it was a wonderful combo of mashed potato, biscuit, egg, chicken, spicy gravy, spinach, and perfectly fried chicken. I may have missed another ingredient because they were piled on each other like a mountain. I usually don't like this form of "plating" (if you can call it that). Yet, everything worked and was perfect. I enjoyed it so much, I came back for breakfast... brunch... lunch... linner? Don't judge me, we were just here at 3am... next meal... cut to 3 pm. Ordered the Trucker Breakfast and a Smore Mocha. Smore Mocha was yummy, just hard to drink bc of their "plating?" It was drenched in chocolate syrup (not the drink, but the cup). I had to rip the cup of the plate bc the syrup glued the two pieces together. It wasn't discouraging enough to take any stars off their rating though. The waffle with banana was AMAZING.  So, basically... just come eat here. Be prepared to stuffed and sticky ;-).
2	Stop with the great reviews. Lets put aside the extremely slow service (it was only 6PM and the restaurant was about 40% full) and the screw up with the salads and forgetting an entree., Everyone has a bad night. So lets just focus on the food. Its just too much mediocre fare. Chicken pot pie.. just mashed potatoes with a boring gravy with more potatoes. Meatloaf - not that much flavor and again with the mashed potatoes. The salad was limp and not that cold.. not fresh.  The waffles are waffles... the chicken is fried chicken. I just don't see the amazement. So - once for the experience. But if you want a tasty meal, just turn around and go to Johnny Rockets - a simply burger will make you happier - trust me.
5	This is the place to go if you're looking to get your money's worth on the strip. The best items are available all day and are large enough that you can split a single dish with someone or take your leftovers to get two meals out of it (I'm definitely okay with that in Vegas). The bloody mary's don't quite live up to the marketing, but that only brings this place to a 4.5/5, and I'm willing to round up in this case.Their fried chicken benedict is fantastic, and while it's not as light as you would expect it to be... it really doesn't matter when it's gigantic and you're already drunk from watching some of the morning games down at the sportsbook bar in Planet Hollywood. Each individual part of the benedict was delicious and the price for it made the entire meal a great value. I've been to several places in other Casino resorts that charge more for the same "quality" of fare and give you a lot less in terms of taste, size, and price. The service staff when I went this last time was friendly and took care of me promptly despite a busy bar. I will always make it a point to visit here when I'm down in Sin city.
4	Service was very good. I did experience a service failure and the way it was handled was exceptional. My food came out and the chicken was luke warm, granted I did request something different with the meal that could have made for a longer wait in the window. The server immediately took my food to be refired once he was informed. The manager came right afterward to get an understanding of the situation. Everything was resolved immediately. Not only that, the server did not once let it affect our experience. The server continued to offer an above and beyond memory that I will take with me when dining at other outlets. Thank you!
4	Walked here from the Elara and it was worth it.  Not crowded early in the morning, and service was friendly and attentive.  The food came out much quicker than expected.
2	So disappointing!!! Came in because I heard great things, read awesome yelp reviews, and the menu online was enticing. We had monorail passes so getting there was easy. My husband and I both decided on the hash since it's what they're famous for. I'm a foodie and almost always order what a place is known for.... it's supposed to be the best choice, right? WRONG! First of all, the hash is not a hash, beware hash lovers. It is large chopped crispy potatoes with stuff on top. I got the corned beef hash, and it was literally breakfast potatoes with shredded beef on top. I was hoping for the delish smushy goodness of everything cooked together in a hash.. and it totally fell short. It was also served in a cast iron skillet that it wasn't even cooked in. What I really wanted was their vegetable "hash" with corned beef added to it. But they wouldn't let me... which I found strange. They said I could remove things but couldn't add anything. I didn't care if it cost more, I just wanted veggies with my hash. But nope. I also ordered they're "famous" blt bloody mary which also fell short. It was watery from the first sip, and I really didnt understand the giant lettuce and tomato in it. To top it off my hash arrived incorrect, 3 times. The poached egg, although cooked in water, was cooked to a rock. It came with a biscuit when I asked for unbuttered toast. And then the toast arrived with butter. I'm allergic to dairy so there really wasn't any ignoring it... The server asked to take it back again but my husband's would have gotten cold.The two stars are for the glass that I got to keep from my drink and for the server taking my meal off the check. Unfortunately, I don't understand the hype this place gets and I won't be coming back...
4	Like its sister restaurant in San Diego, the food at this location doesn't disappoint. I shared a plate of the fried chicken and waffles with my boyfriend during a trip. Just like home. Yum! I liked the fried scallions that came with the dish. I really enjoyed the play of sweet versus savory on the plate. May I suggest dipping your fried chicken in some maple syrup? We watched a neighboring table where each guy ordered a plate for himself. Needless to say, they all left with doggie bags since the portions are so huge. There were a few dings and that's why I rated this 4/5 stars. The restaurant was difficult to find and the hotel was undergoing some construction at the time. The service could have been better. The server did not check in with us to see how we were doing and was a little clueless as to the tip we left her. We chose this place to dine since we had a gift card to use. It was not valid at this location since it was purchased at the San Diego location who has separate ownership.
4	The wait time was decent & the servers/staff are friendly ! Jesus could've def came here when he fed the Multitude lol. Ordered chicken & waffles & it was a huge serving! I'm a glutton & I still couldn't finish it all! The food was delish! Bacon bits in between the waffles def topped it off for my taste buds. The fried chicken was perfection! Libation of choice : Tangerine Mimosa !
2	Highly disappointed. Was coming with super high expectations, and maybe that was my downfall. First off, we waited 55 minutes for a table. Once getting seated our waiter informed us that it would be another 45 minutes for our food once we ordered. I wanted to leave right then and there but we waited out of sheer desperation. They should at least give you some bread or something to munch on if you're waiting that long. I got the first farm Indiana special, which was sage fried chicken, bacon mashed potatoes, eggs, and a biscuit.The chicken was extremely dry, and the only hint of sage flavor was the dry rosemary they threw on top.The BACON mashed potatoes was just mashed potatoes with two slices of bacon on top. Not horrible, but deceiving from the menu description.I got my eggs over medium. They were good, but how hard is it to mess up eggs?The biscuit was good, but very dry and sucks up any ounce of moisture in your mouth without any butter or jam or syrup. The display was elaborate and pretty, ill give them that. And the portions were MASSIVE. But overall I'd save the money for this expensive meal and go to Denny's instead.
5	We loved this place. The only bad thing was that we couldn't get everything on the menu.  The portion sizes are giant and can easily be shared by 2-3 people.  Our server told us this before we ordered which was great because she wasn't trying to upsell anything! To be honest the prices are so reasonable that we each ordered a dish. My husband got the meatloaf hash and I got the biscuits and gravy. They were both amazing and giant portions but a great deal for the price. Go there,  try anything, you won't be disappointed!
5	Amazing amazing amazing...needed a great meal at 230am....the apple cinnamon banana pancake....holy wow!!!!.great service and ammmmazing food. Blue cheese hamburger amazing as well.
4	Been here 2x ... It's still the same place now called the quad and no longer imperial palace... Through the construction up the escalators and to the left. The first I went we had pretty much breakfast second time lunch but both times had the chicken and waffles... I have to say that I went with two different groups (breakfast there was 4 of us and 2nd there was only 3 of us) And both times we couldn't finish anything! The portions are so huge u can probably feed that family with 19 kids and counting lol. Ok maybe not that much. But I guess you can order 3 chicken and waffles and feed them all lmao. I'm not a big chicken and waffles fan. I'm more of I like chicken and I like waffles but not together. The chicken was fried but a bit dry. The waffles however was fluffy and infused with bacon! Yums! Other than that their menu is pretty generic.. Hamburgers, salad and meatloaf! Though all good portions nothing to brag about.
5	Hash house is the definition of over the top! The food is amazing, the portions are insane, and the value is unbeatable. I had one of their "favorite" scrambles (roasted chicken, corn, mozzarella) and it was fantastic. The crispy potatoes are not to be missed. Definitely check out this spot when you are in Vegas.
3	Huge portions, perfect hangover food, but the service was less than attentive. I'd go back bc the food helped clear up my hangover.
1	The food was extremely greasy. My portobello mushroom cap sandwich was basically just greasy spinach lettuce with the tiniest mushroom I've ever seen. When I complained to the waiter he said he'd bring me another but never did and then basically avoided us for the rest of the evening. We only saw him again when he brought our check. Will not be returning!
5	i think i could eat here everyday and never get over it. The food is from Heaven and the portions can feed a Lion.  Even the drinks are unique. A+ service also
3	I had the Andy's Fried Chicken Benedict this morning and let me tell you that it is alot of food. I thought the fried chicken was very tasty but the whole ensemble of food is just a mish mash of odd flavors. You have the fried chicken sittng over eggs that sit over a southern style biscuit and mashed potatoes. Then they throw some sliced tomatoes and spinach and cheese and they pour this chipotle mayo over everything. This dish is probably popular because it was featured on "Man vs Food". Overall I would not order this dish again but you should probably try it because it is unique.
3	Went with party of 10 on Sunday for lunch. Estimated wait time was about 1 hour for seating and 45 minutes for food.Food ~ After waiting forever, of course I can see why this place is "amazing" as others posted since we're practically starving when our food comes. The portion size is HUGE so prepare to food coma afterwards. I shared the chicken and waffles with a friend which was perfect amount. There wasn't anything AMAZING about the chicken and waffles - I would say a little bit too dry. The syrup for the waffles barely helped with the dryness. HOWEVER, the watermelon lemonade was delicious! Location ~ It was an easy walk from where we stayed at (Vdara) especially since we were able to walk the strip and see all the stuff along the way. Atmosphere ~ Not much "waiting" room in their area so wouldn't recommend going with a big party like we did. Although, some of us went downstairs to gamble for a bit so that killed time. Overall ~ A good experience to check out but wouldn't come here again. The wait was too long and the food was okay. If you had limited time in Vegas like we did, we could have spent our 2 hours somewhere else.
5	must go! bomb breakfast! huge portions! friend chicken was the bomb! still full!
4	Solid place, great food, great service. We arrived at 8:30 on a Wednesday morning and had a 10 minute wait. By the time our table was ready the lobby was filling up. Definitely get there early if you don't want to wait long!The menu has a wide range of items. I got one of the farm scrambles (bacon, avocado, onion, and swiss). It came with a biscuit and potatoes. More than enough food. In fact, the portions here are insanely huge. One of my reasons for giving them four stars instead of five is because there is no need for portion sizes to be this large. It's pretty, and impressive, but ultimately it's just a waster of food. Most people leave a good amount behind.The other reason for giving them four stars is that the potatoes were not that great. They were not terrible but not worth any room in my stomach. I focused on my biscuit (excellent!) and scramble.My brother had the chicken and waffles. It was insane! Two pieces of fried chicken and four or more waffles. The waffles had strips of bacon inside them. We thought the added bacon in the waffles was fun, but again, an unnecessary amount of food that went to waste. Cut the chicken and waffles down to half the size and probably most people still couldn't eat it all.Our server was fantastic - some of the best service we had in all of Vegas (shout out to Billy). The host was not super friendly and barely made eye contact, but he was efficient. I do recommend going for breakfast. Price is very reasonable and food is delicious. It's prepared to order so expect to hang out a bit as they cook it. Well worth it!
5	This was an excellent meal. Only thing is cost of a dinky orange juice was $3.95! Would've almost been better off to but a beer. That being said, this place has awesome food and portions are very generous! Had the Goshen Scramble, with farm fresh eggs and some weird name sausage, but it was very yummy and tasty!Will be coming back definitely!
4	Food: good! Chicken and waffles and potatoes. Great portions and decent prices. Service: good for as busy as they are. Atmosphere: looks good but it is soooooo busy all the time and the wait sucks!!!We love this place but you have to be patient. Expect a 45 minute wait.
5	Great food, service, and price!When I was planning my trip to Vegas, I did some research on places to eat and this was very high on the list. One of the main reasons was because it was featured on Man vs. Food.My friend and I decided to eat here for breakfast and I wasn't disappointed at all. I decided to try the "Andy's Sage Fried Chicken Benedict", mainly because this is what was featured on Man vs. Food. It had everything in it: mashed potatoes, bacon, cheese, friend chicken, egg, tomatoes, spinach, and a sauce (I think I probably left some stuff out). The portion was HUGE! For $18, this single plate could feed about 2-3 people.We also got the bacon waffles which were good. The waffles were light and airy with the bacon cooked in to it.Lastly, the Smore's Hot Chocolate was delicious! Take my recommendation; it's amazing :)
4	As I waited for my food to be delivered I couldn't help but to drool over all that was coming out the kitchen. Everything is such big portions and has succulent presentation. My friend and I shared a salad and the 18oz steak cooked medium. Price is great for the quality! I don't eat steak often but this was the best one yet! The veggies on the plate complimented the meal greatly. I requested the garlic potatoes instead of the pumpkin but was not fulfilled. My waiter brought out my desired side immediately and that was good. At one point of my meal I ran out of water and had to ask for my glass to be refilled. I didn't fuss too much about it. The atmosphere was very nice! I noticed the bar and the televisions displaying sports. I highly recommend and ill definitely be returning! Woohoo go farm food! Lol
5	Great service; large servings but great tasting food! Highly highly recommended and best of all, very affordable.
4	I first learned about this place on Man v. Food and Bacon Paradise on the Travel channel.  Since the first time i tried this place, Ive ate here about 3-4 times already.  I guess you can consider this as an accumulation review of all the times i have been here. Location:  There are actually two Hash House A Go Go in Vegas...one off the strip and on on the strip (this one).  The one on the strip is a hidden gem located on the second floor of Imperial Palace now known as The Quad.  Prepare to wait anywhere from 15 mins to over an hour.   Luckily they give you a pager so you can still wander inside the casino.Food: The food here in my opinion is actually pretty good.  The price is relatively cheap (most stuff are around $15 - $20) considering all the other places on the strip and the portion size are HUGE.  You can easily share one dish.  Hash House is known for their Sage fried chicken and bacon waffle tower (bacon built inside the waffle).  Everytime someone orders this the room tends to get quite and people stare going wtf. Hash House Farm Benedict  (Seen on Man v. Food);BBLT (Imagine if you let someone who hates lettuce and tomato but loves bacon to build his own BLT with the only catch being there has to be at least one piece of lettuce and tomato...lol).The only thing i didnt like too much was their 1lb Hardwood smoked bacon, avocado & cheddar stuffed burger.  The burger was very bland and lacked flavor.Overall this is a good place to go to if you don't want to spend too much money and wanna feel food preggo (if you dont share).
4	We really liked this place but had no idea how big the portions were! I ordered the sage fried chicken sandwich for my side I chose cheddar bacon mashed potatoes. Super good but I could only eat half of what I ordered. Its a really cool restaurant to take people who are visiting from out of town and look at their faces as the food arrives!
5	Very good, maybe the best pancakes I've ever had. Servings are giant and prices low. The Strip's gem for brunch, hands down.
4	Located at the QUAD Casino, the restaurant is upstairs so you have to take the escalator to get to the restaurant.Came here on a Monday morning at 7:30AM and the place was already half packed and the place only opened half an hour ago. We waited only 5 minutes before we got seated. Although it got really packed and a lot of people were waiting outside by the time my friends and I finished eating, which was around 9:30ish. As for the food, I got to say the portions are REALLY HUGE. I suggest if you come with a group of friends, you guys should share. One plate is enough to feed like two people. We only came to this conclusion after our food came out and we were trying to stuff ourselves because we didn't want any leftovers. We were so BLOATED afterwards that we didn't even want to move.The food it self is good and each plating has a very unique design. They are known for their FRIED CHICKEN, so order it! Their chicken has a very sweet mapley crunch taste. Maple reduction=syrup. My friends and I was so confuse what that meant when looking at the menu. We ordered the Sage Fried Chicken & Waffles, Indiana Favorite: Andy's Sage Fried Chicken w/Benedict, and Farm Benedict Hash House Original. NOTE: Their biscuits are HUGE but on the dry side, as well as their mash potatoes and for the waffles that came with fried chicken, it has BACON in it (YES, BACON!!!). Also that dish comes with fried leeks (long leafy onions), LOTS of it, so if you don't like them, ask for them on the side or something. My friend didn't really like it and it got in the way of while he was eating his dish. Overall, I would come back again and this time I would know to share with someone instead of ordering a whole plate by myself.
5	This is my first time here and the food is amazing!!! I ordered the filet ribeye with polenta... Omg I just about died when I took the first bite! I can't wait to come in the morning for breakfast and try the egg Benedict plate which was featured on man vs food... Ahhhh I'm excited!!
4	We visited the location off the strip with some friends while we were vacationing. The biggest thing about this place that got me was the portions!! I could NOT believe how generous the portions are!! I ordered the corned beef hash and the hubs ordered the sage chicken, which were both very very delicious I will say! The hubs and I typically split what we order and share, but man, we were barely able to finish half of what we even ordered ourselves! I thought the decor and attire of the staff was fun, though when we came there was a DJ and I think it was a little loud. Overall though, enjoyed the meal, the place and would come back when I'm in the area again!
4	Be ready to wait if you're going to eat here. It's a decent size restaurant in Vegas but very popular especially since this one is on the strip. I suggest sending someone early to get a table and meet you later. The food is worth waiting for though if you love breakfast. The plates are huge! Decent price for the amount you get. If you don't eat that much I'd suggest sharing. The only downside is it's called hash house but they don't have the typical hash browns, they're dices potatoes. A bit disappointing on that note but one place if return when I go back to Vegas.
5	Had the Banana & Brown Sugar Pancake. Yes Pancake not pancakes. But man I really couldn't finish this AMAZING Pancake. I wanted too but just couldn't. I even shared it with wife and friends so that tells you how good and HUMONGOUS it was. One of our friends had the meatloaf sandwich and wow that looked amazing as well. My wife had the BBQ pork ribs those also , all together now AMAZING. The service was top notch very nice and helpful if it's your first time. Definitely a must to stop when in Vegas.
4	Thus place worked us out for breakfast on our last day of a bachelorette party. Bypass the line for a table and head for the bar. Jason is the bomb and he will not steer you wrong on what to order. He recommended the best orange/ tangerine/ champagne cocktail ever followed by the best breakfast we've ever had in Vegas. This place is not to be missed. I had a pancake that was bigger than a tractor tire!!!
5	Twisted Farm Food.. this place gets me every time I am in Vegas! The sage fried chicken on top of a tower (yes, tower) of bacon waffles, and topped with warm maple syrup... OH MAN! I have tried so many things on the menu, and they are all great! But the Chicken and Waffles have a special place in my heart and I get weak every time I walk in. That's not all.. they have the BEST Bloody Mary I have ever had! Perfect every time! Not a drinker? They have a s'mores mocha... the marshmallows are toasted and overflowing on top of the coffee mug! So many options.. its a great place to go!
3	This review is solely on the service and wait. I still gave them three stars because as we were waiting, we saw guests leaving very satisfied and saying "worth the wait...delicious food...I'm stuffed." Unfortunately, we never made it in.Sooo I knew we were going to have to wait a while because it was packed and we were a party of 8. The hostess said it would be about an hour and a half. So we waited...and waited...Meanwhile, a big party that checked in after us got seated before us. But we waited some more...and waited.Finally, one of us went to ask the hostess how much longer it would be. She told us 30 on top of how long we already waited. So we decided to wait an extra 30 since we were so close!!We waited...and waited. 30 minutes went by and they still didn't call is. Another one of us went to double check if it would be soon. We were all getting very hungry. And this time the hostess told us 45 minutes!!! And we told her that someone had told us 30 minutes ago, that it was 30 minutes. She just looked at him and said it would be ABOUT 45 more minutes.Needless to say, after losing over two hours of our day on just waiting to get in..we gave up and went somewhere else.It was pretty upsetting because I was looking forward to eating here after reading reviews and hearing such satisfaction.
5	I am a sucker for Hash House, and I wish there was one near where I live.  I would be gianormous if there was one.  All the food is amazing, just look at the menu, stare at all the plates that go by, its hard to just pick one thing for breakfast!!I definitely recommend getting here as early as you can for breakfast, otherwise there is going to be a long wait.  But you know what, if there is a wait, I suggest you wait anyways the food it good! Ordered a BLT Mary and Corned Beef Hash, tasty!!  The bloody MAry was cute, they dressed it up and put the "sandwich fixings" on the side just like you could make a liquid sandwich.Portions are big so if you dont have a big appetite or a hangover you may want to share something, otherwise NOM ON!!
4	Chicken n Waffles were excellent. Only nitpick is chicken was a bit dry. Friendly, efficient service. Would go back.
4	I was so happy to find a new, fun breakfast spot in Vegas. We were staying at Nobu, so we basically had to go outside and then right into the Quad to get to HH. I was a bit overwhelmed by the sheer quantity of food we received, but everything was delicious. The atmosphere is quaint and diner-esque, and there were all kinds of people inside, which was really nice.I had the avocado and bacon scramble with fried potatoes and fresh fruit, and my friend had the chorizo hash. Both dishes were huge, really pretty, and extremely tasty. I sampled some of the hot teas as well. The orange spice was my favorite! It was the perfect blend of sweet and spice. My friend had the house s'mores mocha, and the thing was massive. Massive!  I don't think I've ever seen a mug quite so large. It was fantastic as well, and had tons of ooey gooey marshmallows on top.I would love to go back and try pancakes or something. I'm sure they are delicious as well. I am thinking this will be a new breakfast spot for us in future Vegas trips to come.
5	This place is a little piece of heaven to me. Breakfast is my favorite meal, so much that so that just "a little" breakfast doesn't do it for me. I'm used to bacon/eggs/toast/grits with a side of bacon, maybe it's my grandma's southern blood in me. When the waitress explained the menu here to us, she pointed out a particular section and said something along the lines of "be careful, this is a lot of food." I had already selected something else not from said section, so natuarlly my thought became, "Uh oh... I must not have ordered enough..." Boy was I wrong. What Hash House must categroize as "not a lot of food" is enough to feed a small country.  It's like getting two meals at once. I can be a pretty big eater and this breakfast had me satisified until dinner time. Not only are the portions substantial, but the food is good too. This is not slop - it's well put together dishes with tasty sides and a lot of flavor. The fried chicken and waffles is their signature dish, but i decided to go "lighter" with the fried chicken and mashed potatoes and i was not dissappointed.This is a great spot and i definitely recommend. Try going early (pre 8 AM) if you want to avoid the breakfast crowd on the weekends.
4	This was a great choice on my Vegas trip.  I was happy that the waiter told me ahead of time that the portions were easily enough for 2 people.  For $18 a plate with no extra charge to share this turned out to be a great deal.  The food was amazing too.  I had the sage chicken eggs benedict and loved every bite!  The reason I wasn't as happy with the place was because of the extremely long wait to get into breakfast and the length of time it took to get my food.  Luckily there is a bar setup to allow people to get bloody mary's while you wait.  We decided to go to Starbucks across the street and come back.  But I think this place is a better deal than the buffets and better quality food.
1	Couldn't sit us..very unhappy with the customer service here. I wouldn't recommend this place they're very mean to there customers who have been waiting for a long time..
2	Portions are way to big and I had a dead fruit fly on my food, ill never visit again ill make sure I tell all my friends and family. Overpriced for poor food
5	I came here on a recommendation for a reasonably priced breakfast place in Vegas. It was a bonus that there is a location in the Quad hotel. When arriving my girlfriend and I were told that there was a 35-45 minute wait. However, it was a pleasant surprise to get seated within 15 minutes.Our server (also a bartender) brought coffee and water immediately. He did an excellent job throughout the meal. The food was amazing. I had the fried chicken Benedict and it was enormous. It could definitely be shared by two (or more) people. I did my best to finish it but alas I failed.The entree consisted of two homemade biscuits a fried chicken breast, two poached eggs, cheese and Benedict sauce. Whoa! Looking forward to my next experience when I return to Las Vegas.Two thumbs up!
1	Despite all the fantastic reviews, I refuse to force myself onto the "A Go Go" hype.  The aesthetics of every plate is amazing, however I find it unpractical and more or less of a disturbance to eat around (or figure out of how eat).   I wanted to try this place out for quite some time now, especially since a ton of my facebook friend's have been checking in and promising how delicious their chicken and waffles are so on my last day in Vegas I decided to make a detour to the airport and grab myself a brunch with a well needed bloody marry. 1.  Parking.  You're forced to park inside of the Quad Resort parking lot and if you have a large vehicle I'm pretty sure security will harass you to make you not park in their three story parking lot (They did that to my brother in law).2.  It's a maze just to get to the restaurant.  Gotta walk through a hall way, go up a fancy elevator, then go into some corridor to get to another elevator, walk through a casino, walk up a flight of stairs and then boom, you've found waldo.  3.  No bathrooms.  Nope.  No restrooms in the restaurant.  You've gotta manage your way down the stairs, across the casino, and walk through a little mini shopping strip just to get to the restrooms.  4.  When I stopped by their filter in the water was down.  No complementary water, so you're forced to shell out the $3 for a bottle of water. And if you do decide to order that bottle of water, think nothing much of it 'cause it's more like an 8 oz. bottle.  No refills, just blow another $3.5.  Ordered the chicken and waffles.  For some odd reason there was an over exaggerated amount of rosemary and onion spread throughout my plate.  The syrup was less than half filled in the small condiment cup and when I asked for another one (since I was sharing with my boyfriend), it took them 5 minutes to bring us another small cup of syrup.  By then, the chicken and waffle was cold.  Oh, weren't we supposed to have eating utensils too?  That took another 10 minutes to get that and an additional plate to eat with.  6.  I found their bloody marry's to be quite delicious, however I didn't need the collectors cup (which I didn't know was at an additional fee...heck, I didn't even know that there was a regular plane jane bloody marry) so I ordered another one.  Took a long amount of time to get that second and when I asked the server to rinse out my "collectors" cup, he forgot to come back and get it rinsed for me so I had to ask again.Maybe I just had an off the wall bad experience, maybe not?  But I'm pretty sure the next time I crave for chicken and waffles, I'll just buy a box of Krusteez and a small box of Popeyes chicken.
4	I had to come and see what the fuss was about. I have heard of the huge portion size, but the food is touted as better than most. I am usually disappointed by places like this, but it really was good. I had the meatloaf, which was awesome. The pancakes are 18 inches across and the banana brown sugar is by far the best of those. Biscuits are heavy and roughly the size of a softball. What surprised me most about Hash wad the pricing. I swear I would spend more at Denny's. Awesome bang for your buck in the town that takes all your money. Can't wait to come back and try some other entrees!
1	Horrible enough said and they have the nerve to sale chicken and waffles. If I was the food police they would be banded from making horrible chicken and waffles
4	Big portions, great food, crowded as all get out.Tip:  Get a Total Rewards Platinum Card and skip the line...also thumb your nose at the people in the long line as you pass on through as though you are Thurston Howell playing through at the Pebble Beach Golf Course.Get the Fried Chicken Benedict or the Chicken and Waffles.  The Benedict is a lot of freakin food, and gets cold quick if you don't hoover it.  The Chicken and Waffles seems to hold together fairly well.  Don't think this is a classy joint...because it isn't.  This is a spit on the floor and curse at your friends kind of place...but it has great food.  Lots of freakin kids too.  Also...it is in the Quad, which means it is the best thing in the Quad....because the Quad is the 9th Circle of Hell.
4	We LOVE this place. We never come to Vegas without visiting! Dinner is our favorite as you get more bang for your buck! We took friends with us and told them to get the meatloaf (AMAZING), they opted for the Sage Chicken and waffles and were disappointed! The meatloaf is our favorite. Their salads are good and their burgers are good. Breakfast is Delish but not quite as much bang for your buck! ALL plates are big enough to share!!
1	Not sure why all the good reviews. Basic comfort food, way over priced and nothing amazing, though portions are large. Chicken and waffles (their speciality) was just plain bad, chicken was super dry. Also service was slow and very rude. Waitress kept asking us of we were done since her shift was ending and needed to get our check done. Word to the wise avoid this place.
2	Meh.  The wait was reasonable. The service was good.   The food was not great. I had the banana French toast which was good, but the bacon didn't come crispy as I requested. The blueberry pancakes were dry. It was a real let down for a Las Vegas breakfast spot. Go to The egg and I on Sahara instead.
4	The portions were very gracious and the food was great. Our waitress was Lusia, she was very attentive, friendly and made great suggestions while answering all of our questions.
5	The Sage chicken and waffles are AMAZING. Jose one of the managers was very helpful and hospitable. I will definitely be back soon!
4	I've dined here twice when I visited Vegas and thought it was pretty good! Honestly, I can't quiet remember what I ordered both times (yikes, Vegas does that to me sometimes!) but I vaguely remember the first time I came here I split with the BF and whatever we ordered had fried tomatoes. It was yummy!The second time, I believe I ordered one of the benedicts and I smashed it! The gravy was good! Sorry that's pretty much all I remember :(What I do remember like it was yesterday is the bloody mary! Great flavors! I love a chunky, heavy bloody mary with lots of yummy pickles and toppings. This one hit the spot for sure! :)
4	We walked like 2 miles to get here because we heard it was the best breakfast to get nearby the strip.  It's not in the nicest hotel/casino on the prettiest part of the strip (I think it's actually on the old strip) but don't let that deter you.We got in on a Sunday at about 1:30, and it was PAH-ACKED with people.  They told us the wait would be 45-60 minutes so three of us sat in the waiting room, and the other two went to the bar for coffee.  They came back a minute later and said there was enough room for 5 of us to eat at the bar, which was probably the best seat in the house - great service. Kye and Tiffany at the bar are awesome. We had drinks, friendly convo with the bartenders, and our food was delivered quickly. ..and BOY was it HUGE!!  Every plate could have been shared by 2-3 people and the banana pancake (singular) that the guy next to us got was literally *hanging* off the edges of the plate. I got the Roast Chicken Potato hash: chicken, mushrooms, red peppers and asparagus on top of roasted potatoes. Over medium well egg (?) and large biscuit on the side.  Oh and don't forget the wedge of watermelon!  Those things were also cocktail ornaments. I am not kidding.The best thing about any place in Vegas, I sadly only took advantage of here, was the to-go alcohol cups. Wacky... especially coming from GA (aka the Bible Belt).  I felt like I was being really bad, but I liked it. The only bad thing?  The whole place was really warm.. maybe because it's on the top floor, and we were sitting at the bar (by the kitchen door.)  Bar is still worth it!
2	Overrated!  Went here for brunch, told 30 minute wait, but to keep an eye on the bar as it's first come first served. After 15 minutes 2 people stood up at the bar and 2 people raced past me and took the spots. So the bar seating is a fiasco. Finally got a seat at bar as no table was open after 35 minutes   Already had perused the menu during the wait so ordered when was greeted. Waited 35 minutes for the hash which was good but not great. Meanwhile I was swarmed by early morning drunks ordering drinks at the bar.  Never again.
3	My boyfriend and I got the corned beef hash to split. It was good but nothing to rave about or go out of my way for. The portion was huge, which was a definite plus. It had corned beef hash with country fried potatoes, an egg and a biscuit on the side.The wait time is absolutely ridiculous here until it hits about 10 pm. From then til about 5 am, your in the clear and I say go for it!Located inside of The Quad, on the second floor. The inside is relatively on the small side considering how popular this place is.I would probably come back again, but try something different.
3	We had just flown in from Houston and put our luggage in the hotel and decided we really needed some food. It was about 10 PM, so naturally I wanted breakfast. I love good corned beef hash, so this place, which was a block away seemed perfect. "Farm fresh with a twist." So I had the Pacers Hash, which was okay...a little bland. But it came out really fast, but was cold. Not cold, cold...but lukewarm...edible, but not right. Michelle had the giant Griddle Cheese Sandwich. Looked delicious with tomatoes and avocados. But the waiter, who had run through a few sides offered with that when we ordered, brought her fries instead of a salad. It was late and we were tired, so Michelle didn't point this out and just ate her sandwich. The waiter was a nice guy, very friendly. But he only had two tables and seemed much more concerned with being behind the bar, even though there were no bar customers, than he was with waiting his two tables. He wasn't slow or neglectful, just not as on top of things as maybe he should have been. Overall, a so-so experience.
4	"Throw one at me if you want, hash head. I've got all five senses and I slept last night, that puts me six up on the lot of you." -- Brick (2005)Brunch. Vegas. Hangover-worthy. Hair of the dog. Welcome to Hash House a Go Go. I had checked into my hotel on Yelp, it posted on Twitter and a friend recommended we come down to The Quad and eat here.  Looks Good!  And off we walked.  We took a leisurely stroll from Mandalay Bay all the way up the strip and into The Quad and found HHAGG.  Wowza, it was packed.  We put in our name (5 people) and they told us 45 minutes to an hour.  They directed us to the left to order a cocktail while we waited and were told there might be a place to sit down in the bar.  A couple of us went in to get coffees and found us 5 seats at the bar - Score!We sat down and were introduced to Kye, with her spiky locks, and Tiffany - a duo full of personality and who "pour the cocktails like we like to drink them!"  Okay, I'm sold!  A couple of us ordered Irish coffees - knock me on my ass - while we perused the menu.  So many options.  Thanks to Yelp, I had narrowed it down and knew I wanted the Sage Fried Chicken - problem is that it appears in 4 different places on the menu!! Oy!After much debate, and recommendations from Tiffany, I opted for something from the "Indiana Favorites" section of the menu.  This was the Andy's Sage Fried Chicken Benedict w/ maple reduction, 2 eggs, bacon mashed potatoes & biscuit.  I asked for my eggs to be scrambled with cheddar cheese.  When the plate came - holy moly that's a lotta food!  The biscuit was the size of a softball with a sprig of rosemary stuck in the top.  The potatoes were delightful - smashed and the bacon was not super crispy, which I love. The reduction of maple was like crack.  The eggs were perfectly cooked and salted - they did need some pepper.  As for the chicken, it was not fried enough.  The crust was a bit doughy and tasted of flour - clearly they were dealing with a lot of covers and quality control suffered. Not acceptable.  Luckily, the rest of my meal was great, but I would probably go with something else next time.  My friend got the pork tenderloin - impeccably fried.  Golden brown and delicious!Now let's talk cocktails - strong, powerful, strong.  We enjoyed ourselves so much with Kye and Tiffany, we started doing shots.  Watching them craft drinks and deliver food - I wanted to come back over and over and try every food item and fancy drink.  Plus, they were a delight to talk to and have serve us.I'll be going back each trip for sure and I have already recommended it to a friend going to Vegas in a couple of weeks. HHAGG is the place to eat.
3	You must come here for the food. The wait is a let down. Especially if you have a group. We waited an hour and twenty minutes for a table. Then another hour for food. They really seemed short staffed, but I can't fault our server for that. She did what she could but gets a star deducted. Didn't want to spend that much time waiting on a meal. I suggest sharing as the plates are nicely sized.  The Man vs Food entree has to be eaten. It's good!  Sage fried chicken Benedict! Yum.
4	We had this place bookmarked as it was on Man vs Food and were so excited we were finally able to check it out.  We came in and had to wait for maybe about 30 minutes as this place was super packed!  No worries, they were serving Bloody Marys and Screwdrivers while you wait!  These drinks are stiff.  We were finally seated and greeted by our waiter.  I of course ordered the Griddled French toast that is dipped in banana cinnamon cream and came with pecan maple syrup.  Oh my, the French toast was fantastic.  Love it and the portion was huge.  My hubby of course ordered the Sage Chicken Benedict and really enjoyed it.  The chipotle cream was really good and flavorful.  Everything here was really good and we both walked out in a food coma.  Perfect time to walk it out on The Strip! LOL
3	It was okay I heard so many good reviews and so I wanted to come and see for myself I got the snickers flapjack with biscuits and sausage gravy they were okay nothing amazing though I've definitely had better in my hometown so I was not impressed Our waiter was great very helpful
5	At first I thought Hash House A Go Go was going to be a letdown, or just another diner type place that got over hyped. I mean, it was crazy crowded and we'd probably be neglected. To my delight, the reality was that the food was amazing and the service was above and beyond, thanks to our awesome server, Kai. When we arrived around 10 on a Saturday, there was a 30 minute wait. We expected as much, but I needed coffee desperately. The hostess said we could get some at the bar, so I sidled up and ordered from Kai, who informed me that the bar was first come first serve and encouraged us to hang out there. We soon found 2 stools and everything just kept getting better and better. My wife ordered a hazelnut latte to start. It was without any doubt the best hazelnut beverage I have ever tried. It tasted natural, actually like hazelnuts, and was just fantastic. And then the food came. All those reviews that tell you to split a plate with someone are right. Split a plate! I got the chicken and waffles, and they were as good as everyone else has already said. I can't recommend it enough. But there was more than enough food for 2 people on that glorious plate. The waffles had strips of bacon in them. Come on! So those were obviously great. And the chicken was perfect too. Fried just right, moist and tender, with crisp, savory breading. Pour some syrup on that pile of food and get ready to smile because you are in for a treat. This is one of the best breakfasts I've ever had, and the price was a downright bargain by Vegas standards. Throughout, Kai checked in with us, bantered and generally made us feel comfortable, like we were with friends. Between the food, drinks, and the completely awesome service, Hash House nails it.
5	OMG! Food was amazing!  Highly recommend the sage chicken Benedict, chicken n waffles and banana pancake!  So yummy.. We split these three dishes by four ppl and has plenty!  Big servings!  Oh get a spicy Bloody Mary too!! Yummy breakfast will definitely return!!!!
4	Huge portions, yummy food, great recommendations from out server, Travis. We arrived around 3pm on a Friday and had no wait, but returned on Saturday and it was PACKED! Would definitely go back during the week between meal times to avoid the wait again. It deserves all the hype!
5	One of the best breakfast places in all of Vegas. Portions are huge and food is delicious. Well worth the wait.
2	Yelp let me down on this one. If i'm rating the portion size I will give this place 5 star. Every plate that came out is at least good for 2 people unless you're Adam from Man vs. Food. I ordered the sage fried chicken and it was cold, and extremely dry that I took a bite and just put aside. My husband ordered the biscuit and gravy also only had a few bites and we left.
3	This place made me hash house a go go to the bathroom. Okay that may not even be true but I wanted to write it anyway.Not a surprise that we stumbled in here at around 2am on a Friday. I was with a group of seven, though that really only counted in terms of bodies. There were about three functioning brains in total. Then a few girls came and joined us. One of them knew my brother. Somehow that made the functioning brain count go down one. Boom! Take that, girls that I don't know at all!I ordered some eggs and they actually weren't that bad. They weren't that good, either. But again, 2am. So whatever.Every single plate that came to the table had a piece of watermelon, a strawberry, and a giant sprig of rosemary. Every plate. Not sure why. The guy who orders things must have a connection with the guy who distributes those things.Strawberries and watermelon are not in season (actually, does Las Vegas have a fruit season at all? can produce grow amidst despair?)Rosemary...well that would have been fine, except that every indication on the menu suggested that it would be sage. Sage waffles. Sage chicken. Sage this, sage that.But then it turns out it was all rosemaried instead.Computers went down at 2:45. Computers came back up at 3:00. There is no bathroom in the whole restaurant. I think that is illegal in California. But we were not in California. We were in a hash house in Nevada.
5	Chicken n waffles and Chicken Benedict great at 300 am. Play some roulette at O'Shea's , they paid for this meal.
5	been here a couple times for bkfst/ brunch the sage fried chicken n waffles is massive!!! good for 3 people at least stacked high fried chicken waffles bacon eggs awesome Other items the farm scrabbles are good with biscuit (which could be more moist) kind of dry the few times I had it Overall very good faster service using diamond preferred
5	If I can only share one "what happens in Vegas" moment (some don't like social networks haha) I will publicize this: Hash House Is the BEST 24hr eatery on the strip. As a fan of the San Diego location and of chicken and waffles I was so "down" to get my grub on here! Located in the Quad next to the Flamingo, the location is PERFECT! If you know Vegas you know Caesars Palace, the Venetian and the new O'sheas is all just steps away... Oops talking about the trip anyway, I liked that the restaurant is large and spacious. The service is prompt and courteous and as expected the portions are HUMONGOUS! If you have not experienced Hash House A Go Go you are really missing out. Really.
4	Literally, just got back from dining here & it was delicious!  Went solo & grabbed a seat at the bar as soon as I walked in - although the place was PACKED!!  Crystal & Mark were my bartendars/servers & they were awesome!  Had the sundried-tomato, basil & goat cheese scramble with potatoes & a biscuit.  And what meal would be complete without a pineapple mimosa - YUM!  It was so good I'm going back & taking my boyfriend with me!
4	"Hey, My name is Christian, I'm your server, I make the best Bloody Mary in Las Vegas, and meat loaf here is the only meat loaf I eat outside of my Momma's. The Sage Fried Chicken Benedict is what we are famous for because it was on TV. What can I start you with?!?"Umm....Yes, Bloody Mary! Hash House A Go Go was delicious! Everything about my experience there was unique and worth every penny!!! My service was fantastic. The food was delicious (yet starchy - so paleo peeps beware!)!!My server knew what he was talking about...he knew how to recommend it, and he didn't hesitate in answering my questions! I will definitely be back!
1	All of my excitement about Hash House was unwarranted. After a 45 minute wait, we ordered our food immediately because my husband had a poker tournament to make. Despite ordering right away and informing our waiter of our slight time crunch, my husband's food came in 45 minutes and mine in 55 minutes. By the time my food came, my hubby had to leave to make the tournament he signed up for... I ate my chicken and waffles alone. (To be fair, we probably should have known better than to come somewhere like this with a schedule to keep.)In a nutshell, my problems with HH:1) Average food. Chicken and waffles and corned beef were good but not great. Expensive for average food.2) Poor customer service. Lots of staff running everywhere with little getting accomplished. While we were waiting, I was at the front bar to order a drink and had to interrupt a lipstick application gossip fest among the front staff to ask where the bartender had gone. Our waiter came by 3x to tell us our food was coming and it was still 15 minutes until the first dish came out. When I voiced my frustration about the wait for our food, it barely registered. No offer to make our experience better. Only a sheepish apology as our server ran off to run my credit card.It must be nice to give terrible service and still have a crowded restaurant and celebrity guests. My advice, don't waste your time. Take your business somewhere that will appreciate your presence.
3	This place has gained so much Popularity that we felt guilty for not trying, so we made the reservation the day before and showed up on time.  The place was packed but they sat us down in less then five minutes, great deal.  First thing I noticed is that the music is too loud and everyone is screaming around you to carry a normal conversation.  We ordered almost right away and then it took 45 minutes to get the food.  The portions were huge, even the kids menu items.  Taste wise, everything was solid 3 stars but value is 5.  You could actually share a meal with another person and both be satisfied.  My honest opinion, a lot of hype not enough substance.  Another 45 minutes here and the noise would have driven me crazy.  See pics for the dishes we ordered.
4	Great food and drinks....everything is massive!  They are the room service for the hotel as well.  The BBBBLT was perfect for refueling around 10PM.
4	Country style! Good food...
5	This was a great place to eat! I had the meatloaf sandwich and it was amazing! I've never had a meatloaf sandwich before and this was yummy!!! The service was great, the wait was not to long, but worth it, and it was delicious! A must go when in Vegas!!
4	Everyone is right on with 4 stars.   We had the Meatloaf (shared...it is HUGE) and it was good.  Added a couple of eggs and it was perfect.   I am not a big "star effer" but HHAGG is.  Pics with signatures everywhere (this is vegas, it doesn't surprise me that movie stars have to eat somewhere)   slammed into your face.  That is the -1 star.  Some people I bet enjoy this but really....WHO CARES?
4	HUGE portions and the wait was ridiculous but the foo dis made to order so you can't go wrong there. Had the Man vs Food plate & it was great!
4	The sole reason we went here was because of the man vs. food coverage of the fried chicken waffle. It is tucked in the middle of the casino, but you see it clearly marked on the escalator going up.The line was out the door even when it was only 11:30am. Wanting a quick brunch, we toiled around for 30min before been called. I was actually surprised that I did not see more people ordered the fried chicken waffle, but when ours arrived, people were asking to take pictures of our food. It was HUGE. Good thing we only ordered the fried chicken waffle between the two of us or we'd be lugging doggie bags with us for rest of the afternoon.Great place to take people who haven't been.
4	Huge portions for a good price! :) Ordered the chicken and waffles, as well as the salmon benedict. The food came pretty fast and the presentation was so pretty.Four girls shared two large orders and it was good to fill us all up :)WIll be back to check out other items off their menu.
1	People reviewing this place are drunk.  The one thing that can be said is that the portions are big.  That's it.  Service  is terrible and is VERY slow.  The signature dish of chicken and waffles was TERRIBLE.  The chicken is so dry and bland that you literally have to drink water just to wash it down.  It was honestly one of the worst breakfasts that I have ever paid for.  Breakfast is one of the most difficult meals to screw up, but these guys managed to do it.
5	Previous reviewers are all correct on the portions, they are GIANT, too big.  Most people in Vegas are at a hotel and not taking home leftovers so alot of food is going to waste.  They could serve half portion sizes and charge slightly less and probably make more money without all the waste.That to say, the food, although excessive, was AWESOME!!!  I will definitely be going back to this joint.  I got the Farmhouse Scramble with bacon and avocado with the potato smashers and a side of gravy to eat with my biscuit.  Absolutely delicious.  Eggs were the right texture, not too soft but not overcooked, gravy was thick and good flavor, biscuit was perfect, potatoes were pretty much mashed potatoes so if you don't want those for breakfast, don't get them, but I loved them just fine.  Went great with my bowl of gravy :)Boyfriend got the french toast and he was equally pleased with his meal.Only small complaint is there was an hour wait, not a big deal, we expected a wait, so we went down and played at a $5 blackjack table right next to the restaurant.  They told us to come check back in 30 minutes just in case and when we did were told to come back in 20 minutes.  We went back in 20 minutes and they said our table had been ready for 15 minutes.  They could invest in the buzzers to let people know when their table is ready so you can enjoy the casino while waiting without having to go back repeatedly and missing being called.  We were starving and would have been happy to eat 15 minutes earlier and would have lost less money waiting... Regardless, highly recommend!!!!
4	Great experience here with the food and service. Our group ordered the chicken and waffles and this pork dish. When they say the portions are huge it's an understatement. The food was tasty and the service was friendly. Really glad I was able to try it.
4	I have been to Hash House A Go Go twice this year and it has been a fairly good experience each time. I've tried the burgers, pot pie, chicken & waffles, and the chicken pasta. The food is good for the price and the portions are huge. The customer service is never a problem as well.
5	This place is awesome!!! Great food and drinks. Portions are massive and totally shareable . Try the sage fried chicken and wAffles ! Bloody Mary's are a popular drink here but I really enjoyed the strawberry lemonade margarita and the watermelon kiwi drink. You will have a wAit but it is a must for brunch or breakfast!
1	This is based on the food my boyfriend had, he ordered the sausage pot pie with gravy and eggs and took two bites of it and felt sick. A few hours later he was throwing up. I don't know if the food was not cooked right or something but the food really messed him up. And he is still in bed getting sick 2 days later.The only reason why we would ever come back is for the service our waitress was the sweetest, but other than that I would stay away from here . Plus the wait is super long for a table.
4	The portions are pretty dam big. Food is quite good. Fried chicken was juicy but didn't feel like you were eating grease. Waffles are really good too. And there's bacon in it. What's not to love about that.Make sure to order yourselves a BLT Mary, Bloody Mary with a twist. That was pretty dam good.
3	Everything was as I expected from reading reviews. Enormous portions. I wouldn't call it high quality food. Eggs were more brown than yellow which tells me they were probably cooked in bacon grease. Everything tasted delicious, just very unhealthy.
4	We have only eaten breakfast here and all portions were big enough for 3 days of breakfast. Last time in vegas had a bunch of comp left on my card so we ordered one of about every pancake on menu. Snickers bar pancake was awesome. Service was good. You have to go here at least once!
4	The wait was less than stated. The ambiance fun and the food adequate and abundant. Huge portions to share and fair prices plus fun staff. Yummy
4	I've been to Vegas many many times and I have always wanted to try this place. I finally came during my last trip to paradise. There was no wait which was unusual since I always see this place packed (maybe because we went at 5pm we avoided the dinner rush). My friends and I got seated right away. I ordered the Andy's Sage Fried Chicken Benedict w/ maple reduction, 2 eggs, bacon mashed potatoes & biscuit. I was starving so I was really hoping this would fill me up. When the dish came.... WOW... it was HUGE. It looked pretty messy, but it tasted amazing. Fried chicken was crispy and juicy, eggs and bacon can never go wrong together. And to make it extra heavy, mashed potatoes and biscuit. I finished everything and had the worst food coma I've had in a while. My friends also enjoyed the food and the large portions. The waitress was super friendly and really attentive. I would definitely come back if I don't go to them buffets.
4	Great food , great service. Anything on the menu is worth the price and worth ordering. Make reservations is all I've gotta say. There is always a wait
5	Their portions are massive so you will need a to go box.  Every dish has a unique twist to your traditional favorites.  Sage chicken Benedict and chicken and waffles are two amazing dishes and the server was great.  Great place to go
4	Pretty long wait to be seated, then for the food to come but well worth it! Everyone at my table had a beautiful presentation on their plate and everything tasted amazing. Would've had 5 stars if wait wasn't so long. Portions are huge , u get what u pay for also. Definitely would recommend anyone visiting Vegas to go here for brunch.
5	Amazing place if you are looking for a cheap breakfast that fills you up! Portions are nothing short of HUGE. Staff is very courteous. I will be going back on my trips to Las Vegas.
2	This rating is so low because of the overall service.  We arrived at the restaurant at 10:45 on a Saturday and were told we would have 1 hour wait for 5 people.  We decided to wait, and were seated just shy of an hour.  We ordered our food and drinks as soon as the waiter came over.  After we ordered, he informed us that since they make everything fresh it would take 30 minutes to get our food.  It was 11:50 and we thought that would give us time to make our next events at 1:20 for three of us and 1:45 for the other two.  At 12:30, 40 mins later, we asked for an update and were again told that the kitchen was busy but we should be coming up soon.  At 12:50 my sister and her family had to leave to get to their event.  So we told the waiter to cancel their order and asked to see the manager.  The manager finally came over with one plate at 1:05 and apologized for the late meals.  We explained that some of us had to leave without eating because of the delay and that we would have to hurry and eat our meal to make our event.  He again apologized and said that that the server should have told us they were behind earlier.  After all this he gave us 25% off our meals.The only saving grace (hence the 2 star and not 1) was the food.  It was good and there was plenty of it.  However, since we had to rush we really didn't get to enjoy the meal.The hostess should have told customers of the wait when they put their names on the list.  As we were leaving we heard another person complain that they also had to wait an hour and 20 mins. to get their food.25% off is not enough to make up for
5	SUPER BIG PORTIONS.  never saw anything like it. First the wait.... super long like 45 minutes and on a monday..  Got seated and had a very nice waitress. Ordered meatloaf hash with egg and fruit. Good food. Weighted a few pounds. My GF ordered pancake meal and the size of the pancake was almost 12 inches across. . yum. Other than the line food is worth it. THis place was on Man vs Food. there is a wall outside that shows famous people who visited the place.
3	I don't really get the hype. The food was good and the portions are huge, but this was nothing amazing, particularly not worth the 90 minutes we had to wait for a table.My biggest bone to pick was the speed of everything. 90 minutes to get in, okay, I get it. I live in Portland. I'm used to long waits for brunch. But once we sat down, about 15 minutes to get our drinks, another 10 to order, then we waited.Almost an hour.Then our food came. I was hot, good, and big portioned, but nothing mind blowing. Then we waited, and waited. And 20 minutes later we had our check. We put our cards in the little black folder on the edge of the table. Then we waited. About 15 minutes to pay.All in, the experience was about two hours too long. If they paid attention to diners, the line would be shorter and I would have headed out happier.
3	This Hash House a Go Go is just ok. I have been to one other in the M resort and hotel and had a better experience there. This location is an older looking one. The smell of smoke from the downstairs area also creeps up. I ordered a pancake/eggs/sausage meal. The pancake was very, very large. The sausage and eggs were bland and below average. The price is seems to be a bit much just for a giant pancake and subpar eggs and sausage.
4	Good food. Large portions. Two adults could not share one plate but we did not finish the egg plate and the very large pancake.
4	Because I'm such a fan of Tractor Room and Great Maple, I can admit that my expectations of HHAGG were VERY VERY HIGH. Although I think the San Diego location is better, the Vegas location did deliver.The wait was a little under an hour to get seated, but the time between ordering and receiving your food was insane. We literally waited an hour to eat after ordering. Granted it was Saturday morning, but arriving at 10 we were certain we were going to beat the brunch rush. Apparently everyone else had the same idea.The other bummer for me was that EXACT DAY they debuted the new menu which no longer features the breakfast pot pie. To say my heart was shattered would be an understatement. Although devastated, I pulled myself together and ordered the bacon, avocado scramble with egg whites and light cheese. The meal was delicious but not anything spectacular that seemed like a HH signature.
5	I absolutely love, love, love this place. They are open 24 hours, which is very convenient, especially in Sin City. Their portions are HUGE, and the prices are very reasonable for the food quality you receive. I suggest you go whenever they are not busy to avoid long waits. HHGG's food is available for room service during certain hours at The Quad Hotel. Definitely a plus whenever I'm staying there. Some of my favorite dishes are the BBBLT, HH Stuffed Meatloaf, Sage Fried Chicken Benedict, and the HH Quesadilla. Hash House is a MUST whenever I'm in Vegas.
4	The food is quite delicious, and the portions are huge. The drinks are colorful and delicious. I would highly recommend.Only 4 stars though because of the hostess service. I came with a party of 8 and (not surprisingly) we had to wait. The hostess then gave our table to someone else and straight up lied to my face when I approached her about it. When she finally did sit us, she tried to separate my group into two separate tables. Our waitress was great though, and totally made up for it. She let us put the two tables together. When my food came out significantly later than the rest of my party's food... she comped me a drink.
4	Big portions (if you're sitting for 2 best to share), the only thing I couldn't get over was you couldn't get a side of hash browns. The place is named hash house.. Service was friendly, there was a half hour wait at about 11am to keep in mind. Had the chicken and waffles, everything cooked to perfection, chicken was juicy a bit more spice would have taken it over.
2	Delicious breakfast, original menu, fun ambiance. The  downside  was our long wait for a table (we were forewarned, therefore understandable), but  then on top of that the 60 minute wait from sit down to receiving food. The latter was totally unacceptable, especially at breakfast.
5	First time here. Sooooooo good! I had the famous chicken and waffles. The chicken was so crispy and flavored well. The sage really stood out and I luved it. While I was working my way through the waffles I discovered bacon inside them. How great is that! The portion was so big I was able to take the leftovers home and eat them for dinner and breakfast the next day. I also had the old school hot chocolate. Delicious! A must stop.
3	Service was terrible. The food was ok. I ordered corn beef. Found it odd to have a biscuit with my meal. I get the "western" or "country" deal but to me it didn't go with it. Wish the orange juice was freshly squeezed too.
4	First things first... portions are HUGE.  No really.. huge-er than huge.   Find a friend at your table and share or pick something you might want to eat again for the next two days. Yummy comfort food, casual setting and decent service gives this place high marks for me.  Our party of 8 was hungry and more than ready for dinner... we were seated pretty quickly and our waitress was quick to greet us.  They offered a good HH deal on wine and the menu offers so many choices - healthy eaters and indulgers will both enjoy.  On our way to the table we spotted the entrees and that quickly made our decision to share meals!  Table favorites were sage fried chicken & waffles (PS two hungry boys shared this and were completely satisfied and full!), the burgers and the kokokmo sandwich. I especially like the fries - hot, salty and crispy. Not sure I would rush back next time I am in Vegas but definitely a good spot to grab dinner (or brunch I hear), especially if you are looking to soak up some of the Vegas alcohol.  They were great with our large party and with no reservation - bonus!
2	Guess the food is better when you eat in?Stayed at the Rio with my family and my dog so someone had to stay behind with the pup while everyone else procured breakfast. This seems to be the only real breakfast place in the hotel/casino so options were pretty limited.... kind of like the menu. If you want fried chicken, bacon waffles, bloody Marys garnished with a deconstructed sandwich, etc, then 4  stars are probably well deserved.My parents ordered the basic breakfast (one with scrambled eggs the other with over easy, both with sausages) and I ordered the sun dried tomato, goat cheese, & basil scramble with an extra side of chicken sausage.In all honesty, I was starving so didn't realize a the stuff I missed until we got our to go order to the room.  First of all, all our orders were supposed to come with biscuits and fruit and we received a total of 1 biscuit and no fruit.  Second of all, I didn't even mind that there weren't enough biscuits because the giant hockey puck they tried to pass off as a biscuit was a dense mass that tasted like it was made yesterday.We all chose fried potatoes which looked sad and possibly prepared at the same time the biscuit was made.  I didn't eat mine but my dog seemed to like it.Also I'm pretty sure (receipt confirmed it) that my chicken sausage (which they do admit is in a pork casing) was actually pork sausage and was a little over seasoned for my tastes.Lastly, the eggs. Had such high hopes for these. The scrambled eggs were either not seasoned and or not eggs? They were dense and oddly textured saved only a little by the sundried tomatoes, scant amount of fresh basil, and few crumbles of goat cheese.  Full disclosure, my dog wouldn't eat the eggs unless it had been touching sausage or had some cheese attached. Overall our breakfast was disappointing. Other than the forgotten items though the service was fantastic (hence the 2 stars rather than 1). All the staff members were so friendly and nice! The place was well decorated and very clean.If they can get the kitchen sorted out I may consider eating here again but this place is definitely out of rotation on any future Vegas trips - even if we stay at the Rio again.
3	We were so excited to try this Iconic Indiana Eatery.  Located at the back of the Quad Resort  Casino a escalator plops you right in front of the eatery.We tried the signature Sage Fried Chicken Benedict, a HH ginormous blue berry pancake and a pistachio ice mocha.  Okay first off, the portions are huge!  One pancake is probably enough for at least three people.  My benedict was gigantic as well but consisting of: mashed potatoes, biscuits, tomatoes, mozzarella, scrambled eggs, fried chicken and a pink country gravy the flavor combination was a little too muddled for my liking.  I can easily see the Sage Chicken and Waffle stack as being much better.  The pancake itself was tasty but it was so huge it was on the dry side also they need to serve this thing with a pitcher of syrup and lots of butter instead of the single scoop and tiny cup it came with.My pistachio ice mocha was very good and even better after I stirred up the whipped cream to add some additional sweetness to the drink.  I could definately taste pistachio!Over all I think we need to come back here and try the chicken waffle stack and maybe a stuffed burger to give a fair review, but for now I rate this as 3 stars.
4	The one redeeming jewel in our disastrous stay at the Quad was the Hash House A Go Go located in The Quad lobby. The corizo hash was excellent and the fruit plate was outstanding. We saw other dishes being delivered to tables that we asked what were because it all looked GREAT! Its comfort food so get ready to eat!I will be back although I wont be staying at The Quad ever again!!!!
4	HOW I GOT STARTED WRITING YELP REVIEWSIn the spring of 2012 I went to my cousin's bachelor party in San Diego. Prior to that I had only written one Yelp review. Since the San Diego trip was going to be pretty expensive, due to the itinerary, I decided to write Yelp reviews of the places that I visited. At that time I didn't think I would constantly write Yelp reviews during these last two years? One of the places I ate in San Diego was Hash House A Go Go. I ordered a salmon omelet. The one regret I made was that I didn't order the sage fried chicken and waffles after seeing some of the customers eating this dish.Yesterday morning I ate here. Despite the item that was featured on Man vs. Food, I knew what I wanted - the sage chicken fried and waffles. As I remembered in San Diego the portions were huge. To my surprise there were small slices of bacon inside the waffles. As the saying goes everything is better with bacon. I couldn't give this rating a perfect 5-star because of the fried chicken. Despite its crunchy skin the breast meat was slightly dry. Overall I liked the dish because you get what you pay for due to the huge portions. Unlike the last time I went to San Diego location I had no regrets.
5	I had the chicken and waffles and they were FANTASTIC! My friends said the scrambles they got were average so maybe avoid those. The wait was excruciating though; make sure you have lots of time to wait and then lots of time afterward to recover, the portions are huge. Overall, I would definitely recommend and I am definitely returning on my next trip.
5	This place is worth the long wait. Delicious every time and the food is presented beautifully. The breakfast potatoes are fried well done, the eggs when ordered basted are perfect, and the menu has interesting items even for vegetarians. Sitting at the bar is entertaining because you can watch them make drinks like the s'more mocha, which I will definitely save room for next time.
4	Great service. Cool atmosphere. Trying the Sage chicken as featured on Man vs. food. Highly recommended by the staff.
1	Nope. Don't go. Overrated overpriced. Super long waits and the biscuits are terrible.
5	What a dining experience!!!!We have lived in Vegas 4 months now and this has to be the BEST breakfast place we have tried yet.  I can't wait for family to come visit to take them all here!We went on a Saturday morning early so we expected a wait.  It was crowded but the wait was only about 20 minutes.  The menu was expansive and included a blend of traditional b-fast and lunch items.  The drink menu is so large it has its own menu! We tried the chicken and waffles plate, and a special called "the Boston hash".  The plates are massive....big enough to easily feed 3 people!  Everything was excellent including the service.  If you like strong coffee....this is your spot!I have to say....if you are looking for a b-fast joint....you GOTTA try this place!
4	Be pre paired to wait up to 30 minutes no matter what time you decide to go here.  The food is worth the wait.
3	Came here after a late night at the strip looking for something to ease the hangover. After waiting for our table for an hour weWere finally seated, not really a foul though because we came in at about 1, right during lunch/brunch rush on a Saturday. Highlights:-They have fresh squeezed orange juice-Awesome bloody marries-Portions are literally ginormous- most of them could feed three people. - food was good, heavy and just what a hangover needs. Overall good Vegas atmosphere and good hangover food. Type of place you need to be rolled out of after you're done eating!
1	Maybe I wouldn't have had such high expectations if I hadn't been to the Hash House in San Diego (which is fucking amazing by the way), but I was definitely disappointed with this location. Our server informed us there was some sort of catastrophe in the kitchen and our food was going to take awhile, which was fine. It wasn't the servers fault our food took an hour to hit the table. However, while we were waiting, the server never came back to update us on the food, refill our drinks, nothing. Over an half passed. I could see our server joking around and talking to the other workers behind the bar. Finally our lukewarm food comes and still no one checks on us. No one ever refilled our drinks. I've had the same drinks in SD and the presentation was much better. My gfs champagne supernova in SD had a sugar rim and garnishes. This one literally looked like dirty dish water, had no garnish, and our server told us to "make sure to give it a good stir" because the bartender sure as hell didn't. Then I had to hunt down someone else to get my check because no one ever came to our table. Not going back.
3	The place has a TON of seating and is open 24 hours which is nice. The quad also offers free self parking, which isn't too far away.Isn't the nicest place in vegas, but it's a decent home style diner type place. Huuuuge portions, very hearty food. Expect to leave feeling a little groggy. Prices are reasonable. Open 24 hours which is nice. Chicken and waffles are good: it's not as deep fried as most fried chicken, but is lightly breaded, flavored with sage, and crumbles off when you cut it. Yum. The mashed potatoes with cheese and bacon mixed into it is food too.
4	Fairly priced and decent home-cooked type of food. Kind of a quirky lil hidden restaurant with interesting plating and friendly staff. They put so much food on the plate it's ridic. I didn't have to wait for service but we prob ate at a weird hour like 10 or something.
1	ZERO STARS. Good food, enormous portions however the service is POOR. Too many amazing places to eat in Vegas to have to deal with the crappy service and inappropriate people working here.
5	Had to try out the famous man vs foodHash House A Go Go when we were in Vegas and man was I not disappointed!Went on a Monday morning. Place was very busy and was told roughly a 20 minute line. We waited about ten minutes and were seated in a nice little booth.  Our waiter was great and suggested the spicy blood Mary's so started out the morning with a couple of those which were good size for a Vegas drink. When our food arrived at our table I knew we made the right choice. From seeing the show I knew the portions were huge so my gf and I decided to split one of their snickers pancakes and the bacon, cheese, avocado scrambler. The food was amazing! The snickers pancake was probably the best pancake I have ever had! The pieces of snickers was a perfect combo to a delicious buttermilk pancake. My girlfriend who loves savory food really enjoyed the scrambler with the fresh avocado and breakfast potatoes. Even splitting this meal we were not able to finish all of our food.Overall it was a great dining experience would definitely recommend and I would for sure go back!
5	the portions are enormous! i had the tractor driver combo with french toast and was so full i didn't need to eat the rest of the day. my husband had the corned beef hash and he loved it, and it left him stuffed to the brim as well! the bloody marys are perfect - just the right amount of spice! i've been to vegas twice but this was the first time we ventured into the quad/linq area and it is not to be missed!
3	Went there on Easter Sunday and even tho it was not packed they took about and hour and a half to bring our food . We asked what was taking so long and they said they were running slow . They were very polite that's a plus the food was very yummy and big but I gave it three starts because they took forever to make waffles and eggs :/
2	Tried the Pork Tenderloin thinking its might be a healthier alternative with spinach, tomato. Not a chance pork tenderloin was breaded and laying on a huge mound of potatoes. Huge portions! $27.00 should be a meal for two. Sorry that i missed Sushi happy hour at Flamingo as is my stomach.
5	One of my fav places to go eat when in Vegas. Chicken and bacon waffles and watermelon kiwi lemonade is a must when here. U cant go wrong.
2	Meh...was crowded.  Food may have been fresh at some time, but did not come through that way.  Parts of my eggs were a bit tough.  Had to use a knife to cut my waffle (yes really). The staff was friendly and it was a lively environment.  Wouldn't go out of my way to go back.
5	This was one of my favorite places to eat and drink on the strip. We first stopped by for breakfast, the wait was 25 minutes which is a bit long but understandable for a popular restaurant. We put our name in and went down to the casino to gamble a bit. We came back and we're sat within minutes. Our server Alonzo was helpful with directing us through the menu because I was very indecisive. I wish he warned us about portion size, had we know how big the plates were, we would have split an order. We went from starving to uncomfortable full with less than half the plate eaten.We also came back at 2 am because the place is 24hours. We ordered this particular bartenders signature margaritas and were not disappointed. The drink was made well and made this light-weight pretty drunk.
4	We were looking for a good breakfast place on our last day so we checked yelp and decided to try this place. We were seated pretty quickly even though this place was packed. Our server was super friendly and although he did mention how big the portion sizes were, my boyfriend and I wanted different things so we got our own plates. We should have listened to our server..we didn't even get through half our plates before we were stuffed! I got the chorizo hash and my boyfriend got the biscuits and gravy. Both plates were yummy and very filling. I highly suggest sharing with someone or you will find yourself talking half of it to go. Will definitely be back next time I'm in Vegas!
4	A lil on the pricey side, but what isn't in Vegas!! But honestly for the price u are getting quality food in large portions. Sage fried chicken with spinach is amazing, my gf had the mushroom hash with scrambled eggs.  Check it out!!
2	Prepare to wait a life time. It was a two hour wait. 1 hour to be seated and 1 hour to get our food. Bc of how packed it was we were expecting some kind of over the top Breakfast. But reality hit quick, breakfast was ordinary nothing you can't find anywhere else. If you order eggs make sure they are COOKED. 3 of us had water down eggs, looked like powdered eggs. Not "fresh" at all, like the waitress explained. Anyway.. To not worth the wait.
2	This place was horrible. Bad service, long waits for food & service, bland food. Barely saw the staff.....Yes, the food is HUGE portions but everything is practically tasteless & bland! The biscuits that everything come with are horrible & taste more like flour than anything else. Very, very dry.I got the smoked salmon/potato hash & it was OK. The potatos were burnt & greasy. I ended up just picking out the salmon. The boyfriend got the sage chicken & said it was incredibly dry.Won't return unless it's 2am... not worth the wait from 10am-2pm.
3	Really fun spot to try out!! My husband and I were excited to see what all the excitement was about and looking for a big breakfast. It was very busy inside but the 24 min wait was not bad. All staff was amazing! Our waiter was super friendly and attentive. My pancake was great but a little disappointed it didn't come with any sides. My husbands biscuits and gravy were pretty bland and a let down. It was good overall but just not quite as amazing as we thought. The delicious drinks and excellent staff made it worth it
4	Came here on a Sunday around 11:30am with my mom. They quoted us about 45 minutes to an hour for a table but we got in in about 30 minutes. While you're waiting you can always go downstairs and check out the [smaller sized] casino. We split the chicken and waffles and it was huge. I ate 1 waffle and half of one chicken breast and was done. The couple next to use had the pork/ham benedict and it was ginormous. The chicken could have been seasoned a little bit differently but it was still good.
4	Came here on a Sunday around 11:30am with my bf and they told us the wait will be approximately 45 min.  Fine, since we were just gonna drive home to SD from there anyway.  We got seated at around the 40 min mark.  Our waitress was nice, but very forgetful (in terms of food and what we wanted to drink.)  By the time the food came, we were famished.  No need to say, didn't get around to taking pictures of the food.The food was superb and they give u ALOT. You def can split one meal in two. Worth a try, delicious, but be forewarned that you will be "sick" to your stomach after. =]
3	Alright, so here's the deal with this place. My husband and I have a hard time finding restaurants that will please us both. I amMore of a foodie. He hates anything pretentious with small servings. This place is our happy medium. Good food , LARGE servings and a hipster ambience. Love the one in San Diego. Vegas location has a totally different vibe...kinda trashy and in a crappy casino. Food was still good though.
1	Waited 45min for a table with half the place empty and then when finally sat no one came to our table for 20 min plus....we had to get up and leave! Really if you are too busy and under staffed just say so and don't waste my time!
4	Very good food made from scratch... And man do they sure give you a ton of it!  The menu had so many options, it was really hard to decide.  The servers were very friendly and attentive.  Breakfast hit the spot and I saw a handful of items on the menu I still want to try, so I'm going to attempt to get back here again soon!
4	Diverse menu, friendly staff and busy atmosphere.Go early, if party of two, sit at the bar - lots of good small talk and action going on. As well as delicious bloody mary's (they make their own mix and it shows).Get the sage-fried chicken and whatever, this is the best, most moist chicken. Food portions are large and overeating is easy to achieve here.It's crowded because it's an affordable and delicious breakfast spot. Get a bloody mary while you wait!
1	Food was over hyped and nothing special.  THE WAITRESS STOLE MY CARD AND FORGED MY SIGNATURE AND CHARGED MY CARD FOUR TIMES!! After speaking with management they acted like they didn't care and would not even comp a drink or meal for my troubles.
4	Excellent Brunch in VegasYou won't be leaving here hungry, the portions are massive. With prices ranging from $10-$20 you definitely get your moneys worth. The food is delicious and the service is excellent. While they don't have any omlettes on the menu (what I was planning to order) they more than made up for it with their scramble style plates. I had a avacado, onion, bacon, and swiss scramble which consisted of the aforementioned ingredients with approximately 4 eggs scrambled into a delicious cheesy egg mixture. This included a side of fried potatoes, fruit, and a delicious biscuit. Overall it really hit the spot and I didn't leave feeling terrible about myself. However, some of the other items people ordered were absolutely too big. A huge mount of eggs, cheese, meats, and gravy, over a biscuit... at least 2-3 times the size of the entree I ordered. While this was amazing it made me sick just thinking about eating it. So I would recommend ordering a smaller entree if you plan on moving the rest of the day. Overall, a great experience well deserving of the current 4 star status.
5	My wife and I just went to Vegas for a quick getaway.  We were staying at The Quad (formerly Imperial Palace), and we went here four times during our stay.  The first time, we went for brunch and both ordered a meal.  The blueberry pancake was the size of a steering wheel!  My wife got the chicken and waffles.  The portions are enormous, but worth it.  The prices are great for the portions that you get.  The next time we ordered sandwiches thinking we could eat half of it and save it for later, which worked.  The next two times, we split a starter and a meal.  It worked out real well.  Especially since my wife is an employee of The Quad's parent company, so she gets a discount!  I would highly recommend anyone that is going to Vegas, regardless of where you're staying, to check out this restaurant.  Well worth the time and money.  Great service by all the servers we had.  Julien, Al, and Rochelle were fantastic!  Thank you for making our stay at The Quad much more enjoyable!
4	I came here yesterday after a great weekend celebrating a friend's bachelor party. With 4 of us left, it only took about 20 mins to get a table.The portions here are huge and the prices to match. If you don't want to leave in a stretcher or get a doggie bag, I would recommend sharing a plate. Two of my friends go the chicken and waffles, which were 2 giant chicken breasts with 4 bacon waffles. and we're not talking fluffy light waffles, we're talking batter dense waffles. I got the Chicken, potatoes, eggs, and bacon with a biscuit.  that was also very good.  the chicken has a great seasoning on it and lots of moisture, especially for the breast meat. potatoes had (I think) grilled mozzerella in them, which was cool.  The biscuit was surprisingly a little on the dry chalky side, but they had some nice jam and butter to help that.If the portions were smaller and prices lower to match, it would definitely be 5 stars, but the portions and prices were just a little to ridiculous for me. But I guess that's Vegas? or maybe the expanding waistline of America.
4	After getting so drunk at the Flamingo pool the day before, getting escorted out by security (nice guys btw), and then passing out the rest of the day, I was in need of some serious breakfast the next morning. After reading many positive reviews on this place, we have it a try and I'm so glad we did! The food came out in epic proportion! The servings were HUGE and tasted great (my opinion may be slightly swayed by the fact I hadn't eaten in almost 24 hrs but still). The service was excellent and the pricing fair for what we received. Great breakfast spot!
4	Delicious! Staff is friendly, coffee and food are delicious, and the portions are huge. That's my only gripe - I had to stop myself from cleaning my plate of eggs, potatoes, biscuit, and fruit or I'd have exploded. Service and quality was far superior to that of the hotel next door, where I stayed.
5	Amazing breakfast! Went in for a very late breakfast on a Wednesday about 2pm. I ordered the French toast. My husband ordered the eggs, bacon and a pancake the size of a hubcap. My French toast was amazing. Pecan nuts and banana. To die for. Best French toast I've ever had. We got seated right away and our sever was very friendly. We never had empty glasses. Next time I visit vegas I will definitely get the French toast again.
5	We had a decent wait for Sunday brunch--- but it was absolutely worth it!  It was fun to  look at all the celebrity photos and what they ordered in the waiting area in the mean time. Once we were seated--- it seemed busy with a lot of hustle and bustle and typical diner booths.   We went with the chicken and waffles based on reviews, and I have to say-- they were the best we've ever ordered!!! Will definitely return here.
5	Chicken and waffles!  I was so excited to try this place out after seeing it on tv. It is inside the Quad ( formerly the imperial palace).  Go all the way to the back, away from the strip entrance.  There is a escalator with signage.  No wait at 8 am on Wednesday.  Plenty is seating booths and tables.   They are open 24/7 with a full service bar. The portions are ridiculous.  Definitely enough for two meals.  It was so good.  The chicken was juicy and flavorful.  The waffles had a hint of vanilla with bacon cooked right in.  Is it better than Roscoe's in L.A. ? No.  But , it is legit. My only criticizim is not enough syrup.  Definitely ask for extra right off the bat.  Our server was great and attentive.  He even offered to give us to go cups for our coffee. I look forward to coming back next trip.  P. S.  I brought the leftovers with me on the plane.  Too good to waste.
5	This restaurant is amazing. Expect to do a little waiting because it was packed in the morning. However, the wait time was only 15 minutes for my group of 4 people. I ordered the waffles and they were great but the portion was so huge that I could only eat a quarter of my plate. My friends got the flapper jacks in the banana flavor and that was so good. It was a perfect balance of soft, crunchy and sweet. I would expect everything on this menu to be delicious and when I go back to vegas, I know I'll be coming back here again!
5	I highly recommend going here for breakfast! My husband and I stayed at Caesars and didn't like there options for breakfast. We searched yelp and it came up for a hot breakfast spot. It is about a ten minute walk from Caesars  and worth it! We had the French toast, eggs, bacon, home fries and biscuits! Yum yum yum!
1	My wife and I had the salmon and asparagus eggs Benedict and the Dave's chicken Benedict and we were very disappointed.   The servings were huge but sometimes less is more.   I don't write many negative reviews but I don't see what everyone is ravings about.  Our bill was $57 with coffee, two breakfasts and one bloody Mary.  I'm sorry but wouldn't eat there again.  McDonald's actually sounded good after that meal.
2	Had dinner with my four sisters from out of town, on 4/27/14. Entrees included the Meatloaf, Chicken Alfredo, Chicken Skillet, Guacamole Chicken Salad, and a Corned Beef Reuben. All the meals came luke warm, closer to cold. Food was lacking in flavor. I have not heard one positive thing from my sisters about that meal. So I guess you could say it was a night to forget. Definitely do not recommend this place for anyone with a discerning palate. Also, the food came fast, like it was already plated and then barely warmed up. The waiter then more or less disappeared, had no knowledge of what he was trying to sell us. Acted more or less, like he could care less about our dining experience. This was my call since I am the local. So it is my fault for not researching further.
4	The food for brunch is good. I had the chicken with eggs and bacon. It was different and very good. Huge portion, absolutely huge. Service was great, solid place to try once for brunch or lunch
1	Quality of food has dramatically gone down. Been here 2 times in the last 3 months and was deeply dissapointed...have in mind that you make line for an hour and then another 45-60 mins for the food. They wont quote that when you give your name. And sadly you cant get any appetizers or any food because they go in order of ticket. Wint be back.
4	Came here last month for brunch with my friends on a Sunday morning and our wait was an hour long.We didn't know how big the portions were, so when we got our food we were in shock. One of my friends and I got the Andy Sage Fried Chicken Benedict and two of my other friends got the original Sage Fried Chicken. If we knew how big the portions were, I think we would have just shared. Yea, not sure what I was thinking, I had this place bookmarked (SD location), i should have read the reviews right before going in. Oh well...I also tried their spike kiwi watermelon lemonade drink, it was so yummy yum-yum! Knowing this place is open 24/7, It is a good place to go after clubbing and drinking all night. This place is known to have a long wait, so it's best to come early morning. Also, they get so busy that the service is really slow. It took us a while to get our drinks... overall experience I would come back here and try something different and share with someone.
2	I was disappointed overall, especially given the rave reviews. Maybe we just came on a bad night.Pros-Staff was nice-Beautiful, fantastic presentation of food-Freshly squeezed tangerine juice  and lemonade goodCons-I got crab cakes, and there wasn't enough crab in it. It was mostly bread. Even though it was savory, there was no crab or seafood taste at all, and no chunks of crab at all. Disappointing for its steeper price of 24.99.-My husband got the chicken and waffles. The skin was crispy and the food beautifully plated. However, it was very bland. The syrup was not sweet enough, the chicken not flavorful, nor the waffle exceptionally freshly warm or tasty or freshly slightly crispy on outside. It was cold and very ordinary tasting. In chicken and waffles, not all 3 elements can be bland and ordinary. One must be more stronger or flavorful, either a sweeter syrup, or a well flavored and marinated chicken, or a great waffle. It is possible for the other 2 elements to be ordinary if one element is done well. It was bland. To top it off, the chicken still had its bone. I usually don't mind, but on top of everything, another minus. Overall, a disappointment, especially when the final bill for 2 of us came out to $69 for beautiful, but bland and ordinary tasting food.
1	this place is disgusting. the food is gross - both in terms of how much they give you and how it tastes. the windowless interior adds nothing to the experience. I don't know why anyone would give this more than one star. i would like to give it negative stars if i could. it's a house of gross gluttony.
5	Just awesome. Huge amounts of food, great people working there, great people watching. Great drinks. While eating here I ordered the safe friend chicken Benedict. So good, it came with mashed potatoes, biscuits, bacon, eggs, friend chicken, tomato, and spinach. IT Was HUGE. next time I will get one and share. The boyfriend had their pancakes, which was ok. Dense and eggy. But there syrup was very good. This is a place you just need to try! Oh and the drinks were awesome too.
2	Ok, so we went here on the recommendation of a travel website. Everyone raved about the large portions of good food. Well, they got the large portions right.  If you like huge amounts of greasy, heavy food this is the place for you. My hubby and I like quality over quantity, so not really a good fit for us. Even the mimosas were not good.  Add to that the fact that the waitress was almost non existent and we will not be back.
5	My go to restaurant for breakfast when I visit Vegas. Always good food, service and drinks too! I always order a scramble...one of these days I will venture out! But I love the griddled mashed potatoes and the biscuit it comes with. My friend enjoyed the french toast. You will leave here with your stomach very full and happy!
4	Went here last summer during a bachelor party. 4 strapping young men carbo loading for a 5 day grand canyon hike, we could not have asked for a better spot. There was a wait, but we got there early so it wasnt too bad. The hash skillets were great and andy's fried chicken benedict was also really good. Service is what you would expect from a jam packed brunch place serving the only decently priced breakfast in vegas. I took my Buffet loving dad here and he hasnt stopped talking about it since. Strongly recommended.
4	Everything the world needs to know about us fat Americans can be found at the Hash House A Go Go.  Vegas is a city of sin and this is Gluttony at it's finest.  Hash House describes their concept as Twisted Farm Food.  It's American comfort food taken out of it's overalls and dressed up.  I came here for one thing.....The Sage Fried Chicken Benedict.  I saw it on Man vs Food and knew someday it would have to be mine.So many times when a place "creates" a tower of food all combined together on a gargantuan plate, it's not well thought out.  This is different and the key here is each ingredient is great on it's own.  From the bottom up we have mashed potatoes, nicely seasoned and thrown on a griddle to get them slightly browned.  Then why stop with one starch when you can have two?  The mashed potatoes are topped with a couple of fluffy buttermilk biscuits that are some of the most tasty I've ever had.  Followed by fresh spinach (it's great that they don't cook it so it doesn't get mushy) and slices of Red Beefsteak Tomato.  This is topped with a couple of slices of hickory smoked bacon and then it's namesake....A half pound well seasoned fried chicken breast.  Corn flakes are used as the batter and it keeps it's crunch well.  Top this with scrambled eggs and cheese.  The cheese is fried up on the griddle so it's melted prior to going on everything else.  This also creates a nice browned skin to the melted cheese.  I forgot to ask what cheese they were using, but it wasn't too strong.  It seemed it's main job was bond itself to the chipotle cream sauce that is poured on top and create one cheesy gooey chipotle sauce that seals everything in.  Winner Winner Chicken Dinner!  I hope they never open a Hash House near me because I could see myself craving one of these life ending creations often.  5 Stars all the way.The masterpiece... http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/hash-house-a-go-go-las-vegas-5?select=8oW8c6E4IWay0MhURzQn_Q#4MG6MmBLXIl1kwp_ucw3kgAnd here's a nice cross section of it to fully appreciate all it's glory...  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/hash-house-a-go-go-las-vegas-5?select=8oW8c6E4IWay0MhURzQn_Q#50iLIS2poMhauloTh8so2wI also got a chance to try the Big O' Crispy Hand Hammered Pork Tenderloin Sandwich.  We all agreed while impressive to look at, it wasn't on the same level as Sage Fried Chicken Benedict.  It was a tasty deep fried pork cutlet but I found it needing more than just the sprinkling of ketchup on it as it got a little dry.  I did love the pickles as the vinegar flavor worked well with the pork.  Perhaps some kind of creamy BBQ sauce would have been better.  The bun was a whole wheat bun, but was a throw away here.  Why whole wheat?  I have no idea.  3.5 stars http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/hash-house-a-go-go-las-vegas-5?select=8oW8c6E4IWay0MhURzQn_Q#sMJihbRjw3f9nOLeumyMPQMy wife for some reason got the most boring burger on the menu.  As such I found myself saying....just a burger.  Their burgers are two half pound patties stuffed with a few different options.  Well it doesn't seem that they are really "stuffed" just things are put between the 2 burgers.  She got bacon, cheddar, and avocado.  So to me it was just how they layered everything, big deal the bacon, cheddar, and avocado was between two separate patties.  There was also no sauce?  Just ketchup.  We asked for some mayo, so it wasn't so dry, but this place should really come up with their own sauce.  If you want a burger, there are better more creative options in Vegas, such as Burger Bar or Bachi Burger.  3.5 stars. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/hash-house-a-go-go-las-vegas-5?select=8oW8c6E4IWay0MhURzQn_Q#hjjZMDOZjlfQE0GSgrp17AI'm sure there are other 5 star dishes here as I saw a lot of amazing looking things.  My daughter's plain pancake was one of the best I've ever tasted.  They do them all kinds of ways here.  Of course the pancake was the size of a medium pizza and a good 3/4 inch thick.  For sure I'm trying one of their hash dishes next time.  After all they are called Hash House.  The Meatloaf and Smoked Mozzarella Hash sounds great with a couple of over easy eggs on top.  I can recommend the banana latte.  It was excellent. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/hash-house-a-go-go-las-vegas-5?select=8oW8c6E4IWay0MhURzQn_Q#V1jbFFDhdWldAaGeyBHHWgExpect at least a 20-30 minute wait as the word is out on this place.  They told us 45, but we were in in 20.  It's a huge restaurant and they move them in and out fairly well.  Open 24 hours!!!!
3	I arrived at 11 a.m. on a Monday and was able to avoid the 15 minute wait by sitting at the bar.  The food is cooked to order so it takes a while to get served, but it was a pleasure to have a seat with a/c that was not in front of a slot machine.  The bartenders were great and the food (chicken pot pie) was very heavy.  I need to go nap now.
5	The portions are hefty (man vs food), but also come with a flavor of fireworks. The brown sugar and banana flapjack, wowwww! The servers were pretty attentive, which is great because this place was packed, and for good reason. If you have a bite card, you get a discount here. Definitely will be back next time I'm in town.
5	I literally can't think of anything wrong with this establishment. From food, to customer service, to overall look and feel of the restaurant, it definitely warrants 5 stars. Quality and quantity are the key words here. The portion sizes are fit for kings and queens. HUGE! My husband and I have yet to finish a full meal here. The waffles, chicken, pancakes, eggs, potatoes, french toast and many other dishes are so large that they could use their own individual plates! The meals are also vertical, literally. The food is piled on top of itself as you can see in many of the photos. The presentation and plating is stellar. As soon as you see your food, you're amazed! The quality of the food and seasonings are top notch. One of their little catch phrases is "twisted farm food", which definitely holds true. They even tell you when you order that everything is made to order, that they don't use any heat lamps, and that your food may come out in separate pieces and separate times. This is so awesome to me and ensures that my food is fresh. Even the juice is fresh squeezed when you order it, so it may take a few mins to arrive. The setup of the restaurant is really cool, roomy, kind of dark, and overall has a great vibe. We haven't had one bad customer service problem here. The wait staff is fantastic, and they all look genuinely happy to be working there. The main thing I noticed is that there are a million and one employees here. You see them zipping back and forth the whole time you're there. The staff is also VERY diverse as far as appearance and ethnicity. Be prepared for somewhat of a wait at this location. Eating at a restaurant such as Hash House A Go Go is definitely a priority for MANY people when they come to Vegas--myself included!
1	One star is being considerate....... Went @ 5pm on a Saturday & sat @ the bar. Bartender was restocking the bar @ the other end & never greeted us. While we waited patiently for her to come over, 4 people walked in wanting drinks to-go & she served them before even greeting us. I had to stop the Manager to take our drink order & food order after waiting about 10 minutes. Only about 4 tables were occupied in the restaurant, yet it took about 40 minutes to get burgers for the 3 of us. The food was decent but customer service was horrible.
4	We had a favorable experience here. It was later in the night when we went and all my friends were drunk and obnoxious, so kudos to the staff at HHAGG to put up with drunken patrons night after night.I got their well know chicken and waffles. Its $15 -18 I think (can't remember) but its ginormous. They chicken was delicious but their waffle was a bit soft for my liking, but I have a preference for crispier waffles. The bacon inside the waffle was a nice surprise and I must say, was definitely the bonus in the meal. It is definitely a shareable plate and I would love to come back here again for it.If you haven't been, you must try.
4	If you don't mind getting a heart attack eat here! food is pretty amazing but the portions are HUGE! they place was pretty big and very busy so plan ahead for a bit of wait.
5	This is perfect breakfast to recover from an amazing night! They serve large portions of food and I was stuffed after finishing my meal. I highly recommend this place. I'd definitely come here next time I come to Vegas!
4	I did a search on Yelp last week about the best breakfast in Vegas and this place came up. Since it was located next door to my hotel we were eager to try it. Thursday morning - line out the door, so we skipped itSaturday morning - line down the stairs, so we skipped itMonday morning - line out the door, but decided to stay.  The line moved surprisingly quick. There were 4 of us at the table and the server was really great. I asked her what she recommended and she went through some things and gave great input. She even suggested that each couple could split a meal and there would be plenty of food to spare. But being the gluttons we are, we wanted to try many things so we each ordered something different. What ensued was maybe the best breakfast I've ever had. Everybody loved everything and there was indeed too much food, but it was worth it. I also feel it's one of the finer values on the Strip as far as cost. ~$15pp for the best breakfast you're likely to ever have is a bargain
4	Delicious food! Great portions of food.Cons - Had to wait 40 minutes to sit and another 40 minutes for the food but it was worth it. We also had trouble finding the host stand with all the other people waiting.
5	must go stop in las vegas if you are a foodie! no need to write a long review just go that's it!
5	This place is amazeballs!!! The portions are HUGE so go hungry. The pancakes are bigger than the plate and if you're not pork eater like my husband and I, the chicken sausage is to die for. Be prepared for a little bit of a wait but once seated the service is pretty quick. Pics definitely will be visiting the Chicago location real soon!
3	The food was delicious. I ordered the Sage Fried Chicken Benedict which was around the 13-20 $ range, I can't remember exactly. Portions were large and came out in a fairly decent amount of time. The only thing that ruined my experience was the rude redheaded host. We asked to be sat in a booth and she refused telling us that she absolutely could not. Now I could understand this if it was packed and busy, but it was 5 AM, and there was plenty of seating, not even half full!  I had to ask to speak to someone else and then we were seated 10 mins later in a booth. What really irritated me even further was that a party of three (same as ours) was seated in the booth in front of us by the redheaded host not even 5 mins later! I'm not sure if she was talked to by her managers. I shouldn't have to argue for a seat in a half empty restaurant.  I will return again to try some different dishes since the first dish I ordered was delicious. I heard the chicken a waffles are a must here. I hope next time I get a polite host! What good is a restaurant if the food is good and the service is terrible! Especially when it's the host, the first interaction I have when entering.
3	Food was amazing portions were great,  waiters were awesome only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is the hostesses were very rude it's a very busy place so you'd expect them to be able to be professional and nice to there customers no matter what is going on
4	So the first time we tried come here, the line was out the door and down the stairs. An hour wait they said.... Nope.So we came later around 7 pm and there were maybe 3 other patrons. Which was great because we were on our way to a Vegas show after and we couldn't wait long.Anyways I ordered a mojito, fried green tomatoes and we split the Chicken and Waffles.The waiter was enthusiastic and I really liked him. I told him I didn't really enjoy the mojito and he was really cool about it. The fried green tomatoes were really beautifully delivered. They rate great too. But if I had a particular critique I'd say the batter the tomatoes in were flavorless and it kinda brought down the dish.The wait to get my main entree was insane. Especially since there were only 3 other customers. I mean how long does it take to throw some chicken in a skillet and put some waffles in a waffle maker? Not 45 minutes.But honestly the wait was worth it. Those sage chicken and waffles were amazing. Really.. Really... Amazing.So yeah. I'll come back and I'll bring patience with me.
5	This place is pretty good. The food amount was overwelmingly hugee!!!! I highly doubt that most people can finish their food.  The wait was about 1 hour to 1 hour and 30 mins.. but felt shorter because they were calling names pretty fast and often.. sucks to go when you are really hungry cause you have to wait and there is also cooking time so by the time my food came out i wasnt hungry as i waa before :( but all in all everything was good and our server was also good. Very friendly and checked up on us often. :)
1	Large portion of disgusting food. Pancake was bigger than my face but not fluffy at all. I'm really not into large quantity of food that lacks in quality.
5	You definitely need to order the chicken ceaser salad! It's beyond flavorful and delicious! Also, they serve very large portions!
4	Love this place.i  First went to San Diego then when I found out there was one in vegas well here I go.  Always a line.  Bar is small but we always try to get in and dine at the bar. Don't miss out.
4	The wait was quoted @ 40mins around 1 in the afternoon but it seems as though we were seated quicker than expected. The server was above par. He was attentive and definitely aware of the his customers orders. I give him props because he looked as though his feet were aching but he kept pushing through. Seating arrangement is tight especially if one has long legs. Now the food, the waffles were just okay (3/5) without the syrup but as soon as I added the syrup my taste buds were pleased (5/5). The sausage was great. The eggs tasted as expected. The biscuit was good with the strawberry jam (oh so yummy). I would definitely go again. Last comment: the coffee is nothing special kinda watered down.
4	I sat up at the bar so I didn't have to wait.  They were serving up very tasty looking drinks like Bloody Mary's and everyone sitting near me enjoyed what they ordered. I had biscuits and gravy with potatoes and eggs which was awesome. I could only eat half of it.
4	Sage chicken Benedict was awesome! Large portions and good prices for Vegas. The smores hot chocolate was soooooo freakin good. i was so full but couldn't leave until I finished it! Going to San Diego and definitely going to try that location out.
5	I heard a lot of good things about this place so I thought I'd give it a try. Went about a week ago with one of my gfs and we loved it!!! I wanted to try the fried chicken and waffles and she wanted an eggs benedict dish so our waiter suggested we share Andy's sage fried chicken benedict and get a bacon waffle on the side..and let me tell you it was delicious, filling, and HUGE!! We couldn't even finish it between the two of us...def glad we went and I will be going back!!
5	Great food, the portions are awesome.  The wait is kind of long and the service is decent
2	Being a chicken & waffle connoisseur, it was a given that we were going to partake of Hash House's fare. And after perusing their menu, the mouth-watering descriptions of their food certainly fired up my imagination. I could barely wait to see what exactly they would serve up. We showed up to the Quad, and saw the line was already building even at the early hour we arrived. We were quoted a 40 minute wait, and waited exactly that long.We were seated quickly, and our server was friendly. I ordered the chicken & waffles, and she ordered the fried chicken benedict. For some reason, our server warned us saying it would take upwards of 30 minutes to produce my dish. Not sure why -- she said it was busy. But come on -- it's fried chicken. Doesn't take that long to cook, and if a freaking Vegas restaurant that specializes in the stuff doesn't have it dropping in the fryer every minute, well shoot. Thirty minutes pass, and our server produces two massively towering plates of food. Four waffles (with bacon in between), two chicken breasts, stabbed with a knife to hold it all together. Lots of sage garnish (of course, sage-fried chicken and all). It looked impressive. Unfortunately, the impressions ended there. Mediocre waffles -- even the bacon couldn't save them. Even more mediocre chicken -- flavorful and seasoned, for sure, but undercooked. Not raw undercooked, but rather, the breading was still doughy and not fully crisp. It was fine and all, but considering I paid $20 freaking dollars for it, totally underwhelming. I spent the entire time looking on at her dish, which looked and tasted considerably better than mine.If you're a fan of Roscoe's and the like, don't expect the same here. It's all glamor and glitz, and no substance at all. If the dish were half the size and minus all the garnish, it could've actually been decent. Even more so if it didn't take so freaking long to serve. If you like long waits, high prices, and deeply mediocre southern-style grub, then sure, come on down.
5	Hash house is always an option whenever I'm in Vegas. Portions are huge so sharing might be a good idea.I've had the Chorizo Hash and also Andy's Sage Fried Chicken Benedict. Both are delicious! The location at The Quad is also open 24/7.
2	Maybe I'm bad at selecting worthwhile entrees, or maybe Hash House focuses on presentation over taste. The service is excellent, the portions are huge, the atmosphere is fun. BUT, of the three entrees I've ordered at this location, the food was bland and forgettable. Chicken & waffles look fantastic when delivered, but the chicken is dry and the sage flavoring is blah - huge disappointment and very hard to eat. The pancakes are huge but again the flavor is bland. This last time I went conservative and had a simple chicken Caesar salad and -ack- it was an anchovy based dressing. My fault this time as I know it's common and I should have asked but come on,  who actually likes anchovy Caesar dressing? Bleck. The pork cutlet and meatloaf meals the others ordered looked good. I guess I'll try one of those if I'm drug to Hash House again in the future.
4	The portions are HUGE! If I went back I would just get one plate to split. I got the chicken and biskets and waffles.  They were both very good and lived up to the hype.
5	Went for breakfast on Saturday 5/31. There was definitely a crowd, but reading the reviews on here, we were fine with waiting. They said it would be about a 35 min wait, but it was really maybe 15-20. The menu is great. I wanted to try one of everything. :) I ordered the House Hash - Fresh Mushroom, artichoke hearts, sun dried tomato and fresh spinach. It was great. SO much food. I even ate the biscuit and I don't really eat much bread. the biscuit was crispy on the outside. So good. I definitely recommend this place. The service was great as well. Wow, it can be super  busy and you get good service? Love it. I have already recommended this place to a friend of mine who  has family in vegas. They will be trying this place out now :) I will be back as well.
3	American obesity at its most shameless!Don't get me wrong, it's tasty. Pile fried chicken and scrambled eggs and biscuits and gravy and bacon AND CHEESE on mashed potatoes, and it's gonna taste good.Same with bananas and brown sugar in a pancake.The portions are HUGE and the prices are low (by major city standards), so it's easy to understand why people like it here.I gave 3 stars for 2 reasons, neither of which having to do with taste:1) the location is depressing. It's dark and crammed at the top of an escalator in the Quad (former Imperial Palace), and has zero ambiance. Not that one would expect romance, but it's really just sad and weird and ugly.There's no bathroom in the restaurant (or so I was told by the hostess), so if the feeling strikes you, prepare for another trip back down the escalator and into the casino.2) it's like, socially irresponsible to serve portions that large.
4	We came here because we have been to the San Diego one and loved it. Beware, they get very crowded at all times. But that is pretty much the same story for any good food place in Vegas. The menu is a little smaller than the normal Hash House but the food was delicious. I got the Farm Scramble with tomatoes, goat cheese and basil. I really really enjoyed that. The goat cheese was the perfect pairing for it. We also got their bloodies- the bacon one. I liked it but it was pretty spicy which I did not expect. It didn't say it was going to be spicy on the menu like some of the others did. It was harder to drink for me. Also, their bloody mary menu is very tiny compared to the normal Hash House which was a little disappointing. All in all, the food and service were really good just don't expect a great selection when it comes to bloodies (something they are known for).
3	Pretty good! The wait time wasn't bad for a Sunday morning, I expected a lot worse. It's a cool place overall. Our server Fonda was very pleasant and quick. The food was yummy, portions are ENORMOUS. I got the chorizo scramble and it's served in this massive cast iron skillet. It was good but the chorizo tasted a bit like chili which makes me wonder what was in it. My husband got the fried chicken benedict and this thing was a heart attack on a plate with fried chicken, mashed potatoes, bacon, cream gravy, eggs, etc. Overall - not too shabby for a local chain. I don't know if I'll be back but it wasn't bad by any means.
4	I was about to turn around and take the escalator back down because of the god awful line that has formed on a Saturday morning, luckily my best friend is a platinum total rewards card holder and we didn't have to wait very long, food still took forever to come out, but we amused ourselves with silly conversations and the time flew by. Our waiter was great, he had a great sense of humor and knew how to calm the restless villagers. I was so hungry, I was about to eat my arm.Apparently when the food arrived, I just started shoveling my pie hole as fast as I could without saying a word, I was in the zone, enjoying my chicken & waffles. My friends were talking to me and I just kept ignoring them, no time to conversate, must eat everything off the plate, I did try but the portions were huge, I just couldn't finish it.We had a great breakfast, everyone seemed to enjoy themselves, I was so stuffed afterwards I had to go back to my hotel and take a nappy nap zzzZZZZZZZZZ
4	It was pretty damn good. I had the sage chicken and egg Benedict (MvF) and it was delicious! The portion size was huge! We waited for a table for about 35 minutes but once we were seated our orders were taken quickly and the food arrived fast. I suggest ordering one of their bloody Mary's while you wait because they are quite tasty and help with hangovers... Especially the one I had. Haha.
5	This flap jack was soo good and also HUGE!! Service was friendly and it didn't take too long to get the food either. Will def go again!
5	Out of all the places I visited at Vegas, THIS is the one that I can't WAIT to come back to. We were greeted warmly and waited for a half an hour for a spot. To be expected as this place was buzzing with hype. We marveled at the hostesses yelling voice as she called for party after party after party. We sat and the server was fun and spunky and had a slight twang. Loved it.We shares three plates for five grown ass men. We walked out full. The Benedict is to die for. I will be eating this every time I come back to Vegas. The other two dishes were great as well but just weren't as memorable as that Benedict. Something about that conglomeration of great foods with that chipotle sauce...Walked out extremely satisfied. I will definitely be back.
3	Finally got to try the Food Network renowned Hash House A Go Go.We got here at around 8-ish on a Saturday morning; and the wait was already about 30mins.It's like... "c'mon people...aren't you all supposed to be dead tired on your beds from partying last night?" --No.. not the case.. apparently.. there are a lot of breakfast enthusiasts that actually do come on breakfast time (They do serve their menu all day...24/7 okay)...Cory and I got seated on a little booth by the bar on the left. Even my tall husband said the table was too high. Let's just say it wasn't too ergonomic for eating.Our server's name was: Sassy..... She got our drink orders and Cory and I already knew what our orders were even before being seated.. so we gave that to Sassy too....What i like about Hash house is that... It doesn't have a cellphone network coverage for AT&T!!! And it didn't seem like they had wi-fi either.So pretty much all my check-ins and foodie Instagram photos had to wait....But I liked how Cory and I got to spend the whole breakfast date...Phone less... How liberating. I was a bit on edge.. but it was awesome. We played with straw wrappers; we checked each other's noses for boogers... we made faces at each other. Yes.. lots of things you can do while waiting for your order.Anyway...My gigantic SAGE CHICKEN AND BACON WAFFLES walked over to the table (like seriously, it covered Sassy's head while she was walking towards our table).... and man was it seriously massive. My jaw dropped and I instantly gained 5 lbs after it was placed on our table.Let's just say that It was a different taste of Chicken and a different taste of Waffle.The chicken is deep fried and breaded but with a hint of herb. It lingered in aroma that at one point; i thought i was eating a grilled chicken breast. Ha! Not.The Bacon Waffle completely took me over the edge.They weren't little bits of bacon okay. There were huge pieces of bacon embedded in that waffle. The plate came with two JUMBO pieces of chicken; and 4 jumbo pieces of waffle. TOTALLY SHAREABLE.Cory got the SAGE CHICKEN BENEDICT.... Oh dear lord.. that hollandaise that covered the whole plate? it looked like it was whisked into butter submission goodness perfection.Rich.Good.. Yummy.. Fried Chicken yummy.. give it to me. I personally liked his better than mine. And once again.. TOTALLY SHAREABLE.Highly Recommend to those seeking comfort food that can compensate bad hangovers.I gave this 3 stars because I wasn't sure if i liked the taste of the food itself; or if i was just overwhelmed with their extraordinary way of plating. I mean.. my two chickens were atop each other on a stack of waffles secured with a huge steak knife.I'd have to give this another shot again and try simpler items on the menu to break down their food artistry and concentrate on their flavors.Both our orders plus a little banana Latte was close to $50.00++. So... it could get pricey for two people..
4	Pretty Good! wasn't "wowed" by the overall taste probably because of all the hype, but this place is legit! huge portions, fresh food! great place... a must in Vegas!
4	Hands down was one of the best chicken and waffle we ever had. A friend of ours recommended it to us and she forgot to mention that the serving was huge haha. I felt very disappointed with their shrimp appetizer. Way too over pricey. I believe it was 9.99 for 3 pieces of shrimp on a stick. Good selection of drinks and dessert tho.
3	The food is a lot more beautiful than it actually tastes. I was sucked in by the succulent pictures. But the food was really just meh. Not bad price. Definitely large portion. But I think this place and the rest in this chain are over-hyped. If you're hungry though and want a big display of food, come here.
5	This place serves pretty good food. Be prepared to wait a while for table. Unless you're a platinum total rewards member like myself. You can then skip to the front of the line. I was in Vegas for about 4 days and I came here 2 days in a row for brunch. There fried chicken is so moist and delicious. I also really enjoyed there pancakes. They are huge!!! Staff here are super friendly. Food does take a while to come out but I was prepared for that already after I read that at the bottom if the menu.
3	Its only saving grace - that it's 24 hours.
5	There is nothing bad i can say about this place. The amount of food is incredible the quality is great and the twist on the classics are terrific. I had the man vs food sage chicken benedict. Friends had the chicken and waffle and the stuffed burger. Everyone enjoyed. If your not a big eater find someone you can share the dish with. Or you will be taking home food.
1	So, the service was AWESOME except....They didn't offer me a brunch menu, so I had no idea I could have gotten delicious breakfast food this evening. The food, not so awesome. At all. I ordered a cobb salad with cucumber ranch dressing. It was huge, but not so flavorful. I kept looking for salty bacon and distinct red onion, and somehow, it was just bland. The tomatoes were good. *shrug*The homemade biscuit was dense and insanely dry. Like, reminding us that we're in the middle of the desert and I'm desperately grasping the glass of water before my dried out throat shuts down on me.I wrapped most of the salad up to go (not that death biscuit) because it's HUGE as the menu suggests, and took a slice of cheesecake to go, too. That was also enormous, and freaking flavorless. Well, not completely lacking flavor... It... It tastes like cream cheese brulee. Yeah. Almost burnt cream cheese. Not a hint of vanilla or sugar. Like maybe the cook got distracted and forgot that they didn't put anything but cream cheese and butter in it? I seriously would be better off getting a bagel and spreading this on it. Worst cheesecake I've ever tasted. I'm absolutely heart-broken.
5	My girlfriend and I decided to try this place for the first time. We decided to split the chicken and waffles plate since the portions are soo large and let me tell you the. Chicken was sooo tender and the bacon waffles were so tasty too.There was lots of people waiting to get seated but it went really fast and the service was quick and friendly.We also tried the watermelon lemonade and its was very tasty and not too sweet!I highly recommend this place and cant wait to go back.
5	Try the brown sugar banana pancakes they are awesome I loved this place amazingly large portions!
3	Yuuuukkkkkkk. Just yuk. Who wants pancakes bigger than your head? Nope, not me. Who wants drunk people at literally every single table. Nope, not a chance. We sat down at 7am when it was still a little quiet. And the only redeeming experience was Bri, the server, who was very polite. Around 730, this idiot guest came in and started talking to all the people around us, including shouting, "what's up, fatty?!?" to this guy who had just sat down. The reason its getting 3 stars is because the TASTE of the food wasn't bad and the server was nice. But, Never Again.
5	I will start this off with the fact that I am not a fan of breakfast...and I LOVED this place for breakfast. The portions are humongous, the food is tasty beyond belief, and the staff is so friendly. The whole place has such a good vibe to it. I ordered the quesadilla which had eggs, mashed potatoes, cheese, jalapenos, nacho cheese sauce, and a bunch of other stuff that I couldn't even recognize but it tasted so good. I couldn't finish it all, which makes sense since I believe the restaurant was featured on Man vs Food. Go there expecting to wait at least 15 minutes because it is so popular. The short wait is totally worth it. While waiting, check out all the celebrities who have signed pictures for the restaurant or take a look at the menu on the wall, or even dare I say walk around the restaurant and take a gander at what everyone is eating so you can start salivating.
5	First timer in Vegas and everyone raved about this place. Amazing food, friendly staff. Our waiter Toby was phenomenal!!! I'd recommend this place to everyone and I will definitely be back.
5	I know its gluttonous, but I love it!!  Every trip to Vegas includes a FAT meal at Hash House!  the first tome at this location, I found for a Saturday morning the wait was less, I'm sure its because the place gigantic, and locals aren't going to come to the strip if try can help it.
1	Oh the hype! The many celebrity endorsement pictures on the walls ! And then Oh The Fall :(.   I have never before had such dry and overcooked food! Really?! I mean, how could they release that plate of food to the table? I ordered the "Salmon Scramble" (the Salmon hash dish) & my Son ordered the "Chicken scramble".  BOTH dishes were dry, dry, dry and the potatoes were so overcooked they were almost black. Soooo disappointing! Food was also underseasoned. Our server was a nice fellow, transplanted from the east coast. I will not be returning to Hash House a Go Go.   A waste of a LOT of money.
3	We had a party of 9 and rolled in about 4:30am. The waiter was okay, we all wanted coffee so he brought out 2 fresh pots for the table. I ordered the most simple thing on the menu: 2 egg breakfast w/biscuit, fruit and potatoes. The rest of the group split their large portion specialties like chicken and waffles, steak and eggs, and a double cheese burger - these portions are worthy of sharing and everyone was having a blast with the portions and presentation. for me: my eggs were ON POINT and the biscuit is up there with the best. My one food complaint: the potatoes on the other hand: dry and flavorless. I was bummed about this and took a star and a half for that. The waiter was just okay - another half star down. THe prices were good considering the large portions. Will def return to this and other HHGG locations - and next time I will  try a gastro meal like my group had.
5	Love this place! I always get the famous man versus food and chicken and waffle! The portions are huge! Great price.
4	First of all, THANK YOU to the person on here who gave the tip about sitting at the bar. We didn't have to wait at all so that as great! We enjoyed our breakfasts, I had eggs, bacon and a huge pancake, hubby had an enormous ham and cheese omelet. The only bummer was that they were out of the tea I wanted so I ordered coffee then found out they don't have non-dairy creamer, boo, what about lactose intolerant people? It was pricey ($40 for 2 of us for breakfast) but I would go back.
5	Buttermilk biscuits are worth the trip
1	If a place can get by from being on a Food Network show alone, this is it. The signature chicken blows. Why? Because rosemary doesn't pair well with chicken. And it needs to be crispy, not soggy. Same goes for the "crispy" potatoes; soggsville. The bacon was as limp as Don Rickles's dick. Not sure what would have happened if asked for crispy. Also, way overpriced. $3 for a cup of coffee that tastes like it was filtered through the tighty whiteys you wore on the plane to Vegas? No thanks. Finally, they couldn't even manage to get the dishes out together for a party of two. Come on; that's just lazy.
5	If you're not the breakfast buffet type, you MUST come here. It's life-changing. And it's always open, so stuff yourself whenever the mood strikes.I came with my boyfriend right before the breakfast rush, and we are so thankful we beat the crowd. Among the people who approve of this place: Dr. Phil and Jon Taffer.I got what sounded like the perfect vegetarian hash: sundried tomatoes, artichoke hearts, eggs and a biscuit. My BF got a quesadilla. Now, when we first ordered we had a little moment of "oh god, how much is this going to cost us?" And THEN we saw the portions. They are phenomenal. They could easily feed 2 people. Or easily nurse a hangover.Our food arrived pretty fast...and it was hash house HEAVEN. My picky eating partner said it was his favorite thing he's ever eaten, and I was blown away by my fabulous meal. Considering the size and the flavor, the prices were just right.As a bonus - the drinks are cool! Get a boozy coffee concoction or a beer in a brown bag (lol).You simply can't go one more Vegas breakfast without coming here.
4	Hash House A Go Go is always jam packed but don't let this deter you!  The restaurant is quite large so even though you see tons of folks waiting it's usually about a 20-30 minute wait (at least from what I experienced around lunch time).Food: PORTION SIZES ARE HUGEEEEE. You should probably order a few things and split it with a group.  I tried scrambled eggs with smoked salmon and brie cheese and it was delicious!!! I also had their waffles which were okay but nothing to write home about.  I tried the watermelon kiwi lemonade drink and that was delicious but might be considered too sweet and syrupy for a few folks. BTW their bloody mary is delicious, didn't try the BLT version but that's on my to-do list.I saw quite a few orders of the chicken & waffles..I guess that's the popular dish around here.Decor: industrial + farmService: good nothing to complain about.Price - Affordable especially for all the food you're getting. Would I go back? - heck yes. I want to try their smores hot chocolate!!
5	You HAVE to go to this restaurant.  I first heard about it from some friends who had made reservations for all of us for breakfast.  I said "reservations, for breakfast??" Well, it is such a popular place, even on a Thursday morning, that you had better make those reservations!   Good food, lots-o-food, and good times to be had.  Service a little slow, but the place was packed, so I understood.Wild name for a restaurant, too!
5	Took a cab form the Cosmo over to The Quad. First things first - The Quad has been renovated, but still has a long way to go. That said, Hash House is fantastic. We arrived around 10am and the place was packed. We ended up waiting about 30 minutes to eat.In the end, it was well worth the wait. I opted for the veggie hash. It included sun dried tomatoes, potatoes, artichoke hearts and mushrooms. It was huge. Far more than I could eat. I did not order them, but tons of people got pancakes. They looked out of sights.N*joy...
2	Was super crowded.  HUGE portions, too much.  Salad overloaded with dressing. Sage fried chicken not so flavorful .
2	The food was so so. They are known for their very large portions. So I just got the tenderloin pork Benedict. I was sharing it and still had almost half of it to finish. It reminded me of a pork Katsu just with gravy, eggs, spinach, tomatoes, and a biscuit. I would probably go here again if I was really hungry. Other than that they staff was nice. Although I had to wait 25 minutes to get in. When I got in they told me it would take another 45 minutes for the food to be ready. I am willing to wait for good food but this is not a place I would wait for again.
4	We liked HH so much we went twice for breakfast and we were only there for two days.  Both times we got there around 10:30, and had less than a half hour wait for a table.  Neither time did we have someone telling us it would take half an hour for food once we ordered.Of course we had to have the chicken and waffles.  For us, the star of the dish was the waffle - not too sweet, and being extra decadent with bits of bacon in the waffle mix.  It was great!  The chicken was good as well, but could have stood some more flavouring in the batter.  The chicken was nice and crispy, and I ordered the sauce on the side - for those of you who complained about the chicken being soggy, I'm guessing that might solve this issue.  I liked having the sauce on the side so I could dip as needed.Other dishes we had was the farm scramble (so good, and love the biscuit) and the BBBLT (they are very serious about the back on this.  Pricing was great for the Strip, and I've already told many others about this place.
5	What a nice surprise.  We were up early and ran into this place walking through the Quad.  Only expected basic diner food since we have never head of this place.  Was I wrong.   This place was incredible.  Best breakfast I've ever had in Vegas.  Highly recommended.  Everything we had was great and every plate coming out of the kitchen looked delicious.
4	I'd like to start out by stating I was fairly hung over the day we went to Hash House A Go Go. After a long hard night for my liver, I had to suffer the traditional morning hangover which ended up stretching into the afternoon (at which time we finally began our quest for food to rid this ailment). And even though the hangover symptoms had started to abate by noon, they were still present and included head ache, nausea, and disdain for flashy lights and loud noises. That being said, we  walked in the blaring heat on the strip, navigate through a loud casino, and wait almost an hour to be seated and place an order.I only complain about the situation I was in so that you can realize how good the food must have been to get me to stop my bitching and give this place 4 stars. The corned beef sandwich was garnished with rosemary, and the bread was buttered and toasted to perfection. The cheese to meat ratio was spot on as it enhanced the flavor without overpowering it. And the meat. So succulent and savory, my taste-buds went into overdrive trying to keep up. The portions were well aligned with the price as this is no Dennys or Ihop. The price may be around doubled, but so are the portions and the flavor is increased 3 fold. I could not even fathom finishing, even on an empty stomach with no hangover. This hearty meal was just what I needed and allowed me to recover my strength mentally, physically, and emotionally.All in all this was a great way to help with a hangover. The only flaws I saw which stopped me from giving the 5 was the long wait and rigorous route needed to find the place in the middle of the casino. I'll recommend this place for a decently, delightful devouring during daddy's drinking day recovery.
5	Love this place. Everything is amazing! If you're a foodie, you have to check out this place. Fun atmosphere and killer food.
4	The BLT Bloody Mary is a must have.  The food is great.  You get a lot for your money, and worth the wait.
2	Overhyped. Overhyped. Overhyped. The food doesn't taste good and it comes out in huge portions. A big plate of non yummy food. I feel like breakfast made at home taste way better than this. Save your money. Do it yourself. Mushroom burger - meat was kind of dry, big burger. Also pricey but not tasty. Whyyyyy. Basic - ham, over medium egg, crispy potatoes. This is a super basic dish and I picked this because everything else looked really intense and they still managed to serve me something that I can make better myself. Sage fried chicken - dried chicken, it also tasted kind of sweet. Gross. Original hash Benedict - loads of food but also meh. The bacon tasted like pork rinds. Banana pancake - this thing is huge! I would say this is the best tasting out of everything we ordered but they also forgot to put this in and it took forever to come out. We finished our food, paid for the bill, and waited an extra 15mins for this pancake. I won't be back.
3	The wait here is crazy... because it's Hash House in a casino on the Strip, so duh!  You can get a drink to liven up your wait a bit, though. The bloody mary is actually very good. And large... like everything else here. The portions are huge and sickeningly so.  It wouldn't surprise me if they adopted a policy of wheeling food out in a wheelbarrow -- it would fit the theme perfectly!  Every plate I saw cleared around us was still half full, as the TV was playing a commercial to help starving African kids.  It felt pretty indecent to be throwing away all this food just for some 'Murican farmhouse gimmick. The flavors were good, but everything just kind of gave me indigestion.  The Benedicts come with a biscuit instead of an English muffin. Everything's just a little overboard.  The smoked salmon Benedict isn't with lox how you would expect it to be, but salmon with smoke flavoring. It was still pretty good, but wasn't what I thought I was ordering.I think the gimmick wins over the actual experience.  When your food first appears in front of you, you're kind of star-struck and giddy.  But about 3 bites in, you realize you're just about done and there's no fridge in your hotel room.
4	HH reviewFirst recommendation do not get the pineapple juice mimosa. I love pineapple juice but these two were not meant to be mixed together. I ordered the BBQ chicken sandwich and DMD ordered the cheddar burger. Our waitress was adorable, and very attentive. Both our meals were very good, but the presentation of the waffles and chicken the table got next to us was spectacular. I was told they have one of these in Orlando, but if never heard if it. We were not disappointed
4	The food was absolutely amazing, and I loved all my food. Although it was a bit loud, it didn't take away from the food. My waffle was very fluffy and not as heavy as usual american breakfast food. I also had a side of fruit which was very refreshing. Definitely recommend!
3	There was no wait but we did go in at 11pm. We owed the Sage Chicken and Waffles to share and we still didn't finish it as it was enormous as other yelpes have stated regarding their portion size. In sure it could have easily fed 2 adults and 2 small children or 3 adults and still be filling.  The price was decent concidering the actual size of the meal but that's pretty much all your paying for as the services was just okay. The presentation of the meal was great and almost floored me when it came out because of how much food was on the plate. The chicken was good if you like A LOT of batter. I felt it needed a little something for me to make it stand out a bit more but all in all not bad.  The four heavy waffles included in the meal had bacon slices cooked in it which was nice but really if I didn't see it while eating it, I wouldn't have even noticed it was there since the waffle itself over powered it in flavor.
4	HHAGG.. you win this one.. but only because of chicken and waffles... short story long:Walked in and was greeted, took 20 minutes to seat us.. (for 2) and it was packed.. Ordered 2 bloody Marys (BLT style) and biscuits and gravy, extra Bacon,  and my chicken and waffles. The waiter who took the order asked if we wanted crispy potatoes, we said yes. Asked how we wanted the eggs, we said over easy.. comes back, and says he put in over medium.. So he fixed it to over easy.. then put came the drinks, the bloody Marys were amazing! Best bloody Mary I've had! The food came out and the potatoes were not crispy... they were mashed... we just decided to go with it.. but my chicken. and waffles, AMAZING!!! :) so amazing and so portion friendly that I had enough for dinner and breakfast the next day! :)
3	The food is absolutely amazing. The wait however is not. It took an hour to get three of us seated. I ordered the man vs. food item (chicken Benedict) and it was delicious. The food is so good it makes you almost forget about the terrible wait.
4	Great service, large portions, served fast, pretty good taste !! I ordered the blueberry pecan pancakes and tried the french toast too!! One of the diners and dives places and not very pricey!! Great way to start the day after a night in las vegas. All types of people come here to eat including celebs.
5	I've been wanting to try HHAGG for the longest time & on my last Vegas trip I finally gave in! And I'm glad I went to try it. Though it's given that any place you go at the strip is crowded specially if it's a popular restaurant, so expect that there will be a wait time when you go. If you don't want to wait for 30mins-hour try to go to the HHAGG off the strip. But I'm telling you, wait or no wait it's worth it!!!First off, the portions are HUGE!!! One plate can definitely be split into two or three if you have small appetite. You'll definitely leave with a full stomach after you're done. Their food is very flavorful. The most popular food on the menu are their Sage Chicken & Waffle and the Sage chicken eggs Benedict which was featured at the show Man vs. Food. Both were amazing! But since I'm not into spicy food & the sage chicken Benedict is more on the spicy side I like The sage chicken & waffles more. It was bomb!!!! Their waffles have bacon inside & the chicken was really good. It has a different sweet but savory flavor to it. You have to try it!!!
4	This place is open 24/7! So convenient for us when we were staying at The Quad! Now, I've lived in San Diego for 4 years & I've tried to place & never understood the hype. Yes, huge portions, but mediocre taste.However, when I tried this place again, I was mindblown by the fried chicken benedict. The infusions of flavor was incredible & not what I was expecting. There's also mashed potatoes underneath it, that are very flavorful! GET THIS!
4	This place is great! We came here on a Thursday morning around 11am and had a 15 min wait not too bad. Our server was great very friendly and offered good suggestions on what to order. I had the ham, cheddar, spinach scramble with mashed potatos and it was bomb! The biscuits were my favorite part sooooo fluffy. The only negative was waiting for the actual order it took a long time for breakfast about 30min. But they were pretty packed. We will be back again the next time we are back in Vegas.
4	Before leaving to Vegas, my coworker insisted that I should eat at Hash House. We have one in Califonria, but she said that Vegas is a lot better. Well, since my coworker is so in love with this particular location, I had to try it out. My group of friends and I came on a busy summer Saturday morning around 11am. The hostess told us the wait would be about an hour or more. Go figure....because when we walked up the stairs (yes it is located upstairs of Harris Casino), we can see a large crowd of people, either standing or sitting. The waiting area is small and stuffy and full of hungover club-goers from the night before. We waited for about 30 minutes and we were tired of waiting. So we asked the girl who took down my number if we can order something to go and she said yes and told us to order it with the bartender. So my boyfriend and I walked over to the bartender and tried to get our orders in, but no one acknowledged us....We were literally flagging down the bartenders and the waiters but they just ignored it. I understand that this place gets packed and busy, but please dayummmn rude.  About 20 minutes in, we were finally asked "How can I help you?" At that time, our name was called and we ended up dining in.We ended up ordering 2 items:1. Sage-Fried Chicken Benedict, which comes with layers of ooey-gooey goodness! The infamous Sage-Fried Chicken, fresh spinach, scrambled eggs, hardwood smoked bacon, tomatoes, and grilled mozzarella are served on a bed of grilled mashed potatoes and fresh split biscuit, and lastly they top it with their homemade chipotle cream sauce!! This portion can feed up to 3 hungry people. For something that cost around $13-20 and that is shared with 2-3 adults, it's worth it! The plate came out pretty messy, but it tasted amazing. The chicken was crispy and juicy, and eggs and bacon can never go wrong together. I finished a little portion and had the worst food coma I've had in a while. 2. Of course we ordered the Chicken and Waffles.  The waffles were thick and fluffy and also stuffed with bacon inside! Major plus for the bacon eaters! The chicken was surrounded with leek and a stick of sage that was pierced into the chicken. The fried chicken was delicious, perfectly made and so moist. It wasn't all greasy like the chicken you would get from Popeyes or KFCEverything was so delicious, and none of us finished out plates. There were 6 of us by the way. I will definitely come back, at an odd hour like 5am to avoid the wait. I hope the staffs can help us faster next time.. Its worth checking out if you take it for what its worth.
2	We were disappointed overall. The salads were good however the hash was not at all. Sad since this is their namesake we expected it would at least be good but that wasn't the case. Would not recommend & prices are inflated for what you get.
5	We only had a 10 minute wait.  From all the reviews I was worried,  so glad it was quick.  The portions are ridiculous.... In a good way.  Huge,  way too much for most but I loved it.  I got the corned beef hash since it's a "Hash House"  bomb! My wife got the chicken and waffles, huge huge portion and tasted great! I will definitely come back. Thanks!
4	If you are really really hungry I would suggest eating here. They have lots to choose from and their serving portions are HUUGE! Which is not that bad for their menu pricing. The only thing is that they are always crowded especially in the morning on the weekends. I've only eaten here twice and had to wait a while to be seated each time. So expect a line if you don't get there before they open. The unfortunate thing is that you can't make reservations and cell phone reception is terrible so if you're trying to get a hold of people who are meeting with you there do it before entering. Other than that their food is good. So far I've tried their mushroom Swiss burger and their banana nut french toast which was delish!
3	Had breakfast and dinner here. Service friendly. Restaurant clean. BREAKFAST- Of course I had to have the Corned Beef Hash. It was not that good, surprisingly. It was dry.DINNER- I had heard that the Hamburgers are good here. So I tried it... it was excellent. I started with a salad that only comes with cucumber dressing. It was very good. I ordered the Hamburger with a single patty, because I knew of the huge portions. Near perfect, quality beef, fresh baked buns, extra crispy fries.
4	My first time here. This is for the one at The Quad hotel next to Harrah's on the Strip. Ummm...I liked it. A lot. My wife, daughter and I had brunch here on Saturday afternoon. The food here is what they call "twisted farm food". It really is a good description of what they serve. It's high quality food that is creatively and well prepared.       The restaurant itself is busy and bustling 24 hours a day. Decorated in a farmhouse motif, the staff is constantly moving in and out of the kitchen delivering plates of very large portions of food.        Our server, Erik was friendly and accommodating. We perused the large and varied brunch menu while he brought our drinks. The menu has some really good sounding dishes. The signature dish here is the sage fried chicken tower. It consists of 2 large fried chicken breasts sitting on top of 3 homemade waffles. I saw a lot of people having it and it looks...really good. Maybe next time on that one.         We each chose one of the "scrambles". I had the smoked salmon scramble with mashed potatoes and a buttermilk biscuit. The scramble itself was good but not out of this world. Nothing I couldn't make in my own kitchen. The mashed potatoes were excellent. Probably the best Iv'e had. The biscuit is huge and has a hint of rosemary and also a large spring of rosemary sticking out of the top. It was excellent as well. My wife and daughter had basically the same thing except they had different ingredients in their scrambles and my wife had crispy potatoes instead of mashed. We all liked our dishes very much.         On this Saturday afternoon, this place looked like the place to go to cure a hangover. More than a few people looked like they were in pretty bad shape.       This location is the only one that is open 24/7/365.  I can definitely see putting Hash House A Go Go on our regular rotation. I can't wait to return to try the sage fried chicken or one of the Benedicts.        If you don't believe me, check out my kid's reveiw below..
4	Good food for great prices! I hate wasting food and being on vacation meant that 80% of the meal went to waste. I would suggest sharing if you can. Also - they said they only take reservations 24 hours in advance and this place gets craaazzzzy busy, especially on Sunday lateish morning.
5	Everything was AWSOME. I got the famous chicken and waffles with a Bloody Mary. I was so stuffed after half of this giant portion but I just couldn't stop eating and forced myself to keep going. Prices were reasonable compared to most places around. I will return and would recommend to anyone.
4	We sat down and were blessed with a great waiter.  This makes a huge difference in your dining experience!  The BLT Bloody Mary...yum!  While I don't pay the price for drinks in Vegas, this one is worth it.  It's the best Bloody Mary I've had.  The price is tolerable because of it's deliciousness and the glass you get to keep!It is hard to describe the size of plates and amount of food.  You definitely should/could share anything on the menu.  But if you're like us, we all wanted to try something a little different so we have snacks for tomorrow. Overall, we loved it.  The service, unique "twisted farm food", tasty sauces, and beautiful presentation have us wanting to eat here again!
5	Love this place!! If you are on a diet, don't come here. Large portions and great tasting food. The pancake was about the size of a hubcap... No joke !!
2	More is more at HHAGG. Unfortunately, this loud, windowless, and fluorescent lit eatery focuses on quantity over quality. Their potions are so ridiculously huge that guests photograph their plates before they dive in. What they soon discover is that most dishes lack much flavor  - IHOP's buttermilk pancakes for half the $8.99 price are a thousand times better. I'd guess that 33-50% of every dish gets thrown out.This restaurant also prides itself on being guest-unfriendly by refusing to substitute anything in their dishes. For example, if you don't eat pork and prefer their chicken sausage in your egg dish, they're more than happy to leave the pork out of the $13.99 dish, but they'll charge you an additional $5.99 to replace it with chicken sausage. WTF?If you like to think that big portions equal value, customer service is overrated, and bad lighting and noise make for a festive dining environment, then by all means join the others here who agree! For those who seek out quality ingredients and flavor for their money, the ability to order what you want without getting ripped off, and a pleasant setting to dine in, then Las Vegas offers many more choices.
3	This place has HUGE portions. Most dishes could be shared by 2 people. I ordered the House Favorite Scramble with salmon. It was pretty good. My friend didn't like hers at all. The waiter replaced it with crispy potatoes with no charge for the Scramble. My mimosa was warm. I was with a big party, but the waiter made us feel rushed. If I travel back to Vegas, I probably wouldn't go back unless I was extremely hungry.
3	First time: I was searching for breakfast. I tried to go HEALTHY but for some reason most places in Vegas don't do healthy. I got some type of egg white scramble with two types of veggies the serving was pretty small but loads of fresh fruits. The rest of the food on the Menu was massive. Great place.Overpriced for the little amount of food we had. Food had no seasoning.
4	Walked in and it was pretty busy but I came solo so I was seated at the bar right away. And my food came pretty fast as well. I ordered the chicken and waffles. It was fried to perfection and the waffles had bacon inside! Only reason why I did not give it 5 stars was because I was expecting more flavor from the chicken.They give you a nice size serving that can be eaten from at least 2 times.  I would recommend this place to anyone.
5	This place is delicious, however, it's actually a Mondo Burger that serves breakfast.
5	PORTIONS!! Wow. It's one thing to serve a lot but putting out awesome tasting food is a plus. I also love that the server tells us our plates might not come out together bc they don't use microwaves or heat lamps. Fresh is king when it comes to food! I ordered the Andy's Sage Fried Chicken, which was a big battered chicken breast w/maple reduction, bacon, bacon mashed potatoes, eggs, and a biscuit. Chicken was hot, juicy, and flavorful. The bacon mashed potatoes I wish I could order by the tub, they were so good! Sausage gravy I had on the side was good too, could have been a little better but it did have large sausage chunks which I liked. If I'm ever near a Hash House again I have to stop in.
5	First place I wanted to go to for breakfast when arriving to Las Vegas was hash house a go go. This was my very first time at this place. I would say that this is one of my top favorite places! They serve big portions that could be enough for two ppl. Their food is delicious!! I love it even more because they give you a side of fruit which all breakfast Places should have. You gotta try it out for yourself, it's so worth it.
5	Our first time and it won't be the last. Awesome Hash Browns and Meatloaf. Mary personally made a visit to our table to share her meatloaf receive. Thanks Mary!
5	Had a take out dinner then went back and dined in for breakfast.  It was so good; I would go again.  I didn't have an issue with the crowd because I called ahead for dinner and made a reservation for breakfast.The food was delicious, and the portions were HUGE!  One dish serves more than 2.  For dinner, we had the stuffed meatloaf - would get it without the cheese if I were to do it again - but the meatloaf and the gravy were yummy.  For breakfast, we had the pancake, and wow.  It was so tasty.The service was a little slow, but that is par for Vegas.  It was actually better than most restaurants.
4	Really good. Long wait but was expected. Food took almost 45 minutes but that was expected as well. Couldn't complain everything was great
5	Came here for breakfast one morning during a recent business trip.  Located in the Quad, it is a perfect location if you are staying at any of the center Strip resorts.  Seated at the bar with my friend, the bartender was attentive and very nice.  I ordered the Basic breakfast, which included scrambled eggs, bacon, potatoes, fruit, and a biscuit.  My friend ordered the bacon waffles.  We were both very pleased with our selections.  Hash House is traditionally known for their abundant portions, but in my case the Basic breakfast was just right.  The eggs were cooked perfectly, the bacon was no too crisp, and the potatoes were crunchy on the outside and flaky on the inside.  Best of all was the biscuit and fresh mashed strawberries.  Delicious!
5	SOOOOOO GOOD! I couldn't have asked for any better food! The s'mores mocha was amazing and delicious! We also ordered eggs, potatoes, French toast, and pancakes. Wow!!!All three of us were blown away and we have recommended this place over and over! Will absolutely go back!
4	Everything I have read about this place has been accurate. This popular restaurant boosts a farm fresh feel with creativity and excellent service. My wife and I had the smoked salmon hash and every bite indeed tasted fresh and made to order. You had to wait a bit longer but the wait is worth it. The serving sizes are very generous and you won't leave hungry or disappointed. Come early it fills up quick!
4	Went here late night (as in 5 in the morning). They didn't have their full menu at this time but you still get the feel that this place doesn't joke around with portions. This particular HHAGG is difficult to find but I will say that the employees here in this restaurant as well as the casino were EXTREMELY FRIENDLY. All in all, it's a safe place to go for a group of hungry people who are perhaps a bit intoxicated.
2	Less is more. I wish this place was better. I have been wanting to try HHAGG for a long time, but it never seems to work out. I finally made it on Tuesday morning and felt sick all day. It's carb overload. (thats hard for me to say because I LOVE carbs).The meal just started off on the wrong foot. I HATE spicy food, and I have a weak tolerance. I ordered the HH Original which is smoked bacon, fresh tomato, fresh spinach, roasted red pepper cream and two basted eggs. All this over the biscuits and then over a huge pile of mashed potatoes. Reading this on the menu, there is no spice - safe for me to eat. Not so fast... when the plate comes it is decorated in a red sauce (which I was falsely led to believe was red pepper cream) and took a nice big taste of it and turned out to be hot sauce. It sent my taste buds into a frenzy and I really wish they would just garnish the plate with the actual red pepper cream instead of adding the hot sauce to the plate. It really ruined my taste buds for the rest of the meal. Overall, just disappointed. Not worth all the fuss.
2	I was a little disappointed with Hash House a Go Go. The portions - yes, they are huge. But the food was just okay. I had the chicken and waffles and really, neither were spectacular. I guess the novelty is being able to get them (and a huge brunch menu) throughout the day. My friend had the pork sandwich, which was unexpectedly fried. Everything was warm and delivered quickly, but nothing seemed fantastic. It felt like the appeal is huge portions and fatty carbs (and I do love carbs), but the draw of large portions takes precedence over quality.
5	Man the food is so good here. Had the chicken and it was off the hook. Friends had the burger and BBBLT that was in their words killer. You must come hungry and bring friends to share because we could not finish even a half and it was so good we wanted to just keep eating
4	Whenever we're in Vegas we always stop by at Hash House for some brunch...obviously we never wake up in time for breakfast time...but if you go at this time brunch/lunch, prepare for a wait.  It is always packed.  I always get their chorizo hash.  My husband tried their famous chicken and waffles.  Both are yum and very very large portions.  Seriously, one entree can feed 3.  Definitely stop by if you're looking for a good breakfast spot that is not IHOP.
5	We've seen it in TV and couldn't wait to try it. So in June when we were in Vegas we didn't just go once. We had to go again before we left town. Damn the food was amazing. The place was clean and mice. The staff couldn't have been better. If we weren't half the country away we'd be back a lot more.
4	One of my favorite restaurants in Vegas. Very curious to try as we've seen this place in Man vs. Food (I'm a fan of the show). Their portion sizes are really huge! I was only disappointed with their shrimp appetizer, expected it to be plenty as I know their portions are enormous but got only 3 pieces in a huge plate.
1	We went to the Sahara location. Not what I expected! My order arrived 4 minutes after my husbands plate was served. My food was slightly warm, but I ate it anyway, since I had waited so long. There was supposed to be Brie cheese in my eggs, there wasn't anything. The mashed potatoes were good, but they were cold too.I was told a biscuit was on its way fresh out of the oven. I was half way done with my breakfast when it arrived & it was cold, so much for out of the oven!  The prices are high, considering the mistakes that were made, we will never go back. Especially since nothing was done about the mistakes.
5	Wow, they are serious about their breakfast here. Holy moly they serve them big and delicious. Got the sage fried chicken with waffles and it will forever haunt my foodie dreams. Soo good.
4	This place had great food, with huge portions-well, sort of. The waffle breakfast that my sister had came with a huge waffle (enough to feed two people), two eggs, and two strips of bacon. I didn't really see the use of a huge waffle unless you were eating five bites of waffle and then one bite of the egg and bacon. But that's just me, I like my food to be proportional with each other. The same thing with my pancake, two sausages (which was more generous than the two skinny pieces of bacon) and two eggs. I mean, who takes home half a huge waffle/pancake? Not worth the trouble..Needless to say, it went to waste. The food quality was excellent though. And our server was great, the place wasn't packed but we didn't wait too long for our food. Our server was friendly and the atmosphere was ok at best. The tabletop was sticky and it didn't feel very clean. Also, it is located in the quad, which had a terrible parking layout and most of the elevators were broken and the overall atmosphere was dingy. The quad itself felt tacky and kind of dirty to be honest. I liked the syrup and whipped butter was awesome!
3	Visited HHAGG ago go for the first time on 5/5/14. The reviews on Yelp were numerous, and everyone seemed to love this place. Although we didn't go at a typical busy dinner time (I believe it was around 4:30), it was still a 45 minute wait to get in. Claims of the huge portion sizes were not off base. We saw many huge plates filled with food go by as we were sitting there waiting to order. What was obvious early on were the trees growing out of each of the big plates food. These are apparently big sprigs of sage, so if you're not fond of sage, ask them to hold it.I had the grilled portobello sandwich, substitute the goat cheese for cheddar. Watching all these big plates of food go by, I was anticipating a large portobello grilled mushroom cap with the toppings dripping off of it, but this is not what I got. It was a puny mushroom cap on a typical grocery store 8-pack type burger roll and they put the goat cheese on it anyway and didn't add the cheddar. The Waitress was very nice and offered to bring it back and make a new one, but we had already waited too long and my husband's food was ready to eat. He had a burger that was very good, but to be honest I don't remember what kind it was. My mushroom was dry and I had to add mayo to moisten it up (not something I would typically do), it was ok - nothing I would order again though.
5	They aim to wow and they do. Went there with the family for breakfast, and it couldn't be bettered. Not your usual diner fare, although you could have that if you want. Huge portions so go hungry or share. Before checkout times the wait is only a few minutes. As we were leaving, after checkout times, wait time was an hour. Be warned!
5	Brunch to the MAX ... don't miss this place if you are coming to Vegas. We had a wonderful brunch here in July 2014. Everything was fresh from the kitchen and our server Brie was fantastic. She definitely went above and beyond and kept the peach jam flowing at our table. Our party of 5 enjoyed a House Hash - tossed with crispy potatoes & topped w/ 2 eggs, served with fruit and biscuit, Farm Scrambles and crispy cornmeal salmon sandwich with chili mayo, red leaf & tomato on a wheat bun. Food was amazing and the service second to none. Even though there was a wait it was totally worth it. Funny - we ate at another very well known restaurant for breakfast and the prices were the same but this food was over the top.
4	Wait was long but I expected it would be since it's always packed. Takes a long time to get food but they make it from scratch. Chicken and waffles were good.
5	It was our last meal of our LV vacation, and we decided we'd do brunch here. I saw the Man v. Food episode and was determined to try the Sage Chicken Benedict!It was a little confusing finding the restaurant.  The Quad is on the strip, but the parking was a little sketchy and once in the casino we had to ask someone where the restaurant was. We were told the wait was 25 minutes, but was seated in less than 10. My husband and I shared the Sage Chicken Benedict and the French Toast...MMMMMMM!!! It was a great combo. It was a TON of food, but we justified it by making it brunch and knew we wouldn't have another meal until very late that night. The chicken is tender, the potatoes were delish (my husband loved them), and the chipotle sauce was the perfect topper. The french toast was the best I ever had - perfectly done with pecans and grilled bananas...great combination. I didn't even need maple syrup. Our waiter, Scotty, was very friendly and helpful, as was the other waiters I observed. I recommend Hash House a Go Go and suggest sharing a couple dishes. If you have a busy day planned, this is a great place to fuel up. And the coffee is great, too...not that see-thru, flavorless, tea-like stuff!
3	The original one in San Diego is way better than the one in the quad.   The food wasn't very good at this one especially, the pancake I had and the eggs were over cooked.  Tried something different had the tractor plate thing and I will not have that, again that, is for sure.  This place is dirty compared to other ones and the staff is rude.
4	The waffles have bacon in them.Did you read that? THE WAFFLES. HAVE. BACON IN THEM. What the crap?!This place was so very delicious and absolutely worth the wait. A must try at least ONCE whenever you got Vegas. The portions are huge and that is an understatement. I would recommend sharing a meal with a friend.I got the Sage Fried Chicken Benedicts and a friend got the Sage Fried Chicken and Waffles...heaven.
3	Lots of food-think about sharing.  Food is good depending on the item.Egg dishes have always been good.Chicken and Waffles - excellentOatmeal.  Not so good.   The oatmeal came with unripe bitter hard green fruit.  Not just one piece, but all of the varieties.  Ordering issue.   If you don't have ripe fruit, just tell me and/or don't serve it.Drinks are good.Pancakes-many varieties - excellent pot hole sized.Service is slow, but friendly and the wait time is really really really long.   last time I was told the wait would be 1 hr, but 1.5 hours later we were almost ready to be seated.  Not worth the time for me.  I only went this last time because friends wanted to go.
2	Surprisingly below average. First expect a pretty long wait to get your table of corse because it is in Vegas. Second my wait for the food was around 45 minutes witch was annoying but in my mind this was gonna be the best breakfast ever so It was worth the wait for me. When the food came out I was ready baby!!! AND THE FIRST BITE.....hmm not that good. I got the grilled French toast and a side of biscuits and gravy. I get biscuits everywhere I go just to try everyone's and find the best. This place was not good at all very stale biscuits and cold gravy. Let's move to the French toast, I understand it's grilled however burned should have been the word it overpowered the taste so it did not have much flavor and they give you a tiny little maple syrup to cover 3 HUGE pieces of French toast. Only come here if you are already drunk, I think it would be pretty good then but so is Waffle House. Friendly staff though
5	Amazing! you must experience the hash house at least once in your life. Went to vegas this weeked, i told my BF about this place and we ended up going twice because it was such a hit.
5	Came here with a group of us for work based on a recommendation from another co-worker.  We were not disappointed!  Portion sizes were MASSIVE!  Presentation was great!  Taste was on par!  The prices were really great too...which was a welcome surprise on the Vegas Strip!  We got a tower of Fried Green Tomatoes to share - it was presented over a watermelon in a way I'd never seen before, and obviously fabulous.  The server brought us some biscuits and honey which were warm, fresh and delicious.  I got a burger and it was great.  One of our party got the Fried Chicken - everybody around us ordered it as well, he said it was wonderful.  Everybody left happy, full and with leftovers.  If you're looking for a hearty meal on the cheap definitely come here!
5	Definitely my favorite breakfast place to eat on the strip. I've been eating here for the last 6 years or so before when the Quad was the Imperial Palace. The staff from my experience is always on point. Not only does my server check on me, but so do busboys and managers. Service is always a plus here from experience. I have eaten everything on the menu from the breakfast side already and can't tell you a bad one. This place is known traditionally for their hash and eggs dishes with the side of fluffy big pancakes. The highlights here for me are the steak and eggs with the cheese cooked inside the steak, the breakfast cheese quesadilla. the fried chicken and waffles with the bacon cooked inside the waffle itself and of course the signature Andy's Sage Fried Chicken Benedict (Man vs. Food). All the food is flavorful because this place puts it's own twist to each dish. The portions are epic, definitely come here early eat, and take home your leftover for lunch. The official dishes here average between $15-$22 dollars for basically 2 meals of your day.  Located centrally on the strip. A definitely can't go wrong spot for epic breakfast.
1	They refused service due to my pregnancy?!!I must say I'm really quite sad to write this review as this was once one of my favorite spots on the strip, but I will not be returning.I was visiting Vegas along with a group of 6 people.  I'm currently 10 weeks pregnant with twins, so while they decided to walk to the restaurant, I hopped a cab because I wasn't feeling too well and was in a hurry to get some food in my stomach.  I figured I'd arrive 15 mins early and be able to get a table and get my food order in immediately. Once I arrived, the place was dead (it was about 9:30 pm), so I asked to be seated at a table for 6.  The hostess informed me that she was unable to seat me without the remainder of my party.  I was quite surprised as the majority of the tables were empty.  I explained that I am pregnant and experiencing morning sickness which worsens as I get hungry, could they please make an exception and seat me.  No, nothing she could do.   At this time, I started dry heaving.  Now there is not a bathroom in this place, you have to go down and through the casino in order to find one, so I grabbed the garbage can from the hostess station and sat down.  I asked the hostess if I could at least get a sprite right now to calm my stomach?  She pointed to the bar and said, yeah, go ahead.   I was shocked that with NOTHING TO DO, she didn't even offer to go and retrieve it for me!!!   I rushed back to the bar and ordered my sprite (which they made me pay for at that time, instead of just tacking it onto my dinner bill - kind of unussual...) and sat back down to continue heaving.  As the dry heaving continued, I asked the hostess if I could put a food order in from the lobby.   No, not until you're seated (but of course they wouldn't seat me).  When the dry heaving continued, I asked her to bring me out a biscuit (they give these out for free with dinner)  which thankfully, she did and I was able to wolf that down and my stomach started to settle.    Shortly after that, my party arrived.  They alerted the hostess, who then spent another 10 minutes readying the table (seriously?!)  and finally sat us.   I immediately ordered some food and asked the waiter to rush it.  While the rest of the group looked over the menu.   While we waited, I began to feel sick again.  I went over and grabbed a small trash can and brought it under our table, just in case because the distance to the bathroom was quite far.   A minute or so after sitting back down, the manager, Shawn, walks up to the table "I'm sympathetic to your situation, but I can't have this here"   I assumed he meant the trash can, so I said "Ok, maybe you could bring me a bowl just in case?"   "No Ma'am, I mean YOU; you need to leave.  I just can't have you in my restaurant, it's disturbing to other patrons"  My jaw completely dropped - for one thing, there was no one else around us!   For another, I hadn't actually thrown up a single time and hadn't even gagged while seated at the table!!  I was completely confused - "the rest of your party is welcome to stay, but I'm going to have to have to ask you to leave"   At this point I felt terrible and burst in to tears begging him to "please just pack up my food, I need to eat before I faint!  I need to eat!  Please!"  At first he refused, but I think as the tears were flowing, he started to get a little embarrassed.  He went back into the kitchen and brought back a small plate of corned beef, dropped it at the table and then rushed away.   As I wolfed down my food between tears, the waiter returned and we asked him to send over another manager as we were pretty horrified with the treatment.    A female manager returned.  She did not apologize for the behavior or the other manager, but did say "if you'd like to stay, you can stay"  But honestly at this point, we weren't willing to patronize the place anymore.  So she brings back the BILL.   "you expect me to PAY for this after the way I was treated?!"   "well Ma'am, you DID eat it"   I should have walked out, but I was very upset and just handed her my credit card - $10 for by biscuit, soda, and a handful of corned beef.    We made a complaint to the hotel manager (The Quad) and although she was very nice and understanding, she stated that they did not have an affiliation with the restaurant and there really was nothing that she could do about how they ran their business.  Sadly, I won't ever be returning.  The lack of any empathy from the staff is ridiculous.  With so many wonderful places on the strip and every other experience this trip great customer service, this place won't ever make the cut again.
5	My God this place is ....I don't have word I am a Mexican American and my grandmother was the only one that can quench my pallet with flavors of my ancestors and this place is as close as a restaurant can get ...
3	I have been to the San Diego location and was excited for the rest of my party to experience it. We waited 45 mins which wasn't bad but before we even got the food we waited a total of 2 hours. I'm sorry but that should be something told to people about the additional wait time for food. We even all knew exactly what we wanted when we sat down. It made the fun experience annoying and boring and way to long. I didn't even care about the good once we got it. I will not be returning to this location.
5	Awesome place to eat, I warn you ... you have to go on an empty stomach, the portions are huge
5	Just a great experience all around.  I had the sage chicken and waffles.  It was divine.
5	Food is amazing and they give alot!  Very crowded had to wait over and hour but worth the wait.  This was on the food network thats why we check them out...  I have told friends when they go to vegas to check it out and everyone that did.. said thanks that place was awesome...  you wont be disappointed..  As busy as they are the food was terrific worth the wait!
5	This place is pretty damn awesome! We came here on the weekend and it was so busy. Weekdays seem more calm. I recommend the sage chicken and waffles. Delicious and the waffles have bacon in them! Our server Bree (sorry if that's spelled wrong) today was knowledgeable of the menu and had a great vibe. I would definitely recommend this place.
5	After such a horrible experience at Serendipity, me and my two friends stormed out of there and walked across the street to Hash House A Go Go. I'm really glad we found this place! Don't let the line intimidate you.. as soon as we walked up the escalator, there was a very large crowd. I walked up to the hostess in which she informed me it would be about a 30 minute wait, which was NOT BAD AT ALL compared to other great restaurants in Vegas. Unfortunately, they don't offer pagers or take your number down to text you and let you know your table is available. But we managed to go downstairs for some quick gambling and came back in 25 minutes to check up in our table. Not too long after, we were seated! Very prompt on timing!After we sat down, our waitress came immediately and took our drink orders. When she returned, she had her pen ready to take our order and answer questions. She was able to give us great recommendations. The location was very busy so I expected a long wait time for our food.. WRONG! It came within 15 minutes and it was beyond what we expected. Definitely love the food and concept of it all. But what really got me to leave this review is the service. I was very shocked at how on point they are. Our waitress consistently came back and made sure we were good. My friend mentioned to me to ask our waitress for some jam and the waitress must have overheard because she brought it to us without even having to ask! BONUS. I wish there were more stars I can offer because she really did an amazing job and I would definitely recommend this place to everyone. Food was definitely cheap and affordable and comes in HUGE portions.. so make sure to come hungry or with a friend to share!
3	Warning: Portions here are humongous! I ordered a Sage Fried Chicken Linguine to share with two other drunken people and that was way more than enough food for all three of us. The mushroom cream was ok. Wasn't too overwhelming but it wasn't the best either. There was a good amount of it which came in handy when we tasted the sage fried chicken. The sage fried chicken wasn't hot to temperature and it was also super duper dry. I only ate a few bites of it and I had to dip it in the sauce with my pasta to be able to enjoy. I did like the crispy green beans that were in the pasta. Our waiter was very difficult to find. Find to place the order, find to get a water refill, find to ask where the restroom is at, and to find to get the check. The place is pretty big but wasn't very crowded that night so I don't know how that works. (Bathrooms our outside by Fat Tuesdays)What we thought would be a quick bite ended up being pretty long. Service is slow, food is ok. Decent place to go for diner food and large portions to share with a lot of people.
4	The portions are HUGE the chicken and waffles where great... I wouldn't say amazing but great and huge. The chicken Benedict with the chipotle sauce was un-inspiring, HUGE but just ok. The banana carmel pancake might have been the best pancake I have ever had and brought my rating up one star.
2	What happened to Hash House? I feel like this location butchered the image of Hash house for me. I had gone to the one in San Diego, CA and it was so delicious. Ahh!Anyway, my husband and I came here last year, and it was his first time. After my raving, I know he felt let down by the quality, or lack there-of.My omelette and biscuits were so BLAND and my husband's dish (forgot which one it was) was not tasty at all either. Even adding hot sauce didn't suffice. Won't be back!
1	Just an Overrated breakfast spot in Vegas.They seem to focus more on presentation than flavor. The portions are big but the flavors are way off. Positive:*The presentation looked great.*Big portions for the price.Negative: The taste *There was nothing special about the waffles even with the bacon inside. Just Tasted bland.*The chicken breast had no flavor. Seemed like they focused on the crust and forgot to season the chicken.  *The scrambled eggs tasted funny. How do you mess up on scramble eggs?  The eggs Tasted very generic...it's  like they added some type of filling to make it seem more. Me and my friend both looked at each other with disappointment after tasting it.I should have Go Go gadget my ass out of there when I had the chance!
3	Homestyle uuber sized portions! Check out my honey's tower of chicken and waffle! This was the best part of our trip. Was not hungry so I ordered one flap jack. It was huge. Could not finish. Sorry mom. Missing one more star because we had to walk in a maze to get to the spot -- but it was worth it...but then the wait was close to 2 hours! We snuck up on the bar patrons and stalked them until two people finished their lunch. That took about 20 mins, not bad. Also missing the last star because they do Not have a bathroom - whattt??
5	We were in Vegas for five days in July of 2014, and unfortunately only stumbled upon Hash House on our last breakfast. We got there between 8 and 9 am, and were seated right away with a party of 3. If you have a larger party, or if you come after 9, be prepared to wait. When we left, there were plenty of people waiting, but the restaurant is huge so I don't think the wait was long. The menu is small enough to not overwhelm you, but big enough to where it is hard to decide on just one thing. I had been craving a BBBBLT, so that is what I had. It was GIGANTIC! Tons of bacon (hence the more than one B) on thick toasted white bread. It was perfection. Served with fries that were just ok, but the sandwich filled me up plenty. They don't have heat lamps in their kitchen, so the food came out right when it was ready. This could mean that your whole table won't get their food at the same time, so throw manners out the window and eat while your food is hot!The portions are HUGE and the prices are way more reasonable than anything nearby for the quality of food. Plus, if you are a Total Rewards cardholder, you get a tiny bit of a discount! I would suggest visiting Hash House a Go Go more than once on your trip not only to enjoy some delicious food, but also to save you money in the long run and fill you up for the better part of the day! I can't wait to go back.
4	Warning: set aside at least 2.5-3 hours if you are going to have a meal here.  Me and a friend came here on a random friday afternoon ~12pm.  To our surprise, the whole waiting area is packed with people waiting.  Our wait was estimated to be 40 minutes so we went to play some pai gow downstairs.  We came back in 30 minutes and they already called our name.  Awesome!   We ordered the sage chicken benedict to share, which the waiter admitted will take at least 35 minutes.  The portion was huge.  It was a good size to share between 2 people.   This dish had chicken, cheese, bacon, eggs, biscuits, potatoes and some sort of hollandaise sauce.  The eggs were scrambled instead of poached but they were scrambled perfectly.   Pros: new location inside the Quad, huge portions, siracha available, slow but good service, cheap.Note to self: try Sage chicken waffles next visit.
2	Initially, I was excited to go as the Hash House in San Diego is great.Yeay:  large portions, fresh and good quality ingredients.  I had the corned beef hash.  Hubby's Total Rewards card served as a speed pass, so we only waited 10 min when the regular wait was an hour.Meh: slooow service (took 30 minutes for food to arrive), the vanilla waffle was more like a pancake shaped into a waffle-- very cakey and almost soggy, I was expecting something crisp and airy
4	Let me start by saying AMAZING! I've been told about this place a few times and finally got the option to try it. I ordered the sage chicken & waffles which was heaven on a plate. First let's start with the chicken it was two large pieces of breast that we NOT dry surprisingly. The waffle are the best they look like ordinary waffle until you cut into them...Full strips of bacon were hidden inside which made them absolutely delightful. The portions are big enough to share. I had the kiwi watermelon lemonade which you can have virgin or spiked. The kids menu is a downfall it's only for 10 and under and my daughters plate was way more than she could eat.
5	Stopped by for late night break at 0100 hrs and had steak and eggs. $14.00 steak and eggs were gr8t. Hollar..
4	My boyfriend and I had a great breakfast here. The vanilla waffles were super moist. It's noisy and loud but that's to be expected. It is Vegas after all.  You should definitely give this place a try--a great treat from the treacherous heat!
4	Let's just say this place is pretty amazing! It's worth the 45 min wait! The portions are huge you can split one meal between two people. I had a Farmers Scramble. Pretty good, wasn't a fan of them putting garnish in a perfectly good biscuit kind of ruined it for me. Makes your biscuit taste awful. Our server could have been a little better about refills and checking in on our table!
5	The best breakfast ever!! Great staff and service !! Large .. I mean VERY LARGE PORTIONS for your hunger satisfaction !! He there early though BC it does get packed during the later hours of the day and the wait time is not pleasant! I mean who could blame them.. The food there is that good !!
4	Came by for brunch on a Friday morning and the wait was 45 minutes. Keep in mind they don't seat unless the entire party is present.Service was friendly, but the food did take another 45 minutes to arrive. I ordered the fried chicken, mashed potatoes, bacon with scrambled eggs. The fried chicken was very juicy and the batter was fresh! The scrambled eggs were good too. The mashed potatoes were slightly bland.Will definitely have to return to try the other items on their menu. $20/person.
5	Definetly a must try!!!!! Their brown sugar banana pancakes were BOMB!!! Good service and good food!
2	I'm a stupid girl. If Man vs Food goes somewhere, I follow. He has led me to some great places, but Hash House is a no no.It's a novelty joint, and the portions are ginormous, but the food is bad. I has a few bites of my Benedict and called it quits. I have the eating habits of a 15-year-old boy and for me to stop eating something is a big deal. My plate was just a huge mess of flavors that didn't work.My friend and I didn't even get to-go boxes. Sorry Hash House, but I won't be back.
4	Come here if you are the patient and hungry type (read: not hangry). Wait times are ridiculous and can be anywhere from 20-60 minutes during peak meal hours, but if you manage to get in, you'll find out that they serve absolutely MASSIVE portions of EVERYTHING on their menu.With a name like Hash House, you certainly can't go wrong with their traditional hashes, but the thing to try is the chicken and waffles. Giant pieces of crispy fried chicken atop fluffy sage waffles drizzled with maple syrup. The enormous plate comes with a giant steak knife stabbed right in the middle -- it doesn't get much more epic than that. If you manage to finish this plate by yourself, I bow down to you. I scruffed through barely half of it, and I was already ready to roll back down the escalator in a food coma.I also hear that they're open 24 hours, so if you're craving a massive meal after a crazy night of clubbing and/or drinking, they might be a good place for some drunken munchies.
1	What a disappointment.Yes, I have only heard amazing things about this place, and I'm sure it may be true however, the service I received during my visit completely ruined this experience for me.I came here early on a weekday night with a party of 4, let's day 9ish. We were sat right away which was great, as I had attempted coming here three different times only to have to turn around due to the ungodly wait times.So here I am, on cloud 9 finally getting to try all of the amazing things I hear about HH.30 MINUTES LATER someone finally comes over to take our drink order. Another 20 minutes go by before we receive them. Another 15 minutes before we order and ONE HOUR before the food came out...I'm sure you can see were I'm going with this.I am a very reasonable person when it comes to dining out, and as I have been a waitress in the past, I completely know how this thing works.THIS, was on another level.As what takes the cake?? MY CHICKEN WAS RAW. I don't have words. After waiting over two hours for food, and having raw chicken delivered to my table.... I still don't have words.The server was very nice and very apologetic and did not charge us for the meal however, It will take a lot for me to try HHAGG again.
5	Open 24 hours, this is probably the best deal on the strip.  Depending on your appetite, you can easily feed 2 with one meal, and if I recall, the price wasn't that bad.  And the food was really good.  Sage waffles and chicken has already been brought up in several interviews, and it's definitely deserving of the praise.  Plus, seating isn't THAT bad.  For the strip, it's a great, great deal.
5	Not a big breakfast fan normally, but some of the dishes I have had heard are too amazing to pass up!  I have been here every time I go to Vegas and everyone I go with, or have recommended this place to, loves it.  I personally love the biscuits and gravy, but have also had the Man vs. Food dish, and that is huge and delicious.  Great food.  Perfect for your Vegas hangover.
1	Came here at 5am Sunday morning.  I counted maybe 15 parties.  I counted 5 servers.  I've never worked in food service but 3 tables per server should count as easy, right?  But for whatever reason, our server kept disappearing for long periods of time.  During our meal, the server did swing by once to apologize and explained that they are very busy.  Hmm, not very convincing with the majority of the tables empty.Two of us had burgers, which we both agreed tasted very, very bland.  Needed ketchup for it to be edible but conveniently enough, the ketchup bottle at our table was completely empty.  Since our waiter was nowhere to be seen, I had to go snatch a bottle from an empty table.  For my order, I opted for a salad rather than the usual french fries.  The server did not ask what dressing I would like, and the salad was given to me without dressing.  When I realized this, the waiter had already disappeared and I was not given an opportunity to ask him for dressing until 30 minutes later.  I asked for ranch but he gave me cucumber ranch.  Whatever.Another friend had ordered the steak (cooked medium) and eggs special, the steak came out well done and very tough.In conclusion, bad service and bad food.  This place should just close down.
4	Come here with an appetite because the portions of food are ginormous. It was a treat watching the food come out and watching the look on peoples faces. I would say that most of the dishes here can be split with a friend.  My breakfast was pretty delicious. My friend ordered a chicken pot pie dish that came in a hat shaped cracker. It was oozing with a creamy gravy.  It was very good.  I did have to send my hash browns back because they were cold and bit soggy but then they just brought more and I had a ton more hash browns. They were much better HOT.  The waiter was really passionate about the food and very nice.  I saw drinks on the menu that I would have tried that were extremely pricey. There was a bloody Mary drink on the menu that comes with Bacon and it was like $15.  I do not care if it had a souvenir glass I would never pay that much for that drink. I mean nothing that special about it.  I think if  you order a regular Bloody Mary and put your own piece of Bacon from breakfast you would have the same effect for half the price.  :-)   We did wait awhile as expected but it was worth the wait.  I definitely recommend this place.
4	Leave it to me to visit a famous brunch place like Hash House A Go Go and, amidst all the scrumptiously savory options, opt for...Oatmeal.Dude, it's Vegas. More specifically, it was EDC. Salt retains water and makes you bloat. Look it up if you don't believe me.$8.75 for a huge bowl of STEEL-CUT OATMEAL topped with mixed fresh fruit (bananas, oranges, strawberries, watermelon, blackberries, blueberries), brown sugar, and milk, with soy milk substitute for $0.50 (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/hash-house-a-go-go-las-vegas-5?select=MvpCoCsWZOkCv1zg6Wsm_A#MvpCoCsWZOkCv1zg6Wsm_A). Though this menu item won't give your taste buds a wild time (don't worry, that's what the rest of Vegas is for), the portion is huge--'Murica size huge--and filling. You probs won't finish it all. But serious kudos if you do manage to finish it all in one sitting because it's a ton of oatmeal. Literally.But really, what better to feed me than oatmeal for EDC ;)
3	Came here around 9 o'clock on a Saturday night. Wasn't too busy. The good was delicious! Bought the chicken and waffles. The plates are so big two people can share an entree. The only reason it got 3 stars was the service. We were on a double date and the other couple got their food first and they were almost finished eating by the time our food came out. It literally took an extra 15 minutes before we could eat. Now of course we weren't mad at our friends for eating, but seriously us having to watch our friends eat sucks and is bad form. We did some light complaining to the waiter and he didn't even act like he cared. I would probably try this again though because it was only my first time and you can't always hold it against a restaurant for one instance of employee slack. So hopefully my next visit will be better.
5	Every time I visit Las Vegas I always make sure to make a special trip here. Absolutely love this place. This is great for the person who loves breakfast food no matter what time of a day it is. The Corn Beef and Hash is my all time favorite. They give you a large portion of corn beef with potatoes two eggs (style of your choosing) and a biscuit. The corn beef is never extremely greasy the way a lot of other places make theirs. It's always delicious.  Another one of my favorites is the banana pancake. It's a giant pancake with bananas cooked into it as a posed to just sitting on top. Also very delicious and a great size for sharing. My only negative is that during some parts of the day there is a long wait and the last time I went two employees were arguing in from of the hostess station (a little unprofessional). But these has never stopped me from going. I would suggest going very early in the morning or late at night for their late night menu. I always have a positive experience when coming here. Highly recommend this place!!!
3	Bad location the garnish ruins the meal there's  no restrooms inside the restaurant Great music and fun environment  AMAZING BLOODY MARY'S BUT THE OVERALL EXPERIENCE SUCks bC OF THE LOCATION I would not go back
4	Came here for a 1pm breakfast on July 25th 2014 with a friend. We were hung over and starving for some breakfast. We were told it would be a 45 minute wait and that we should stay close because it could be sooner since people miss the call for their tables. We ended up only waiting 15-20 minutes and we were able to get some good screwdrivers while we waited. The menu was very unique for my tastes but I ordered the sage chicken. We were told it would be about another 45 minute wait for our food after we ordered. It didn't take that long, maybe 30 minutes maximum. Our waiter forgot to bring my friends drink and took some effort to flag him down to ask about the drink, but he returned with the drink promptly once we were able to flag him down. The food was delicious and the price was very reasonable for the amount of food. I couldn't finish all my food, which is very rare. The waiter brought us jam, butter, and honey at our our request, no questions asked and no wait. I would go here for breakfast over a cheap breakfast buffet everyday if the wait was a little shorter and i wasn't in a hurry to lose more money. I will definitely try to come here every time i come to Vegas.
2	Checked this place out on the last day I was there in Vegas, its right inside the Quad hotel. You have go through the hotel take the escalators to get to the top and bam your there. Now I want to gripe a little bit about the arrangement of taking in guests. The first thing you see is a line to your left at a counter, thats where you put your name down right? WRONG thats where you can order a drink. I was so disappointed that I waited about an additional ten minutes than I needed to in a line I did not need to wait in. I saw a line that was getting larger at the counter I assumed this is where you put your name down but it wasn't it was just to order drinks if you wanted any during the wait. You have to pass up this counter to go to the front of the restaurant to put your name down. By the time I figured this out there were already about maybe ten or twenty names ahead of me so I had to wait a little bit longer. FIX THIS GUYS this was very frustrating for me and a few luckily for some guests I saved them by pointing them to the front, thank God I was there. Alright after about a twenty five minute wait I got myself a bloody mary just before getting called. The bloody Mary was beautiful with its  green olives and pickled chili and man oh man does it have a lot of pepper, you can almost not tolerate it at first but after yo suck down all the pepper that settled at the bottom, the drink gets easier to finish. Me and the wife got a booth and I have to say the industrial look was eeh dont really know how that connects to any theme but ok. There is like metal platform plates bolted everywhere and the tables are also covered in sheets of aluminum, very cold to rest your elbows on but ok lets get to the food. Me and my wife shared a chicken and waffles breakfast, trust me everything in this place is share-able because of the HUGE amount of food they heep onto your plate. The service was pretty good although because it was so busy here it was kind of hard to get the attention of our waiter. He eventually would come by and got us whatever we needed but you can't blame the guy the restaurant was at maximum capacity, I know he was trying to keep up as best as he could. When the chicken and waffles showed up it was a tower of fried chicken on top of bacon loaded waffles. It looked good but it didn't taste as good as it looked, the chicken and the waffles taste as if it was frozen bought and reheated. The only reason why anyone would forgive the taste is because you get so much food, seriously. My wife said it was good and then I asked her ok lets take away most of the food and give you one piece of chicken and one waffle would you still be happy and she said no and I asked why and she said because its not enough it doesnt taste that good that it can be on its own, and I said ah ha! see told you its really not that good. We also ordered extra biscuits with gravy which was also ok but it was gigantic enough to satisfy our questions for taste. Its really hard to say bad things about a restaurants in vegas because to be honest you have limited amount of choices, especially for breakfast. Would I come here again? well I dont know we'll see. The prices where not that bad to be honest. The only thing redeemable here was the bloody mary which again was just ok.ps: also forgot to mention if you need to go to the restroom you need to go back downstairs to the hotels restrooms. They do not have any restrooms inside the restaurant, really sucks when you just need to wash your hands.
4	Parking sucks!! Looks like a delivery zone for trucks. You wonder if your in the right spot. BUT... It's worth a try cuz the service is good and the food is pretty darn tasty. VERY large portions, enough to feed 2.
5	Awesome I will be returning!!
5	Man, MY idea of a BREAKFAST place............and WAY MORE!!Bloody Mary's definitely and inspiration.  Full bar.  Waitresses add to atmosphere.  Several tats and just a little attitude.........but good service.  Food was "monstrous" in size and NO one at our table (two guys; two women) could finish their meals.  Good quality, too.You can't miss with the Chicken Benedict or whatever it's called officially that was featured on Man v. Food.  I will post a pic.  Get there early or make sure you have a line pass/Total Rewards Platinum or higher card as the line can go out the door.  Because it takes awhile for food to be prepared fresh AND it takes awhile for folks to eat THAT much food, I would make sure you saved enough time.  This is NOT a fast food experience by any means!  The one we visited was in the Quad....soon to be renamed Linq Hotel.  (A Ceasars/Harrah's property).  Located next to the new Linq development and the new High Roller.website: http://www.thequadlv.com/restaurants/hash-house-a-go-go.html#.U-K05aNmasM
5	Definately share a plate w someone else. Second visit... Chicken and waffles... Must get! Sooooo good!
2	Wait: Forever! It was super crowded, then once we were seated we had to wait even longer for our server to get to us. Since, for some reason, on a busy Saturday they had decided to have the poor, overworked bartender also serve about 10 tables. Annoying.Food: Uh.. Yes, I'm a fatty, but asking to have your eggs scrambled soft does not mean "please bring me out a GIANT bowl of over cooked eggs, because I've sent back two sets of eggs that were also incredibly over cooked." I don't want more shitty eggs, I want my two eggs cooked properly. Or at the very least, not the exact opposite of how I like them. I'm not that picky.  If you don't know what scrambled soft means, don't give us the option to ask how we want our eggs. Just tell me, "the only scrambled eggs we have are premade and sitting under a heat lamp getting nice and bouncy!" Then I can change my order. Simple.
1	We came here based on reviews, but were incredibly disappointed. They say that they are famous for their buttermilk sage fried chicken, so we wanted to try it. The chicken breasts had multiple chunks of fat on them, which is just gross when you bite into them. So, they can't be bothered to trim the chicken before frying it? The biscuits that came with the meal were dry and tasteless, even though they were covered in melted butter and honey. So basically, we received huge piles of terrible food!! We were sick to our stomachs for the rest of the evening. We had the remainder of our meal boxed up, which we gave to a hungry homeless person on the strip! It was just gross...don't bother!
5	So it's, I don't know, 1am, on a Tuesday morning in Vegas, and I'm starving. I have this terrible habit of waiting until the very last minute to eat anything and therefore, I get insanely grumpy as my stomach starts to growl and hurt and all I want to do is eat something. Only problem is, even though it's Vegas and the place never really shuts down, it's still hard to find something to nosh on that doesn't cost an exorbitant amount of cash, or is even really open (and no, I will not eat Denny's way up by the Rivera- It's gross and the walk is ridiculous)."Ever heard of Hash House A Go Go?" my buddy asks me as we stand by the Bellagio fountains, sweating in the humid air, my temper already on a very short fuse cuz I'm sure not even orphans in war torn Africa are as hungry as I am at that moment in time."Nope," I reply. "But as long as it isn't pizza or somewhere far, I'll give it a shot."We cross over to the Quad (which is actually pretty nice now that it's been remodeled and doesn't reek of pure tackiness) and, there at the top of the escalators, we walk into the place. Yes, I said "walk-in", as in we didn't have to wait in these really long lines everyone is complaining about on here. Maybe it's because it was mid-week and early in the morning, I have no idea, but those long wait times were non-existent.Like others, I don't really get the whole ambiance of the place. Is it industrial? Is it retro? Is it some weird steam-punk amalgamation? Whatever it is, it doesn't really work. The various pictures on the wall (I seem to remember cowboys and burgers- but then again, I think I was a little drunk), just don't seem to mesh with the metal and the gray paint. But whatever, I was there to eat, not be an interior critic.How long do you think for us to be seen by our waitress? 30 minutes? 40? Neither of those. Honestly, I would wager it was all of about 5 minutes or so before our waitress was at our table, asking for our orders. Hell, we had barely even begun to look at the menu. In fact, I was a little to preoccupied with the waitress herself, who was looking really good with her tattoos and nice smile. Her helpfulness was also pretty alluring.Now, speaking of the menu, which is really what this whole thing is about isn't it? It's not especially big, by which I mean there wasn't a huge selection to chose from. The place brands itself as a breakfast joint, and they have a decent amount of offerings in that department, but I was more interested in something a little more traditional. I picked the burger and only after I made that decision did I realize it had mashed potatoes on it. Mashed potatoes? On a burger? What the hell? Well, I was in Vegas and it was late, and I was hungry, and I had to live a little, so I went with it. Plus, the waitress (who's name I can't remember, although I wanna say it was Gia, or something like that) had been so nice and I didn't want to make her hate me. My buddy, also drunk and clearly feeling the effects of drunk hunger, ordered the chicken and waffles on the suggestion of our server. She said it was good and what most people ordered. She also said the portions were huge.When she said huge, she meant it. My burger came and I swear to God the thing stood like 8 inches tall. So much meat and toppings crammed in it. Yes, those mashed potatoes took up some of that space and I debated scratching them off with a knife, but they must have put those potatoes in there for a reason, right? I went ahead and just dove right in, tastes be damned. I can say that whoever made the decision to put those fluffy, white, mashed roots on a hunk of beef is a culinary genius and deserves an award. Simply put, my burger was delicious. I couldn't even finish all of it in one sitting, however I was able to take it back to the hotel and eat the rest of it for lunch the next day. It was almost like a whole new meal. As far as the chicken and waffles went, those too, should win some type of prize. They came pilled up on a plate in some kind of pyramid like stack, ready for consumption.  Oh, and those waffles had bacon in them. Yes, tasty, salty, crunchy, glorious bacon, mixed into the batter! Would I recommend this place? Yes!Would I return? That would be a resounding Hell Yes!
1	Food was not good. It's all mushed together & you have to disassemble their "presentation." I wouldn't go back at all.
4	The food here was absolutely spectacular. I ordered the French toast and it was so soft and perfectly tasty. The best I've ever had. I also tried my friends hash browns. They were perfect. The food there is easily 5 stars. The service however is not so great. Our waiter, in particular, was quite serious and terse. We asked him to split the check and he turned into a drama queen and made it seem like it was the end of the world. I'm pretty sure he rolled his eyes too. But hopefully your service experience will be different. The food is most definitely worth giving it a go!
1	The sever switched the receipt n he wrote $37 more, then he signed it!!Although I payed 18% tips :( He must thought we're just tourist from Asia n not gonna argue with that.More ridiculous thing is the manager seems like doesn't care about this.I talked to the manager n she said they gonna refund it ASAP but after they got my card info I can't hear anything from her over 10days!!So I had to call my card customer service explained what's going on-_-Everyone knows fake sign is serious problem but only this restaurant doesn't know.. This was the worst worst experience I ever been through
4	Place is awesome. Open all night. Portions are HUGE!!! I give the food a B. Good service and good prices
5	ok lets get straight to the point.....go here before you die!!!! off da chain!!!! food....appearance....quality....service...well deserved! stop guessing....and go...period!
5	This place has quickly morphed into a "must do" bucket list kind of thing!  I hit this joint every single Vegas trip. It will fulfill all your food fantasies, PG or XXX.  Fun for the whole family. Be careful you will over order by about 5 families.  The meatloaf hash is one of my faves.  I always start with the wagon wheel sized soft pretzel that comes hanging on a rack with a couple dipping sauces.  Service has always been spot on and attentive and full of suggestions.You will not be disappointed.
4	Everything on the menu comes large and in charge. Unless you are Man vs Food caliber, expect to share or bring home leftovers. I did exactly that and shared my fried chicken eggs benedict with my boo thang. All in all it was very satisfying. What I can tell is that their fried chicken is very good. The batt contains corn flakes in it and the chicken stays juicy and moist yet fully cooked. In some ways the fried chicken is better than roscoe's (but that is up to debate, imo roscoe's) What was a pleasant delight was there BLT Bloody Mary. Containing a slice of bacon and lettuce (just because) and a side of toast.. honestly it probably was just the presentation of the bacon and toast added to the drink but it made the experience of drinking their bloody mary so much more enjoyable. Getting all of the Ooh and Aahs when served to my table was also nice, and quite honestly, the attention you get is half of the payoff, am i right?Our server had a crazy mohawk which was totally awesome, he was happy to answer questions about it also which was very nice of him. Ive been here a couple times and it has never disappointed. If you don't know what to get, get the chicken and bacon waffles. It seems to be their most popular dish. FYI, this place was on Man vs. Food, no challenge just giving credit where credit is due.
3	Huge portions and great presentation, but the food isn't very flavorful. Last time we went, we waited a lot longer than they originally told us. We noticed some people were being seated before us, even though they came way after us. After complaining, they sat us down. This was our second time here and I'm still not impressed. There are so many better breakfast places in vegas. This will be our last time.
5	Andys sage fried chicken was the best dish I've had in my entire life!! I'm happy to hear I have one close to home in Florida! Congratulations to Hash House to go go, for creating this amazing dish!
5	If you need to grab a bite in Vegas this is the place!! Seven of us managed to split three dishes: the portion sizes are huge I'd suggest splitting the plates unless your real hungry. Has the chicken and waffles the best ever! The service was perfect, one of the gals drinks was really delayed and the waiter took it off. Superior service!
5	One of my most anticipated stops in Vegas. Huge portions & the food is delicious. I always get Andy's safe fried chicken Benedict. My boyfriend usually tries there burgers. & we always share a side the Mac & cheese. It is so good!! If you go on a Sunday morning be prepared to wait a little while, but it's gonna b worth every minute.
4	Big portions AND good food??? This place is known for it's very big portions. We decided to stop by before we left to go back home. We arrived at 930 and only waited about 5 minutes before getting seated (this is a first). There were maybe 3-4 other groups waiting at that time. This place is 24/7 now!!The drinks are pretty pricey. Fresh squeezed juice can get up to $7 and a their coffe drinks to $8. I opted for their watermelon kiwi lemonade..doesn't it just sound delicious?? This was $5.50 and so refreshing. My friend ordered the hazelnut latte, which was also very delicious. It's not too sweet and the whip cream on top is so yummy. Maybe they do have a reason for pricey drinks! It took us awhile to finally order our food because there are so many choices...and so little stomach room. I ended up ordering the Corned Beef Hash. This came with corned beef, onion, swiss on top of crispy potato chunks, 2 eggs, and a bisquit. It was a pile of cheesy beefy starchy goodness. My only complaint was that I asked for the eggs to be cooked over medium well but.. they were pretty much cooked through. I like the white to be cooked, but the yolk still runny.   My friend ordered the Chorizo Hash and this came with chorizo, cheddar cheese, jalapeno, and tomatoes on top of crispy potato chunks, 2 eggs and a bisquit. I had tried this before on another visit and recommended it to my friend. There's just the right amount of heat from the jalapenos and not too greasy from the chorizo. Very delicious. She ordered her eggs the same way, and it came out perfect! Service was good. We didn't wait long when we requested something. Out waiter was very nice! When we finished eating and walked out.. (around 11) there were SSO MANY people and the wait was so long. Try and come early.. avoid lunch rush hour!!
3	Very large portions. Easy for couples to share. The lemonade mimosa is flavorful. Don't arrive hungry in May be a long wait. You have to order sage  chicken and waffles.
3	I don't know what all the rage is about.  yeah, the food was HUGE.  The chicken was done with ginger, something i've had at post and beam in LA.  I got a breakfast plate (waffles, scrambled eggs, sausage).  Honestly, it was as average as a hole-in-a-wall.  Sure, maybe if I got that Man v. Food plate, they may have gotten one more star out of me, but the service would have knocked it back down to 3.This was a 11pm food run with maybe a restaurant that was 45% full.  I shouldn't be applying this to all the servers since I did see several waiters wizzing by me numerous times; however, i just didn't see mine.  Never refilled my water, kept the table waiting for a box, then the check, the the receipt.  Literally, 22 mins between when I was finished and when I was able to sign the check and leave.  Don't get me wrong, the dude was nice.  Very courteous and opened his greeting like a pro.  When its closing to midnight, I just need basic service and I didn't get it - Sit, order, a refill, and check.  Good:  FoodBad:  Service
2	I went one late morning for brunch extremely excited because of all the reviews on yelp and the menu does just look mouth watering. However, the portions are HUGE but the food is just not that great. Prices are a little high but you need to think about the amount of food you are getting. I tried the chicken and waffles which was a let down. The spinach and cheddar eggs were good, but again, nothing out of this world.
4	Never disappointed when I come here.  Great food and the portions are huge!
5	Chicken and waffles are awesome huge portions.  Great Bloody Mary's too.
3	What the frick. Could the dishes BE any bigger?!??!FASHOOO share with someone when you eat here. Do not even doubt the size because anything you get will be good enough for 2 if not 3 people!! You definitely get your moneys worth, but the food is definitely not ideal to take to go when you can't finish your meal so try to find a dish wanted w your friend and just gooo for it.Somehow I finished all the toppings of my HH original benedict only leaving behind half the mashed potatoes and a little bit of the biscuit (WHICH IS TO DIE FOR BTW THE BISCUIT WAS OOOOH LAWDDDD)but everything else....CHICKEN POT PIE - the size of an actual freakin pie. looks like a pie that threw up its insides gracefullySAGE CHICKEN BENEDICT - huge pile of compost lookin food but BET IT TASTED GOODCHICKEN ROSEMARY HASH PLATE - big square plated hash on a pan big enough to cook onjust why. never again not listening to reviews. satisfying, but really hash house?? really???
5	My wife and I went there for a late lunch  I ordered the bbblt  and my wife ordered  the radish salad  with  cucumber ranch  dressing. The bbblt was real good and jay  the server even said that  was one of his  favorite sandwiches on the menu  and he the salad that my wife ordered was awesome too the cucumber dressing. Was even better  and the taste was real  refreshing  too. I'd like to go back again  and again ..
2	I was thoroughly disappointed with the lack of service my friend and I received as well as the food. It wasn't as good as I've heard it to be. I had the andy sage fried chicken with potatoes and my friend had the kokomo burger/sandwich. I had so much leftover that I took it to-go and gave it to a homeless person because I didn't want to waste the food... pretty disappointed.
5	Wow!!!!! That's all I have to say about this place! I don't know how they are not charging more for the amount of portions you get. The girlfriend and I ordered the chicken and bacon waffles and it was the best breakfast I've ever had in my life!! Share with someone do not get one for each. One comes with 2 big pieces of fried chicken breast and 4 bacon waffles! Split that in half and you still won't be able to finis it and I'm a big boy but still couldn't handle it. Best breakfast under $20 For drinks I recommend the watermelon spiked lemonade!! So good and refreshing!! And the watermelon is so juicy!2 drinks and chicken and waffles for under$40 so worth every pennyOur waiter Travis was really cool and always checking in with us. He's the dude rocking the big punk Mohawk can't miss him lolGet him a raise ASAP!!
5	A. Ma. Zing. The waiter suggested that my husband and I split the French toast and the sage fried chicken Benedict for a little sweet/salty mix and it was ridiculous!!! Highly recommend!!
5	I ordered the Andy's Sage Fried Chicken. It hit the spot. I like their food. I wish their portions were smaller. I have to share because I can't possibly eat that much.
5	Being the billionth person to review this place, what could I say that hasn't already been said? How about praise for the terrific service? I got into Vegas late and hungry,  walked over to Hash House around midnight, and sat at the bar. The bartender/server's name was Fonda, and she treated my half-awake, bewildered self as if I were the customer she had been waiting to see all day. She made me a BLT Bloody Mary in no time flat, and it was great-- and so generous with the alcohol that it scared me a little. I ordered the famous sage fried chicken and bacon waffles that everyone on Yelp said were fantastic. I am here to tell you, everyone on Yelp is telling the truth. It's delicious-- like, the kind of delicious where you try to commit the flavors to memory so you can attempt to vaguely duplicate it at home. Two people can easily share this meal. Both Fonda and another (male) server were very attentive without being overbearing, and I felt very appreciative to feel so welcomed as soon as I arrived in Las Vegas. And this place is really perfect for Vegas: Mom's home cooking, but larger than life and more luxurious!The place is cute. It was a little confusing to find at first, but it's upstairs in the Quad, right next to The Linq. If you are in the Flamingo and walk out the door that leads to the Linq, it's more or less directly across the path. You just have to go into the building and follow the escalators upstairs.
3	Normally I woul led give this place 5 stars but the wait staff tonight was horrible, I find it very hard to tip someone who makes you feel like you are an interruption to their business....Hello Helen you work for tips don't you....tonight you worked my table for free. No tip....sorry
5	Love this place... you have to get the Chicken and Waffles. Yum!
4	The portions are huge! Make sure you bring your appetite!
1	I've always loved hash house, great food and bloody Mary's. However last night watching the beyond poor customer service was sad. A young lady walked in very intoxicated ordered then passed out w/ her head on the table. No one tried to wake her get her water, make sure she was ok, or get her out. the waiter dropped off her food w/o saying a word, countless wait staff walked by her as she slept for 45 minutes before a manager came out, he tried to wake her then just left.. Customers were asking if she was ok if she needed help. Finally after almost an hour the young lady embarrassed got up and left. I asked the hostess what there policy was for leaving people like that she just shrugged and walked off.  Yes we're in Vegas and yes she was drunk but who's to say she didn't have a medical condition?? Also it's sad that customers were more concerned about her safety then the people who worked there.
4	We went for brunch and there was a wait, but the host staff got us seated very quickly. Out group mostly had the fried chicken and one got the meatloaf sandwich. The fried chicken and waffles is a must, you could probably split it between 3-4 people. The flavors go together very well and the price is very reasonable. The meatloaf sandwich was outstanding. Our food did take a while to come out; however, it was appreciated that our server let us know ahead of time that it would be use everything was made from scratch and there were no heat lamps. Definitely a great place to go to nurse your hangover!
5	I must say that the wait here is a lot shorter and moves a lot quicker than the Hash House located inside the M Resort. Upon arrival there was a very long line but the wait was barely fifteen minutes so don't be deterred by the lines. Staff members here are very helpful and they work hard to get you in and out in a timely manner! The food is grade A as it is at any Hash House. Definitely worth a couple tries!
5	1 plate of anything here should be enough for 4 small people or 2 large people
4	Was looking for somewhere to eat after our Male Review show. Remembered that this place place opens 24/7. Got there around 1030pm. Got seated right away not packed like i was expecting. I remembered the portion size was huge so we decided to share everything. Ordered Salmon, Ribs, Chicken and biscuits, Penne Pasta , and a couple Watermelon Kiwi Lemondes. Everything was fantastic. I ate so much i couldn't breath or move. Definitely coming back here whenever i'm back in Vegas!
5	OMG ! This place was the shit ! Got recommended by a friend , and im glad we went ! I had the steak and eggs ! Didn't leave anything in the plate ! My friend ordered chicken & waffles and I even got try some of his plate . The waffles had cooked bacon on the inside ! The only thing that I didn't like was the 1hr wait . But after we ate we were glad we waited !
5	Great food and huge portions. I will definitely recommend this place to anyone visiting Las Vegas. The breakfast is amazing. The orange juice also taste great. The server we had was really nice and made great recommendations about what to taste in the menu. The meals can be shared by two, unless your really hungry!!! I recommend the chorizo plate!!!
5	Went here for breakfast not quite knowing what to expect. Well, I can honestly say that my expectations were not only met, but exceeded! Girlfriend and I looked around at all the other tables around us, and noticed that the portions were huge, so we decided to split the chicken and waffles. It was absolutely amazing, and I wasn't quite sure that I was going to enjoy it, considering that chicken and waffles is a southern thing and I'm from the Midwest. The chicken was tender and the waffles were stuffed with bacon! How can you go wrong with that?! We both ordered OJ to drink, and it tasted as if it had just been squeezed! The atmosphere in the restaurant takes on a farm theme, and it is very fitting, The decor, the fixtures, the tables, it all goes together very well. The prices are a little steep (the OJ was $7 per glass!) but hey, it's Vegas. You have to expect to pay more.
5	I had been dying to try this place after seeing pictures of the chicken and waffles circulating around the web. I mean who wouldn't want to try a chicken and waffle tower?i came here with a group of 4 and the wait was exceptionally long, which is something that should be expected when you are going to one of the most rated restaurants in Vegas. After standing for a near 45 minutes I could feel my stomach screaming at me from the Fat Tuesday indulgence I had the night before and from the teasing stench of crispy fried goodness. The waiter warned us that the chicken and waffles are best shared because of the sheer size of the dish. Boy was the waiter right. Not only was this the largest chicken and waffles I have ever seen but it was also the most delicious fried greasy bird that I have ever had. It was crispy, sweet and savory all at once. I would definitely come back to this place but next time I will make sure to come at an odd hour so I don't have to torture myself with the long wait.
4	The wait is crazy here so don't go if you want a quick meal or arrive hungry! Go early or else you'll wait for at least an hr! Food is made to order so that's another 15-30 mins wait. With that said, I really enjoyed the food here, the portions are huge, sharing food is highly recommended. Got the The Tractor Driver Combo with French Toast and it was delicious. I would highly recommend this place if you have the time. Parking: Parking lot is free but it's a maze to find the entrance.
5	Got the Sage Fried Chicken Benedict, which was highly recommended here on Yelp and was featured on Man vs. Food and boy it did not fail to deliver! Soo delicious - wish I could have eaten it all, but sadly there was just so much food and there was no fridge or microwave in our hotel. :( The giant serving comes with a huge piece of fried chicken breast with egg, tomato, bacon, spinach, and mashed potatoes all topped with a slightly spicy house bechamel sauce. If you get it to go, the sauce comes on the side, which is a nice touch and allowed me to adjust the amount of sauce I wanted (so you might want to ask for it on the side as well judging by how much sauce comes on it otherwise). The only thing I wish was that sage flavor on the chicken came through a little more. Not too pricey given the portion size. I came here around 7 am on a Saturday so it was not very full (there were maybe 4 parties are so sitting). My take out order came out in less than 10 minutes, which was certainly impressive. The restaurant is pretty small overall though so I can see how it gets insanely packed. My advice, come early. You won't regret it.
4	I am a definite foodie. This is one of the best places I have been to for brunch. The Chorizo hash is some of the best Choriozo I have ever tasted the fact that there is jalapenos cooked into the hash and they serve it with potatoes and just a side note that you can request a tortilla in place of the biscuits. The drink with the watermelon is delicious as well as the drink that is like a mimosa but better. The only reason I gave it a 4 star rating versus a 5 star rating is because we had a 2 1/2 hour wait. while they were letting other groups in we continued to wait.
5	It's busy but very well organized. Be patient and you will be rewarded! Service is great and the food is unlike anything I've had before (in a very good way).
4	Was told by many to try hash house. Walked into the restuarant. I wasn't that impressed thought it just looked like any other place. But it didn't dissappoint. Awesome bloody mary & the vanilla dipped french toast wow I need to figure out how to make it this good at home. Tried a bite of my friend's waffles & fried chicken mind blowing. If your are ever near one it's worth it.
5	One of my favorite restaurants in Vegas. Portions are out of control, but you're in Vegas, go big or go home. We always get the chicken and waffles and then we always try something else. This latest time I got the Boston Scramble. I would recommend they put this on the regular menu. Delicious!! I would HIGHLY recommend has house to anyone looking for a unique dining experience in Vegas. ;-)
4	Went here based on previous reviews. Thank goodness we did. The food was amazing and the portion sizes were ridiculously large. We went in for an early dinner and was pleasantly surprised that the restaurant was fairly empty, however, it was midweek so we weren't concerned. We were a group of 7 and we each chose different entrees. Each were excellent choices. The only downside was the absence of a restroom. The restaurant is located upstairs from the casino at The Quad, even though the restroom is a short trip down the escalator it is still a bit inconvenient. I wish The Quad would've considered a small restroom for patrons. Nevertheless, that will not hinder me from returning!
4	We eat here every time I get my oil changed at Lexus, which is right next door. The food is legit delicious, but the portion sizes are out of control. It almost takes away from the fact the food is high quality and inspired, and turns the experience a little gimmicky for my taste....however...if you take a friend, and agree on an entree to share (which might not be easy as the whole menu sound yummy) the portions seem more manageable and you can focus on the quality of the food, which is on point, versus the mammoth quantity.
5	Definitely the place to go for breakfast when in Vegas. Portion sizes are huge. Shared the Andy's Sage Fried Chicken and still we had left overs. We both ordered OJ and we could have shared those as well. Biscuits with the meal were really good as well as the crust on the chicken! Based on other reviews will have to go back and try the chicken and waffles.
5	Before I get to how good the food was, the service here is super friendly! Now onto the food, I got the pub crawl sandwich and I didnt expect it to be that big of a portion! So its totally worth the price.  I got the mashed potatoes with cheese and bacon on it as the side order and it was probably the best I've ever had! Oh gawd!
2	If you want to gorge yourself on a shitton of food, then this HHAGG is your place.Located inside a maze of a hotel (I'll give them the fact that they're remodeling) we are seated in a strange room of booths. The interior is dim and uninviting.Our waiter was alright, but seemed a bit frazzled. He kept repeating the items I was ordering with different names than what I was reading off the menu. He also gave an air of irritation because I was just listing off the orders for everyone at the table.This place is the perfect example of quantity over quality.Although the food wasn't bad, it wasn't stellar and definitely not food that I'd recommend to others or return for. Sometimes having two huge heaping mounds of smoked salmon on giant biscuits and mashed potatoes is just TOO much. Even when shared amongst two people.The sage fried chicken was moist, but lacking in flavor. There was nothing special about the dish. I didn't taste any sage, the syrup was regular ole maple syrup. The style of hash was boring. Shredded dry meat. Potato cubes. It didn't hit the spot at all. And the gigantic looming biscuit was dry and brittle and really just a sponge to soak up any grease.For our party of 7, we were seated within 10 minutes on a Saturday morning around 9am.Maybe other locations in the chain are better, but this one I will not be returning to.
3	Most tourists decide where to eat because people rave about it on Yelp, and so did we. The food portion is huge! and the decoration is awesome, but I'd focus more on the taste.     I think what I ordered is HH original benedict, I know the waitress already told me it is different from the usual benedict because they use tomato sauce instead of hollandaise sauce and I still wanted to try. I don't know what is wrong but they just don't seem right for me. The mashed potato was tasteless and didn't go well with the only sour tomato sauce, so as the biscuit. I expected more balanced flavor from the signature dish that represents the restaurant. My brother ordered corn hash beef with scrambled egg and said it's just bland and nothing special but the size.
4	This restaurant is located on the 2nd floor of The Quad. They're open 24hrs so if it's late in the night, this is one of the options you have. Decor is rustic with a lot of farming decorations.Our Order:Andy's Sage Fried Chicken Benedict: ($16.99) sage fried chicken w/ fresh spinach, hardwood smoked bacon, market tomato, griddled Mozzarella, chipotle cream and scrambled Eggs served on a fresh split biscuit with griddled mashed potatoesAndy's Sage Fried Chicken & Bacon Waffle Tower: ($17.50) Sage Fried Chicken stacked w/ bacon waffle, hot maple caramel reduction and crowned with fried leeksKiwi Watermelon Lemonade: $5.50Iced Pistachio Mocha: $6.99WARNING: Portions here are HUGE!! It wasn't on Man vs. Food for a reason! I totally forgot how large the dishes are here and ordered too much as we were starving. First thing that came out of my mouth as it was placed in front of us, "OMG. What did we just do?!" As we were trying to tackle the dishes, we were watching other tables make the same mistake as we did and to hear their gasps were hilarious. We and most of the tables around us had to take the remainder of our orders to go. You have been warned!I wasn't a fan of the fried chicken that they're so famous for as I didn't really taste the sage and the batter was really thick. Since the chicken is covered in sauces, it's not going to be crispy so it's basically a bunch of mush when you dig into it. I had ordered the Waffle Tower and was surprised that the bacon was actually INSIDE the waffle! I thought it would be layered between the waffles or bits sprinkled around.. but nope! Very nicely toasted so it had the slight crunch that I enjoy in my waffles (but still soft and airy on the inside). I also liked the biscuit in the Chicken Benedict as it was quite flavorful, soft, and slightly crumbly. Both dishes were merely ok in their entirety though.In the Iced Pistachio Mocha, you're able to taste the pistachio but since I love the flavor, I would've liked it if it was stronger. It's mostly a sweet drink though so wouldn't say it's strong in the caffeine department. What I'd definitely would come back for is the Kiwi Watermelon Lemonade. It's so refreshing and sounds like a weird combination, but it's so good! I had the non-alcoholic version but next time I'll try their alcoholic one (if it's not too early in the day though).The waitress that assisted us was cheery and friendly. We came here on a Friday afternoon around 2PM so it wasn't very crowded. Fairly easy to flag someone down when we needed something.Having tried their famous dishes, I wouldn't order them again as there are so many other options to try. Hopefully I'll remember to share a dish the next time I come though!
4	Wait time was about 20 minutes. 15 mins shorter than what we were told so that's a plus. Seated & food came out promptly so another plus. Ordered the infamous chicken and waffles (a man vs food fav). Didn't really like it tho. I won't say that it's nasty but I just think it's a preferential taste. I didn't like the taste of the chicken which was kinda soggy & the skin was just falling off. It also had no flavor to me. The waffles tasted kind of weird too. Idk, just didn't work for me. I should've gotten something else. The presentation was great though. And they give you a BUNCH of food. You probably won't eat all your food in one siting. So that's a plus. Not saying you want like the chicken & waffles tho, I just didn't like it.
4	We had a group of 15 for dinner!! The service was great with good banter and very helpful staff. The meals are HUGEEEEEEEEEE I'm not exaggerating.  HUGE! my husband and I shared the sage chicken benedict. We couldn't even finish it.  It was super tasty though! And it was so good even though we were stuffed we kept eating it. Highly recommend the cheese mash.... Holy crap it's good.The meatballs are sooooo flavourful. But if you want to challenge your friend to something they could never finish (like we did for a laugh)  the chicken and waffles are soooooooooooo big. God bless him he tried.... poor kid didn't stand a chance.  All in all it is reasonably priced. Every meal I saw could of easily been shared with 2 if not 3 people. Service with a smile. Good location in the quad hotel.
3	This was our first visit to Hash House a Go Go (HHAGG).  We were in Las Vegas, and enjoyed a late brunch on a Tuesday.  I had the Ham, Spinach and Cheddar scramble, and my wife had the Basic breakfast.  The scramble was very good -- the spinach was not a bit slimy and the ham and cheese were excellent.  Eggs were fluffy, and slightly moist.  The crispy potatoes were exactly as advrrtised and really good.  The biscuits were good, but very dry, and my wife's bacon was limp and very greasy.  The restaurant could use a more acoustically responsive ceiling.  This was one of the louder spaces we've encountered and it was a distraction.  All-in-all, I gave our experience 3 stars, but the food and the value for money is actually about 4 and a half stars.  We'll come back, and recommend this restaurant to others
3	Located inside the Quad or Old Imperial Palace or Future Linq. Second floor entrance off a set of elevators of its own near the center of the Casino.Tips: Come hungry and leave full as portions are country sized. Order a drink as the water is disgusting. Service and wait staff was friendly and not  prompt. We arrived early and seated before the breakfast rush. Food order was taken. Drinks refills for water and coffee came upon requesting.Tried one of the skillets. Skillet was warm, moist, flavorful seasoned, and delicious. Toast was burnt. Dishes are accented with wheat, sage, or various farm fair. Presentation is something to enjoy in it's own. Coffee was decent not stellar.Overall three stars. Good food and drink presentation. Service quality was not great nor bad. Willing to come back with an appetite.
3	There were a few things on my "Vegas" bucket list, and this was one of them.  I was so excited...so it may boil down to I had a HIGH expectation.  And truly, I vacillated between a 3 and 4*1)  There is always and hour or more wait, and there are no light up thingies to let you know - so you either go and make the res, then gamble and come back - or you sit outside on your phone in the wait area.2)  The food is touted on Man v. Food (the special I chose), New York Times, and ABC's Nightline - but I think everyone brings their A-game for those folks...know whatta I mean?3)  It's pretty small - hence the wait.I ordered the Andy's Sage Chicken Benedict style:  layered:  red skin mashed potatoes, a large split homemade biscuit, soft style scrambled eggs, bacon, a chicken fried chicken breast (Andy Sage style), fresh spinach, tomatoes, and topped with mozzarella (mine was burnt), and chipotle sauce.  What I learned is that you must cut through all the layers and attempt to form "the perfect bite."  The first few of these were 1) unsuccessful 2) extremely delicious.  At this point, it began to turn into a huge pile of chipotle sogged biscuit, through which you dig to find nuggets of chicken fried chicken, spinach, or bacon.  (My suggestion is to make a dish with those three and keep the chipotle on the side).  Within minutes of eating a little less than half, I was very ill.  Now, this could ONLY be the food, and not the 17 or so vodka tonics from the night before...or the bloody mary I had while waiting.  Be warned. My companions had various versions of: flank steak, chunk hash browns, various veggies, and biscuit - and it all looked really messy and unappealing.  One friend had the BBLT (just add bacon to bacon), which comes on HUGE Texas toast, and she added a medium fried egg on the side.  That looked really good.  The service was outstanding and the time at the table, and getting out was pleasant, unrushed, and memorable (there were 7 of us).All in all, I'm so glad I had the experience, but I won't go through this kind of trouble for that kind of meal again.
2	I was super excited to try Hash House A Go Go. We had heard it was good for brunch and really good food. However we were turned off almost immediately. It is very difficult to find if you are just using a map app... we walked around for a good 20 mins before discovering it is inside the Quad, past some interior construction, and on the 2nd floor.When we finally got up to the restaurant, there were people everywhere waiting to be seated. There was no rhyme or reason to the wait area and it was difficult to find the host/hostess station. We inquired as to the wait (we were not greeted or anything) and the host didn't even look up and told us 25-40 minutes. He did not inform us of any drink specials we could have enjoyed while we waited - although I did see a sign on our way down the escalator. The lack of acknowledgment and enthusiasm made our decision easy: to see food elsewhere. Perhaps I will try this spot on my next trip to Vegas.
3	Bring your appetite because you will definitely need it if you come here. I ordered a salad and the chicken and waffles. The salad was overly drenched in dressing. Ask for the dressing on the side if you don't like your lettuce soggy.The biscuits were good. They were covered in honey butter and were the size of my fist. But....I'll admit they are nothing compared to the biscuits at Sweet Cheeks Q in Boston. By the the time I got through the salad and half of the biscuit the chicken and waffles was served. Holy... The waffles are made with bacon inside! Um, who was the genius who thought of that? This portion washuge and could definitely feed 2 people. Overall it was a decent meal and I had plenty of leftovers.
4	We arrived around 9 am with a 15 min wait, the service is slow however it is we'll worth the wait. We ordered the tractor combo which is a great amount of food, the Waffles are large and fluffy, the eggs and potatoes are plentiful, however, the fried chicken and mashed potatoes are the speciality. I would highly recommend at least one person in our party to order those items!! It's a must Go Go !!
4	This place was awesome. The portions are HUGE, i mean, enough for two people.
4	Amazing flavors and huge proportions! They just need to work on staffing better. Waited for 30+ minutes when there was clearly several empty tables. Our waiter was super friendly and gave great service!
5	Great food and excellent service!!! This place is a must-go for Las Vegas Breakfast.  Try the chorizo hash and of course the chicken and waffles.  There can be a wait but it's worth it.
4	Had to try the chicken and waffles because that's what people talk about. Impressed !! It's definently a shared meal unless your starving . Atmosphere is nice , waiters polite and sociable . Only knock I had was we were waiting on people from our party that was down stairs parking and they didn't sit us until everyone came . It's the policy . Must try tho when in Vegas .
3	This is the second time I visit this place and the quality of food was not the same as the first time. However, the plate presentation is still amazing!
4	One word- Awesome!!! The food was on point! The proportions...well let's just say that I 100% guarantee that you will not leave dissatisfied or hungry in any way. I felt like a glutton and loved it!! Merica!! Service was decent- not award winning but not bad. Overall I left this place as a happy camper in a food coma.
3	This place was good. Defiantly could share food. The wait for our food was a bit long.
5	Located inside the Quad Hotel, it can be a little difficult to find, but it is so worth the search. After hearing that the portions here were pretty generous, we were hesitant about whether to order two separate dishes or split one between the two of us. We ended up ordering Andy's Sage Fried Chicken ($14.99), a plate that contained all of the food groups I can think of. A delicious concoction of crispy, double-fried chicken with their delicious hash browns, a kick of chipotle with a biscuit, this plate can be easily shared by a very hungry couple.The service was fantastic - our server Billy was sincere, funny and attentive, showing us what true American hospitality is about.I highly recommended this gem of a brunch spot if you're in Vegas - skip the pricey hotel buffet and get a fresh and delicious dish here. The coffee is small at $3 here, but it's super fresh with bottomless refills.
4	Never had a bad meal here. Only bad thing was the food took over 40 mins to get to the table.
4	One of those places where there's a line to put your name on the waitlist - crazy! Make sure you're not in a rush when you come here otherwise you won't be in a good mood to eat! Put your name on the list then go enjoy the casino but make sure to come back a little early because I think they quote their wait time a little longer.My friend and I split the sage chicken benedict. I'm a sucker for all eggs benedict dishes. However, it's not a benedict because the eggs aren't poached, but the scrambled eggs were pretty good! It was a huge sage fried chicken w/ fresh spinach, bacon, tomato, mozzarella, chipotle cream and scrambled eggs served on a biscuit with mashed potatoes. I wasn't able to finish my half of the meal it was so large! I wasn't blown away by the taste of the food, but the size was pretty enormous. I'll be back to try their sage chicken waffles next time!
5	Excellent food and attentive staff. Large portions so sharing should be considered. Definitely a great spot to get breakfast in Vegas.
5	Every time I come to this place I feel like they reword or remove something that I like from the menu, never the less I always leave this place completely satisfied. If you never been to this place it's a must. Enjoy
5	Steak and eggs special is great... it comes with of course steak and eggs... some mashed potato concoction that is out of this world... loved it...I'm not one for mashed potatoes but this was really really good and a huge biscuit which they offer with butter and strawberry jam... I actually ate the biscuit for the strawberry jam... And a little side of fruit... All this for 14.99!!! I'm definitely coming back... oh and it's open 24/7!!!
4	So I got a two for one dinner coupon and had my heart set on the fried chicken and waffles.  Damn, that portion was just ridiculous.  Chicken was crisp and juicy.  Even the breast meat.  I don't even remember the meatloaf but I think it was good too.  Three ladies shared that and the meatloaf entree and I swear, we could've fed our husbands/bfs with that amount of food.Who eats this much???  Welcome to 'Merica.  Oh yeah, service was awesome!  Even though I had a coupon, he didn't make a big deal like some places would.  Well done!
4	This place is a must try. I came in during breakfast and there was a wait. 20 minutes.Their servings are big, so I do suggest you share with someone. My bf and I shared the rosemary chicken waffle thing, and the friend chicken was so good. Best fried chicken I have ever had. MUST MUST MUST TRY!The service and staff was great, very friendly. It does get loud and very busy though.
3	Soo after a long night/morning came here food was great service was ok and the drinks yesss drinks 7.:00am still drinking they sucked had our waiter change it three different time still sucked !! But the waiter was cool about sooo two thumbs up to the food three thumbs up to the waiter
5	Came here for the Sage Fried Chicken Waffle Tower.  First time eating the entire day (it was approx. 12pm) and it was amazing.  I literally stuffed myself and I shared the dish with my husband.  Definitely worth trying it out.  We will be returning for sure on my next trip to Vegas.  Service was cool, no complaints.
4	This place is awesome. First time in Vegas and I've heads about this place and it was amazing. You want breakfast? COME HERE! PERIOD!!!!
4	How have I not known, until now, that this hidden gem existed??!! Located on the 2nd floor of the newly opened Quad Hotel Hash House A Go Go has been here for 6+ years back in the Imperial Palace hotel days... We showed up on a late Saturday morning and while the wait was long (about 40 minutes) the food and service was well worth every minute! Hash House has an extensive menu but we opted for two house favorites: Sage-fried chicken and waffles with fried leeks and upside down chicken pot pie. And talk about portions?! They are HUGE!!! It was quite entertaining to watch table after table be served their meals and to see the camera flash bulbs going off with people wanting to capture the artistry on their plate- me included. The sage-fried chicken and waffles with fried leeks was truly heaven on a plate! I have always wanted to try chicken and waffles and this was definitely the right place to be sucked into that world. The fried chicken was flavorful and juicy and the fried leeks?? Yes, I was skeptical about fried leeks but they were simply divine. They weren't overpowering and complimented the sage flavoring of the chicken breading well. The chicken pot pie was a marvel in its own right. Served with the crust on the side versus on the top/bottom allows you to enjoy every aspect of a chicken pot pie from the first bite to the last. Hash House is definitely a place to seek out and savor!
5	Nothing but good things to say! We recently visited Vegas and actually ate twice. First time with a large crowd of about 20. No issues accommodating us. Favs --chizoro house hash and the chicken house hash. The brown sugar flapjack was amazing!  Unbelievable bang for your buck!
3	Server was not very considerate and constantly trying to rush us for brunch. I ordered the roasted chicken, peppers, asparagus, and rosemary hash with egg whites and half order of potatoes. Alright quality, way too much oil and not much added flavor/spice. Portion wasn't what I expected (yes, even though I got 1/2 potatoes). However, my friend got a pancake that was ENORMOUS. I tried it and it was very good and cooked perfectly. Perhaps I just got a subpar dish for this place or I was expecting more, but overall I was not impressed and would have been more pleased at a Waffle House (from Georgia).
5	Oh My Great Food Coma!  Huge fan of huge portions of great food.On this trip to Vegas for the Bodybuilding convention and was on the hunt for brunch.  After a Epic fail at another eating establishment......we were excited to come here.  We got the 411 from some local friends in the area.   A little hard to find, but worth every bite.  The food is so flavorful, satisfying and leaves you wanting more. Have no fear, take it home and eat some for lunch!  Huge portions.....no seriously they're huge.  Bodybuilders even said it was huge but finished everything and were still hungry about 3 hours later. This place is right up there with the Griddle Cafe in LA.  This will be a place I come visit more often.  - Cara
5	Can you say amazing? I stayed in the quad and this was recommended by a friend of mine. I didn't have high expectations for this place but it blew my mind. Our server was great. I had the Kokomo and I've literally been dreaming about it ever since. The fries were fresh and hot and just freaking perfect. I can't wait to go back. My next vacation will be somewhere near a Hash House.
4	This place was great! It was a little crowded when I went but it was well worth the wait. You must bring your apatite because the serving sized are huge.
4	As a person who doesnt like to waste money, or enjoy crappy food.  I always like to try new places out especially in Vegas and when I  randomly came across this place so I was instantly kind of skeptical.  Especially since it was located in imperial palace and i hadnt really noticed a major advertisement for it before. If you've ever seen a Great and glorious fast food ad on tv or online with the delicious mouth watering food and then once you get there and take your order it looks like someone beat your burger with their fist and just flung it in a bag and you was hungry half an hour later and you spent $20-30.Well Once i googled a few images and menu I figured why not try it out. I didnt post a picture because my pictures will look just like everyone elses or I can say just like their appear on any internet search. Definitely not a false advertisement on that. This has by far been one of my Top places to go to in Vegas and Chicago regardless of the day, time or week. I have tried the majority of the menu or seen a friend try it like the burgers the size of your head stuffed wit mash or what ever else, the Dinner plate sized tenderloin sandwich, Chicken & waffles, the Kokimo and a few more.. Definitely worth the wait in line, the money and the couple hours spent trying to finish.The only reason It wasnt 5 stars was because I'm a super harsh critic and a place would have to be the greatest thing on earth for 5 stars (or maybe i'm nitpicking) but I'm just saying little super minor things could be better like saying out of 10 its a 9.8This place how ever is very very close: Good food, Not to much on the pockets, will have left overs, good service, good atmosphere, hope they'll add more to the future menuMajor Rule #1: Try not to eat ANY! thing before coming here.. Even on an empty stomach you may not finish it all but give it try anywayMajor Rule #2: Try not to eat here BEFORE! going out on the town..  you'll probably be to full to drink, dance, hang out an/or just sleepy as hell, full an ready to lay down
3	I had to deduct another star this visit for the entirely underwhelming service. The food came through yet once again, but from the moment we had human interaction with this place, it was just unfortunate. The hostesses seemed to have an attitude and took forever to arrange our table in a completely empty restaurant and our server took forever and just seemed to be going with the motions. Not that I need to be entertained, but be friendly, you're a server. If all we had to do was eat amazing food, this place would get five stars.
3	Over hyped. There I said it. Don't be hating, I just wasn't blown away and after seeing words like ''amazing'', ''exceptional'' and ''spectacular'' appearing in so many reviews I did expect more than the very average tasting Chicken and Waffles I had. Ok, portions are huge but that is the exact reason why America has an obesity problem. Half the portions, increase the quality and you're onto a winner Hash House.Located inside The Quad this place is a bitch to find. It's on the 2nd floor and accessible from an escalator in a dark corner of the ground floor, you really have to be paying attention to the signs and directions.Once inside the place is large and the staff inviting. The menu consists of Breakfast, Brunch, Lunch and Dinner with your usual American fare. Knowing from the Yelp pictures before we came the portions were big we decided to order just one Entree to share and see how we go with that before ordering more.- Sage Fried Chicken and Waffles. (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/hash-house-a-go-go-las-vegas-5?select=WMlwV0h4FJ210s5htktfYg#qbOfWBSEnFvS3S5Kvu9uBA) The Waffles have Bacon cooked into them and comes with Leeks. The presentation was great, piled high and held together with a huge steak knife, truly a beast of a meal.My Husband and I found the Chicken to be a little dry and the coating oily. It also had a strong flour taste where too much had been used before the egg wash and crumb coating. The Waffles and Syrup were good if you took out the Bacon (consisted of more fat than meat) and the Leeks really added nothing to the dish, do people even eat them?The portion was large enough for Breakfast between two of us though as we didn't even manage to finish it, how one person could eat that much in one sitting is beyond me.Bottom line? Disappointing experience, I'm glad I did come here after wanting to for so long but am not likely to return. I guess it's the kind of place you come once just to say you have been. Probably more 2.5 / 5. I'm too generous...
4	I'll knock off 0.5 star for being in the pretty meh Imperial Palace... and another 0.5 star for the massive wait most people have to go through to eat here.This place is pretty top notch.  I had eaten at the one out in 'Vegas' Vegas and when on a tiny trip up here for the May 2012 solar eclipse I ate breakfast at this location.Their food is massive... the price isn't cheap... but it's really good.Get up a bit early and get in here before the crowds show up.  It'll be a tasty filling breakfast!
4	I had heard so much about this place, so even though we were both starving , we endured a 30 minute wait and it was definitely worth it. Service was efficient and fun, the atmosphere is upbeat and then the food. Wow are these some big plates! Had the chorizo jalapeno hash, the chorizo is made in house and is a perfect balance of flavor and heat, without the overuse of salt that so often happens, served over crispy potatoes it was delicious. My wife had the sage chicken which is HUGE! Flavor again was superb, but unless you have a huge appetite, get this one to share. All around a great place and the best breakfast I have found so far in Vegas.
5	This place is AMAZING!!!!  Customer service was EXCELLENT. The food DELISH!!!  Portion sizes MORE THAN A MEAL!!!! A return visit is in order.
5	Absolutely my favorite foody spot in vegas! The girls & i decided to come here because of previous friends who have visited all said that this was the place to go! Boy, they were so right! We came here after the nightclub due to the fact that they are really busy during lunch time & were packed but since they are open 24/7 we came late night. We were told that two plates were they most well known plates that were famous so of course me & the girls decided to get our own plate. (Andy's Sage fried chicken, Chicken & waffles, & corned beef hash) Our server warned us before ordering that one pate is enough share for the three of us but we were hungry & were careless of what she said. Few moments later when the food arrived we all looked at each other & said she was right we should have ordered only two plates. Several spoon fulls later we were so stuffed & barely even put a dent on our plates!The service was great! but what was even better was the food (quality & taste)! Our bill was nothing compared to the buffet prices too! You really do get a bang for your buck here! I promise you, you will leave feeling fully satisfied & taste buds feeling tingly from the rich sauces & ingredients. We left here fully satisfied & our tummy's full! I will be making sure to stop by here every time we hit up vegas!
4	I ordered the Sage Chicken and Waffles to go. They served it to me in a pizza box since it was the only container large enough to hold everything! When I took one bite of the fried chicken, I thought I was struck by lightning. The chicken was deliciously seasoned while being unbelievably moist. I tried to commit the flavor to memory, just so I can try to make it at home!The waffles though, were not as good. They were normal, dry waffles that one would expect. The difference was that these waffles had bacon inside. It was a unique style of preparation, but I could have done without them. As for the sauteed leeks, I didn't really understand why they were part of the dish. But hey, I like leeks, so I'm not going to complain about them. Quick note about the amount of patrons. I visited at noon and there were about 30 people in line, waiting for a table. I decided to come back at 3pm, when there was no line and the restaurant was empty. If you're not in the mood to wait, I recommend showing up at the restaurant in the mid-afternoon. Overall, I paid 21 dollars for this giant meal and was satisfied. I'm definitely going to try the chicken pot pie when I visit this place again!
4	Ordered sage chicken and waffles and chicken Benedict.  Chicken and waffle was watever but the chicken benedict was awesome!  We shared (3people) couldnt finish both plates.
3	Heard good things about this place, but the portions are way too big.  The sage fried chicken and waffles were good.  Just too much for one person and you will get tired of it.  We got here early so there was no wait, but the waiter looked flustered when they were still slow.  Messed up my friends order 3 time....
5	The best biscuits and gravy I've ever had
4	Yesterday breakfast was exquisite. THANK YOU Hash House A Go Go. . . .Walking toward the hostess I noticed There was a wait which usually means the food is great. Only a 5 minute wait.  I was very pleased and excited because I could see a bar. Most breakfast places forget about us alcoholics. Haha. My date ordered me The BLT Bloody Mary. I was very impressed. It was delivered quickly and tasted delicious. I was quite pleased with the appearance as well. Bacon, lettuce, tomato served in the glass and toast on the side.  I will definitely be dining there again.
4	food was really good, but portions were HUGE... too big.also, overpriced, but everything on the Strip is.
5	Huge portions, great food & its 24 hours!!! I wish there was one these in Los Angeles. Only downside is that its always busy here. Waiting list is long. So make sure you have patience. It will pay off once you have your food. Best believe that.
4	Rave reviews!! The price,  the food, the BLT Mary all amazing. Huge portions of food for the price. Dishes can be easily split between 2 or 3 people.
5	I had absolutly awesom fried green tomatoe with chicken salad and grilled chicken with pumpkin and mashed potatoes, coverd with tomatoes. Food was amazing and we will come back for sure. Loved it.
5	I have been here 4 times. It is on top of my list of restaurants to visit whenever I visit Vegas. There is always a line, so expect to wait, but it is completely worth it! The service is great. They have a super friendly waitstaff who are really knowledgable about their menu and drinks. Every time I've been, I've only gotten breakfast, so I have no idea how their lunch or dinner is. Their food has huge portions, but every bite is delicious. I've had their pancakes, chicken and waffles, hash, eggs Benedict, and sampled many other dishes that the people I came with ordered. Everything was delicious. If you've never been, this is definitely one of the places you need to go! You won't regret it!
3	This place is pretty unusual and somewhat difficult to find using their own map on Yelp.  I was with two other guys for a convention and we thought we'd try this out at 11PM.  Service was good.  The food offerings were very good and breakfast appears to served all day.  I ordered the corned beef hash...it wasn't.  It was corned beef on top of chopped and fried potatos, a load of cheese and a rock hard biscuit.  It was tasty but no hash in the corned beef hash.  The overall experience was good or I would have to post a two star review.  I would love for someone in the restaruanting world to start with a menu of realistic portion-size expectations.  The portions were enormous and you have no idea you are getting so much food.
4	I love breakfast so naturally I figured there had to be a ton of amazing breakfast places on the Strip, right? Well if there is,  I couldn't find them! but i did stumble upon this gem and boy am I glad I did! Can I please bring you back to Pittsburgh? It was a little hard to find but only because of construction going on. The place is upstairs and has a really neat and interesting interior. We were seqted (both times we went) within 15 minutes! Both times I ordered the tractor driver breakfast which I got with eggs, a waffle, potatoes, and I got an extra side of sausage. This meal was huge and so filling! It also came out so fast I was shocked! Everything was cooked perfect and I highly recommend the sausage.  It basically melts in your mouth, so delicious! My boyfriend got the smashed pork tenderloin. OMG this was HUGE. it came out and the gentleman at the table next to ours asked to take a pic! I don't think I have ever seen a breakfast so big. My boyfriend loved it! Our entire experience both times was amazing. I told everyone that I knew in Vegas(we were there for a wedding) about it and most of them tried it and loved it. I am so happy I found this place and when Vegas calls again, you can find me there!
5	Excellent food with lots of flavor. I ordered the man vs food. OmG its soo good. Had to tag team.it with my son and we still got conquered we couldnt finish it. Servers and workers are friendly and nice. Be patience alot of people. Truat me itnia worth the wait. Enjoy....
5	Such a good place to visit while we were in Vegas! We came back here again and again because the food, service, atmosphere was perfect. Every time a waitress or waiter would walk by with a plate of food everyone would stare and ask the person who received it what they ordered. Every time something came out everyone was amazed! You know you're doing something right when everybody is surprised and  delighted every time. It's a must go if you're in Vegas!
5	Amazing! Had a 25 minute wait around 11 on a Monday, not too shabby! Fast and friendly service and for a breakfast food junkie like me, it was heaven. Huge portions and the biscuits are a gift from the gods.
5	What a fun and unique spot for a late night breakfast!  There is a ton of construction on the Quad in this area, so it can be a little confusing to find this upstairs eatery, but well worth it!  Be aware that the portions are HUGE!  In hindsight, definitely would have shared.    They also have a full bar, which is always a nice touch.  Our waitress was the sweetest and very patient, with one very intoxicated person in our group  Clearly, not her first rodeo!I ordered the Sage Chicken Eggs Benedict (as seen on Man Vs. Food), it was a BEAST and SO SO delicious...seriously the size of a loaf of bread filled with eggs, sauce, potatoes and crispy chicken- unbelievable!  The interesting twists they put on traditional breakfast items, is worth the trip alone.  Prizes were reasonable considering it's a touristy area!
4	Good food, but very large portion sizes! Fun, casual atmosphere. I'd come here again for a casual breakfast.
4	Hash House A Go Go, a place to train if you want to get into competitive eating!My cousin and I decided to walk from our hotel to Hash House A Go Go. Since this place had a reputation of serving large portions, we had to build our appetites. It was about a twenty minute walk from Treasure Island in the triple digit heat of Vegas. No sauna suit needed!When we arrived, the waiting area was packed! Those who were waiting for a table made use of the mini-bar by the host stand. The mini-bar served their famous bloody marys and screwdrivers, for a price. As I went to put my name down for a table, the wait was estimated for a thirty to forty-five minute wait. Since we were famished, we were lucky enough to find seating at the bar.Once we sat at the bar our server/bar tender, Jeanette, assisted us. She took our drink orders and I chose to get a screwdriver. After placing our drink orders, we started browsing through our menus. Everything looked good on the menu, but due to stomach limitations, we ordered the following:- Sage chicken and waffles that include, Two sage fried chicken breasts with hardwood smoked bacon waffle tower, hot maple reduction and fried leeks- Farm benedict with hammered crispy pork tenderloin with market yellow tomato, spinach, bbq cream and topped with scrambled eggs.The screwdriver was pretty strong for my empty stomach and gave me a light buzz. As our food was brought to us, the medley of "Ain't No Mountain High Enough", was playing in my head. These portions were ginormous! To make sure we experienced the best dining experience at Hash House A Go Go, we switched off on eating our dishes. The tenderloin and fried chicken were both crispy. The waffles with the fried chicken were kind of soggy due to the oil of the fried chicken. The gravy, scrambled eggs, mashed potatoes, and biscuits were a great blend of must have breakfast items.These monstrosities destroyed our hunger pangs! The service from our server/bar tender Jeanette was great! My first time here was a great experience.
3	Over-rated as 'best breakfast place in Las Vegas'. We arrived around 10:30 on a Monday to find a line of about 8 to 12 people. The line moved quickly and we were seated within 15 minutes.As per other reviews, portions are very large. After looking at the menus (and a few pics on Yelp) I ordered the sage chicken, eggs and mashed potatoes. My friend ordered the Corned Beef Hash. Overall service was good, attentive and prompt. Environment is unique with checkered chrome metal on the walls and comfortable booths. I didn't taste hers so all I can say is she liked it. Nice large strips of corned beef hash over potatoes with some gravy. She ordered hot tea and it came in a rather unique tea bag. I ordered the Andys Sage Chicken, Eggs and Mashed Potatoes along with coffee. The chicken is breaded and deep fried. Mashed potatoes have bacon in them. Eggs were over easy and there was also two strips of bacon. The eggs were a bit overcooked but still slightly runny. The chicken left a lot to be desired, tasteless and bland. The breading added nothing to the flavor and was too thick for my preference. Bacon also wasn't very tasty. The mashed potatoes were ok but there's a lot. There was a raspberry drizzle around the outside of the plate that proceeded to make everything I touched sticky. Not a big fan.Overall I'd call it a disappointing visit from my perspective. I wanted to try the chicken and waffles but wasn't a big fan of how it was presented after looking at the pics on Yelp.
4	Huge portions , great food and ambiance!!!!
5	Delicious food. Portions are huge so it doesn't hurt to share. Had Andy's Sage Fried Chicken and Eggs. Excellent.
4	Amazing food. We went for lunch on Monday and had to wait about 45 minutes. Once seated the atmosphere was really fun. Retro farmhouse . Our waitress was nice and gave great service. I highly recommend sharing an entree because they are enormous portions . We got a burger with mashed potatoes and bacon in the middle of 2 1/4 lb patties. The burger had excellent flavor and the fries were super crispy . We also got a side of fried chicken which was a filleted chicken breast and the breaking had excellent flavor and was done to perfection .
5	Great breakfast spot!!! Went with a few girls and everyone loved what they ordered.    I tried the Chicken & Waffles at the suggestion of our cab driver, concierge and hostess.... it was great!!!!  Apple Juice was freshly squeezed and divine. I will definitely return on my next visit.  Oh and our waiter was most helpful with the menu.  Try it!
4	We went here on a Friday morning. Had about a 20 minute wait, which was not bad, considering how packed it was. Our food was excellent. Would probably split it next time. We all had pancakes. It was the size of a medium pizza. Service was good. Only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is the noise level in the dining room was VERY loud. We could barely hear each other talk. We will go back again on our next trip for sure!
5	Simply the greatest bowl of Steel-cut Oats I've ever had. Don't feel the need to get a side of eggs and toast, Hash House Steel-cut oats will get the job done. Fun servers, but try to get seated before 9, the line gets a little crazy.
5	I love their service and my favorite is the chicken and waffle.  Big portion, it can fill up two grown adults.
1	No stars for Hash A Go Go.  We waited over 45 minutes for frozen sunny side eggs.  We asked for a new order only to be served more frozen sunny side eggs.  Avoid if Salmonella is not your thing.
5	This is the best breakfast spot on the strip!  The potions are HUGE. I'm a big eater and my wife and I could share the chicken and waffles. Biscuits and gravy is good too.  We had a large party, but the service great.  We know that large parties can be difficult to please.  Scott ( young red head guy) was EXCELLENT! He even checked on us the next day even though we weren't sitting in his section.  If you come to Vegas you have to eat here!
3	Service was good, coffee was great. But why did I only give it 3 stars??? food was just average ol breakfast food. Anything special about that average ol breakfast? They put a partial branch of rosemary in ur biscuit for garnishment. Thats it.... Please note the food wasn't horrible.... it was edible but just very plain... nothing to get that excited about. If you are really hungry... prob not worth the wait time. Had higher expectations for as much hype as this place gets.
5	Yum! We had this on our last breakfast before we headed out of town. What a stop! Plate sized pancakes. Mashed potatoes for breakfast! We sat at the bar and had a great meal!! We did valet and we were in and out. A definite must on our next trip!
2	Went here with a couple friends after hearing rave reviewsfrom a few sources. I got the #1 scramble and my friends got a buttermilkl pancake and the sage chicken and waffles.  None of us were happy with our food.  The scramble came with fried potatoes and a buttermilk biscuit.  The potatoes were cooked well but, like most of the food we received, was bland.  The biscuit was somewhat dry and had no butter, gravy, or even jam. The scramble itself was quite runny wich was very odd and still fairly bland.  My friend's waffles had bacon in then and were OK. The fried chicken however had a heavy sage smell which overpowered everything else about it. Had no flavor beyond that. The pancake my other friend got was just a big pancake. Nothing special.  The portions were large or average with bare minimal to no condiments (butter, jam, maple syrup).I do not recommend this place and will not be returning.
2	I agree with other yelpers that this place is overhyped. I liked the big portions because it allowed us to share, but the flavor was lacking and over powering at the same time. Our server was great, but our food was not. My brother and I split the roasted chicken hash and man, was the rosemary super strong! I like rosemary, but it tasted almost bitter. The potatoes were nice and crispy and the biscuit was tasty though. The famous chicken and waffles was disappointing. The presentation was awesome and looked promising, but the chicken was tasteless. The waffles were ok. All in all, it was just ok and we waited a long time.
3	Good food.  Huge portions but split the food. Music is to loud.We were with another couple & they received their food first. We had to wait 20 minutes for our food.
5	The sage chicken and waffles was on point.  Haven't had anything like that before. The service was just as great as the food.  I had fried green tomatoes for an app, that too was great. It was paired with a watermelon. Sounds weird but it worked perfect.  I'm very impressed by this place. I'll be back again if I visit Las Vegas.
3	Ordered the corned beef with eggs over easy. Eggs were over medium (yolk hard).It could be my misunderstanding, but the beef was stringy not like a "hash".Coffee was ok, nothing special.The waiter was attentive and made coffee was filled
1	I was not impressed. I was with a group of five. It took thirty minutes for one order to come out and forty minutes to get a small side salad. Then three of us had to wait another 20 minutes to get our food while our other friend ate. The table next to us was having the same problem. When we asked the server who brought out the salad where our food was he told us it was not problem and to tell someone else. After the long wait I got a chicken sandwich that was over cooked and the bun was to hard to eat. I will not be coming back here.
4	When we arrived, the waiting area was packed! The wait was estimated for a 15-20 so the men decided to grab a bloody Mary and us ladies took a few pics and next thing you know we were being seated. Once we sat down our server came over immediately and took our drink orders and I chose to get one of the specialty drinks that came in a neat souvenir glass. Everyone had pretty much decided what was being order and from then it was on!- Sage chicken and waffles that include, Two sage fried chicken breasts with hardwood smoked bacon waffle tower, hot maple reduction and fried leeks -AWESOME SAUCE-Corned Beef, red onions and Swiss cheese  -AWESOME SAUCE-Griddled HH meatloaf & 2 eggs served with mashed potatoes, fruit & biscuit - Now of course my husband had to be different and go against the grain and order this and he  was disappointed but he is lucky I love him so I shared my chicken and waffles and hash with him (yes I order both, I mean you only live once right)The portions were huge and it took us the rest of the trip to finish it! This has been added to my favorite places to eat in Vegas.
4	Huge huge huge portions!  There were 10 of us the came here for lunch.    Seated us fairly quickly. All of us got different things and the portions were all big enough for three of me. My wife and I had the 24 ounce bloody Mary's called the BLT bloody with bacon lettuce tomato and a piece of toast. Tasty but not fantastic. I got the pork tenderloin with eggs Benedict on top of it covered the entire plate. Again it was good but not fantastic. Service was really good and fast. Next time we're definitely getting stuff to share.
5	Amazing!! Only waited 10 minutes on a Thursday morning around 10am.  I had the man vs food chicken breast eggs Benedict and husband had roasted chicken hash.  Good price, awesome food, awesome service, and huge portions.
4	Bloody Mary's are really really good. I had the corned beef hash. I would probably get the chorizo one. That one was better because of the chorizo flavoring! Bacon waffle is awesome.
5	Now that's ALOT of FOOD! Hope you're hungry. Anything you order is excellent! I always get the banana French toast, it is VERY good! Also the hot chocolate is excellent, come with 4 jumbo marshmallows in the cup to give you an idea of how large it will be. :) Everything is YUM!
2	Party of 9, high expectations. The good: Large portionsGood coffee drinksChicken and wafflesMashed potatoesThe bad:Bloody Mary'sEggs Benedict (Man vs Food)Mimosa (light on champagneHash Special - too complicatedPrice - OverpricedThe average:ServiceAmbiance End result - Two very rowdy bellies.
5	Long wait & a little difficult to find but worth it. Large portion size, great service and the food taste amazing.
4	Hash House A Go Go is definitely a new favorite of mine. We stopped by for dinner before our evening outings. The place was only at 50% capacity,  but for some reason as a table of 7 we were forced to wait 15 minutes. Our server was very cheery and helpful but service overall was quite slow. He would linger for too long when we didn't need him, yet completely disappear when we required something. Very annoying. Service: D+ (-1 star for that)I ordered the Tractor Driver combo: two eggs + sausage accompanied by one gigantic pancake. Opted for the brown sugar banana flappy for an extra $1. Eggs and sausage were nothing special, but that pancake was absolutely insane. 1.5 feet in diameter with at-least two bananas inside! Tasty but overall too sweet, and too much of it; like trying to eat bananas foster alone for dinner. I barely ate half of the pancake. Thankfully the girlfriend's [chicken] breast was the perfect savory item to balance my sweets. Delicious with yet again very generous portions. I'd be tempted to order this next time. Others ordered the chicken pot pie and meat loaf: only good things to say about them. Even the kid's cheeseburger looked decent and large enough to satisfy the average adult. Everything was reasonable priced as well. Most items were $12-$20. Very impressed. Food: A-**Tips-Don't be the fool that fills up on those delectable honey biscuits. -If your name isn't Takeru Kobayashi, you're not going to finish your food. Don't try to be a hero, son. -Not in the mood to devour a small animal? You better split something. Definitely A Go Go for me!
3	Pretty large portion size for a reasonable price. May want to share with someone. The food is your typical brunch foods like chicken and waffles, pancakes, sanwiches, biscuit gravy type of deal. The wait can be long. Also there is no phone reception so if you are waiting and are trying to reach the rest of your party that is gambling good luck with that because they won't seat you until your whole party is present.  Overall this place is ok, there are so many more grand options in vegas for brunch why limit yourself eating here?!
5	Oh my goodness the food was really good. I got the chicken and waffles that order was enough to feed two. The chicken was crispy and seasoned. The waffles were fluffy and yummy. Oh and the strawberry kiwi drink was great even the large piece of watermelon was sweet.  We won't talk about the wait but it was worth it.
4	YUM! Hash House A Go Go is definitely worth waiting for!! Even though there is always a giant line, we are always seated in a decent time frame (once for just two of us, which is much easier, but the second time with seven of us - which I considered a miracle that we were seated in just over a half hour). HUGE HUGE portions. My husband and I split the Sage Fried Chicken Benedict and still didn't finish it!! I even had to leave mashed potatoes, my favorite thing on earth, on the plate because there was no more I could do without exploding! Everything on the plate was giant but still super tasty and well made. I feel like places with huge portions always have middling food, but Hash House definitely doesn't compromise flavor for size!! My husband got a crazy overflowing giant coffee drink. It was good, but I preferred my grapefruit mimosa. They have lots of different juices you can order for your mimosa, so that is definitely a plus! One of our friends was concerned that his breakfast only came with one pancake... once it came out he was concerned that his breakfast came with a WHOLE PANCAKE. Those things are not only giant, but thick and super filling (I don't think he made it through even half of it!). The pumpkin pancake that another friend got was AMAZING! So delicious. Definitely make time for this breakfast. It is great if you are hungover, and if you aren't, you can order a drink while waiting. If you can split with someone, though, I highly recommend it - for your own safety!
4	Yum!! Heard about this place on the Food Network and had to try it. I was not disappointed.  We arrived around 11 and the place was crowded as expected and we were told it would be a 30 minute wait for a party of 4. But 10 minutes later we were seated to my surprise. Every dish that went past us looked so good. We started with Bloody Marys and Mimosas which was good. Although the Blood Mary is very spicy so if you are sensitive to heavy pepper than this might not be the one for you.I had the Indiana Favorites Andy's Sage Fried Chicken and eggs and it was as good as it looked. The mashed potatoes and biscuit were good and eggs were cooked perfect over medium. Huge portions are big enough to share or eat half and take the other half for later. My son had the Sage Fried Chicken Benedict and he said it was awesome. He doesn't normally eat spinach but he ate the spinach in this dish because the food was so good. This was the definitely the best meal we had this trip.
4	Pretty great food. I can see being a local, getting one meal here and taking home enough for at least one more meal. My pumpkin pancake was wonderful. It took up the entire plate. I ate about half of it. The chicken Benedict dish with the chipotle sauce was great, the sauce tasted bland at first then just a minor bit of heat followed and made it really nice. All the food was great. Service was hit and miss. Like any big place you have multiple workers coming to your table. We also saw other workers who were really personable. The server for our table was at times testy, maybe is the best word. At times he was really good, at other times he acted like he couldn't be bothered. All and all very glad we went here. My best advice? Bring lots of people and order 1/2 that number of meals.
2	Went to the one in Vegas at like 4 AM and had really high expectations for this place. I prefer breakfast food over lunch food so I was really excited to try it especially with it being featured on the Food Network. My friend and I split the corned beef hash and it came out and wasn't what I imagined corned beef hash to be! There were chunks of meat instead of slices of meat and it didn't look appetizing at all. It also didn't taste good! The portion is huge so maybe that's why a lot of people really like it. Would never go back here again.
5	A must visit while in town. BEWARE The portions are huge! Make a reservation! We order andys chicken and it was more food then the two of us could eat. There was so much food and it was so good. I wish i ate there everyday. Ps the pancakes are massive, falling off the plate huge.
5	There isn't a bad thing to say about this place. The place was packed and the wait was only 30 minutes which is great, and the service was fantastic. We shared the Andy's Sage Fried Chicken and still couldn't finish it. The portions are huge and price is fantastic. It's a must try! I will be back!
2	Went here late night going for some good eats, but was very disappointed to find out that they only have 1/4 of their menu available. Everything was super unhealthy but my fiance and I ordered the 2 healthiest items we could find. Unfortunately, the salad was horrible, poor quality lettuce, excessive cheese, funky tasting turkey. My boyfriend ordered their basic breakfast with egg whites, which was good but how could you mess that up!?... needless to say, I won't be going back.Giving them 2 stars for having a delicious biscuit and good service.
4	Pancakes were good and breakfast bacon was on point. Service was great. Long line for breakfast, however the line moves relativly fast. Hotel was under construction and no clear signs on where to go but that is not the fault of the restaurant. other than that GR8 Place to get your vittles.
4	Food was amazing!Portions were ridiculously huge and our waitress was probably the nicest person I've ever encountered! It was pretty pricy but the portions are so large you can definitely split a plate.
3	We got two recommendations to go here so we schlepped over our last night in Vegas. The hubs HAD TO HAVE the BLT Bloody Mary, which he reported as being delightful.This place is perfect if you have no feelings of guilt that children are starving in other areas of the world and PERFECT if you want to get so full that you hate yourself. Unfortunately I felt super guilty about the amount of food left on the plates and the cost of the meal.
5	Food was awesome.   Your can purchase drinks while you wait.   Bloody Mary's were tasty.   One we sat down.. the waiter came right away.   After we ordered. . We didn't expect so much food. . Portions were huge. . Well worth the money.
1	Ewww found three fingernails in my eggs. When I asked for a new plate they acted like I was completely unreasonable. Do you even know how to breakfast? Insanity.
4	I enjoy eating their fried chicken and waffles! plates are served in big portions and they have  great customer service. this place never disappoints me!
5	First let me say that I love that his location serves brunch until 5pm! I wake up at like 2pm so this was hugely convenient to me.One of my best friends tells me all the time how good this place is and I'm happy to say I agree. The portion was much more than I needed but it was all so delicious I nearly ate all of it. The eggs were perfect, the crispy potatoes were great (they aren't hash browns. The waitress told us they don't carry hash browns), the biscuit was huge and they did give me strawberry jam so I don't know what the person below means about no jelly. The only problem we encountered why my boyfriend's bacon was a little dry but as soon as he told the waitress, she came right back out with new bacon and he said it was perfect. Speaking of the waitress, she was wonderful. i believe her name was Heather if the management happens to read this. She answered  my questions and explained everything in great detail so I really knew what my options were. She had a great demeanor and was probably the best waitress/waiter I had in Vegas. I will definitely be returning on my next trip. And being 24 hours is a huge plus!
3	Great presentation and service. Overall a fun location. I'm sad to say that the hammered pork sandwich was very bland. Not bad, just flavorless. How something that looks so amazing/intimidating can taste like nothing is beyond me, but the only distinct flavors were the pickles and ketchup. I guess that's what I get for ordering something with "Indiana" in the name! Prices are right and I did have a good time. I would consider going back for some late night short-order breakfast.
3	Not too bad, but not amazing. We came here early on a Friday and waited for a while to get a seat. We ordered Andy's sage fried chicken and the veggie hash. Andy's fried chicken: The sauce was pretty tasty, but it was mostly cream. It was some kind of hollandaise sauce. I liked this better than the hash. Chicken and biscuits tasted good. Overall, I'd probably order this again. The portion is also humongous and can be shared between 3-4 people, so it's a pretty good deal for the price. Veggie hash: pretty bad. The potatoes were soggy and the seasoning was subpar. Don't be fooled that you'll get a crispy hashbrown-like dish. The potatoes are in cubes. Overall, I don't mind giving this place another shot or coming here with friends if we want breakfast or late night dinner on the strip. It's a better choice than I-HOP or Denny's.
3	HUGE PORTIONS!!!Long lines! Surprising since it is inside Imperial Palace, now the Quad. Service was good.House Hash Roasted Chicken - $12.95 - Chicken was a bit dry and under seasoned. Veggies were cooked decent. Potatoes were crispy but had no flavor. Biscuit was fluffy.  House Hash Corned Beef - $12.95 - Beef was good but could have been griddled more crispy. Cheese on top was melty. Potatoes were crispy but had no flavor. Biscuit was fluffy.  Sage Fried Chicken & Waffles - $14.95 - Chicken was nice and crispy. Waffles have bacon cooked inside of them which was different and yummy. Needs a ton of maple sauce cause it gets to become dry really quick. Overall the food is typical huge brunch dishes that are cooked decently but are bland.
4	A LOT OF FOOD!!! If you are starving and want a lot of food worth your buck, come to this place. Anything you order will be a giant serving! Prepare for a wait though. This place is very popular.
5	My husband and I ate here 9/29/13 and boy was it fabulous! I got the tractor combo (eggs.sausage.and French toast!!) Yummy! And my hubby I believe got the man vs food favorite but I'm not 100% sure (biscuits. Chicken fried steak. Chipotle sauce) ...the portions are huge and it was so cheap!! $30 for both ..even IHOP costs more! Highly recommend this place wish we had one in our hometown.
1	Walking through all of that construction.  Areas that should have been blocked off by the casino, we're open and we ended up near very dirty areas that were quite dangerous. No signs with directions to where you're going. Now to Hash House A Go Go. I'm not sure if the food is good or not, and I'm bummed with the experience i received here. LOUD music that was a bit much. People were watching football and you couldn't even hear them cheering. The bitch calling out reservations on the loud speaker, was way too damn loud. So if you're hearing impaired or like that noise, try it out. The staff is obviously ill mannered and lack education, and definitely don't understand customer service.  They stood around the host desk, singing and dancing and ignoring customers coming up to make reservations. Oh and did I mention that it smells like a club. The cigarette smoke was gross. Enjoy!
4	I thoroughly enjoyed this and would have more if it wasn't such a goddam zoo inside.The wait is long and slightly chaotic but hey you can still get some drinks while you wait which I find super awesome.  That said the bloody Mary's were great! Spicy though so keep that in mind.I got the corned beef hash and loved it- a lot of tender corned beef with perfect amount of cheese. Boyf got the fried chicken with maple and mashed potatoes- really tasty! Observing other diners though, next time I defs gots to get a Benedict. They are massive and topped with creamy looking goodness.And our waitress was such a sweetheart and managed expectations upfront by letting us know how long the food would take (40 min).All in all, if you have the the time (wait to seat, wait to get served) and the appetite this is a great spot. Will def come back next time I'm in LV.
5	Delicious. .. but huge portions.  Share them.  I had waffles with bacon. So good.  Friends had scramble with potatos....excellent!  The other had sage chicken man v food. It was huge!  Had a little kick to it. .. but really good.  Get there early. ... there was a huge line to get in.
4	Huge proportions and great tasting food, that came out fast and hot. We waited 30 minutes on a Sunday morning but it went by quickly because we went downstairs and gambled. Give your self plenty of time when coming here because the service can be kind of slow.
4	Stayed at The Linq Hotel this past weekend during their official re-opening (formerly The Quad hotel) for my friend's Halloween Bachelorette Weekend...while my hotel stay was awful, Hash House A Go Go was probably the best part of my stay at The Linq! lolAfter returning to my room from a night out and realizing that I was STARVING, I decided to head down to the lobby around 4am and see what was open and order food to bring back to the room. I was thrilled to see that the restaurant was open 24hrs and was directed to the bar to place my take out order. The restaurant itself didn't seem super large but had a cool, comfortable and casual vibe. The late night menu wasn't extensive, but it had just what I was in the mood for...Steak & Eggs! For about $15, the special came with a boneless Rib-Eye steak, Scrambled Eggs, Mashed Potatoes & Biscuit. I also ordered an Orange Jc which came out to like $6! If I had known, I probably would've skipped the juice. The wait was a bit long for my order, but when it arrived I remembered to ask for butter & A-1 sauce for my steak before I returned to my room to dive into my food. Of course I wasn't expecting the plating to be as beautiful as the pictures I've seen for the regular dishes served in the restaurant (lol), but when I opened my take out container I was NOT expecting that much food!!! LOL The portions are HUGE! Two people could've easily shared the meal for sure. First of all, my steak was perfectly cooked, flavorful and SO delicious. The scrambled eggs were large, fluffy folds and were really good. The mashed potatotes were thick, well seasoned, tasty and could probably feed an army. And the best thing next to the steak was the biscuit. The biscuit was BIG! It was soft and slightly doughy in the middle (but in a good way!)...it was so perfect with the whipped butter! I was in heaven and really glad that no one could witness me eating this amazing meal in my hotel bed! Looking forward to returning here and actually dining in the restaurant!
2	Oh really? 4 stars? How? I ordered the sage chicken. It was dry... Rosco's in LA is so much better... or maybe I'm just spoiled by Rosco's... and Popeyes... Popeye's are better than dat piece of dry meat that I had on top of that mountain of bacon waffle.. which is pretty good... so next time. I would stay away from dat sage chicken and get that waffle at the side.. oh.. chicken pot pie sucked too.. Marie calendars would be better... sigh.. what a let down. We waited 2 hours for dat...
3	I'm still not totally sure how I feel about this place. The portion sizes are definitely outrageous. No one should ever be able to finish their plate here. The food was all OK, but nothing really stood out besides the size of everything. I guess go here for the novelty, if you are super hungry and have 6 other people with you to share your plate.
5	Artery clogging, jolly good time having everything at this place.What can I say about Hash House that i'm sure hasn't already been mentioned a mouthful of times. See what I did there? And seeing is believing when you see the portions here. Holy macaroni!Ginormous portions. Crazy delicious food. Delicious boozy drinks. Fun atmosphere. While the portions were clearly more than either of us could eat, and we could have shared a single item... then why are you in vegas if not to indulge and go overboard? I felt zero guilt only eating a third of my plate and giving the rest of it to a hungry homeless person on the strip. Why not? If you come here on the weekends, especially during peak meal hours... expect to wait! While the wait may seem daunting, it went faster than expected. Talk to people in line with you, meet new people. It's fun. We met a couple from the UK there on vacation. Super awesome accents.... but I digress from the topic at hand. Hash House! Huge fan of this place. My waistline and taste buds thank you hash house. Well done.Side note: chicken and waffles is a winner. winner, winner chicken dinner-- er breakfast! p.s. sneaky bacon slices in the waffles! Meatloaf breakfast thingymabob was also bomb. Oh, and the drinks. Yea the drinks. Do it.
1	I am so disappointed. I have heard such good things but after last night I will never come to this one again! I came here with my boyfriend and my family because there were in town staying at the hotel. First off the hostess looked and sounded stoned as well as being on her cell phone as we were leaving. Next, our server had no idea what "on tap" meant as well as not knowing what beers they had. The biggest issue we had was the fact that they brought each dinner out 10 min apart... There for 4 of us so by the time everyone finally had their meal the first order brought out was cold. As if that wasn't bad enough I had to grilled salmon and it was so dry I was eating off my boyfriends plate instead... I will NEVER come back to this particular Hash House again I would also encourage anyone else that is considering going here to avoid it at all costs. So not worth the money!!!!
5	Okay, tons of food and at a reasonable price. Presentation is great, the wait is usually long; but worth it. Leave with a full tummy and a big smile!
5	Delicious. .. but huge portions.  Share them.  I had waffles with bacon. So good.  Friends had scramble with potatos....excellent!  The other had sage chicken man v food. It was huge!  Had a little kick to it. .. but really good.  Get there early. ... there was a huge line to get in.
5	Place is great had to wait on a Friday morning but worth the wait!!! The sizes are extreme, had to share with my friend and still took left overs back to the hotel! Definitely not a place if you are on a diet or even don't eat much!
4	This was my first time eating here and it was very good. The location is hard to find but if you know what your looking for pretty much anyone can tell you where to go.    The atmosphere is cool, much like everything in Vegas. The food was strange but very tasty. Everything seemed kind of mushed up on one plate, but eaten all together it had a really good flavor. The portions are very big so it's easy to share. Overall I would recommend  eating here for breakfast and some solid food.
5	Great meal after our Vegas Ragnar experience.  Gary was spot on not only with his recommendations and with his service and his personality. Delicious and wonderful.
5	Love Hash House! It is by far the best breakfast restaurant in Las Vegas! The servers are outstanding- shout out to Gabby and Gary for the great service. Be prepared to wait but grab a Bloody Mary or tangerine mimosa and enjoy the people watching!
3	Great food, open 24/7!  No wait - large dining area!  Lots of great items on the menu - We had the pancakes bananas foster- large enough to share for 2....My only wish is, that this place was accesible from the street; it took a while to get there through the casino... but well worth the journey!
2	There is a lot of food on the plate, but it is really just average. The Bloody Mary was fabulous, but nothing about the food would make me want to come back again.
3	The staff here was great; part of our party was running late but they worked with us to maintain our reservation.  The wait staff was very friendly as well.  That said the food was rather bland.  They bring a lot of it, but it is quite average.Certainly not a place to avoid, but it shouldn't be high up on one's list.
5	This place is ah-mazing and you will NOT regret it!! I highly recommend splitting a meal with a friend, as the portions are HUGE. My Mom and I split the sage fried chicken and waffles and we BOTH got a chicken breast and two waffles. No one can eat an entire entree. The plates are the size of serving trays. I am not exaggerating. The food is fabulous. The sage fried chicken was a unique flavor. I really enjoyed how crunchy the batter was. The waffles had bacon in them. Who doesn't like that? Seriously it was a wonderful, flavorful, exciting meal. We were so full that we didn't eat again until dinner time. My fellow diners all enjoyed their meals except for the corned beef hash. I was told that was less then good but not terrible. The bloody mary's are incredible as well, served with a large piece of bacon, it's a meal on it's own. Go now, do not pass go. Eat here!
3	Got here on a busy Sunday for brunch and there was a huge line, I expected that. I didn't care because I love brunch and I've been dying to try to this place!! Once we got seated, the waiter took drink jerseys and recommended their kiwi watermelon lemonade so I ordered one because it sounded amazing! I mean, who doesn't like watermelon?!?!  However, I was a little disappointed with the drink because it was overly sweet from kiwi syrup and I couldn't taste any watermelon. We ordered the chicken hash and fried chicken Benedict. It took them 45 mins to bring our food out and I was not a happy camper. Good thing the food was delicious and the Benedict even had a kick to it! Just like all the other reviews, the portions were huge! You can easily order one entree and share between two people. I was so full from this meal this ended up being my only meal for the day. I was feeling unhealthily full. Overall the food here was very good and definitely worth trying out at least once. I personally will not be back any time soon due to the wait time for food and how unhealthy I felt after the meal.
4	You never have to walk around hungry in vegas, and the latest addon to join in central strip is this 24-hour chain. Located inside Quad, soon to be Linq Hotel, you will see a escalator right in the middle of the Casino floor, which will bring you to the goodies upstairs. Menu will leave you with a lot of different options and new flavors. And if you never been, you should ask for some suggestions or maybe go with the marked favorites. Its a laidback atmosphere overall and you shouldnt have to bring your fanciest wig to stay safe (Although you can, since its vegas).Whichever you decide to order, you will not be served an ordinary dish. It will be presented in a magnificent way, probably somehow include waffles even if its main, and HUGE! But dont be intimidated by the size of the portion, this is the place where you dont have to be afraid of asking for a doggy bag.Prices are cheap, service is cool and the place is opened 24/7...How could you complain?
3	Food was okay as hard to screw up waffles with bacon cooked inside.  Service was frentic and I was sitting at bar and it took almost 30 minutes for that aforementioned waffle to show up. They recommended people to order before even could get a seat at the bar.It is interesting to see that a town that built itself on the cheap steak and egg buffet is not serving up trendy farm to tablish breakfast places where one dish cost more than the buffet used it.Overall not worth the wait as almost rather gotten hot cakes at a local mcdonalds then eat here.
1	This place has horrible service! Won't seat till full party there so give away your spot and no cell service nothing like the one on Sahara! Don't bother!
3	Hash House is a chain and the location on the strip is upstairs in a semi sketchy casino.  The decor and menu make it seem like it's farm fresh but it's definitely not - don't let them fool you.  The portions here are disgustingly large - each can be shared by 3 - 4 people.  The price is incredibly cheap compared to most Vegas prices though.  The food was decent, but really the appeal is the size of the plates.  Definitely makes you feel like an ass when you walk outside and there are homeless people though - be a decent person and give them your leftovers - there will be a lot of them.
5	THE RESTAURANT IS IN THE LINQ HOTEL (formally The Quad Hotel)  and boy..... the food is no joke!!! Its pretty darn good!!! But make sure to bring your 3rd and even your 4th stomach because the portions are so huge that it can feed 3 kids or 2 avg size adults!So my boyfriend ordered  the Andy's sage fried chicken with fresh spinach, hardwood smoked bacon, tomato, griddled mozzarella, chipotle cream and scrambled eggs... which was the "Man VS Food" favorite...I was totally surprised that even my boyfriend couldnt finish it!  I ordered  the Crispy hand hammered pork tenderloin with tomato, spinach, bbq cream and scrambled eggs.  I never realized that pork tenderloin could be so huge!!!  So good but I only ate a quarter of it Overall the waiter was great and polite.... only had a 10 min wait cuz we came around 8am...by the time we left the restaurant,  the waiting area was SO FULL!!!--- and mind ya it was a Monday morning!!! I would definitely come back...but ill make sure to share food with somone !
4	Lil bit different than the last time I was here.....no selling of the bloody Mary's while you wait. Booooo! I just thought I'd ask about half portions but noooooo. Whatever, it kinda worked out, because it seems to me as if the portions were brought down a notch or two. But they can and should be shared. I had the smoked salmon egg white scramble with Brie cheese & griddles mashed potatoes.  It was ok but I should've gone with my first mind and got the chicken salad....next time, cause i will be back!
5	I've eaten at Hash House before and it has always been great, but this review is all about the service.  Feeling a little hung over after a long night on the strip, i stopped in to get something hearty and delicious for breakfast this morning and Hash House was an easy choice.  When i looked at the menu I was a bit overwhelmed, as everything looked good.  This is where this excellent service came in to play.  After alerting my server, Sarah, to my dilemma she was able to suggest the perfect breakfast and experience.  She suggested I start with a peppercorn vodka bloody mary as an appetizer, which was ideal for my situation.  It was a total clutch move, Sarah is clearly a pro.  And when it came to my other beverages, my coffee and water were never empty as the service was very attentive.  For my main dish, Sarah suggested the Chorizo Hash, which was perfect.  It was also huge, and I only got through about half.  We ended up bagging up the remainder and I was assured the hash would make for an excellent left over meal.  Sarah was so in point with her suggestions, attitude and attentivness, I was happy and knew that I would be well taken care of everytime I saw her awesome red hair and smile come from around the corner.  Thanks again.
3	Underwhelmed.  Waited for about an hour just to be seated.  We ordered the Chicken and Waffles and honestly, it was pretty mediocre.  The chicken was solid (crispy skin, white meat, good flavor) but the waffles were horrible.  Absolutely no flavor.Honestly, it didn't live up to the hype.
5	This is the perfect end the night restaurant. I try to come here at least once when I'm in las Vegas. Beware the portions are HUGE! They look likea 4000 calorie beautiful nightmare. complete alcohol soaker, follows by a food coma.
3	The food at Hash House A Go Go was really good.Unfortunately, we had to wait a really long time to get it. It's awesome when a place is popular, and I don't mind waiting if the expectations are set right. But the staff at Hash House A Go Go was severely underestimating wait times and discouraging people from leaving the lobby of the restaurant. This was undoubtedly costing revenue from the casino, where people might have entertained themselves while waiting. Perhaps a cell phone alert system would help Hash House A Go Go manage the wait?Once we were seated, our excellent waiter promptly warned us that the kitchen was operating on a 45 minute delay. This was annoying, but since the waiter set those expectations, we were able to cope.The food arrived and my God, these portion sizes were out of control. I could easily have shared my meal with 1.5, maybe 2 other people. There was so much food that I couldn't stop feeling guilty about the inevitable waste, because even if scrambled eggs reheated well, I had no place to refrigerate them in my hotel room. The pancakes were the size of vinyl records, and my biscuit was bigger than a regulation-sized softball. It was insane.All that said, the food was delicious. Really good! My chicken hash was well-seasoned and the hash browns were crispy on the outside, soft on the inside, and the huge side of fruit was fresh. My husband's bowl of oatmeal, aside from being giant, also came laden with tons of fresh fruit. We all liked our food.If Hash House A Go Go got their queue style in order and reduced their portion sizes to something resembling a responsible serving, they'd easily earn 4 stars from me. As for now, this is place I'd enjoy going again but wouldn't bother waiting in that line for.
4	First tip.  Sit at the bar it's not worth an hour wait if there are just 2 of you!  The bar tender is quick to the point and makes the experience great!  The portions are ginormous!  We thankfully just ordered one item.  The sage fried chicken Benedict.  It's a total twisted giant plate of food.  My only complaint is it's served with scrambled eggs.  A runny poached egg would've sent me into a food coma :) the ambience is weird but food is fun!
3	Wooooow the portions are sooooo big!!!! Everything you order is oversized!!! I couldn't finish a thing, which would've been nice if I had somewhere to take it back. But we hit the road right after (not smart, as we all got struck with massive food coma after our meal here), so unfortunately a lot went to waste :(My friend and I shared the chicken and waffles. The fried chicken was nice. Crispy skin, juicy meat. Very enjoyable. The waffles were whatever. I expected a lot more out of them, but they're just waffles. This dish comes with a lot of just random things on it, I suppose for aesthetics. But you will really just ignore all that filler stuff. We just had to try it because it was a famous dish at a famous restaurant. 3/5 ratings because it wasn't amazing, but it was still good.The wait was long, so they were giving out free mimosas and bloody marys! We were still recovering from our weekend.. So we really didn't take part in that offer.. But I thought it was nice. The atmosphere is very loud, and the waiters are always hustling. I recommend sharing your plates, because the portions are seriously gigantic. Don't know how one person could eat all that food!
5	This place is insanely good.  While waiting it was fun to take a picture with the Bull Statue near the entrance and read all the plaques on the walls from who had been there.HUGE PORTIONS! - So be warned! I am from NJ and am used to diner food (large portions of home cooked comfort foods), but this was diner portions of creatively delicious comfort food. (they deep fried pasta!)I would definitely go again!
4	Our server Katie was very knowledgable on the menu, she gave us some recommendations on the favorites. I ordered the HH meatloaf and the BF got the #5 burger. The portions are really big. I ate probably only a quarter of the entree and had to take the rest home. They bring out biscuits before your meal. Delicious.
5	A hidden gem and quite possibly the best breakfast I've ever had. I got the sage chicken and waffles and my girl go the brown sugar banana pancake with eggs and sausage. Everything was absolutely unreal and the portions were too big for one person to finish on their own. The bloody Mary's were also a hit. Will frequent every time I end up in Vegas.
4	I really wish I would have read the reviews before I came because the other 2 people at my table could have all shared one plate of food! We came here after a morning of roulette and the wait was about 30 minutes on a Thursday around 10am. It was pretty busy but it was fun looking at the wall of famous people who have been to here to eat. When we sat down, our waiter came over immediately to get our drinks. I was so overwhelmed looking at the menu, I really wanted to try it all! I ended up getting the sage fried chicken and waffles, my fiance ordered the Andy's fried chicken benedict and my dad got the cobb salad. Oh man, the portion of all the entrees were crazy. I had no idea how big they were until we ordered and we started seeing the waiters bring it out to other tables. My fried chicken was very delicious and juicy. I loved the bacon waffles..I mean anything with bacon is good. I really liked the chicken benedict also, the sauce that comes with it with the mash potatoes is perfect. I demolished my fiance's mash potatoes. I only could eat one waffle and one chicken...it was huge. The cobb salad was also huge, it probably could have fed a family of 5. After the meal, you definitely have to walk a couple miles to get rid of a piece of fried chicken. It was worth the $10-$15 an entree.  I will be sure that next time I go, I'll probably have to share with people at my time because it ended up being a waste of food since I couldn't finish it and my hotel didn't have a frig/microwave. Overall, the service was great and food was delicious. Will for sure come back next time.
5	legit food! breakfast was insanely good!Got a skillet, wife got monster sized waffles. Good coffee too!
4	I had the eggs, sausage, biscuits, and crispy potatoes. Price was a bit on the high side, but not out of the ordinary for vegas . Egss were good, sausage was pretty bland. Biscuit was large but lacked flavor. Service was great and they were really busy.
4	Tried the Sage fried chicken Benedict due to the Man vs Food recommendation. Kids had the blueberry pancakes. Way too much biscuit for the Benedict but the taste was good and portions were pretty amazing. Great service too.
5	Came here yesterday for Thanksgiving brunch. We put our name down because we were told it was a 45 min to an hour wait. We walked around the new hotel LINQ and then went back after half hour. We were seated shortly after. Service was excellent!!!  The food was awesome, my son and I got the fried chicken with bacon waffles.  It was SO GOOD!  Hubby had a BBB sandwich which was good too but our dish was awesome!   The chicken was juicy and hsd a great sage flavor. The waffles had a long slice of bacon in each waffles. I can't wait to come back!  Just be prepared to wait.
5	Portions were outrageous.....got 2 meals out of the flap jack combo (brown sugar bananas). Everything was delicious down to the homemade biscuits.  Reasonably priced for being on the strip as well.  Expect a wait in the morning hours but we'll worth it!
5	Definitely a must have, you can't beat the portions and variety. Most amazing breakfast ever!
3	Ordered steak n eggs, seeing the black angus cow I thought it would have been good. Unfortunately it was to chewy n greasy. Service is ok, but kinda slow. The biggest issue I had was the location. Kinda dark, no windows or good lighting and there's strong muggy/rosemary scent in the air.
5	Firstly, this restaurant is in The Linq Hotel, formerly The Quad. Expect a line. Waited only about 15 minutes to be seated, though. Greeted by Tony our waiter who was really warm, friendly, sincere, and knowledgeable. Ordered the Sage Fried Chicken and Waffles. Massive is an understatement! The only thing is that it came out kind of lukewarm. But the problem was rectified REALLY fast! Tony put in an order for fresh chicken. Then the manager Eric came and asked if everything was okay. He was a class act-very attentive, friendly, and responsive. I explained what happened. The next thing you know lickety split...new fresh hot plate hand delivered by Eric in 2 minutes! Problem solved! The chicken and waffles were really tasty! The sweet and savory is a great combo. My girlfriend and I shared the plate and STILL had leftovers!!  Late night munchies-problem solved!!Thank you Eric and Tony for making our experience nothing short of wonderful!
5	Oh god I wish we had this place in  Vancouver, BC! I LOVED IT! My friend and I heard alot of good things about Hash House A Go Go so we had to try it out! Knowing it was opening late at night was a plus too! We went there after a long night of partying. We ordered the Chicken Benedict and the Chicken and Waffles and shared both. We got the chicken benny first and my lord it was amazing! My taste buds were on another level! My mouth is watering just thinking about it now haha. This had a layering of heaven! It has mashed potatoes on the bottom, with a huge piece of fried chicken on top of it, then hardwood smoked bacon, tomato, mozzarella, scrambled eggs with chipotle cream sauce on top.. HEAVEN! Shortly after we got the Fried Chicken & Waffles. It has two fried chicken breasts with hardwood smoked bacon waffle tower, hot maple reduction and fried leeks. By this time we got pretty full and only finished halfway and packed the rest to go. The portions were huge and sooooo good! We ended up going there twice.. I really wanted to go a third time haha!
5	Hungry? Well this place have delicious food and huge portions!! The atmosphere is great and everyone is nice I would definitely come back when I visit Vegas.
4	A must-have if you're on the Las Vegas Strip.  They do get busy.  Luckily, it wasn't too busy when we got there...around 11:00am.  They said it was a 30min wait, but we only waited like 10min.  Get the Chicken and Waffles.  The serving is enough for 2 people unless you're really hungry.  Their stuffed burgers are big...two burger patties.  We also  ordered their Corn Beef and it was good.  It had good flavors.  We will definitely return.
4	It was my first time eating at Hash House at this location. Everything was great. Our waitress Bri was attentive and friendly. Our drinks were always full and the food came out in a timely manner. There was five of us for a Bachelorette brunch and I expected it would take a lot longer for the food but we waited no more than 20 minutes. I ordered the French Toast and it tasted amazing! Another great thing about this location is that they're open 24 hours. I will be coming back. Great food with great service.
3	We arrived at 8:00am and got a table right away.  The term 'hash' is somewhat misleading here (at least in my book).  The meats are chopped or shredded up and then served over a bed of crispy potatoes and topped with eggs.  It's not your typical hash that most of us are familiar with.  Prices a bit higher than most breakfast joints, but the portions are very generous.  Hubby went with the corned beef hash and I ordered the egg whites scrambled with smoked salmon and onions (plus 'tons of fruit').  The corned beef hash was tasty and lots of it.  Hubby managed to plow through about half before tossing in the towel.  I only got through a third of my scrambled egg whites before getting full.Now, the really excellent item was the single, house-made biscuit that came with Hubby's breakfast.  It was flaky, buttery, and just darn delicious - especially with house made jam.  We just couldn't finish, so had them box it all up with every intent of taking it back to our time-share and heating it up for breakfast the next day (forgetting, of course, that we already had reservations for brunch).  Ended up giving it to a homeless gentleman that was rummaging through the trash pulling out partially eaten McDonald fries.  Hopefully, he enjoyed it as much as we did.
3	Stop with the Christmas tree in the chicken and waffles please. Kept it simple.
5	I cannot say how impressed I was with this place.  First of all there was no wait which was already a good sign (or because it was 9am and most of the folks that went out the night before just went to bed an hour before that)...we get seated and about 3 minutes later, our server greets us.  Nicest guy ever.  Customer service is huge for me.  My cousin told him it was my birthday and he told me happy birthday and offered me a complimentary shot of whatever I wanted.  I'm sold! I ordered the chicken and waffles and OH.EM.GEE!  BOMBdotcom...I didn't even feel guilty about all of the calories because 1. it was my birthday 2. who the hell cares when it comes to chicken and waffles and 3. ITS VEGAS #turnup.  I will definitely be coming back to this place on a regular when I go back to Vegas.  Forget the buffets, this is really all I need and its way cheaper.  We went to Ceasar's before this and the buffet was $50 (but then again, it was Thanksgiving weekend).  Thank you for the excellent service.  I hope you guys keep this type of customer service consistant but I have a good feeling about it.
4	If you're a fan of unbelievable breakfast, don't look any further than HH. On a recent trip to Las Vegas, we needed some great food and a Bloody Mary to cure the blues from the night before. The portions will satisfy even the largest people on the planet. Think of a pancake as big as the turkey platter you just used. Yes, that big. They also offer tons of other plates equally as large, so bring your appetite.The ambience is very "farm-like" so if you're into tractors and combines and such, you'll feel right at home. Everyone that works there is dressed the part and is as friendly as you'd expect from Indiana or Arkansas. Service was prompt and courteous. Very important for me- if you're not a fan of Starbucks, Hash House will make you a much better cup of coffee to go. They score extra points for that in my book!
3	By far the best bang for your buck on the Strip. $15 for the most humongous plates, like chicken and waffles? That's why there's always a line here, even at odder times of the day. But still worth it because you can probably share the dishes and be full! They are indeed that huge.That said, we paid decently on the cocktails, and I didn't really like my electric blue sports drink cocktail (forgot the name). I think out of my friends, we only got 1 drink we liked. The waffles were pretty good, but I found the chicken to be pretty dry. Probably because I'm from the South and love my fried chicken juicy and greasy, but oh well.
4	It is a definite place to go to when you are at Vegas. It has been featured on Man vs. Food and you have to try the Benedict entree. It is big so if you want to share then that is okay. For me, I am a hungry guy and it always make me full and is delicious in taste. Do come here and try their food!  It can be a little pricy but definitely worth it!
5	Amazing! Always a long wait but worth every second. So much food you can share. We love breakfast and lunch. The drinks at the bar are a work of art!
4	Every time I go to Vegas, I always want to stop by in this restaurant to eat and to take a break from all the gambling.  It's always busy in here but it is always worth the wait!!After waiting for about 30 to 40 minutes, we were seated and then we were greeted promptly by out server.  She was really nice and she was patient with us since she probably could tell we were a little hung over from the night before.  She recommended the bloody mary to help!!  Cool points to her for that.  I recommend trying their hash dishes.  You won't be disappointed.  I actually love the corned beef hash.  Remember, the portions are big and you probably won't be able to finish all of it.  Another dish I tried before is the sage chicken and waffles.  That was also another huge plate and the chicken was cooked perfect over a great tasting waffle.  They also make great drinks!!  If you're not yet drunk from drinking while you're gambling, try the drinks they make here.  If you're hung over still try the drinks here.  You know the saying, the only way to cure a hangover is to drink more.  Great restaurant.  Great prices.  Great atmosphere!
3	In Vegas, wherever you can find cheap and large portion places is filled with people. we arrived this breakfast place on a Saturday noon around 11am, and the wait line is about 1 hour and 15 min long for two people. Well, I guess people here have nothing else to do, so the wait is tolerable. Since there is no where else you can find easy meal, we decided to wait. The restaurant is actually pretty big. A lot of people. Serve is fast though. The food took about 20-25 min to arrive, so that part was not too bad. But the food itself was not that great.We had a mojito, which was pretty strong and tasty. The food indeed came in huge portion, but the taste wasn't that great. We tried the french toast, which was lack much flavor except for the sweetness from the syrup. And my omelette with mushroom was very plain as well. Not taste of the egg. And the potato on the side was not crispy and not so great. The only highlight was their homemade strawberry jam and whipped butter. Those help the plain food to be more tasty.This is Vegas. Line up for the not so great food only for the big portion and cheap price.
5	words can't express the taste buds in my mouth. .everything so fresh and hot..this place is amazing the staff is amazing and honest. the drink or incredible. .i love the side glass...can't wait till we return
4	Never disappoints. First time at the Vegas location. It's open 24/7 which I like. Had pork tenderloin sandwich and French toast tracker. Portions are huge!
5	This place is fantastic!!Food-AwesomeCocktails-AwesomeStaff-AwesomePrice-AwesomeYou get plenty of food and the place is clean! Gary our waiter was amazing, fast and very easy on the eyes. He attitude and kindness was the frosting on the cake!!**********
4	If you're looking for a good meal that is farm fresh come here.  This is not your traditional coffee, eggs, and toast farm fresh meal it is  much more.  The portions are huge also, I recommend splitting a meal with someone.  Be prepared to wait though as this is a really popular place both times I have been here I had to wait about 30 minutes.  Once I got inside it only took about 20 minutes to get my food once I was seated.  They have really good Bloody Mary's lemonades and chocolate milk.  I recommend getting Andy's sage fried chicken - spinach, hardwood smoked bacon, tomato, griddled mozzarella, chipotle cream and scrambled eggs.
5	We met with family here for breakfast.  The portion sizes are ginormous. Their servers are friendly, The food is great.  There's not much that doesn't come with mashed potatoes.  Nobody was able to finish their food.  If you're a healthy eater,  order a lot of ala carte. The eggs were great,  and the hot chocolate was out of this world.  It's hard to find if you're not familiar with the area but if you self park at The Flamingo and walk straight through their casino,  past the Flamingo Habitat,  you'll see The Linq across the street and it's right inside. The escalators are marked HASH HOUSE.
3	Large portions for a reasonable price. Not amazing food, but it was good and exactly what we needed after drinking all night. This place is definitely a must for drunken nights and hangovers.
3	Really good when you feel like splurging and gorging yourself. Lol. The biggest servings of crazy concoctions, don't ask about calories or fat content. Better suited for those with a gall bladder.
2	Had the Sage Fried Chicken Benedict and it was very good, but the service was flat out horrible.  40 minutes to get our food and the beer that i ordered when i sat down.  The place wasnt all that busy either.
5	When I'm craving breakfast at anytime of the day I instantly think of the typical IHOP, Denny's, or some nearby casino cafe. Well now that I've officially dined at Hash Hash A Go Go I'll instantly think of here. It's breakfast 24/7 with huge plates.It also happens to be on the Vegas Strip. The portions are no joke humongous come here to stuff your face bringing someone to help eat is recommended. I believe they were also featured on some travel channel or food network show which is always cool.Sage chicken benedict http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/hash-house-a-go-go-las-vegas-5?select=cGsK1B1Z519hdfb6YeX3HA it's a must here so delicious.The corned beef hash http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/hash-house-a-go-go-las-vegas-5?select=_OC3pVhtKBDqgIhJeCqMPA was pretty good too. It came with eggs and a huge biscuit.And dont forget the softball sized biscuits drenched in gravy or not but why wouldn't you drench them in.gravy it only makes sense to.How about those huge French toast and pancakes. The French toast http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/hash-house-a-go-go-las-vegas-5?select=T-5Gzq0cSGBQN5dOBAVIOw was covered with nuts, whipped cream, syrup, and powdered sugar. And those pancakes seemed almost an inch thick and was almost as large as the plate it was served on. They offer different flavors, like pumpkin! Customer service was excellent. We were in and out with no problem. Our server, forgot his name, was such a character made the whole experience even better than what we'd expected. The price is reasonable for the amount of food.Considering I had just eatan at a Xmas party maybe an hour ahead then unknowingly demolished a whole plate here the food has to be good. I'll definitely be back. Maybe they'll take that Groupon I bought a few years back for a location that closed at M casino.
4	Wow, server steve was outstanding. Gave us newbies the best advice.  Didnt want to waste time, so quickly asked, "whats your favorite on the menu?", and this dude knocked it outta the park. Worth a good tip indeed.  Did the andy sage chicken thingy.  Jen had the chicken and waffles.  Frickin huge.  Solid service, great food, great tastes,....all as advertised.  Coffee was excellent, large OJ was large, water was cold and filled quickly. Food hot, delivered quickly, and man did it hit the spot. We beat the crowd and showed up ona Tuesday am at 1030.  Thought it was a good move, and it paid off.  Will visit again.  Valet parking at Rio the way to go.  Duke the valet, and you get solid directions.
3	Huge portions, and open 24/7.  The food was just okay, nothing unforgettable. There was no waiting at 230am!
3	I was really looking forward to Hash House. Everything was good, but sadly nothing was great. Our server was friendly but with an agenda. There were two items he recommended - chicken and waffles, and the fried chicken benedict. I wanted the former, so that was fine. But David, rebel that he is, wanted instead a combo of fried chicken, eggs, bacon mashed potatoes and biscuit. Our server tried hard to steer David back to the benedict - "you have to trust me on this". But it wasn't what he wanted, and he stood firm. Substituting sausage for bacon was not allowed. Maybe that's what happens when you wander off the recommended path. My chicken was very generous, and I loved the fried leeks on top. One piece of chicken was very good, the other had some soft and chewy bits and just didn't taste as good. The waffles were ok, but nothing special. David liked his chicken, but thought the potatoes were uninteresting and the biscuit heavy. On the way out we reminisced about an amazing breakfast we had on our last trip which was to Seattle at Lola. This wasn't that. It's an interesting breakfast place but not a great breakfast place.
4	Hash House gets a solid 4 stars from me because my first visit was 5 stars, and my second visit was 3 stars. However, the inconsistency is something to say in itself. The first time I visited Hash House was in San Diego where I decided that it was the best breakfast I've ever eaten. I can't remember what I ordered since it was awhile back, but that feeling of satisfaction has never left my mind. More recently I went to the Vegas restaurant, eagerly awaiting my breakfast bliss once again as I climbed up the escalator @ Linq. This time, I was much more disappointed. I got the chicken rosemary hash and unfortunately the chicken was dry and bland. The eggs were ordinary. The only thing I loved on my plate was the huge flakey biscuit with a huge stick of rosemary speared through the middle.Note, they dont take reservations so you just have to wait.. and wait... and wait... Their seating area isn't huge so be mindful of the time if you leave the seating area and hang out in the casino.
5	This place is awesome! !! The size is ridiculously big for its price. First time to Vegas,  this is the only wow experience food restaurant.  Though the line is long but we got lucky to get seats very quickI ordered a pork chop which is bigger than my face!!. For its price, it come in very very huge size. The picture provided did nor serve justice. I would suggest if you're not big greasy eater, order something to share! Save stomach for something else if possible.
3	GREAT service, GOOD food, MEDIOCRE cocktail (bloody mary's are premixed, supposedly every morning, but it was super watery). We had the popular Sage Fried Chicken & Bacon Stuffed Waffles, and ordered a side of eggs & a homemade biscuit. Hubby loved it, I thought it was just good.  They do have AMAZING  tasting syrup, haha, yeah that stood out to me, weird but true :)Would go back, but personally I'd try a benedict or omelet next time.
5	The service here was great!  The food was even better, though.  It is comfort food, but done so well!  The sage fried chicken tastes like you're biting in to Thanksgiving.  The side of salmon that my friend ordered with her salad was huge and delicious.  It was better prepared than what she had at Craft Restaurant the next day, and it was a fraction of the price.  These people are clear about what they want to deliver and then do it with excellence.  Well done!
5	Yes.....Yes.....Yes.....Yes.....Yes.....Yes.....Yes.....Yes.....Yes.....Yes.....Yes..... thats all I have to say about that!
4	Food itself is 3-3.5 stars, but the prices bring it up to a solid 4.Compared to everywhere else in Vegas, it's a good deal!Cons:- Potatoes are not particularly crispy.- Only hot sauce is tabasco.- Smoked salmon in smoked salmon scramble came out cooked, not lox-style.
5	We shared a GREAT meatloaf scramble with mashed taters...enough for 4 people. .Steven, our server, was always there with fresh brewed.  Just a yummy fun time...we come here on every visit to Lost Wages.
4	Had tried to come in for lunch but it was smack in the middle of lunch rush on Saturday and opted not to wait an hour for a table. Instead, we came back that evening for dinner. Ambience is very casual for a place where the food can actually get pretty pricey. However, it is very good, and the portions are TREMENDOUS (we made one giant to go box and gave it to a homeless man on the strip). Fiancee ordered the chicken and waffles and could barely eat half of it. I myself had the blackened chicken skillet and only made my way through 3/4. Chicken was nice and tender for both our entrees. Friends ordered the NY Strip and it was actually a very impressive steak for a place like this. Service was so-so but we didn't expect a whole lot so not a big deal.
2	Was not impressed in the least! Yes, the portions were huge but the condiments to go along with it were incredibly skimpy. Very overpriced for the quality of food. What I go back? No, not at all.
4	Good food that doesn't feel/taste like all the other casino places.  Fun atmosphere and awesome waiter equates to a 4 star rating.  I'd go again and you should give it a try...enjoy!
5	The ultimate locale to get fattening food in Vegas (and San Diego). I got their fried chicken tower with waffles, and it was delicious! The fried chicken was huge, but juicy throughout and very well-breaded. The waffles were crisp, and the bacon inside added a good meaty taste, I was wondering why IHOP doesn't do that too. The hashes are very tasty too! The price isn't cheap, but for the portions you get, you can get two or three meals out of a plate. Expect a long wait unless you go super late at night, it's veryyy popular.
1	Place has the weirdest foods which makes it harder to order something DECENT. And the lady that calls up the party's for their table is one of those very rude employees that scream in a rude tone. And on the way out I within a couple feet and she screamed "mike party for 5" and I almost went deaf. And floor is oldish and weird decor.
1	Zero star not worth the 2 hour wait. The service was really poor. I made eye contact so many times because the food took so long about 30 mins. The chicken and waffles were really floury. This place is overrated. They advertise with yelp. Why would a good restaurant pay for yelp?
5	Awesome food and awesome service.  We arrived around 8:45am on a Friday and waited about 20 minutes, not too bad.  Our server, Lonzo, was quick and knowledgeable.  We ordered the famous Chicken and waffles and the corned beef hash breakfast.  Both did not disappoint.  Hash House A GoGo is WORTH the wait Vegas Diners!  It is inside the Linq Hotel, on the second floor.
4	Wow! Lots o food!! Very above average, order 1 meal for every two people. If you don't walk away full...you must be a bottomless pit! Lots o carbs...cures a hangover!
3	This place gets two stars from me for being open 24 hours and a third star for good service. However, just based on quality of the food, I'd say, one star. Portions are huge but the food has no taste. May be they figured the "late late night" diners don't care. I had a bacon/avocado scramble. It was very bland and felt like someone threw in all the leftovers into the pan. My husband ordered a Benedict. And wow, we were speechless. This mess of a plate had a biscuit, scramble, deep fried battered chicken, and mashed potatoes.  It was nowhere near a Benedict and was disgusting. Even the parts of the dish alone were not that good. I guess this dish's big claim to fame is that it was featured on Man vs. Food. I'd say you are better off eating at a fast food place.
4	Went here around 11ish the morning after Christmas and the wait for a party of 4 was about 30 minutes or so.  Not too bad considering how packed it was!A solid 5 stars for the food!!  We ordered the chorizo hash, the bacon/avocado scramble with griddled mashed potatoes, sundried tomato/goat cheese scramble with crispy potatoes, and the brown sugar banana pancake (a must-try!).  The portions were HUGE and awesome.  The 4 of us were starving when we came in and barely finished half of all the food we ordered.  Definitely recommend sharing!Minus 1 star for the waiting area (very cramped and not a lot of space to sit or stand while you wait), noisy (the hostess screams the name of each party as tables become available and it can get annoying...also difficult to hear her over all the people...they should use a microphone/speaker system).  Also, the restaurant itself was kinda dim/dark and not the cleanest.  Service was okay, not great, not horrible, but got the job done.Overall, a great brunch spot with great food (and portions), if you don't mind all the noise!
5	Sage chicken and waffles are divine and feed 3-4 people. The waffles have bacon in them! Pancakes are gigantic! We take all of our out of town guests here... especially late at night!
4	Huge portions and tasty!  Pancakes are the size of hubcaps and usually when its about quantity taste gets lost but not here.  Everything is big besides the scramble.  It was suprisingly small.  Service was great both times we went.  Once mid day and the other 2 am.  Late night it's not a full menu even tho it's open 24 hours.  Great coffee and bloody marys.
5	Great food and plenty of it. Fried chicken and waffles was great. Upon seeing the size of the portions, 4 of us ordered 2 dinners and left food behind. Highly recommended.
2	This place has huge portions, seriously, share. I had the Sage fried chicken and waffles. They were great, although the fried leeks were a strange flavor addition. Blood Mary's were perfect and very spicy. The prices are great. Why would they get two stars then? Our waiter, Ricky, on 12/28/14 was high as a kite it seemed. I'm not sure what was wrong with the guy, but kept thinking he had made a mistake and then would come back and ask if he did it right. His eyes were glazed over and his speech was slurred. He introduced himself four or five times. He got worried about splitting our bill three ways. He had no idea that he had already brought our food properly. Get it together, Ricky.
2	First, You need to wait 20 minutes to get seats, then the nightmare just begins.  We waited for 1 hour to get our food. Besides, the food is not worth the wait time.
5	Yummy, yummy for the tummy!!! The chicken and waffles are a must have!!! My new favorite spot in Vegas. The food is fresh and fabulous.
5	When we first came to this restaurant, there was a long line of people on the outside of the restaurant, waiting. We were expecting a wait time of around 30 minutes, but in 10 minutes, we were in the restaurant. We ordered the watermelon lemonade (non alchoholic), their famous chicken and waffles, and their fried pork tenderloin sandwich. The watermelon lemonade was okay, it was slightly sweet with lots of watermelon pulp at the bottom. You had to mix it with a straw to have the perfect sip. Both the chicken and waffles and the pork tenderloin sandwich were massive. The chicken and waffles consisted of two giant pieces of chicken on top of four waffles on the bottom. The chicken was very crisp, tender, and juicy, and the waffles were very soft on the inside and crisp on the outside. The waffles even had bacon baked into them, which was a huge plus. The pork tenderloin sandwich was massive. The size of the fried pork tenderloin itself was four times the size of the bread that held it. The pork tenderloin was very crisp on the outside and juicy and tender on the inside, just like the fried chicken on the waffles. All of the food combined could feed a small army. Will definitely be coming back.
5	This is a favorite of my wife and I. As always, bring your appetites!  The flapjack is roughly 12" diameter. The brown sugar banana flapjack is to die for.
4	Chicken and waffles was great! Me and my boyfriend shared. The biscuits are good. The hot chocolate was huge and yummy. We went early around 9 am and there was no wait. After us there was a whole lobby of people waiting! Restaurant is 24/7.
5	Worth the wait! Food comes out fast, huge portions and delicious! If you don't want to wait, eat at the bar and try one of their awesome drinks :)
5	It you like tasty gigantic portions at a fair price hash house is it the place for you. First of they prepare everything from scratch so it takes awhile to get it. But when your food comes to your table you can help but to drop your jaw and take a picture. I orders the snickers pancake (yes I said snickers) and the chicken & waffles tour.  The waffles had bacon fused into them give you the sweet & salty taste that's amazing  the snickers pancake was as large as a pizza. It was large and thick and tasted so good it makes you wanna slap your mamma !!!! Def wanna go back
3	This is a really cheap place to have really filling food. You will wait an hour at least but its worth it since there are not a lot of places in Vegas where you can have a decent breakfast. It is located inside the Linq hotel, the only downside to this place is that it's located above a casino and the entire wait I the lobby and the entire time you eat all you smell is smoke. It's kind of hard to enjoy your breakfast when you're inhaling smoke in between each bite. My advice would be for the owners to invest in a better air filtration system for the dining areas so patrons don't have to inhale tobacco while downing a bacon filled waffle.
5	Wow. This place is amazing. I don't like breakfast for various reasons. The main one being the options. When I travel I usually skip it and do an early lunch but I gave this a try because of the reviews and the time constraints we were under. Best eggs and breakfast potatoes I've had by far.The biscuit was also really good. Skip being robbed by a buffet and come here instead you'll love it. Please bring one of these to Atlanta!
5	Here's another awesome restaurant in the middle of the Vegas strip. From our initial table request to paying the final bill, the experience was exceptional. The portions are HUGE so I split a breakfast meal with my sister. My husband and brother-in-law both enjoyed an awesome Bloody Mary and breakfast meals. I would definitely recommend, would return on another visit, and give this overall dining experience the highest review.
5	Do not go here for brunch if you're in a hurry cause it's usually an hour plus wait. Everyone is hankering for the BLT Bloody Mary that is a meal in itself I suppose. Or the chicken and waffles that comes in a portion so big it fed me and 2 friends (and we had left overs!) I am southern and this place offers a comforting taste of home. But mind you comfort food is code for fat food! I don't recommend if you're on a New Years resolution diet kick. I just didn't dig  the giant piece of sage they use to garnish their dishes-it overpowers the food and makes it smell and even taste like a Christmas tree. Ask for them to 86 the sage or take an allergy pill before you go!
1	My family and I were there on Tuesday (December 30, 2014) and just wanted to let you know that the food was excellent and Yvette was an amazing server. We were a party of 12 and do understand that it might be difficult to accommodate at times. The hostess (I think her name is Dylan -- long blonde hair) was not the most pleasant. For someone who works the hostess desk, her attitude and demeanor are not the best first impression of your establishment. Sad to say, she was just plain rude. We understand that she can't sit our party right away until everyone got there, but she could have informed us that in a polite manner.  I work in healthcare and deal with people as well. From my experience, one unpleasant interaction impacts an individual's overall perception of that experience. I just want to say that it might be a good idea for Dylan to go through a customer service class to better her interactions with your clients. Thank you so much.
5	Absolutely the best service and the best food. Never disappointed when I come here. We had 4 different plates of food and each one was incredible. Our waitress was fabulous! She was always 1 step ahead of us. Shout out to our wonderful waitress Sarah M!
5	Excellent! Big portions and plenty to bring home! Had the Caesar chicken salad and an outstanding Bloody Mary! Probably the best one I have ever had! Husband had the stuffed meatloaf. Also excellent. The service was outstanding. Very pleased with this place and can't wait to come back! Looking around at all the plates going to the Other tables is fun! All huge portions!
3	When you get in you kind of feel like you're a cattle herded up a rickety old escalator and into a small rectangular room with no windows. However you're greeted with some jolly hosts in Pajamas and super hero gear, in what seems to be some kids dream/ nightmare. While you wait youare offered a mimosas and bloody marys. The bloody mary , costing 10 bucks is HUGE.When you sit down you'll notice the shoddy halogen lighting and lack of decor, but that all doesn't matter when you get your mountain of food.I would recommed just split one thing for two, or if you want to feel like a fat king or queen or prince or dutchess, just order one of these monster plates for yourself.For vegas its more for taking photos, but at the same time you can pay a little more for a buffet. Food is solid and tasty. But its nothing you can't find in a smaller portion at KFC or Dennys.
4	Hour an half hour wait to sit and get food. Was it worth it? Every delicious bite? So why so not five star? We did wait 1.5 hrs. But it is ridiculously delicious food. Beware, very large portions. You will be in food coma right after. We got the fried chicken Benedict. I personally hate fried chicken but it was on food network so had to try it. I would def recommend it. DELICIOUS!!!
3	Temperature of waiting area and restaurant waaaaaay too warm. Kitchen management poor as food for our group of 5 came out in spurts. Waitress noticeably annoyed with the kitchen. Food over-all average/good (but not nearly as good as HH in San Diego; where's my biscuit with honey?) Biscuit and butter sans butter. Side of biscuit and gravy with about half of the volume of gravy needed to satisfy the biscuit and my appetite. Two children ordered cereal which came out in large Hash House sized bowels but, alas, filled no more than a fifth of the way at best and served with a scientifically measured 1/2 cup of milk. Good if you want the experience of large portions of twisted farm food, but my feeling is that high production volumes have lead to lower quality product as compared to other HH venues.
3	We ate dinner there. The portions are huge, at lest twice the size of regular portion. We wish somebody had informed us of that, we would have order half of the food. Chicken pot pie was very good. Burgers, kids and adults were OK testing but the quality, we thought, was lucking. We ended up with bunch of burger leftovers that nobody wanted to eat next day. If you want to eat on budget and don't care much about the quality of food you just have to share the portions and you get a good bank for your buck.
3	I'm never impressed by quantity over quality but I really wanted to like this place. The wait was 90 minutes for breakfast so we went and gambled and returned in 75 minutes $150 richer. Score!  So, we're all riding a jackpot high ready for some good food. I was drawn to the Benedict menu, while my dining partners had sage chicken and corn beef and cocktails. Maybe it was the alcohol -- they loved their food but I was greatly disappointed (drinking coffee).  I had the HH original that was supposed to have tomato cream sauce. I was unpleasantly surprised to receive a plate covered in marinara sauce; eggs, mash, biscuit covered in marinara. The biscuit on it's own-delicious. The mash-yum. The combination?  An utter failure. Where was the cream sauce?  My recommendation, drink heavily or win the price of the meal and you won't care so much.
5	Amazing service. A waiter named Travis really made the meal great. Food is absolutely delicious. 5/5
5	I've been here several times and am just getting around to writing a review because I recently went during my annual Vegas trip with my mom.  I've been wanting to bring her here because she loves to eat and hasn't tried anything like this before.  Needless to say she was pleasantly surprised.  Every time I come here, I usually get the sage fried chicken and waffle but I just determined that I don't like the sage too much and the chicken in my opinion is a little too greasy and makes my tummy hurt.  I got that for myself and my mom got the deep fried pork loin benedict dish. I'm not sure the official name for it was but it was wayyyy better than the sage fried chicken and waffle. I would highly recommend that!!  Portions are hugggggge and a dish can be shared among 2-3 people or saved for left overs. Totally worth the price and so so so yummy!!  I will be back again to try something new!
3	I came with a party of 10 and it took a little over an hour to get seated. It didn't feel that long because you can kill time walking around the strip. From the pictures the food looked amazing but when it actually came out we were not impressed. I ordered the sage fried chicken which came with a biscuit, bacon, two eggs, and mashed potatoes. Everything on the plate was piled on top of each other so the syrup on the chicken got on everything and made the bread on the fried chicken soggy. It also mixed in the mashed potatoes and eggs. I didn't think the fried chicken was as amazing as people said it was supposed to be. I also ordered a mimosa which was pretty good but not worth $8. The biscuit was super dry and we asked for butter but the waiter forgot and never brought it. One of my friends ordered a corn beef hash and it was overloaded with cheese. She ended up only eating a couple bites which was such a waste since, like everyone points out, the portions are huge.
4	Large amount of food and you will be stuffed upon leaving. Staff very friendly and nice to work with when ordering and during the meal.  HEATHER S. was order server and see did and understanding job.  BBBLT is worth trying for lunch.
5	This place is amazing. Best breakfast I've ever had. The food is beyond good. Delicious! The service was great. The waiter was friendly and knowledgable. Went over the menu with our large party and answered everyone's questions. He even explained that they don't use heat lamps and that everyone 's food would arrive at different times as it came fresh out of the kitchen. The portions were enormous - but we were all fairly warned. The price was more than fair for the amount of food you get and everything was just incredible. What a treat!
3	Came for brunch.  Wait was quick since one of our friends got the gambler's card perks.  Ordered the corned beef hash.  Portion was HUGE but food was average. The wait for food was a bit slow but the waitress said it was because there were some large parties ahead of us.  This would be a good spot to cure your nasty vegas hangovers.
4	OMG.....PORTION ALERT, wear stretchy pants folks!!!!!We were there on the morning of January 6th, I had the "Man vs Food" recommendation. Portion control is not a consideration here, value for the money is most definitely alive a well here. Our server "Sarah" was a real pleasure, very knowledgable and not afraid to make a recommendation, in short, she nailed it. Food was great despite knowing it would not get finished! Quick service and well presented.....thanks to everyone there.
4	Came here first thing after landing and we were all quite hungry. It was around 11am and there wasn't too much of a wait, and we got seated within 15 minutes. It was a little confusing to get to, but after a bit of directions from the concierge, we figured it out. Most of the complaints about this place stemmed from the wait, but I guess you just have to know when to go.Anyways, we had heard of the huge portions at Hash House a Go Go, but you really don't understand how big it is until you see it in person. I got the sage fried chicken with the bacon waffle stack, and it was enormous. A kid at the neighboring table go the same thing, and it was as big as his head. I eat a lot, and I was not able to finish it. Thankfully, our hotel room had a full kitchen, so we could store and re-heat everything we didn't eat. The fried chicken was on point, and the waffles, albeit a little soggy after awhile, were delicious. There are a lot of other fried chicken dishes, like the benedict, so you can't really go wrong.  I was also able to try the chorizo hash, which packed a good punch, and the pork tenderloin sandwich, which also was humongous. Biscuits were buttery and not overly dry and the gravy was pretty peppery and flavorful. Prices were decent and the service seemed a bit on the slow side, but not terrible. Definitely a good alternative to the many buffets on the strip, and you'll be just as full and satisfied. I will definitely be back next time I'm in Vegas.
5	Okay... This place is amazing! Went here two days in a row. I can't find it in myself to order anything but the fried chicken benedict. Griddled mozzarella, mashed potatoes, fried chicken, bacon, sliced juicy tomatoes and fresh spinach, over a biscuit... Topped with chipotle cream sauce. Excuse me, diet what? The portion is HUGE and it's impossible to eat all of it, but it is just too good not to order. Also tried the caramel mocha which was really tasty... Not a big fan of the BLT Bloody Mary. It was way too weak and not enough spice but to be honest, the food and service made it a perfect experience both times.
4	I love this place for breakfast!  Haven't had any other meal here but I'm sure it's just as good as the breakfast since there's always a pretty long wait no matter what time you come!The food definitely deserves five stars but I'm rating the entire experience so I have to knock off a star for service.  I think you're pretty safe to order just about anything on the menu and it will be wonderfully satisfying.  To me, the Hand Hammered Port Tenderloin is the absolute best choice and I've ordered it just about every time we've been here!  I take the liberty of sampling everybody else's choices though so I've eaten quite a few menu items.  No matter what I order though, I'll make sure it comes with the mashed potatoes because I tell you what, those are the absolute best!Service however isn't the greatest.  It's sort of slow and sometimes really really hard to get!  It's always packed and I understand they are busy but maybe management needs to have a few more workers on the floor that can actually help the diners.  There were four workers cleaning tables and sweeping the floor that couldn't even fill our water glasses!  The servers are also pretty territorial and really won't help unless you're in their section.  That being said, they are all super friendly and smile a lot so it kind of makes you not realize you're not being helped!  It's definitely not bad enough to make me ever say I won't return, it's just not that great and people should know what to expect so I'm throwing it out there!Make sure you are hungry when you arrive and don't drink too much either because the portions are enormous!!  I'd say share an entree with somebody else but darn it, then you wouldn't get to sample more of their great cuisine!
