5	I've lived in the valley for years and struggled to find a salon that could offer me the atmosphere and quality of service I was used to receiving in Chicago. Not only did I want to find a salon free of the typical "gossipy salon" vibe, but I wanted a stylist that would educate me on how to care for my hair - - I found this in Kim, co-owner of the salon.Apricot Lounge Salon is an intimate salon located in the heart of Old Town that delivers big results. Kim and her co-owner Vanessa literally transform hair. They cut, style, color, do weaves, relaxers, the official Brazilian blowout... everything! Consultations are free and I'd highly recommend giving them a call and scheduling one. Stop in and get a feel for the salon and stylists and see what options would work for your hair.
5	This is a fantastic salon because the 2 owners work together with their 2 assistants.  It is small and they cater to you as an individual.  They show respect and are not "high up on their horses."  They listen to what the customer wants and suggest what they think would work best for the client's hair.   They are both exremely talented stylists and colorists.
5	I went here in 2010 at the recommendation of someone with similar natural hair to mine(3d/4a/4b). She had a Brazilian Blowout and was able to retain her curls thanks to the expertise of the stylist at Apricot Lounge Salon. This salon is very professional, courteous and are experts at what they do. I not only got a Brazilian Blowout at this salon but also a nice hair color/shine treatment. Although I opted not to continue with the Brazilian Blowout due to chemical content concerns, I highly recommend the Apricot Lounge Salon to anyone of any hair type that wants great hair in a great atmosphere.! They are Top Notch!
5	Great salon. Very clean. Vanessa is a talented stylist.   Received a  Brazilian Blowout and  was extremely pleased with the results.  Online appointments and the intimate salon environment added to my great experience.
5	No joke, every woman in my family has had her hair cut by Kim for about 14 years. My mother swears by her. I moved away for college and it took me about five years to find someone that i was as comfortable with, and now she moved. So i'm back home for a visit and going straight to Kim.
