5	I had some weighted silver compote dishes from the 1930's which I wanted to sell. They were somewhat damaged and was having a hard time selling them as is and decided to liquidate the silver for cash rather than sell the set as whole pieces. Turn It To Cash is located in a small strip mall on the west side of Arizona Ave in between Ray and Warner. The strip is easy to pass up if you aren't familiar with the area but there is a good amount of parking in the lot. They close at 12:45 to 1:45 every day for lunch and we got there right at 12:40 and were greeted nicely by all three people working behind the counter. This place isn't really a pawn shop. They don't buy electronics or loan money. What they do is buy gold, platinum, silver and diamonds. I imagine they might be interested in high quality stones such as rubies, sapphires and emeralds as well but only if they were serious quality stones. They test all the precious metal you bring in and give you the fairest market value they can explaining everything the whole time. The pieces I brought in were weighted and they use weights to calibrate the amount of actual silver in the object you are trying to sell, do it right in front of you and explain everything the whole time. The thing I was most impressed about was the excellent partnership and respect they show for everyone walking in the door. Many times when you visit liquidators like this establishment they start down talking your stuff the minute you put it on the counter. This is the first place I've ever been to where the attitude was not at all condescending and where you really felt you were getting the best deal you could. They couldn't have been more polite. They gave me a fair value for the 2 pieces and paid me in cash on the spot. I will go back to this place if I need to liquidate other silver pieces and also to have other metals tested. I really feel like these are people you can trust to do right by you and they do it with a smile! I would recommend them to anyone needing to sell old silver, jewelry or other precious metal pieces.
4	Great knowledgable staff. Best price for your gold!! I went somewhere else first and was scammed on my gold weight. The people here are honest. Thank you!
5	These guys are top-notch!  Do not go to a Pawn Shop and get a crap rate for your gold and silver.  These fellows are honest, quick, knowledgeable and very freindly!  I have definitely found my local spot for gold and silver!
5	I took my mom in here today to get some old jewelry turned in and the lady in office Ruby (hope I spelled it right) was very helpful and honest with my moms pieces of jewelry and gave her a fair amount for her gold and Indian jewelry. I high recommend this company. There family owned and very nice. Tested everything and gave her a check on the spot. Thanks Ruby for your help.
5	Brought in some items to sell and was fortunate enough to meet with the owner.  He was very thorough and explained how he tested the items and exactly what he was doing.  He tested the items right in front of me and even shared his eye glass to show me what he saw to teach me.  Excellent experience,  very honest.  They buy all kinds of jewelry,  not just gold.  Highly recommended to anyone. Received check on the spot.  Thank you! !!!!
5	I saw that this business had just a few reviews but they were good so we decided to take in some misc odds and ends of jewelry.  I can say I completely trust these people!  They tested everything in front of us and explained how the different karats of gold work and we could see for ourselves their honesty which is rare these days.  They did not pressure us to sell even after they went through our items. They are very kind, sincere and I would not take my businesses anywhere else.  We were paid on the spot  via check which we deposited within the hour and no issues. I highly recommend this company!
