5	We used Mexican Tile and Stone to tile our entire house, and we couldn't be happier. The owner, Joe, was really patient in dealing with a number of problems we had getting things done in time for the tile, and was very flexible and professional. He had to come back a number of times when other contractors didn't get things finished on schedule, but was very understanding. His designer, Robert, created a beautiul layout, using different patterns of saltillo to do some really great details that really make all the difference in how our house turned out. The company is not cheap, but is still reasonable, and after using many different contractors, on the 4 houses we have remodeled, you really do get what you pay for. I am really glad I used this company, and highly recommend them.Carolyn LeBlanc
5	We are keeping it LOCAL.*will post pics when completed
1	I did buy some tile here, but would only do it again if I was in a hurry.  There are other tile stores in town that carry much of the same merchandise, and their staff was much more helpful at helping me find items in their stores that they thought would meet what I was looking for.  I had to aggressively engage the sales girl here twice during my visit just to get some attention.  If I had a couple weeks to wait for the other stores to order my tile, I would have saved about half and been treated better.  Mexican Tile & Stone had what I wanted in stock, so I paid full retail prices to get it.  Paying such a premium I mistakenly thought I'd get a premium product, but much of it had serious paint and/or glazing defects requiring me to rifle through the supply in their warehouse to get tiles that didn't look significantly different from each other.  Before this last step, the sales girl had made sure to have me sign TWO waivers about these being hand-made tiles and that I should expect variations.  Variation is one thing, and in the QC world variation has an acceptable tolerance range. Many of the tiles they tried to send home with me were downright defective and unquestionably outside any range of acceptable variation.  There weren't enough of the "good" tiles for my project, so I took a few of the best of the bad and had my tile installer mix them in the project so they weren't so visible.  However, I notice them every time I look at it and it really bugs me I spent full retail for these tiles.  Definitely a lesson learned by me - build enough time in a project to pick out materials from a different tile store and have them ordered.
5	The is the greatest company, my first experience here was fantastic. We wanted to add tile to the exterior of our home to trim around the windows. They had a great selection of tiles, we took samples, chose what we wanted and returned unused samples. It was painless and the quality was good!
4	If you are looking for Mexican or southwest style tile this is the place to go. They have a product range for all budgets.   They have samples throughout the house that give great ideas for application.  Not all products are available to view but thier website is more comprehensive.
