4	I was shopping at Costco when I started to feel hungry reading the ingredients list on a two-pack of fresh 7-cheese tortellini I spotted in the refrigerated section and suddenly remembering that I needed to get rotisserie chicken for Mom.  I decided to hurry through the register and buy the non-perishable items and head over to Pasta Pomodoro (near the Chandler mall) to feast on a Mista side salad and an appetizer of roasted butternut squash ravioli with a toasted sage brown butter sauce (half-priced during happy hour!).  Imagine my surprise and disappointment to find that Pasta Pomodoro has left shop and is replaced by Nouveau Bistro. I was still a little confused as to what had become of Pomodoro, and as I walked toward the entrance of NB a man, who turned out to be the manager Scott Stevens, met me outside and gave me a warm greeting.  I asked when did the old resto leave town, and he informed me not even two or three weeks, but he thought that he had some great food to offer at the new place.  Now I must admit that I was pretty disappointed I wouldn't be able to taste that wonderful mista salad (with glazed pecans, gorgonzola cheese, and the awesome balsamic vinaigrette) nor the delicious ravioli again (to be honest, all I was after was the toasty sage leaves that came with the butter sauce...), but I digress (and you knew I would, didn't you?).Am I glad I gave NB a try!  There were a few appetizers that looked appealing, and after a few seconds vacillating between the grilled scallops and the roasted asparagus, the scallops won.  It came with the description of "jerk seared, with a tomatillo chipotle tartar sauce on top of cabbage slaw, red chili oil, and avocado."  As I was sipping on a glass of chardonnay, I looked over the surroundings and noted that other than the presence of a few cool paintings on the walls and easels, the resto looked like it did with the same tables and chairs, and even had the same register set up as the old Pomodoro.  I inquired as to when the grand opening would be, and Scott informed me that it would be somewhere around Nov. 14-15.  Many minutes went by as I listened in on some political chit-chat among the manager and staff.  I even met the "sort of" owner Charlie Seo, who told me he and his wife used to own and run the now closed Zest Spirited Dining in Phoenix.  Looking over Zest's menu online right now, I see that he had been telling me the truth when said that NB's menu offers many of Zest's selections (including the Shrimp and goat cheese melt, eggplant cheesecake, and the grilled scallops I was waiting for).  Being 5'-tall, hungry, and sipping on wine, I had to ask whether or not NB had complimentary bread for customers to nibble on, because I felt a little tipsy.  Thankfully, I was handed a few slices of delicious rosemary bread, which everyone should note are only brought to the table by request (I suggest you do!).  The scallops were fabulous!  The tomatillo chipotle tartar sauce was actually composed of two sauces, spicy red and creamy white, side by side.  Three jumbo scallops sat atop of the red sauce with a few toasted wonton triangles covered with glistening, but crunchy slaw that tasted heavenly with the creamy tartar sauce.  I REALLY wished I had thought of taking a photo of the dish.  I truly enjoyed the varying textures of this dish, and the rosemary bread came in handy as I enjoyed dipping it in the two sauces.  And yes, I know I'm a bit eccentric when it comes to bread- both Charlie and the server commented on the way I ate only the crust and left the soft bread on the plate.  I gave the soft bread a chance, Charlie, I really did, but I'm still a woman who loves crunchy foods... they help to relieve stress!Even I'm getting tired of typing up this loonnnggg review (as I imagine you are in reading it), so I'll just end it by tipping my hat to Nouveau Bistro and its staff with those terrific grilled scallops, flavorful rosemary bread, and a slice of rich orange-cranberry cheesecake.  I will be back to try the Market seabass entree... the "spicy jack cream sauce" is calling my name!P.S.  NB will also feature live jazz music starting at 6p towards the end of the week.  Management is still working out the details.  Charlie tried to make me hang around to experience the music tonight, but I had errands to attend to.  For those who'd like to try lunch here, NB is only open on Mondays (from 11a till closing).  Otherwise, it's dinner only.
4	I am slacking. I meant to put in this review a few days ago, but I was in taste shock. It took me a little while to recover from my brush with ecstacy, otherwise listed on the menu as the Sea Bass.My husband had run into Nouveau Bistro while trying to pick up some "to go" from Pasta Pomodoro, which was no longer operating. He was looking for an excuse to go back, and then I had a birthday.The bread is only served upon request. The sangria was alco-loaded and tasty.But the sea bass... there is no other for me. I can say with complete honesty that this is the best fish I have ever had. The pieces were just falling apart on my fork. They refused to leave their delicious sauce to enter my mouth. As I have an unfortunate allergy to mango, they replaced the mango rice with smashed potatoes, which were extremely tasty. The dish also came with sauteed zucchini.The hbski had the bacon- wrapped salmon, minus the bacon. He was impressed with how the fish was a little crunchy on the outside. While the restaurant staff was forthcoming with the recipe, I think we'll just leave it there. It was a little complicated for us!We will be back for desert some time. The staff and the ambiance were welcoming. They are holding out for that fifth star. I'll have to go again when the whole staff isn't in training so I can see what they can really do.Stay tuned...
2	This little dandy caught my eye the other night, and of course, me thinking it was "French" I put on my big boy pants and expected to be WOWED. I was not wowed. Don't get me wrong. The restaurant was clean and pleasant to be in, and the service was good. The food however was..... so so. I ordered a salmon dish on recommendation from the owner (or the man as a perceived as the owner... he was a nice little Asian guy ^_^ ) It came with a salad that had a nice, sweet vinaigrette that tasted of ginger. But no bread.  None.  I need bread. I'm a chunky white man. Bread good. Where bread go? to continue:When I got my main course, I found that my salmon was a bit over cooked, and the sauce they had placed over the fish was ice cold. :( Now here's the thing; The sauce may need to be served cold and I'm a tard for saying otherwise.  Lemmie tell ya though, I don't do hot meat and cold sauce. I'm either all hot, or all cold - there is no in between. It's just how I roll. Anyway... The salmon was edible, but nothing to rave over, and the sauce was cold, but kinda tasty. The potatoes were delish.. I'm hard pressed to find a potato that I don't like, but these were fresh, "smashed" red skin potatoes and I enjoyed them very much. :) All in all, it may be worth another shot, but I'd have to be convinced to go back. Or have Megan Fox INSIST I bring her here. yeah.. that would work.
5	We really couldn't  have asked for better service, sangria or food. After shopping for a few hours Sunny and I needed a recess. We were thinking of going to Abuelo's at the Chandler Mall when I remembered that my fiance and I had visited Nouveau Bistro (which was previously a Pasta Pomodoro) for drinks a few weeks ago and I really wanted to go back to try their food. We were warmly welcomed and they had delicious sangria waiting for us. We tried a couple appetizers, the goat cheese with shrimp and the asparagus, both were mouth watering. The decor is modern and nice, they have a pretty cool patio, which I can't wait to sit and sip on some happy hour cocktails this spring.Nouveau Bistro is gem in the mass of corporate restaurants of the Chandler Mall area, support our local restaurants!
4	Good, attentive service...Warm (well, a little chilly in temp, but cozy) ambiance...Good food.Had a little ladies lunch out and here is what we enjoyed:Shrimp and Goat Cheese Melt - It was good, lots of shrimp and lots of goat cheese - kinda oily.Salmon with Wild Blueberry Sauce - GREAT salmon for the price - blueberry sauce was really tastyBeef Short Rib - Very, very tender beef.  Fell apart on the fork (good thing) with the most amazing mustard molass sauce reduction thing. Citrus Crusted Chicken - Pretty good for a chicken dish.  Superb mashed potatoes.Dessert - pretty tasty chocolate/caramel fondue - came with very fresh fruit.  The pastries (breads) to dip could have been fresher.  The fondue could have stayed hotter.All in all, this may have sounded like a critical review - but I really enjoyed the experience.  I just think this place has A LOT of potential, so I hope that the owners are reading Yelp and being responsive to customer feedback.  I'm giving it four stars...But it's currently sitting at a 3 1/2 with room to grow.Oh!  And we got our bread...The waiter told us it didn't have rosemary - it has a lot of spices, but not rosemary.  It's good and he kept it coming.  Thanks!
5	I drive by this spot on my way into work (come see me at Nordstrom's MAC counter next time you go to chandler mall!) and I have been wanting to try it for a few weeks now. The in-laws were in town and kindly watched our daughter so we could have a date night. We decided on dinner and a movie. I suggested adorable little place since it was just on the other side of the mall from the movie theater. We parked and since we didn't know what to expect of the menu, we were reading the posted menu on the window when the FOH & Catering Manager, Scott, came out to greet us and invite us in. There was live music and a very warm ambiance to the restaurant. It was very cozy and friendly, however, we were by a good twenty years the youngest couple in there. There was live music, a man singing easy listening hits from Lionel Ritchie to Barry White to the Isley Brothers. We were seated immediately and had a very attentive but not annoyingly so waitress. We ordered the panko breaded asparagus appetizer which was served with a balsamic vinegar reduction, they were simply amazing. Our salads came out and they were your standard mixed greens and assortment of veggies. I ordered the Goat Cheese Stuffed Shrimp which was served around of bed of linguine and it was FAB-U-LOUS. I enjoyed every moment of it. Jason ordered the Catfish Gumbo. He loved the gumbo itself but he said the catfish was slightly lacking on it's own but when paired together it was perfect. The service here was fantastic. We felt like it was a bargain for how satisfied we were with our experience. We will definitely be going back AND now I know a great little hide away where I can sneak off to go have a quiet lunch away from work!
5	I am really happy to see a restaurant of this caliber on the east side.  Exciting, eclectic menu selection, great service, extremely pleasant ambiance and some really great food.  This is a place that seems to have truly captured the bistro essence - a perfect blend of "high-end" food and service in a very cool, casual, environment.My wife and I dined with her parents at Nouveau Bistro on a Saturday night.  We were pleasantly surprised to enjoy live background music while we ate.  Low-key, quiet, non-vocal guitar music.  The kind that sets a relaxing, comfortable mood without interfering with your conversation or "taking over" the atmosphere.Our server was a young guy named Taylor who was extremely attentive without being stuffy or intrusive.  Like the rest of the restaurant, we appreciated his professional service while maintaining a casual, friendly rapport with his table.We ordered two appetizers, both of which were very unique and extremely tasty.  The eggplant cheesecake was our favorite.  A light souffle-like creation that was like nothing we have ever had anywhere before.  It was absolutely delicious and next time we will probably order two.  We also had the shrimp and goat cheese melt which is perfect for sharing.  A soft goat cheese spread topped with rock shrimp and red onion with toasted pita bread.  The combination of the two was the perfect first course.All entrees came with a house salad of mixed field greens dressed in a light citrus vinaigrette.  It was a nice transition between the appetizers and our entrees.  It was also nice that we didnt have to pay $9 for a salad.Two of our diners ordered the meatloaf, which I maintained may be the best I have ever tasted.  Incredibly moist and extremely flavorful, it was served with some deliciously creamy red smashed red potatoes and sauteed  zucchini.  My father-in-law had the sea bass, which although not Chilean, was light, flaky and fresh.  I didn't taste it but he was still raving about it this morning.  I had the short rib, which I would certainly order again.  It was very flavorful, moist and came apart with my fork the way a good short rib should.We were too full for desert, but we will be returning this Saturday night again and look forward to trying some of the other interesting menu items.  But we will still order the eggplant cheesecake appetizer.
5	My boyfriend and I were looking for something near Chandler Mall that isn't a chain restaurant same old thing and found the perfect match here on yelp!  While people hungrily waited across the parking lot to get into Changs, we strolled in to Nouveau Bistro and were seated immediately.  We ordered the goat cheese and shrimp appetizer which was so yummy!  For entrees: he ordered the short ribs which was absolutely delish and oh so tender and I had the feta and spinach ravioli which hit the spot, it was very rich and flavorful without being overbearing. The atmosphere is very nice without being stuffy.  My boyfriend commented on the lighting, it was dim with candles which gave it a more intimate feel.  The service was good.  I can't wait to go back again, I forgot to try the sangria!  :-)
4	Met a friend here for lunch on Friday, 4/17.  After striking out twice on our orders of Ahi tuna sandwich and Tortellini (the kitchen was out of ahi tuna, sweet potato fries, AND tortellini!), we decided to split the Citrus roasted chicken, which normally comes with "mashed potatoes and sauteed mixed vegetables with a wild mushroom demi-glace"- we opted for a lemon peppercorn sauce.  Thank goodness that customers are now served with delicious, and complimentary, table bread with olive oil and balsamic vinegar, for the entree did  take awhile to arrive.  No matter- we just asked for more bread!  This bread later served as the perfect accompaniment to the terrific lemon peppercorn sauce that came with the chicken dish.  I really enjoyed the sauteed mixed veggies.  Wished the veggie serving was larger since I couldn't partake in the consumption of the mashed potatoes, which my friend said was prepared the way she liked it- perfectly mashed with some chunks (it's also the way I used to enjoy my smashed potatoes!).
1	***************CLOSED***************Was getting takeout from P.F. Chang's across from it and took a closer look to see if anything was left inside.  Too bad since it has a great location is an extremely busy peripheral part of Chandler Fashion.
