5	UPDATE:  The good groomer here has left the building.  As soon as we find out where she lands, I'll update my review.  This update was specifically for our groomer Keisha.  She was WONDERFUL for our two Bichons.Oh My Dog is a great new pet grooming service in Anthem/Seven Hills.  It is a clean and small operation that treats pets like family.Keisha is a very skilled and personable groomer.  She does a wonderful job on our two Bichon Frises.I highly recommend Oh My Dog for a first-rate grooming of your pets.For Bichon owners:  This is THE place in the Vegas Valley.
5	Recently moved to Vegas, and thanks to Yelp found this groomer.  We'd had a bad experience with the last groomer we tried in the area, and were glad to see reviews from Yelp users about Oh My Dog.  This is a top-notch place, very clean, prices very reasonable, and they were able to take our two Cavalier King Charles Spaniels on a Saturday with just two hours' notice.  We cannot recommend them more highly.  What a relief, to find such a quality groomer nearby!  Thanks to Yelp and to those who entered their reviews.  You steered us in the right direction!
1	Will never go back again.  It was great when Kiesha was there, but that all changed when she was gone. Dropped off my 3 toy poodles and the 3 women working there were not very friendly - seemed like they all did not get along.  I had asked if the rate was discounted because I was bringing in 3 dogs and the one lady said yes since my "discounted" rate was written on the dogs information card.  When I went to go and pick up the dogs, the 3 women were arguing very loudly and would not stop - very unprofessional.  I went to pay and they would not honor the discount even though it was written on the information card.   They denied ever saying that there is a discount and would explain why the discounted price was written on the card.
2	Not going back
5	They do a great job on my yorkie and pomeranean. The groomer does such a nice job on my yorkie. I love the way she shapes her face. They do the best job of any groomer I've taken my dogs to in Henderson or Vegas!
