5	Since moving to Vegas a little over three years ago, there have been many hair and nail salons that have come and gone!   I am pretty particular about my nails and wanted to find a reputable business that does an excellent job but is also friendly and professional!I made an appointment at The Mirror, Mirror Salon last week since I was going to be in the area doing a bit of shopping at Kohls which is co-located in the same shopping mall.NAILS:   Tami, the owner and one of the nail techs is fabulous.   She is very precise and takes her time to get it just right!   I hope to get my pedi and hair done there as well since the decor and ambiance is simply lovely!   The place is clean, feels like a high end spa, and has very friendly folks.I would definately give this wonderful salon a try!    You won't be sorry
3	I was going to this salon for a while to this Salon before the name and owner change. It was great. Unfortunately they can't figure out what they are charging their customers.  The 1st time I went they charged me $35. When I questioned them on what happened to the $25 they informed me there were different prices for different services.  When I told them that I was not asked which service I wanted they did credit me on my next visit.  Well I go to my next visit and they charge me $28. When I asked about the extra charge the receptionist gave me some BS story even though the price list at the counter had $25 on it. She had a different prices on her list than what was near the register. She did offer to give me my $3 back but at that point I was too pissed off since this was the 2nd time screwing me with their prices. Too bad cuz it is clean and a good salon. Don't know if it is worth a 3rd visit for me.
4	I hadn't done much with my hair since moving here, and decided to try Mirror Mirror based on the Yelp reviews. I actually set up my appointment via Yelp messaging (a personal first). I got set up with Chris for a cut and highlights. The only reason this review is getting 4 stars instead of 5 is because I had to go  back the next day for the highlights because they didn't have enough of the color for me. Kind of annoying, but my schedule that week was pretty flexible. Chris is a pro. He's not only about making you look good, but also keeping your hair as healthy as possible. I was made to feel really comfortable, like I was a regular, on just the first visit. The proof is in the FB reviews - I posted a "before & after" pic collage when all was said & done, and got nothing but likes & compliments, probably double the likes of most of my average picture posts. I'll definitely be back!
4	Well I called Tami as she asked on her reply. I must say that it was a class act.  She did apologize and asked me to give her another chance. Since I love my nail girl Kim, I thought what the heck.  I decided to get a hair cut and a pedicure.  I made sure to know the prices before I went.  The only reason why I am giving it 4 stars instead of 5 is that their prices are a little higher than they were before and higher than most saloons.  If you want a clean saloon and don't mind paying a little more, this is your place.  Thanks Tami for reaching out.
5	I have been coming to this salon for hair & nails for many years - since long before the most recent change in ownership and change of name to "Mirror Mirror". I'm very picky about how I like my nails, and they've always done a great job here leaving me 100% satisfied with their service. I was concerned when I found out about the recent change in ownership and change of name to "Mirror Mirror" but I need not have been! Any changes have all been for the better! I still get great service with the attention to detail I appreciate. Their customer service is fantastic, and all the staff members I have met have been very friendly and helpful - even working to accommodate a last minute appointment when I had forgot to take care of ME before throwing a big baby shower for my daughter.  I highly recommend Julie - she's great at hair and nails and is my go-to for both from now on!
5	I went to Mirror Mirror salon and got the Princess Pedi done by Kelly. OH MY GOD! I LOVED IT!!! The pedi lasted for FOUR WEEKS! And, I am very ticklish on my feet, and Kelly knew exactly how to hold my feet so I wouldn't be jumping around all over the chair :DThe service was fantastic! The salon is clean and absolutely stunning! I highly recommend going to Mirror Mirror. 5 Star all the way :D
2	Not terrible, but definitely not the best manicure I've had. The woman who did my nails was very nice, but I could tell she didn't really want to help me. I got a basic manicure, which was $23. She filed my nails to all different lengths and had me put my nails in front of a tiny fan to dry. She rushed me out when she felt they were dry - I was kind of expecting to be put under a nail dryer like most salons have, but she just put some drying drops on and left me in front of this little fan. My nails were chipping the next morning. The staff was really nice, but I won't be visiting again. I can get a much better manicure for a better price in the area.
5	Walked in, never been here... LOVE LOVE LOVE! Pumpkin pedicure rocks! They treated my daughter like a princess and me like a Queen. Friendly, clean, professional but personable. Worth every penny. Easy freeway access so no excuses. Get here and see Tammy the owner. I'm hooked. This is my new salon!!!
5	This review has been on my to-do list for the last week. This is the place to go for EVERYTHING without spending hundreds at a high-end casino spa. I came here last Monday Sept 8th for a birthday manicure, a little something just for me. I had scheduled my appointment using their online scheduling system. (I love that feature, I don't have to wait till they are open to schedule a time that works for me). My appointment was at 1pm, when I arrived my manicurist Tami was ready for me. I love that! She greeted me by name and was very friendly. She was so sweet and talkative. It was refreshing, at some places I've gone to, the technicians talk to each other in a foreign languages who knows what they are saying about me. Here, it was all about me. It was nice. In the past I have had my hair done by Chris and my toes and manicure done by another technician. Every time I come here i get the same great service and at great prices. Even waxing those hard to reach spots and getting my hair blow dried before my big date is easier and more convenient that doing it myself. Before I left I signed up a raffle offering great prizes. Please let them know I "Carmen" referred you though this review. And sign up for it too while you are there! I'll definitely be back. I hear they are introducing facials next month. Cant wait!This is my favorite one stop shop for all my beauty needs.
5	So I finally got around to making my yelp account,  so for the next few day I'll be able to catch up on a few reviews,  let me tell you about this salon in Vegas I go to place for hair cuts I love sissor cuts and Chris is a machine,  he did an incredible job.Also have to say, Tami the manager she is the best. Got a manicure from her.My top place in Vegas, I recommend itSet appointment with Mia for my first facial next week when I'm back in town.
5	Excellent mani/pedi!  Will definitely be back!Salon is very clean.  Great vibe and customer service.  Owner is sweet as they come and very talented!
5	I had a princess pedicure and acrylic sparkle nails by Ashley. What a beautiful and relaxing salon & everyone was as nice as they could be. I was pleasantly surprised to discover they do hair & waxing as well which I will look into. Ashley was amazing, so very professional, and fun. My nails and toes have never looked better. I made an appointment with her for 2 weeks before I left! I have found the perfect salon!!!!
4	Great customer service and The staff is really nice. They do need more nail colors in stock. Overall great place.
5	I just created this account to post this review.It's always tough to find a good nail salon, but I finally found one thanks to Groupon! Ciara did both my pedicure and gel manicure and it was AMAZING!!! I felt so welcome by her and we chatted away while she worked. The pedicure was perfect and the manicure was everything I expected and so much more. I will be coming back again and again.
5	Went back again for another Pedi, and the experience was great again! You can really feel the love and tender care in this salon :)
5	I had a mani and pedi last night. I love the fact they stay open late. The salon is very clean, which is VERY important to me. I love the selection of nail polishes, especially the glitter polishes! I love love love my mani and pedi which Veronica did. By the way she's wonderful and a great conversationalist :) I became a life long customer. The owner is absolutely refreshing and has a great attitude. Make an appointment with Veronica!
1	See review above
3	If your not happy with their service they'll personally take their time and make sure to fix whatever issue you have.
