4	This place is a cross between the Apple store and a Verizon wireless... but mostly the Apple store.  I was really impressed with the atmosphere and the service was fast, friendly and helpful.  On our recent visit we had an issue with our cable box, they quickly replaced it with a newer version.  As we were checking out we were checking out HDMI cables, and the sales person mentioned that they were having a sale of them.  HDMI cables are a total scam in any other retailer, but at Cox a 'better' to 'best' quality cable was a very reasonable price just by being a Cox customer.  Great suggestion... I purchased 2.
5	I had to return my cable boxes and wanted to go anywhere, but the store on Scottsdale and Williams drive due to the horrible experience I had there before. I found is location, using the interwebs, checked Yelp, and decied to give it a go. As I entered the store we I was quickly greeted by four hellos all from employees, three of them were with other customers, but still managed to give me a warm welcome. The store itself seems new, very clean, bright, and cheerful. The lady that was supposed to take my name and reason for coming in was busy helping someone one the phone, but about three seconds after my juggling act with my two cable boxes and remotes almost came to a crashing end, Ted(tastic) came over and rescued me. he was very polite and quick with returning all the items. He also let me that I had modem that I needed to turn in as well. After having a "what the heck is that" look on my face he let me know what wording was on the product. I said, "that doesn't sound familiar" and he went and got a similar modem for me to see so I knew what to look for. Thanks, Ted(tastic)! The service here is a a complete 180 from what I received at the other location, thus the five stars. My rating may be skewed, but deffinetly check on this location at the Camelback Colonnade for any needs you might have with Cox Communications.FYI: this location does product pick-ups, product drop offs, and is a payment center.
5	I received A+ service from Doug when returning my equipment.  Great experience...I would much prefer to go into this store than to talk to anyone on the phone from Cox.
1	Worst company ever!!!! No customer service. If you call on Sunday you're out of luck and they don't care!!
4	I received in the mail an offer for Cox that seemed far too good to be true. I decided to hop by this Cox Store to check it out with the employees. I was greeted promptly when walking through the door, and the employee immediately recognized the deal when I showed him the letter. We walked to his computer where he looked at my account and, true to my suspicion, it was too good to be true (not the employee's fault). So, if you need service on your Cox account I recommend visiting this store if you are in the area and have the chance. The employees were nice (the ones I met) and they seemed to know what they were doing. The place is bright, open, and airy and seems a bit futuristic. Parking is a bit of a pain -- be careful when coming in/out.
5	The best, fastest, most efficient service ever!   Was greeted as I walked in the door.  Very courteous and helpful service.
4	I have only been to this location twice since Cox moved there store from Glendale to the Camelback area. My purpose in stopping in was only to return items that I no longer needed. Both times I did not wait long because this location is fully staffed. They are all very welcoming and professional from the moment you walk through the door. Both of my transitions were smooth and hassle free. The store is spic and span clean with plenty of room to move throughout the store. Fully staffed with nice employees who look like they enjoy what they do.
4	While it's really hard to think about being "a fan" of Cox itself, I'll give the Cox Solutions store and staff on Camelback a 4th star based on the quick and courteous service this evening as I nigh gleefully turned in the DVR, signifying total termination of cable TV service in favor of free over the air TV supplemented with a bit of streaming.  Arriving about 6 P.M. on a Tuesday evening, there were no customers in the store when I arrived.  Staff of at least four were on hand, laughing and socializing amiably, but one broke off instantly to ask how he could help, and did so immediately, accepting the DVR and looking up the account to check-in the returned equipment, with no more than a moment of surprised expression on seeing the cable TV services were terminated completely.  He gave me a receipt for the equipment and I was on my way, mission accomplished, in less than 5 minutes.  It's a bright, clean, appealing store front set up much like a Verizon or other cellular store where you walk in, sign in, and wait your turn. Not a single other customer entered the store in my few minutes, though two or three were approaching the door as I left. If today's single experience is evidence of the regular scheme of things - after 6 P.M. mid week would seem to be an opportune time of arrival.    The store sits in an out-parcel building in the shopping plaza on south side of Camelback, just west of 20th street, diagonally across from Best Buy. There's no store front on Camelback, so you will  have to enter the shopping center to find the store, which is diagonally across from Best Buy.While I'm quite happy to be back to free TV, in general I have not been displeased with Cox service.  I'm still on Cox Internet, at least until I can find a less-expensive alternative that meets all my needs, and am happy to have stores such as these in the community as an additional convenience and resource.  In ' n ' out in less than 5 minutes, you're experence may vary, but it's hard not to be a fan of that.
1	This is the absolute worst service I have ever had, I had dial up that was more reliable. I have spent more time trying to get a connection than actually using it and it keeps dropping the connection. I had wireless with a phone company on the same computer that was faster and flawless. They came out and relocated the router that lasted about a day and same sH*t the next morning. I am switching to ANYTHING but COX and never again! Run run run away and get anything but Cox!
1	Stood outside the store at 7pm the other night while the employees stood there and looked at me from inside. Granted they close  at 7 but a little acknowledgement is what keeps customers. I had called before 7 and no one answered so I ran over to exchange my box. Cox, it's a competitive market out there. Maybe the other cheaper services out there won't be so arrogant.
1	I have had many problems with our Internet connection with cox and working from home creates a huge issue for me. I have called multiple times throughout the past month to fix this issue. Not only is it extremely hard to finally get a hold of a representative but once the Internet is fixed it works perfectly for about a day and then goes back to lagging all the time. I called back today and was disconnected by the automated system 4 times and couldn't contact them via the Internet because it is still currently not working. I wish we had century link in our area because it's such a hassle trying to get a hold of cox.
5	This isn't a review about Cox as a service provider, but rather the customer service I received while in this Cox Residential Digital Solutions Store location.In preparation for moving into my new home, I called Cox and ordered a TV/Internet/Phone bundle. I later realized the bundle was out of my price range and called back to modify my order to exclude the digital phone service. The order to send out the phone equipment was already processed and I received a package containing the equipment at my residence. A quick phone call to Cox resulted in directions to return the equipment to a store nearby - enter my visit to this location.From the time I parked to the time I returned to my vehicle, about 3 minutes passed. I was greeted upon entering the store and when I explained the reason for my visit, I was escorted to the cashier's desk where they quickly processed my return of the equipment and provided a receipt. No fuss, in and out. The gentleman seemed happy to help and that made me feel good about doing business with them.
1	Worst cable company on earth. Not only are the rates ridiculous they made me drive in to get a cable box to replace the faulty box I had.. But the "new" box they gave me also didn't work. Their service is a joke. We need more options for cable providers.
1	They don't open till 10AM and there's a line waiting before they open. The staff work as fast as they can but a crowd waiting for service isn't how I'd run a business.
4	Having some DVR issues but thankful Sirena is working with me to get everything solved.  Definitely very pricey but we do have the fastest internet.  I was having a lot of problems but it looks like they are working with me to solve them.
4	3.5 stars,  it's definitely overpriced but I recently have been working directly with a woman named Sirina and she is lovely!  The Internet is working very fast and she's helping me get the DVR working again, we are trying to find solutions.
1	I tried to set up for Cox internet so I called their 1800 number and then got hung up on twice and then tried calling them again and the machine said they are now closed. Unbelievable. The employees just trying to get out of the office so don't call towards their closing time. Time to sign up with any company other than Cox!
1	Cox sucks. A year ago when I moved into my new place I tried to get internet only. They gave me such a hard time, then I ended up with an Internet and tv package that I didn't really want. Fast forward a year later and my usual bill is twice what it was. Turns out they jacked up the prices, no surprise. So I call and cancel the tv service that I never wanted in the first place. Now I have to wait in line at this store just to drop off the receiver. But no, you can't just drop off the receiver, you have to wait for receipt from an agent. And that's where I've been for the past 20 minutes, with 10+ people ahead of me.
