4	I've been to Sam's Town twice, and many of the Boyd properties bowling alleys, and I must say this is the best bowling alley I've bowled at so far (although Red Rock does look better).The lanes were very clean and the snack bar gave nice portions for the price and was located right by the front desk so you don't have to take a road trip to get there. The cosmic bowling was neat, except for there is really no light on the approach so picking up spares was harder than normal.The only other issue we had was customer service, we had a group of 4 lanes and we wanted to split them into teams.  However they weren't clear on how many people we could put per lane, so in the middle of our first game the lane shut off and we had to have the front desk transfer credits.  This wouldn't have been an issue, but the way the two woman handled it was unprofessional, they were throwing their co-worker under the bus for ringing things up wrong.  Granted next time I'll know to ask so we don't run into this again, but I felt bad for the poor woman they were bad-mouthing.
4	I like this house, was good especially since my boyfriend won a grip of money in the tournament.  The snack bar was good and they were really friendly here.  I'd bowl here.
4	The casino is a good place in general. It's off strip and more laid back, the bowling alley is a huge plus.  I brought my family downstairs and played a round. This place is huge, the people at the counter are really friendly and it's amazingly clean for a bowling alley. (from 3/2014)
5	Love it here!!! Hubby and I play a few games  and bring our one year old..we all have a great time! Been cosmic bowling recently with a group of 6 and it was typical cosmic bowling..no complaints...the other groups of people were nice to be around also :) We've noticed it's cheaper to buy a pitcher of beer instead of individual beers. Oh, my best friend said the margaritas weren't that great. But we all agree that the food is great when you want to feed your greasy craving!
5	I love it here!  The atmosphere is awesome and the lanes are great!  It's a great family place to bring your kids too.  The have a food bar as well so if you get hungry and can just get a quick snack.
4	Good for some family fun. You MUST plan around league bowling. They have leagues almost every night so call ahead. There's always plenty of bowling balks & shoes, although I have my own. Staff is almost always pleasant!
