5	This is the first review that I have ever bothered to write, despite being a woman of many strong opinions, and I only got off my ass and did it because I just adore this place. Where to start? At first glance Betty Boo's doesn't appear to be much more than just some hole-in-the-wall but beyond its' modest exterior and decor is a wealth of delightful true southern home cooking. I had the BBQ chicken, the collard greens and the mac and cheese while my husband had the tilapia with the same sides. First, the servings were enormous. After stuffing our faces we still had THREE full containers to take home. My chicken was fall off the bone perfection with a tangy sauce but my husband's tilapia put my chicken to shame. Pan fried, lemony goodness. The collards had a great texture with none of the bitterness you can sometimes find in greens and the mac and cheese had that true homemade quality without a creamy sauce but just good sharp cheddar. Gluttons that we are we also had to take home some of the banana pudding and that too did not disappoint. Beyond the quality of the food I must say how much I also liked the charming owners. This is a brother and sister team that between them have over 40 years of cooking experience. The sister is family taught by her grandmother from South Carolina and the brother is a CIA graduate and has worked in some of the finest restaurants in the world. I know all of this because of how friendly and welcoming they both were. These are people with a sincere and kind heart who genuinely love to feed people.I will most certainly be back and I plan to bring everyone I know with me.
2	I wanted to like this place bad, but it turns out this place was just plain bad. Upon entering I noticed that all of the 7 tables were filled which I thought was fine because I don't live too far away so take out is no big deal. It took me 15 minutes just to place my order and after I ordered I realized that nearly everyone else who was in the restaurant was waiting on food too. All in all I ended up waiting nearly an hour for my plate. About time I did get my plate they were out of greens and yams so I opted for macaroni and cheese, beans and rice and cabbage as my sides. The mac was a little bland for my taste and the cabbage was just okay, my fried chicken was a little bland too. My sister had the catfish which was really good in size and cut but again it lacked flavor. The owner was genuinely nice an apologetic and the only reason I waited that long was to support her new business. They just opened in August 2012 so I'll go back in a couple of weeks and hopefully they have all the kinks worked out.
3	Good soul food is hard to find in the desert and when you find one, you have to savor it. Betty Boo's popped up around August and I found out about it last month (October) when a friend kept raving about it.  So one hungry night, I ordered the BBQ chicken with a side of collard greens, sweet potatoes and cornbread.  And I ate my plate clean because it's been a while.  The next time, I ordered the catfish for myself and, for hubby, the fried chicken accompanied with mac-n-cheese.Though one of the owners is from New York, I find the food to be quite decent being that I am also an East Coast transplant.  But I have to say, soul food is so much better on the East. I think maybe it's because out here some of the spices are not readily available in the supermarkets. No matter what,  I find that the extra "mmmm...good" taste is always lacking out here.  Nonetheless, I'll take anything that comes close. I like the fact that Betty Boo's serve large portions.  I was able to have enough for dinner that night and leftover for lunch at work the next day.  I hope the portions will not decrease as business increase like some of the soul food posers that came and went in the valley.  Overall, the place is a work in progress.  There's not much of an ambiance.  But the owners are friendly, the price is reasonable, and the food is well worth the trip even if your taste buds know better.
2	I've tried this place several times. Each time hoping that it will taste better. Each time it gets worse. It seems like they re heat leftovers. Nothing is made to order. I had the runs after my last meal. And Everytime my bill somehow becomes more expensive! At first it was around 20 then it somehow ended up being 35 and so on! Weird. You don't get a receipt so it's strange. The owners are sweet like everyone else is saying but the food needs to be FRESH not leftovers. If they cooked enough for lunch then again for the dinner that woud be better. Also the cakes and pies have always been stale. You don't want to eat refrigerated cakes and pies, that's not fresh!
5	It CLOSED a few months back!  Dang it, it's hard for these restaurants to make it out here in these parts.  Each time one comes, another bites the dust.
