5	I went here for a kid's birthday party.  Full disclosure:  I have no ankle biters, as yet.  With that in mind, I thought this place was a great spot for a one year old's birthday shindig.  There's a basketball hoop, some toy trains, playground equipment and a separate room where you can order in food and bring your own drinks.  I imagine this cuts down on costs, which is always important.  The space is not big but seemed just right for the 20 plus that came to the party.  The waivers you have to sign to get in and the little cubby holes for your personal stuff were a big plus too!  Another bonus, the staff was very friendly and there was lots of hand sanitizer!
4	Clean, fun, and interactive place to enjoy a nice "day in".We came here for a birthday party and everything was great! Excellent indoor basketball court with a large and small basketball hoop. Nice, comfortable cushion flooring under all the playground equipment for some much needed "boo-boo" deflection. Small upstairs "game room" with a Wii and flat screen t.v. to provide some video game stimulation, if your child is in to technology. The only concern  was I did not see the only worker there, not once, go around and make sure everything was going smoothly on the floor, sanitize any of the equipment, or even converse with anybody to really make an impression that they appreciated us being there. We were there from 12:30pm to 2:30pm and they were nowhere in sight. We had a lot of coverage with parents eyes on everybody there, but it would have been a nice, reassuring sight to have seen a worker.
5	Awesome.  Awesome.  Everything was clean.  It was spacious and there were so many fun nooks and crannies.  I found myself wishing they'd had something like that when I was a kid.  I took my son to a birthday party there and it was wonderful to be able to sit down and chat with the other moms without constantly worrying about the kids.  I will definitely return.
2	I took our 13 month old there today as a guest of a member. The place was very clean, super spacious and even had a small designated toddler section. To my disappointment, this section filled up quickly with the older kids not giving much room for our toddlers to play. My biggest complaint isn't so much with the place itself as it is with the parents that don't keep an eye on their kids. My daughter was trampled by an older girl on the toddler slide only for me to get yelled at by her mother for saying something. A few minutes later the same girl was back in the toddler area throwing the building blocks over her head hitting my daughter and nearly hitting my friend's 1 year old. All this happening while the staff just watched and said nothing. Looks like I'll be finding another indoor playground for us.****edit**** My mistake for posting this on the wrong location! This should have been for the southwest location!
3	This is a great place for kids to play, and I would guess that the age range for maximum enjoyment would be between 18 months and 5 years old.  I wouldn't think a membership here would be worth it for any kid outside of those age ranges.When I first signed up, I wasn't told about all of the different membership options, i.e. only weekends, annual membership (saves money), etc., so definitely investigate your options.  We pay $52 per month for 2 kids for entry anytime (this includes both locations).  There are several different areas, including: a) a large play structure with 3 slides and a toy area underneath; b) a special toddler area with a play structure, soft building blocks, and toys; c) a smaller play structure with 1 slide; d) a half basketball court with a standard height hoop and smaller hoop; e) a little nook which has a kitchen and related items; and f) an upstairs area with two computers, sitting areas, and a large 2-story slide.One impressive feature about this place is the cleanliness.  It is clean and well organized, and the staff does an excellent job of constantly going around and sanitizing toys and play areas.  The only thing that grosses me out are the large stuffed animals that are on the ground everywhere (mostly used for softer landings at the bottom of slides); they look like they have never been cleaned.  We don't touch them.  Otherwise, thumbs up.The only issue that keeps me from rating this place higher is the lack of maintenance.  There are the same paint scuffs and dings on the walls that I first noticed almost a year ago.  Also, they seem to flat out refuse to replace batteries in toys (I've asked a few times and finally just gave up).  The same few basketballs are always flat - seriously, just buy a $5 pump and fill them up once a week.  Balloons stuck in the ceiling for months on end, lights in the bathroom out, door locks not working, etc.  Little annoying things like that affect the overall vibe.  Also, just a note that in no way affects my review of this place.  Be prepared for lazy parenting.  You will see parents come in and let their kids loose.  The parents will sit around and chatter or play on their phones, never checking to see what their kids are up to.  It's frustrating for someone like me who goes here to actually play with my kids.  I do breathing exercises to lessen the rage. :)
4	I've never taken my daughter to an indoor play yard before and honestly wasn't expecting much when we arrived. I was pleasantly surprised. My mom and niece went with us and the first thing my mom said was how much cleaner it was than a couple others she and my sister had taken my niece to in the past.My daughter is 20 months and she loved it! She went up and down some of the taller slides without even holding on to the sides so she was flying! Luckily the ground is padded although I tried to catch her every time.  While we were here we did notice some parents who it seemed were "checked out", one little girl a few months younger than mine wasn't being supervised at all, and I started to wonder if I was a heli-mom (you know hovering too much) because my mom and I and only a couple other parents were really involved not only with our own kids but others as well. I didn't like that kids were chewing on play food though, that to me is just unsanitary and I'm usually pretty cool with the whole "dirt don't hurt" thing, but I tend to draw the line at my daughter sharing saliva covered toys with other kids. that is where the parents should have been aware. Ih and one mom gave me the stink eye when I asked her two older kids to not sit on the stairs to get up to the slide because my daughter couldn't get up with them there. I said it nice, they moved, all was well but  their mom wasn't thrilled, oh well, I made my daughter move when she was trying to do the same thing. Overall it was a lot of fun for both girls and I did decide to sign up for a monthly pass, I opted for weekdays only since weekends we reserve for travel and things like discovery museum.It was very clean, the staff walked by probably once every hour cleaning and disinfecting toys and I saw them replacing batteries in a bunch of toys that they had  picked up while walking through. Every button my daughter pressed gave her the satisfaction of music or lights, so maybe they saw the past review about dead batteries and have since resolved it... I love that I can bring in snacks for my kiddo since she is gluten free, and the rules for the establishment do not allow peanut butter (although my daughter can have it I appreciate the concern and them not allowing it). This is a great place to give my daughter a chance to interact with other kids her age, experience new toys and get to be really active while staying cool. I'm really happy this is so near my house, plus in the same shopping center as Rachels Kitchen, The Mediterranean Grill, Sammy's Woodfired Pizza and Golden Spoon (hello heaven!). Great location! Great staff!
4	*brain fart..this review is for the Durango and warm springs location. Sorry!* Just came from a bday party that was held here and I think this place is ok! I think these kinds of places depend if your child likes the place or not. My daughter did not seem comfortable at first and drifted towards the kitchen/house toys. I personally wished that there were more toys to play with since my daughter loves to play house lol. After thirty mins or so she finally went on the jungle gym thing. She enjoyed the slides and wouldn't get off! I did knock off a star though because of an employee. She was a bit up tight...I noticed her giving me looks to the children. I mean the kids were pretty good if you asked me (keep in mind I'm a strict mother). Anyway I would go back but the whole membership thing stops me. I'd rather pay for a day pass since I don't like to be tied down.
5	I have an annual membership here for my 3-year-old grandson and he loves it! He begs to go every day where he has so much fun on the slides and playing with toys, especially the Thomas Train tables. All the staff and member families are so friendly and helpful and it's great seeing all the kids laughing and playing together. I highly recommend Childs' Play for young children and toddlers!
5	My son loves going to Child's Play. It gives him the opportunity to meet new friends and play with children his age. He has an awesome time every time we go. The workers are also really nice and explain the play areas thoroughly. I definitely recommend checking out Childs Play if you haven't already.
5	Great place to hang out with the kiddos for a bit. Lots of fun things for them to do, good seating for mom and dad, although most of the time we're up walking around with the kids making sure they're playing nice with everyone else. Fun slides, soft ground, they require socks only once inside. One downfall which is fixable is that back by the basketball hoops is super slippery. Both my kids fell within 2 seconds of being back there. Overall it's a fun place to go when you want to get out of the house for a bit.
4	Affordable, big area to play in.  Basketball room and  computer room upstairs.
3	The kids love this place for birthday parties. As a parent, the 2 hour block of time makes it feel a little rushed to me. Would be nice to have an option to extend the time. They supposedly help setup and direct the kids, but I did not see them engaging the kids. The workers just seemed to stand at the desk while the kids ran free and parents watch their own kid. All in all, the kids do have fun here. It is a little pricey considering what they actually do. Good indoor option for kid parties.
5	I come here 2 or 3 times a month to meet up with other moms and their toddlers. It's $28 a month for the basic membership which is unlimited visits Monday through Friday. If you pay more, then Saturdays and classes are included. The space is large and clean, with a wide range of toys and age levels. There are 6 different slides (4 straight and 2 curly) so if your kid loves slides, they will never have to wait for one! The birthday parties are on Sundays only do they will never be sharing the space with other kids so that's nice. There is a basket ball court in the back which is fun!You must remember socks for both the kids and adults. Hand sanitizer is ready available. The bathrooms have step stools and a diaper pale.
5	Had our birthday party for my two year old and it was perfect. When we got there, the girls helped us decorate and asked us how we'd like to schedule the event for timing of cake, singing happy birthday, etc. It was extremely helpful with the day being so chaotic to begin with. We brought chips and drinks, and then ordered pizza through their recommended pizza place, Marcos. The two girls working were extremely helpful with keeping all the kids in line and on our schedule. We bought the two hours to have the place to ourselves so that the littler kids wouldn't have to fight over slides. For the price, it was completely worth it and we would do it again. We had a blast (adults too) because we were able to go on the slides as well.
