4	This place is seriously the best place to go for boba. the boba pearls are always fresh and warm, and the prices are cheaper compared to other places. You can find this place right inside the chinatown mall. The place  is fairly small, from what I remember there are only two sets of tables. But it doesn't seem like people hang around there so there is almost always a table to sit around at. Heck, if not just go browse around in the other stores! Sitting's overrated anyway. xDD
4	Having been obsessed with boba tea for the last month, our never ending quest to try every boba tea joint in Las Vegas lead us here.  Although this place is called the Sesame House, you would never know it.  Its inside the Chinatown Plaza mall area where they have a sign outside just saying "No. 1 Boba".  I would say this is probably the second best place I've been next to Tea Planet but the prices are better here.  Not too much of an atmosphere though.  But the fruit is fresh and they do have quite a selection of dried fruits etc.
4	My family and I call this "Sunday's Best" because we're almost here after church enjoying refreshing all-natural boba tea.  Red bean, Taro Fresh, Lychee and Coconut and Durian flavors are my fave.
5	It's 115 degrees F outside and you've got burn marks on your butt from sitting on the leather seat in your car trying to make it to Chinatown through the underpass as fast as you can. There's traffic. "Damn tourists are everywhere!" you mutter underneath your breath. You think that waiting for the light to change at Paradise underneath the monorail shade might just help....especially since your a/c went out the other day. But the traffic pushes you just barely out of the shade and into the blazing noon sun. You cry out in pain, "Dang this sucks!" They keep saying it's a dry heat...but it still hurts. Solution? You need a cool refreshing fruit slushy boba....and you need it fast!As far as boba goes....I prefer mine with fresh fruit. I don't subscribe to the powdered mixes that some people prefer b/c I find them far too saccharine. Even other boba shops that purport to make fresh fruit slushies make it far too sweet for my tastes. If you're like me, this non-descript, unassuming little shop inside the Chinatown Plaza mall (just to the right, 2 stores down from the entrance) makes some of the absolute best fresh fruit slushies with boba I've ever had in the bay area, NYC, Houston and elsewhere - prolly a near perfect 10 for me!The boba itself is done right - not too hard, not too soft. It comes a bit warm like all places, which then melts the fruit slush a bit more....tempering the sweetness even more. They have an extensive menu choice for fresh fruit - mango, watermelon, etc. (Just look to the side shelf and you'll see all the fresh fruit they buy to make their creations!) They even run seasonal specials - look for the signs near the counter. My fave? The watermelon with boba. Otherwise, the kiwi or the honey dew melon are close seconds! This is totally a mom & pop joint and not some bubble tea mecca like Tea Planet just a few doors down. So not much space to sit in...but just order a couple and sit on the steps of the plaza near the entrance to cool off from that Las Vegas summer heat..or walk around and peruse the store next door for some pretty kitschy stuff - we once saw a belt buckle with the LV sign saying "Welcome to fabdau Las Vegas". That's awesome.I don't like their coffee, or black tea versions of boba. For that I'd go elsewhere (TP seems to be the best), but they do one thing better than those other places - cheap, fresh fruit slushies that aren't too sweet. 5 stars for the "No. 1 Boba"! They're "fabdau"!
