4	Pet Club is a small (compared to PetSmart or Petco) pet store that has a variety  of organic items for your pets.   When going in I was expecting to find a very high price store with few items I would actually need.  To my surprise there prices are actually significantly cheaper than the chain pet stores.  They have a large variety of food for animals and many other items. The staff is very nice and seem very knowledgeable about the products that they have.  The service is 10x better than any chain pet store.  The only downside to this place is that if you are looking for something specific, it probably isn't the place to go.   They do have many different foods for animals, but for things other than food the selection is limited.Overall, I will buy my pet food/treats and some toys here, but anything else I'll go to PetSmart.
4	I have been purchasing my dog food from Pet Club since I moved to the Valley back in 2006. They carry a great variety of dog food and other items. The prices are great! I did have one issues that was taken care of promptly. A bag of food had a hole in it, resulting in bugs in the food. A full refund was given and a free bag of food to boot. So, double check your bags before you purchase them, I have noticed a few bags recently that have been taped up. The staff is very knowledgeable and helpful. Customer service is great. I enjoy spending my money at Pet Club.
4	I would highly recommend Pet Club based on their food prices alone.  I feed my dogs Natural Balance and for a 30lb bag Pet Club is roughly $15 cheaper than Petco.  They also offer a buy 10 bags get 1 free deal for Natural Balance.  They have a great selection of other high quality dog and cat foods - stuff you can't find at the larger chain stores.  Lots of organic and RAW options.  You won't find the cheap stuff here, Pedigree, Kibbles & Bits, eeew.They also have a great selection of treats and they are reasonably priced.  If you are looking for dog beds, bowls, leashes, collars etc you are better off looking elsewhere because I have noticed they are a bit over priced at Pet Club.Most locations also offer low cost vaccine clinics several times a month.I did deduct 1 star for customer service.  I realize working in a slow pet food store can be boring but sometimes I feel like I am bothering some of the girls at the register - they are nice don't get me wrong but they are just not outwardly friendly.  Also a few times I have purchased more than 1 30 lb bag of food and they offered no help in getting the bags to my car.  I had to take one bag to the car then come back to get the second.
5	They carry a large variety of cat and dog food.  Their prices are some of the best around for high end, grain free foods.  We spoil our pets and buy pet toys from here too.  I definitely recommend this place for any one that has a cat or dog.
3	I like the prices for Nutro, which can be anywhere from $10 - $15 cheaper than a normal pet store. I also buy my dog's bones there, as I like the selection they have out and the prices are also, in most cases, cheaper than the pet stores. Anything else, however, is a bit on the pricey side and wouldn't recommend buying leashes, beds etc from there.The customer service is okay, but most of the time they're not trying to help me, they're trying to get done whatever task they were assigned and ignored me until i placed the bones I bought on the counter and grunted to get the 30 LB bag on the counter for them to scan. Even then, it took a while for them to get to the register. At the end of the transaction, even though there were no other customers, the woman at the register didn't offer to help me carry the bag of food out to my car.I'll still go to the store and buy their food, but I'm hoping their customer service improves.
4	Well who doesn't love saving money! I only go to the big Pet stores when I don't have time to get to a pet club when they are open. I love saving $5-8 per bag of dog food, especially when you have big dogs!They carry a lot for cats as well. And leashs, collars and toys.
2	Great selection on top notch dog food but I have to deduct stars for the poor customer service. I went in to find a brand and the girl said she didnt think they carry it that she would ask her co-worker then the phone rang so she answered it. When she was done she checked someone out then I asked her if she had checked on it and all I got was a blank stare. After a couple of awkward seconds I reminded her of what I asked about. I just felt like I was bothering her by asking. Please pet club, work on customer service.
4	First time here and I came in for Call of the Wild dog food. Was impressed with the layout and organization of the store.Prices are a little high for me but over all nice store.
2	good prices but its a little like shopping in Mexico.  Some products prices are mismarked so that you think you are paying one price but upon checkout it is much more expensive.  They dont remidy this problem even after I point out the discrepency in prices.  Next time I come back its still mismarked with a lower price.Also, I brought back a bag of  food that had a rip in the package to exchange a new bag and while they exchanged it, they put the ripped bag right back on the shelf.  Customer service stinks in this place.  I feel like I am bothering the employees if I need to ask them something.
3	Stopped in here yesterday for some large breed puppy food. This is the 3rd time I have been in here and they have been out of it. I shop here weekly so it's very frustrating. The staff is nice but not great. I ended up going to a different location to get what I needed. I think from now on I'll be shopping at a different location.
5	The manager I think his name is (derrick) knows a lot about feed and dog food. The employees are very helpful also
1	I was referred here by the nice woman I bought goats from. "They are better than Petco" she said. "They have everything" she said. Well NOT this one at least! No nipples for bottle feeding baby goats, no shelter for them or pallets to build them from...none of what she sent me there to get which hers near Queen Creek supposedly has. The 16 year olds who ran and worked in the store could not even find the plastic grocery bags at check out for the heat lamp I found myself and ended up buying! I feel like the  2 stars I'm giving is MORE than generous. Yes too generous, I better lower it to one. 1/5 for this unorganized, poorly staffed "wannabe" feed store. Boo Pet Club. Boo hoo.
3	I went in thinking this would be a great neighborhood place to buy my pet stuff, but it's a chain, and it's just as cheap (or expensive, if you will) as the big chains. Much disappoint.The store is small and they have so much stuff piled out front that it's hard to get into the store to begin with. They also have really young kids working the place who don't know how to pronounce the stuff they're selling (it's not Royal K-9, it's Royal K-nin), but whatever. They're helpful when they aren't unpacking boxes and stocking shelves and blocking aisles so you can't get through.Went to get my dog food and I bought the last bag so they don't have as good a selection as other places. They also had a misleading coupon that said $10 off a 24 lb. bag of dog food. Problem was, the dog food was for only two types of dogs and not all the dogs the brand makes for. They also sell live animals which I thought was sort of strange. They seem to have a lot of treats which is good, but I get 10% back from Petco on all my purchases so even their $5 coupon wasn't that valuable. I'll stick with the big pet stores instead.
5	I love this store and the staff. They are always there to help me in anyway! Pleasant, funny and knowledgeable!
