2	We normally aren't the couple who watches their pennies and dines in chain restaurants, but my husband had seen one too many commercials for Lobsterfest during the NCAA Basketball Tournament and was fixated on getting some lobster.  We both ordered the Lobster Lover's Dream with a Rock Lobster and a Maine Lobster tail and Lobster and Shrimp Fettuccine.  The biscuits were good, full of cheese and spicy, but my husband's caesar salad was "made with old broomhandles" instead of parmesan cheese.  The lack of anchovies really bothered him, too.  I had the House Salad drowned in "ranch".  The lobster tails were not overcooked, but the artificial Butter Essence served along side spoiled the taste just the same.  Why would I want a baked potato, mashed potato, or rice, when the plate already had pasta on it?OK, the food wasn't poisonish, the services was very good, but I can't see us ever coming back for any reason.  I just have to mention that the Las Vegas Review Journal's gave Red Lobster the Best Seafood award.  With all the wonderful restaurants in Las Vegas, how can people vote for this totally mediocre chain?.
3	Does Red Lobster even need an introduction? This seafood chain has been serving customers for decades.Obviously seafood is what Red Lobster does best. Lobster, crab, fish, if it came out of the water they serve it here. And for those of you who absolutely loathe seafood, fear not. There's a good variety of other items as well, so regardless of your tastes I'm sure you'll find something.The problem here isn't with the food (for the most part), but rather the service. Too many mistakes are made. Once I ordered chicken strips, and the waitress brought me a full-blown grilled chicken breast. How could you possibly screw THAT up? Another time I asked for mayo, and the waitress said they didn't have any. Is it LEGAL to run a restaurant and not have mayo? Yet another time I said I wanted a promotional item they had advertised on the menu with no asparagus - sure enough, it came with the asparagus. However, the staff generally rectify their errors, so I'm not going to insult them or anything.Point is, the food (which is what you probably care most about) is top-notch. If you can deal with some potential staff errors, you'll have a pleasant dining experience.
3	This offers the average "Red Lobster" experience. The service is average, the food is average and the decor is like every other "Red Lobster". I don't know what else to say but, if you've ever been to a chain restaurant , this one won't disappoint in that "experience".
2	My wife had the feast. Did not like the crab legs the lobster was great the shrimp was average. I had the Ny steak. The steak was average. Service was friendly but the food came out cold and had to send it back.If we could I would give it 2 1/2 stars
4	Its been about 13 years since I ate @ Red Lobster..but I had to check it out since I saw one to many "all you can eat shrimp" commercials.Way back in the day just about my whole social circle worked @ RL in Orlando so I know exactly how things work here.Walking in was exactly like it was years ago. The place has not changed at all. We had a very nice hostess and an even nicer waiter.I ordered a drink and it was heavy on the booze..love that! Then comes the yummy garlic cheese biscuits I remember. My toddler was stuffing them into his mouth they were so good. LOLI of course ordered the all you can eat shrimp. I picked out shrimp linguine and shrimp scampi. And they were both very good. My little one had shrimp for the 1st time & kept saying Yummmm.The hubby of course had a strip steak & baked potato. He was very happy with it. I had a bite of the steak and it was very tender.I had my server bring me out 2 more rounds of scampi and was bursting after the shrimp pig out!I don't know why its taken me so long to come back to RL..you can bet it wont be another 13 years!This was a nice family dinner. And FYI: the waiter hooked me up with a dozen of those yummy biscuits!Loved that!!
3	Nothing says great seafood like Red Lobster!!! Ummm...just kidding. If you've been to one, you've been to 'em all. The service here is usually a bit better than average though.
3	We had a gift card, which was the main motivation in going.  My son LOVES shrimp, so we went for his birthday.  I think the problem was that we were seated in the "bar" area.  Our server was the bartender.  The food was good for Red Lobster.  It took a while to get food, while to get drinking refills, and TOO long for check.  I still tipped my normal 15%, but not impressed.
4	The waitress was very helpful. The coconut shrimp and grilled lobster is delicious. The only complaint is that the lunch ends at 3. I like the smaller positions. Oh and I love the biscuits
3	Came in for the advertised Surf and Turf. Got the lobster and sirloin. Lobster was good but the steak was very disappointing. Clam chowder was real good and waitress was very attentive.
1	I ATTEMPTED to each at Red Lobster today.  And yes, it was a failed attempt.  We can file this under "Andrea's Most Bizarre Food Adventures."We walked in and approached the hostess stand.  Right away, we noticed that the hostess was preoccupied - she had taken a lobster out of the tank by the door and was letting a couple of little girls pet it.  It was kinda cute.  At first.  One by one, each waiter and waitress walked by the hostess stand to assure us that she would be with us shortly.  I don't know how you define "shortly," but to me, shortly means a minute.  Maybe two.  I'm all for lobster advocacy or whatever you call petting a lobster.  However, I didn't want to PET the lobster.  I wanted to EAT the lobster.  That's kinda the point, ya know?  Otherwise this would be a petting zoo and it would be a whole different review, because they have the petting part down pat.  The eating part is another story.Anyway, SEVEN MINUTES passed with no signs of the lobster-pawing abating.  Oddly enough, the little girls no longer seemed interested - they weren't petting anymore - they were just sitting there and twisting the hems of their sundresses.  Meanwhile, the hostess constantly readjusted the lobster's angle on the tray so she could pose the darn thing.  It was like crustacean "Vogue".  *Cue music*The waiters and waitresses seemed increasingly concerned that we hadn't been helped yet, probably because the line at this point was out the door (it was at the peak of the lunch rush).  However, no one went out of his or her way to rectify the situation.  Looking at me with panic does not constitute "fixing it."  Even as we turned and walked out the door with the audible huffs of other angry customers as our departing soundtrack, the petting continued with no signs of slowing.  Look, hostess lady... if you want to work with animals, it seems counterintuitive to work in an establishment that serves them on a plate.  The woman had an unnatural lobster fixation - nobody cops a feel on a crustacean for that long!  It was just weird, weird, weird.  If I want seafood, I surely won't be returning to Red Lobster.  As I type, I am sitting on the couch, eating a sloppy joe.  It's delicious, and I didn't have to watch someone caress a cow in the process.
2	It gets a MEH from me.  Nothing spectacular here in my opinion, but it's ok if you want to eat safe seafood.  I think I may be a bit bias on this though because I am from Hawaii and I've had my fair share of "Chicken of the Sea", and the quality of the stuff from Red Lobster just doesn't even compare with what you can catch with your own bare hands from what basically used to be my own backyard.I remember the days, parties with platters upon platters of raw, fresh sashimi (oh how I miss you hot mustard & shoyu!), places quality sushi, and the lovely aroma of fish tempura with a squeeze of lemon, some tartar sauce and Tabasco (Da Kitchen on Maui, that's you!)...but Red Lobster how you are none of these things.  On Maui, we don't even have a Red Lobster!  Freshness is everything when it comes to seafood, and for me it's not top notch at Red Lobster.  But, being a big chain I guess maybe it shouldn't be.We ended up at Red Lobster mainly because of their heavily-rotated ads on TV, that 4-course seafood feast for $14.99.  The wifey wanted to try it out.  I hesitated but finally relented.  I should have hesitated then suggested somewhere else for dinner.  It wasn't bad per se, but man for the money you can do so much better.  I couldn't believe the wait at this place for a table.  Took us 20 minutes for us to get seated, and the place was PACKED.  Why all these people for mediocre seafood drowned in butter and cream?  Mind boggling I tell you.  Although I did see most folks were with their families, which makes for one big average bill.  No wonder Red Lobster stays in business.  Is is strange for me to say that our entire time there, I only saw 2 lobsters come out from the kitchen to our side of the restaurant?  And we were literally sitting a few tables away from the 'fresh' lobster tank that resides at the front of the place.  Made me a little uneasy.  Either folks don't feel like dishing out cash now for lobster (thanks, economy), or those lobsters aren't keeping up on the freshness meter.  With lobster being the bread and butter of Red Lobster, I now know why they probably introduced this 4-course feast to the lineup.After ordering 4-course seafood feasts for the both of us, the wifey and I waited.  And waited.  And waited a bit more.  Took a good 25 minutes for our 1st and 2nd course to arrive.  And guess what, they forgot our friggin' Cheddar Bay Biscuits!  For shame!  I was looking forward to them.  Took another 15 minutes to get those.  I understand they were busy, but forgetting the biscuits to go with your soup?  Borderline ridiculous.  Plus, our salad and soup weren't that great either.  Not only was the salad on the tiny side, the lettuce on mine was a bit wilted.  Average at best.  Wifey had the clam chowder which actually had some clams in it but was overly salty.  I had the strange choice of chicken tortilla soup (yes, in a seafood shack) but it was actually not bad.  In no way authentic but at least it was seasoned right.  However, this soup with a Cheddar Bay Biscuit?  Not the greatest combination, ha ha!  Our 3rd courses were pretty average.  I love a good coconut shrimp and these were ok.  A tad on the overcooked side on the breading, at least the shrimp was not dry.  I liked my grilled honey BBQ skewers a lot better though.  Sweet, tangy, and juicy, they went great with a dash of hot sauce.  Thing I really hated on my dish?  Rice pilaf.  Why is rice pilaf served anywhere?  It is usually horrible!  I just can't get my taste buds to ever like it.  I liken it to having birdseed on one's plate.  It's useless!  Please afford me the luxury of choosing white rice or potatoes over this.  I would even take another steamed veggie over rice pilaf.  Rice pilar is PILAU!  That's Hawaiian for 'yucky'.  Wifey went with garlic alfredo shrimp and scallop pasta, and that wasn't much better.  It was a bit too creamy, very rich, and hard to finish in one sitting.  It had a decent amount of shrimp, but I'm not a fan of those itty-bitty baby scallops they put in it.  It's like scallop leftovers.  It would have been much, much better if Red Lobster had put 2 lovely scallops on top of the dish.  But I realize they have to cut corners somewhere to offer a decent price on your meal.I actually enjoyed the 4th course the most, dessert.  We tried the triple chocolate brownie a la mode, and the apple crostada with caramel drizzle.  These actually were pretty good.  The brownie was gooey and not overbaked, and was yummy with the scoop of vanilla ice cream melting on top.  The apple crostada was good as well, flaky with a good amount of apples in the middle.  I only wish this was served a la mode as well.Service was very slow but our waiter was apologetic so that made up for it.  But the food just wasn't up to par for me.  I would probably rather go to a local pub for a fresh batch of fish & chips, or to a down-home southern eats place here for some fried catfish with hot sauce.  Chain like Red Lobster?  MEH.
2	Darden Restaurants, if you want to know why your chain is slipping put upper management on the next flight to McCarran and pay this location a visit. 2 visits, 1 week apart, 3 people the first visit, 5 on the second. And all of us including my 2 year old think you suck donkey balls. Let's explain why. It all starts with SERVICE. I don't mind waiting but first come, first serve is the way it works. When the hostess knows someone and gets them seated before you, not cool. My money is just as good as theirs. Next up, no my 2 year old doesn't want the lobster dog and pony show with you reaching into the big tank by the front door to show him one. He doesn't do lobster, he does mac & cheese, and you suck at that which I'll cover in a second. Then I'd like to sit at a different table for once. 5 visits in 90 days, same table 4 out of 5 visits. Then when we're seated come over and give us a menu. Take a drink order. Bring some biscuits. Don't stall for 10 min while you go talk to someone else, or go stare out the window or dream of the bong you're going to hit after work. Get moving!Furthermore, I know RL is not cheap despite all that crappy cattle call advertising you're doing of late. I want tiny shrimp on my salad, I want that big plate, I don't mind dropping good money on it. Don't try and steer me towards a plate I don't want that costs less, I know what I want. It's why I walked in the door. And then when you finally take my order don't forget about us. Send a tea refill around once in awhile, we're in a desert you know, we're thirsty and willing to pay to quench our thirst. And then when the food arrives, that is not the time to spring THE SURVEY OF DOOM on me. "OMG, like we're doing this big survey thingee, and if you do it I get extra bong money, and if you don't I'm gonna get wrote up or fired"...how about shut the heck up and let me eat and don't spring the SURVEY OF DOOM on me until you bring my check? I don't want to be trying to eat a crab leg or coconut shrimp thinking that if I don't fill out the survey you're going to be out of a job. Not cool, at all. Then when we get through eating, how about clearing the table, and not bringing up the survey again? And as you pick up my son's plate notice something. He's two. Two year olds like mac & cheese for the most part. My 2 year old will even eat my feeble attempts to make mac & cheese, but he spits out the crap you called mac & cheese and put on his plate. When my 2 year old thinks you suck, you suck. Simple as that. Last but not least I don't mind you asking about dessert, you got to try and do the upsale and I get that. But don't spring the survey on me again and just give me my check without the dramatics. And finally, one last time no my son doesn't want to see your damn lobsters. Keep your hands off my child and let us walk out the door without feeling like we just had to go through the entire front line of an NFL team just to get to the exit. 2 Stars. Coconut shrimp and crap legs cover for a multitude of sins, emotional distress, and the feeling of being mugged, especially when you get the bill and realize how much you dropped for a mediocre at best experience.
3	We went to Red Lobster for lunch just after 2 PM.  It was moderately busy but we were quickly seated.  All three of us had the Endless Shrimp and between us, we had most of the varieties.  All were good, but nothing spectacular.  Service was not exactly speedy, but wasn't slow enough to put me off either.  Everyone was extremely courteous and pleasant.  $57.00 for three lunch specials was more than I am used to paying in a town known for inexpensive food, but it wasn't unexpected.  All-in-all, just as the rating says "A-OK".
1	Ripoff prices, poor service with mistakes, only two fresh fish, sadly I must report Red Lobster has dropped from four stars in past to one star now.  Wayne Gorsek
3	Its Red Lobster, not fine dining so I am going to be fair on this review and give it 3 stars. Lets be honest - you get what you pay for. I went in yesterday with Hubby and both kids for lunch. They have some good promos running right now so that was a plus. Our server was interesting, lol. He was quite talkative and literally gave his his agenda each time he came to the table. For example we ordered our drinks and before leaving the table he told us - " I am going to put the order in, make your iced tea, grab some sugar, stop by the bar and pick up the chocolate milk for the kids and be right back." I didn't mind the play by play but it almost seemed as if he was reminding himself more than us what needed to be done. OK so onto the important stuff. The kids meals are huge!! For $6 my son got a dinner salad (adult sized) a chocolate milk (free refills) 4 large chicken tenders and an order of fries. Not a bad deal at all! It would have been more than enough to feed both the kids and I would have only ordered 1 had I known. I ordered the a soup and salad lunch special and the hubby ordered shrimp scampi/chicken tender lunch combo. Overall the food tasted good and came out in a reasonable amount of time. Now for the reason they got 3 stars - The kids drinks never made it to the table. we eventually flagged down another employee and had them bring them out. My husband didn't like his lemonade (it is the lite version with artificial sweetener) so he ordered a replacement drink. The server never brought it out but the manager must have seen it waiting at the bar to be delivered and eventually did bring it to our table. I wanted Tabasco for my soup and after asking for it started eating my salad waiting for it to arrive. About 10 minutes later, after my soup had chilled to luke warm, the manager came back to our table and apologized saying they couldn't find any... no hot sauce, really?As mentioned, you get what you pay for. It was still an enjoyable experience and I would go back.
4	All I see is a bunch of mixed reviews for this specific location.  For me, I think this was one of the better Red Lobster's I've been to and I've been to a lot.  Most of the Red Lobsters I've been to in California always include a long wait.  I have yet to wait more than 10 minutes at a Las Vegas/Henderson Red Lobster.Let's start with service.  Been to this specific location about 4 times.  I remember one time meeting a friend here 30 minutes before they closed.  I showed up in time, but she was running late.  She showed up 10 minutes before closing and the restaurant still managed to serve us with a smile and no attitude.  I know, that's their job, but a lot of restaurants show that they are not happy when you arrive minutes before they close.  They kept the kitchen open for us even after closing.  What I will never forget is that they continued to check on us and basically asked permission if they can shut certain parts of the kitchen down.  Now, that's good service. -Food:  If you have not been to Red Lobster before, they offer basically what any other seafood restaurant offers.  They specialize in price because it's much cheaper to eat seafood here than any other seafood restaurant (no don't Long John Silvers).  -Bottomless Shrimp:  I don't know if this is daily or all the time.  But I have had it in the past.  Their fried shrimp has more batter than shrimp, but still pretty good. -Seaside Shrimp Trio:  Is a favorite when in the mood for shrimp.  It's shrimp pasta, fried shrimp, and garlic shrimp-Tilapia and Cod  I put these all together, but their cod is really good.  Big thick pieces of flaky fish.  Tilapia is prepared pretty good to.  Both are not fishy.  -Steaks:  Mixed reviews here.  Had steaks here come too dry.  Had some come too juicy. Then had some just right.  Not as good as a Ruth Chris' but definitely better than a Chili's or Denny's. -Lobster:  My opinion, one of my favorites.  Portions small thought. -Stuffed Sole:  Tried once and only recently.  Did not fill me up, but still good.  Order an appetizer!!-Glazed Chicken:  I know it's a seafood restaurant, but have stopped by for lunch just for their chicken breast.  About 7 total oz and usually have the sauce put on the side.-Calamari and Fried Vegetables:  An oxymoron, but you'll find it all gone before your soup arrives.  Usually gone from me and yes, the only way I will eat vegetables. -Red Lobster Biscuits:  Don't remember the actual name, but this is a must on every visit.  So good and perfect to dip into you chowder. Overall....I think you get more than what you pay for at this restaurant.  Regarding service,  I've always had good service.  One of the reviewers mentioned poor service because they were seated after someone that came in later. I have to admit, they once or twice, have done that for me. I'm not a regular or a baller, but sometimes it can be due to how big your party is and how you talk to them. Ha ha..flirting can go a long ways sometimes.
5	This Red Lobster gets a perfect 5 stars for 2 important reasons.1. In addition to offering always fresh seafood, Red Lobster's salads, appetizers, and other normal fare is top-notch. Some of the best salads and most creative appetizers I have seen at ANY restaurant.2. The service here is amazing. I have never had a bad waiter/waitress here. Especially hospitable is Janice. We often ask for her when we dine here.
4	First the restaurant was nice and clean and there was a very long wait.  They pretty much gave us enough time to look at the lobster tank.It's a bit weird to review a seafood dining place considering how super picky of an eater I am and how much I loathe the taste of fish food, but I have to say that I was pleasantly surprised at the new menu.First look I couldn't believe that they had boneless buffalo wings.  You better believe I ordered those right away!  With a side of mozzarella sticks and ranch.The server that served us was actually the manager.  She was super nice and answered any questions the other family members at my table had asked.  Drinks and the delicious bread rolls were brought In a timely manner which is always a plus.We received our food without incident and we all devoured the food like thanksgiving wasn't the day before.  Thanks to the servers and Riannon the manager for making an experience I was dreading for actually making it a very tasty meal.
3	This is a biased review because I don't like seafood.  I know right, WTF?  Going to a seafood place when I don't like seafood.  Well I came here because my wife loves seafood and I wanted to take her someplace of her choice.  They do have some non-seafood dishes.  I ordered some pizza with chicken on it.  It was pretty good, but the special sauce on it was a little overpowering.  My wife and son both enjoyed their meals, and the service was very good.  I just dislike the smell of seafood, so sitting there was rough for me, but that's the price of making the family happy sometimes..lol
2	RED LOBSTERS NEW CLAIM TO FAME IS THEY HAVE FISH EXPERTS ON HAND TO FIX YOUR FOOD. LMAO REALLY BECAUSE THEY SO CALLED EXPERT CANT FRY FISH AS COMMON AS CAT....THAT'S CATFISH The staff are nice and they are updating their look. But they need to hire better cooks. I think they may have a pastry chef cooking fish. Because that's just what I ordered. Lord why me? That's all I was busy thinking all that night. The fish was taken back 4 times. Couples ate and left and they still brung me half done catfish. So, they cooked it 4 times and its still not done. It's catfish my god daughter who is 8 can fry catfish.Everything was perfect but the catfish. It makes me ponder how many chefs does it take to cook catfish at Red Lobster? It's fried catfish people. UGH! Anyway I will return and give them another chance to please me. However I will order chicken or some other dish. Red Lobster has made me a little angry because I cut the fish into 3 and they just kept re-frying the same 3 fish its like hello can someone get a clue and send new catfish to the table. So the manager took it off my ticket. On the way out I took a picture of the Lobsters inside the tank and went home. Yes they told me they was sorry a million times. I am to I'm sorry I had to look at uneatable fish and could not have a nice dinner with my husband.
1	Slow slow slow.  This is my first time ever in life not leaving a tip.  I had to beg my waiter for the cheddar bay biscuits and had to wait forever for my meal and my check.  One star for poor customer service.  The food was average.
4	So living here in las vegas i have pretty much been to all of the red lobster's in town and i would have to say that this location in Henderson has to be the best one! From the service to the food all across the board! They have the nicest waitress i forget her name she is a cute little asian lady and i seriously come here just because of her! Stays on top of everything! And check's in all the time to make sure that the food and service is good as well. Just visited here recently right before the lobster fest was over and had another great visit! Keep up the good work you guys!
4	Not any bad thing I can say about Red Lobter  because its my grandmas favorite place to go so once or twice a year Red Lobster here we come.
1	What a disappointment!  I don't even want to do this review!  When we first arrived, there was a lot of  people waiting to be seated.  So when we got to the hostess, she took our name, and we decided to sit and have a drink.  As were sitting there, we noticed there were plenty of seats available.  I guess they want you to think there that busy...DUHHHH, I can see all the tables that are clean and available!  What ever!  So we get called for our table about 15 min later.  As I'm looking at the menu, nothing really looked good to me!  Well except for the stuffed mushrooms, and a lobster pizza!  I went with the mushrooms, they were really good.  There biscuits seemed too salty!  Wow, I like some seasoning on my food, but DAYMMMM!   Since we really didn't seem that hungry (I think the menu just turned us off)  We decided to do the 2 for $25.00 Bad choice.  I got the seafood linguini, ughhhh, like I could have made this at home!  There was nothing special about this it wasn't even worth $3.99l  My husband ordered Honey Garlic Crispy Shrimp!  Ummm, when you say crispy, your expecting some crunch, right?  His shrimp was soggy, and the rice was weird, I love rice!  I didn't even like it!  I will be back, because there lunch menu seems so much better!  Not only that, I should have just gotten the lobster pizza!  This will be my last visit, if they don't have there game on point!
4	Lobster Pot Pie Was Good But Cheddar Bay Biscuits Always Rule...
4	We came here on a Monday afternoon to order off their lunch special. We got 1. Grilled chicken sandwich2. Shrimp tacos3. Strawberry lemonadefor $23- Lunch Specials: M-F 11-3pm. $7.99. Great deal!- Fresh bread- After 3pm, they have their 'Take 5' Deal. 5 for $5 from 3-6pm- If you come at 230, you can receive the best of both worlds!- Great chicken sandwich. Tasty- 4-5 pieces of either fried or grilled shrimp. Flavorful. Tortilla and rice were a bit hard. - Flavorful drink. No refills.- Great service. Bryan was friendly and attentive. - Better alternative for an American lunch compared to Red Robin during 11-3. Otherwise, I prefer RR simply bc bottomless fries and flavored drinks.
3	It was just ok. We haven't been to a Red Lobster since we moved here from back east.  Hubby wanted the cheedar biscuits and we were in the area which is why we decided to drop in.... again it wasn't bad but I don't think we'll be back
4	I never eat hear, except for special occasions. Always have good service and reasonable food.
2	I always have great expectations when I got to Red Lobster especially after watching their commercials.  But after I go I feel like I've been in a Denny's for Seafood.   Blah....
4	1st time at this location. We came for lunch and it was delicious! Place was clean, staff was nice and our server was attentive. Place was packed because of lunch but our food didn't take long. We'll be back 4 sure!
1	Well....all I can say is.....if I was you.....I'd go elsewhere!!!  I went to this Red Lobster on Marks St. in Henderson about a year ago....and I got food poisoning....badly!  So I vowed never to return.  Then I made a dumb decision to go back again last weekend!  I had the Admirals Platter....and let me tell you.....I got extremely sick again from food poisoning for 3 days....and my mother did as well!!!  I don't know where they get their seafood from....but CLEARLY something is not right at this location!!!  I've learned my lesson the hard way....and will never ever return to this dump again!
5	Awwwww, Cheddar Bay Biscuits! Really, what more can I add to Cheddar Bay Biscuits?  Those things must be made with crack because you will be addicted after the first bite.  Yummy!Ok, ok, now to the review!  Red Lobster is an A-OK restaurant in my book.  I don't visit it often, but when I do, I always enjoy my meal.  It isn't fancy, but it sure is tasty.  The prices are pretty reasonable for what you get.  They often have great specials, like the 4 course meal for $16.99, which includes soup, salad, entree, and dessert.  Oh, and the best part, unlimited Cheddar Bay BiscuitsI   RL also has some great lunch specials for when you want something smaller and cheaper.  Most of the lunch specials are $7.99, which is pretty good for some seafood.   I always feel like I got a great deal when the bill arrives for lunch or dinner.  The menu is pretty big and quite diverse as well.  If you like shrimp, you are in luck because there always seems to be at least a dozen different types of shrimp.  They also have lots of other seafood options to suit everyone in your group.  Don't like seafood?  That's ok too, because they have steak, chicken, and beef options as well.  Everyone should be happy in your party.  If anything, everyone can just eat the unlimited Cheddar Bay Biscuits.  Have I mentioned how amazing those suckers are yet? Yum!The food over all is ok.  The dishes are ok.  Nothing is really special or outstanding, but it gets the job done.  The super highlight of the menu is the chicken tortilla soup.  It is super duper yummy and I think my favorite thing at RL.  It is a chain restaurant, so at least you always know what to expect, no matter which location you are at.I would normally give Red Lobster a 3 star rating because it is a-ok in my book, but I have to add a couple of stars due to my most recent visit.  I was with my mom, mother in law, and daughter after a fun night out.  When we first arrived, my daughter ran to the lobster tank, which is what she always does.  She loves to look at them and tell me all about them.  It was slow when we walked in and the host noticed how much she was en trailed with the lobsters.  He offered to let her pet one, which we totally went for.  He pulled out a bad boy and let us pet him.  I had to go first because everyone else was scared.  It turns out the rest of the ladies I was with are scared of lobsters.  Oh well, at least I can scratch "Pet a lobster" off of my bucket list now.Well during dinner, my 2 year daughter decided she didn't want to eat and just wanted to look at the lobsters.  We took turns taking her up there to stare at the lobsters.  On one of the trips, she decided she wanted a chip from one of the plates to take with her up there.  She was eating the chip and staring at lobsters when she started to choke on the chip.  She was turning red, then was having trouble breathing due to the chip in her throat.  The host and one of the grandma's was with her, and started to help her get the chip out.  She got it out all right.....By vomiting ALL over the place.  Yes, we were THOSE people.  Luckily it went all over the floor and Grandma (poor grandma) and not on other people or the lobsters.  The team at Red Lobster totally handled it, continued to help my kiddo, who was freaking out, got it all cleaned up, and gave us a ton of wet towels to get everyone cleaned up.  Several of the people even came by to check on my kiddo and our group to make sure we were all ok.  They totally went above and beyond what was needed for the incident.  I felt awful for the mess we had made, but they all kept telling me not to worry about it and they seemed to really mean it.  This was customer service at it's best!Thanks again Red Lobster for all of the help you gave us and sorry for the mess!
2	I'm giving this review 2 stars only because the food wasn't so bad but I had dinner there today with my family (party of six) and the hostess, I believe her name was Gia was extremely rude to me and my father, she had a really nasty attitude. Our server Anthony wasn't bad except for the fact that he threw all 6 drink coasters from one side of the table as if he was dealing cards. I mean, I've been in the restaurant marketing business for over 10 years and have done business with over 50 restaurants and I've never seen such thing. Even if he was trying to be cool, that's definitely not the kind of service I expect from my server. I also overheard the table next to us complain about their server. Looks like they need to train their employees in order to provide better service. I'd like to go back there in the near future so I can write a better review but if I have to deal with this kind of service again, I'm done with this restaurant!  Thank you
4	I had read an article about the Red Lobster chain closing so i needed to visit at least one more time before that happened.I had been to many locations of Red Lobsters but this location was a first for me.  I know it's just a little thing but I love it when they are there to open the doors for me.  We were there for an early lunch so we were seated immediately.  Erik, our waiter, walked over with his permanent smile on his face.  I only mention that because every time he came over there was a huge smile.  Fabulous!   He was a great waiter. Our drinks were never empty and very attentive to our needs.We started off with the sweet chili shrimp.  It was perfect for us to share!  It had just enough spice with the sweet flavor of the sauce.  I loved it.  My lunch was delivered shortly thereafter.  Wood grilled shrimp tacos were calling my name.  They were full of good sized shrimp with a tangy sauce.  Three tacos seemed like almost too much but I managed to power through.  The broccoli on the side was steamed perfectly.  Overall my stomach was really happy!This location was clean with plenty of parking.  The service and food is great! if that was my last Red Lobster visit, it was a great one!
4	I don't cook, so I dine out A LOT!  Great service is what I demand and today I got great service! Farrah our Food Server was on top of it, not only does she greet you with a smile, she is just as friendly as can be.. Our lunch was AWESOME!! Farrah kept our drinks filled, checked on us repeatedly and suggested great choices for us. I say keep up the good work, because I will be back! I am Happy Happy Happy!
4	Well besides sitting at a huge table for two people, the service was good and the food was good even tho it took me and my date forever to figure out what we were going to eat, he decided on the 4 course meal and I got the trio. But those biscuit make you wanna slap your mama there really good. I really enjoyed myself we even took some biscuits home. We also found out that there busyness day is Mother's Day just a lil side note.
3	It was my first time here and I ordered the salmon with shrimp scampi and it was delish! The salmon cooked just right not too juicy as I likes it and the shrimp in that sauce was soooo good! I'm looking forward to more visits so I can update this further.
4	Service was excellent! My wife and I were so pleased with how attentive the waitstaff was and how we had to wait for nothing. They were on top of our drink refills and the food is always wonderful.
5	Food was amazing & portions were extremely fair. Our waitress "Janis" was so friendly & gracious. We will definitely be going back
2	I am wondering if we were just here on an off night because the reviews for this place aren't bad. I just can't give it any more stars. The service was horrible. We sat at the table for 10 minutes with out drinks. When we ordered, I got a sangria and water, and my husband a peach tea and water. First they brought the wrong tea, my sangria was correct, but no waters. I had to ask her twice before she brought them. She asked us if we wanted another basket of bisqiuts, we said yes!  Well, we never received that second basket. We got the pound shrimp with potatoes and corn. The potatoes were ok, but the corn was soggy. When we were leaving, our waitress was texting on her phone. Guess she was too busy doing that to serve our drinks.  If you like slow service and no drinks, then I guess you would enjoy this place.I left my debit card there, and sadly had to come back. I went the next evening to get it, and it took almost ten minutes for the manager to come up. I sat there forever. They were not busy. They had to call back to the manager twice. I guess I shouldn't of expected it to be a fast trip considering our service the night before. We won't be returning.
3	Well, its hard for me to admit but I was wrong about this one. I was in the mood for Seafood Saturday night and just wasn't happy with Kings fish house last visit. Someone mentioned Red Lobster and my first thought was that it was a mediocre chain restaurant. We called to see how busy it was and they said less than 10 minutes. When we arrived there was plenty of parking and it looked pretty nice on the inside, only a few people ahead of us. Sure enough we were seated in about 10 minutes. Our waiter arrived and took our drink orders. At first glance the prices do seem pretty high but if you keep looking there are plenty of reasonably priced options. I went with the jumbo lump crab topped salmon. We were of course served the cheddar biscuits and a nice salad (all included) before the dinner came.The dinner arrived piping hot and was a generous portion. It was served with rice and green beans. The fish was really good, cooked perfectly and had a wonderful lobster sauce with plenty of crab on top. We got out of there for under $50 for two dinners and drinks which I thought was a pretty good deal. My only negative comment would be that the cheddar biscuits were quite salty and some menu items were pretty high priced ($25-30). Other than that I was pleasantly surprised and would definitely return.
4	When I came here back in July for my birthday it's was fairly late maybe 8:30 at the latest we were sat n it literally took us 30 minutes before our waiter came to take our orders! We later found out that he was the bartender and the waiter.  Which is ridiculous the bar had about 5 people sitting there he had to serve n one lady was talking his ears off which took us forever to get our food. That wasn't his fault, it's red lobsters for being cheap and understaffed. That's the reason I took a star off other then that it was an okay visit the waiter was pleasant it just took forever. I also went here last night for the endless shrimp we got there at 9pm. We had an amazing waitress her name was Fabiola. She never let our glasses get empty , she was very nice, and she kept our shrimp coming at a steady pace. Even after 10 when the restaurant was closed she still let us order another dish. When I come back to red lobster I'm defiantly going to ask for her to be my waitress.
5	I have never such amazing service than i had at red lobster on marks st. From the beginning to the end, it was the best experience i have had in quite some time. Make sure that when you go, sit in hollys section. If it wasnt for her, i dont know if the experience would have been as amazing.
2	I have always heard rumors of how amazing their biscuits were and so last night we decided to double date it out, to have a drink and indulge in biscuit madness. FACT: the biscuits were fantastic and so was the service. BUT as for my meal, I would have had a much better review if I weren't sick to my stomach right now with food poisoning. I am officially a zombie in this state. I ordered the tray of oysters as an appetizer and I regret that decision immensely at the moment. My cousin and her bf ordered the endless shrimp and crab and didn't seem to have any issues with their meals, but it must have been a bad day to pick oysters. On a positive note, the bartender was great at mixing drinks but I am now fighting to retain any bodily fluids possible so just BEWARE OF THE OYSTERS! I had to give them two measly stars for the service, biscuits and drinks but I don't think I will be going back to this location ever again. They obviously do not store and prepare their seafood properly, nor do they dispose of spoiled food as they should rather than serving it to customers. So keep that in mind before you order.
3	I give them 3 stars for the great service from our servers. Other than that their mediocre food took forever to come and we had plenty of time to get the sides to settle so by the time the shrimps arrived we are half way full. I might come back only for the biscuits.
5	everything was awesome biscuits fish salad service price no negatives in any area.
5	Fabulous meal! Shared appetizer and meal.  Roasted Garlic Mussels - New Wood Grilled Lobster, Shrimp and Salmon over Green Beans and Baby Gold Potatoes. More than enough food for 2. (ate appetizer with meal) Service started out great but as it got busier server struggled a little, but was very friendly. Forgot our biscuits but the bread served with the mussels was very good. He was apologetic when realized he'd forgotten biscuits and small fork we had asked for. No conplaints on any of the food, was all very good!! Like the menu changes, look forward to trying more.
1	We are very disappointed in how rude the manager handled a situation.  We were waiting for a table and it happened to be national prohibition anniversary and I seen a lady sitting alone drinking a margarita I asked her politely of there was a way I could take a picture of just her hand and her drink and told her the story I was doing and she said no I don't feel comfortable I said not a problem then went back to waiting for our table.  Once we finally were escorted to our seat many of minutes later the manager as we we were seated started yelling at me in front of all the customers were we were seated saying that the customer was upset and to not ask any one else.  It was already embarrassing enough for me to have asked the lady in the first place. Then the table next to us asked us what was that all about?  If she just would have said it quieter or not allowed for everyone to hear but my husband was so embarrassed we left immediately. :(.  The server seemed so nice and said please don't go.  I probably was in the wrong to have asked but she could have said something before we were seated or not so loud for everyone to hear.  :(
