5	I have been going to Golden Valley since I was a kid, and it's always been fantastic.  The food is great, extra cheap, and can be cooked just how you want it.  I love their hot and sour soup and lemon chicken especially.Your water glass is never empty! Service is good.Norah is right, Tom is the shiznit.  Fantastically nice service, and it's genuine.  if you go there more than a couple of times, it's a good chance he will remember you.  On busy nights he isn't so much waiting tables as running around talking with friends.Highly recommended.
5	Read a couple of reviews about this place and since i didn't live to far from the place, I decided to check it out.  My first impression was meeting the nice waiter and i think the owner.  Very polite and and happy.  Most places usually just sit you down and walk away.  But this guy was wanting to know how the day went and always had conversation. When he gave me the menu, I was delighted to see a open type letter inside the menu that introduced the owner and chef and his experience.  I tried the chicken chow mein and some tea.  I don't know the traditional way of a good chow mein but from where i come from, the place that i grew up eating chow mein used lots and lots of bean sprouts.  I've been to many asian eateries and found only one in the valley that compares to what i grew up eating.  I must say the the chow mein here is pretty comparible to what i am used to!!  Great flavor and huge portion.  I am going to be visiting this place more often.  Thanks for the great food!!
5	This is my favorite Chinese restaurant in Mesa. They give you pretty good sized dishes. The owner is really nice and always attentive. We haven't been there in a while but he still remembers our family! The Orange Beef is my favorite but everything on their menu is really well done!
5	I have been going to Golden Valley for 10 years and (admittedly) I have brought quite a string of boyfriends through there!  Tom (the owner) is always friendly, ready to meet someone new, and impresses EVERYONE by remembering what they order to drink, what level of spice they like, and what they typically order.  Their waitstaff is always outstanding.  If you show up 15 minutes 'til close you are still more than welcome to dine-in.  The portion sizes are phenomenal, the prices are great, and this is THE best eggroll you will ever have - hands down.
2	Tried this place for the first time today for lunch.  It was OK. Not spectacular. We had the chicken chow mein lunch special. Prices are good.  I found it odd that this particular lunch special comes with a side of egg foo yung.  I'd prefer almost anything but that - considering the egg foo yung wasn't at all like others I've had. But an egg roll, chicken wing or finger or boneless ribs make much better side items. And the amount of rice you get was pitiful!  One small scoop the size of an ice cream scoop.  Rice is the filler - there should have been more of it.  The chow Mein tasted ok - it wasn't bad or anything.  We've just had better.
5	This is my favorite restaurant in the whole world.  The owner Tom is truly a great friend of me and my family.  We have been going there since they opened in 1998. The food is great and the prices are very affordable, especially for the amount of food you receive.  This one place where the odds slim that you will ever reach the half way point of your glass before they refill it.  I've have taken loads of friends and colleagues here and have yet to hear a bad comment.  I notice during the lunch hours that Golden Valley is a hit for folks who are taking lunch breaks with their co-workers.  I have also seen plenty of families gather to celebrate a special occasions.This a simply a wonderful family oriented restaurant with a good personality and warm atmosphere.And we all lived happily ever after..... THE END! :-) ha ha
2	Ugh, my first night in mesa I went and picked this food up. I had no internet and no food in my house  so I had to use proximity as my only judgment of where to eat. There were a lot of people eating here, so that made me feel hopeful for a minute. When I got the food home it was some of the worst food I've had in a long time. I ordered chicken chow mein and it came with those noodles from a bag. The crispy ones used to dip in sweet sauce, not pan fried noodles. Now that may have been my mistake, but what wasn't was that the chicken that was supposed to go over top was poor quality and had this weird white gooey tasteless 'sauce' on it. I couldn't eat it. My boyfriend got sweet and sour chicken which also was poor quality and was not good. I would not recommend this place.
4	Let me start by saying I am very picky when it comes to dining out. Chinese food is about the only dining experience I ever look forward to going to, so I'm always looking for the next best place to get Chinese. Let me also say that I frequented a Chinese restaurant back in Pennsylvania that was absolutely the best, so my expectations are high and I've been trying to find one that can maybe please me here in Arizona. Golden Valley comes pretty damn close to being as good as my favorite place back home.Don't let the looks fool you, I went with a friend and its in a tiny run down strip mall and you can barely tell its open. As the old saying goes, don't judge a book by its cover. Once we got in, it kind of smells and looks like a pizza shop, but all the Chinese authenticies your used to are present here. This restaurant is actually run by Asian people as well, as one of my pet peeves is when you go to a Chinese restaurant that's basically an American restaurant that just serves poor interpretations of Chinese good. At Golden Valley, its very authentic.  Let me avoid rambling though and get to the point.  Food is priced great, with entrees ranging from $7-$9.  You get an absolute ton of food as well, and while I'm accustomed to getting enough for two meals, they give you a plate so big and so overflowing its enough for 3 FULL meals and perhaps even 4 smaller ones.  It's definitely a great value.The staff is extremely friendly and courteous.  The owner Tom is very friendly, and I have even had some great conversations with him when the restaurant is less busy and I was eating by myself.  Even when I had not visited the restaurant in two months, Tom remembered my name, and recalled stuff we talked about 2 months ago.  It was a very nice hospitable feeling.The food comes fast too. Most entrees took only 5-10 minutes to come out.  The food itself also tastes pretty damn good, and I would definitely go back again. Not the best by far, but certainly somewhere I would like to go again. I give this review 4 of 5 stars because everything was perfect except the meat used in the dishes. I got a chicken dish, and my friend a beef dish, and the meat in both our dishes was definitely "mystery meat" The meat was a little fattier than I expected. and had tiny bits of cartilage in it.  The meal would have been next to perfect if I wasn't swallowing or having to spit out crunchy cartilage or fat deposits every few bites or so.  I can't speak for the beef, but the chicken was obviously just very poor thigh, wing, and leg meat, and very fatty ones at that.  I will go back though as while not the best, it was a good meal, and hopefully they will get better quality meat.  Food and service is still so good though that despite this, it's worth checking this place out.
5	Very nice friendly service. Food very good and prices really reasonable. Big portions
1	The food was no bueno, and I'm a little terrified that the only two diners robbed the place after I left. Very nice staff...and the prepackaged fortune cookie was tasty!
5	I have to say that for the money this may be the best bang for your buck! A huge plate of QUALITY Chinese food for under $6.00??? That's exactly what it is. I recommend this place to everyone I know and every time they say the same thing..... Simply the best!
3	Surprisingly not bad...and super cheap for the portion size and service. I liked that it wasn't too greasy. Recommend the vegetarian options (soup with tofu was clean and bright tasting and the mushroom/tofu/chestnuts dish was tasty as well. The standards like General Tso's and the Peppered Beef were also good.
5	I loved this place! I am picky about Chinese food, and the food I received here was delicious and quick. The servers were extremely polite and friendly. I felt welcomed from the moment I walked in. I will definitely return next time I am in Mesa!
5	Ive had a lot of Chinese in my time its my favorite food. This place is top for the price! $7 for a dinner entree? And it doesn't have msg in it? UH YES!! I will be back here soon!
5	Went here again recently with family, was again amazing! So worth the price!No noise for one was awesomeNice quiet meal with family. :)
4	Overall a very good Chinese restaurant.  The Orange chicken, Beef broccoli and Triple delight a very good.  The Teriyaki chicken was just ok and the egg roll was good, but not great. Very reasonably priced very good food.
2	I ordered the sweet and sour shrimp and egg foo young and was dissapointed with the lack of flavor, the dry texture and the overall quality. I have good interactions with an employee there, so I added a star.The egg foo young was a dry, flavorless, seemingly premade patty. The sauce was alright, the chicken and veggies were good. Part of my disappointment is that I prefer a freshly made patty with the veggies and meat mixed in and a slightly thinner sauce.The sweet and sour shrimp wasn't high in flavor and was dry and could have used some more sauce.I believe I was dissapointed with the food the last time I ordered there as well, so I'm going to have to scratch this restaurant off of my list. It seems a lot of people like this place, so maybe it's just that my preferences don't mesh with this restaurant's output.
5	Fabulous food! Never disappointed! Amazing people, your glass is never empty and your plate is loaded with freshly prepared deliciousness! Family owned - a diamond!
3	Somewhat surprised by this place. Placed to go order over the phone and food was ready in 10-15 mins. General location is left to be desirable-- run down strip mall that seems like a ghost town. But food was ok for a local Chinese restaurant. Not spectacular by any means but you get what you pay for. Host was friendly and welcomed us to the neighborhood as we mentioned we had just moved to the area.
4	This is a old favorite! I have been coming here since I was in High School and I am never disappointed. Fried rice and the fan favorite Orange Chicken are amazing
