5	This new Thai RESTURANT is very authentic and everything I have eaten there is very delicious    The service is outstanding    I have eaten there several times  since it opened     I especially like basil fried rice  green curry   Duck noodle soup   Everytime I try something new and never disappointed    I will return soon very soon
5	I was originally looking for Lily's Thai and Vietnamese food since it was super close to my house, but i think it closed down? I decided to give this place a try. Let me just say  Wow!  I found my Thai restaurant here in Vegas :) I had the best service that I had in a long time. I ordered take out and I decided to wait at the restaurant and while I was waiting, the owner gave me a free Thai ice tea and asked if I wanted to play on his iPad haha. I ordered pad thai, crab ragoon, mixed vegetables with tofu, and panang curry with duck! All were equally amazing! Give this place a try!
5	This new Thai restaurant is ROCK!!!I'm a BIG fan of curries so I've been looking for a great curry dish around the town but unfortunately I couldn't find one. One day I drove pass by this Thai restaurant (they're just open). Then I gave myself A TRY. I've tried a dish name PANANG CURRY and I'm in love with it !!! Also they have a lot of varieties of VEGETARIAN FOOD too.I would strongly recommend this Thai restaurant to my friends for sure.Finally, I found my best place with AWESOME FOOD!!!
5	This is a brand new restaurant and surprisingly, no kinks in their execution. Service is impeccable, prices are extremely fair and the food is stupendous. I've tried the following:Pad Thai - ExcellentIndian Curry Fried Rice - HeavenSpring Rolls - YummPad See Ew - PerfectPad Prik King - Hottt!Fried Banana with Mango Ice Cream - Sinfully deliciousTom Kha Soup - ComfortAll in all, everything here has been extremely tasty. Lunch specials range from $7 to $8 and include a spring roll and soup/salad. Dinner entrees are generally around $10. They have lots of vegetarian options and have I mentioned that their service is the best around. Highly recommended from a Thai Aficionado.
2	My Thai wife and I had dinner here. Female server was nice.  Shrimp noodle salad was just ok.  Pad See Eew Chicken was nasty and the crab fried rice came out as streamed rice strange and nasty. I guess they didn't have any rice to fry?  Also they never told us the credit card machine was not working when we arrived. Use your mobile phone there's an APP for that. I guess the real chef / cook was on break or vacation? My wife was wondering why the employees where eating in the front of the restaurant when we arrived not professional 6/15  6pm. Waste of money!  We will not be going back.
5	You'd better come here and try delicious Thai foods and also they have vegetarian food with awesome taste!!!Highly recommend !!!
5	While visiting Las Vegas we wanted to sample some off-the-strip excellent Asian food.  Was not disappointed. The Sea bass was incredible.  The spring rolls were delicious as well as the peanut sauce served with it.  The entire staff was extremely attentive to our every need and bent over backwards to make sure that the meal was as pleasant as possible.  This restaurant is a gem.  My only complaint not enough customers enjoying the food.  This restaurant has been open for six weeks.  This is a tough business.  Please give it a shot.  It deserves our support.BTW, the cost for the four of us was less than half of a meal on the strip.
5	This place has an awesome vegetarian/vegan menu option!! My friends and I ordered veggie springs rolls for appetizers, then we ordered the red curry, pad thai, pad see eew, and Mongolian tofu for our entrees.  Everything was very tasty.  We ordered half of the dishes spicy ( red curry & pad thai)  and boy it was spicy!!  I can't really handle spicy so I ordered the Mongolian tofu and pad see eew with a spice level of 1.. ha.  All of this was $43!!!!!!  so the price is right!! LOL. The service was good.  The waitress was very friendly and came back to check up on us.  She even refilled our water glasses without us having to ask.The ambiance is not really there... but it doesn't matter too much to me.. just as long as the food is good.  I love that this restaurant caters to the vegan lifestyle.  The whole back of the menu is for vegetarians/vegans.  The front of the menu has all the meat options. I am definitely coming back to this place to try more dishes... i even wanna hit up the lunch menu!! I recommend this place and give the vegetarian.vegan menu a try.. it was not disappoint.
5	I came to Kinnaree last night for my birthday. As a vegetarian and a Thai food lover, I was really excited to see this place open up on my side of town.  The restaurant wasn't very busy when we got there, but since it is fairly new I figured they were still building up clientele. We ordered a Thai tea and a glass of wine which came out promptly. They have a separate vegetarian menu with meatless forms of all the Thai standards, and it includes options for adding soy duck, chicken, or fish.I started with a bowl of Tom Kha soup with tofu and vegetables. Tom Kha is my favorite Thai dish, and I order it at every Thai restaurant I try. This was hands down the best Tom Kha I have had in Las Vegas!  I highly recommend this soup when you come here. For our entrees we split an order of panang curry and the Kinnaree special noodles with added soy chicken. The curry was very savory and creamy, and the noodles were pan fried with their special sauce which I also found delicious.  All of the food was excellent and our server was very polite. We ordered all of the spicy meals at level 4 - I felt that it wasn't as spicy as a level 4 at Archi's or Lotus. Next time I will probably get a 6. At this point I had already decided that this was my new favorite local Thai restaurant, but what happened next really confirmed it. We went outside and discovered that we had a flat tire (and no spare). Our waitress came out to check on us when she saw us looking at the car. We were planning on calling a taxi, but our waitress insisted on offering us a ride home as it was near the end of her shift. She asked for 10 minutes to finish up, so we waited out in the lot. About five minutes later, her manager came out with a bottle of fix-a-flat and insisted on helping us plug the flat. Five minutes later, we were on our way home! He refused our offers to pay for the help, so we are going to go back for another dinner and to bring him a replacement bottle of fix-a-flat soon!
5	I love this restaurant because of the vegetarian menu! We were told that they even separate the cutlery and the pans when preparing the veggie dishes!The food is delicious, the waitress is super polite and helpful. Reasonable prices, delivery option.Strongly recommend!
3	Stumbled on this restaurant by accident. I was trying to find a thai/Vietnamese restaurant that used to be in it's place. Not a big deal, because when I yelped this new restaurant, there was a free eggroll check-in offer! Got to love free stuff..Anyway, walking in, i noticed that there's a sign for "2013 best restaurant". I'm not sure when this place opened, so I'm also not sure if that sticker belonged to the restaurant before it or not. (Both have had great reviews on yelp). The restaurant is quaint. Small but clean. Looks empty, even though there's paintings on the walls.  I'm assuming they're just THAT new. But as I was sitting there, a ton of people came in. Lunch time rush? It looked quite popular. To start, I ordered a thai tea. Sweet, yummy, refreshing.. can't really go wrong with thai tea. The free egg rolls were pretty standard.. vegetarian egg rolls. They may have been frozen actually.. but I'm not picky.For my entree I ordered the beef and meatball noodle soup. It was on the lighter side, the broth was clearer than I'm used to for a Thai beef soup. The flavor was not as intense as I was used to either. But it wasn't bad. Just different. It ended up being exactly what I needed as I wasn't feeling so well and wanted something really soupy vs flavorful.  My boyfriend ordered the fried pork and chinese broccoli. That was REALLY good. The fried pork belly was crunchy and fatty (if you're going to order pork belly, you have to know it's fatty to begin with. So no complaining here!). And the Chinese broccoli was cooked perfectly. Firm and crunchy on the outside, and soft on the inside - al dente. And the flavor was excellent. I think they use some kind of oyster sauce base, but they mixed it well with other flavors to dilute the strong oyster flavor. It's a must try!Overall, food was good, ambience was okay, and service was great.. I'd come back again.
5	I'm a huge fan of good Thai food, and this makes my top 3, easily. I'd go as far as to say it might even be my favorite in the city. These are big words, trust me.Between the tofu panang curry, the crispy pork with Chinese broccoli, and the pad see ew, I'd say the curry and the noodles were exceptional. The curry had a thickness to it that I've only found at one other place (Thai Style Noodle House) and all the vegetables were fresh and plentiful. The noodles, at first, looked light in flavor due to the light color, but from just the first bite we found this to be deceptive. They were packed full of the flavor we wanted. We quickly consumed the plate. The crispy pork was right there with the best we've had.The place is clean, and feels fresh inside. The owners are very nice and enthusiastic. We found out we had some shared interest in cars so that made for some great conversation. It was fun and the food was exceptional. You must stop in. It's that good.
5	Kinnaree is the best Thai place in town now. They have the best vegan Papaya Phad Thai, Green curry, Glass noodles, Penang curry.. The list goes on. The service is impeccable!! 10 out of 10 for this place! Go Kinnaree
5	We have visited Thailand many times and love the food.  So, being new to Las Vegas, we began our standard search for good Thai food a few month ago. We found this restaurant when we were looking for something closer to home. We are not vegetarians and wondered if we might be disappointed as many of the reviewers spoke highly of the veggie offerings but not so much about the food for we carnivores.  Well, we certainly were not disappointed.  The food was probably the best Thai food we have had outside of Thailand and we have tried many restaurant in Las Vegas and around the world. The Tom Kha Kai soup was the best, and the Pad Thai and Green curry did not disappoint and all came spiced as we asked.  The meal was also served with optional spices to add if desired, which is a much appreciated touch.  The service was outstanding, the price was very reasonable and we will be going back.
4	I came here based on the other reviews. I was not disappointed. I ordered from the vegetarian menu and had tom yum with vegetables, papaya salad, and spicy tofu basil. Everything was excellent. Only tip is that the vegetarian papaya salad and tom yum soup suffer from a lack of fish sauce. I recommend ordering it with the fish sauce if you are a pescatarian or a less devout vegetarian.
4	Very good. Tastes fresh. Great lunch specials. Excellent vegetarian options. I will return.
5	Excellent!!!!  The food was absolutely tasty with tons of flavor and the service was excellent.  I wanted to have pad see ewe, but since I was alone and on the road working, I knew the portion was going to be too much, so she offered to make it a lunch special for me!Also...they have free wifi!The interior was relatively modern and spacious for groups too!  Will stop in every time I'm in town!
5	Great neighborhood Thai restaurant! We have now dined here on two separate occasions and have had a great experience both times. The service was super friendly and quick, and the atmosphere is very nice. Over our two trips we sampled the Spicy Basil Chicken, Panang Tofu Curry, Pad Kee Mao,Spicy Basil Fried Rice, and the Fresh rolls. All of these were excellent, we loved the Curry and Basil Chicken so much we ordered them both times!Kinnaree offers many vegetarian options, they even have a separate veg menu, though this was not offered to use on our second visitWe are so happy to have found a great Thai restarant close to our new place! Kinnaree is second only to Komol as far as we are concerned!
5	It's not the best Thai I have ever had but it was very good.  The pad Thai was a bit bland for my taste but the pineapple fried rice was excellent and so was the curry.  A friend got the house special duck dish and loved it.   Duck is not my thing, but I tried it and it was quite delicious.   The service was also very attentive.
5	Excellent food!  They accommodated my vegan gluten free needs and even had an entire vegan menu.  Papaya pad Thai is the best.  Group of 8 so we tried lots of things and they were all fantastic.  Excellent service.  A must!!!
5	Ok, what's not to love about this place? Fast deliver, great food, and delivery fees are minimal. My favorite foods are the crunchy shrimp, yellow curry ,and the shrimp fried pineapple rice.
4	Mmm tasty! Thai Basil and Thai Curries are very solid - near the top of the heap. One of the big stars here is their Brown Rice which is a wild red variety. Soaks up the sauce/curry perfectly. Super nice service, and I can't wait to go back more often. Been twice in two months. They deserve to be very busy!Nice to learn that they deliver as well.
5	Great food, excellent and friendly service, highly recommended
3	In search for the best Thai in town!I usually start off with the Pad Kee Mao & Pad Ka Pao...if these are great, I come back and try the Panang Curry and others the next visit."Spicy Basil" aka Pad Ka Pao ($7.95): Chicken, Garlic, Chilies and Basil. This was a great rendition, although their "spicy" is not very spicy here.  I always ask for Thai Spicy : 10/10...I love to sweat, and feel like the flavor in Thai food is in the spices and heat.  Although it wasn't very hot, the flavor was still there and it was enjoyable.Pad Kee Mao ($7.95): Pork, Garlic, Hot Peppers, and Basil. This was BLAND, not spicy at all, and it was missing something...maybe not enough fish sauce?? Disappointing.  It was probably the least flavorful Pad Kee Mao I've had actually...in the noodles and the pork itself.Their Lunch Specials are fair prices and portions, and come with choice of soup or salad.  The salad had a pretty tasty peanut sauce, but the soup (not a fan of this soup) was on the bland side.  Stick with the salads here.Wasn't too impressed, so I doubt I will be back, but if you don't eat the Pad Kee Mao, chances are you will enjoy the food here.Pics! :
5	Found this place on Yelp and tried it out. It really is fantastic. Had amazing coconut soup followed by green curry and a fried banana ball to finish things off. Perfect. Try this place, you'll be happy you did.
5	Best Thai in Vegas. The chicken fried rice was perfect. We had beef noodle soup, chicken curry and combination salad. All were extremely fresh and generous portions. Most important the flavors were all great!!!
4	Gloomy location with great food. The panang is great. Very nice sticky rice with coconut ice cream.
5	I have tried most thai restaurants in Las Vegas   Kinaree  is new and the flavor is always very good  the desert fried banana with ice cream is awesome
3	Tom Kha was very good. Other food mediocre - papaya pad Thai was drowning in sauce, pineapple fried rice was low in flavor, sweet sticky rice was ok. Delivery was quick, and the delivery person very friendly. This place is ok, but I think it is overrated.
4	Set back in an insignificant strip mall, comes a most delightful wonder of flavors.Perhaps a misnomer, but Thai and Vegetarian is more than vegetarian, it's Thai with vegetarian in mind.  They graciously make available strictly meat and strictly vegetarian menus with all the usual fare.What makes this establishment so splendid is that its very freshly prepared.  I got an order of egg rolls (courtesy of a Yelp check-in), and the Red Panang curry with tofu.  Both were excellent.  The curry, in particular, left an amazing taste minutes later.Simplistic in presentation, it's all about the food.The service is ultra sweet, too.  While in no way is it a 5.0 star, it's a strong 4.  It certainly beats a kick in the pants.
2	I usually look to Yelp to figure out where to eat.  Usually, Yelp never steers me wrong...but this time it did.  Badly!  I saw the great reviews for this place and decided to give it a try.  Extremely disappointing.  Not sure what the good reviews are for.  Maybe we ordered the wrong thing or maybe it was an off day for the chef but it was pretty horrible.  My husband and I ordered some fried wontons to start.  These were probably the only good thing about our food.  There wasn't really a whole lot of meat in there but the sauce it came with and the fried part was good.  For our entrees, my husband and I ordered our go-to dish: Chicken Pad See Ewe.  Ugh!  The reviewers that said the pad see ewe was great must be on something or have no taste buds.  My husband and I agreed it was probably the worst pad see ewe we've ever had.  It was totally dry and flavorless!  Barely any sauce.  It was like it was an old batch of pad see ewe that had been made in the morning and then they just reheated it in the microwave.  Either that, or the chef overcooked the hell out of it...so much so that it sucked all the sauce (and all the flavor) out.  It wasn't even steaming hot like how I usually see fresh pad see ewe come out to me.  It was barely warm.  The chinese broccoli looked old and wilted.The only reason why I didn't give 1 star is because the service was good and our waitress was really nice and pleasant.  Also, they serve fountain sodas (which I like) instead of soda from a can like how I usually see at Thai restaurants. If you like meat and you like your food to have flavor, then don't eat here!  Maybe this place is just good for the vegetarian food.  What we got was pretty awful.  From now on, I'm sticking to Thai Style Noodle House.  Bigger portions, better prices, and better tasting food!
4	Vegitarian Thai Dishes!Lots of places will do substitutions to make items Vegetarian or Vegan...At Kinnaree Thai and Vegetarian it's in the name, they have a full menu, and it's anything but an afterthought. Kinnaree is not my favorite spot for in town for Thai...but it certainly is for Vegetarian Thai!  I am not a vegetarian...I love meat. But I read a Popular Science article last year that described how "Americans consume a disproportional amount of the world's stuff...we make up 5 percent of the global population, but use 20 percent of the world's energy. We eat 15 percent of the world's meat. We produce 40 percent of the world's garbage."  With that in mind I am trying to be a conscientious meat eater which can be incredibly difficult while eating out.  Enter Kinnaree!  I have heard good things about their normal menu, but I come for the veggies!  I really like the Panang Curry!  Lots of deep, full, balanced flavors!  I have also enjoyed their yellow and green curries.  I typically avoid faux meat products, but the the faux duck and tofu options are better than normal here if you're into that.The service was excellent,  the menu is huge, and they have a check-in offer as well.They aren't as spicy as a typical Thai Restaurant...so ask for it a little spicier than you would otherwise if you typically like a good amount of heat.
5	I've had so many items across the menu by now. Tom kha kai, fish cakes, even crispy scallops in a thick garlic sauce. Oh, and the desserts... (currently out of season) mango and sticky rice, or ice cream with fried banana. Nothing is overdone. Nothing is overly sweet. Just right. Everything is so consistently delicious and they're always so friendly. We've always felt at home here and enjoyed their perfected flavors. They really do take pride in their restaurant.  My favorite Thai food in the city. if you haven't been - go now.
4	This has become a regular visit for lunch for me over the last few months and only two words are to blame for this:   Herbal Salad.Oh you don't know about Herbal Salad?   If you've ever been to Komol and had the pleasure of trying the version there, then you probably don't need any convincing, but it's a a wonderful combination of veggies, tofu, nuts, fruit, hot pepper and lime juice.  Sounds like the worst health shake combination ever but trust me in salad form it's a delight.   As much as I love Komol it's quite a drive for me from home or work so I dont make it there nearly as often as I'd like, though the herbal salad has made it difficult to stay away.    Well salvation has come in the form of Kinnaree having the exact same dish!   Some quick background on Kinnaree:  in doing my daily yelp search I saw some positive reviews being thrown their way and figured I needed to try it as I do all Thai restaurants in the area.   Well imagine my surprise when Google Maps led me right to (formerly known as) Lilly's Thai restaurant.   I felt swindled to be honest.   Lilly's was always decent, but not something I ever craved, so I was worried this was simply a name change and that I'd have the same underwhelming experience I felt I'd had in the past.  Then I saw it, written in marker on a chef's special board "herbal salad".    Could it be the same as Komols?!  Or was this some mirage and Kinnaree's version would consist of a bowl of ground up Basil, Oregano, and catnip?   I'm happy to report it was the former, and I've since gone back several times to get it take out.In my 4 times having it so far at Kinnaree, 3 of the 4 times it has rivaled Komol's version, with the perfect amount of spice (5 out of 10 on their scale) balanced out by the sweetness of the coconut and apples.   One time it was drenched with way too much lime juice but thankfully that hasnt been the norm.I was hesitant to write this review as I was worried a lot of you savages would go and start ordering this dish and make it harder for me to get.   Mark my words the first time I try ordering it and they say they are out, this review is coming down in a flash.   Ya'll owe me on this one!
5	Best Thai I've had in Vegas!! Just had the lemon grass soup with chicken!! Great if you have a cold! The brown rice is good as well with any of the curry!! Try it and let them know how you like it!!
3	This place does NOT taste like Thai food you'd find in Thailand.  I've travelled all over Thailand and if you go expecting dishes to taste like they do here or vice versa then you will be disappointed. However if you like the award winning and vegan friendly Komol then you'll like this food. I think a previous reviewer mentioned this place is run by a former Komol waitress. She left with two of the kitchen staff ( though not the head chef so don't expect any new dishes) and the recipes seem the same down to the plating. The location is not any nicer than where the original Komol is located.Not bad, but try the original if you're near the strip or East side. Avoid if you want authentic Thai food and have been to Thailand. You will not see Thai people eating here.
5	Excellent service and amazing food!  Tom kha soup, fresh rolls, panang curry and coconut ice cream!
4	I came because this restaurant has "Vegetarian" in it's name, and they didn't disappoint! I'm vegetarian and I love to eat at Thai restaurants because they can substitute tofu for any meat, but this restaurant goes even further by having an entirely separate vegetarian and vegan menu. It's a great feeling to look at a menu and know that I can order anything on it. The restaurant itself is small but very pleasant. It's nicely decorated and it has ambiance for informal dining. This is the type if place where you might bring your family. The waitress taking my order was very nice and did a great job of explaining some of the items on the menu. I had the appetizer spring rolls, then the cashew nut entree with tofu, following by sticky rice with coconut ice cream for dessert. The spring rolls were really good, and came with a really great sweet and sour sauce. The cashew nut was also quite tasty. If there was one thing I didn't like as much, it would be the coconut ice cream. I believe it was vegan ice cream, which means it's non-dairy and nonfat, which sort of sucks all the fun out of ice cream. But on top of that, the ice cream had chopped up green beans and corn in it. I can't say it was horrible, but it wasn't great. That being said, this was a great place and I can't wait to go there again at some point to try other things on the vegetarian menu.
3	I've ordered deliver from here a few times and have noticed a few consistent negatives:1) The lunch special portions are minuscule. I could understand if it were cheaper than the surrounding Thai restaurants' lunch prices but it's not. 2) the spice levels are well above most places. I usually eat a moderately spicy red curry yet when i ordered a lever 5 here, i could barely eat it. Aside from the above complaints, the food taste and quality is quite good. The pad see ewe was delicious and without it being a lunch special, actually had a decent portion. The red curry chicken is tasty too, just wish there was more of it. I probably won't order from here any more, it's worth more to drive and get take out from pan Asian or Archie's.
4	I tried the pad thai with tofu. Very delicious!I will be back to try some more off their menu!
5	I just ordered delivery from here for the first time and OMG it was the best Thai i have had since I moved to Las Vegas!! The garlic tofu was perfectly cooked and they actually have veggie potstickers! I want to eat here everyday now! Yum!
4	Ordered delivery for a Saturday afternoon lunch. The food was great and delivery was fast and friendly. Sesame Chicken, Pork Fried Rice, Egg Rolls were very tasty and portions were nice size. Looking forward to trying more from this menu.
5	So delicious! Our entire family ate from the vegan menu and loved each bite. The vegetable panang was wonderful. The soup does not disappoint. Appetizers of spring rolls, noodle salad, and  herbal salad were so light and tasty. A definite trip back is coming in our future.
5	Couldn't be happier to find the service and quality of food at Kinnaree... and I say that after noticing how a once great vegetarian Thai option, Komol, was not the same after a staff change. A search for the missing ingredient led me to Kinnaree where the old welcoming front staff, and the talented cooks are now found. Service is very friendly and informative. Everything done with a smile and good humor.The food is excellent and well spiced. Solid range of top tasting options (meat and vegetarian). My favorite dish, Lad Na, is the best in the valley... overjoyed to find this cook again!There is a sister post on Komol's site that agrees with many others about its slide in standards, and advises those with a similar sense of loss to find what they have been missing at Kinnaree.
2	Place is ok nothing to brag about with all the other Thai restaurants around I don't think I would come back
5	This was some of the best Thai food I've had and I've been to Thailand. On the outskirts of Vegas, it was refreshing to find a vegetarian restaurant (they also have meat). If you are looking for authentic, delicious Thai food that is reasonably priced, eat here!
5	this place is amazing, super authentic and amazing service.
4	I like this place, but man, it can take a little bit of time to get your order.  Much faster when I walk in to get a to go order than when I sit down.  Love the panang and the shrimp pad thai.
4	We shared orders of herbal salad, pad Thai and basil chicken. We took the suggestion of our server and ordered our entrees at medium spice level which turned out to be a mistake as both were much too mild.   Each dish was both fresh tasting, well balanced and visually appealing.  The quantity of food was generous so we ended up taking most of the herbal salad with us and finished it a few days later. A rating of 3.5 would be most appropriate.
5	Great food, little empty inside but the girl was polite, food was excellent, could be a little bigger portion but taste makes up for it.
4	one of the better thai style restaurant's I have had in a while Fresh roll - had mint in it and almost sushi like presentation very good also went with lemon chicken - very good as well the lemon was there and also liked the fact the added the lemon slices witch was soft and edible. I deff wanna try there soups I guess that will be for next time :)
5	Get the sesame steak!!! It is awesome!
4	Stopped in here in way to get a Thai massage next door. It is well lit and the staff is friendly.  The food seemed heavenly although there were big chunks of raw onion in the spring rolls.  The tom kha with mushroom is a delicious sour coconut soup with a touch of herbs. I really enjoyed it. If you are veggie this is a great spot to avoid strip prices and get tasty Thai food!
5	I do not review often due to time constraints, but this restaurant definitely deserves all 5 stars.Fantastic service. Excellent food.  Very affordable.  Terrific menu selection.It is noteworthy to mention that I have been to all of the other highly rated Thai restaurants in town (e.g. Lotus of Siam, Archie's, Thai BBQ etc.) several times over. They are also very good, but this restaurant stood out in terms of the quality of ingredients.Dish: Pad Kee Mao.  The first thing I noticed was how fresh the ingredients were.  I literally did not talk the entire time I was eating.  The only time that has happened was during a Kabuki intermission show dinner I had in Tokyo, Japan.  (To this date, that was my best meal ever. )The owner is very adamant on making this a successful venture. She knows everyone that comes in regularly and wants everyone to have a great experience.  You almost feel as if you're at home.Highly recommend to anyone. Enjoy.
4	Family style restaurant.  We went in and ordered way too much for my husband and I.  A couple could get away with ordering 1 app, 1 soup and 1 entree to share.  We Ordered the Larb, crispy rice salad, seaweed soup, Tom yum soup & basil chicken.  Everything was fantastic.  Had plenty of leftovers.  I usually order things spicy & the #5 was plenty spicy.  We will be back!!!
5	I just visited Kinnaree today for the fist time.  Holy Moly, this is amazing!  The vegetarian duck curry made my eyes water from the happiness I felt.  I'd venture to claim this dish is better than pizza!  I was also able to sample the yellow curry, the tom kha and the crispy spinach.  All amazing dishes.  The Tom Kha was perhaps the best I've had.  There were only two tables occupied during the dinner rush so service was quick and great.  No waiting in line for hyped thai, "cough.. le thai... cough"...I have to give the place a couple more tries to gauge consistency but my gut tells me this is the best Thai food i've found so far in Las Vegas.  It's also next to Hedary's so you can pick up some falafel and hummus for desert.
5	I am an occasional user of Yelp, but have been a free-loader until today.  Kinnaree is so good in every way that it even got lazy ole' me to get off of my butt to write a review.I first went there about three months ago and have returned more-or-less weekly since then.  I love Thai food and have tried almost all of the options in Las Vegas.  This is now my favorite Thai restaurant outside of Bangkok (tied with one in SF).Kinnaree has two menus, one for meat-eaters and the other vegetarian.  I have tried many of the options on both menus and what's notable is that everything that I've tasted is quite good (if not terrific).  In most places, my normal MO is to find a dish that I really like and keep on ordering it.  However, it is a fun challenge here to keep on trying new items until I find one that is so-so . . . I'm still waiting to be disappointed.  My favorites here are the soups, the curries, and -- especially -- the Steamed Seabass with lemon juice.  The Seabass comes with a super-tasty medley of veggies.  Baby doll!The location is what scares me (from the point of view of Kinnaree's success):  it's in just another strip-mall on Sahara.  I'd guess that this restaurant will rely on word-of-mouth and positive reviews in order to thrive.  On the inside, though, it is comfortable and lovely.The staff is wonderful.  The woman who is in charge and her assistant are both charming Thai ladies.  Their English is better than fine; but what's notable is the combination of their hustle and their charm.  If I were a single man, they'd be a big reason to choose Kinnaree.In summary, this place is excellent.  I hope that you will give it a try.  If you do, I'll bet that you return often, as I have.
5	My wife and I stopped in and we both really enjoyed it. We've been to a number of Thai restaurants in Las Vegas and this is easily better than most.Food was fresh and tasty and the service was good.I especially liked the duck fried rice.
5	We went there on the last day of our trip. I wish we had known about this place earlier. The place was clean, the service was great, the food even better. We are both vegetarians, and needless to say we weren't disappointed. The server paid a good attention to our needs.We can handle hot/spicy food, but be careful. Their 6-7 out of 10 scale is extremely hot. Not their fault. The next time I go, i'll be sure to go with 4-5.Great experience. I don't remember the name of our server, but she was excellent.It's a good 15-20 minutes drive from the strip, but well worth it in the end.
5	If you like thai authentic food this is the place to go. Very good and won't break your wallet, they have a great lunch Manu but watch yourself when you ask for spicy ITS very spicy!!! I love the papaya salad there and the green curry chicken, the soap was great too!
4	visited for lunch after a morning of car shopping. I had the pad thai w/ chicken which was delicious and enormous. I overate & still had plenty left to take home. Hubby had cashew chicken which also was delicious but just enough for a moderate to large appetite (no leftovers). Add a thai tea & our bill was $21
5	Awesome restaurant with a separate vegan and vegetarian menu with just as many options as their standard menu! Tasty, spicy, and simply delicious!! Great place to visit especially with friends or family who meat and the like. Oh, and great portions with prices that will not knock you out of your seat like some vegan spots!
5	Excellent! The entire menu has a Vegetarian equivalent-huge selection! I ordered the Tom Kha with Mushroom soup YUM! and the papaya salad, very very good! Then the roasted pumpkin slices in coconut milk-very subtle taste, not too sweet, I'd probably not order it again, but it was worth a try.
3	Kinnaree is a 3.5 for me based on a few reasons. It was very dark in the restaurant; the yellow curry was too sweet and watery; the pad kee mao was pretty bland.I will still be back because I like the fact that they have brown rice and the quality of food is good.
4	I ordered the "Hot & Spicy"; it was very spicy and very good!  It came with zucchini, bamboo shoots, and chicken in a brown sauce.  My sis-in-law ordered some awesome noodle dish with beef that was also very good, and my wife ordered the sesame chicken, which was also delicious.  We checked in on yelp and received a free order of veggies spring rolls...very good; we also ordered crab rangoon which was very good.  My wife loved the crab rangoon; they had a stronger flavor than most Thai restaurants.  The noodles with beef were exceptionally soft and delicious.  Great service!  Would definatly come back.
2	I LOVED kinaree when it first opened ordered it 2x a week, awesome fresh food great veg menu, but  now every time i order the quality slowly deteriorates, sauces are getting oily and today I found a huge string of plastic in the egg rolls. Will be looking for another place
5	fantastic food! not over salted, exquisitely prepared and seasoned! can't recommend highly enough. friendly wait staff !!!
5	Excellent food, great service!  I had chef special which was grilled salmon in panang sauce , very spicy just how I like and the man had pad kee Mao. Just excellent all of it. Dessert was green tea mochi and mango with sticky rice... kinda wish someone would wheel barrow me outta here!  So full, so happy, definitely worth checking out
5	Excellent service, so friendly and nice. Excellent food, vegetarian, vegan, gluten free.  Wonderful wonderful restaurant. Owner came and asked us questions about our needs and wants.
4	I love this place! Always great service and the food is awesome. Their vegan Tom Kha soup is the best! Delivery was reasonably timed and the order was correct the one time I ordered it. Would order delivery more often but the minimum is pretty high and so is the delivery fee so it's usually not worth it.
5	We've ordered delivery from them twice. I like my Thai food pretty spicy so the first time I ordered all 3 dishes as a 7/10. One of them had good heat, one was average, and one was pretty bland. The second time I ordered all 8/10. One was great, one was average and one was borderline too hot. All of them were great but be forewarned that the spice level will vary. The delivery was fast and the person that delivered was very friendly and polite. Prices are totally appropriate. We will order from them again and we plan on eating on site soon too.
4	Delightful and surprising. Shrimp was cooked to perfection. Gluten and soy free options.
5	LOVE this place... far more than any other thai i've tasted so far here in vegas. Their curry is nomz & my son loves their orange chicken. xoxo
5	I ordered the chicken Pad Kee Mao medium spice level and my boy friend ordered the sesame chicken hot spice level it was all DELICIOUS! Prices are very reasonable, delivery time was fast. I highly recommend this restaurant.
5	Ok, so I've only been twice now but the service is amazing and better yet, the food is totally on par with my favorite Thai haunt, Komol, or wait for it....even better!  I can't wait to keep trying more things on the menu!  They have an entire separate vegetarian/vegan menu to explore.  I love this place!
5	Once again, food was outstandingly delicious!We received one free order of egg rolls, which were very good, ordered one order of Crab Rangoon, Sesame chicken, Spicy Basil w/Chicken, Drunken Noodles (can't remember the name but they were delicious), Mongolian Beef, Sticky Rice with Coconut Ice Cream and a Fried Banana with Vanilla Ice Cream; everything was equally delicious and unique.+  Word of advice and more of a tip:  DON'T BRING YOUR CHILDREN IF THEY CANT BEHAVE, OR,  ARE LOUD AND OBNOXIOUS!  Not only is this rude to the business owners but it's disrespectful to other patrons trying to enjoy their meals and the good company of others.  I shouldn't have to include this in my review, but I feel the majority of parents are oblivious to others considerations.
2	*I am not a vegetarian. My usual Thai restaurant was closed so we've decided to try another place out.Ordered chicken pad thai and a pineapple fried rice.Noodle for pad thai was undercooked, it was too chewy and some part was hard. They did not ask us for the level of spiciness, just gave us a very sweet pad thai. It was too sweet for me, because I usually have spicy pad thai.Other than that it was okay.For the pineapple fried rice, it just tasted like catchup. Some might like it, but not for me. I am used to other restaurants' pineapple fried rice which does not taste like catchup at all.For me it was horrible. The decor of the restaurant is outdated. Looks like a local family owned restaurant.  Nothing below or above that. Which I do not mind anyway.Overall, I would describe the food as...food I get to eat when I go over friend's house. Not extremely good and not awfully bad, but just little different taste than what I usually have. Different style.Definitely a homemade food taste. If you get what I mean.
5	We love this place the food is awesome and always good we eat here at least dr once a week and would recommend it to anyone.
5	Great Thai spot!!
5	Just read up on Thai food westside, and decided on Kinnaree because my husband wanted orange chicken. I am so glad we did. It is a cute and very clean restaurant, and the hostess was friendly, informative and quick to serve us. I had a vegetarian salad called herbal salad, and it was delicious, though I am not a fan of fried tofu and it was a little heavy in the salad. The ingredients were crisp, fresh, colorful and very nicely sprinkled with good basil and mint. The dressing was fantastic. I am certain that the papaya salad would be the same. Orange chicken was nicely breaded strips of white chicken, perfectly crisp and hot and juicy inside, not over-sauced....and the sauce was delicious. It was a good portion at a very good price, and a couple of chardonnays at $6 each made our meal about $32 total. We loved it.
5	What a great addition to the slowly-improving Thai scene in Las Vegas! Tucked into a small strip mall, Kinnaree features excellent quality of product, fresh veggies, a large selection of vegetarian options and super friendly service. The brother-and-sister team that own and operate this restaurant cannot be nicer. Attentive and speedy, they make sure you have an enjoyable experience. The space itself is a decent size with about 20 tables and counter seating. I was very impressed with how clean it was, from the tables to the floors to the bathrooms.They have great lunch specials that are plentiful and affordable (entrees come with egg rolls and soup).Veggie lovers rejoice!! ...as Kinnaree offers many tofu options (fried or fresh bean curd) and even soy meat substitutes (fake chicken, duck or fish). As a former vegetarian, I truly appreciate these meatless options, plus the dishes maintain their integrity of flavor and aroma.
5	My wife picked up a to-go order of Cab Rangoon, Sesame Chicken, and Spicy Ground Beef Noodles (My Fav!).OMG!!!My food was amazing, even though it had been sitting at home for well over 2 hours before I got to it.  The flavors were rich and bursting with flavor.  I drenched my meal with nam pla prik....wow was it delicious!!!  Highly recommended!
5	I could make it simple and say. Go here this place is great!! But then yelp wont let me post it as a review. Seriously though this place is great for vegans and carnivores alike. They have 2 menues just as populated as each other packed with awesome food! Note: This place is Spicy for a Thai place. So when they ask how spicy be prepared!
5	I absolutely love this restaurant. It's the only Thai place that I go to. Fortunately it's only a mile form work so we hit this spot once a week. My favorite dish is the chicken panang.
5	This place is really good! 2nd time ordering it and I am really impressed by the quality. I have had the duck fried rice, tom Kha soup, and tofu delight. I can't wait to try more!
4	We order from Kinnaree about once a week, couple of tips:  -Don't try to call them, order on grubhub or eat24  -Come one come all vegetarians, they have everything you could ever want  -Try the curries, they're the best!
3	The fiance and I came here for a quick lunch in between my dental appointments close by. They were doing lunch specials so we decided to go with those. It came with a eggroll which was standard and fine and a good cup of tom yum broth with some mushrooms. I chose chicken basil which came with white meat and had a pleasant sauce. The BF got a panang curry which I thought was decent from the bites I got of it, but it's just not my preferred style of how it's seasoned.The girl serving us was friendly and attentive to boot. The plus is this place can cater to all types of diets. We were asked if we eat meat or not and their vegetarian and vegan offerings were pretty solid. I'll probably be back to try more dishes during dinner as some offerings like the herbal salad look worth a return. A-OK rating for now as it was fine food, but JUUSST fine.
5	My daughter and I came across this place, thanks to Siri, when looking for a vegan restaurant. It is very close to home and we now go twice a week! Every dish that we have tried has been delicious!! The prices and the staff can't be beat. Love, LOVE the Pad See Ewe and Tom Yum Soup!! Highly recommend!
5	Great authentic Thai food. Very flavorful and tasty - try the papaya pad thai, tom yum tofu soup, and veggies and tofu. They can make just about anything gluten-free and many dishes can be made without oil. We went here for our wedding rehearsal and the owner, Sha, was very accommodating with my 30 guests. Everyone loved the food and when my Aunt & Uncle were visiting a couple of months later, they specifically asked to eat here.
5	Best Thai food around. Staff is great, as is through food. Prices are reasonable. I enjoy pretty much everything on the menu. Highly recommended
5	I dream about the herbal salad. Pro tip: don't plan on sharing.Exepert level: this place is close the United Blood Services. Go donate and then come gorge... screw those mini juices and bags of pretzels.
5	AMAZING!!! I am very impressed by their expeditious delivery, the quality AND deliciousness of their food!! I  ordered delivery via grubhub - the food was delivered within 40mins and was even greeted by my first name at the door. This place has beyond exceeded my expectations!! I will definitely be a regular here!! :-)
3	Food is good, after have it delivered to my house 4x in the last 4 months... all of a sudden my address is out of range for delivery.  Good food but not good enough for me to drive to pick it up.
5	Really great Thai food!!! Highly recommended- they have a full vegan/vegetarian menu! I had the Pad Kee Mao (with tofu) it was awesome!! Our server was so friendly and had a nice conversation with us!  My cousin had a spicy curry soup with shrimp, she said it was really good too- if I return to Vegas I will definitely go back!
4	I ordered the chicken pad thai.  I ordered it medium in spiciness and it was quite hot, but still very tasty.  My daughter ordered chicken green curry, mild, but it was still very spicy, but flavorful.  Rice came with the curry.  I ordered some calamari, which was very tasty and came with a red dipping sauce.  My daughter had two vegetable egg rolls that were delicious.  I would order again from Kinnaree.
5	Love this place my new favorite Thai in LV!i order the vegetarian Thailand Tea herbal salad and veggie delight. Yum!!! Clean and friendly establishment.
