5	Beautiful place when you are craving for cup cakes. I tried most of the mini's cup cakes for curiosity, the tripple chocolate, carrot with cheese cream, caramel, strawberry cream, pina colada they all delicious!!!recommanded for cup cake lovers. they also make Birthday cupcake for reasonable price.
5	I walked past this place probably a hundred times before daring to go in. Around 8:30 on a Friday night I finally ventured in, trying to find a treat for my sweetie waiting for me at home. They said that they were almost cleared out, but they still had a fairly good selection for 30min before closing. I got 2 chocolate raspberry, a peanut-butter cup, a triple chocolate, and a vanilla. All were AMAZING!!! My sweetie loved the peanut-butter and I loved the triple chocolate...I'm a dark chocolate lover :-) That night, I actually dreamed of the cupcakes!!!!! I will absolutely be back!!
5	I have the biggest sweet tooth ever which also makes me very picky about my sweets.This places hands down makes the best cup cakes I've ever had!A must!
4	I must say, I've never had such moist and soft cupcakes in my life. I believe this is what makes D Liche better than most cupcake places. Other cupcakes shops make their cupcakes way too dry. D Liche has great flavors like peanut butter, black forest, red velvet,, dark chocolate, vanilla from a special kind of bean etc. I ordered 12 minis (and they are VERY mini so beware) for $16. Expensive, (about 1.50 each) but they are really worth it. One bite and you taste a difference in the cupcakes you buy at the grocery store/another cupcake shop. I recommend any flavor really, can't go wrong. I haven't tried their large ones yet, but I try the minis first to get  a sense of their flavors. I think it's 8 minis for $8.50, not quite sure the pricing for less minis. Anyway service is really good too, very friendly. Definite must try if you love cupcakes!
5	After a beautiful Sunday afternoon spent walking along Mount Royal we decided we needed a sugar fix. We got there fairly close to closing time and were told, very apologetically, that they had very few choices left. I'm almost glad that was the case since it was difficult enough to choose between the limited options! In the end, I opted for peanut butter chocolate chip and carrot and raisin with cream cheese icing and a mini pot of red lychee tea.....FANTASTIC!The cupcakes are moist and flavourful without being sickly sweet. The chocolate chip cupcake had a light peanut butter frosting which was very soft with no heavy peanut after-taste. The carrot raisin was moist and subtle with a very light, tart cream cheese icing. Perfection. Most amazing is the fact that the cupcakes are so moist and light so you're not left with a heavy, full feeling and a sugar hangover after indulging. When we asked about the secret to the moist batter, we were informed that its literally a secret and bakers are asked to sign confidentiality agreements. We were, however, told that they spend countless hours perfecting their recipes and each is the result of several less-successful attempts. They're very concious of the health risks posed by refined sugar and use fresh, mostly organic ingredients and try to buy free-trade as much as possible....pricey but certainly evident in the quality. The owners were lovely - very warm and welcoming and happy to chat!Would definitely recommend!
5	Best cupcake ever made. The end.
5	Amazing cupcakes, both miniature and normal. The red velvet practically melts in your mouth, and the peanut butter chocolate chip tastes like the cake is blended with actual cookie dough. It's awesome.They also serve up a mean latte, although it's a bit pricey at $3.75. If you're comparing value against cost, two minis cost $3.50 vs. $3.75 for one normal cupcake.
5	We found this shop on a recent trip to Montreal. The food was extraordinary!! I plan to return on my next trip to the city!
5	I usually only have two cupcakes a year, but during our one month in Montreal we went here at least ten times! These are the greatest cupcakes I have EVER had. They're not over-the-top sweet so I feel like I could eat three in a row without feeling over-sugared. They rotate out the flavors and have some really interesting ones - but simple vanilla was always my favorite. I miss this place already! The owner and his staff are all really nice, too.
5	This shop was an amazing discovery while walking around exploring the city.My friend and I got both got a small cupcake (we were having poutine in an hour).We got one of the triple chocolate and one described as "a Reese's peanut butter cup on steroids".  We cut them in half and them took a half of each, combining them into one mega chocolate, peanut butter cupcake, that was nirvana to the taste buds.Each cupcake on it's own was quite unbelievably good!  The cake was moist, and light.  The triples chocolate cupcake was the color of real fertile soil (dark brownish black) and a chocoholics wet dream.  The "Reese's on steroids" had mini chocolate chips in the cake part.  The icing on each was flavorful, not overly sugary, but juuuuuust right.The staff were also very fun and happy to give recommendations.The best cupcake that I have had in ages.
3	Whenever I am traveling, I seek the best cupcakes each city has to offer. With a five-star rating on Yelp, I figured I couldn't go wrong at D Liche, so my fiance and I actually purchased a dozen to take back to relatives living outside the city. We ordered one of each flavor to get the full taste experience...and while they were absolutely fine as far as cupcakes go, these were not as out of this world as the other reviewers might have you believe. The frosting was average - certainly not of the Italian buttercream stock I prefer. The cake itself tasting like something out of Betty Crocker's kitchen (and I mean no insult to Ms. Crocker - I frequently pull her off the shelf at home). And for me, interesting flavors don't equal quality cupcakes (in fact, vanilla is the flavor I base my cupcake judgments on whenever I'm sampling). So again, the cupcakes were perfectly pleasant and tasty, but quite frankly, not in the ranks of some of New York or Chicago's finest.
3	My husband and I were just strolling in the area(This part of Rue St Denis is very charming) and happened upon this place to get something warm in us. We split two minis and a hot chocolate and were more impressed with the hot chocolate than the cupcakes! The person who was helping us was very kind( I believe he was Asian) and told us that the hot chocolate was made from scratch and walked us through all the cupcake flavors. Being from NYC area( we're just a little spoiled with awesome cupcakes). The place was very clean and it was nice that you could see apart of the kitchen from a window on the far wall. There is a small table off to the side that can seat about 6-8 people.
5	If we lived in a world where cupcakes were at the bottom of the food pyramid I would eat 6-11 servings of peanut butter chocolate chip cupcake every single day.  but only the mini's of course.!
4	D Liche makes those New York City cupcakes (Sugar Sweet Sunshine, Magnolia, Crumbs)  just seem oversweet, cheaply-made, and sad.The chocolate frosting can actually be eaten, without gagging from too much sugar. The peanut-butter chocolate version melts in your mouth.
5	SUPER IMPORTANT UPDATE:  They are making their own version of the  infamous Cronuts (halF croissant half donut), available from Thursdays- Sunday no limit per customer, but be warned they are selling out early and fast!.This shop has made a cupcake lover out of me.  Conveniently located next to my new gym (see the irony here), I stopped by to sample their wears.  I tried all the 8 flavors and have come away with a preference for the Key Lime, the chocolate, and the caramel.  The place itself is really stunning, a great layout with fun stuff to peruse, whilst you wait you turn to order.  The staff is very warm and welcoming and are happy to guide you towards the path of cupcake addiction.  These guys do it right and use top notch quality ingredients.  Think of them next time you have a dinner party to attend, or as a unique birthday cake, cupcakes are fun for everyone.
4	Pretty delicious cupcakes for a good price!  I got a mini caramel and a bigger sized peanut butter and chocolate.  Both were delicious!Cute spot to hang out and look at their cupcake products/gifts.
4	A quick post here about my foray into the world of Montreal cupcakes. Tasked with the job of finding cupcakes for my sister's birthday but having absolutely no idea where to go, I went online and discovered, lo and behold, there was a cupcake shop located a short drive (or a long walk) away from my apartment. And so, I found myself heading to Simplement D Liche on St-Denis just south of Duluth.I was in a hurry so I was unable to stay for long to enjoy the shop itself but I loved what I saw of its clean and simple look - a beautifully cupcake-filled display certainly didn't hurt my perception! They have both normal and mini-sized cupcakes to enjoy. The flavors change regularly so I picked 6 different from those available that day and went about my day at work. I got to enjoy them over the course of the next 3 days.The flavors I selected were vanilla, dulce de leche, key lime, red velvet, chocolate peanut butter and chocolate raspberry. I got to try the final four from that list. The cupcakes themselves were of a denser and richer consistency than I am used to in a cupcake  - not that I am complaining. They still succeeded in being sweet and airy which, when paired with the different creamy and light frostings for each options created delicious cupcakes which hit the right flavor profile each time. None of them were overbearing with their flavour either - at no point did you get that "This is WAY too [insert flavour]-ly" moment. The key lime one had a nice lime taste that didn't hit the overly sour notes you tend to get with bad key lime desserts. The chocolate peanut butter was as close to Reese as you could get without mixing the two items within the cake batter itself. The red velvet was as classic as you would hope to expect from such a flavour. The chocolate raspberry was the least memorable of the 4 but was still quite good all things considered.All in all, D Liche was a great first experience in the Montreal cupcake scene that I would highly recommend if you are in need of a cupcake fix. Now I need to go expand my cupcake horizons within my wonderful city..... oh Woe is me ;)Cheers!
2	I was slightly bitter when D liche appeared on St-Denis, mainly because it now stands where one of my favourite shops was. Yet, how can one hold a grudge against cupcakes. So after years of walking by, I decided to take a peek inside the shop and see for myself what all the hype was about. The space is pretty, but so white! They sell a lot of cupcake paraphernalia, so keep your eyes peeled for great gift ideas! I decided on a big Key lime cupcake to eat, and a small Dulce de Leche to go. I never really thought of a place to eat cupcakes, and I was slightly awkward there. I mean they are so small, don't you just munch and walk...or something. Fair enough, I'll try it! So I was given my little white plate, avec cupcake and fork, perched myself over a white chair, and munched away at a white marble table. Well folks I think that was the taste of disappointment, The flavour of the cake was subtle, the icing very rich (is that cheesecake frosting? I thought you made that at home!) and delicious. So my problem is with the texture. These cake could certainly benefit from a spoonful or two of sour cream. I just couldn't get past it, it crumbled away, yet was oddly sticky. As hateful as the word is, "moist" was what I was looking for here. Later I gave my mini Dulce de leche a go, and it turned out even drier, only flavourless this time. The atmosphere is very strained: you're balancing on your chair, facing a couple of strangers around one big cold table, the radio is schizophrenic (one second it's blaring in your ears, the other it's blaring in the kitchen, on the other side of the shop). If you sit there long enough, you might get to know ALL of the owner's agenda, since he phones from behind the counter. Thing is, I might be back, for the gifts, or their homemade taffee, but son, at 3 damn bucks pro cupcake, this isn't acceptable. And put the cakes under glass, who has baked goods drying out on their counter?
3	Friendly staff, fair price, nice environment. I tasted the triple chocolate, key lime and vanilla, they were very good! I just wish they had more flavor options!It looks like they have a set of different options from time to time though.
2	The 2 star "Meh" pretty much sums up how I felt about this place today.It's a cute place, a bit white if you ask me. You kinda feel like you're walking into a wedding type place. The cupcakes look good and they have a choice between bite-size minis and full-size cupcakes. We got 6 mini cupcakes for for $9. The other option was to spend $20 on a few cupcakes...The chocolate cupcake was good, the peanut butter cupcake was pretty good, as was the key lime. We were not at all moved by the carrot, almond or other one that was so whatever that i don't even remember its name.  All in all, we were really unimpressed. I read in a couple reviews that this place didn't compare to the places in New York but truth be told I wouldn't know because this is my first "gourmet cupcake" experience. What I do know, however, is that my partner whips up better cupcakes anytime I leave her in the kitchen for more than thirty minutes. Just kinda hoping that if i'm paying over a loonie for a cupcake no bigger than a loonie that its going to blow me away. That did't happy here. Happy we tried one of my bookmarks but I won't be back.
5	The best cronut I have had. I am not surprised by this given the passion Montreal has for bread and pastries, which in my experience, is un-matched on this continent. Stumbling upon the cronut in a foodie city like Montreal was serendipity as the trend hasn't spread much beyond the NYC/LA area.$5 for a pastry may seem expensive. But it is very inexpensive for ten minutes of pure bliss. The man behind the counter was pleasant and good-humored about the intensity of my excitement upon finding a cronut in Montreal. I will most certainly be back.
2	I've definitely eaten better cupcakes pretty much anywhere (my #1 spot being Les Glaceurs). I actually don't really understand how this shop has survived selling overpriced and dried out cakes. Maybe it was bad luck, but plain and simple, I don't intend on giving D Liche cupcakes a second chance... sorry!
5	If you like your dessert flavors in all kinds of intense, then you've found your haven.  D Liche cuts no corners, and you can taste it.  The owner takes immense pride in the quality of ingredients used.  I love chocolate, and I will say, I almost could not handle the intense cocoa flavor.   It's the stuff of dark chocolate lovers' dreams.The key lime, also in a perfect miniature size, packed tart and tantalizing in each bite.The chocolate peanut butter, a standard combination in any self respecting dessert shop, managed to supersede the many previous versions I've tried.  It's subtle, but if you take a bite and really slow down to taste it thoroughly, there is something notably different.   It's a case where not cutting corners on the simplest ingredients means the sum adds up to more than it's parts.  The pb came through in a fresh way, the deep chocolate flavor more rich than standing by itself.  A perfect treat with coffee.  Sit outside and people watch along Rue St. Denis.  Despite our food-packed trip, this was well worth the time and stomach space.
5	I didn't realize until I tried one. A moist and delicately frosted bleuet (blueberry) mini cupcake. And I wanted to come back again and again. They also have pretty impressive cupcake artwork at the storefront (when we went, they had a cake with frosting in the shape of Van Gogh's Starry Night).
3	I am a cookie and cupcake monster! And d'liche's assortment of mini cupcakes is perfect when I want to sample a variety of flavours without having to eat 6 whole regular size cupcakes. Pros:-They carry 8 different flavours at any given time. -You get a discount for buying 6+-Sugar cookies are amazing!-Over 50 flavours!Cons:-Inconsistent quality in size of mini cupcakes. Too small is too sad!! -Only one new flavour is rotated into the 8 flavour lineup at a time (usually on weekends); meaning if you go today and tried all the flavours, you would have to wait months before a whole new array of cupcake flavours were available. I've gone about 4 times in the past 4 months and the flavour rotation is so slow that I've only tried about 10 flavours by now
5	BEST CUPCAKES IN MONTREAL. Hands down this is the place to go to have the most decadent, delicious, and out of this world cupcakes. Went today after my friend brought some to a dinner party and just had to have more! The triple chocolate isn't for the faint hearted and is like nothing I've ever had. My mouth was drooling just looking about it and thinking of it now. The smell it leaves on your hands (it will get on your hands) makes you miss it only seconds after finishing it. The peanut butter chocolate chip is an explosion of flavours in the best way possible and the vanilla has just the right amount of sweetness!! You haven't had proper cupcakes until you've had D Liche. They're simply the BEST.
3	We got six mini-cupcakes in different flavors.  I have to say, there were more dislikes than likes.  The carrot and raisin was the clear winner.  The dulce de leche was good too.  A couple of them (the peanut butter and chocolate comes to mind) were a little dry.  The woman at the counter was extremely nice and helpful.  And the presentation in the little cupcake box was charming.  Overall a nice place, and for 10 bucks we got to enjoy a little cupcake sampling which was fun.
3	We went into this cupcake shop as recommended by a friend. We are very impressed with the cupcake and cake decoration this place does. We decided to try triple chocolate cupcake and red velvet cupcake as recommended by a friendly staff. My husband decided to try on cronut. He did love the cronut (we've never had the original one so we cannot compare on that). He loved the cronut especially the cream filled in the middle. My cupcakes were ok in texture. However, I love the frosting. It is the first cupcake store that I've ever been to and offered a "not overly sweet" frosting. I'd say I'd go back just to try other flavors. They have friendly staff and made our experience pleasurable.
5	If you want to try the best cupcakes in the city this is your place. Not only are the owners friendly and awesome they also happen to make these sweet delicious bite size cupcakes that I wish I could not dream of. They have sweet cupcakes and not soo sweet ones so ask for help choosing according to your taste buds!! Enjoy
5	Great place for a date :) The cappuccino hit the spot and the cronut was really amazing. My girlfriend said her mini cupcakes and tea were a home run. The staff was friendly and the music set a perfect tone.
4	I'm not into sweets, but I tried the Dulce de Leche cupcake and it was good. The frosting was really creamy, maybe almost too sweet, but the cake itself was more subtle. And surprise! There was a caramel center that was tasty. I look forward to trying more flavors.I like that you can buy a normal sized cupcake or a small one. The interior is really fun, and they put a lot of care into the displays and the kinds of non-cake products (e.g. DIY kits) they sell.Cronut update coming soooooon.
5	Holy crap this place got my attention with a cake that looked like a full drum set in the window and a cronut sign. This is definitely the place if you want an amazing quite cake but the cronut was the best thing I've ever put in my mouth. It was unbelievable!
4	Amazing cronies here - I also got the raspberry/grapefruit Italian soda.Food: 4/5, very light tasting Cronut with puffy croissant pastry and vanilla custard filling. It is highly recommendedService; 4/5, nice staff (the big guy is nice)Ambience; 3/5, little spot with white decor, cool cake deco everywhere. The chairs could be more comfortable with backs.Price: 3/5, $8-10/person ($5 cronuts) not bad at all.
