2	Qdoba is something like a Mexican "Subway".  You come in at one end, look at a menu board of choices - mostly consisting of a variety of burrito choices - and place your order.  The primary difference is that no matter what you order off the board, the restaurant operates more like a traditional deli and prices based on what you order, not necessarily what is on the board.Where a Subway (most fast food places, for that matter) would have particular menu items, at Qdoba you essentially choose what you want and it is priced accordingly - and a number of the items on the menu are simply common configurations of what people may typically order if they put things together on their own.  I think it may be less confusing to some if the menu boards were simplified to reflect this.As to the food, it's pretty decent.  You get a good-sized helping, and the price isn't out of line with what you would pay at other fast food places.  If you are so inclined, you can eat part of your meal and save the rest for later, which makes it an even better deal.  It certainly isn't authentic Mexican, but it's not bad eats when you're pressed for time.
5	I was very saddened to see this Qdoba ranked so low on Yelp, so I decided to try to boost its average.  We frequent this particular Qdoba in the University area about once a week and have had nothing but fantastic experiences, quality service, and fabulous tasting food!  In fact, I've mentioned during lunch how we see the same people working week after week and how they've got it together.  I've been to many other Qdoba (and other similar burrito restaurants) and have yet to find a staff that is more consistent in their quality service and delivery of fresh, tasty food.  Now, onto Qdoba's food.  I think I've tried practically every single item on the menu by now.  Their chicken choices definitely top my list over their steak (sometimes tough), beef (sometimes greasy), and pork (usually dry).  The chicken, in the words of Goldilocks, is "just right."  Every time.  The regular chicken burrito (with extra hot salsa, please!) is always a winner.  However, when I'm in the mood for something with a little more pizzazz, I go with the pesto chicken burrito or formerly, the retired mole chicken burrito.   And when I'm in the mood for something naughty, I go with the queso chicken burrito.  The Naked Burritos (without the tortilla, for you low-carbers) are good...but I leave still feeling hungry.  Since we go to Qdoba regularly, we've signed up for the Qdoba Card, earn points each time we visit, and have gotten a handful of free burritos over the past few years.  It's a great rewards program for something we already enjoy!
4	I've never had a bad time at Qdoba, and I really like this location. This whole shopping center somehow gets to be cool even though it's a crappy strip mall. I like that it has an upstairs and downstairs, and being on a hillside just makes it a little more exciting. This Qdoba has always been clean, and the staff is friendly and helpful.There's lots of fun stuff for vegetarians, which always helps me out. Everything is always fresh, and it's a nice, bright room to sit and hang out. I had a memorably good lunch here with my mom once, so I have positive associations.
5	I could probably eat Qdoba everyday and be completely satisfied. Burritos are truly one of my favorite foods and Qdoba's are fantastic. I like the fact that it is made in front of you so you can see the freshness of the ingrediants and customize your burrito anyway you would like. I usually get a burrito but they also have delicious quesadillas and nachos. The chips and queso are also a great compliment to your meal. The service is also great, I have never had any issues. I would recommend trying a naked burrito and their guacamole.
4	Like Chad says: "Qdoba is something like a Mexican "Subway"". Good staff and the food is usually fresh off the grill.
4	Swetha + Qdoba's Grilled Veggie Burrito = wheeeeeeeeeeeee!!!Yummmy, yum, yum, and some more yum!Oh yeah, don't forget to go in wearing sweats!
5	We eat here as often as possible because:1. We have the Qdoba frequent eater card.2. We love their food.3. The location is usually convenient to where I'm running errands on any given day.4. The staff is friendly and they help me with my Spanish.Having said all that, your "portion size" depends on who is fixing your order.I order the same thing every time and I've gotten a range of barely enough of some fixings to just right on some others. Yes, I know it's a matter of personal preference but I've never had to say, "No, that's too much" when the employee is adding tortilla strips to my naked burrito.
4	This is the best fast mexican food i have ever had. The staff is always very friendly and helpful. the Chicken Queso Burrito is amazing
3	I had forgotten about Qdoba, as it rarely comes to mind when thinking about "fast food" mexican.This location is a pretty decent size & clean. Employees were nice & sociable. We ordered 3 seasoned beef tacos, a grilled chicken burrito, along with fresh guacamole & queso. Toppings were fresh & not mushy. Chicken & ground beef wascooked perfectly & seasoned well. Chips were seasoned with lime & warm & crisp! The queso was good & the guacamole even better. *edited: Maybe too much TMI, but 4 hours later, the food is sitting in my stomach like a rock. :(
4	I could eat here most everyday if my waist line wouldn't mind. Since I can't do that, I manage to sneak in a couple times a month. The ground beef nachos are to-die-for!!! Their queso is the bomb. And their chips are excellent and very fresh. If you love fresh salsa and friendly service, this is the place to go in the University area.
5	Good food. Had vegetarian options on the menu which was great. I had the vegetable burrito and it was huge. I was very full after my meal. Friendly staff as well.
3	Watch out for the short fat white girl she makes burritos with hatred and will put holes in it, call that shit and tell her to remake it
4	Qdoba was kind of an after thought for me.  With Salsaritas and now Chipolte near by, I stopped in to the Qdoba location just because it was convenient as I was going to another business in the same shopping center.  The manager was outgoing and enthusiastic, and recomended the Mexican Gumbo.  I have not looked back since.  I dine there at least once a week now, sometimes more, as this dish is truly addicting.  It is a big bowl with beans, and rice if you desire, a wonderfully spicy tomato sauce base.  I add chicken, pico di gallo, habanero salsa, cheese and top it off with tortilla strips.  It is a healthy, filling meal that is over the top delicious.  I still like Chipolte and Salsaritas, but they don't have anything on Qdoba's Mexican gumbo.  Yum-just yum!
5	I Love this place! The people are normally very nice. The food is always pretty good. Very good value when they put out coupons. I always get the naked burrito and i never regret it.
3	To start with, I'm not so impressed with Qdoba. There are lots of similar sorts of places out there, notably Moe's, with better offerings. Location wise this place is fine. It's great because I can drop off books for sale at The Last Word and come in here to eat while they look them over.They have everything you'd expect from a place like this. The various salsas, guacs and picos. They've got the usual toppers for your burrito or salad. When you're just craving that Mexican face-smash of flavor these kinds of places are where it's too be found. But the reason I'm giving them only three stars is because of hidden up-charges. Well, I suppose the hidden part is debatable. They tell you outright that pretty much anything delicious you want to add to your burrito is an up-charge. Guacamole, for example, is an extra charge. Go to Moe's, you can put whatever you want on your burrito from their line-up, no extra charge. I think Qdoba might find that they even make more money if they just charge a slightly higher price for everything and let the customer choose what they want on it without having to constantly ask "Oh wait, does that cost more?"
5	Been going there for years!!! My job is super close to it. Food is always good, very clean place and the customer service is great. Great fast place to buy lunch.
4	We used to eat at Qdoba in our old town before moving south since it was convenient to pick up to go either on the way to or from our kids' ball games.  The food was always fresh and it was a reasonable price.  We miss it so when we travel and want something fast, we'll hit up Qdoba.  We stopped at this location on our way through town today.The menu had changed since our last trip to Qdoba.  A little bit more expensive but there weren't a hundred add ons so it wasn't a bad thing.  The food was as it always is but the employees need to keep their drama to themselves.  No one wants to listen to girls whine about other employees while they assemble my burrito or mutter under their breath when they're re-stocking the forks.  Come on girls, your job isn't that hard and this just isn't the place for your teenaged nonsense.
