5	I started visiting this place in summer of 2008. Folks are always professional and friendly. I never feel rushed at this place. I've been working with Dr. David Drewitz and he always greets with a smile, and always answers the plethora of questions I have prepared, even though I see him every 6 months. I now live in Prescott but will make special trips just to see him. Convenient location, ample parking, welcoming lobby.
2	Let me preface this review by saying that I MAY try this office again just with a different doctor. Dr. Drewitz  (and a few others) got pretty awesome reviews elsewhere online and was a peer-voted TOP DOC in the Phoenix Magazine. While that's not the patients voting, Yelpers, I suggest you do your own research. Note: I will update my review if I need to go back.Now to my experience. I called with digestive stress thinking it was a pretty serious episode that I was having. They got me in quickly but with a young doctor that hadn't received very good online reviews. They were quick to assign this one to me and although i was leery, I decided to just give this guy the benefit of the doubt.As another Yelper just before me mentioned, although I don't know if we had the same doc, the bedside manner was virtually non-existent. While he may just have a laid back personality, professionally, I prefer my docs to act like they give a shit.So then after asking me a few perfunctory questions about my current symptoms, he does the "stethoscope to the heart and back" routine and sends me to a kind woman to schedule my CT scan at a local Imaging place. Again, they got me in pretty quickly.Here's where it went awry for me. I went in for the scan on a Friday and the CT techs said the drs. office would receive results in 2 to 3 bus. days. I called Digestive Health Center - Coronado in 4. They had the results but the dr. had to sign off so someone could tell me my results and hadn't. Meanwhile, I'm beginning to panic cause NO NEWS IS BAD NEWS when you're a patient with a condition.EIGHT BUSINESS DAYS LATER, I call back like WTF? The assistant was apologetic but noted he STILL hadn't signed off on my results. Now remember , that this is simply so they can tell me something IS or ISNT wrong with me. Jeez!!!!!So I said I need another doctor then. An hour or two later another doctor calls back to tell me all is fine. For this frustrating episode, I receive a dang near $200 bill (after insurance pays their part and note how quickly THAT arrived vs. how slow the follow up was) and after paying $350 out of pocket for a CT scan. So $550 of my hard-earned- and- not- easily- come- by savings later, I am ok but seriously do not feel the service I received was worth it!
5	I made my first visit here in November 2013. I found the front desk staff to be friendly and accommodating. I was very happy with my visit with Dr. Mills. I can tell that he thinks critically about all the information I provide, and when he arrives at a recommendation he is very articulate. His approach made me feel comfortable and at ease.
1	This place works with another doctor service (A2ZHome) and they made the appointment without any knowledge to my father (an 81 year old very sick man).  We got a nice little bill in the mail for $25 because we had no knowledge of this appointment only the robot call the day before that I then called the answering service and told them to leave a message that we would NOT be there.  My father was just to weak and sick to leave the home.  But I guess that doesn't matter.  I have been in the medical profession for 20 year and NEVER got a bill for a no show.  I guess they need lunch money.  Not quite sure how they are as doctors but I know they are not the ones we will ever see.
