4	OMG...I have to say that this place was not what I expected.  I like to live life on a budget so I was dying to find a decent place that offers cheap facials.  This is the place to be!! Oh yeah! I felt like floating after the facial (hour), and foot-head-hand massage.  People also noticed how great my skin looked afterward.  "wow so soft", they exclaimed.  Other then being a school the only qualm I had was the noise. Apparently on that particular day most of the morning clients canceled so the students were lounging in the halls chatting away with no respect to the clients.  Yes I know its a school but aren't they supposed to be practicing their trade not chatting about how their boyfriends are annoying them. GEEEEEEEZ!! Anyway, my aesthetician (sp?) was quite apologetic and asked the women to STFU!! ha!  I don't remember what brand of products they used but she put this pumpkin stuff that smelled yummy and really got rid of some congested areas.  WELL anyway so all that and guess what???? Hour facial and massage for a whopping $30 (plus tip).  I'd pay that any day to feel like a goddess!! try it out.  ask for amber. Oh and if you are a first time client they have a $20 coupon on the website.  Expires may 30th
3	My first visit to SWINA was an accident- I had an appt. for a massage at SWIHA and mistakenly turned into the parking lot next door.  The second time was when reparations at SWIHA caused them to close shop and move all appointments (including my massage) here.  I was not able to enjoy the massage as much, bec. the open ceilings allowed all sorts of noises (conversations, construction noises coming from next door, etc.) in- too distracting.I was able to experience my first mud wrap after first reading about SWINA's offering back in June '08 last Friday.  I'd have to say it was nothing I thought it would be.  I thought I'd be lying in a bed of mud (like I've seen in European travel logs) w/ some slices of fruit or veggies covering my eyes (no, not cucumber slices... I'm allergic to cukes!).  Nope.  No mud bed.  No sliced garnishes placed on the windows of my soul.  However, I did get two women to simultaneously massage my back (Cassie) and leg muscles (Patty)!!  Woah!  So this is what tandem massages are all about!!  I asked if this was standard practice here in SWINA, 'cause if it is, I could definitely get used to this!  But no, I'm told that I got lucky that day, w/ students' schedules opening up at just the right moment to allow me this extra luxury.  (If you ask me, I think it's a ploy to get newbies to come back for treatments week after week!)But let's backtrack a bit and start in the beginning.  After stripping down to my comfort level (topless), and lying face down on the massage table (I requested a face pillow for more comfort), Cassie and Patty proceeded to give me the back and leg massages.  Afterwards, they employed natural brushes over exposed areas for an all-over exfoliation.  The sensations ranged from slightly ticklish to soothing (you may tailor the pressure exerted).  I was asked to flip over onto my back, and soon after, the mud was then painted on by both women with another set of brushes.  This was when the treatment started to go downhill for me... the mud was applied cold, and thank goodness there was a heat lamp nearby to keep me warm.  After painting my back, arms, legs, and abs, the two women proceeded to wrap plastic around my extremities and then again w/ another wrap that was already laid on top of the massage table under me.  (If you suffer from claustrophobia, body wraps are not for you!)  Patty then left Cassie to help another student.  Cassie then proceeded to give me my second favorite part of the treatment, which is a head and neck massage.  Nice!!  After, Cassie offered to give me something complimentary- a facial massage!  Would I want one?  Why, yes, thank you very much!  After all that pampering, we were now at the point where I again had to endure chills while Cassie wiped off the mud w/ warm towels.  But I requested hotter towels, as in steaming hot!, and poor Cassie... her hands were burning!, but she did what I requested, and I was able to stave off the chills for awhile.  To "wrap" things up, Cassie followed up w/ a hypoallergenic Lotus Touch lotion.  My skin felt supple, but nothing different than what I'd experience after a bath at home using Aveda Soothing Therapy salts.  On the whole, the experience was good, but most of it is bec. of Cassie's bedside manner.  I wouldn't hesitate to ask for her again.  However, I don't think I'd try another wrap- SWINA offers three: mud, seaweed, and herbal- since I'd rather not get chilled, plus the plastic wraps used aren't biodegradeable, so I'd feel guilty causing all that pollution!  I'd say that the tandem, head, neck, and facial massages were my favorite parts, and for that, I'll just stick w/ SWIHA.  I will be back to try other services (hour-long facials for $30, anyone?).
1	The massage clinic is wonderful. The instructors, for the most part, seem to be very educated and competent. However, and this is a very BIG however, I would not suggest that anyone actually attend the school to obtain a degree or certification. The business/student services office is horrible. The majority of the employees are disorganized, rude, and not at all qualified to be serving the public. It has been brought to my attention by more than one person that The Southwestern Institute of Healing Arts needs to revamp their office staff. A few weeks ago I inquired about the holistic program and after several phone calls and emails to the school was finally directed to a woman named Aubrey who was a complete nightmare in every way beginning with her limited understanding of the holistic program, not to mention she was very uninformed about the online classes.  We finally met in person where it became obvious that she was sloppy and not at all helpful. During our appointment, Aubrey would not allow me to finish asking questions, rambled on about her stint as a hotel worker in New York and then had the audacity to answer her phone during our meeting and talk for a few minutes while ignoring me. I am completely turned off by their Student Services Dept. I sent a letter to the director, K. C. Miller, but never got a response. It's a shame, because otherwise I think it's a great place after having experienced their top notch massage clinic and yoga classes. I would not go here for classes, though. Unprofessional and rude experience.
4	This place offers great spa services at really great prices.  The students that perform the services are all very thorough and friendly.  If you can get past the curtained sectioned off rooms I think that you will enjoy the experience.  That is the only thing that in my opinion is the constant reminder you are at a school and not an expensive spa.  But for the price, who really cares???  For newbies they offer facials for something like $20, and after your first time they are $30 for a 1 hour facial!!!!  My last facial they used a pumpkin enzyme that had a little tingle to it and after my skin was so nice it glowed :) I also most recently had a glycolic peel......now that I don't think I will do again.  Getting the peel done was fine (it did sting quite a bit though) the student working on me took her time and was very nice and let me know what to expect as she applied different things to my skin.  I didn't like the flaky skin I had after the peel it took a few days to completely shed the top layer.Soooo, if your on a budget but want to treat your self I definitely recommend giving this place a call.  Heck, even if your not on a budget give them a call :)  FYI make sure to call ahead to book an appt, they are always busy I have never been able to make a same day appointment.
4	I went to the Suddenly Slimmer Spa in Phoenix 1-2 times a month for a few months before I got married. I always enjoyed my facials there but my wallet did not. I usually get my haircut at the Toni and Guy schools so I thought I'd google student day spa's and I came across SWINA. After my first visit I was immediately impressed with how professional the students were, and the quality of their products. They use Rhonda Allison (just like the Suddenly Slimmer Spa) and Hylunia which is great for sensitive skin like mine. I've gotten quite a few different facials. I like the moisturizing ones the best, and the pumpkin one smells divine although it's a little too harsh for my skin. The ladies at the front desk are always warm and friendly. The facial is typical compared to any day spa. Cleanse, 2 masks, massage. The only difference besides the cost is that instead of being in your own room you are separated by curtains in a big open area. Usually it's not a problem because music is playing and everyone talks softly except for the occasional woman that has to blab her entire life story loudly to the student, disrupting all of the other clients around her trying to get a relaxing facial. The facials run $30/hour, and for awhile they were running a 5 facials for $75 deal which was AWESOME! I went every 2-3 weeks for almost a year and hope to be going back soon.
3	This place has moved and is not at the address above anymore.  I always enjoyed going there prior for the excellent work, especially considering the price.  The new digs are nicer and the prices are a little higher.  I have always gotten good facials here.  I will return as needed for facials.However, I didn't have a good experience for scheduling for laser treatments, so I cannot give the place and overall great rating.  In addition, once, my daughter came and had her brows waxed and the job was horrible, with an uneven result, as the instructor did one eye brow and the studen the other.  The student butchered my poor daugher's brow.  I called to complain and got a complimentary facial, but it didn't make up for my daughter's experience.That said, they are great 99% of the time on the facials.
5	I have been getting my facials and microdermabrasions from here for about five years. The prices are great and I like that the instructor comes in to go over the skin analysis with the student. I would say that if you haven't had a skin treatment, this is a good start. It may be more comfortable to go here than a spa for first timers. They have great monthly specials if you're on the mailing list. The atmosphere here is professional and soothing. I've been to other student spas that are crappy and run down so this is refreshing. The products they use are not full of abrasive chemicals. I find that the students really want to help you with whatever skin issue you're having. The facials are customized for your specific problems or concerns. I have probably taken six of my friends here and a couple who have never had a facial. I love taking out of town guests here because it is affordable and we're not spending the entire day there. I highly recommend trying this place.
5	I have been going to SWINA for four years and it is the best!  In fact I loved it so much that I decided to go to school there myself.  The student clinic looks nothing like what you would imagine a school to look like.  It has ambiance  and all the qualities of a relaxing spa, but at a fraction of the cost.  I took my sister to a resort spa for her graduation and after about 700 dollars we had an ok time.  After we went to SWINA a few months later we both agreed that their facials were a million times better!  There was no comparison.  The students, instructors, and the welcoming front desk staff make the experience complete.
5	I've been going to SWINA for years now.  They totally fixed my skin! Nothing ever worked, but thanks to their skilled students and instructors, my skin never looked better.  The facility is beautiful and serene.  It's definitely worth the trip, especially since they always have some sort of great offer or special going on.  A Signature Facial for $33, come on, you can't beat it!  I bought a microderm package for $129 for 3 of them.  No where can you find a price like that.  I've never had a bad experience with the students.  The instructors seem to really make sure the students are completely ready and confident before allowing them to work on the public.They carry Rhonda Allison and Hylunia products.  I'm still using Rhonda Allison and can tell you it's top notch and very reasonably priced.I'm looking forward to my next trip already!
4	Nervous about "students" providing services but I wentto support a friend who is studying there.WOW - what an unexpected surprise.  The place is as pretty and serene and good smelling as any "spa" I have ever used.Facial came with some bonus services including a little hand AND foot massage including Hot towels........Niiiiiice.  Nice products, helpful information, great all round customer service.$33?  really? for all that nurturing?  THANK YOU..............can hardly wait until she starts Massage School as the next part of her training!
4	I still haven't tried lasers here, but I did a chemical peel and it was awesome.  I also enjoyed the recent makeup workshop and found a great match for my skin tone for foundation.  I wanted to bump them up one for some of the good experiences I have been having here lately.
5	It had been some time since I've had a facial, and I figured it was time to get one again.  Summers here in the valley can be brutal, with temps reaching 115 for days in a row, its dry as a bone most of the time, and there's always a bit of dust in the air.  I've found that since moving here, with all the sweating, dirt, sunblock and stress, you really have to take care of yourself or else it catches up with you.After searching around, most places here charge an enormous amount for a facial.  On average, I've seen them at about $85.  (some places more, some less, depending on a variety of factors.)Somehow, I found this place.  It's close to home, has great hours, and its AFFORDABLE.  After reading the reviews, this place consistantly gets between 4 and 5 stars, and I thought, what the heck, I'm gonna treat myself.  So, I made an appt, and finally rolled in this morning.  Boy, was I glad I did!This is place is awesome! Even though its a school, and a student does your work, it has the feel, and is run like a traditional spa/salon, but at half the price.  They have 2 different types of facials, the $33 dollar one and the $45 dollar one.  I went for the $45 dollar one for myself.  It was a full 60 minutes, and the girls here are really professional.  I was greeted immediately by the desk staff, and I only had to wait a few minutes for the girl who did my work.She explained everything to me that she was doing throughout the facial.  I got 2 masks, some exfoliating was done, and my skin looks like a million bucks.  I got a shoulder and foot massage, along with a few other great treatments as well. I feel so refreshed, and my skin looks great.If you have the chance, stop by here.  All the same great bonuses of the salon but at half the price.  I will be back for more, trust me!
5	It had been a while since I had reviewed my face care system and I was running out of product. I had bought my Rhonda Allison product here at SWINA when my person who did my facials went out of business. I checked the reviews for the students and decided to give it a try.I was booked with Tina for a basic facial ($33). She greeted me right away, gave me some paperwork to fill out and showed me back to the "room". I got comfy under the covers and the fun began! She started the facial, checked my skin and got her instructor to review the results. She asked me if I would like to upgrade to the Skin Brightening facial and I thought it would be a great idea (I had wanted to do this anyway but forgot to change it with my reservation). She did an absolutely WONDERFUL job keeping things nice and peaceful while she did the facial and she did a great job with the foot, hand and shoulder massages. This was the best hour I have had in a long time.Afterwards, she gave me a sheet with the recommendations and I was able to get my new products and be on my way. This was a very relaxing hour and did a great deal to recharge my batteries. I would highly recommend the facials to anyone.
5	Great deals for facials and body scrubs, with high quality products.  Your student experience will be different depending on the student naturally, but the times I've been here the students have been very knowledgeable and thorough, as well as very friendly and personable.  The basic facial is only $33, is an hour, and is custom tailored to your skin type.  Body scrubs are $40 and are also custom tailored in a similar fashion.  They are open Saturdays and late on Mondays and Tuesdays, so it is an excellent and convenient place to get your skin pampered!
5	I am so happy I went to check out SWINA finally!  I was way overdue for a facial and my skin is still trying to get adjusted to this dry weather out here!  I had such a good experience with Corina, my esthetician.  What a sweetheart!.  She was knowledgeable and personable with a gentle touch.  I loved that I was offered a hand AND foot massage during my facial.  The product recommendations were on point and there were no pushy sales tactics.  My skin felt hydrated, moisturized and clean when I left.  Looking forward to my next facial :)
4	I love this place!! I stumbled upon SWINA one day , online. I was in desperate need of a facial, but did not want to drop alot of money to do so. I decided to give it a try. I was also impressed with the fact that they use all natural products too!! The staff is friendly, I always can get an appt right away!! An added bonus is that they are open late on Thursdays!! They are even kid friendly; I took my 10 yr old to have a facial! I am a customer for life :)
3	I still like this place.  It's just that sometimes you get a GREAT student and other times just an OK one.  But they are students and they ARE learning and they need to practice.  My face is just too sensitive to take a chance with students.  The second time I went for a facial, the girl wasn't as skilled and squeezed my pores too much leaving marks (I scar VERY easily).  On my 3rd visit, I decided to ditch the facials and try a chemical peel.  It had been years and a recent bout of breakouts had left some scarring.  I appreciate their "better to be safe then sorry" approach but it turned out to be a very mild peel.  I had wanted something stronger.  I decided I can do the same type of peel at home using a similar solution online.  I DON'T RECOMMEND ANYONE ELSE TO DO THIS.  I used to do chemical peels on myself years ago, so I know when to remove the solution.  Otherwise I would still suggest people check SWINA out for facial treatments.  Some of the students are really good and it is a very soothing environment.
4	This is a great place to get a very inexpensive facial.  I love the product lines they use, Hylunia and Rhonda Allison.
5	Any reviews of this school for potentially attending the aesthetics program as a student?
5	Went to school here and cannot give enough positive words or begin to describe the awesomeness of experiences and people I met thru this great life changing experience!
