5	I have been attending Az Combat for the past 9 years and the instructors are fantastic. They teach Kickboxing, Jui-jitsu and MMA classes. Az Combat was one of the very first MMA Gyms in Arizona and have a great reputation as one of the top 10 training gyms in the nation. My daughter has also been at this school for the same amount of time and has taken advantage of many of the classes they offer including their boot camp. I would highly recommend this gym for beginners and the advanced  looking to break into the MMA circle. They have produced some of the top named fighters in Arizona.
4	I am going to start this review off with a disclaimer: I have been an athlete all my life. Today I finally decided to check out the women's cardio kickboxing class that they offer here Monday-Friday from 4:30-5:30. Man was I in over my head. This workout was by far the most intense I have ever experienced. Even with my athletic abilities, I was unable to do the whole class without sitting out a few times because I felt like I was going to pass out. Jordan, the teacher, was super encouraging and told me that most people took a few classes to actual complete the entire class without stopping which made me feel so much better. It is all women, which also made me feel better, but the guys from the class after it do come early and stare as you pant, sweat, and turn red. I am definitely going to try this class again, but only after a few days for my body to recover.I would give it five stars but when I had spoken to Spencer, the office manager, he had told me that the first class was no charge. Unfortunately, I had to pay the $10 even though it was my first time. Besides that this class is great for women who are trying to get into shape. Just don't underestimate how hard its going to be. It definitely is a workout.
3	first off, this has to be a great gym with top notch instruction. if you've ever watched a UFC fight, TUF, or any numerous other professional MMA shows, you've probably seen some of the fighters that come out of this gym. they are world recognized as some of the best fighters in the industry. that said, and hopefully i won't get my ass kicked, but i went in for a month of kickboxing through an online coupon. i've competed in smoker tournaments (head gear, shin guards) and even did 2 fights in thailand. granted, i'm older now and quite rusty after a 2 year hiatus....but they stuck me in the beginner class. and i mean beginner....punch, punch, punch. even mentioned to both trainers afterwards that i did know more than the basics and i would be comfortable in their regular class/sparring. alas, after 4 sessions of being stuck in the beginner class, i didn't take advantage of the remainder of the coupon. i'm sure they meant well, but very boring for me.
5	I started training at Az combat sports nearly 3 years ago.At first I wasn't sure if it was for me.As time went on I found myself enjoying it more and more.The instructors are the best and the facility is up to par.I've check out other gyms in the valley but I always find myself back at Az combat sports..I really wish they taught us how to counter a tombstone piledriver.
5	I am an avid fan of Groupon/Living Social/Deal Chicken you name it, I am looking for a deal! With that being said I have tried many boxing/kickboxing gyms before trying Arizona Combat.I bought a Living Social for the Women's Boot-Camp in September of 2012 and here it is March of 2013 and I'm an active member of this gym.  I cannot get enough of this place. The women's classes kick your butt, I mean that in every literal sense of the sentence but we still have so much fun doing it! Each trainer works with you as an individual and helps you gain the knowledge you need in order to work out properly and push yourself further than you would on your own at home doing some video.I love this gym. I would highly recommend it to anyone that has a desire to work out and work out hard!I am here to tell you that I have never felt better in my life.
5	This is hands down one of the most legitimate of any fighting gyms I have been to. When combat sports comes to mind, some may think of salty coaches with hot headed fighters and mats as nauseating as the staffs egos.  If thats what you're looking for, I would suggest going back to your Uncle Ronny's garage and promise not to "talk about rule #1 again".  Right when you walk in, you have welcoming staff members who will kindly answer any questions you have regarding ACS and working out altogether. There are amazing coaches that understand that there is a major difference in disposition, as far as what you're there to accomplish. Whether its getting an amazing workout while understanding the technique of a fighting sport, or trying to take the leap to be the worlds best fighter; this place has the knowledge base, experience, equipment, and space to do so. The price of membership is by far the most economical, and classes are dispersed to accommodate all schedules. The facility is clean, and all egos are checked at the door. There are plenty of people with different shapes, sizes, and experience levels. If you're embarrassed/nervous because you've never thrown a punch before, don't worry about it, because there are plenty of people just like you that were at that stage a few days ago.  You probably wouldn't have noticed they just started, because the coaches are, in effect, that good.  I would highly recommend Arizona Combat Sports to any interested in caring about their well being; mentally or physically. If at worst, try it free for a week, and you come out with less fat on your body and have met some really nice people.   All that being said, I don't work for ACS, I'm just a very satisfied student that is gracious to have such coaches.  If you come in, say hi. I'll be the one in the corner doing the splits on two chairs****If you don't know that reference, I believe you can find it by Google'ing "Jesus Superhero Jean Claude Van Damme"
5	Well I joined this gym last year and I'm a different person now. Great atmosphere, friendly people and best coaches. You have everything you need to become a fighter. Awesome schedule and perfect training times. Not expensive, although it should be the most expensive, because it's the best in the area in my opinion. There are a lot of other stuff, "check it out" is my advice.
5	I just started at this gym a couple months ago and already I am very pleased with my experience. They actually post the prices on the website, so you know up front what you're getting into, that was a big plus for me. They make a point to pull the new students aside and show them the basics. Great gym, it was exactly what I was looking for!
