5	This is little delicacy of a restaurant is tucked away in a large new strip mall of all places, but that doesn't take away from the instant ambiance this restaurant delivers.On entering, you leave the hustle ans bustle of Las Vegas behind you and enter a world of affordable elegance. The deep cushioned private booths and the romantic lighting make for instant relaxation and a catering of the senses.Reservations not needed, possibly recommended on Weekends, Ive never needed one, Check the website for special prix fixe dinners ans wine tastings.We are, most of the time, greeted warmly by the manager "G", who is always on top of his game on new things to try on the menu, as well as a wonderful connoisseur of wines.There is no rush a Chandelier. The European flair and leisurely dining,  is reminiscent to the Parisian dinner "fetes", I have had been to in  Paris and around Europe, and this dining experience certainly helps to cater not only to your stomach but to all your senses.The appetizers are excellent and the "Mediterranean Sample Platter" is a meal in itself.The Grape leaves and full appetizer menu are wonderful precursors to the spicier more decadent dishes Chandelier is always presenting, full of a very unique blend of flavors, which you will crave in your sleep for weeks to come.After a leisurely meal, they have a state-of-the-art Hookah lounge in the back where you can also order from the menu and savor the last of your bottle of wine, before retiring home with a full belly, a great experience and times to be remembered.Perfect for a party of two, or ten. It is a very quiet, mellow place, perfect for unwinding with wine and appetizer or full course meals.  Highly recommended to those who want wonderful, wallet friendly places off the strip.
3	Chandelier's is the first Hookah place in Henderson that I have found convenient, and nice enough to venture away from Paymon's for. While I am still an avid fan of Paymon's, Chandelier's offers the same environment, plus a bigger bar, and a great room for bigger parties as well. It is also closer to home located on St. Rose and Eastern. The food is decent Mediterranean, but the hookah is really what I care about for this review. They offer tons of flavors, as well as drinks that compliment those flavors. My only slight irritation was the service, but maybe I was there on a hectic night. They seemed a bit lagging, and not as friendly as other places, but again, everyone has their off days. For the location and price, Chandelier's is a nice alternative for Hendersonian Hookah-goers.Recommended Hookah: Mango-Mint. Weird, but fun!Recommended drink: I just had a cranberry vodka, but they offered tons of cocktails as well as a wine list.
3	Pretty decent mix of Indian and Mediterranean food, all very tasty, great place for lunch, and they are open pretty late for dinner as well. The feel of the place is a bit upscale which is in contrast to the fact that it's in a strip mall next to a Lowe's. It's a bit pricey for the quality of the food, but overall, worth checking out.
2	On our first visit a year ago the food was very close to perfect.  WE had an entriely different experience when recently returned.  We started off with a mezzah (appetizer) of baba ganouj - smoked eggplant mixed with lemon juice, tahini and garlic. It was served with warm pita, but the taste of our baba ganouj was muted compared to our previous visit.  Also disappointing was my wife's salmon with pesto sauce entre.  The portion was smaller than in the past and it was cooked until it was dry as a bone. My entre, kafta kabob, also suffered a similar fate at the hands of the chef.  At least we enjoyed our bottle of Tunnel of Elms wine though we did incure a $10 corkage fee.
5	This place is BOMB. After frequenting hookah bars such as Paymon's and Almaza (which has become very snotty and customer UN-friendly), I have to say Chandelier is the best place to not only smoke hookah, but to order bottle service and eat dinner. Their food is amazing (I recommend the Tandoori Chicken Wrap). My first time there, the guy serving us (I think he's the owner or something like that), comped all our hookah for us, probably because we ordered like three bottles of wine. He even ushered us into the VIP booth for us to enjoy our hookah. We tipped him well, of course. Needless to say, the service was awesome. I also like the fact that Chandelier is located in Henderson, so I don't have to drive all the way to Vegas to enjoy a good smoke.  On the weekend when it gets later into the night, they convert the front of the restaurant into a dance floor.I'm definitely going to be a repeat customer!If this is your first time trying to find the restaurant, it is a little hard to find, because it's tucked in between a bunch of other stores, you may have to drive around a little around the plaza to find it.
5	FIRST OFF:  I am not reviewing the food.  I have gone to Chandelier about 15 times and never eaten anything more than naan (which is good).The location is great for people who live in Silverado Ranch/Henderson area.  St. Rose and Eastern is easy to find.  One tip:  if you prefer a more laid back atmosphere, any night but Friday will be good for you.  Friday night is DJ night and the place turns into a pseudo-club.As I previously stated, I have been to Chandelier about 15 times and have been going on a pretty regular basis.  I go to smoke hookah, which is priced at $15 for the first bowl, $10 for each subsequent one.  They are very friendly about what flavor you'd like and are very attentive when you need a new coal/bowl.  Their hookahs smoke well and are not overly large (like some other places).They have a restaurant area in the front with booth/table seating and a "lounge" area in the back with 5 "areas" for you to sit and smoke hookah at.  They only like to allow 21+ in the lounge.  We prefer the lounge as the lighting is dim, the booths are comfortable, and the atmosphere is relaxing.The drinks they make are fairly priced and are not weak at all, which is good.  They will often "buy" some of your drinks for you if you are a frequent customer or order lots of drinks/hookah.Sure, you can find cheaper hookah (the Olive) or fancier hookah (Almaza), but I review this place highly because it is the kind of place that will reward frequent customers.  They will establish a first-name-basis relationship with their clientele and make them feel welcome.  In this city, that is sometimes hard to come by.
