5	WHAT A FIND!I hope I never need a repair again, but If I do, I know where to take it.  I had cracked my screen on my iPhone 4s pre-coffee yesterday and noticed them after stopping at Dunkin Donuts and just stopped in.  CJ was honest, attentive, quick and his prices were more than reasonable. iFix really saved the day!
5	We were in Scottsdale for a meeting.  Wife notice sign so we stopped in - looks like they recently opened.  She had a big chip on her back iPhone 4 glass and wanted it fixed before it completely shattered.  For a little extra was able to change her Phone into a Red iPhone for about the same price as our deductible WITHOUT having to wait at cell store.  Walked next door for coffee and when we returned she now has a red iPhone.   Owner was knowledgeable and friendly.   He described how he can practically rebuild the entire iPhone - speakers, internals etc.  I am dropping my over priced cell company insurance as his rates are basically what I would pay as a deductible - saves me about $20.00 a month/$200+/yr on our two phones.  He also repairs other electronics but have not tried anything other than iPhone.  Highly recommend.
5	CJ is great, we use him for all our computers, business and personal. Highly recommended.
5	Quality work and reasonable prices. Definitely the place to go for a broken iPhone or iPad screen.
5	They fixed my iPhone's screen and power button. Awesome work. My phone looks brand new. They also fixed my friend's iPhone's home button for free just because I was already getting work done. As of 8/28/13,- iPhone 4s screen replace = $79Highly recommend these guys. They did fantastic work at a reasonably price.
5	Fixed my iPhone 5 in 30 mins. I had a baaaaad crack. It was all crack, actually. Just shards everywhere. CJ and Elizabeth do this all day long. This is easy for them. They are pros. They will handle your product with care and without the bs quasi-hipster attitude of some apple 'genius.'
5	Very professional from the beginning to the end! Elizabeth is energetic and the work that was performed is second to none!  I highly recommend using them!
5	iFixAZ is awesome.  They were able to fix my cracked iPhone 5 screen very fast.  It looks brand new.  I would highly recommend them to fix any mobile device.  Thanks.
5	I had (another) broken screen in my iPhone. It was fixed in less than 90 minutes. CJ and the receptionist were sweet and helpful. Price was reasonable too: $79 for the screen fix, $15 for a new battery (I mentioned it seemed like the phone wasn't holding a charge well so he offered to replace the battery at a reduced price) = $94 out the door. I couldn't be happier.
5	Owner is extremely personable cares as much about the customer as he does the business. Gonna take all my broken electronics here.
4	So much better than those pop-up shops you see around town!  CJ has fixed a couple iThingies for me.
5	Quick turnaround, knowledgable staff and priced fair.  I will definitely use them again.
5	Quick service, friendly people, fair price, and a yelp coupon. Does not get any better.
5	Awesome experience. You can either go to an Apple store and pay $80'for a new iphone battery or go to this place and get the same one for $30. They were very nice, fixed it within the hour, owner is a smart tech guy, and they looked very busy.  I will use them again and tell everyone else I know to go to them. I can tell the owner is proud of his business. I think they should franchise and open in the malls.
5	picked up my finished iPhone from cj. GREAT JOB !!!My poor iPhone 4 16 gb had a small chip in the corner, and recently it turned into a full on cracked screen. I was devastated, but thought I could live through the cracks. Turns out it bothered me more than I had originally thought.  I know what everyone is saying...why don't you just get the new iPhone?  Well..my phone is working great, and although I can use an upgrade for the 5s, I would rather wait for something that WOWs me more.Long story short, I dropped my phone off @ i fix az to have it repaired...grabbed lunch with the wifie ...then picked it up on my way back to work.  wow. 45 minutes and $62 later my phone looks great!Thanks cj i fix az is the best
5	My iPhone 5 was pretty thrashed.  I was skeptical that anyone would be able to repair it.  Replaced screen and LCD and its working perfectly now.  I was a high maintenance customer because of the extent of the damage. They stand behind their work 100%.  High integrity.
5	I walked in just before 10 and left before 10:10!  My screen was fixed to perfection at a great price!  Can't say enough about this company; it's awesome!
5	They backed up my old computer for about half of what I thought I was going to pay. They were professional and friendly. Can't ask for more!
5	Great guys, great service. The broken screen on my iPhone 5s was fixed as promised, when promised, and at the price promised. Maybe that sounds like faint praise, but in today's world, straight shooters like Chris and company are to be lauded. I hope I never break my phone again, but if I do, I'll be back.
4	These guys fixed the cracked screen on my Samsung Galaxy S3.  They charged a very reasonable price and the quality of their work was satisfactory.  They were able to complete the work in a few hours which was also good.
5	I had a terrible experience at Apple in which isn't worth my time to even explain. However it made me look into other options. I found iFix through Yelp and I had a great experience. It was close and convenient to both my house and work. The 2 guys working were very nice we joked about my Apple nightmare. I was in and out in an hour and they were $70 cheaper then Apple and they had the added bonus of not being genius twerps. I will be recommending them from here on out. Thank you guys!!!
5	Another excellent repair of my iPad mini screen.
5	I found iFixAZ through YELP! What a great place to take my computer for a total clean up job of all this MalWare that invaded it. The service was timely, cost totally fair, staff and CJ amazing. I will take all my fixes for my electronics to CJ. Lifesaver, especially because I didn't have to go through some outfit like BestBuy for the repair. CJ offered my some great tips as well to keep the system clean and what to watch out for. Thank you so much!!!
5	I have been doing business with CJ since he first set up shop inside a Cricket Wireless store front near Walmart.  Now he has his own operation conveniently close to Trader Joe's off Frank Lloyd Wright Boulevard. My latest visit was to find a solution to my waterlogged iPad Mini, for which the Apple Store Genius people gave me a complete run-around, suggesting that I would be offered $160 for it by their recycler.  Two weeks later, the offer came back as ZERO!CJ put on a new screen and dried everything out for $110 ($50 cheaper than I could find via Craigslist), and it is now as good as new.   Time elapsed - 24 hours so that it could "set" overnight... I can't recommend him and his two charming helpers highly enough.
5	I work in the same complex as this company and CJ has been the best to work with.  It started with him replacing the screen on my IMac because it had a chip in it.  I ordered it and he popped it on with great simplicity.  The next round came in when I needed to replace my hard drive in the same machine.  I was scared to do this because I thought I might lose passwords or data, but I did not lose a thing.  In fact it was exactly as I left it, only it came back with a solid state hard drive that has been the best thing since sliced bread.  If you need anything repaired, CJ is the best and will make sure it is done right!
5	we brought our one year old Wii U in, which decided to die one year on the anniversary of our purchase of it.  CJ, the owner, took it apart, cleaned it, and found out it wasn't broken at all - just clogged with dust, which overheated it, and tripped its internal breakers.  We got our Wii back, and we paid virtually nothing for the service.  The guy knows his stuff.  Good to know there is place that fixes all these things - I probably would have bought another Wii and been fuming for a year about it had I not saw his sign that said he fixed video game consoles.  Definitely worth the time.
5	Dunno how they compare to other places in The Valley since I've never had to get an iPhone battery replaced before, but these guys were quick and very professional. Prices were in line with what I expected... I was in and out of there in like 10 mins. Would definitely go back if I needed something else repaired on my iPhone.
1	I would not recommend this company because they just do not have business ethic.They replaced the battery of my iPad, and the battery replacement itself was ok.But...1. The home button of the iPad was broken. Before the iPad was handed over to me, a guy checked my iPad. He obviously noticed that the home button was not working properly (he pushed it many times and frowned his eyes....), he handed it over to me, and said "Everything works fine". I checked it myself, and I pointed it out that the home button did not seem to work well, he checked it again and said "I apologize I did not notice that". He promised me to fix it the next day, so I left the store.2. So the next day, I came back to the store, and saw my iPad. The button did not seem to recover 100%, but got better. And I noticed that the screen film was removed, so I asked where did it go. The same guy responded "During the repair process, the film got burned - it was really messy, so we just removed it". I told him why they did not put a new film because they should be responsible for the mess, and the other guy in the back room responded "we can order a new film for $5 if you want"....I just could not believe that I was receiving that level of customer service and having that conversation.I cannot judge the level of their technique, but I cannot trust them and would never recommend to my friends.
1	Run away as fast as you can. Took a laptop in to have the power jack replaced. By the time they were done almost 2 weeks later my laptop will not turn on and they took no responsibility for it. They attempted to blame the problem on the computer having a problem before they received it even though they had turned it on and examined the computer when I dropped it off. I was handed my non working computer and told there would be no charge. They appear to do a great job replacing iphone screens but replacing a power jack on a laptop is out of their league. Think again before you spend a dime with these guys. There is a reason they are not registered with the Better Business Bureau.
5	Great service. Cory repaired my phone quickly and less expensive then most places I checked.
4	great speedy service
5	These guys do great work. Its quick service a fair price. My poor little s3 is now good as new. Recommend them if you want a no hassle experience. Keep it up fellas.
5	I have been here twice. The first time was to fix the power button on my iPhone the next time was to fix the glass on my iPad. These guys are fast and great.  Both devices are good as new.  I will be back to their business. The iPad cost $109 and the pier switch $50.
5	My iphone 5s was pretty much a goner, and they brought it back to life promptly. i would recommend this company.
5	Went to get my shattered glass fixed on my galaxy note 3. Only took 3 hrs as promised. My phone is like new again!!
5	I just had them replace the front glass on my near-four year old iPhone 4. In at 10a, done by 11a, $59 with the Yelp coupon. Very pleased!
5	Like most slaves to propaganda.... I chose to upgrade my iPhone to a 5s. Thankfully IfixAZ is there to help with this "phone".I requested they replace the battery on my phone. They did this promptly while I waited at an extremely competitive price. As it turned out the battery wasn't the issue on this POS device that wouldn't take a charge. I return to the store for some answers and they offered to refund 100% of my money (including the 35% tip I gave them for working a holiday week-end). I insisted that we split it and I will deal with an Apple "genius"Long...short they cant be denied as the most honest, hardworking store in the valley.
5	CJ and his team are awesome!!! I ordered a cracked screen for my iPhone from Ebay and it turned it out was corrupted because upon install (by someone else) one of the very tinest parts, the coils broke.  I took my phone to iFixAZ and they not only replaced my screen but they repaired a very, tiny, tiny part inside my iPhone for me!!  AND I was charged a VERY reasonable price, I mean wow!  This company has excellent customer service skills, a keen sense of professionalism, and a very, very good at what they do.  This company is now my go-to company for any computer electronical & smartphone needs.Thanks again guys!Keyia
5	These guys are great. They had my laptop to me within the agreed timeframe. Took the time to explain what they had done and don't make you feel dumb for not knowing as much as they do. I would recommend anyone to take their computers, phones or tablets there.
5	Found these guys on yelp. They have great customer service and the price is spot on. I came in at lunch and told them I was strained on time, not a problem they said and got straight to work. They also recommended a great place to eat while I waited. Thanks guys!
5	This place is amazing! I had my MacBook Pro 15" fixed here because of a crack in the glass. They did amazing work! It looks as good as new. They charged me 100 with the 5 dollar off deal! I will for sure recommend them to friends!
5	These guys are great. I dropped my Android S3 and the glass shattered. Even though I pay sprint $12 a month for insurance, they wanted $150 to fix it. These guys did it for $79. I also used the Yelp deal to save $10. The phone looks like new.
5	These guys are very professional with a great attitude.   in addition to replacing a screen on one device and replacing a battery on another, they DONATED an I-phone  when they found out we were donating these devices to some economically challenged kids!
5	Probably the best place I've ever gone to when it comes to broken electronics. They are so incredibly friendly and do great work!! Highly recommend
5	These guys were awesome.  I had my iPhone 5 screen replaced and noticed much later that the camera lens was cracked,  I told Liz about it and she stated that although they normally charge $50 for the repair, since I had a repair done recently that they would give me a discount.  You rock Liz!
5	Had the best service when I went to have three phones fixed. They gave me a great deal and the front desk girl was so bubbly, and made me feel so comfortable leaving my phones in their hands for a very short period of time. All three phones were done in a hour and a half. Thanks CJ, you did an awesome job!
5	My husband and I needed new screens and batteries for our cell phones.  They were quick to fix the issues and we felt the prices were reasonable.   The store itself is a little hidden.  It's located upstairs in case anyone gets lost!
5	Good fast repair service got my phone back from the tech in no time tought he would take a while with it. I use my phone for every thing.
5	I HIGHLY recommend using this company. They are extremely knowledgable, fast and have great prices. They fixed my daughters broken screen for her 5s in one hour. Then a few weeks later the side of the screen lifted a bit so I brought it back in and without any question they fixed the screen. They absolutely stand behind their product. #customerforlife
5	These guys are great.  I was in and out in less than five minutes with a new battery for my iPhone.
1	My nexus 4 had a cracked screen and I got it fixed here for 80$  .After 50 days the lower panel of screen stopped working , I came back and the team said I am out of  the warranty period but as a curtsey they would not charge me the labor fee . They changed the screen back for 55$ . After 2 days , the screen started to black out while I make a call . I came back to the shop and I was told that they don't want to work on this phone as it is no good so I will be refunded the amount (55$) . I agreed to it as i did not have any other option .When I told them the last 4 digits of the card I made the payment from , the lady said that I need to go back and get my previous screen and they would take the screen back that they just put in . I live 15 miles away from this shop and I had to make 3 visits already due to poor service. And when I was asked to get the old screen to replace it back , I gave up and said thank you .I would never suggest this place to any one ever .
5	After a hectic week, I (like many before) dropped my phone on a tile floor. Liz and the team at ifixaz came to the rescue and were able to fix my screen right away. After a delay in getting parts, Liz saved the day and the team stayed super late to find my part and get the job done. Kudos and many thanks to ifixAZ.
5	Spoke with CJ on the phone. He was very honest with me and told me that to get the iPhone 6 screen replaced, equipment runs around $135 plus labor, but that the apple store was significantly cheaper. I absolutely appreciate  truth in business, Cj embodied that truth...awesome encounter. Will be calling if I ever have another screen or phone that requires more skill that I have. Two thumbs up :)
