4	I love their customer service at this location! I mean it's in the middle of nowhere basically & for them to actually take care of their customers that well is amazing! I'm the type of person that asks for a lot & I like people who can put up with me asking for this & that. Everyone is so energetic even though they had to work long, late night shifts!
1	Terrible service - worse food.
3	We eat breakfast here frequently. It's typical IHOP, but the food is fine and the staff takes good care of us.
3	food is passable service is fair nothing special but then again nothing horrible
1	Come at midnight if u want a good meal! ! service was embrassing, waited over a half hour to get our cold eggs- who likes cold eggs? ? Certainly not us, waitress didn't even fill our tea, which was the worst tea ever, however when we usually dine here, we have great service and good food. . I recommend going at a later hour which defeats the purpose of a good Sunday breakfast, but only way to get a good IHOP meal. .
3	Free breakfast for my bday. food was good service was excellent. coffee was great as well as fresh
2	had an early morning taking my mom up to phoenix sky harbor from tucson. stopped here on the way back because the husband wanted pancakes.i don't really like breakfast, so i like that these diners let you order from the entire menu all day long. the husband got some blueberry pancakes and eggs. everything was good on his part.i got the fried chicken dinner (was going to save some for lunch/dinner later that day, too). it came with a soup (but the soup didn't make it out to our table until after the dinner came). besides the soup, nothing else was good. it didn't appear to be busy when we walked in, but service was super slow. the waitress never offered to refill waters. i always had to ask and then it took 10 minutes each time for her to come back.
1	Don't ever go here if your expecting what you see on their menu. The food looked and tasted awful. The fries were cooked in old oil and the BLT toast was hard. My eggs were cold and my bacon was cold and cooked way too long. When will I ever learn.I hate leaving negative reviews but this visit is really deserving of it.Side note: Coffee was fresh and tasted great!
5	As always to be expected when eating out here I never have a problem here for anything the customer service is one of the best and continue to put my faith into IHOP, the quality of the food is one of the greatest out there and strongly recommend this restaurant to anyone who has not yet tried it out yet. Normally it's always my family and I that attend here as it never disappoints. The Employees for the most part are down to Earth and you could actually tell that they are being legitimate as actually wanting to be there and serve the benefits and interests of the customers. Also the Manager assuming which is the gentleman working there comes around and checks on everyone to see how they are doing. Great food and thanks so much again IHOP, Keep up the good work,
3	Called in an order to go couple days ago. Brought it home just as good as if I ate it there. Good food good price.
1	Fire the chef that worked 12/16/2014 evening shift after 10:30 pm. Food and coffee cold. We were the only people in the restaurant and still had bad food. Nasty green beans that were petrified and of course cold. Ebony and Misty saved the evening. Never again.
