4	This Farmers Market was the brainchild of Mario and the crew at Molto Vegas. They have a deep passion for the Slow Food philosophy. http://www.slowfood.com/about_us/eng/philosophy.lasso They specialise in organic sustainable product and although sometimes spendy always well worth it. The vendors seem to change from week to week but the product is always amazing. You will often see chefs from the best restaurants in Vegas perusing to find the best and freshest product. Fruits, Vegetables, Micro greens, Dates, Olive oils, Vinegars, Fresh juices, Eggs, Milk, and hand made cheeses there is a lot going on here. The one trick is that it is only on Thursdays from 11am until about 1pm.
4	Cool little farmers market.  Maybe 10-15 vendors.  Only open on Thursday 11am-1pm (wish they were open on weekends) Lots of chefs & culinary students running around.  Picked up some fresh veggies & some coffee from Colorado River Coffee Roasters.  Most vendors are cash only.
4	These guys are a great little hideout of fresh ingredients in a Mario Batali warehouse.  It's like Foodie Fight Club, only you should totally tell everyone about it!    For great condition organic veggies and fruit -- at a good price -- this is the place to go.  There's also a bread vendor who sells amazingly delicious Rye for $4 a loaf -- if you miss out on this, you'll be bereft of some good sandwiches!  If you're looking for where all the top chefs get quality niche ingredients, this is the spot.  Make sure you get there Thursdays!
4	Best farmers market in town. This is primarily a Fresh foods market with GREAT PRODUCE LOCALLY GROWN and ORGANIC! It has grown a lot in one year and perhaps should find a larger space but fantastic!Dont miss the bread!
5	The Skinny: unique farm-fresh produce that you can't find anywhere in Vegas albeit the market is small (5), service - great, with lots of tastings of farm-fresh produce (4), value - Hit or miss. But, I got a black truffle the size of an apricot for $25. 'Nuff said. (5)Finally, got to get to see this market today and boy! was I ever happy I heard about it. It was totally amazing - both in quality and variety. I've never seen some of the produce they have on sale. (and I hang out at Asian markets too... so I see a lot of weird stuff).Okay, it was pretty small. But I think the produce quality is better than your local Vegas Whole Paycheck (Foods... hee hee hee). Pricing really varies depending on the stall. I found that the largest stall, while having the largest variety, was the most expensive stall compared to the smaller stalls(ie, got summer squash for $2/lb vs. $4/lb in the larger stall).The highlight of the trip was the stall that sold mushrooms - great, rare varieties for $6 per 1/4 lb. I got some great morels and was really salivating over the chantrelles. Also bought a whole black truffle, the size of an apricot, for $25 (works out to be 0.45/gm) !!!! I swear, I almost had a foodie orgasm right then and there. What a deal!I swear this is the best find in Vegas so far... bar none.
4	Why hadn't I been here yet?? This place is a vegan paradise! I'm fresh from the market, and I'm still so excited about it!! I was like a kid in a locally-grown organic candy store!I was really impressed with the selection (expected it to be much more limited), as well as the quality.  The smaller growers were so passionate about their produce and eager to tell you all about it.  Almost every one of them said "come back and tell me what you thought."My CSA (Quail Hollow Farms) now has a stand, and I picked up some heirloom tomatoes, eggplant, and garlic from them.  They also had peppers, squash, eggs, onions and sunflowers.There was a local garlic grower with at least 5-6 kinds of garlic - can't wait to go back and sample the varieties! He also had shallots.Local coffee roaster (Colorado River Coffee Roasters) had 5 varieties, including an espresso and decaf - I got the Guatemalan. Local bakery Bon Breads was probably the best deal - gorgeous, good-sized loaves for only $3/4.The real score was the freshly made pasta by Chef Marc.  Vegans!! Listen up - fresh EGGLESS pasta! I got the spinach pappardelle.  Swoon! It is almost impossible to find fresh pasta with no eggs, so this is truly great.  (you will pay a premium - ~$7/8 per lb)One forager(?) had a grand selection of mushrooms, including morels, chanterelles, oyster, maiitake, and shitake.  She was also selling vanilla beans for a steal at $1 ea.  I got a free sample of chanterelles that I can't wait to try.  There was so much stuff that you rarely see in stores, like fresh garbanzo beans, heirloom long bean varieties, garlic scapes, dragonfruit (obviously not local, but still, cool as hell), fresh currants... For non-vegans, the Fresh from the Fields folks were also selling smoked goat cheese and fresh burrata that seems to be all the rage these days.Definitely worth a trip! It's not cheap, but it's around Whole Foods prices, so definitely worth it!  Remember to bring cash, and look for #106 in the little strip mall area. I didn't realize it was indoors! So, bonus, you will not be dripping sweat when you leave.
4	I had the pleasure of visiting this wonderful little farmers Market today! I actually found that the prices weren't all that bad either. The place is even smaller than I expected though, and a bit hectic to move around in. I sort of felt like I was in a packed nightclub, getting rubbed up by every passer by (not that I'm complaining.) I arrived at 11:45 so I'd hate to have seen the place at 11am when they opened. The sellers/growers are so congenial and knowledgeable about their produce. I managed to snag some of the buratta cheese I read about in other reviews and it is incredible. I was in heaven while it lasted. At $3 a pop I should have bought the remaining bags! I also picked up a bunch of beets for $2 and they were equally wonderful. I just made an exquisite beet and goat cheese salad with them and they were divine! The last thing I bought was 1/2 pound of Oyster mushrooms. I felt obligated to buy something since the vendor told me I had the most beautiful hair she had ever seen (especially since this place was full of humidity and my hair was forming into a fro). Surprisingly a half pound of mushrooms is quite a lot!There were many varieties of veggies and peppers that I had never heard of before. There were tongue beans, purple artichokes, purple Italian sweet onions, Bulgarian chili peppers, lavender sugar, the list goes on. The back doors were open which negated the A/C and made it rather warm inside. Most vendors only took cash. Be sure to bring your reusable shopping bags when you go. I personally chose to take my Yelp bag! Yeah I was representin!
4	The Molto market is a gift to those of us who live in the desert who are used to "real" farmers markets. Though it's a very small market, the fruit and vegetable selection is outstanding. The prices are fine. The quality is top notch.But I had to take off one star for being in a location and time that is inconvenient for most anyone working M-F during normal business hours. I do go out of my way to get here as often as I can. But why can't our other farmers markets be more like Molto? Why are our farmers markets mostly filled with cookies, hot dogs, and crafts, instead of top notch produce, artisan cheeses, and breads? Molto is the best we have. I wish our other "farmers markets" would step up to this level of quality.I doubt Molto will change times or locations as its origin is selling to Strip restaurants. But I think Vegas is hungry for fresh, high quality food.
5	Please bring your last few dollars to support these guys!  I was so cynical on a first trip out there last year (developing a 'nevadatude') I figured it would be too small to survive very long like a pupfish or something out in the harsh desert country. Small can be good.So happy shock and awesomeness when I got the Yelp newsletter about local groceries and there it was, still vending out nature's goodness!  yay for Batali - that man rocks.We got some fruit and  sushito peppers we tried recently at Roy's as an appetizer (the peppers, not the fruit) grilled em up w/salt and garlic. Yum-oSo squeeze in and smile at the girls on your way to the peaches. Its all good.
3	I stopped by here after seeing all of the reviews and realizing I have Thursday mornings available now.  I felt bad for the 2 vendors outside when the rest of them are inside.  One of the melon vendors outside had children there...Anyway, did not see any cheese vendors or any truffle vendors.  I went straight for the bread and bought a loaf of feta batard.  The bread vendor was very friendly and gave me her honest opinion.  I waited very patiently to ask a larger veggie vendor about these cool white beets I had never seen.  I made sure the guy next to me got to go first.  When it was my turn, I asked her about them and was about to get some when another lady asked for some.  The vendor ignored me and helped her, so I left.  Good thing too, because there was a ridiculously long line to check out for that particular vendor - a separate cashier.  Other vendors took cash from the customer at their table.On the way out, I spotted HUGE, GORGEOUS squash blossoms already blossomed to stuff.  They were very affordable so I bought a container.  Overall, I don't see the need to rush back since I can't compare this to the San Diego market or others.  However, a loaf of bread and squash blossoms for $7 isn't bad.
5	The best market in Vegas. Please come down and support these farmers and taste  what grows here! Thank you to the molto Vegas team, doug and the crew and also Kerry Clasby and dragan for driving across the desert every week to bring us the farm freshest produce from Cali organic farmers for the public and the handful of discerning chefs that care about where their food comes from!
4	Some of the best produce I have seen in Las Vegas so far.  Get here early cause there can be a lot of people at the start. Very small area with a lot of people cramming around vendors.  The crowd moves fast though.  A lot of nice people and a couple of people I would've liked to avoid.  I was just lucky the door was open.Berry and grape heaven.  I could have gone wild on those berries and and come up looking like I fell asleep with my shoes on next to a paint set at a frat party.  The fruits were excellent as well.Things here were of great quality but the prices were a little high.  But worth it IMO.  I will definitely be back whenever I get a chance.
4	They have such a great selection of produce..but you have to get here early. And dont forget  to bring your own bag! It makes things easier for sure. Everyone is super friendly and helpful. It is not the cheapest in town but its all local farmers and worth every penny
3	I agree with many a review already listed here. *the venue is TINY so don't bring a kid or a kid in a stroller *come right when it opens *you will need lots of cash, it is kind of pricey but you have to consider what you are doing - supporting local farmers so you are not just nourishing your body with that cash, you are nourishing your soul/beliefs/values/morals/etc. *don't expect a typical California style farmers market (tons of selection, tons of booths/farmers) *volume and quality will vary greatly for produce items *the Bon Breads chocolate chip loaf is TDF! Mine didn't make it home, everyone at the office gobbled it up quick-like. I can honestly say I've only come here a few times. While it's a nice farmers market and I love supporting local it doesn't fill my fridge with enough to supply my full menu for the week. I love to come and pick up some specialty items and then make a specialty meal or desert with those items.
5	Awesome for someone from San Francsico...Diane has the best local grown herbs, and such!  Dragan and Kerry have work so hard every week to bring us some of the finest vegetables and such! I am exstatic that they are available to us...just wish it was daily!!!  Also dont forget about Bon Breads...rockstar!!!
1	Went by early Thursday..5/19....All I saw was a sign posted that the market has been postponed pending better location...
4	Needs signage! FB says its in parking lot but after aimlessly driving thru all their parking areas, I was ready to give up. Luckily I saw someone with shopping bags so I just asked her - she couldn't even explain the way, had to walk me over and point it out. So... here's my attempt at explaining it. Park in the first section of solar panel covered spots and walk back down the road to a little service road on the left. Short walk to a little metal ramp on the left to an unmarked building, and that's the farmers market! I slept in so didn't get there till 1230, a few booths were empty but there was still a good selection. They had some pretty exotic produce in addition to the expected lettuce, apples and squash. Things were a little pricey, but hey its Vegas and almost JanuaryI'm bummed I had missed the guy who locally farms shrimp, there's always next week.
4	I love fresh produce and farmer's markets. This one is a bit on the small side compared to many markets I have been to, but it's okay. This is a new venture for Las Vegas so I think we need to give the people who are putting this on the benefit of the doubt and let them work out the kinks. From what I can tell they've had a rough time of it because I believe this market used to be in a warehouse behind the strip and has been moved to the Springs Preserve. I think the Preserve is a great place to hold it, but if it gets any bigger (hope it does!) than they will need a bigger venue at the Preserve.They do need better signage as well. My mother and I parked and just so happened to see people with grocery bags headed in the right direction. If you're going, park in the uncovered area of the parking lot and head around the corner to the left. There will be an open gate and a pathway to the building where the market is.On my trip I was happy to see a lot of greens, some fruit, and some interesting odds and ends from organic growers around the valley. Farmer's markets are really great places to find new things. I happened to pick up some nice, big white grapefruits, fresh as can be spinach (my fave!), broccoli, shallots (gonna be awesome with some potatoes), and honey, AND bee pollen. Bee pollen taken regularly makes you immune to allergies! Oh and it tastes great in hot tea as well. Like I said this market is a bit on the small side, so I would say ditch the babies and kiddies at home and bring adults only. The space is too small to have children or strollers. The prices are pricey, of course, but honestly if you're going to a farmer's market in the middle of the desert and complaining about pricing, just go to Albertson's or Wal Mart for your produce.I plan on going back for sure. The Intuitive Forager (they sell produce at the market) has an email they send out updating as to when the next market will be AND what they will be selling. Very helpful! I suggest signing up for their newsletter if you're in the market for fresh, interesting produce.
3	I went the Thursday after Christmas at 10am. Intuitive Forager took over 1/3 of the space.  Other vendors included Colorado River Coffee Roasters, Quail Hollow Farm selling eggs and other produce, Oak Lane Herb Farm also selling eggs and produce, and other vendors selling nuts, random produce, fresh pasta, and crafts.  I did not see Bon Breads or cheese or truffles.  It's all in a room in one of the southwest buildings in the Springs Preserve.  Maybe some of the vendors were on vacation, but the room was pretty full.  Would have been so much nicer outside.I wasn't clear that Intuitive Forager had the whole back wall and side wall, so I couldn't figure out where to pay.  I thought they were separate vendors.  I asked one man behind the table of produce where to go and he said he didn't know because he was a volunteer.  Who the hell volunteers at a farmer's market?  Is this not a commercial enterprise?  Much better things to volunteer your time for, I think.I got 6 blood oranges, 20 brussel sprouts, and 2 avocados for $20.  A dozen eggs cost another $6.  So it ain't cheap.  If you are used to farmer's markets in California, or any other state for that matter, you will not like this.  None of the farmer's markets here stack up to any farmer's market I've been to in California.  Plus, the hours are insanely limited - 10am-1pm on a Thursday!?! It's ok, and probably the best we are going to get.  I don't think I will ever make it back because I have to work.
5	I have been to this market three times since it moved to the Springs Preserve and I am so happy to see the enormous variety they have available.  The market is set up indoors, so don't worry about the weather.  About half of the market is filled with tables by the Intuitive Forager, Kerry Clasby, who spends much of her week visiting farms and searching out unique produce for some of the restaurants on the Strip.  They bring the deliveries in on Thursdays and buy a little extra to offer at this market.  The other tables are somewhat local: organic eggs, pistachios grown in Pahrump, herbs, local honey and gourmet vinegars.  Since I work at one of the restaurants that Kerry supplies, I am so happy to be able to buy some of the same things for my home cooking.  For too many years I have lamented when I get such flavorful produce at work, then can't find a decent orange or tomato at the local stores for myself.Right now their Satsuma Tangerines are among the best I have EVER tasted.  I am also deeply in love with their Bacon Avocados.  I can only guess this variety of avocado got its name because it is so darn fatty and buttery tasting.  The bonus is that it doesn't oxidize quickly, so you can eat half one day and the rest won't be all brown the next.Yes, I am a food geek and get very excited about trying new things.  They have finger limes (aka: caviar limes) that open to reveal pulp that looks exactly like caviar but pops with tart lime juice.  There are sunchokes, purple carrots, blood oranges, berries that are surprisingly good for January and an apple called Hidden Rose that looks pale on the outside, but hides a deep red interior.The people there are very friendly and enthusiastic about their food.  Some of the prices are a little high, since many of the items are quite unique, but I love supporting the local farmers and the quality is worth it.  Check out my photos of the beautiful fruit!
5	The Freethinkers secular Unschooled group meets here on Thursdays.  We would be the hipster/eclectic parents of school age children.  They would be the children asking questions, engaging adults, and defying authority. You can find us playing chess in the gallery, exploring space, and noshing on seasonal produce!
5	Yes, this is, indeed, the best market in the city.  The only way you could do better is to go to a farm stand at a farm and/or pick your own.  This is like the convention of the best and most well known and most local farmers there are in the area.  In supplement, some of the best stuff is brought in from California  So take your pick: super local direct from your farmers, or semi-local but exotic and fresh and brought to you with love and care by Kerry.
5	I've been in the desert for 31 years and it is great to finally have a real farmers market.  Support it, and in doing so you'll be enriching yourself and the community.Yup, sometimes it's a little more expensive...but it's always more fresh, more favorful and healthier...and you should look at any extra expense (which generally amounts to very little) as tuition for the learning experience and the experience as a whole.  I think I know a lot about food, but I always...always...learn something new at the market.  There's always an interesting new ingredient to consider, and the people are waaaay more knowledgable about food, both growing and preparing, than are the average chain store employees.The other imporant factor is sociability.  There's a definitely good vibe at the market...the kind that's missing in the chain stores where the goal is generally to get what you need, deal with the crabby produce guy and zombie-like checkout clerk, neither of whom have any real interest in what they're selling, much less any knowledge about it.  (Ask you chain store produce guy about purslane.  If he knows anything at all about it, it's probably not more than the schedule of when it's delivered.Ask at the market and you'll get a lesson about the omega-3 oils, benefits, and serving suggestions.Of course, all of this occurs becasue Kerry, the woman who runs it, and all the people staffing the market are growers or restaurant people who love what they're doing.
5	When my wife Cory first discovered the 'Bet on the Farm" Famers' Market it was nearly two years ago, in fact probably longer. It was held in a warehouse doen by Dean Martin and Eldorado. I went there, and was happily impressed the very first time by the variety and quality of the produce being offered (as well as honey, bread, pasta, and more). As I went there, the friendliness of the people working there, combined with their knowledge was unprecedented to me. It became something  I often said made Vegas so awesome to live in. And then it closed!!! Happily Doug got it open again, and I have to say that it because of this market that I have found so many great restaurants _where you can trust the ingredients_ because you know where they come from and how good they are. Otto, B&B, Carnevino, DW Bistro, Sage, to name a few, are my go to places in Las Vegas now, and I recommend them all the time _because I found them through this market_.Go here, you will be happy you did.
4	This one is tough to review. First of all, the cons:* It's small (one meeting room at the Springs Preserve, filled up by ~4 produce vendors, 1 for eggs, 1 for honey, 1 for hummus/dips, 1 for crafts, and 1 for coffee - best I can remember).* It's expensive (I paid $5 for 3 peaches, $8 for a small bear of honey, and $5 for 2 corn on the cob and 6 grapefruit).* The hours (3 hours on a Thursday midday. Last week was my first as a stay at home Mom, which is why this week was my first time attending this market in all its years of existence).However, the pros:* There aren't very many farmers markets in Vegas, so I applaud each one.* The location - I'm not sure if this is how you're supposed to do it, but if you go to the market, you can walk around the Springs Preserve for free, which is a beautiful area.* The local-ness. At the other markets in town (Fresh52 & Henderson), there is no local produce. Seriously, local means Bakersfield or Fresno at those places. Bet on the Farm, however, actually had one stand from Overton (pretty close) and one from Las Vegas proper! Of course those vendors didn't have the selection of the CA vendors (i.e., no fruit), but hey, they're there and they're peddling their wares, so I appreciate that. Also, the honey was made in Pahrump, and I've had a difficult time getting local honey in LV.Overall, yes, it's true that in the LA area, you'd probably give this place 2 stars, but this is not LA. For Vegas, this is definitely a 4-star market, and I'm still waiting for the day that we have a true 5-star market!Note: parking gets crowded fast so get there early!Note 2: cash only!
4	this market has moved eons ago.  it is now on fridays, 9 a.m. to 3 p.m. downtown vegas near the mob museum on stewart street.  fyi.
