4	When I feel like taking a break from gambling and the Vegas scene it's nice to just watch a RedBox video, grab a Big Gulp, and other goodies and kickback, relax, and enjoy the comforts of a high end hotel in Vegas that provides a DVD player.  One of my favorite RedBox locations is this 7-Eleven.  The people are nice and the RedBox machine always has the latest videos here.
3	This one is a gas station. A great place to fill up your gas tank and pick up some snacks or drinks. Prices aren't the greatest but hey great name recognition and they have a large selection. The cashier is your usual 7-11 cashier, don't expect him to be friendly or even shoot the breeze with you.
3	Since it's a gas station, there really isn't any service involved, more of a "get-in and get-out." I come here for gas before leaving for a trip or just to get gas in general. The cashiers are always nice, they're usually fully stocked and have what I need late at night. The Redbox does get full sometimes, but it's almost always updated and stocked with all the DVDs I'm looking for.
5	I stop here almost every night on my way home from work for something whether it be water or chips.....Its always random and they always have it....for being on such a busy street its super easy to get in and out of....the staff is awesome and sometimes theres some creepers outside and the one guy that works behind the counter always makes sure i get to my car safe.....its cute !!!
2	Decent priced gas in Chinatown area. They do not have the cash and credit pricing which is a plus.Did not go into the actual store. Only got gas.
2	This location is creepy. There is an abandoned bank next to it, and a bunch of homeless live there. They are always loitering about in front of the store or at the gas pumps just begging for money. It's really quite annoying and kinda scary at night. The inside of the store is grungy. The cashier that works nights is always on her damn cell phone its like glued to her head. Today she was talking to someone about doing her laundry. Wtf. Honestly it is so unprofessional to be on the phone while helping customers, let alone your fucking cell. It seems that this location gets pretty busy as it is one of only 2 gas stations heading East on spring mtn.
