2	Large, well run and stocked Indian grocery store. Part of a plaza that includes a restaurant, beauty salon and chaat cafe. Also has gifts and clothing. That said, every time I've been there, I've been a bit disappointed. I get groceries but that's it. First run Bollywood movies - mostly for rent, not sale. And mostly out. You can buy original older ones (sometimes new) but in any case they're all expensive. No meat either. I wish there was one place that had everything together but until then I go all over ...
4	I'm commenting on the beauty parlor here.As someone who breaks out from the wax they use on my eyebrows, I love threading. If you can take the (slight) pain, go to India Plaza to get your eyebrows done. It's about $8.45 with tax, takes about 10 minutes, and you leave happy. They're open on weekends and it seems they might even be open pretty late. Definitely going to make this my regular eyebrow place.
4	full disclosure:me - not indian. so don't really look at me as a trusted source for all things indian. sure, i have tons of indian friends who have been kind enough to cook for me and to initiate me into the 'we love bollywood movies' fan club, but i definitely am no expert. so with that said, take this review for what it is: an observation from someone who misses all the indian goodness she left behind in LAalright, so india plaza. first off, love the name. its right to the point. im definitely not going here looking for vietnamese food. i visited the shop next to the dhaba restaurant and was pleased to meet (what i think was) the owner. really friendly guy who was more than happy to show us around and to help us find some items. the store was clean and smelled delicious. it was stocked with all sorts of goodies. as someone who doesn't yet know how to make roti from scratch, i was pleased to see some frozen roti in the freezer section. happy aly.i could literally spend a whole hour in here looking at all the various goodies and strange packaging. it definitely did remind me of the larger indian grocery stores back in cypress and whittier.all in all i think this place is going to be great for me. i'll be able to experiment with different types of curry and maybe one day be brave enough to make my roti. now where did i put my chai masala?
4	This is a review for the threading service in the beauty salon.I am in Phoenix visiting family, and I am used to getting my eyebrows threaded for $6 in Orange County. This is the cheapest place I was able to find ($8 +tax), and Goldie did an EXCELLENT job. She was quick but very thorough, and didn't rush. She threaded, trimmed, and plucked my eyebrows into submission, and she even cleaned up my forehead for no extra charge.The chair was also the comfiest I have seen for threading, as it was like a reverse massage table with a hole for your head, but you were still sitting in a reclined position. I'm giving 4 stars instead of 5 because while said chair was probably clean, it looked dirty, and there wasn't much information on display for services and pricing. No big deal, though.
5	I had one eyebrow. It was a unibrow. I walked into the salon and asked Goldie for threading. She was great. I now have two attractive manicured eyebrows. My intro to threading was a great one. I'l be back for sure.
5	This is one of my favorite places to eat - if not my favorite. The food is delicious and filling, but never does it make me feel gross and guilty for going out to eat. They have fabulous lunch specials that include a salad, an entree with rice, homemade naan, and a drink. Their chai tea is amazing! Forget overly syruped tea bag water; they make this from scratch - and it is incredible. You can add sugar, but I find it is the perfect end to a meal just as it is.The grocery store next door is fascinating; I had no idea so many different Indian spices existed! The man I always see there (the owner?) is always kind and helpful, and quick to offer cooking tips. When I was there today I saw advertised a 5-week cooking class exploring Indian cuisine and how to build up the spices and other kitchen goodies to make it...I'm truly upset I will be out of town for half of it :( I also hear that they are about to start a yoga program next door - very cool!If you have never been here, YOU ARE MISSING OUT! This is one of Tempe's few hidden treasures :-)
5	The woman here does a great job shaping my eyebrows. My eyebrows are a battlefield and she is my warrior. Be sure to describe what you want or she will shape them on the thin side (unless you like that). Also, very inexpensive. Don't expect a spa-like atmosphere, but try and refrain yourself from shaking your booty to the Indian dance music.
5	Being from LA always had my favorite threader she was from India and she did it amazing . So this weekend when we went to Phoenix i told my sister we needed to find a threader she suggested the mall i was adamant i wanted an Indian threader so we came across this Indan Plaza on Yelp and saw the good comments went in and wow...amazing she was super fast. but apart from that  it was an excellent threading experience. the pain was minimal and the ending product...well LOOOVED IT!!  i will definatly drive from northern az to Tempe for this lady. :) as for the market awsome stuff got me some hot curry powder and spices and came home with some interesting Indain squash...the attendant was helpful and gave us suggestions on how to use it and how it tasted. so summed up it was an amazing experience.
4	If you're looking for unique Indian foods and sweets, the little market here is a good option. There are rows of condiments, spice pastes, various dried spices, various Indian grains, pulses, and flours, a frozen section, canned goods, prepackaged microwavable meals, and fresh produce. There is also a lot of various refrigerated drinks to choose from. They offer a small selection of more pedestrian items (Such as canola oil, soy sauce), for those that need some basic, more common supplies.The owners are very friendly, and the selection of sweets at the counter looks delicious. Prices seem to be about average with what you'd find for similar items at the larger Asian grocery stores.
1	To start with, this may not be applicable to guys from North India as when we share different tastes. We went there today, were happy to find the basic stuffs that we needed. Thats it. Full stop.1. Kerala rice : expiry 02/2014. Now who would buy 10 lbs of rice due to expire in a month. When I asked about this the guy in the store said, rice does not have expiry date. Well, sort of true, but if the processing of rice was not done 100% accurately, it would go stale.2. Kerala Masalas : expires Jan/2014. Again dumb explanation, masalas don't expire. Dear sir, if the masala is nearing the expiry date, that means the thing was prepared about 2-3 years back. Try grinding some pepper, and keep it in a jar for for 3 years and please don't tell me that it wont loose any flavour.3. Saw couple of expired food items as well. 4. Near the check out counter, there is an array of chocolates with sign saying imported from UK. Well, more than handful of them expired in like Nov/2013.And another weird explanation from the store guy that the FDA holds stuff for so long. Violations are one thing, but being happy about it? Well, not going back in a life time.
5	They have some variety of stock that you may miss from India in Navratri Festival . I went there to collect Saindha Salt and Swang ke Chawal which I didn't find in other stores in Tempe , Arizona. The owner Mahesh Arora uncle is very good and courteous. 5 stars for good service and stuff I needed.
5	Great place, they care about their customers. Help with everything and they literally have everything you would want.Sweetest owners. Always helps me choose out presents for formal events.
