2	Cottage Express is almost completely unremarkable, as they are one of many fast-food Chinese restaurants in strip malls in a city that has dozens, if not hundreds of them.  They do stand out in a few respects, and unfortunately food is not one of them.  At least not in a good way.The first thing that I noticed is that their banner proclaims that this is the fifth location for this enterprise in the Charlotte area.  Yet strangely I have never noticed another, not even as I attempted to find one online while I was creating this review (note: I did eventually find one place up near El Taco Veloz with a similar name).  Perhaps a marketing tactic, or maybe they are just using another name for this new store.  Whatever the case, it is still odd that not a single other location turns up.  Anywhere.Next up is the staff.  Generally these small, dimly-lit quick-serve locations are staffed by individuals who do not speak particularly good English, yet are generally regarded as being at best one generation removed from (whatever country they have decided to represent via their food).  Not here.  This staff is instead a couple of teenage girls who are not only definitely American, they let you know at every turn they are interested in only your money, and the food is well down their list of priorities.Finally, instead of being served something that comes up rather quickly by a quick turn in one massive wok, you get to choose from a steam table.  Not quite a buffet, because you do not get to go back for seconds - and the food on the table does not appear to have been refreshed any time in the last few hours, or perhaps days.
4	Cottage Express is quick, delicious, and has large portions. Best take out Chinese in Hickory Grove!
5	I Have no issues with this place , the food is great , the people are nice and the delivery is fast and courteous. I order food from twice a month or more for 6 months and no complaints, The portions are satisfying and tasty as well as hot when they arrive. You must try the Chinese doughnuts , ooooh! Fantastic balls of goodness that melt in your mouth."Stay Awesome Gotham!"  Anna Akana's slogan on YouTube.
