5	Modern.  Beautiful.  Amazing.Went to Montreal for Labor Day weekend with my boyfriend and another couple.  Having looked at a lot of places on-line, and after reading reviews of all of them, settled on this hotel - the reviews, which you can find on booking.com are spot on.The hotel is not really finished yet - there are a ton of little punch-list items that need to be finished (ie. patches on the walls that were spackled but not yet painted,etc.), but overall, the experience was great.We were upgraded from an 800 SF loft to a 1,200 SF loft with two king sized (delicious) beds.  One was behind french doors, while the other was behind curtains.  There was an enormous living room / dining room / kitchen space with a fully equipped kitchen (although the dishes / glasses were a bit mix and match in order to have 4 of everything).The hotel's reception rooms are gorgeous - the general manager and owner were nice enough to take me on a tour of the hotel, where they showed me the reception rooms along with a bunch of the other hotel rooms.  It seems the concept will be that everything is for sale - so if you like the furniture or art in your room, you can just order it.I loved this hotel, especially for the price and would highly recommend it, with the caveat that it's not a 5-star experience.  The staff are incredible, the rooms great, there are just little nit-picky things that need to be taken care of.  All-in-all, it was a great experience and I would love to go back.
1	Looks to have all the right ingredients for a cool boutique but hasn't got it together yet. We arrived late evening after a delayed flight and 2 hour immigration line to be told that we had been booked into another hotel due to "a water infiltration" and given the cab fare to get there. That would have been fine if the new hotel was remotely equivalent but it was a depressing 70s era concrete specimen right on the highway. We returned to Loft Hotel who helped us book a nicer hotel but took no responsibility for the higher price required for a last minute reservation elsewhere. 4 hours and 5 cab rides later we got settled into a new hotel which I can recommend - L'Hotel in Old Montreal which is full of great artwork and helpful staff.
3	The room was beautiful and incredibly spacious, and we kept joking that we could definitely live in this hotel room. After which we would list numerous small modifications that needed to be made. Nothing about the place was bad, but there are quite a few quirks that need improvement, such as a lack of sufficient towels and a front desk staff undone by the request for more. Also, the bathroom was not quite clean, with hair and dust on the edge of the shower at our arrival. It's a really neat space, but be forewarned that space is difficult for anyone from Montreal, and visitors, to find, and it's not the polished experience you might find at a more established hotel.
5	Great, one of the biggest rooms I have ever stayed in. The customer service was attentive and non invasive.
4	This is easily the most unique hotel I've ever had the pleasure of visiting. We visited in November 2011 just as Loft was getting off the ground and had an incredible time. We were actually in town for a party hosted by a client also at Loft so had the opportunity to spend time in all the amazing meeting areas as well. Such beautiful spaces, if I was a local looking for a wedding venue, this would be my front runner. The rooftop lounge area is stunning, loved the open feel of the rooms, every part of the hotel has such a fine attention to detail - I really can't say enough good things about this place. Also enjoyed the complimentary continental breakfast and found the service to be friendly and efficient. Can't wait to come back!!
1	Found a long curly hair on the motel 6 quality bath towels. The floor must not have been vacuumed, because there was hair all over the loft. The sheets don't fit the bed (there is no fitted sheet), so it can't be properly made. The kitchen chandelier doesn't work. The curtains have stains on them and they don't close all the way. This place has the illusion of a nice loft, but it fails to deliver on close inspection. Definitely NOT worth the price. Stay elsewhere.
1	The worst hotel experience of my life!My boyfriend and i travel a lot due to his line of work, and honestly this is the worst experience we have ever had. We were in town with many other hotels guests (including the bride/groom) for a wedding and all stayed here. Our original room was located in the basement, which was very hard to find, scary, and felt like a dungeon. The room itself had minimal lighting and a damp basement odor. I was very uncomfortable and we could hear noises throughout the room, we notified the front desk of our dissatisfaction with the room and were told we could switch rooms in the morning. My bf ended up getting into an arguement with the staff that next morning as they denied the room switch when he went to get our new keys. After much back and forth they finally agreed to switch our room to one that was not in the basement, but this room had it's own set of issues. The rooms are very big and nicely decorated but that is about all the you get with you stay here. The hotel staff was extremely rude, our new room had broken lightbulbs which they did not fix. Our other friends room did not have a working AC /Heat, the kitchen area of the room is missing basic kitchenware, the dishwasher comes with no dishsoap, and there is no extra toilet paper/towels/blanket/pillow. Every time you use the shower you have to walk to the front desk to get another towel. This hotel is fairly expensive nightly so we thought some accommodations would be able to be made, especially for a group of our size there for such a special occasion, but everyone was very hard to deal with. We realized the bride and groom were also dissatisfied as their suite did not even have closet space for the brides dress or anything else. Another couple also had to be moved due to their room condition as well.  The housekeeping is sporatic, one day they came and one day they did not. When asked for them to come clean on the day they missed we were told they went home for the day and it was just the afternoon. It was overall a really horrible experience. All guests that were in town for this wedding that stayed at this hotel had issues, including the bride/groom, it was not just us. We would never recommend this hotel to anyone and ALL left saying how bad of an experience we had and how unhelpful the staff was. Never again!
2	Totally obsessed with check-in and out time. Very rude and poor customer service. We came to Montreal for two nights to celebrate a wedding. After a 6 hour drive from Toronto we arrived at 1pm. Check in is at 3pm exactly and no later. Girl at desk sharply said the room was in fact ready, but it's their policy to not allow any checkin until 3pm. So we had to wait for no apparent reason. I've never heard of such a strict policy in my life. 3pm hit and everyone was checking in at the same time. Huge line. 1 person at the desk. So stupid. Then 30 min before check out (11am) I get a phone call from the front desk. All she said was 'remember your check out is in 30 minutes" - no how was your stay? No good morning sir, just a friendly reminder. Awful customer service. Room was huge but had poor lighting, a dirty floor, no shampoo, and lots of little things were off. Example, nowhere to plug a device in by the bed, nowhere to hang clothes, 1 garbage for bathroom and living area, no iron..etc..etc..All in all, STAY SOMEWHERE ELSE!!!!!!!I would have been happier at a super 8 motel. The Loft hotel needs to learn their manners and change some stupid policies. Honestly, one of the worst hotel experiences of my life. And I stay in a lot of hotels.
2	The Place is Beautiful,the rooms are Nice.BUT the Service is Like 1 Star Hotel.From the A/c in the  Room,you Can't put it under 20c bec will Leak,to the Room service you Call Them they come after 30 min no kidding,To the Elevator it doen't work all the time,to the Internet in the rooms is like  you Have internet Coming form Japan u waiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiT for the Connections.I'm really Sorry But it's not worth $ 50/Night.
5	I booked the urbaine loft room expecting a smaller room, but when I walked in....OMG it was awesome! The room was literally 750 or 800 sq ft. It was great to have a microwave and full size fridge, along with the king bed (which was comfy) and windows along one side of the walls top to bottom. There weren't any screens on the windows, so watch out for that!Once we found the hotel (it was a bit tricky since its located down a small obscure street), checking in was easy and the staff were super helpful. I checked in at 6pm with no issues. Due to a raging hangover, I called the front desk in the morning for a later check out and they allowed it with no problems too :) The hotel indoor  parking ($20 a night) was located around the back side of the building. The parking attendant only worked til 5pm, so there's not really any in/out privileges, but Montreal is a great walkable city with a metro system that can get you anywhere.Continental Breakfast is included- I didn't get a chance to try it out, but its good to know it was available.If you're a neat freak like me its worthy to note that  the room was really clean... believe me I checked (I'm that crazy person that rips apart the bed and inspects the sheets, towels, etc. before I take my jacket off or unpack). This is an older building, so you have to check out the old freight elevator, I found it pretty cool.
