5	Edinburgh Zoo has everything you want/need in a zoo. It is a fantastic day out (providing the weather cooperates) and will definitely keep you entertained for the day. Its slap bang in the middle of Corstorphine, about 15 minutes from the city centre. Jump on the 26 bus and it stops right outside. I have fond memories of coming here on school trips when I was a kid, and now I am an even bigger kid I still like an excuse to go. One of the highlights of the zoo is the Penguin Parade, which usually happens around 1 o'clock. It does what it says on the tin, the penguins come out of the enclosure for a march around the perimeter. Its entertaining and it is humorous to see animals misbehave as there is always at least one trying to escape!  There is plenty more to see. The Budongo Trail is a fairly new enclosure for the chimps which has viewing areas in every possible position so you don't miss a thing. There is an outdoor section with ropes and platforms where the chimps play with each other, I could sit for hours watching them. Its a really interesting enclosure and is a step up from your standard cage.The selection of animals is like you would find in any zoo: from Lions to Porcupines and Zebras to Sea Lions. Note that the Polar Bear was moved up to Aviemore last year after 25 years at the zoo. There is plenty of little food stalls and cafes selling ice creams, snacks, tea, coffee etc but these places are usually pretty overpriced. I recommend bringing a picnic and eating in one of the many picnic areas- again if the weather cooperates. On the way out, the gift shop is bound to catch your eye and your pennies. Its well worth the visit.
4	The Edinburgh Zoo is easy to get to by bus (the Lothian Buses 12 The Jewel, 26 Tranent-Clerwood ,31Polton-East Crags,48 Ingliston Park and Ride and 100 Airlink leave from the centre quite frequently). Avoid on weekends because it's crowded by families and  screaming children so everywhere is packed and there are large ques. They also bang on the animal cages to "make them do something." I hate that. And I think the animals do too.I came here for my course and truly enjoyed this sunny outing, even though I haven't really decided if I am a fan of zoos or not. Edinburgh zoo boasts a huge selection of species. It has a lot of penguins , including a knighted penguin of Norway (a King penguin named Sir Nil Olav who was awarded an honorary colonel-in-chief of the Kings Guard in the Norwegian army, and was knighted in 2008- its true there's even a statue of him!). I still don't know why they did this but the video of him being knighted and walking down a red carpet is hilarious. Speaking of walking ,some penguins go for a walk at particular times of the day(check their website for more details!). Feeding time is also quite amusing to watch. All in all the penguins seem very happy.Not so much their lonely polar but I read yesterday that there are plans for cheering him up by finding him a girl bear friend. Yay!Amongst the many animals you can see here (from koalas to large cats to reptiles and bats) I would suggest reading up a bit about one particular resident: the honey badger- Personally I am absolutely fascinated by this tough creature- one of the toughest in the world who sadly gets overshadowed in the zoo by his pretty cat neighbour. Also, make sure you check out the new Budongo Trail, which hosts a variety of our closest relatives, the primates, and is an educational experience for all ages.So as for a conclusion regarding zoos, I have yet to come to one. Edinburgh zoo does seem to be making the effort though to keep its standards high and its residents as happy as possible, and it definitely is a fun outing to make.
4	Ok, Ok - I admit, the first time I came to Edinburgh Zoo was only a few months ago, so no stories of fond childhood memories and school trips for me. Just a 20 year old reviewing a zoo.Firstly, let me suggest that you come here on a nice day - about five minutes after we arrived the heavens opened and then promptly closed again as we left. Typical - but, it genuinly didnt ruin our enjoyment of the zoo - because its really really great.There is a huge amount of animals spread out over an even larger area of land (most of it up a hill) and for those of you who get concerned about this sort of stuff - all the animals look happy and content with thier surroundings, and generally dont even give a second glance to the vast amounts of people who stare at them on a daily basis.Highlights include the african Jaguar (not the car), the beautiful Mercedes the Polar Bear (again, not a car) and the penguin parade (definatly not a car). Costs for getting into the zoo may seem a little steep, but some of that money goes to the up keep of these animals, so its worth it a million times over. All the animals here are amazing, and the zoo provides excellent educational resources, which were a treat as they really focussed on the conservation of these rare animals in the wild - something which I felt rather emotional about.Overall, a great day - really, but get a nice dry day to do it in.
5	Visited the zoo with an army of my friends for a fun packed day out. It was as fan flippin' tastic as usual!Considering about 30 of us flooded through the doors the staff were patient as always and got us sorted out in no time, with minimal fuss. Visited all my usual haunts - Budongo trail, big cats, koalas, and of course a few of the penguins came out for the parade today.Did one thing different, however - went up to the top for Animal Antics, which was very well choreographewd by the zoo keepers. The guy who was running the workshop was very chatty, all the way handling a wee armadillo and preventing his owl from flying away.Zoos can be very sad indeed but Edinburgh is very interactive and you can tell they take care of their animals. They seem to love them all and be very familiar with each of their needs. It's always very well signposted for information, so you can swat up on your animal facts. They are always great at keeping you up to date with their conservation projects.Next time I'll need to visit rainbow landings - with assistance you can feed the beautiful tropical birds!
4	I absolutely love wild, dangerous animals, so you would think that I'd love the zoo. Unfortunately though, if I wanted to see a lion, I'd want to see him in the Serengeti, tearing a zebra to shreds. I don't want to see him sitting bored out his mind in a cramped pen, wondering why all these big bald apes are staring at him like a freakshow.I understand that Edinburgh Zoo is quite well renowned for it's conservation work and contributions to zoological science, but it's still very sad to see such majestic beasts in this situation.The zoo was however inadvertently responsible for one of the most touching news stories I've seen in recent times concerning their polar bear Mercedes, who was recently moved up north to the Highland Wildlife Park for her retirement. She hadn't seen proper snow for 25 years, until last winter when about two feet's worth fell on her new home. Seeing the news pictures of her rolling about in it and generally having a fantastic time brought a tear to my eye, as it did to most of the staff at the park.If only I could show such compassion to actual humans, instead of my usual unflinching contempt.
4	I expected to wander round Edinburgh Zoo with the same cheery, jovial attitude I applied to such attractions as a child. For the most part, the Zoo unearthed these qualities but staring through the glass cages at these poor isolated beasts was now slightly unnerving as an adult.Nonetheless, hilarious penguins, intimidating lions, some mischievous monkeys amidst many other attractions ensured a good day was had by all.Bring your own lunch though; the on-sight cafe is utter crap.
4	I guess I'm going to title my reviews "From Pittsburgh to Edinburgh".  I'm doing this review in our hotel's business center after a heavy morning of touring Edinburgh.  I visited this zoo on July 2nd.  I was recuperating after an overnight flight from Pittsburgh.  International flying takes a toll on my body, so while my husband was out sightseeing on his own, I took a day of rest & relaxation.  I felt better by the afternoon and strolled over to the zoo.  It's just down the block from our hotel.I'd rate this zoo somewhere between 3.5 and 4 stars.  The thing to remember about this zoo is it's built on several levels.  If you use a wheelchair or a rascal (motorized scooter) or you're not a good walker, you may have trouble navigating around here.  The map http://www.edinburghzoo.org.uk/export/sites/default/common/documents/maps-and-guides/W_chair_Zoo_map.pdf shows the many steep slopes and stairs here.  So since I've visited many zoos before (the National Zoo in Washington, DC; Chicago's Brookfield Zoo and Lincoln Park Zoo, Pittsburgh's Zoo, etc), what makes this one so different?  Well for one thing, this zoo has a lot of educational talks and presentations.  I arrived in time for the Penguin Parade and Talk and I also went to the Indian Rhinos talk.  Yeah, I know it's a cliche, but penguins are funny little birds and it was hilarious watching them parade down the sidewalk.  Some of the other attractions include the Budongo Trail, an interactive chimpanzee enclosure, and the only koalas in the United Kingdom.  I think my two favorites however are the Animal Antics show and the Rainbow Landings where I got the chance interact with the rainbow lorikeet birds.The zoo was a perfect low key way to recuperate from jetlag. Based on what Sam C. says, I'm glad I ate lunch at the hotel.  Just be sure to wear your walking shoes (you really don't want to be in flip-flops here!) and comfortable clothes.  And be prepared to do a lot of hill and stair climbing!
3	This is a slightly difficult review to write, because as enjoyable as it is seeing over 1,000 different species in the one, admittedly large space, it always plays on my mind that it is captivity, even if the animals are amazingly well looked after and not cruelly treated.However, on the other hand, a zoo this size, with such an array of wildlife, has huge educational value for anyone visiting it, and in turn teaches people the importance of conserving every different type of species. If people can't come to a space like this and observe how amazing and impressive nature can be, and how crucial it is to look after the natural world, then that could mean less awareness, and more disregard towards the plight of endangered animals.With the serious part over, if you are visiting the zoo, there is a lot to see, so give yourself a good part of the day to survey everything. The zoo is the largest in Scotland, and set out over acres of parkland in the Corstorphine area. There's obviously tons of awesome species to have a peek at, but I adore the wee fairy penguins the most, plus you can't beat looking up at a giraffe, and wondering how long it took, in an evolutionary sense, for their necks to become that long.
4	How could anyone review the attractions of Edinburgh and not talk about the Zoo. This place was my day out of choice when I was a kid. And I have some of my oldest memories here, running about daft with my dad chasing after me, and trying ever so hard not to join in with the Penguin parade. The Zoo has a special place in everyone's heart that visited here as a kid.So now when you go back as an adult, not much has changed, except the price! Expect to pay through the nose for a day out here with the family. I was always a huge Hippopotamus fan when I was young, or as I used to call them, 'Hippomapotamus'.  And the monkeys are always a winner. With the icing on the cake being, of course, the Penguin parade. Make sure you get to see this spectacle and the kids will undoubtedly love it. Go during the spring/summer and you will get to see the baby Penguins finding their feet as they get their daily wander around the Zoo. Excellent.
1	One of the times i visited was when poor Mercedes the polar bear was still here and that poor old soul was one of the most miserable looking bored creatures I have ever seen.They are particuarly bad for breeding animals to work as a vistor draw and then culling them. google red river pigs edinburgh to find out more on that one.Only this year it is working on getting the giant pandas in to be a real money spinner yet at the same time it has been threatened with the removal of its operating licence after inspectors found it had failed to address a series of animal welfare and safety failings that date back at least five years.At the same time it is spending a fortune on pandas:  the big cat enclosure is in a terrible state of disrepair; the sea lion enclosure has several animals were suffering from eye infections; and the main food store was infested withvermin.In additon to that just what you need when bringing in the worlds rarest bears with tricky needs - problems with the zoo's veterinary hospital.All of the above inspection findings are fully verifiable via freedom of information documents and other publications.
2	Frankly, I was irritated before we even got in.We booked online, thinking we'd be able to see when there was an opportunity to see the pandas and plan our trip for whatever day they had availability.  Strangely for the first-choice day it appeared not to be necessary to book a time slot, so we bought tickets.  The website happily takes your money.  But  at the drop down list to "select your panda entry time" it appears that "general admission" does not mean "general admission to see the pandas".  In fact it means "sorry, all slots are taken". Obviously.To make matters worse the supervisor / manager got arsy with us for asking why the website didn't offer the option to book a time slot, and when we could go.I would have quite happily have enjoyed the zoo with or without pandas, but as it was I spent the whole day feeling conned by a cr***y website.  That aside, the zoo's fine I guess.  Good exercise walking up the hills, but lacking the wow factor that really great zoos have.And while I'm ranting, the restaurants were laid out by people who have never eaten there - the layout is awful.
3	A well maintained, mid-sized zoo.A taxi ride here from the city center came to about a reasonable 13 pounds.The entire property is built on a hillside. Be prepared for a workout.Penguin pit was down for renovations on my visit.But the pandas were fun to watch - they just ate and fell over all the time (see pictures)
5	I and family greatly enjoyed my experience at this zoo. The size, the location, the information, and the variety of animals was perfect. I have been to some zoos in North of Europe, and they mostly had forest mammals. Here I have seen for the first time Pandas, Rhinos, Hippos, Penguins, Lions, some wild cats, and other fauna that I am forgetting now. I was very impressed with the insect/amphibian room. Wish that there were more insects to adore. The praying mantis, deadly frog (in cyan and black) the leaf cutter ants and the beetles were astonishing to watch and photograph.The distance to travel around the zoo was not bad (esp. for kids) and the next site is more or less within the next 5-10mins of walk.I would suggest more snack/drink vending machines, or else bring your own food. We spent a whole day and we have seen about 80% of the zoo. I remember the monkeys and chimpanzees were also impressive. (I think it was here that I first saw a chimpanzee and if you have a good observing eye, you can't deny that humans have a lot in common with them. There's also a learning centre and souveneir shop packed with sort of things and animal themes. We bought two Panda T-shirts for our childen which they love so much.Well, we enjoyed it
3	I first noticed the Edinburgh Zoo' s location was on the bus route that took me from the airport to Waverly Bridge. After I had checked into my accommodations and deposited my luggage and grabbed something to eat, I took the bus back out to the zoo to visit some animals. The zoo is built on a hill so it was a bit of a workout that afternoon on an overcast and partly rainy day. I came too late to catch or plan any zoo talks and many of the habitats were under construction. I did manage to catch a glimpse of lions, leopards, jaguars, margays, lemurs, penguins, wallabies, and some other animals I don't remember because I started feeling the jet lag so I went to the coffee house at the zoo but found it was closed. Unfortunately, I didn't have enough energy to see any other animals that day and a few months later, the Giant Pandas arrived, too late for me to see them in my week in Scotland. However, a return trip to Edinburgh is in the works and I hope the construction will be done by the time I get there next. Overall, any zoo visit is usually a good experience and I hope this will be a better one my next visit..
2	It's built on a 45 degree angle.  The whole thing is a climb upwards.  The map does not help very much.  The paths drawn on the map are more like general directions, rather than accurate representations of real paths.  What you will find is that each path splits up into smaller paths, that wind and turn so you get completely lost.  What's worse, is that the winding paths go up and down the 45 degree angle hill.  So you can't avoid going up and down the hill, often.  It hurts.There is a Safari tour that takes you up the mountain.  As you go further, up the hill, the 45 degree angle increases to about 60-70 degree's.  Everyone we passed on the way up the hill looked at us with complete jealousy, because the safari ride isn't advertised very well.  Nor is it explained at the beginning, that everything that you want to see, is literally miles away from the entrance, up a steep winding path hill.The Safari trip was informative, but short lived.  They drop you off at the top and ask for money.  On the walk down, the path is winding, so you actually end up walking back up hill every now and then.  You can't avoid the hill.  Be prepared to lose weight when you go.  It hurts.We booked to see the Panda's, but do some reading up on Panda's.  We only found out when we got there, that they sleep 16 hours a day.  We waited in a queue to go in and see a youtube video of the Panda, because it was sleeping away somewhere in a dark corner.
4	We had a great time at the Edinburgh Zoo this past weekend.  The zoo is large -  it has some of the largest exhibits I've ever seen.  The zebra exhibit was truly remarkable.  I couldn't believe how much space the animals had.  Clearly, the zoo is interested in making the animals comfortable, as opposed to simply cramming in as many exhibits as possible.  Speaking of the zebras, their exhibit is situated about half way up the HUGE hill in the middle of the zoo.  We did not realize the zoo was situated on (what felt like) a mountain!  I don't know how unfit people could properly navigate this place; it was quite a workout!  I would not recommend coming here after you've done a 10 mile run in the morning, like I did!  I was definitely beat by the end of the visit!The other really remarkable exhibit were the penguins.  Another huge exhibit with DOZENS of penguins.  We were there during feeding time, so of course all of the penguins were very active.  We really enjoyed looking at and comparing the different varieties of penguins in the exhibit, and really got a kick out of some of their antics.If you're in Scotland, you must pay a visit to the Edinburgh zoo!
4	Edinburgh Zoo has its ups and its downs.See what I did there?  Little play on words.  The whole damn zoo is built into a hill.  Right out of the gate, you're ascending.  The habitats are generously spaced with certain areas obviously better developed than others.  It's an unfortunate criticism but a logical realization of all zoos--the more popular animals live in better built habitats encouraging more flow traffic.  So the nearly arrived Pandas and the ever-popular penguins get top-billing while Zebras and Giant Anteaters are atop the very long and steep climb at the opposite end of the grounds.  All the shops, cafes, and the majority of bathrooms are all huddled by the Education center--which is across, you guessed it, the penguin exhibit.  It's a damn shame because the bird sanctuary was awesome once I finally discovered it (I had to be showed).  Defenders and those far more educated in zoo design will correctly correct me in saying that zebras (which I now pronounce "zebra" instead of "zeebra" thanks to my girlfriend) require considerable square footage and thus must always be segregated from the smaller habitats.  That's a valid point but...okay, that is a valid point.  I really have nothing to counter that with.  The penguins were cute, that's certainly a thing I can't deny.Do I have favorite animals?  I prefer ones where I can get close, not requiring physical contact, just where I can feel like the animal knows I exist.  Perhaps we are divided by glass or not, makes no difference, so large animals, though obviously breathtaking, are not as interesting as the small ones I can get close to.  So despite a lot of people placing the pandas atop the list of best habitats, I'd have to go with the penguins (huh, I guess it works).  I mean at one point, the crowds formed a path for the penguins to walk through.  They only do so a few times a day and its worth participating in.  I enjoyed the flamingos, because who doesn't, and everyone loves the squirrel and capuchin monkeys.  In all the experience was pleasant, worth the admission and an afternoon of your time.  I visited in November, which resulted in a slightly overcast and melancholy landscape, but I imagine in the spring and summer, this place truly rocks.
4	The special thing about my when I saw the pandas plus had looked round elsewhere after
5	Not reviewed the Zoo? Really - where's my head at! I have been a RZSS (Royal Zoological Society of Scotland) since 2005 and I try to visit as often as I can. Just recently I went with my nieces who are 13/14 years old and they really enjoyed it. My personal favourite is the Monkey House with a lot of monkeys interacting with the visitors, and the Bodungo Experience were the chimp family were telling of some cheeky monkey kids. My nieces favourite visits were clearly the meerkat enclosure and the penguins. All the other animals, birds, rhinos, predator cats and reptiles were fairly animated and provided good picture and video opportunities. We were able to join a group of 'Panda visitors', unfortunately the Pandas were resting, but we did get a glimpse. A lot of information about the animals habitat and endanger listing was giving us enough to appreciate what the RSZZ is trying to achieve.  It was a long day and we did a lot of walking. Afterwards we were knackered but we had taken 100's pictures and videos!
