4	Looking for some late night grub, we stumbled across this taco shop chain on Blue Diamond.  The employees seem a little tired or lifeless, but what do you expect at a 24-hour joint!  Regardless, we were content after our meal, and had a great morning sleep.Out of all the items we ordered, my least favorite...even though I devoured the whole thing...was the taco de lengua.  Tongue lacked some flavor and wasn't tender enough. The taco was bigger (in size and cost) than what I'm used to.   Their chicken taco (crunchy shell) was a lot better....with a peppery taste and loads of cheese.  The Horchata was just okay for me...I had better.  But why complain when the Mexican drinks are bottomless like the other fountain drinks!?My favorite was the Carne Asada nachos, with a mountain of flavorful asada, cheese, cilantro, tomatoes, guacamole, and beans (we opted for no sour cream).  It was so good (and greasy), we ended up ordering another "mountain" to go.  Up next....Carne Asada Fries!
4	Great food. get the carne asada burrito and 3 roll tacos..
4	Clean, friendly staff, huge portions. Not the best Mexican food i've had but it hits the spot when i've got the craving. I always tell myself that I'm only going to eat half of what I get and save the rest for another meal. It never works. I always stuff my face till it's all gone. That stuff is addictive.
4	The best looking Roberto's I've ever been to. Very clean and done up. I used to think Robertos as low rate (appearance wise with no ac) restutaunt with good food.When I stepped into this location I was amazed! The appearance of the resturant was very surprising to me.Even the the bathroom shocked me. The food was good and the place was VERY clean.The only thing about the bathroom, there's no mirror in the womens lol and the door will seriously slam shut and if your hand or finger doesn't move out of the way just in time, Roberto's be careful, theres some shady people out there.When in the mood for Mexican food, Roberto's on Blue Diamond I am there.
4	there are a lot of roberto's places in vegas.. yet all aren't the best.  this particular location is clean and the service is friendly and fast.  I love the carne asada nacho or fries..  and the carne asada California burrito!  I like to call in and place my order on the phone if I'm not eating there... and if u do eat there, you'll definitely pick up the scent!  [it won't smell yummy like your food!]a definite plus:  24 hours.. and they're on top of it at any hour!  roberto's is definitely a quick fix for my mexican food cravings!
2	If you know the saying, "What goes up must come down," then you might be familiar with the saying, "Mexican food goes in solid and comes out liquid."I've never been a taco bell fan either, so maybe "quick" Mexican fare just isn't my thing. To each their own, I guess. Perk is that it's 24 hours in a residential area, but it's just not my speed.
3	Maybe I got something terrible last time, but I'm upgrading Roberto's to 3 stars since I've had a few more things here.The chorizo burrito, shrimp burrito were fine. The chicken burrito was very meh; standard line chicken, no flavoring. A chicken burrito was "just lunch" if you get my drift. IF YOU'RE PICKIN' UP WHAT IM PUTTIN' DOWN, 'NA MEAN?The chorizo burrito and shrimp burrito I enjoyed. Maybe it's because I had some hot sauce. I don't know. My toilet also liked the burritos, but then again, what doesn't make me shit these days? I'm getting old. Or getting Crohn's disease. Mexican food makes a toilet holocaust. Burritos from a 24 hour taco shop makes for bathroom salsa. I could go on.Overall: Solid, quick, cheap, tasty enough for the price, solid B.
4	Being from So Cal, I've always taken good mexican food for granted because it was so accessible to me. Since moving here 3 months ago, I've been craving carne asada fries for so long but just didnt know where find one here in Vegas. Then one day making a wrong turn, I bumped into Roberto's Taco Shop which was 2 blocks away from my house.  My life just took a step up in being satisfied.They are not selfish with their servings here. I ordered a carne asada fries and burrito and let me tell you, they did not miss even a millimeter of space in that box!  Not only were the servings big, but it was pretty good too.  Man that hit the spot! Best thing is that they're open 24/7 and I hit the gym around 1am so this is the new spot I will definitely be hitting up after my workouts.  Yea I know its a bad diet but I'll work out even harder to make up for it.Service here is nice and very clean environment. From what I've been reading on yelp that other Roberto places arent as nice as this one.  Best thing is it's mexicans making mexican food unlike another place i went to where it was asians making mexican food and the other way around.  Biggest fail was a Pho restaurant ran by filipinos and let me tell you, their Pho was Phocking nasty! Keep the menu within the race and you get my thumbs up.Friends are telling me to try their Lengua as well. Don't know what that is but i'll be sure to order that next.
4	Alot of great food for the price!
4	Yar, Roberto's be a chain restaurant specializing in Mexican delicacies.  They usually look the part: bare walls and unimaginative fixtures.  They're strangely similar to prison chow halls.This one seems to be upgraded for the area it's in.  Southwestern colors on the walls, tables and chairs that aren't bolted to each other, and an overall aura straight out of the Qdoba playbook.  Staff ability is limited in the English department, but they make a damn good carne asada burrito and rolled tacos topped with guac and cheese.I want that in my mouth all the time.  Period.
4	We popped into this Roberto's (located on Blue Diamond at Buffalo by Rounders and a Child Care place) at like 1am after a concert. Few drinks down and we were ready for fourth meal.My husband insisted we order the Carne Asada Fries. I thought we needed more than just that so I ordered a Bean & Cheese Burrito as well. OMG was I wrong! Those fries were huge, and L.O.A.D.E.D! We devoured them and took the burrito home for lunch the next day.Surprisingly I've only been to Roberto's a handful of times. One other time I had a Carne Asada Burrito that was delicious and huge. One time I had Rolled Tacos (aka taquitos) another WINNER!I will say that there is never a shortage of food with your order. This particular location was clean and the girl taking our order was kind. I'm sure we will be back since this location is right by our house.
3	I am a bit disappointed. This location isn't as decorative as the Don Tortaco at Eastern and Warm Spring.  I also had their version of beef nachos, very small in comparison to what i usually get at Roberto's i just hope the ones at Eastern and Warm Spring is better. Their carrot sides were also very salty.They were quick and friendly, and a have a good menu at cheaper prices. Also anything open 24 hours is a good thing.
4	This place used to be Roberto's .  It seems like alot of them got bought out and is now Don Tortaco.  We stopped by for a late night eat.  Same menu, same food, same price... new name.Pros: * Asada Nachos are still killer! * well-kept Sauce stand... It seems like their green sauce was a bit spicier than what I remembered at Roberto's... Score! * I don't know if the standards at Don Tortaco are higher than Roberto's, but this location seemed to be really clean.   * I liked the selection of drinks.. self serve soda with Horchata and Jamaica too! * Lengua and Cabeza on the menu... oh yeah!!!!Cons: * I stated No sour cream (even on my receipt), but low and behold, when my order came out, Escrema was present!* No Agua De Fresca Verdict:  This place is good for late night eats.  We ordered the Asada Nachos with No sour cream, but they failed and piled sour cream on it anyhow.  Nonetheless, I gave this place a 4 star because it didn't fail to satisfy my late night cravings for cheap Mexican food.  I also had to get some Lengua tacos.  2 tacos and Asada Nachos was more than enough to share amongst 2 other people. Tips: * I know Lengua doesn't sound too appetizing, but seriously you can't knock it until you try it.  It's amazing!
1	Worst Mexican food ever. Greasy, no taste, just plain awful. I think I would rather eat Taco Bell.
5	Carne asada burrito.You're welcome.
3	I live across the street and wanted this place to be great so I could stop in for a late meal or a random lunch. In my humble opinion its average at best. Food is almost bland no real flavors as I think they want you to dump salsa or peppers all over it. Taco Bell is right across the lot if you are desperate but you will have to really have a taco craving that cant be satisfied for that.
4	Different name, but still the same still of food. It is greasy, salty, and one of those essential eats after a drunken night. Beef rolled tacos with guacamole or the California burrito hits the spot when my head is pounding and my stomach is churning. That is right, no eating healthy when you might have alcohol poisoning. Instead just give your gut another punch.With every purchase, you are welcomed to pack as much from the salsa bar as you wish. I end up eating a bag and a half of the spicy veggie mix. Although the carrots lost their crunch and the seasoning is not hot, it was still a nice accompaniment to the Mexican food. I also prefer the green salsa to the red. Make sure to pick up some radishes and limes to cut the grease.
1	Yearning for a burrito I stopped by Don Tortaco for a chicken burrito. I got what amounted to chopped and torn chicken rope in a cheap tortilla...no lettuce, no cheese, no rice, no beans.  I hadn't read the small print and was informed that this is all "extra".  "Extra"?  Isn't that what a burrito IS?  It's like ordering a BLT and finding out the B, the L and the T are extra.  When I brought that up the girl at the counter I got that epic shrug that let's you know they just don't care.  All that aside the quality of the ingredients was so poor and suspect that no amounts of condiments or other ingredients would have disguised the fact that that chicken had been running marathons in the desert before ending up in that burrito.  A seriously a grim experiment in Mexican food.
4	The food is better than average fast food. I especially liked the burritos and beef nachos
4	Cheap, tasty, and large portions!
1	We've been coming here since it opened and was such a fan of the carne asada and breakfast burrito but this time our food was cold. They have a real hard time understanding our order over the phone unless you can speak Spanish. Once there they seemed to work on differing orders one at a time so they were so disorganized. We hope this is just an anomaly and am sad to rate them low this time around.
4	Don Tortaco/Roberto's they're both the same: Really fast and good Mexican food. Never let down by the quesadilla or the nachos. Add red sauce to the meal and a drink of horchata and that's some great food.
5	Always good always fresh no mistakes. I love it!
4	Surprisingly really good. I liked the nachos I got the most and it all tasted fresh and it was made relatively quick. Excellent service as well. I had a hard time deciding but they were patient with me
5	Great food, always fresh and very clean. Love it! California burrito with no pico add guac...is deeeelicious!!
5	Really great food, just like Roberto's. Their Carne asada nachos are a must. Other wise a taco or two will do the trick.
5	Yum!  Authentic greasy Mexican joint when I'm looking for a guilty pleasure.  We've  been to these types of Mexican places in CA, Tucson and now here in lv and this place is right up there with the others n its close to my place. Score.  The burritos are big my favorite is carne asada as well as care asada tacos which are packed with pico De gallo n guacamole, they are pretty big also.  Fast service and polite ppl.
3	Typical Mexican fast food chain...similar to but seemingly more flavorful than it's Robertos cousin.This is the kind of food that tastes 100x better late at night or inebriated lol.We ordered the Carne Asada Tostada ($3.80). Good flavor...HUGE portion lol.Al Pastor Torta ($5.15). Surprisingly good considering it's not rotisserie style pastor. A bit on the dry end though, but the seasoning was tasty.Chorizo Breakfast Burrito ($3.80). Chorizo didn't seem fresh and had an odd taste. Filled to the brim with scrambled egg and potato.Solid late night choice for greasy drunk food :P
2	Really you're a Mexican eating establishment and don't don't have F-ing limes ????  I don't care how expensive they get. Ridiculous !!
1	Disappointed to order carne asada nachos to get home with no carne asada. I'm not sure how it happened when there were six people working and I was the only customer!  This location is the same distance as the one on rainbow so that's where I'll be going from now on.
1	Las Vegas friends: I don't usually make a fuss and blast a place but sadly my favorite Mexican food Don Tortaco has disappointed me. They failed to put all the food I bought into my bag. I discovered it at home of course. I drive back after a phone call for a refund request produced no results. They apologized, then gave me the food and asked for my card to refund it. They accidentally charged me again, and said they would cancel the transaction. They did not. I get home with the remade food and its terrible, I think on purpose. I have always loved their food and I couldn't eat this. I contacted them several times to talk to the manager to no avail, finally escalated to the area manager. He turned out to be a jerk too. I just wanted the $9.35 back that I was double charged. He told me to file a complaint through my bank. I told him I would make sure I told everyone I know about this poor customer service. I will also take this up with better business bureau. Sad. I also need recommendations for a New Mexican fast food, preferably with a drive thru. Customer service is key, as my friends have been pointing out, there are many other great Mexican food places in Vegas. Also my friends are sharing like crazy on facebook. Don Tortaco listen up! Its about customer service, not just the food.
1	Not good at all!! The meat was flavorless and the salsa was water down.  I didn't care for my meal and it upset my stomach. I will not go back to this place. Poor quality in food!
3	Kind of like Roberto's. The food is pretty good as far as semi fast food Mexican goes. it's a much better alternative to Taco Bell that's for sure. The best part is that it is open twenty four hours to crave those late night munchies or when your wife sends you out at two AM for a food run. The prices are very reasonable too. I'll usually order a Carne asada tostada which only cost $3.80. Sometimes the even have specials on tacos buy two get one free. Throw in the little side salad bar with radishes, cucumbers, and marinated carrots with jalapeno and you got a rather large meal four under for bucks.
2	Breakfast taco was ok, chicken taco shells were overcooked.  Not as good as Roberto's.
3	Great place for a quick fix of Mexican food. Can't say it's the best or the worst but it's cheap, close, and satisfies my hunger! The portions for carne asada fries big and it's only $8. The adobado & carnitas plates are also descent. I'd stay away from the rolled tacos and tamales as they weren't that great. Just remember, this place isn't world class dining...it's just fast and cheap!
4	Hubby and I have eaten here a few times. Now so thought I should write a review. The place is nice and clean and has a decent salsa bar. We have taken our food to go both times and I appreciate that you can pack up your little containers of salsa and limes in plastic baggies so you don't have a big mess by the time you get the food home. They also do a nice job wrapping the tortillas up so that they are still warm when you eat. Now onto the food. Not being a fan of Roberto's I was hesitant to try this place but was pleasantly surprised with the carne asada plate I had the first time. The meat was tender and flavorful. The rice and beans are decent, they just need a pinch of salt and a dab of salsa and they are a good side .  The only thing I didn't like was the massively ginormous flour tortilla that came with it. I thought it would be 2 smaller more manageable ones to roll and wrap.  I ended up tearing it into smaller pieces and was good to go. This last visit I ordered the pork carnitas plate and had the corn tortillas. Again nice tender meat and the tortillas were very fresh tasting. Hubby had the adobada plate which was amazingly delicious. I know what I will be ordering next visit. Very seasoned flavorful meat, guessing it is pork. At any rate when we are in the mood for fast Mexican food this place hits the spot.
3	Pros: staff is really friendly and usually pretty helpfulCons: food is inconsistent is always very good in flavor but the quality and quantity depends on who's working
4	This place is basically Roberto's but slightly better IMO. They always hook me up with large portions and tons of stuff on 1 plate for the price -- So far, I've had the carne asada nachos (the star there) and the beef (machaca) plate -- both were good. I have late night cravings for this when I get the munchies -- Stoner Joint
3	The food wasn't horrible but it wasn't that flavorful either.  I ordered carne asada nachos and they were just meh.
4	I like this place next time you're looking for delicious greasy Mexican food this is the place!
1	I would have given this place zero stars, but since I had to give at least one...here it is.The place was not busy but it was loud with the cook in the kitchen chopping the hell out of something..not sure it was meat as I didn't find much in my tacos. The TV's were blaring, making it hard to hear the person sitting next to me.  I ordered 2 hard shell tacos - buy 2, get one free..now I know why.  The shells were either under cooked or old...tough and not edible.  The tacos were more like  lettuce tacos - it had an abundance of lettuce - little of anything else.I found a hair in the radishes at the salsa bar which finished off an already bad meal for me.  The salsa bar appeared to be rather dirty..lots of drips and spills.The girl taking our order asked if it was to go or eat in...even after stating we were eating in, she packed it to go...whatever.Won't be going here again.
5	Grilled chicken plate is the best. Also, the chocolate flan is amazing when you're drunk! haha
4	Love that they are open 24/7 and that they will give me a burrito without the tortilla.  Their Carne Asada burrito sans the tortilla is a plate of meat, guacamole, and pico...so good. If you can eat carbs, which I don't, go for the cheese enchiladas. I miss those.  They are quite tasty!
3	Identical to Roberto's in every way I can distinguish.  Not great, but not bad either.  I usually go for a chimichanga or asada fries.  Both are constantly good.  The restaurant is clean and has plenty of room for eating.
4	People writing reviews about this restaurant not having the most proper of presentations and the allure of fine dining can go ahead and get their heads out of their asses now. This Roberto ' s (let's face it Don Tortaco is a silly name) is one of the cleanest and better maintained of the chains. People who give this place 2 stars and below because of how loud the place was or how poorly the cashier understood their English are obviously oblivious to the fact that they are not at the Aria's Sage. Don't expect a server that explains your every meal and pairs your horchata with a certain type of meat, that's not what they are, that's not their appeal. Their target demographic is wasted partygoers who cannot function well enough to eat with cutlery and a napkin on their collar. Their goal is to offer food to those at home who can't think of anything to eat and that goes out on a whim (wearing probably  shorts, slippers, a baseball cap, a shirt from target, and a pair of sunglasses) just because greasy fatty food is better than a serving of microwaved leftovers which 's nutritional value has probably long hit the road.tldr: Kathy P got pissed off about the sound of the COOK chopping FOOD in the KITCHEN, and I had to write a positive and insightful review to counteract her overdramatic and over exaggeration of the negatives of this restaurant.P.S. DON'T TIP WITH CARD, THE OWNERS SNAG THOSE, WORKERS DON'T RECEIVE ANY OF IT. W T F RIGHT??
4	Love the bacon breakfast burrito and the beans!!!! Rolled tacos are yummy too!! Their salsas are good too!!
5	Don Tortaco is my late night addiction. That's probably why I'm currently the duchess. They are so quick and easy. I usually walk in and out in 5 mins. My go to order is chicken tacos. They currently have a special when you buy 2 you get 1 free. I cant eat all three but a taco in the morning can't be a bad thing. I also steal a lot of their green sauce. It's delicious and I use one cup on each taco and a few for my chips if i get any. Sometimes I just want to stop in and get chips and 6 sauces.. And I do. It's a weakness!! I'm a huge fan of the carne asada nachos. They are so big and delicious but I can't order them a lot. It's too much food for me and day two isn't as good. I usually order them with a group and make people get ratchet with me. Still 5 stars for being open 24hr and always being there when I need a late night meal or taco fix. Thank you Don Tortaco.
4	Now I do love Mexican food... That being said, the food was ok. It is a lot like Roberto's in food options and taste. The place was clean and about average in noise at one of these places. The girl operating the register was friendly and was happy to answer any questions we had about menu items. Having eaten at a large number of Mexican restaurants I can get picky. Here is what we ordered...Carne Asada burrito: size was good. I could not finish all of it. The meat itself was good in flavor and tenderness but the burrito was dry. I was surprised that there was no sauce on or in it.Carne Asada chimichanga: It's a good amount of food, my wife couldn't even finish half of it. She liked it. It came with sour cream and guacamole on it. Horchata: One of my favorite drinks. This was a little too sweet. Might need to make an adjustment to the amount of syrup in the mixture.
