5	I was recommended to Rick at White Sands Electric by a friend and couldn't be happier! A few months ago, my wife and I moved into a house built in the 50s, and Rick has been a life saver since. He just wired our laundry room washer/dryer, repaired a few broken outlets, installed recessed lighting and ceiling fans and helped with outdoor lighting issues. His prices are extremely fair - I've bid out a couple of the larger remodeling projects in my home, and he is consistently the lowest.Rick is very professional, honest, knowledgeable and quick. He's gone above and beyond on projects, and even took the time to educate my not-so-handy self on the non-electrical problems around my house.I cannot recommend Rick enough! It's so nice to have an electrician I trust.
5	Rick is AWESOME! I called him Friday for a quote on Monday afternoon. He showed up and gave me a quick verbal quote which was very reasonable  and offered suggestions to help me save money. I asked him when he could do the work and he said let me go get some lunch and I'll be back. He was in a out in about 3 hrs for several issues that other handymen couldn't solve. He's very knowledgeable, personable and cleans up his workspace. Kudos to Rick, well worth every penny!
5	Overall really good experience. Rick was on time and very flexible. He was able to work with my schedule. Price seemed fair, I wasn't able to get another electician out for a price comparison. The work was done quickly and looks really good.
5	I recently moved into another house and I needed a lot of electrical work done since the house was built in 1978.  To say the least, I was shocked on how older homes lacked the electrical needs I got used in my past house.  I got three different bids and I ended up going with White Sands Electric.  I couldn't be happier with the work they have done so far.  They are very knowledgeable, professional, and detail oriented.  This is the laundry list of things I had them do so far and I have plenty other work for them to do in the near future.  I actually kept adding stuff that I wanted done/changed and they were very accommodating.  On a side note about contractors in general, I find a lot of them to show up late.  For the multiple times I have had White Sands out, they have always been on time.  I wish all contractors had this trait or at least would call you if they were running late.  If you are looking for a quality electrician in the Valley, look no further.- Redid the electrical wiring after we had 2 interiors walls knocked down and part of the ceiling raised- Installed 2 fan boxes and wired new outlets for the fans- Installed 4 can lights that work off dimmer switches- Redid 4 junction boxes/outlets- Installed and wired a new kitchen light- Wired exhaust fans in the bathrooms- Added 2 new circuits in the garage- Redid the wiring in the bathrooms since we couldn't even power a blow dryer off of the bathroom outlets- Rewired the exterior motion lights- Installed a new outlet for a sprinkler timer- Installed new outlets in my dining room
5	FAST, PROFESSIONAL AND VERY ECONOMICAL!!!  Out of the 7 electricians I had called, White Sands Electric (Rick) was the only one who returned my call on a timely manner and got the job done within the same day.  I am so pleased with his professionalism and fast service.  I highly recommend him!!! Great job Rick!
5	I was recommended to Rick by my mom, who has used Rick for some electrical needs around her house. I was in a pinch - needing some outdoor lighting installed ASAP...due to break-ins in our neighborhood - and I called Rick. He was able to come out same-day, and he came out at the end of the day to make sure I was taken care of. He is responsive, thorough, and left everything tidy. I highly recommend Rick and White Sands Electric for any of your electrical needs. And I love supporting locally- owned small businesses.
