5	This is an excellent place to get your eyebrows done...she has a lot of experince, my gf use to be her coustomer when she was working at a different salon now she opened her own and its better than ever...friendly service and fair price...and a good job...definetly one of the best eyebrow threading places in vegas.
5	This salon is one of the best salons I have been to. My girlfriend used to take me to different places to get her eyebrows, facials and her waxes done. But now i could just take her to one place and get everything done. saves a lot of my time. and they really do a great job.             The staff at this place are very good,  pleasant, gives the honest   professional opinion about  certain things that could save you money. When you look at the staff you could say that they have years of experience in this trade. i would give high 5 for there customer service. If you want your monies worth definitely visit this place.
5	Hey Las Vegas Yelpers!!!I just got my eyebrows/upper lip threaded at FET. I'm super happy with my first time visit! I'll be coming here to get my threading on! This place is less then 3 miles away from me. I was in and out of there super quick, there was no wait.Parking is not a problem. Located next to a smoke shop in a mini strip mall.She has a special right now... $7 for eyebrows and upper lip! What a deal! Regular price for eyebrows is $10, which is pretty standard. They also offer a punch card after 5 visits your 6 visit is free!They offer other services as well... so check it out! They just open last month, so this place is new! She's a sweetheart... her and her husband owns this business.If you're a local or visiting LV and you're looking to get threaded... stop by FET... you'll be walking out looking fabulous! (check out my photos... I posted a picture of my eyebrows!)yay I'm ready for my photoshoot :))Thanks FET for my fabulous eyebrows!-Miss Yelp 2011
1	I want to forewarn the other Yelpers and Grouponers out there who have purchased the Fabulous Eyelash Extensions....These are not the individual eyelashes that are applied directly to the eyelash...they are the eyelashes that you can purchase at any drugstore and are being applied using the "same glue that they use to apply individual eyelashes", however are being applied to the lashline/lid.  I should have turned around and walked out right then and there when I saw the lashes on her tray. If not then, perhaps when I asked the business owner if she liked doing the eyelash extensions (while she was doing my brow threading) and she giggled "I make money", or when my lashline/lid started burning and my eye nearly wouldn't open after she applied them. Unfortunately I didn't listen to intuition, and allowed her to apply them from her poorly lit room in a very modest strip mall location. The application itself actually hurt as the glue began drying, and within several days (they were supposed to last weeks according to her), they began coming off in painful chunks. I had to remove the rest because I looked like a childs' baby doll whose lashes had been randomly pulled out.  What's really depressing I can see that my own lashes are now much much shorter and sparser than what they were and my eyelids are swollen and burning.  I am kicking myself that I chose to do this in the first place, I did have truly nice lashes but just wanted a little extra for a special event, and I am mad at myself that I didn't research this business prior, and foolishly never asked her what her qualifications and experience was in applying these drugstore lashes. I doubt i have any recourse with this business, and I certainly wouldn't want her to attempt to re-do them, so I suggest you guard the precious lashes you do have and do your homework to find someone who is well-qualified to do proper lash extensions.
5	Fast, efficient, friendly, and professional.I came here earlier today to use my Groupon for eyebrow, lip, and chin threading. The place is located in a little plaza, but you have to drive to the back in order to see the shop because you can't see it from Durango. I really think they should have a bigger sign to advertise their shop from the street, so they can get more clients.The Groupon said to call for an appointment, but I called and they said I could come in anytime. I was the only customer they had at the time and the lady doing the threading even had an assistant standing next to her to hand her everything she needed. Since I haven't gotten my eyebrows threaded in almost a year, I was expecting it to be pretty painful, but it hardly felt like anything. I gotta admit, I had some pretty hairy eyebrows since I stopped maintaining them for almost a month, but the whole eyebrow process took no more than 2 minutes. The lip and chin was even faster and I barely felt that as well. This was probably the most pain-free and fast experience I've ever had at a threading salon and quality was not sacrificed at all. My eyebrows came out looking perfect!This will definitely be my go-to spot for eyebrow threading once I move back to Vegas permanently. They only charge $5 for threading if it's your first time there and $10 after that.
5	I am a hairdesigner and a Bride I was working with mentioned she came here to get her eyebrows and upper lip threaded. She mentioned that she doesn't break out  like she does with waxing. I thought that's genius. I break out all the time from waxing. Getting my eyebrows threaded at Fabulous Eyebrow Threading was the best experience. Walked in, they took me right away. She didn't leave my eyebrows too thin, and she gave me tips on how to make them fuller. I was in and outta there in 10min. And it wasn't painful at all. And it was soooo cheap!
5	Found this place through my babysitter! Mercy did miracle with my poorly shaped and uneven eyebrows. Super love the place. Never tried to look for any other place anymore. Two thumbs up!
5	My hairdresser friend recommeded this place... And looking at how perfect her eyebrows were I had to give it a shot.. I love this place! I've been through the bad wax jobs and the eyebrow threading chop shops that leave you with half an eyebrow! But this place I am very pleased with.... The family that runs this place is so nice and personable and get the job done right. Hoping they will be around for many many years to come:)
5	The first two things my sister asked me to do when she came back was to take her out for some good food and to get her eyebrows threaded. Usually she goes to a place closer to home, but we saw this after lunch at Pan Asian and came here. I am a firm believer that taking care of oneself should be the utmost of importance, but threading, or shaping my eyebrows was never a part of that criteria. At least, not until today. I won't deny that I was a little worried because I did not want to look perpetually angry and heard that it could be painful.Instead, it was the opposite. Although the lady was quick, she was also meticulous. I just wanted my unibrow to be tamed and a clean up of stray hairs. Not only did she do this, but she trimmed down the bush for a more uniform cut. This is another place that is running a deal with Yelp. For $9, you get $15 worth of treatment.
5	Really great place. It's tucked in a shopping center which is located behind an abandoned shopping center. I hope this place does well, because it's so close to home and they do a great job!This is probably the least pain I have felt from getting my eyebrows threaded. The woman here are really great at their job. Usually, I'm writhing in my seat because I can't stand how much it hurts. At Fabulous, it was quick and easy, and nearly painless. I don't know what they're doing differently, but it worked!Please support this local business! They really are the best!
4	Visited Fabulous Eyebrow Threading a few months ago but didn't realize how great they were until I visited other threaders -considering it was my first time getting my eyebrows threaded. Purchased a deal from Groupon for a bikini wax and full face threading. Ended up having to pay an extra $25 for a full bikini. The salon used hot wax rather than hard wax. It didn't really work for me, much messier than the hard wax. The owner was super sweet and thorough. She helped me from start to finish. She was 8 months pregnant at the time and was still quick on her feet and working hard!I have a scar above my left eyebrow and have a hard time finding someone that can shape my eyebrows around the scar. She did a great job evening out my eyebrows and cleaning it up. I think I was most thrilled w/ my eyebrows!! I wouldn't return for any additional waxing services but will visit again and again for their great threading skills.
5	This is the only place I've gone for threading for the past year. I don't feel any pain and the results are so clean. My eyebrows and upper lip look great....it never looks this good when I wax.  I've even taken my Mom here and she loves it.
5	I love coming here for my eyebrows!! She always does a "fabulous" job :). The service is always fast and the staff is welcoming and friendly.Pricing is very fair, and if you ever want eyelash extensions it's only $25. I got mine done last time and they came out great!I can honestly say I'm addicted to eyebrow threading now! Haha!
5	I waxed my eyebrows for years until I bought a Groupon or Living Social (one of the two) for Fabulous Eyebrow Threading. After coming here, I can say I will never wax my brows again. Mearcy is AMAZING at what she does- my brows have never looked better. She isn't just good at threading either, I also go to Mearcy for waxing (under arms, other parts...)  I used to go to European Wax for waxing, but Mearcy is more thorough and less painful. Mearcy and her husband are wonderful, kind people who are running a great business. My sister is also a frequent customer, and I have brought out of town friends who need their eyebrows threaded to see Mearcy. I am a loyal customer and highly recommend Fabulous Eyebrow Threading!
5	WHERE: Located on Durango, between Dessert Inn & Sahara. (It's in the same vicinity as the Storage place)WHEN: They are conveniently open Monday through Sunday =D.WHY: To get your eyebrows did, and all that unnecessary hair you don't want and need... hahaWHAT:  Sooo... I was reading about local eyebrow threading places on yelp, and this one popped up during my research.  The reviews I did read were all really positive, and luckily when I pulled up my groupon app, there they were! So what does repetitive exposure/advertising do to me?! Correct, I get suckered in to trying it! =D. The first time I stepped foot into the shop, I was nicely greeted.  I have been coming here to get my eyebrows done for several months now, and I keep coming back.  This is a family-owned business & family is what I feel like when I am here. =) I now bring my family along with me every month. My mom and aunts love it, and are always excited for our eyebrow-threading field trip.The woman who does my eyebrows ($10 to thread by the way) is such a sweetheart! It's like going to a nail shop and talking about everything and more with your nail lady. Instead, it's with my eyebrow lady! =D, she's my favorite! She is extremely patient, informative, and has become like family to me!Don't get me wrong, they not only thread eyebrows, but the entire face! I believe they do waxing as well. And! They do eyelash clusters for a great price (I haven't personally tried it yet, but I will soon!)I leave you with this...If you are looking for a waxing/threading spot, come in and try it out! You will not be disappointed! =D
5	After moving from NYC where there is a eyebrow threading place on ever corner, to Vegas, I was super nervous about finding THE perfect eyebrow salon. I have super dark, bushy eyebrows so I have to be very particular when choosing who touches them. Luckily I stumbled upon this little gem of a place. Mearcy is the best around, certainly in Vegas, but I would even go as far as saying she's better than any salon I have been to in NYC and San Francisco. She threads my eyebrows, lip, and also does any kind of waxing you could want; arms, bikini etc. Super friendly people and the best eyebrow salon around!!
5	Best Brazilian Waxing experience ever!!!!Endorses it to all my friends in Vegas and getting my man waxed in here too! She only does chest and back for men though.Eyelash extension is nice too :)Best time to come in here and get things done is when she's about to close. You'd be the only one in there or would have to wait 15 minutes MAX if ever there's customers before you.Marcie is a very nice lady and knows what she is doing.LOVE THIS!!!
5	Great pricing and she does an amazing job!  Best place to go in Las Vegas.
5	Just got my eyebrows threaded and she did a GREAT job!  She is even helping me get some shape back to them after someone previously made them straight and thin! I will be back!
5	I absolutely LOVE coming here to get my eyebrows and lip threaded. I converted from brow and lip waxing to threading a lil over a year ago and have been to a few places around town but this is by far the best place to do it. I stumbled across Fabulous while searching Yelp for a threading place close to my work one day and have not gone anywhere else since. She helped in reshaping my brows because a previous threader at a different place pretty much ruined them but now my brows look better than ever. They're completely even, the arch is perfect for my face and they're not too thin or thick. She really does have an eye for it and is really talented. It's a family owned business and the owners are so kind and friendly. I recommend this place to anyone with threading and even waxing needs as I'm sure their waxing services are great as well, not to mention their prices are very affordable.
5	I have seen the light! Here I was thinking that any type of hair removal aside from shaving has to hurt somewhat (and even then, nicking yourself with the razor is no fun), and then I had my eyebrows threaded here for the first time.Painless! I've had my eyebrows threaded a few times before, and while I normally had pretty decent result, my tear ducts always went haywire. Which is why I usually reserve visits for a long-overdue touch-up. Why should I pay money to make me cry in public when I can gently and cheaply tweeze in the privacy of my own home?Well, my eyebrows were losing their shape and I knew I didn't have an eye to shape them up on my own. So after looking at past reviews, I walked in after the lunch rush and waited about 5 minutes until I was called to the chair.I first noticed the Mearcy had great eyebrows, which made me assume that (a) she and I had similar tastes in what good-looking eyebrows look like and (b) she or someone else in the salon did them, which meant that someone there (hopefully Mearcy) does really great brows.Whether my assumptions were right or wrong, it didn't matter. She shaped my brows, pointed out that they were slightly uneven, and asked me if I wanted to thin out the other one to match or grow it out. End result: Thick and shapely brows. She trimmed them up with scissors as well.$10 is a few dollars more than what I would like to pay, but well worth it. IMPORTANT side note: Mearcy didn't ask me about my preferences before she went to work, which could have ended in disaster. So if you have a certain style in mind or if you just want them touched-up, I suggest you speak up before the thread touches your face.
5	Hi!!I was looking place to go and get right Eyebrow threading, after doing some searching I found this place, and I am very happy, great people nice salon ,and after all I get what i want with best service.
5	I came here because of the reviews in yelp. It's a sweet couple that owns this salon and they know what they are doing. I think her name was Marcie and she did a beautiful job on my eyebrows. Her husband greeted me with big smiles and offered me a bottle of water. I was so happy with the way my eyebrows looked and the experience I drove home picked up daughter so she can try it. She loved it and she is almost 12. She needed a little touch up and "Marcie" was so sweet with her. We will be coming back here when it's time to get our eyebrows done again. We are very happy with the service!
5	Mercy is the only person who does threading and doesn't hurt. She does it so light that the pain is almost nonexistent. I cannot believe how great she is. The location is awesome, right near my house. It is hidden though, behind a strip mall of buildings but they are right behind it on Durango. I love Mercy, she's great. She can never move out of state, I wont let her.
5	Great service and painless! Came there for the first time and she was quick and usually i get a little pain on my left brow but didn't feel a thing here! Awesome place and friendly!
4	The eyebrow threading place I used to go to recently closed, so I searched on Yelp for another eyebrow threading business close by.  I found this business with excellent reviews and drove over there.  I walked in and was greeted by the owner and he asked if I would like a bottled water.  Love that - since it was super hot outside.  I didn't have to wait too long and Marcie did a great job on my eyebrows.  She was so pleasant to talk with too.  I have found my new eyebrow threading place to go!
5	I've tried over a dozen different eyebrow waxing and threading places in Las Vegas and I will never stray from Fabulous Eyebrow Threading now that I've found them. My eyebrows look amazing, the process is fast and easy, and she absolutely knows her stuff. I receive compliments on my eyebrows regularly and am happy to share the treasure in the desert I've found for threading. Prices are great, the atmosphere is incredibly friendly and I never have to wait more than a few minutes. I can't say enough good things about this great little business.
5	I have to thank my cousin for this find!  She was visiting from Ohio and used Yelp to locate a place close to my house.  If not for her I would still be fighting the inconvenience of the mall for my brows.  This place is clean, friendly and they offer a punch card.  The morning I went there was no wait.  First time is $5 with a coupon from their website.  I love how she shaped my brows and this is my new go to spot!
5	Love this place!
5	Hands down, best eyebrow threading in Vegas! Been coming here for over a year, and always 100% satisfied with the results. Very clean, quick, and crazy inexpensive. With a loyalty card, the 6th threading is free. You really cannot find a better deal with such professional and friendly service. Would most definitely keep coming even if it was twice the price!
5	Excellent business, great service and very friendly. Been a customer almost a year and go every 30 days! Definitly recommend. 42/m
5	After moving here from San Francisco, I went to the wrong place and left with literally no hair to the right of my arches.  I was in the middle of job interviews and actually cried.  When the hair started to grow back, I searched for another waxer, but somehow through the grace of some higher being found this gem of a threading place.  I never knew threading could be SO MUCH LESS PAINFUL!  And I don't have to walk back out onto the street with the shine that wax always leaves behind.  Mercy gave me back my style!  I am so grateful to her for this.  She's also my good luck charm, because after I saw her the first time, I landed my job!  I'll never go anywhere else.
5	I read the good reviews about this place on Yelp and decided to go after a disastrous encounter at the Diva threading in Meadows Mall. It's a small place in a shopping center that you'd miss unless you know it's there. The couple who run the place are extremely friendly. They asked questions, knew everyone who walked in the door, offered bottle water multiple times, and were so helpful. My eyebrows were done quickly and the woman who did them was much gentler than most. She even told me where to let my eyebrows grow out and how to properly groom them so the next time I come in, we get that perfect shape for them.As long as I'm in Vegas, I won't go anywhere else. Prices are more than reasonable, service is excellent, and I can't see any reason not to give them my business. A+!
5	So I got tired of constantly dealing with Duo lash glue n sticking falsies onto my own eyelashes everytime, and all that stopped when I discovered thee best inexpensive beauty investment that will last you for a couple weeks! Marcie and her husband are wonderful and welcoming from the moment you walk into their shop.  I get my eyebrows threaded there, and they come out phenomenal, but I mainly have my lashes done with medium clusters towards the inner and middle eye, and have a couple long lashes at the end of my eyes to create that catty, sensual look and I LOVE IT! From Brazilian waxes, to eyebrow threading to cluster lashes, hell get it all done in that one visit by Marcie! I always get compliments on my eyes, and have always been asked where do I get them done.. my answer is simple - "only from the best, Marcie! Check her services out at Fabulous Eyebrow Threading down Durango Drive. you won't be disappointed, I promise!"  -Lauren S.
5	This place is amazing! The studio is so pretty and the chairs are so so comfortable. Really an upscale place and fits with the clientele . They are so gentle here and accommodating, aways ready to squeeze you in in an emergency bind. I'm so happy I have switched from waxing! Its much more gentle! Ill never go anywhere else ! Great deals!!!
5	I'm so happy that I found a great eyebrow place in Las Vegas.  Thank you Yelp for another great recommendation.A childhood friend of mine is getting married this weekend and my eyebrows were looking pretty crazy. (No threading since my own wedding back in June).  So I searched yelp and with all of the glowing reviews, I decided to head on over on a Wednesday night at around 6:30pm.  As soon as I entered their establishment I was warmly greeted and offered water while I waited.  It is owned by a young couple with the cutest and sweetest one year old!  There was currently one person in the chair when I got there, so I only had to wait about five minutes.    The lady was super sweet asked me what I wanted done. With just a couple of words she was off to work.  She works really fast and even thought I hadn't gotten any threading done in a long time I didn't really tear up that much...which is pretty amazing for me. I got my eyebrows and upper lip done for $14 which is a bit higher than I paid when I lived in Los Angeles/Orange County area, but I will still be going back because I LOVED how everything turned out in the end!! OVERALL: This a GREAT place to go for your threading needs
5	If you are visiting Las Vegas, this is a great way to start things off! Marcy is so talented at making your eyebrows look their greatest and only for $10 and it is painless!!! She also offers many services to make you look as glamorous as possible for Vegas style partying ; ) If you are local and have the luxury of visiting her a few times a month, you should! She has transformed my eyebrows into a work of art! As if her talent wasn't enough-- the ambiance here is amazing. It is so clean, comfortable and friendly. They make you feel at home and their place has great energy!
2	Place was very plainly decorated. No receptionist. I sat for 30 minutes with no service and was only spoke to once. I ended up walking away without my brows done.
5	I love this place! She asks you what you want, thin/thick, and then does a beautiful job. What's even better, is that you can walk in and really never wait long, the prices are really reasonable too.
5	I have been here 3+ times now and I really have had a wonderful experience each time. 1. they remember me. I really value a place of service when I walk in and they remember me each time. 2. the place is always extremely clean3. friendly service, easy to talk with4. they have me in and out, fast!5. the quality of the brow threading is great! I always feel like a different (better) person each time I walk out the door!
5	Since my little darling Glenn packed up and moved to Califas I searched for a new threader! DING DING DING!!! We have a winner folks! Its nestled away behind Carmines and she charges only 10$ and does an AMAZING job threading!Upon entering, you see all of other good, purses, jewelery, and other swag! In addition to threading she also does waxing, and eyelash extensions! I seen a girl she did today and they look soooooo natural and pretty! This is a nice little locally owned business which I will continue to support! Shes very precise and caring, she noticed one of my brows was off center and she assured me we would grow it out and square it off! This is my 2nd time there and there was little wait, shes very popular and even does the brows for a Cirque Du Soleil performer!! Her prices are sooo reasonable and she def takes care of her clients!Next I wanna try the eyelash extensions! Come here to get exceptional customer service and phenomenal threading!
5	Excellent service, excellent experience. I would recommend this business.
5	Love this place!! Been going here for a year :) I won't go anywhere else !Best eyebrow threading business in Las Vegas!! I have tried as many as 6 and I will never ever go anywhere else again! Marcie, definitely knows what she is doing and I've had eyelash extensions (which were phenomenal) and many eyebrow threading sessions from her!! Such an incredible, clean, and good vibed environment, you will not be disappointed!!!
5	This is place is the best in town. I was here for a facial twice because I had way too many black spots and white spots or whatever you call them on my face. Guess what the salon owner Mercy took care of it for cheap price and since then this is the only place I recommend to anyone I know for their facials and eyebrow threadings. She has great experience plus the price is more than reasonable. I only give five stars, and sure this place has earned it. *****
5	This place is great! Marcie was great at doing my eyelashes and my eyebrows. I love going here for my eyebrows because she threads them exactly how I want it.
5	Manju is the first threader I've experienced that I feel no pain.  She is an AMAZING person inside and out. I recommend her to everyone I know that gets their eyebrows done and they love her too.  I got eyelash extensions from her before too, they turned out fantastic! She's very gentle in everything she does so if you're afraid of pain no need to worry and she's quick!! Highly highly recommend!
5	What a wonderful place! I found this place after looking on Yelp and I have to agree with everyone that they do a fantastic job with your eyebrows. Not only that, but Manju is so friendly. I continually come back here because I feel comfortable, they get me in quickly and the price is awesome! Did I mention how nice they are? :)
5	This is the best eyebrow threading place I know in Vegas!! Great prices and they offer so much stuff!! I've been coming here for almost two years and I won't go anywhere else! Manju does a great job! Her and her husband are good people and they will do anything to make the shop a comfortable environment. I would recommend this shop to anyone!
5	manju does an amazing job I've had my eyebrows threaded since I was a teen and she is def one of my fav :)
5	This place is still my favorite after going for over a year and now they offer Cologne. I purchased cologne during my recent visit and they are typically cheaper than department stores for the same products. New during my last visit was a complimentary Kruege coffee. As good as it get!!!
5	Manju!!!!! Im so Happy i found you after so many years. Back in 2007 was when i tried threading for the first time. Later on we lost contact . I moved and i started seeing Glenn at Fashion show mall he than left to califas. & searching on yelp i found a fellow Glenn friend. & read her review and saw how she loved it. So I decided to try. I went in with my hubby and son . And there she was omg so happy it was her after 5 years i found manju married and with a son. I love my eyebrows and being pregnant almost 8 months I'm so happy that it was painless and Beautiful!!!!! I feel so amazing and I'm so happy that a have a new go to gal :) my husband said he will take me anytime lol just for there coffee and my son enjoyed being there and having a conversation with her hubby and son about xmas . My son is 5 so thats awesome . Well i say i recommend this place 100% because she is the best! And she evened out my brows and they have coffee and water and they r so nice!!!!! And they even have a lil perfume/purse salon :-) & she offers more services like waking. Tempted to try ! Thanks again Manju!!!
5	They are so incredibly nice! My eyebrows look so cute. I saw a lot if couples go in here as well. Not sure why but def a couple friendly place. Just a really warm feeling when you walk in.
5	Finally! A place where they actually listen to what you want. I've been getting my eyebrows threaded since summer of last year and I've never been happy with the results. I used to go to Eyebrows R Us at different locations and because of this I always get a different aesthetician. This is why I end up with different looking eyebrows every time. After some research here on Yelp, I finally decided to go to Fabulous Eyebrow Threading due to positive reviews. The venue can be difficult to find and easily missed, but since it's on the same plaza as Pan Asian (just a little bit more in the back) I found it with no problem. They offer you complimentary Keurig coffee which was very nice. The place also sold jewelry and women's perfume. They also have other services like waxing and feather extension (or whatever it's called) for such affordable prices. I had to wait for three customers before me, but the lady (didn't get the chance to ask her name) worked rather fast so I didn't have to wait longer than 20 min tops. When it was my turn she asked me what my preference was. I really appreciated how she listened to what I wanted my eyebrows to look like. She even showed me one eyebrow before continuing to finish the other one. Threading used to make my eyes water since I'm quite sensitive. But this was almost painless, I didn't tear up at all! I can't stop checking out my new eyebrows. I will definitely only go here for threading from now on.
5	Came in yesterday for my second time and will always be back! My visit was on Saturday 2/2/13 11:30ish with 1 person ahead of me (a dude getting his eyebrows done too!) and maybe a five minute wait total. While I waited I was offered water or coffee complimentary.Cheap, fast and very polite service! She (can never remember to get her name -just like everyone else!) asks if I want a re-shaping or just to clean them up and really listens to what you want.It's located, going North on Durango on your right hand side behind Carmines so if you're at Sahara you went too far.Come for sexy ;) eyebrows, great service & don't forget to yelp her too! She loves yelp reviews and it's actually how I found her after I got sick and tired of painfully plucking my own at home. $10 for a smile and sexy eyebrows! Can't beat it!
5	Excellent service. She did a great job on my eyebrows and is very reasonable. Fast service, haven't had to wait.
4	I decided to check this place out after buying their groupon. The service was fast and friendly and exactly what I wanted. They seemed to be a bit more caring and personal than the typical eyebrows r us. The only downside was trying to find it since its hidden by the strip mall in front of it. I will definitely be returning soon!
5	Got a groupon as a gift to try out threading for here they did a great job and it didn't even hurt as much as everyone said. There was a slight wait but didn't bother me, they were happy to add services and even gave me a free feather hair extension, they were really friendly and i will go back
5	They did such an awesome job on my eyebrow I had to go back for a full face threading. Everyone is so nice and friendly and I will be back next Saturday for a facial.
3	The younger girl did my eyebrows and was a bit too slow and gentle compare to the threading I was use to. She didnt do much because she said I needed to grow out my eyebrows more so this rating would be for how well she is experienced in threading. It took way too long for the little she did. I would have given her more stars if she charged me less for the very little swings she took on the thread, It was literally like 2 swipes,oh well... I might come back in two weeks to see how well they do in shaping.
5	Today after a long time I went to get my eyebrows done, it felt change. Now no more wait (I wouldn't mind waiting anyway) because they hired a new girl (I think her name was Gita). I got my eyebrow done with her  and liked it no pani and fast service. she is as good as the other lady that used to be there. The best place to get your eyebrows done. Have to say that they are friendly because he asked me if i want anything to drink. I would strongly recomende this place.
5	Do you feel the need to wake up beautiful? Have you ever dreamed of just getting out of bed and being able to already be half done with your daily beauty regimen? Well, we can't ALL be ME! :-P I feel as though I have stumbled upon a well of beauty that I must share with my sisters and brothers in Vegas! Fabulous Eyebrow Threading is much more than just a place to tame and shape your wild brows! It is a place to get beautiful! I was initially brought in by a good friend who swears by this place for her brows. I pluck my own and never really gave it a second thought. One day, however, she came to my house and took off her sunglasses and it looked as if her lashes grew 10x longer overnight! When she told me she got her lashes done I had to hear more about it. I am a sucker for falsies and they have easily become part of my daily routine. The possibility of having them STAY on for longer than a day intrigued me. I had heard of the single lash extensions, but don't feel like paying an arm and a leg. When I found out these clusters costed a fraction of the price I knew immediately that I wanted to try it. Today was that day. She agreed to meet me there. I walk in and the whole family seemed to be waiting for me. They all had smiling faces and greeted me as if we had known each other all our lives. My friend had told them what I was coming in for before I arrived and I was quickly whisked away to a small room. I lay back on the bed as Manju sat by my head. She explained to me exactly what she was going to do and told me there were different types of lashes. Since my lashes are already a bit long (but thin) she recommended the longer ones so they would blend better with my own. I usually do dramatic makeup looks so I felt this was acceptable. She went to work and was so fast! We had a short conversation and only a few minutes in and she already handed me a mirror to see the first eye completed to ask how I liked it. It was amazing! My lashes looked very natural and very full. She then went to work on my second eye and we were done in no time at all. I was extremely happy with the results. Even if I don't put any makeup on they are quite noticeable.  I feel pretty! Oh so pretty! If eyes are the windows to the soul, then don't forget that you need great looking curtains aka lashes! :-P
5	I've been going here for about 6 months now and I always leave satisfied! My boyfriend accompanies me sometimes too and hasn't had a complaint. Eyebrow threading is just $10. This place is run by Marcie(sp?) and her husband. They are very nice people. From the moment we enter, they would always offer water or coffee. She's fast and my eyebrows always comes out precise and perfect!  The location is also perfect for me which is about 10 mins from where I live:)They recently hired a new girl and I've had her once. I believe she is currently in the process of learning. When she threaded my eyebrows, it was painless but she did take a while and made one side a little bit thinner at the ends but Marcie was able to fix it.
5	This place is great!  I waited for 2 minutes.  Everyone was so nice.  Offered me something to drink right away.  The women was so fast and efficient.  My eyebrows never looked better.  Loved this place.
5	This is the only place I go to for threading. The lady owner/threader (I'm terrible with names) is really good at not overthreading, she always gives me a nice natural, beautiful shape. Also everyone there is always very friendly and gracious. I've been to many threading places in Vegas and this one is the best of all them for skill and friendliness. Thanks!
5	Best place ever!!  I highly recommend, no matter where you live in the valley, to come here for the best eyebrow shaping.  I had mine threaded only once before, and I couldn't get my eyes to stop watering it hurt so bad. At Fabulous Eyebrow Threading, they are super gentle, but quick.  She rescued my eyebrows from thinning out, and added bonus, it only cost $10!!  You can't beat it!
5	This place is hidden behind a gym and Pan Asian which could be a contributing factor as to why it's not super duper busy.. I love how the space is clean and not janky looking like most threading places. When I walked in I was immediately greeted by a nice smiling man who offered me bottled water. While you wait you can sip on some coffee from their cool coffee machine and watch Bollywood movies on their flat screen or you can browse the many perfumes and purses that have for sale. There were 2 ladies working so the wait was short. I got the same lady as last time but I forgot her name ;[[[ She's so sweet and did exactly what I asked her to do with my brows! Prices are your standard threading prices- $10 for brows.HOT TIP: Don't forget to ask for a loyalty stamp card ~!!!
5	Wish I still lived in Vegas so I could regularly come here. This is eyebrow threading at its finest.  The precision of eyebrow threading is unparalleled. I dare say that waxing and plucking can't even come close to the results you'll get with threading. Marcy (sp?) has all the qualities of a talented threader: attentive, detail oriented, and thorough. On top of this, she makes a slightly painful experience pleasant by conversing with you. Yes, threading can be painful for some but I think my ladies can relate when I say that beauty is pain. The results are worth whatever discomfort you'll experience in a very short time period. Perfectly shaped eyebrows are within your reach, GO NOW!
5	If you are not satisfied with your current eyebrows, I suggest giving this place a try. Marcie does a fabulous job. She listens to your ideas and adds her expertise resulting in the perfect eyebrows for your face. Great atmosphere. Always friendly and attentive to customers. The price is 10$ just for eyebrows and it is well worth it!.
5	I will be a repeat customer here for sure. My brows really do look fabulous. I can't believe I haven't been here before, it's located less than a mile from my home. I love when Yelp introduces me to a hidden gem. I ran into a few other yelpers getting their beautification on and I got to meet Mary Rose for the first time. The staff was so friendly and helpful. I got a warm welcome when I walked in the door and when it was my turn in the chair she thanked me for waiting. Both ladies chatted with me and the customer service was awesome. The service today was complimentary but the prices are otherwise very reasonable. $10 for brows and $14 for both brows and lip. Sold!Thank you so much Mary Rose for setting up this UYE and thanks to Fabulous Eyebrow Threading for providing great customer service and helping me stay pretty.
5	It's bee awhile since i had my eyebrows threaded and it was not so painful. Mercy did a great job cleaning up my brows. I even brought my best friend who may now be a new customer. Thanks to this being a yelp event i found a new place to get my brows done again. Love it!!
5	Super satisfied with the outcome! :D recommending this place to everyone I know! Thank you for the beautiful eyebrows and great customer service! :)
5	Easy 5 Star!Pros:-friendly and want to know each and every customer-quick and efficient-uses organic cotton thread, which makes it painless-therefore, I did not tear up, not a drop-my eyebrows are shaped beautifullyCons:-um...um...well...NONE!They do close on Sunday, but thanks to Mary Rose for setting up this UYE, I got my eyebrows did, and Marcie has converted me to a loyal Fabulous Eyebrow Threading patron!Marcie, you are awesome!
5	WHO: My fellow Yelpers & friends.WHEN: April 7, 2013. 1-5pm.WHERE: Fabulous Eyebrow Threading (Durango & Desert Inn)... in the Storage One plaza.WHAT:  As always, my Fabulous Eyebrow Threading & Yelp family did not disappoint! There were plenty of people I got to meet today, and we all left with 3 things in common... 1. A smile on our face 2. A new friend 3. FABULOUS eyebrows! As always, Mercy did her thing working hard as always to make us look BEE-YOO-TEE-FULL! Thank you to all who showed up and supported. This event was a success! Hopefully we will be able to do it again soon! =D
5	I went for a Yelpers Only event, so my brows were comped, but they did an amazing job -- and I looked so beautiful afterward. It was shocking to see how ridiculously awesome my eyebrows were. :) Also, I am super in love with their employees, they are phenomenally cool and hilarious to boot. Talking to them is like talking to my family, the atmosphere is so comfortable! People would walk in and then walk out, with their hot, kick ass eyebrows and a huge smile!they are so friendly and welcoming! and prices are pretty good, so GO HERE. This is the place to be!!! Really.
5	My friend introduced me to this joint, and let me say, my experience was ridiculously awesome. It's a bit hidden, the complex almost looks abandoned, but if your GPS says you're there and you felt lost, you're probably in the right place haha! (i don't live near that area lol) Off the bat, they treated me like family, and were hilarious. I have never laughed so much in a while!!! Inside, it's roomy and they also sell a ton of different things behind their counter! Also, my eyebrows were done beautifully! The prices are pretty cheap, and they offer a range of services from whole face waxing and even eyelash clusters.When I came out of this place, I felt sexy. You can, too! :) If you love feeling pretty, this is the place to be!! Go, go, go before they grow, grow, grow!
5	As soon as I knew this UYE was happening, I let my eyebrows grow and grow...well, for a week past when I'd normally get them waxed.  Thank you to Mary Rose for setting this up.  I've wanted to try threading for a long time, but just never got around to it.  I showed up and only Raven (hi, Raven!) was in one of the chairs, so Mercy called me right over and started doing her thing.  I wasn't sure if threading was going to hurt, but it was fine.  I think the technique is actually very interesting, including the thread used.  It only took ten minutes to get my brows looking nice again.  Mercy was so friendly, her child is adorable, and that lady has the most awesome eyebrows I've seen up close and personal.  I've been converted.  Thanks to Mary Rose for the introduction and Fabulous Eyebrow Threading for the complimentary service--I'll be back.  Now, I just need to find some vitamin E oil so I can make my brows grow the right way...
5	I have never had my eyebrows threaded before and frankly never trusted anyone else to touch them. I felt like I was taking a huge risk leaving them in someone else's hands. However, I have come to this place to have my lashes done and felt completely at ease with the people here. I have rarely met anyone nicer and more comforting to be around as hairs are being ripped from my face! I closed my eyes for a moment, had a pleasant conversation, and then BAM! I had amazing brows! It was lots of fun and nice to see guys there too getting cleaned up and pretty! :-P
5	The last time I got my brows done was a year ago and I'm just tired of plucking them just so I don't have to pay to get them done. I heard about this UYE from a guy! Haha! You had me at FREE.Michael K and I got there as Sylvia Q and Nelson Q were about to leave. So, we had to check out their brows before getting ours done. It only took about 10 minutes to thread my bad boys.Thanks, Mary Rose for setting up this great UYE! As we were driving, Michael was like, "I can't stop staring at my eyebrows!" Hahaha!
5	I'm not into girly stuff and I have to be in an extremely good mood just to even put make-up on.  I dread plucking my eyebrows as I can never get it right and end up overplucking and hurting myself.Yesterday was my first time to experience threading.  I was worried that I'd have to get drunk so I won't have to feel pain when I get my eyebrows done.  Well, I didn't have time to get drunk at lunch time so I had to toughen up.  Surprisingly enough, the process only took 5-10 minutes and Mercy did a great job making me feel at ease.  I can't say it was painless.  My brows itched for a bit after I was done but it was tolerable.  They do threading, waxing, and extensions anywhere from $14 to $45.  The ladies that work here are very nice.  I'll be back...when I'm ready for more.
5	I gotta review this one because, how many times will I see myself on a main picture of an event?After Amanda's brunch at Ceres, decided to hit up a double whammy UYE in one day! Although hesitant because I thought this would be too "feminine" for me, I picked up my courage and went inside.This is a great place to get your eyebrows "threaded" meaning that they clean up your eyebrows using a string. This is different than other traditional methods of plucking because they are able to clean lines of hair in each swipe, rather than one by one.After laying my head down, I was prepared to get threaded. When it started, I did feel a slight pain, which lasted a few minutes. The endorphin's started to kick in and my masochist nature started rev up, and it was all smooth sailing from that point on. The beautician did a great job, just in 10 minutes.This business also sells tons of unique jewelry and bags, so if you're hesitant to be threaded, you can buy something interesting instead.Thanks Mary-Rose, it was nice meeting you and I will be comfortable enough to try this place again sometime!(P.S. Tien you owe me some Pan Asian, and I will collect someday :D )
5	Love this place only been here twice but both times they were awesome.. I will never go anywhere else now that I found this place.. My eyebrows were horrible before I came here, but they fixed the mess I had going on with my eye brows.. Everyone is nice and I was in and out in time for work with fabulous eyebrows and the price is great!!!
5	Fabulous Eyebrow Threading deserves 5 stars because you are not just another number when you come here. As you may have already read, customers are truly welcomed with a smile the minute you step foot in the door. I'm writing this review after only my second time visiting. See for yourself, I just posted a picture of me and I just got them shaped again today. :)I've decided I'll be coming to here permanently.  And the way I am when it comes to loyalty---well,  let's just say I'm glad the owners are not old because I'm going to be coming here as long as they are open!! The kind of work they do on my brows is nothing less than beautiful artistry. And the tough part is that I want full brows and don't have the thickness to begin with! When I wear makeup I fill in my brows with just one tool and shadow. Because of the job they've done to the shape, no one knows how sparse they actually are. Now, after only the second visit, I already see so much progress! Needless to say, I'm very happy with my experience here. I'm coming back with my boyfriend to buy some cologne soon here too. They've got a nice selection for both men and women. You're making the right decision if you've made up your mind to stop by. Enjoy! I know you will. :D
5	Always excellent customer service!!!I have been here many times and have always been pleased with the service, All of the ladies do a fantastic job and are very customer friendly. Thank you for continuing to provide excellent service!
5	I love this place! The owners are so friendly and welcoming, and there is a great selection of perfumes and colognes that they sell also. Did I mention they are great at eyebrow threading too?(:
5	I had never tried threading before--in fact, I had never consciously heard of threading--when I found a Groupon offer in my email inbox earlier this year. After reading the reviews here, I bought an eyebrow/lip threading or waxing offer. Today, I used it, and I can't rave enough about how truly fabulous threading and Gita, "my threader" (Is that the term?), are. Threading was FAST, ACCURATE, and not particularly uncomfortable (the brow didn't hurt; the lip did, but it was so fast that the pain hardly mattered). I'm so happy with the results, and with this business. Gita and the other staff at "Fabulous Eyebrow Threading" were warm and welcoming. And when I say they were fast, I mean lightening fast. I left my house near Charleston & Ft. Apache at 2:17 p.m., and I was on my way home, having had both my brows and lip done, by 2:42 p.m. Amazing! I can't recommend "Fabulous Eyebrow Threading" enough, and I plan on becoming a regular.
5	Inviting, friendly, professional, quickMy new favorite place to go.
5	This review is long overdue. I have been coming to Marcy, the owner, to have my eyebrows threaded for over a year now. Over a short period of time (a few visits) Marcy evened out and defined a natural looking arch to my eyebrows. I was always afraid to have my eyebrows threaded because I thought it was similar to waxing - Marcy put an end to that misconception. Not only is it painless, the process is quick as she is very talented. Also, as soon as you step into the salon you are greeted by her husband who offers you water or coffee--what more can you ask for! Overall top notch service, in a warm and friendly environment!!
5	Love! Bought a Groupon and am so glad I found this place! I drive from Green Valley to get my brows threaded. They certainly live up to their name. Highly recommend. This weekend I took my boyfriend and she was so nice and cleaned up his brows without making them appear too shaply. He was happy and will be back too.
5	I had seen the glowing yelp reviews so when there was a Groupon offer, I purchased it without hesitation.  I have been getting my eyebrows threaded for years, and was so sad to leave my favorite threader in SoCal and had not found anyone comparable to her....until now.  Gita did a fabulous job on my eyebrows.  It was quick and just a tad bit painful.  I then saw the awesome deal for cluster lashes and knew I had to try it since I had 2 weddings approaching.  Well, 2 weeks after my initial visit, I had my eyebrows threaded again by the wonderful Gita, and Mercy did my lashes.  It took about 15 minutes to apply and are expected to last about 2 weeks.  I have had them now for 1 week and they still look fantastic. At $25, it is a deal that can't be beat! The owners Chiand and Mercy are awesome. Customer service is top notch.  The moment you walk in, you are greeted with a smile.  And if there is a short wait, they are quick to offer you a glass of water.  As their store name says, they truly are FABULOUS! They are now my go-to place. *Yelp 100 Challenge: Review 40/100*
5	Found them from Groupon, and so happy I did. They have my eyebrows looking awesome. The owner is sweet, and her son is adorable. This is way better option than waxing, and they are consistent with their work.
5	I love Fabulous Eyebrows!!!!!! I've been coming here for over a year and loves how she does my eyebrows and lashes....totally transform my face. Customer service is very important, and they give EXCELLENT CARE to their customers at a fraction of the price.
5	I was referred here by Yelp and have been coming regularly for the last few months. Most places ignore my requests for, "Not too skinny, PLEASE," and make me look like a chola anyway, but my eyebrows always come out lovely here. I don't live close, but it's worth the drive to get the friendly, reliable and quality service provided here. The husband and wife duo work great together. They always offer some kind of refreshment, chat happily with their customers, and have some awesome Bollywood movie on in the background. Their son is absolutely adorable. I've taken friends here and they've had great experiences, too.
5	I've been coming here to get my eyebrows threaded for almost a year and hands down, it is the best place in Vegas!! The staff is very friendly and they keep you entertained with Bollywood movies. I always wait for Mercy. She's very skilled with her hands and shapes my eyebrows so well! Not too thin or too thick. I get compliments on my eyebrows all the time and recommend everyone to come check them out. Their prices are super affordable as well. I love Fabulous Eyebrow Threading!!
5	Quick, amazingly painless, and they actually ask how you like your eyebrows rather than just going to it. This was my first time here. I'll be back. Only negatives - not the easiest to find location, closed on Sunday.
5	Great service.
5	Fabulous!!  I took my two daughters to get their eyebrows threaded. They did a beautiful job. We were greeted upon entry to the shop. Almost immediately got us in the chair and were so gentle. Especially with my youngest daughter. She is only eight but looked like she had a caterpillar growing on her forehead. She didn't shed any tears. My oldest daughter went from looking like she barely had any eyebrows to beautifully shaped and defined eyebrows. We will definitely be back.
5	1. I received the threading service for my eyebrows and my eyebrows looked gorgeous! The stayed tamed / shaped longer than usual (approximately 5 weeks opposed to 10 days/2 weeks) which was shocking AND this was the 1st time the threading experience did not hurt for me... :)2. Received the eyelash service for my birthday.... And left looking / feeling like a million bucks.THANK YOU!
5	Painless!! I thought my old threading lady was the best back home but moving here and discovering this place because of yelp is awesome my original lady that threads my eyebrows back home does a fabulous job but I always would need a tissue because I tear rivers haha but when I came here It was so painless different thread I felt off the bat I wanted to sleep in the chair I'm telling u, u guys gotta chk this place out 2  thumbs up for me n I thought I wasn't going to find n e one as good as my threading lady back home
5	Must come here!!!!!! Painless threading!!!! Great service!!!! Beautiful eyebrows!!!! Best eyebrow threading place i've ever been to!!
5	After three months being in a third-world country of no waxing & just plucking here and there. I needed to get my eyebrows cleaned up.   After moving to summerlin I had to find a new place to get my eyebrows done. The place I usually go to, to get my brows waxed is way too far for me now.  So, I searched for places on yelp where they best place to go to & of course I decided to come here.I have never got my eyebrows threaded because it just looks so painful.  Even after reading the reviews I was still in doubt about it.  Since, I do not have high-pain tolerance. So, I come in and I was greeted right away I told them I wanted eye-brow waxing. Everyone seemed to be so surprised I said that.. :) (since the place is called eyebrow threading) They do eyebrow waxing, but they convinced me to try threading. I LOVED IT! Diane was fabulous and she talked to me what I had to do and what she will be doing next.  It was not that bad, it was pretty much pain-free! However, when she was doing my left-side it was a little bit more painful, but it was tolerable. She did such a great job and I will definitely come back here again. Everyone was extremely friendly and they even offer you coffee or water if you wanted!
5	I went to this place last week. Was a lil scared cause I don't like going to new places for my eyebrows an I have never had threading done before. I absolutely loved it! Marci did such a great job an it was so quick! Def going back.
5	Where can I even start! Marcie is amazing! I have been going to her for almost a year now and I don't know what I would do if she leaves me! Ha! She's amazing. She knows I dislike thin eyebrows and respects that. Her husband is such a gent, he always offers something to drink. I recommend this place to anyone who has been searching for an eyebrow artist.
2	The staff was nice. But my eyebrows were completely different from each other. Maybe I'm a bit difficult to please when it comes to that but I won't be returning.
5	Been going here for months due to the reviews on Yelp. I don't go anywhere else. Family business that has great service and threading for a great price. Can't stop staring at my eyebrows when I'm done here!
5	Well, terrified as I may have been to leave the waxing world, I am glad I did my research. I saw the great reviews on Yelp for threading and could not ignore the rave reviews online for Fabulous Eyebrow Threading! I called to make sure Merci was working and made my way over. I waited about 5 minutes for her to finish up a waxing appointment in one of their back rooms. While I waited I was greeted by a guy working there (I actually think Marco's husband) he offered bottled water, tea or coffee. Which was really nice! After just a brief wait, I sat down in their chairs, which are roomy and comfy. With threading until waxing, she asked for me to hold my skin taught. It was actually nice to have a small task to do, it kept my mind off it. I have never had threading done before and it was not too painful. Nothing more than waxing.Merci also did my lip and sides of my face. Warning, the lip is more sensitive than the brows, but that is usually the case in waxing too. She also said that it takes a couple return visits to rehab my brows from waxing, since my previous lady trimmed my hairs too short.All in all a great first experience! I will never look back to waxing again. Especially since it was $30 for my whole face! FABULOUS!
5	Two of the worst eyebrow nightmares a girl can have are for them to be: uneven and pencil thin.Thanks to the great reviews on yelp for gearing me to this place, I don't have to walk around with scary looking brows.Although this place is a bit of a drive from me, it is tucked away near pan asian and not too far from $1 macarons at patisserie manon. So, I don't mind making the commute.My first time coming, I called in to make a reservation but they only accept walk-ins. Waits don't take that long anyway and there are about 4 different people on staff who are all experts at what they do. $14 for a thorough threading of the brows and a "lady-stache." Because I have never left this place unsatisfied, I have fully neglected waxing and have converted to threading. I'll definitely be a loyal customer until my hair follicles slow their roll.
5	Ah-maze-ing!! My eyebrows were uneven to begin with, i didn't even notice until they pointed it out. They look almost perfect now, it will take a few visits for them to match again. But I can't tell. Their work is incredible. Offered me a water bottle as soon as I sat down and got started. She took her time and was very thorough. She showed me in the mirror many times while she worked to make sure that was what I wanted. I broke out afterword but it's worth it for the work they do. Truly amazing! I will be back again!
5	If I could give this place more than 5 stars I would because they deserve it! I've seen both Marci and Gita, and both are EXPERTS at what they do! I made my most recent trip there a week ago after noticing my brows were a little uneven due to me getting a bit "tweezer happy". Marci completely fixed them, surprisingly without having to thread or remove too much. My brows now have a more subtle, clean shape which I love. This place is on top of their game! I'd highly recommend!
5	I thought I did this but I just checked in so I have to repeat...LOVE!! LOVE!! LOVE!! My 1st time threading was in California and this was my 2nd time, but 1st time here! I'm HOOKED!! Mercy worked on me and I love her...I know, so quickly? YES! She was concerned and gave me a wonderful arch that I didn't have from the 1st time! LOVE! Worth the drive whatever side of town you live on! Thank you LORD for this gift! #TheTinyThingsInLife :-)))
5	Fabulous Eyebrow Threading is great! I would recommend going there to anyone. They are very welcoming and friendly - always offering bottled water or tea (they want to make sure everyone is hydrated).  I recently moved to Vegas and was worried about finding a threading salon I would enjoy. Luckily, Fabulous Eyebrow Threading is close to where I live and simply amazing. I have gotten both threading and waxing done and it was terrific!
5	2 and a half years later I am still so ecstatic about this place and all the renovations. This business has definitely grown and changed so much for the better. The owners and their gorgeous baby son are so genuine and such kind people who make you feel at home and accept so much diversity. I have never seen an angry or unhappy customer here and the quality is 900% love you guys!!
5	No appointment,walk in at 1030 am. Walked out at 1045. cost 10.00 Had my overgrown eyebrows threaded for the first time. Just clean up and shape a bit.What a fantastic job. This place is very clean. Im going back when I have more time to get a facial. Good job ladies.
5	Finally a great eyebrow place! I have had my eyebrows threaded many times for almost 10 years, but finding a quality place in Vegas is hard. I went to one place that did a great job, but then he opened multiple new locations and quality was sub par. Finding this place is awesome! Mercy is great and I look forward to seeing her again. Really hope this place stays consistent!
5	Wow! Walked in with no appointment on a Saturday, only waited a few minutes, and paid $10 for a phenomenal, fast brow threading. This is my new place!! HIGHLY recommend!!!!
5	This place is truly fabulous. The best eyebrow threading I have ever had, I am a fan. They are really quick too and so nice. Good customer service goes a long way. Get yourself over here, you'll be glad you did.
5	Marci does my eyebrows.  Been there 2x already and my brows didn't need trimming until 3wks unlike other places that u have to go back after a week. Its not that painful too
5	Tonight was my first time getting my eyebrows threaded here. I had a bad experience with a previous threading place so my eyebrows were already screwed. But luckily I find this cute little place they fixed my eyebrows (which I thought couldn't be done) & I even got an amazing arch! I'll definitely come back & hopefully get lash extensions! Thank you!
5	They deserve every 5 star review that they get. Very personable staff. The girls are really great & precise. Prices are reasonable. I came here on a whim & I've been coming back since :)
5	I come here all the time to get my lashes and brows done! No complaints ever!! I have really hard eyebrows to deal with and they shape them perfect everytime!
5	I've been going here for awhile now. My first eyebrows threading wasn't here & I had a bad experience with that. I hesitated going to get my eyebrows threaded again, but I gave this place a try since it has great reviews.The first time I came here was good. Right when you walk in they welcome you & ask if you would like a bottle of water. I had a great experience my first time here & I haven't gone anywhere else since then.
4	I'm seriously thankful ( hey, it's the day enforce thanksgiving !) for yelp! If it wasn't for yelp I wouldn't have found out about fabulous eyebrow threading. I was in Vegas for the holiday weekend, and was in serious need of eyebrow therapy. I quickly checked the website when I arrived in town and found this place with excellent reviews. I seriously thought it was a fluke, but I was wrong... It was great!Unfortunately I didn't get the name of the woman who improved my brows, but she was just a nice as she could be. She was 7 months pregnant, and we just chatted about how she's coming along with her pregnancy. It took my mind off of the fact I hate threading.She chatted with me about my brows and how she was going to shape them. I know I have temperamental brows, but I was so happy she explained the process. It always takes me quite a bit since I have curly brows and they aren't uniform, but she definitely took her time to make them look great. She said I was her first masterpiece of the day, and they were.Thank you, thank you, thank you!
5	After moving to Summerlin, I wanted to find a closer threading place than the one I had been going to. I found Fabulous on Yelp and had to try them based on the reviews. I walked out saying "Fabulous", literally! Mina was fantastic and surprisingly her technique hurt so much less than the girl I have been going to I was shocked! I will definitely be going back and also recommending Fabulous to my friends and clients.
5	This was my first time getting an eyebrow threading and I was in a for a real treat. The second I walked in, I was greeted by three different people, all offering refreshments to me. I was taken in immediately and the lady who did my eyebrows (I forgot her name) was very gentle and held a conversation with me while she did her work. At the end, my eyebrows looked amazing and it was only $10! Great place with great people. I highly recommend.
5	Been going here a while now, having had my eyebrows done at a couple of different places. This place is the BEST. Mina did my brows and lip the last time, she is amazing. The people are so friendly and gracious, very welcoming.  I love that I'm supporting a local business by coming here too. Totally worth the drive if you don't live in this area though. Highly recommend you won't be disappointed.
5	Great place love it! The staff is so nice and they make sure to ask you what you like before they do anything on you. Wouldn't go anywhere else!
5	Yes, I am chronic when it comes to grooming myself.  Even during travel, I won't just wait until I get home, if I need my eyebrows done, I go do it.  Thanks to my fellow Yelpers, I found great reviews for this place and so I decided to try it out.  $14 total for brows and lip threading and it was fantastic!  I asked for a clean up of my brows, no shaping, as I like my brow shape as is. And then the lip area - don't want to be walking around looking like Groucho Marx.  No appointment, just walked in, and they took me right away.  In and out within 10 minutes.  The only thing that was a bit weird for me is that I walked out totally red around my brows and lip.  I only mention this as I usually don't have a reaction.  But about an hour or two later, the redness went away.  There was no pain or anything, my skin just got irritated.  I don't know, perhaps because I was extra hairy today?  Well, it's neither here nor there.  This place is definitely deserving of its 5 stars!
5	They did a fabulous job on me. A little too far for me to drive there and get my eyebrows done as often as I would like, but worth every time.
5	This is my go to spot ! It is out of the way from where I livve but it is totly worth it ! GO TO DIANA!!! If you love a good arched eyebrow she is the one :)
5	I've been coming here for eyebrow threading for over a year now. I'm never going anywhere else again! Marcy and Diana are both absolutely amazing and my eyebrows come out perfect every time. I never really care to write reviews or recommend a certain place, but if you are debating whether or not to go, I highly recommend you do and you won't be disappointed! :)
5	Soo happy that I found this place through yelp! All the reviews are right! The staff is very friendly & the environment is very welcoming. This will be the place I get my eyebrows & lip done from now on. So fortunate to have had Diana take care of me. She is amazing & so good at what she does!! I highly recommend her. Don't waste your time and money anywhere else! This is the place to go!
1	I hate leaving bad reviews but my eyebrows look like a high school student did them. The people here are really nice, but I am so disappointed in how uneven and incomplete my eyebrow threading ended up being. Maybe I wasn't lucky enough to get one of the recommended threaders. *tear*
1	Had my eyebrows threaded last night.  Just did my makeup and realized that they look like they were never done at all.  Had to snip some long stangs that was not showing last night. Because she wiped down my eyebrows down with alcohol right before handing me the mirror.  I usually like having the owners wife do my eyebrows.  But last night there weren't any familiar faces when I came in.  Lady behind the counter was new.  Not sure if it changed hands.  Looks like im going to have to get my eyebrows done again because the girl that did mine last night played it safe and just removed the hair around my brow but never really shaped them or gave me the arch I asked for, nor did she trim them much. They still feel bushy and long like I never went in to get them done at all.  Urgh!!!!
5	Came here with my girlfriend, it was her first time here. Really friendly and the service was great..i would recommend anyone to come here if you want to get your eyebrows done. Haha i will join my girlfriend and get my eyebrows done next time.
5	This place is so AMAZING!  I love everyone there and always feel so welcome. I usually get mine done by mearcy (owner) but at times she has been very busy or like recently out on maternity leave. No problem I have had 2 other gals and they did amazing they always have me look them over after they are done and are wonderful if you want a little more off or a little more arch there is no reason to leave here dissatisfied it's your own fault if you don't look at it correctly or don't say something. All staff is super sweet! VERY CLEAN they also have a boutique type side and they have ALL kinds of goodies. They always offer me water or coffee and 99% I don't get any but it feels very sweet to be asked and treated so nicely. They are always very fast I only ever go on my lunch break and have never had and issue with taking to long. I would HIGHLY HIGHLY recommend this place to anyone. Prices are great too!! -Very happy customer
4	I left my previous threader back in the Bay area and haven't even tried to tame the forest above my eyes since I left. But I looked in the mirror this weekend and realized something needed to change. So, naturally, I checked Yelp and found this gem!Stopped in Monday after work around 4PM, no wait at all, was immediately seated and the lovely lady began the laborious work of turning the giant, single fur caterpillar above my eyes into two separate, sleek and shapely brows. This process took slightly longer than usual- in a good way. Mandeep took her time with my brows and frequently stepped back to check her work and compare the two brows that were emerging from the thicket to ensure that they were symmetrical. Every so often she'd murmur for me to hold my hand somewhere for her, or compliment my super-thick brows, but soon enough we were done and I was presented with a hand mirror to check it out myself.I couldn't be more pleased! There was no pain, no redness, and more importantly: no more fur sprouting where it shouldn't. And for a mega-cheap $10, I was more than happy to tip well. I'll be back next month- hopefully my facial forest won't be too out of control next time.
5	Great place! Friendly, clean and best price in Vegas! It is kind of hard to find and a bit hidden behind a building so it's not visible from the street- fyi. Once you're there they offer complimentary coffee, hot chocolate, water... Etc. the girl saw me right away and did a great job, this was my second time here and I'm going to keep coming back.
4	These place is a hidden gem off Durango and  Desert Inn.  My eyebrows have become unbearable to look at so I got on yelp. They suggested this place and I am glad I did. The wait was not that long and their were three people ahead of me. Every one in the salon was nice and friendly.  They offer complimentary water, soda, juice and coffee as soon as you walk in. They are inexpensive and also sale glasses,  purses and perfume. I am definitely making this place my new eyebrow threader. Lisa did a fantastic job.
5	Gone to other spots because they're closed on Sundays and some holidays and I'll never make that mistake again best eyebrow threading hands down. And totally guy friendly
5	Went back to find Marcie...ahhhh....she fixed my brows.  Its like walking on clouds again.  She is really THAT good.  Thank you Marci for taking care of the situation like a professional.  Now this is what good business ethics is all about.  I wish more businesses in town cared about their customers like she does.  HAPPY DANCE!  Yay!   :))))
5	Love this place! A friend had introduced me to this place and now I can't go anywhere else and expect the same results. I get my lashes and eyebrows done here regularly and always leave happy. They know what they're doing and I trust them completely especially Mercy with my lashes! She makes them look amazing while still having them look natural. Not only that but they are so friendly and make you feel at home!
5	Thanks to Yelp, I found this place and I knew it was the one. I have only had the pleasure of getting my eyebrows threaded at Fabulous twice but will certainly keep coming back! I tend to do walk-ins and they immediately seat me and get to work on my brows. They cater to all your preferences and clean/shape exquisitely. The best part, the ladies are so gentle you barely feel a tickle. I've been to other places that just have me saying "ouch" every minute. My only concern is, after getting my eyebrows threaded recently I found two small but visible cuts on my upper right brow. I hadn't noticed until the day after when the cuts began scabbing. However, this won't stop me from coming back. The quality of service is very high. They also offer you complimentary bottled water, which is a nice accommodation.
5	5 stars, over & over. Although I have only been here twice, each time was.. well, FABULOUS! Never been a wait, when I have gone. Different girls, each time.. same great service. I have been a "waxee" forever.. I have fair skin, (even though it didn't hurt) after my session, my skin would be red FOR HOURS.. I tried this "threading" method, & I'll most likely never go back to the wax. It's amazing, the difference they make. I am blonde, so it is sometimes hard to tell if my brows are "bad" yet, ya know? By the time I walk out of there, I realize I should have been in 1 week earlier.. HA!  Astonishing shaping skills, love it. I drive 25 minutes out of my way, just to go here for my eyebrows. THANK YOU!
5	I found this place through Yelp. I used to go to another place to get my eyebrows done but I was not happy with the results. The lady seemed to always be in a rush and it hurt when she threaded my eyebrows. The staff here is friendly and takes their time even when it's busy. Im happy with the results and will keep coming back.
5	This place is a treasure, it's amazing and affordable. The service is incomparable, it's so personalized with such impeccable attention to detail. The quality and honesty of the staff ensures this place to be the best in town!
5	Can I steal Marcy and bring her to San Diego?  Pretty pretty please?  I've patronized so many eyebrows threading salons in both Las Vegas and San Diego and Fabulous Eyebrow Threading reigns supreme over all of them.  Marcy truly turns eyebrow threading into an art form.  She is meticulous and has an uncanny ability to shape eyebrows so that they complement your face shape perfectly.  I make a point to visit her every time I visit Vegas and always come out a satisfied customer.  Best of all she always remembers me and makes me feel welcome.  The price for eyebrows ($10) is also very competitive and a bargain considering Marcy's skills.
5	I love this place! Its my home away from home. Manju and Chand and their staff are like family. They create a happy family environment for customers. Prices are great, and they always offer expresso drinks and bottles of water. Also they now sell perfumes, jewelry, purses, and all sorts of goodies. All of the staff is excellent, and prices are great for waxing, threading, or whatever ladyscaping you're looking for. Highly recommend this place for all of your beauty needs. Love you guys!
5	Found this place on yelp and decided to give them a try. Marcie is great! I don't think I'll ever go back to waxing.
5	First time here today (04/08/2014) & didn't kno it was right up the street from my house so CONVENIENT. Was greeted right away & directed to Diana (LOVE HER) and she got me started right away. She made sure I was comfortable and kept adjusting me chair because I'm 6'2. I asked her to shape them & she did. After shaping she asked if I wanted more or if it looked fine & it looked perfect. Continued to the next eye then asked if I wanted them trimmed. I was surprised because I've been to places where I've asked & they don't trim, which is stupid but their loss never went back. I am DEFINITELY their new regular customer. The guy that checked me out I believe was the owner/manager & he was very friendly as well. Place was clean and I had 0 wait time. Whole thing took about 15 minutes. If you like talking to your waxers/threaders Diana is definitely the one to go to she's very easy going and can talk & thread at the same time
5	I originally came here to get my eyelashes done and tried the threading and will never go back to waxing!  The price is great and it lasts so much longer.  Manju and her team are the sweetest people ever and do amazing work.  You never have to wait long and the hours are great.  For eyelashes, most places charge around $40-60 for clusters and they charge $25!  What a great deal.  I highly recommend this place to anyone for lashes or threading!
5	Best place in town! I just moved to Vegas a few months ago and found this place on Yelp. I've never had my eyebrows threaded before (only waxed) and I was super nervous but Marci was amazing!! Not only does she do a fantastic job but everyone that works there is really nice too. This place is guy friendly and they do an awesome job!
5	By far the best place in town! I have never left not happy with my eyebrows. Marcy always shapes my eyebrows exactly how I want them. They have great customer service, I always feel very comfortable. I most definitely recommend them!
5	Place is great! Customer service is fantastic and my gf absolutely loves this place! She is always satisfied!
5	I love this place! I've tried several other eyebrow threading places and this one is by far the best. The girls here do a great job every single time. The service is great. Courteous, polite, and offering coffee or bottle water for all. I got my whole face threaded for $35 and it only took 25 minutes. I got a bottle of frozen water afterwards to help soothe my more sensitive areas. So thoughtful!Go here! Don't go anywhere else!
5	This place is out of the way for me. In fact, I pass at least three eyebrow threading places to get to this one but it is SO WORTH IT. I went in a few weeks ago for the first time. It was empty on a Monday evening so I was seated immediately. Diana is my eyebrow angel!!! I rave about her to everyone. Very detail oriented and truly caters to the uniqueness of your brow. There's a reason they have five stars. I won't be going anywhere else!!
5	I went here at the recommendation of a friend nearly a year ago and I'm really glad I did. I don't go very often because my eyebrows are pretty thin to begin with and I maintain them in between but every time I go my eyebrows look fantastic. With waxing my skin stays irritated for days and it never results in a natural shape; threading is perfect and the women at this place really know what they're doing and never take away too many hairs from my somewhat sad little brows. On my last visit I got my entire face threaded, and it was actually surprisingly tolerable! Any wincing or tearing up I do when I go here is purely involuntary, and I'm always immediately asked if I'm all right. Before I left I was given a bottle of cold water to help with the redness and irritation which helped significantly! My face looked and felt amazing... for a whole day. I got really bad bumps along my lip and across my chin, but that's where the thread broke more than once during the threading and I have super sensitive skin, so it wasn't a surprise. Despite the odd not-actually-a-breakout on my face, it was extremely easy to conceal with makeup.Fabulous Eyebrow Threading is one of those little gems that manages to give an amazing experience for minimal price. When I go back I might not get my whole face done again--it doesn't really need it, but it was so nice because my skincare products were absorbing so much better that way! But I'll be back soon for my brows because they need some shaping again, and I'll never go anywhere else.
5	Great place have been going to them for along time. Always friendly and clean. Manju does the best job and takes her time to make sure you are happy with the results!!
5	I normally go to eyebrow envy by my house. But I was never satisfied on how she did it. Since that was my first time threading I thought okay maybe this is it. This is the best they can do to my eyebrows. Because of how my eyebrows are shaped naturally so I always got them done there. I was searching salons on yelp and this came up and I viewed it since it has all five stars. I was very skeptical about it so I never went. Two months later (Today) I decided to go and OMG. I wish I had gone sooner!!! My eyebrows are amazing. This really deserves five stars. I will start coming here from now on. Yay!!! And I seriously love the owners. They run a great business together. Wish more businesses are like this. They really care about the customers and pay attention to what they want.
5	OMG can I say how much I love Marcy? She's the only person who has touched my eyebrows in years.  I suffered from over plucking as a teenager, and have been trying to grow them in for a few years.  Every place i went would take off my barely there area of growing-in-ness.  I told Marcy once of my issues, and she has always remembered.  My brows are the best they've ever been.  Her husband offers water and coffee every time, (which Ive been places for beauty services of over a 100 dollars and not been offered a drink).  Did i mention she's also worked through both pregnancies and has been to work like 5 hours later!! Marcy is the best, and really cares about her customers.
5	They have 164 reviews & they have all 5 stars. They're obviously doing something right!I absolutely love getting my eyebrows threaded here. Everyone is always so nice especially the owner. She actually cares about her customers & is really good at what she does.I definitely recommend this place.
5	This is by far the best place to have your eyebrows done period...I have been to so many places for waxing and a few for threading. I have had some ok and some awful experiences. I have a small scar on one eyebrow that seems to ruin every professionals day.  I am always nervous letting anyone near them...I once had someone take the end off and try to sell me makeup to cover it up...well Marci is so amazing that I drive 25 minutes across town to see her and will not let anyone else near my arches!  I have been seeing her for about a year and a half and will not go anywhere else! Imagine my devistation when she had her last baby early...let's say it wasn't too good for my brows..lol...I love that it's a small family business and they are so customer service orientated it's amazing because many business take their customers for granted... Not here! 5 star all the way!! So inexpensive I cannot believe that they offer coffee and water at each visit. Well worth the travel time for me!!!
5	They always do fabulous job. Sometimes there is a wait but to me that's a good sign lol...
5	I've been coming here for over a year, I'm lucky it's close to me,  this place is amazing. The people are so nice, you are offered water or coffee while you are waiting, or a water to go when you are done. Mina is awesome, takes her time and gentle, and my brows are looking great ~ gone from thin to nice healthy looking browswith  great shape. There is sometimes a wait, but totally worth it.  They have perfume, purses, and jewelry.  You really should check it out, u won't be disappointed!
5	This place is consistently great. Marcy is the best and she cares about your happiness with her work. I highly recommend!
5	This place is amazing.  I have been getting my eyebrows threaded here for almost 6 months and have never been disappointed.  Mercy and her husband obviously know how to run their business as both the service and atmosphere are always on point.  Highly recommend!!!
5	Best eyebrow threading in town...I forget the girls name who does mine but, she's only there on Monday's...she's amazing!
5	Marci is the best! She is super nice, friendly and so accommodating to her customers. Not only does she have great service, but what I like about her is that she tries to be your friend! It is a great mom & pops place and they bring their kids once in a while! It is nice to see a place where the owners are open to their customers about their family! I get my eyebrows threaded here! All of the workers are friendly, professional, and really good at what they do. For only $10, you can get your eyebrows cleaned and primed! I have also gotten some cluster lashed done here before for only $25 for a full set! If you want something quick and will last for about a week, cluster lashes are the way to go! Unlike individual lashes, they have clusters which takes about 20 minutes to put on and dry. They look great on and makes your eyes look bigger and sultry that you don't even need a lot of makeup on!They also have individual lashes now! It is by appointment only so the person who they hire comes to the shop and puts it on synthetic mink lashes on your eyes for only $120! It is a 2 hour process however, but if you are not new to this, it is the same time for the eyelash expert to put on. However, for synthetic mink lashes for $120 is a bargain out here!
5	Another great visit!!!! Thank you guys:) youre the best!!! Love my eyebrows!!!! Highly recommend you to everyone i know:)
5	I am so in love with this place! Not only because the atmosphere is so inviting, but also because all of the people who work there are really friendly and seem to care about your business. I got Mina, and I must say, wow! I don't know if she took her time because I was the only one there, but regardless she paid attention to every detail! She listened to my concerns because I had a bad waxing job (never again) and gave me such a beautiful shape to my eyebrows! I usually fill my eyebrows in because my hair is so light, but even when natural they look greaat! Definitely recommend!
5	OMG! I Love Marci. She is great! she is so precise when it comes to only taking off what you want. there's a reason why this place has almost 200 reviews and are all 5 stars! i will drive across town to visit Marci. Her and her husband are great. They even offer water upon arrival!
5	Marcy and Diana are the best! My eyebrows always look perfect when I go here! Best eyebrow threading place, and very reasonably priced.
5	Marci was super friendly and did a wonderful job. She even took the time to fill in my eyebrows with powder before I left since I was going out. Very thoughtful. I'll definitely be back.
2	I have to say from reading the reviews on here I was completely trusting of this place. I'm not sure if maybe the woman doing my brows was having a bad day, or maybe she was new, but I am not pleased with my eyebrows. She missed hairs that were completely obvious that I had to go back and pluck myself when I got home as well as some soft hairs on the side of my face where she had gone over (missed a small patch in between where she threaded). All in all, my eyebrows still looked shaggy and unkempt and I had to go back with my scissors to trim what I thought she did. There was a lot of people there so I'm sure this place has some great women working here but as for my experience I am not convinced. Maybe I should ask for a certain girl next time?I give two stars merely for their customer service. Everyone was extremely polite and offered water and tea to everyone who stepped through the door. The girl I had was very sweet, but being sweet don't get my eyebrows looking amazing!!!I'll give this place one more try and see if it's worth making it my go to spot.
4	I love this place. Second time ever getting my brows threaded. First time was in Utah and the lady that did it was fabulous but hurt like no other. Here Min ( I'm not sure if I spelled her name correctly.) did an awesome job and it barely hurt. I would say come here. They are cheap, friendly, and do a wonderful job.
5	Since moving to Vegas, this is the 1st place I have been to for eyebrow threading. I will have to say... I do not have to look or try another place. Refreshment beverages was offered to me when I entered and left the store. The staff is very professional and very kind. My thread stylist, Mina, did an amazing job! She consulted with me the whole time, making sure my eyebrows were perfect.  They did not try to "up sale" or offer any services that you did not come in for.
5	Love Marci! She is skilled and very polite!! She does a great job! Pricing is reasonable and they get you in and out quick.
5	Coming to this place almost four years as they do their job everytime wonderful. Always exceeding the expectation. Mercy, Mina, and Muna are putting up their skills for any eyebrow making the way you want. Believe me you will be happy every session you go through with them. No mistakes. All fabulous!
4	I've never had my eyebrows threaded, I've always been afraid of ending up with those pencil thin eyebrows that look unnatural. The place in definitely a no frills place but it's comfortable. The staff is so nice and friendly and accommodating. They fixed up my eyebrows just enough so they were clean and natural, I'm hooked now. If your worried about pain, it just feels like a little scrape each time they thread. After the first couple pulls you won't even notice. They are tucked away behind another building so don't drive by thinking it's not there, lot's of parking available, and there's never a wait.
5	Lived in Vegas for the past two years and this is the ONLY place I trust for my threading needs. Eyebrows... upper lip... chin... they do it all!! The staff is always professional, friendly, and courteous. Very welcoming whenever I walk in, always offering me coffee or a bottle of water. Customer appreciation at its best. Oh and as an added bonus, they also have a great selection of accessories, perfumes, and handbags.
5	Best place to get your threading done! Very friendly, the owner greets you right away, offering a refreshment and makes you feel comfortable from the beginning! Mina is gentle on your face and knows exactly what you need! Everyone is very friendly and makes you feel at home! Love it here!!
5	As soon as we walked in we were greeted by a gentleman behind the counter and he offered us water or tea. Super friendly guy he chit chatted with us while we waited. I only waited about five minutes so it wasn't bad at all. Marci did an amazing job with my eyebrows and it was painless. While I was sitting there we chatted about Brazilian bikini waxes. I ended up getting one since I was already there. Marci did that as well and I can honestly say that was the fastest and least painful wax I've ever had. I mean it didn't feel good but it was quick so it wasn't bad. I was super comfortable with her and I only knew her for five minutes. I'm definitely going back every time my eyebrows need some attention! This place deserves two thumbs up. I even drove from the Aliante area to see her that's how good she is.
5	I have been going here for a year now and absolutely LOVE LOVE LOVE this place! Marci is so amazing and definitely the best in her trade!! She actually listens to what you want and Her passion for what she does is apparent to everyone!! I would recommend this place to everyone!!
5	Great service and very knowledgable about eyebrow shaping and skin health. Will return when in Las Vegas!
5	I have been going coming here for over two years. The service is amazing! I feel very comfotable here. The staff always does a great job and the salon is very clean. I Love that they offer your a drink and the prices are not overly inflated. I wish they had more locations because it can be tough to make it to that side of town regularly for me.
5	The. Bees. Knees. This place really knows their Yelpers. Not trying to be creepy, but if you've ever left a review, they know you by name. I told them about the "traumatizing" experience I had at a place close to home last time, which is why I came to them. Reviews from Yelpers I trust (thanks Stephanie S., Cathy C. and April D.) led me here. I was even more excited when I saw that Stephanie S. was the duchess here. It brought more piece of mind, and I certainly wasn't disappointed. I'm not particularly picky about my eyebrows, but the last girl that did them made them bleed and they were swollen for days. Guys made fun of my eyebrows. GUYS! I wasn't sure that I was ever going to do it again, but SO happy with my brows now; they've got a cute little arch that I never asked for before but looks fabulous. I especially liked that the threader had me lay back down after a close inspection, it made me feel like she really cared that they looked perfect, even if I didn't.The only thing that would make this place any better is a stamp card. Just sayin'..
5	There is no other place to go, it's that simple they are the best hands down.  I have been going here for almost three years, every two weeks consistently. Every visit is like the first, perfect service and perfectly shaped eyebrows. Marci is truly the best!
5	I've had my full face threaded a couple more times since my last review so I wanted to update. When I told Marci about my reaction the first time she was so friendly and helpful about making sure it didn't happen again, or that it was at least much more minimal in terms of irritation. She forgoes the witch hazel now and after threading she applies an oil they typically use for their esthetician's clients and she even told me to come in on the weekend if I had any major breakouts to see the esthetician, which was really reassuring--it's a great sign when a business owner is so serious about helping you out. She also recommended applying plain yogurt to my face as soon as I got home, which she said her Armenian clients swear by, and sure enough it made a HUGE difference! I can't stand the smell--not a yogurt fan in general--but I can stand it a whole lot more than breakouts.I figured out through a bit of my own research what the breakouts are, too. Rather than actual whiteheads they're these little things called milia which I've always gotten but never in clusters or breakouts, so it took me a while to recognize them. I leave them alone and avoid harsh exfoliants following a threading session and they're pretty easy to bear, but I think if they ever get aggressive like that first time again I'll take Marci up on coming to see the esthetician. It's a relief knowing what my skin is actually doing when it reacts, as well as knowing that Marci is 100% there to make the process as comfortable as possible.I really do recommend Marci for full face threading. With eyebrows, the other girls will sometimes be a little more cautious and not shape them as much as she would, but I have small eyebrows so it never bothers me and my eyebrows always look better leaving than they did coming in. For the full face, though, I find Marci makes it go by a lot quicker and pretty painless--or as painless as having a bunch of little hairs ripped out of my face can be, that is. :) It's understandable because she has much more experience with threading and if your skin isn't as sensitive as mine, don't hesitate to let the other girls have the chance to work on you! They are all incredibly sweet and friendly and once Marci told them about my skin being sensitive they were constantly checking in with me and with Marci to make sure everything was going well.
5	I have been going there for years. The only place I can trust with my overly delicate skin. Marcy is simply amazing. Not only are they skilled, but they are the most wonderful people as well. The offer you a drink every time, polite, and friendly. Great prices, great people!
5	I love this place!!! They're always so friendly, offering water or coffee as soon as you get in! Very professional and  always does a great job with my eyebrows. The owners are very personable!!!!
5	This is a great place for grooming. The couple who owns the place are very sweet, sociable & professional. Highly recommend this place to everyone!
5	Came in for brow grooming. The couple that owns this place were both very kind and accommodating. Will be returning.
5	Marci is the best!! She's listens to exactly what you want! Thanks to Marci my eyebrows always look great! Her husband Chand always very welcoming and very nice!!
5	I went in mid day on a Saturday and was helped immediately! Quick, exacting, and they really want you to be happy. Talking with you and getting your eyebrows just right, helped ease the tension. Highly recommend!
5	I love this place. I have to get my eyebrows done about every 3 weeks. Mercy is fantastic! She is not too hard on your skin and does a great symmetrical gone to your liking. I'm always in and out within 15 minutes. Everyone who works here is so nice and welcoming. I will go here forever!
5	Everyone here is so very polite, they remember my wife and who her favorire stylist is, they always offer me complimentary water or coffee while I wait for my wife. I never hesitate to bring her here when she askes me. These people know how to treat their customers. Awesome customer service !!!!!!!
5	I love Marcy !! Who doesn't ? Great place to come get your eyebrows done !! Highly recommend it !
5	Okay.... So the wonderful owner reached out to me after my review to have me come in to redo my brows at no charge. Manju took time to do it herself as well as explain the error that occured. She explained that the girl working was new and they were very busy so she was unable to have her shadow someone. I understand that people must learn and of course the best way to learn is experience. Manju (Mearcy) did a great job evening out my eyebrows. One was a little shorter and thinner but she was able to make them look much more similar! She also threaded my whole face because I am going to Havasu this weekend and have to look amazing of course! She was fast and talked to me like a person not just like a customer. My most sensitive area is my upper lip but the way she threaded did not make me feel half the pain I usually do!!! I'm so glad that I came in again and have this place another shot. This is a business that truly understands that their customers are what make them so successful. It's very clear that this salon only wants people to have the best experience as well as continuously coming back KNOWING they are getting the best vegas has to offer. This is now my go to place for threading :D
5	I go to Marci every time! She's been a life saver, since my first visit, she's told me to grow them out and told me which area not to touch to make them grow nicely. My mom even wants to come back and try them out. Honestly, the best threading place I've found! The way she threads is painless and she talks to you through it. Their entire staff is friendly and offers waters as soon as you walk in. I'm beyond satisfied every time I walk out! No more eyebrow troubles for me!
5	For the first time going I really liked this place! I'm glad the reviews on yelp helped and I made the right choice in picking this place to do my eyebrows, and Marci did an amazing job! I will be requesting her on my next visit, I recommend this place!
5	So I finally found my eyebrow gurus in vegas!!! I hesitated on getting my eyebrows done for a while because I had lost my shape after going from place to place and I let them grow to thicken and fix my shape...I remembered this place from a few years ago and decided to try it out again.... I couldn't be happier that I decided to redo my brows here the girls and owner all were so attentive and made sure I got what I wanted... I will be back to maintain and upkeep thank you!!!!
5	Came here based on Yelp reviews...I will definitely be a repeat customer. Marcy did a full face threading for me and I cannot say enough how pleased I am with the results. I trusted her judgement on how my brows should be shaped. She did a fantastic job.One of my brows isn't as filled in so she shaped it and then added brow powder to make it look fuller. My brows have never looked so good. I also found the whole threading procedure to be quite relaxing. Another plus is that they are so ok with walk-ins.
5	I have been going here for about 1 year....it is the best threading salon in Las Vegas....everyone is so friendly....they always welcome me back as soon as I walk in the door and always offer water or tea
5	I have to say this place is incredible when getting my eyebrows threaded I can't do a single thing I'm guessing it from the high quality thread they use not like other places that make eyebrow threading the bad experience.
5	Celeste, the best individual eyelash technician I ever came across. I have being so many places to do my individual extensions, but I was extremely happy with the result I got. Not only she use top quality mink lashes but also the glue she use is very expensive medical glue that very few people using in the town. I am soo happy that FABULOUS EYEBROW THREADING start the individual extensions, I can do my brows and lashes do in the same place in one. It's feels like you with your family the way they treat you the best when you getting to the place. Highly recommended!!!
5	I just moved to Vegas & tried this place based on the reviews. They were so right! The service was EXCELLENT & even though I was a walk-in I had no wait. The lady that did my eyebrows (didn't catch her name) was FABULOUS! She had me check the first eyebrow to be sure I liked it before moving on to the second. They look WONDERFUL! I'll be back in a few weeks!!!
5	My sis and I we loveee this place! Very friendly and perfect eyebrows every single time!!!!
5	Merci did a great job with my eyebrows. There was no wait, I just walked in and was seated right away. Service only took 10 minutes. Also had my cluster eyelashes done with the check-in deal. I usually get individual lashes but figured I can try it. Again, service was quick and my lashes look like a thicker natural look. I have short lashes and thin lashes, so everything looks thicker on me. Merci recommended to do short to medium at the end of my lashes. I like the look. Only negative is that the glue smell is very prominent after 10 minutes. I hope it fades away soon.Overall: place is clean, staff if very friendly, service is quick and quality is great. For this price, I will definitely come back!
5	Found this gem after reading the reviews on Yelp. Marci does a fantastic job to clean up both my brows and my upper lips. I come in about every 3 weeks by tweezing a few stays (not many) because she is so through and really gets in there to shape you up!  Super nice customer service and easy in-and-out. Recommend it :]
4	I've been going here for about 1 1/2 years now. As long as I get Mercy to do my eyebrows I'm very satisfied! I've tried twice to allow one of the other ladies to do my eyebrows and it just wasn't done right. I was just there yesterday and was told Mercy was on vacation (bummed), but decided since I was there I'd give the other girl a shot...bad move! She was actually very nice and patient, but also very inexperienced. I had to give her instruction a couple of times on the shape not being right. She would thread 2/3 of my brows and pluck the other 1/3. She tried really hard to make it right and with much more practice she should do well because she seemed very willing to learn. I tried to sleep on it and wait until the next day thinking maybe I'm just too used to Mercy doing them...nope, I still hate the shape of my brows! My husband will be coming home after being gone 2 months and we have tickets to go out this Saturday, so I think I'm going to go back in tomorrow to see if Mercy can reshape them.
5	I trust no other place than Fabulous Eyebrow Threading to get my eyebrows done. I'm pretty sure I can go to any threading technician there and trust that my eyebrows will look great. The people who own the place are very friendly and always offer beverages before and/or after your visit (especially if you are waiting). This is a wonderful place and I get eyebrows done here all the time!
5	Just went in for the first time ever getting my eyebrows threading and am extremely satisfied. I'm officially converted from waxing to threading. Kind people, good work... What else do you need? Did I mention I walked in and was in and out in ten minutes?!
5	This's the most beautiful and cleanest threading facility you ever come across. Not even the look inside here, people who work here do threading are skillful and know exactly what they doping. Specially, when they do threading every ladies handle the thread similarly on my face. Make minimum pain and cleaner more than waxing. I never go back for any hair removal method than threading, or never go back any place than FABULOUS EYEBROW THREADING.
4	Marci is the woman to see. She and her lovely husband own this place and theyre both awesome. Marci does a fantastic job with my brows, heck i even get my whole face done usually. Be prepared for a wait on any given day, because everyone wants marci. Also, if you're in the market for some replica bags and original fragrances, i suggest you come take a look here first.
5	My reaction to the work Samith does is "WOW! AMAZING!!" my eyebrows look so clean! I found this place thru Yelp and I went there without an appointment.  I saw several women go in this business. When you come in they offer you a bottle of water and they tell you how many people are in front of you. I waited less then 10 min! I sat on the chair and she asked me how I wanted my eyebrows.  After 10-15 min she was all done. I took some before and after pictures.I highly recommend this place, they have great customer service, they do an amazing job with eyebrows and it was only $10! You cant beat that!
5	I've been coming here for about a year now, my girlfriend recommended me to Merssi and hands down she is the best! Very friendly atmosphere I've never been disappointed when walking in or the service provided. I defiantly am a regular!!!
4	Great staff very welcoming and great job on my eyebrows. I was in a rush so i wasn't able to browse the mighty purse selections but ill definitely be back. Happy customer
5	Everyone is super friendly and they always do a great job! They are always open the hours they have on the door and that's a big plus!
5	Luciana did my face today and I am absolutely happy! So gentle and quick! Definitely seeing her again in two to three weeks
5	My new go to place for all facial hair issues! :)Popped in today on a walk-in basis with a friend early in the morning.The staff was kind and courteous the whole time, after offering bottled water, you're seated and prompted to what you would like done.The eyebrow+Ladystache threading is only 14$! It was my first time being threaded, and the whole process was way less painful than I thought. I dare say that it hurts less then waxing, except for sensitive areas under my eyebrow and mid lip!I requested a more fuller, straighter brow, and the sweet woman who did my brows (Didn't catch her name), complied and made my brows look fabulous, tamed, and cleaned!Don't knock it until you try it, but I know I won't go elsewhere~
5	They did an amazing job! They're really nice and their customer service was above and beyond. Definitely going back!
5	Pretty much the only place I trust with my brows. Never disappointed. Everyone is always super nice and friendly!
5	These folks do an awesome job. Being a guy, I'm a bit nervous when it comes to getting my eyebrows done. My lady friend said that I needed to address the situation above my eyes. The first thought that I had was waxing....I've seen 40 year old virgin, not happening.I was a bit worried, the gal that did my eyebrows was someone that I had not worked with before. She was great though. I asked her to do what she would like the most and go from there. 10 minutes later, I was very happy.For other reviewers reference, they take cash or card only and they do not have a problem taking in as many walk-ins as possible.
5	The fabulous eyebrow threading located at South Durango &  at Location in Alliante in North Las Vegas is doing such a great service to customers that each person is fully satisfied with the beauty service done for such & keeps coming back . I call it the Beauty Shop . At  HENDERSON  in  Las Vegas Nevada  this past Sunday  before Thanksgiving of November  27, 2014 is the GRAND OPENNING Of THEIR BRAND NEW LOCATION AT HENDERSON  THE FABULOUS EYEBROW THREADING ! WOW! WOW! WOW! CONGRATULATIONS !!   Chand  Manju  Preya  Daya  Nari Mona Mina & to all  other service personnels!  A Geat Job done very well! Since I live in ALLIANTE I go there. I am a regular customer.they do my Eyebrows Upper Lip  & Chin . Fully Satisfied ! GO HERE! DONT GO ANYWHERE ELSE!  This is Catalina B.
5	This place will change your life around!! They always do an amazing job!! You'll never want to go anywhere else again!
5	4 YEARS LATER. This is still my favorite eyebrow place! I don't even live here in Las Vegas anymore and I always still come here when I visit. I even wait to come here because Marcie is that great! I noticed every time I come to get my eyebrows threaded, there is always a 15 minute wait for Marcie! But I always wait because she is the only one I trust with my eyebrows! When you first walk in her husband Chand is very nice and offers you water or coffee while you wait. When you finally see Marcie, she always asks how you would like your eyebrows. Which I love because other places would just go to town on your brows without even knowing what you want! I love chit cheating with Marcie when she does my brows because it seriously eases the pain! If you haven't tried this place you will not be disappointed!
5	I've been coming here for almost 2 years now...mercy and her staff are amazing at what they do! So happy to have them here in town.
5	This place is great! Liked the staff, very friendly and eager to serve. Didn't pretend or make me feel ashamed since it'd been a while since I last had some maintance done. The art of threading relaxes me, yes it's a bit rough at times, but the pain is minimal compared to other things, say like tooth extraction! There are a lot of other products for sale including designer bags, very pretty stuff, worth looking at. Will be back for sure!
5	Very nice place, excellent customer service. Marci has become a friend more than a eyebrow stylist. Since the first time that I went there I felt like I was going to see a friend. She was sincere and professional about what I needed. Overall great feeling when I left the place. I was so impressed with it that I asked my husband to go with me next time. Today when we arrived Marci welcomed me with a big smile. A gentleman that was behind the counter offered to my husband water or coffee and noticed that he was carrying his iPad so he offered the wifi password. My hubby was very pleased with the great customer service provided to me and to him after all I want to beautify myself for him. Thank you guys for making us feel good. See you next time.
5	Moved here from LA a few months ago. I was sad to have left my eyebrow lady who I had been going to for years!! I started looking up threading places when I got to Vegas and was lucky enough to have found Merzi and her amazing staff. The reviews brought me here and sure enough, she does an amazing job each time. They are BIG in making sure you feel very comfortable in their establishment and that is very important to me. I HIGHLY recommend this place to anyone and everyone looking to fix or shape their brows :)Thank you Merzi and staff!
5	I'm a huge fan of another shop in the Southwest, but I happen to look at all of the great reviews about Merzi and her salon so I figured I would give it a try. Wow! I'm so glad I did. I'm very particular about my eyebrows and she was spot on; not a single hair was left behind. I also have to give them a shoutout for the thread they use. I read that it came straight from India and its aloe infused. I can definitely tell the difference. I'm breaking up with Eyebrow Envy and making a long term commitment with Fabulous. Yay, Merzi!
5	After giving up waxing due to a handful of 'mishaps' and my skin being scarred (hair not growing back correctly) I started threading and wanted to stick with one place. This is definitely the place to do so. I have went to nobody but Mona for the first half of a year I was out here and magically, my eyebrows grew back perfectly to how they once were in the past. Since, I haven't went anywhere else and my eyebrows have been perfect thanks to Fabulous eyebrow threading! All of the staff are very experienced and offer a clean and relaxing environment. A+++
5	I've never had my eyebrows or face threaded, always waxed.  I will never wax again after visiting this shop.  Ragi was my threader and she was terrific.  I will go back again and again to this shop.  Everyone is so very nice and welcoming.
5	I joined Yelp just to write this review because I had such a good experience here I felt I must! I had seen that Fabulous Eyebrow Threading had a high review rating, so when I went to Vegas I booked a nearly full body hair removal (i.e. legs, arms, underarms, Brazilian, eyebrows and lip). Luciana did all the waxing and Mercy did my eyebrows.I've got to say my least painful Brazilian waxing ever! Luciana managed to do a flawless job with less than 10 pulls. I was very very impressed. I'm just disappointed they aren't based in New York. Had they been so I would be going to them regularly.On top of all that, when I asked if they could order a taxi for me they instead very kindly offered me a ride so that I don't have to wait around for one and they drove me back to my hotel for free. So kind. Mercy & Luciana went well above and beyond in their level of service.Honestly thank you - keep up the amazing work!
5	Excellent service and they did a better job shaping my brows than the place I frequent in the bay area. I will definitely bookmark this place when I visit the Vegas area.
