3	One of the few fast food places that is always fast with breakfast.  Choice of biscuits, "fricuits", etc. are a nice alternative to other breakfast options from most of the competition.  Reasonable prices too.  Safe area.
1	This location has fallen very far from the tree.  Absolutely awful service.  Hardly anyone was in the place, and the employees acted like it.  One of the employees walked around the entire place touching walls and surfaces and in general being abnoxious and even brooming the floor before he was about to serve us food WITHOUT WASHING HIS HANDS.  We watched him touch a dozen other surfaces and serve the drive through without washing his hands.  It took us much longer than usual to get our food.  All of the fries were mushy.  This location has gone down the toilet.  They were missing menu items and didn't tell us before our purchase.  We had to remind them of the price difference to get a refund.  I asked the cashier, "is that guy going to wash his hands, before he touched our food?"  The cashier told him to wash his hands, and then proceeded to handle our food despite having his fingers all over the register and everything else.  We will not be eating here again.
4	I went here for a quick breakfast and had a great experience! This store was the cleanest I had seen with great service. The food was quick and fresh. I will go to Wemdys more often.
2	Food still good, until I used the NASTY mens room.. Barf. Cmon, I should have checked the restroom the first time I was here. Disgusting.
2	Used to get combos meals a lot, but lately I've only getting the food from the 99 cents menu.  All the hamburger portions are so tiny, don't really think it's worth the money eating here anymore.  Frosty drink is always good, no matter what size you get, I can never get enough of it.
2	I like Wendy's and I think their food is generally better than the bunch, but this location is BAAAAD.  Don't get me wrong, the employees are friendly and try to be helpful, but there are two large problems with this location; the employees lack training and 50% of my orders come out wrong.  Wendy's mails coupons to my home, and often this location hands out coupons with orders, but EVERY time I went to use a coupon at this location, they have no idea how to enter it.  They almost always say their don't have the button on their cash register for it, but I have to believe its poor training, or a complete lack of any training.Second, at least 50% of the time, the order I get is wrong. At the drivethru I'm almost always missing at least one item which I don't discover until I get home.  In the store, items are wrong as well.  Again, lack of any training seems to be the problem, and a high employee turnover at this location also seems like a problem.
1	Typical Wendy's fate. HORRIBLE service. The staff here all seemed to be operating in slow motion and in a state of drug addled confusion. WTF?!
2	I work in the same complex as this Wendy's, and with limited fast food around, I wind up here quite a bit for lunch. I've been at my job for the past four years. And let me tell you, this Wendy's has always been awful. The staff are far from friendly. I've stood at the registers while they chit chat near the back with not a care in the world. They look up, see me, and continue on talking. The manager is the rudest manager I've ever encountered. The staff is monotone. There's a new worker every few weeks. They're always hiring, and now have signs all of the windows, doors, the counter where you order, and all over the table. They're desperate. And it shows in their work etiquette why they are so desperate for new workers. The food, though? It's just like any other Wendy's. I personally prefer the location on Tatum & Bell, though.
2	Second time they got my order wrong. If you go to this location, stop in the lot and look through your bag.
3	Do you remember when Jr. Bacon Cheeseburgers used to cost a dollar. Those were the days. You remember when a gallon of gas used to be ten cents? Me neither.Anyway, Wendy's will always be my favorite of the lower-end fast food chains. In the quality, cost, quantity matrix, the big W wins every time. It provides the most bang for your buck as they say.This particular Wendy's is about average. Well-maintained with decent service, it's not a bad little lunch getaway.That's all for now. I'm going to go pour frosty all over my chest.
