3	(Dreidel bagel song?)I love a softwich bagel,baked with Asiago,And when it's cool and ready,a supreme club I will swallow.Oh, Bruegger's love your bagels,especially on the go.I've just got 30 minutes,then back to the office I must go.Um, yeah, so what if it doesn't rhyme, keep with the beat, and is lame.  The Supreme Club with cheddar and red peppers on an Asiago softwich slathered in honey mustard rocks, even if I don't. :)
2	"Meh.  I've experienced better" is exactly right.  While the bagels are somewhat tasty (I would hope they have this recipe down), service is SLOW (takes a healthy 10 minutes to get a bagel and coffee with 1 person in front of me) and everything is on the pricey side.
3	I am pleased with Brueggers.  Quick and inexpensive food that you can eat if there is nothing else you are tasting.  I need those "fall-back" places for times that I am ambivalent to the world.  Today, we ordered the following items:Butternut squash soupChicken spaetzle soupHam egg and cheddar on toasted onion bagelChicken chipotle club on toasted onion bagel minus lettuce (use the Turkey Chipotle Club as a base)Being from Florida, the soups were a hot welcome -- I was SO cold today.  The chicken spaetzle soup -- think chicken noodle with the noodles replaced with dumplings -- was rather good.  It wasn't too salty and the spaetzle wasn't mushy.  I wouldn't rave about the flavor of the broth, but I enjoyed what I ate.  The butternut squash soup, while lumpy and stringy, had a nice flavor with a slight piquancy to it.  It is amazing that the butternut squash soup can taste better at Bruegger's than at Season 52.  Since I am picky and finicky about what I eat, I special ordered my chicken bagel-wich.  It took a little bit longer to make, but I am used to that -- it's a special order, what do you expect.  The staff was up to the task and were all blunt and to the point with everything they said; my kind of people.  By no means gourmet, the bagel-wiches still had good flavor.  There was no undue piquancy in the chipotle, just some flavor to compliment the chicken and the tomato.  The addition of the toasted onion bagel was nice.  The ham, egg, and cheddar was average; but for being in downtown Pittsburgh -- and unable to make it home -- it is a passable substitute.  I will definitely return.
3	Bruegger's is a mixed place of win and fail. Well, not so much fail in food, but in being so pricey.Their bagels and sandwiches are delicious enough to warrent spending the money, though.One last thing, and I'm not sure if this applies to all bruegger's or not, bit this particular one always burns their coffee.
2	Being from NY, I know bagels (I also baked bagels when I was a teen).  This place is a fast food bagel shop.  Kind of like Dunkin Donuts or Tim Hortons, adequate but not great.  I got a whole wheat bagel with cream cheese.  It kept me going until lunch.
3	This place is delicious but its is fairly expensive. The morning bliss deal (bagel w/ chesse & meat +orange juice) for $5 is very good but isn't much of a deal. To get filled up you need to spend $7+. This place was conveniently located at the corner where the William Penn Oni Hotel was (where I was staying). I wouldn't go out of my way to go here.
3	We came here on a sunday morning before heading out on the town.  The lady behind the counter was so nice and friendly.  She chatted us up while she made our breakfast sandwiches.  We got the Fresh start deal which saves money but more importantly has maple cream cheese on the sandwich instead of the other cheese.  This was fantastic.  ~5 starsWe went there the next day and got pretty much the same thing but with the regular cheese and it was meh.  The order taker was different and was not as good. ~2 starsThis averages out to about 3 stars.
2	It's convenient, I'll give it that!Went here to get a bagel and a drink.  The bagel was mediocre, a little bit old but whatever.  The drink was overpriced, but whatever.  Then I saw a dessert bar.  Oooohhh!  That looked so good!   I asked the lady if there were nuts in it (I don't have an allergy, I just don't like nuts in my brownies or blondies....that doesn't make me a monster!  Or does it?)Anyway, she didn't know if there were nuts in it or not.  I manned up and got it anyway and it was delicious.  I didn't taste any nuts (no comments from the peanut gallery) so my vote says "no nuts".Anyway, if you need a bagel and you're nearby, this should meet your basic requirements.
3	As out of towners in a new city, we found some place comparable to an Einsteins. The place was good and quiet on a Saturday in the city...in the morning. It had been a while since I went to a "Bagel Joint" and i would say it did the job in filling my tummy but it wasn't spectacular.
3	This is an average bagel shop.  They do have a nice Trio deal.  For $6.99 you get a bagel sandwich, soup or salad and a drink.  $1 more for a cookie.  This Bruegger's won't let you get the softwich with the deal.  The one on Smithfield will for 50 cents more.  Small amount of table seating.  They have plenty of coffee or tea and is convenient.  You can get the unlimited coffee mug for about $175.  Lasts 1 year.  They need to change their soups more often.  The chicken and rice soup is too heavy.
4	I'm a little surprised at the low rating. honestly I had a lot worse food than this in Pittsburgh, i'd say this deserves at least a 3.5+ based on the food quality alone. ok the service staff is a little incompetent, but come on the food was good!  and for a grab and go food place, to me the food outweighs the service. I really liked their soup, I had the chicken wild rice, didn't at all expect to be impressed but I was! and the rosemary bagle bites that came with the soup are delicious too. Bagle was good too. will be back for sure.
3	Bruegger's is connected to the building where I work. So, anytime I need to grab something quickly and it's raining or snowing outside, I come here. The food isn't spectacular, but it is dependable. You can create your own salad, and they usually have three soups to choose from. Because I'm not a big bread eater, I normally stick with soups and salad, but I do hear the bagels are delicious.The chicken they use for salads looks and tastes like mystery meat, so go for the ham or no meat at all. There are a variety of veggie options for salads, so I usually do veggies. You can also add nuts, dried cranberries, or diced apples.Today I had the chili because I was craving something hearty. It was nice and spicy, and I could visibly see the chunks of bell pepper in the soup. I would definitely get it again on a cold day.This location is convenient to almost anything on Grant Street or in the vicinity of the William Penn Hotel. The interior is on the small side, so if you want to sit during lunch, come at 11 or after 1:30.
4	The bagels and sandwich we had were good.  The menu was a little confusing. The service was quick and the prices were reasonable.
4	Nice convenient coffee and sandwich shop. The food is good and prices are reasonable. Staff is friendly. Only draw back is it gets pretty crowded at lunch so lines can be long.
