5	I walked into here and all I could say is wow... They have everything you could imagine that pertains to firearms and if it isn't on display they can get it. The staff was super friendly and knowledgeable as well. They had great prices considering that some of the firearms are either in high demand or NFA/Title II, you gun peeps will know what I'm talking about. Oh yeah, they sell cans aka suppressors too, for both pistols and rifles and they have ALL the manufacturers on hand and on display. Definitely worth a stop if you're in the area and I'd recommend them for your next serious firearm purchase.
1	First off, All I can say is this place is full of "Gun Store Commandos". People that think they know about weapons and gear but have actually never used them in a real world experience or everyday application.Horrible customer Service, very High prices and all the stuff "they say they have in stock", isn't!Oh, and I love how after they acted like it was a hassle to help me out and then I find out they didn't have the right parts, they proceeded to bad mouth their direct competition (Scottsdale gun Club, right next door....which I suggest you go to), that had excellent customer service, decent prices, and everything I actually wanted!!F!!! this Place!!!!!!!
5	We told William we didn't come here to buy a gun (just to look around) but he was still VERY VERY helpful and encouraged us to hold the weapons we thought looked interesting and take photos. He is a wealth of knowledge and is eager to help. For instance, who knew that you could legally own an automatic weapon and a sound suppressor (silencer) in Arizona??? Really cool shop!
5	A buddy told me about this store so I decided to check it out the day B4 the 4th of July and was surprised they were even open.  As soon as we walked in I was greeted by one of the staff- he asked if there something he could help with.  I explained to him I had just purchased a new Colt AR and wasn't familiar with this platform and if he could help me out with his ideas.  I think his name was Matthew, he spent almost 2 hours explaining to me the different options and the pros, cons and cost of each. There was no pressure to purchase any of them. He just wanted me to make a good decision based on what I expected from my rifle. I think he was having fun talking to a 'AR newbie'.I did purchase some cleaning items and other critical essential items. The cost I later found out was about the same as buying online and I could take it with me. One item I bought was a sling ring. This required removing the rear stock and nut.  I found out that the nut was staked and I couldn't move it. I call the store, Matthew stated to bring it out, and he would install it at NO CHARGE!!!I would highly recommend this store and will use them again.
1	If you need a good laugh, go next door from the Scottsdale Gun Club to see this store. When I went in on a Saturday late afternoon,  it was run by a bunch of kids(I'm thinking 18 ). While this isn't necessarily funny ,watching these stooges definitely was! One kept pulling out his gun and cocking it (who knows where all those bullets went.. or if he caught them all). Two of the employees had a conversation like this: First employee:"So,  how's your AIDS coming along?" Second Employee" You know I'm telling -insert girl's name here- that you want to screw her."  As I walked around the store,  no one asked if I needed assistance,  but  that one guy sure was becoming an expert on pulling his gun and cocking it. Hmmm. hopefully they all have a family business they can fall into, otherwise our tax dollars might be supporting these fine young citizens in the future.
3	Great selection at reasonable prices!US Autoweapons is conveniently located next to the Scottsdale Gun Club on Northsight and offers a wide selection of both handguns, as well as rifles, and as their name implies auto weapons.  Yes, they have AK-47s, as well as M-1 Carbines and a pretty good selection of SIGs and other 9 mm/ .40.  But bring your checkbook because that Audie Muphy looking M-1 will set you back $3,000.  My law enforcement friends really seem to like the place, so it can't be all bad.
4	Another outstanding store in the Scottsdale area. Although I wasn't as impressed with selection and layout as I was when I walked into the Scottsdale Gun Club next door, this place was far less busy and still had an excellent selection of weapons and accessories.  This is definitely the kind of place that will allow you miss the hustle and bustle and get some real undivided attention. The pricing appears to be competitive with that of their competitor next door as well.  Residents of this area are extremely fortunate to have shops like this.
5	Just got back on this saturday afternoon and I am extremely impressed with this shop. Its clean, great floor plan, clean cases. The staff is excellent as soon as they finished with their current customers I was greeted immediately. Told them that I was looking for a Ruger SR40 which all they had was the compact version, the employee I worked with suggested a FN FNS40 and wow, it fit me perfectly. I mentioned I'm really just looking around until I have the funds and he continued to answer questions and even suggested using them as a FFL dealer if I still wanted the Ruger. We BS'd for a bit, shook hands and told me to keep researching until I found a gun that would work for me and said our good byes. I'll definitely be using this shop, and its worth the long drive to north scottsdale.
5	As a longtime handgun owner I had been looking to make my first AR-15 purchase for several years.  Having been in and out of numerous gun shops and gun shows I found the process to be very exhausting and intimidating.  I then strolled through the doors of US Autoweapons and was extremely impressed.  The staff actually took the time to help me find the best firearm for my needs and my budget.  I have never been in a gun shop where I have not been rushed or talked down to when asking questions.  They really took the time to address all of my questions and I left feeling completely satisfied with my purchase.  They took the time to fit the gun with all of the accessories I actually needed to have and spared me the costs of buying the accessories I didn't really need.  Aside from leaving there with a bad-ass Colt M4, I also left there $1,000 under budget.  I would recommend this place to any first time gun buyer as well as  the seasoned gun enthusiast.
2	This place is pretty neat. I have never seen a gun retailer focus primarily on automatic weapons. Upon walking into the store, you can see the varieties of weapons they offer. They have anything from your traditional AR-15 to the more hard to find stuff. I think I saw a few Uzi's. I'm not an automatic weapons guru, so excuse my lack of expertise here. I visited this store to try and score some .40 S&W ammunition. At first I felt like an idiot, because why would a store that sells larger caliber fully automatic weapons carry such a small caliber bullet? Well, don't laugh at me quite yet! They also sell hand guns, though, since they focus on automatic weapons, they don't have a huge selection of hand guns. Fine by me. So...I'm giving this 2 stars because of the service or lack thereof. When I walked in I could see that there were two employees working. One seemed to be in a pretty intense conversation with a customer toward the back of the store. The other guy working was helping a customer with some large automatic weapon. IDK what it was, but the customer looked like the Godfather. The customer kept asking really weird questions, to which the employee would respond the best he could. There was another gentleman and I waiting. The employee had several opportunities to say, "I'll be right with you" or to ask what we each wanted. I mean, all I wanted was ammo, which would have taken like 5 seconds for him to get. Anyway, he finished up with the Godfather and began helping the other gentleman. Again, I noticed other opportunities where the employee could have asked what I needed or given me some sort of acknowledgement. The gentleman waiting just before me was kind enough to tell the employee that I just needed ammo and that was it. The employee asked what kind and I said, ".40 S&W." The employee responded, "Sorry, we are out." Come freaking on! I waited like 25 minutes for you to tell me you're out?! Ugh! That's extremely frustrating! And for that frustration, you get a 2 star review. Why not a 1 star? Well, I'm tempted but I can tell the employee knew everything there was to know about automatic weapons and the store was very clean and neat. I guess those are moot points if you mistreat your customers. Oh well. I'll prolly stick to getting ammo from other places.
5	I stopped in to browse and left with a quality rifle. I have always been pleased by the service here, even when they are busy. This day Nicko helped me and my wife out and got us a rifle at a great price. I was surprised that even with guns flying off the shelves this year their prices were just as good as some of the big online gun sellers. Thanks again Nicko for such a great buying experience, I look forward to doing business again.
4	I was contacted by one of the management staff who extended an invitation to see how the store truly operates and to even talk shop if I had the time.  It's refreshing to hear of  management that actually cares about their reviews and is pro active in cultivating their customer base.  I may have to stop by again.
4	My favorite new gun store for sure. Nikko & Mark know how to treat customers. Thorough, attentive, professional, and yes, fun! Bought 4 guns here today and have to say it was my best "gun shop" buying experience ever.
3	This place has a lot of nice guns, but holy smokes are they expensive!  I was shopping for a Glock 19 Gen 4 and visited over a dozen places around town including this place and it was one of the more expensive places.  I don't mind opening up my wallet, but when there are other options available, I won't do it.  They do offer one of the best selections of high quality guns under one roof...most other joints don't have as much inventory as this place.Return Factor - 75%
5	Top notch quality customer service.  My hubby and I went in with a lot of questions,  after we had already done quite a bit of research.  The men that helped us were attentive, knowledgeable, and NOT pushy salesmen.  We looked at HK, Glock, Sig Saur, and S&W in 9mm, .40, and .45 mainly.  We were going next door to rent and try out some guns, but wanted to make sure we knew what we wanted.  If the gun we decided on was available for purchase here, we would have bought here!
1	Ordered from them last night and the next day they turned around and said it was a computer error and that they really "didn't have any in stock". BS. Don't remember exactly what it showed last night but was around 200 when I ordered. The next morning after their cancellation email it now shows 189 and the price was much higher. This does not smell like a computer error - but more like they made a price mistake and blamed it on the computer. I call BS - if they can't even admit when it's a human error... what else will they lie about.
4	My favorite new gun store for sure. Nikko & Mark know how to treat customers. Thorough, attentive, professional, and yes, fun! Bought 4 guns here today and have to say it was my best "gun shop" buying experience ever.
