3	A couple of friends and I ventured downtown this morning for breakfast, intending to eat at the Silver Spoon Cafe, located inside the Hotel San Carlos. Surprise, it was closed- as it has been every single time i've gone past the place. But, as luck would have it, the other restaurant on the premises, Copper Door, was open. The dining room is really nice, and the staff is great. The menu is small and straightforward, with a sampling of fairly traditional American breakfast items. Eggs Benedict, Huevos Rancheros, Biscuits & Gravy...you get the idea. The prices are good, with entrees ranging from $5 to $8. I had the Hashbrowns entree- hashbrowns mixed with onion and pepper, with a little cheese. (It comes with sour cream, if you're so inclined) It was okay- tasty, but dry. The portion was really small, but I can't complain too much for $5. My dining companions had the Eggs Benedict and poached eggs with fruit, both of which got full-mouthed approval. I had no idea this place was even open for breakfast. Give it a try. It's tasty, without the grease of that *ahem* other place down the road.
2	So the husband has taken my yelping as a mission to find new and better places recently. Going to the Copper Door was his idea, but I won't hold it against him.On a Sunday night for dinner this place was EMPTY. Well, not completely empty, there was one other couple in the entire restaurant.  The atmosphere is beautiful: wonderful photographs of old Phoenix, a baby grand piano, and the most beautiful ceiling tiles I've ever seen (not that I make a habit out of looking at the ceiling).We both ordered the iced tea, and it was incredibly delicious.  I have a feeling that they add just a shriggle of sugar to cut down on the typical bitter flavor of tea, without making it sweet.As Maria F. states, the menu does claim to have vegan options.  I saw three that were labled vegan, although one contained honey.  I would doubt their understanding of what is vegan food.Then came our meals.  Mine was the artichoke and cheese stuffed ravioli with shrimp, or at least it was supposed to be.  When the waiter brought out my dish, it was just  plate of raviolis.  I thought at first that I misunderstood, and that maybe the shrimp was inside the pasta.  So I tried to cut open the pasta and I had to put muscle into it.  To my dismay, no shrimp.  I told the waiter that I ordered shrimp, he looked confused and said he would be back.  He came back 3-5 minutes later to say that he would take my plate and be back.  About 10 minutes later I get the same dried-out, hard pasta raviolis with 4 shrimp.  The waiter said he put extra on.  Extra what?  The husband's well-done burger was medium at best.  While I was waiting for my food, he said that he had eaten better and larger burgers at Seamus's next door.Luckily, the waiter didn't charge us the full $17 for the man's undercooked meat patty and a side of cottage cheese, just $10.  And he didn't add the $5 to my $17 dish for the shrimp, not even the extra one.  And the hostess saw us at Seamus's afterwards and was dissappointed about our experience.  She was very helpful, nice and gave us a 15% off coupon for lunch which she said was very good and not as pricey.  I might give them another chance, but it won't be at dinnertime.
3	Great place to watch a University of Iowa game if you are in the Westside PHX area.  Its like the Hills have Eyes on that side of Phoenix, but the Westgate area, where this bar is, is cool.Looking for more Iowa Natives to review this bar, though.
5	I just went to the bar to meet some friends for happy hour after work and we could've stayed all night. The bartender was awesome! Very attentive, made a great mojito and funny as hell! The happy hour special were decent, nothing amazing but the people watching was good. Mostly conventioneers swirling in and out for a cocktail before dinner. The ambience was nostalgic and warm and there was a an old war movie playing on a projector screen in the lounge to the side of the bar. I like this hotel bar for starting a night out if you're in downtown and are not in the mood for all the celebrity owned sports bars.
3	I've yet to try the bar at this place, so this is more a review of the restaurant part of it. I was pleasantly surprised to find a restaurant in the Hotel San Carlos and even more so to find that it was reasonably priced. Let's face it, the food is spectacular but it's completely worth eating there because of the space and the atmosphere that it conjures up. The place does evoke memories of film noir or pre-war romanticized cinema and for that I definitely give this place props. Considering that it's like pulling teeth to find anything older than fifty years in this city makes the Copper Door all the more special.Like I said, the food is decent but nothing to break an arm over. Haven't tested the bar, so that has yet to be reviewed. Go there for the experience the history that you feel pulsating throughout the walls of the ballroom.
4	Cute little bar. Inexpensive drinks.
1	I called, and the associate on the phone informed me that the Copper Door is OUT OF BUSINESS!Thanks a lot. I just bought a $25 coupon to this establishment from Restaurant.com two days ago.
4	About a week after my initial review, I received an email from Abby, customer support with Restaurant.com and she hooked me up with a replacement voucher.
