5	My first experience with this establishment was unfortunately an emergency situation.  I had driven by it many times as it was close to my home and I had the phone number but they had moved.  To their credit they directed to their new location even though I was pretty hysterical on the phone at the time.  All turned out well, thank goodness.  I now rely on them for check ups, shots, etc.  The vets are very caring and they give you fair treatment advice options depending on the situation.  And they follow-up, which I appreciate.  They have a pharmacy on the premises and boarding at reasonable prices.  They also have some specialty/prescription dog food, treats, trinkets, bowls, etc.
1	the nurse was rude and insensitive the vet was kind and understanding. i didn't like the place i think they need to learn a thing or too about people and thier pets not everyone was like that but one of the nurses in the front office totally had no heart when we were there for a dying family memeber i dont recommend this place i didn't feel the love or caring feeling from the staff except from the vet and the nurses i nthe back
5	I have been there three times in the last two months. My first visit was for my friend's 14 year old dog, who was having balance problems and rapid eye movements side to side. They quickly diagnosed the problem, prescribed an antibiotic, and she was fully recovered in 2 days.  Dr. Shaver is excellent, and the cost was reasonable.  The next visit was about a week ago. Same dog, but this time she was quivering and unable to get up. They ran diagnostic tests that ended up costing $550 for the tests, IV, shot, X-rays, etc;. An estimate was given to my friend first, so they are up front about the costs. I think it may have been a large expense for a dog that age (the dog was really old with other medical problems also), and perhaps they could have recommended euthanasia, They wanted her to take the dog to a weekend animal hospital, which would have cost another $2,000 or so. I understand their intention to provide care for animals, but the expense for  the tests was a lot, and once she declined to take the dog to the animal hospital, then they said that euthanasia might a possibility. We took her home, and she died peacefully 3 hours after the visit to the clinic.  The third visit was a few days ago for a routine exam of her 6 year old Shih Tzu, and a Bordatella spray. All went well, and they trimmed his nails also. The bill was reasonable again. I would highly recommend this clinic, however, be sure to know that you will be spending a lot to do full diagnostics. Their office visit charges are reasonable.  The two doctors we saw were very knowledgeable, compassionate and professional.  The vet assistants are good also, helping out where they can.
5	Dr. Lopez and Dr. Shaver saved my dog's life!  When my Maggie developed seizures suddenly, we took her to our regular vets who recommended a variety of meds.  Then, a few days later, when she started developing new symptoms and was getting sicker, those vets were unresponsive to our concerns.At the 11th hour, we were referred to Cheyenne West where they immediately took blood tests in house and let us know that all of her blood cell and platelet counts were so low that she was near death.Dr. Lopez took Maggie under her wing as if she was her own dog...researching possible explanations and treatment options even though she was on vacation the next day.  She called us often with updates and information.  Dr. Shaver took over Maggie's care while Dr. Lopez was away and the care was just as fantastic!  Together, they helped us bring her back to health in record time...and celebrated the success with us, as did all the staff.In fact, whereas Maggie was always desperate to leave our previous vets' offices, she can't wait to get inside Cheyenne West to see all the staff!I've been the mom to dogs for five years...I wish I had met Dr. Lopez and Dr. Shaver five years ago.  I am glad I know them now.
5	Dr Shaver rocks! I haven't met any of the other vets, but Dr Shaver is always responsive, knowledgeable, and I've never felt like she was trying to gouge me or guilt trip me. She's been a huge blessing to me and my furry family. And now that I live far away, I still make the drive because I can't imagine finding any better vet.
5	My irrepressible beagle began having single episodes of suddenly yelping in pain when he jumped up to take treats from our hand. I took him to another un-named vet in town, who diagnosed him with an ear infection but they said his teeth looked great.  When I got him home, I noticed - no - he clearly had a rotten front incisor.  I took him to Dr. Hewitt and Cheyenne West for a second opinion, because he had the reputation of being THE veterinary dentist in town.  Rather than just having an ear infection, Dr. Hewitt discovered Harley had a herniated disc in his neck AND multiple bad teeth AND a serious heart condition!  I can't say enough about Dr. Hewitt's owner-side manner - he took a lot of time thoroughly explaining to me what my options were as far as treatment and the possible fatal outcome of my pup's heart condition.  When Harley went in for surgery to extract 8 bad teeth, and started having palpitations during surgery, Dr. Hewitt had a cardiologist lined up to do a phone consult while my dog was under anesthesia.  Top notch care.With Dr. Hewitt's help - we've finally got a diagnosis of his heart condition, removed his bad teeth, cured his herniated disc (without surgery) and he's been one stable and happy pup for months now!
5	I was referred here by a friend who couldn't say enough good things about Dr. Hewitt. My 11 year old rot lab mix had 3 rather large growths, 2 on his legs and one on his chest that needed to be removed immediately. Upon meeting the Dr. He immediately made me feel at ease and explained absolutely everything to me. Clearly he loves animals and his job!I took him in on a Tuesday morning for an eval. Then luckily there was a cancellation on Wednesday for a surgery so I quickly booked it. Everyone there is very friendly and helpful and the surgery was a complete success. While he was under they also cleaned his teeth, expelled his anal glands and trimmed his nails which hasn't been done for 7 years since he wouldn't let anyone touch them. Surgery was yesterday and he's getting back to normal and sitting here with me at work so I can keep an eye on him. I'm definitely going to be a customer for life at Cheyenne west for both of my dogs. Hope this helps anyone who needs it..
5	Unfortunately I have spent a lot of time at Cheyenne West lately. We adopted a cat from Dewey Animal shelter in February. Cheyenne West is one of the places that gives free checkups for cats adopted from the shelter, so we brought him in to get checked out. I could tell that something did not look right with his ears. Dr. Lopez discovered he had an ear infection. It appears he's had chronic ear infections for quite some time, so I had to bring him in for a few followups. The infection is now gone. They never charged me for the followup visits.My other cat has also been spending quite a bit of time at the vest. About a week or so ago my wife called and said that he was foaming at the mouth. I told her to take him in right away. They were able to see him immediately. Dr. Lopez called me to explain everything that was going on with him and to explain our options. He ended up having to stay a couple of nights there. Dr. Lopez called to say it appeared he had a severe case of pancreatitis. She explained everything in detail and again gave me my options. When I picked him up they sent me home with an antibiotic. He looked very bad. I don't think Dr. Lopez or I thought he would make it through the weekend. He wasn't eating or drinking. They game him an appetite stimulant and pain medicine. He is still on the road to recovery, but he's eating, drinking, purring and about 90% better. I thought for sure I was going to lose him. I am very grateful to Dr. Lopez for helping pull him out of the woods.
5	I've been with Cheyenne West since they were actually on Cheyenne! Dr. Hewitt is a wonderful doc who specializes in dentistry. He gave my 12-year-old Shepherd mix a root canal, and she's been great ever since. He's also a patient and kind all-around vet. Dr. Lopez is an absolute angel - she will get down and love on your pet before she begins any examination. The entire staff truly loves animals. No matter who you work with at this hospital, you can feel confident that your furry family member is getting the best care. They also board and have a supply of pet products for sale.
5	I can't say enough good things about Dr. Hewitt and Dr. Lopez and their fabulous staff at Cheyenne West.  I have spent many hours with vets after being a special needs foster for shelters and rescues, so I've seen the spectrum!I was referred to them by a friend who used to work there as a tech, especially because of Dr. Hewitt's specialty in animal dentistry.  They are always friendly and helpful, and were very kind when I had a beloved cat get diagnosed with a chronic disease.  Both doctors spent time with me discussing different options and diagnostic tests, and were wonderful with my pets.  When my cat's tests results came back, Dr. Hewitt spent close to a half hour on the phone with me explaining each result and what they meant.  I was so impressed with his "bedside manner" and how he handled such a complicated case.Their pricing is very competitive and will help you file a claim if you have pet insurance.  Even though I moved 40 minutes away, I still make the drive to this clinic because they are so fabulous.
5	Thank you Yelpers for steering me to Cheyenne West.My two dogs see Dr. Lopez .  She is fantastic.  *Edited to add - had interaction with Dr. Hewitt and Shaver during an emergency and they are equally fantastic.  During a 2nd emergency (dog injured himself), Dr. Lopez kept us calm and took care of getting us an ASAP referral to a terrific surgeon.What a great facility.  Large, very clean, spacious, complete with a pet food section and pharmacy.   From the moment you enter the reception area, you feel welcome and you know your pet is in good hands.  Jacqui and the other medical support team members give my dog a ton of love to calm him during the check in process.  The Health Technicians are friendly and efficient.Dr. Lopez begins each visit by actually getting down and playing with my dogs; lots of loving and focus just on the dogs.  Only after she establishes rapport with the dog and puts you at ease does she begin the exam/treatment.  It's like talking with a friend while the exam/treatment takes place.  She carefully explains anything she is doing, asks lots of questions, gives a lot of good information, and invites you to be very pro-active and participate.  She is so calm and loving with my dogs; I just can't imagine taking them anywhere else.  Even when taking the dogs for a vaccination, she spends time with them and you to answer any other questions you may have.On my first visit, I fully expected this type of care to come with a huge price tag.  I was more than pleasantly surprised at the very reasonable fees.  I would not hesitate to recommend Cheyenne West to anyone who wants good and personalized pet care.
5	I looked up this vet hospital based on Yelp reviews and the reviews are spot on.  We have been taking our mini dachshund here for over a year and have always had great service and reasonable veterinary advice.  We had a couple of scares (our dog ate an adderall that fell on the ground, I found her with a roach trap in her mouth, and another time I thought she had a bladder infection) and each time the veterinarian always gave us options on what we could do and was never pushy about a treatment. Actually, several times I was the one who insisted on further testing to be done just to make sure that our pup was alright and healthy. The regular shots/check ups were great and seem to be reasonably priced.  We had her spayed last summer and all went well except they shaved her stomach too high and a patch of fur still hasn't grown back and looks like it never will.  Oh well, at least it's on her tummy, lol.  Still giving this place 5 stars.
2	Cheyenne West was the Vet we could always count on, until the moment my dog caught a skin virus on her nose. I brought her in and Dr.Hewitt was the one to see her. He barely looked at her, it was like he didn't even care and just gave us a prescription that actually made it worse! I went to another Vet for a second opinion and he fixed her right up perfectly. I don't care if he was having a bad day, it's that one mistake he made for the reason why I will never return here with my Pet. Even if PIMA claims Hewitt is the best Vet in town, obviously he is not.
5	I don't know why I wrote 6 reviews before reviewing this place. I have two cats, and I've been bringing them here since 2005 (although the building was off of Cheyenne Ave until about 5 or 6 years ago.Very good receptionists and doctors' assistants, but the doctors and surgeons are beyond great. I took one of my cats to have her eye removed (infection), and I still shake my head over how good the surgeon was (her name was Dr. Lopez, but this was a few years ago). I myself have had a bunch of surgeries, and there's always been some sort of post-op problem (minor infection, etc.), but this eye surgery had no problems at all, none. Amazing.Our regular doctor (he also does surgery on pets' teeth, but we haven't needed that yet), is Dr. Hewitt, and he is also very good. I have one cat who doesn't like to be picked up, and one who is very skittish, but both of them like Hewitt, even when he probes and prods them.The only complaint that I have is on the prices of the prescription food. A can of their cat food costs more than a can of tuna fish, which I think is crazy, but what can I do.On the other hand, Dr. Hewitt has given me a lot of breaks on our office visits.Their new location is just down the block from my house, so that's always a plus.Overall, my cats like it there, so that's all that matters.
1	I have been to this vet a handful of times with my dog and once with my parakeet and I never had an issue other than that they are a little pricey, that is until this past Saturday.  The lady with short blonde hair at the reception desk was VERY RUDE, no smile or greeting when I walked in, just asked me for my dog's name.  The technician that took us back was somewhat friendly though and the doctor was just so-so.  My dog was getting two vaccinations and his anal glands expressed along with just an overall check-up.  When the technician took him back I asked if they could clip his nails as well (I assumed this was a courtesy as every other veterinary clinic I have been to will do it at no extra charge when you bring your pet in for other things).  Not at Cheyenne, they charged me $18 for a nail trim that wasn't even as good as I could have done myself.  I called when I got home and looked at my bill to make sure that was correct and another rude receptionist confirmed that it was.  I also received a quote to get my dog's teeth cleaned and it came to almost $400, and that is only if they don't have to do any extractions.  The doctor said the procedure could easily run over $700 if there are teeth that need to be pulled.  When I was trying to check out I had to put my dog down on the floor and he lifted his leg and tinkled a little bit (he is a small Chihuahua, so it wasn't a lot).  That same rude receptionist with the short blonde hair just about came unglued when I told her he had peed a little on the floor.  She got up from her seat in a huff and marched off to get a mop, bucket and wet floor sign.  You would have thought my dog was the first dog ever to pee on the floor in that office.  I apologized again and she just said "you just need to keep him away from the corners".  Unreal!Needless to say, I will not be going back to Cheyenne West and I will never be recommending them to anyone in the future.
4	We too have been with Cheyenne West since the days when they were actually on Cheyenne. When we "interviewed" Dr Lopez for the job of taking care of our kids she got right down on the floor with them and exhibited the kind and very gentle demeanor that we find essential. She is very good about explaining all the complicated facets involved in veterinary medicine.  They are not the most reasonably priced clinic in town but we find value in the amount charged. Just be patient with the front desk staff. They are the only weakness we have found. While not quite rude, they are not overly friendly either. Simply efficient might be a kind way to describe them. We are on our third generation of pets with Dr Lopez and we trust her with their lives. What more can I say...
1	I AM RE-POSTING BECAUSE MY REVIEW WAS REMOVED.  I have been to this vet a handful of times with my dog and once with my parakeet and I never had an issue other than that they are a little pricey, that is until this past Saturday.  The lady with short blonde hair at the reception desk was VERY RUDE, no smile or greeting when I walked in, just asked me for my dog's name.  The technician that took us back was somewhat friendly though and the doctor was just so-so.  My dog was getting two vaccinations and his anal glands expressed along with just an overall check-up.  When the technician took him back I asked if they could clip his nails as well (I assumed this was a courtesy as every other veterinary clinic I have been to will do it at no extra charge when you bring your pet in for other things).  Not at Cheyenne, they charged me $18 for a nail trim that wasn't even as good as I could have done myself.  I called when I got home and looked at my bill to make sure that was correct and another rude receptionist confirmed that it was.  I also received a quote to get my dog's teeth cleaned and it came to almost $400, and that is only if they don't have to do any extractions.  The doctor said the procedure could easily run over $700 if there are teeth that need to be pulled.  When I was trying to check out I had to put my dog down on the floor and he lifted his leg and tinkled a little bit (he is a small Chihuahua, so it wasn't a lot).  That same rude receptionist with the short blonde hair just about came unglued when I told her he had peed a little on the floor.  She got up from her seat in a huff and marched off to get a mop, bucket and wet floor sign.  You would have thought my dog was the first dog ever to pee on the floor in that office.  I apologized again and she just said "you just need to keep him away from the corners".  Unreal!Needless to say, I will not be going back to Cheyenne West and I will never be recommending them to anyone in the future.
5	After carefully screening online where to bring my furbabies for their checkups,  and reading the good reiviews on yelp and elsewhere, I decided to bring them here. I wasn't disappointed.  This is the best animal hospital I have been to. Dr. Hewitt is fantastic. I will not bring them anywhere else as long as he is there to care for them. Thank you for your great service , and your kind and caring way about you. You guys are great!
4	I found this hospital here on Yelp as it is 2 miles from our house. I took a dog we rescued off the street in and they scanned the chip and Loulou, the receptionist, helped me get a hold of the previous owner who turned out to be horrible. Since we ended up keeping the dog we decided to bring her back for her shots and checkup. The staff of the hospital is always very nice and the facilities are very clean. The only recommendation I can make is they offer a lower cost service for spay and neutering.
5	We've been here twice and both times the staff and vets were excellent. We will definitely be making them our regular vet.
5	I feel very fortunate to have such a great animal hospital 5 minutes from me. At first, I took this clinic for another pushy to sell you this and that vaccine and what not but after Dr Hewitt performed oral surgery on my dog I am happy to say this small-ish hospital is unique in Las Vegas. Great service. Dr Hewitt is the man to go to for anything oral/dental with your pet. I am grateful for his skills.
5	Amazing first visit. Loved the staff and the vet. It's nice to find a vet both the humans and the dogs feel comfortable with. Thank you for being so patient with my very vocal and hyper babies.
5	I can't say enough about how lucky I feel to have this veterinary care right around the corner from my house!I echo the sentiments about Dr. Lopez; not only did she take the time to get to know my pet and to make him feel comfortable, but she also took the time to talk with me about my previous experience with vets--which is, unfortunately--quite poor. Beau, a big sweet pittie mix, was a bit sensitive about his back legs being examined and about shots, so she took him in back so that my presence didn't rile him up further.My other pup has had a history of fear aggression--and the entire staff has helped me get her situated. They've all welcomed me to work with her, and helped me find the resources necessary for her. She loved boarding here--which is truly saying something!
4	Cheyenne West is a great vet office!  We took our cat here for a check up before we move across the country with her.  We needed to get a check up, updated vaccines, and some happy pills to make her more happy during the 19 hours we will be in the car with her.  Everyone we encountered was super friendly and helpful.  The front desk staff was nice, the vet tech was friendly and good with our cat, and the vet was just awesome.  You can tell they all really like animals and enjoy their jobs.  Nice!We also had a great sit down with the vet.  He gave us a ton of info about all of the new vaccines and tips on traveling with a cat.  He spent a lot of time with us and made us feel valued.  Our usually snobby cat even really liked him.  Go figure!The reason I didn't give this place a 5 star rating was we were really late going back for our appointment.  I think we finally got called about about 25 minutes after our appointment.  Everything else they did was fantastic!I would recommend this vet office to anyone with a furry family member!
5	I love this place and have for so many years. Brian, Annette, and all of the doctors  has saved so many of my pets.  When it finally wasn't possible to save them, they helped them transition in a loving and caring manner. I cannot imagine a more sympathetic and empathetic group of talented people. The kindness they show for even the simplest of visits is amazing. Brian is the best, I trust him and the rest of the doctors and staff implicitly.  Every single person there is a star, from reception, to the techs, to the pharmacy, every single person there is exemplary!
1	I love Cheyenne west & I have taking my pets for years! I love all the doctors & assistants they are all great & treat my babies excellent! The receptionist(s) need to work on their people skills though, the past few times I have been there I have not been greeted they do not speak to me first, not even to pay my bill
5	Moving here in 2002 Cheyenne West was our first contact for our little Gizmo, he lived with them for over 2 weeks, while we waited for our home to be completed, the experience was terrific. They were all like a new family and treated our little guy like he to was part of their family. He has passed and we now have two Havanese babies. We have seen all of the doctors at Cheyenne West and as they all have individual personalities, I cannot say one is better than another, they are all very loving, caring  professional and are there to do what's in the best interest of our pets. We've been through a lot with these new additions of ours, from braces on one of our dogs that's not a typo, to eye surgeries on the other and the quality of care is top notch, which is my priority. No need to continue on and on, I would definitely recommend Cheyenne West, I have trusted them for years with my babies and you can too!!!Thank you, all of you at Cheyenne West, you're all wonderful and the girls love you too!!!!
5	WOW, excellent Service. My Dog is treated well here. Very friendly staff. I think you do good work. Sorry for my english..
1	All about money that's all you need to know and hopefully is self explanatory toAnyone thinking about going here and I would rethink it very seriously.
5	I am extremely happy with Cheyenne West.  It was suggested I go there b/c of their knowledge of basenjis, so I went to my first appointment less than a year ago, and I was taken with the help and knowledge of the staff.
5	I moved to Las Vegas in 2007 with our two cats and Airedale. Needing to bring one of the cats to the vet, Cheyenne West was suggested to us. The treatment was great, no long waits, clean and organized office. As our other animals had medical needs we continued to return to Cheyenne West. They helped me comfort my 15 year old cat and extended his life a month longer, giving us all a very special time with him. Always loving and kind to my Airedale, who spent many nights kenneled there over the years. They have been wonderful with our newest additions, Bruno and Goliath. Bruno is now 4 and after that first visit where they came out cuddling with him, I knew it would be the only place to continue to take him for kitty cat health care. Goliath has been going since day one and is now a whopping 8 months old, and Dr Lopez just has given him the best care. If anything, I have the healthiest pets! The staff is so considerate to each pets individual needs, I could not think of taking them anywhere else!
5	I felt like I should write about these guys because they deserve the five stars. This is mostly a thank you to them, as we moved a little while ago and I wanted to find another vet closer by in case of any emergencies. No one really wants to drive across town with their little one in any pain...let alone enduring the yowling during any car ride. So yes, we moved, but not because of anything negative. The staff at Cheyenne West are great, friendly, and genuinely seem to really care about your pet! They always played with my kitten after her visit and gave her treats to eat. Might I add that Dr. Hewitt is absolutely the nicest and most competent doctor I've ever had the pleasure to take the little one to..? Plus, he even donates his spare time to helping out even more animals like lions and tigers! That's just plain awesome. But, whoever you choose to look after your fur baby, rest assured everyone has a kind heart to offer. Thank you for taking care of O'Malley everyone at Cheyenne West!
1	42 dollars for nail trim and anal gland expression is highway robbery! Unfortunately I am not returning, I had good hopes about them. Service wasn't anywhere near the cost
