4	Saw this place in downtown Buckeye while going to the Post Office.  The place doesn't look like much from the exterior (Sonic Drive-in meets post-war Baghdad?), but the food is REALLY good.  First, we got a red chile fry bread ($6).  The fry bread was freshly made, crispy on the outside & fluffy/chewy on the inside - just like the fair.  And then there was the chile...wow.  It was different than most - lean shredded beef rather than chunky cubes, swimming in a slightly spicy yet flavorful red sauce.  Super yummy.  The bread held the chile like a little swimming pool of pure win.  We also got the FB # 1 special ($8), which is four small fry breads covered with red chile, green chile, beans & cheese, & ground beef/beans/cheese/lettuce/tomato.  Each one was delicious.  The small fry breads were about 4" each & they kinda felt like super amazing fresh versions of Taco Bell's Chalupa tacos.  The meal was finished with a chocolate fry bread($4.50).  Their standard fry bread was topped with a drizzle of chocolate syrup & powder sugar.  It was nice & the bread was great, but could have used a bit more chocolate for my taste.  Overall, this place is a real find for us.  Great home-made food at reasonable prices.  Don't be thrown off by the exterior...this place is fantastic & deserves some attention.
5	YUMMY!!!!!!  Seriously in my neck of the woods when something new comes in HOLY EXCITEMENT.  This is fantastic.  What a treat.  You can't have it all the time but every once in a while you just know that this is going to satisfy your everything.  I had the pleasure of having home made fry bread from a friends mom and was pleasantly surprised and then this comes in to my area.  SCORE!  Hubby and I ventured down and got down to business.  I ordered one of the sampler platter deals.  In my opinion this is the way to go.  A little bit of everything.  Nothing has been bad.  We even tried the dessert sampler.  Hubby was alright with it but I was ALRIGHT with it!  It's good.  I hope they stay.  Please support this business.
5	Very good Indian Tacos and the dessert fry bread is a must have!!  I love the Arizona one and the one with steak and potatoes.  The sampler plates are fun to try, especially if you are with more than 1 person.  This place is great!!!
5	This place is so wonderful! Jesse and his crew are friendly and fast! My favorite, the Chicken Mojito, is the closest thing to Godly that you can get! The homemade red sauce is amazing! I hope to see them move into a bigger establishment with indoor seating in the future.
5	Please note that they are now at 425 Western Avenue in Avondale (between central & litchfield next to the post office)  We stopped by right before they had to move out of the Buckeye location and learned they were moving closer to our Goodyear home.  It was also mentioned in the WV View - but it would be easy to miss the move and it would be no fun to drive out to buckeye and see an empty building.Very enjoyable place.  The owners/workers are friendly and the food is worth craving.I love the Arizona with their hotter sauce.  I agree the samplers & deserts are a great way to try it out.  Don't sleep on their soups either which are solid.Haven't tried their quesadillas yet though.Glad they are a little closer - although my wallet & arteries may not appreciate it.
5	We drove the longway way home from Arizona to California to eat here--boy was it worth it!!!  We were 6 adults and the only patrons at this small (I suspect former A&W) drivethrough.  Our order was large--and they did not disappoint.  Each frybread was a perfect fried cloud, not oily/greasy.  Most of us had the traditional filling which was tasty--the only improvement would be a bit more heat but that's easy to fix on your own. The citrus chicken and vegetarian nopalitos were very good.  The chef came out to meet us--we exclaimed our joy at his abilities to fry consistently perfect.  He said it took him many months to determine the right dough amount and fry time--I believe him.  The owner is personable and proud of his establishment and he should be.  He told me that he's moving it to Avondale (425 W Western Avenue Avondale, Arizona)--my daughter and her BF live in San Diego and dream of doing the 6+hour drive to eat their food again.  I don't blame them--it has crossed my mind too.  You simply cannot get this quality frybread in California.
5	Great food, quick service and a clean restaurant. I run a tight schedule and never wait very long for my food even when they are busy. Flavorful and consistant will keep me returning for more. Highly recommend Arizona Frybread. They are not in Buckeye anymore but in Avondale on Western between Litchfield Rd. and Central. Right next to the post office.
4	Nice mom and pop restaurant with friendly service. The frybread with grilled chicken mojito was delicious -- the topics did not take away from the flavor or texture of the frybread.It was a nice find.
