5	Honest technicians... Fast service... I will definitely be coming back!
5	Fast service and honest work.  Didn't try and sell me on more than I needed, and they could have considering what the problem was.  I would certainly bring my car here again.  Open on Saturdays, which was a huge plus in my situation, since I really needed my car back.  Great work!
5	This place does quality and fast work.  My 2001 Toyota has had a lot of problems with the exhaust system.  Last time I went in for a smog test, it couldn't pass because the catalytic converters were failing.  I took the car into my regular mechanic, but they don't handle exhaust work, so they recommended I head over to Discount Muffler.  Good call.  From the moment I brought the car in, the guys at Discount Muffler worked to find the best solution to fixing the car.  And they know that "best" doesn't always mean most expensive.  They recommended that I try only replacing one of the catalytic converters and see if the car would pass the smog test.  They could have told me to spend more money right off the bat, but they heard me when I said I wanted a cheaper solution since I only want to keep the car for 2-3 more years.  I'll keep bringing my car back here because I trust a mechanic when they offer multiple solutions to a problem--a way to do it on the cheap and a way to make the repair last long-term.  It means these guys are trustworthy.  Add in the fact that they do good work too and it's a great find for car repair in the valley
1	This place is an overpriced joke. I had work done here about 3 weeks ago when my regular mechanic was unable to check some things out for me due to being closed that day. I had to drive out of state so I was pretty much stuck. I went here on a recommendation and ended up having to take out a loan to get my car fixed for $830+. New brakes in the front and a new radiator. Fine, whatever. 3 weeks later after being back in Vegas one of my radiator hoses sporadically just ruptures and I had smoke and steam firing out of my hood. Ok, fine. I take it back to this place seeing they JUST worked on my cooling system  and they tell me, "Oh hey, yeah its going to be $136 to replace the hose." Oh really? You just replaced my entire radiator and you're going to tell me that the mechanic working on this didn't notice that the integrity of the hose was compromised when pulling it out and putting it back on? Well, I don't buy it. Then when I said that the $98 an hour labor rate was relatively steep from what I'm use to paying they just shrugged their shoulders at me. I would have settled for at least waving the labor charge and just paying for the hose seeing they were right there in the same area of my car 3 weeks prior, but no. They charged for those, plus $98 for labor, plus another $26 for coolant. I guess keeping customers isn't necessarily a priority here. So be it. Low and behold I took it back to my trusted mechanic and wow $76. Price of the hose, lower labor and $12 for coolant, surprise surprise. I know when I'm getting ripped off and I know a lack of customer service when I see it. Many of us are struggling in this economy to get things taken care of, we don't need to be overcharged and have people not stand behind what they do to squeeze a few extra bucks out of us. These guys might be honest to an extent, but they sure as hell aren't even close to being "discount" anything, they might want to change their name to something more fitting of that. I will never go back to this place nor will I ever recommend it to anyone I know. What a waste of a day. Instead of trying to explain to you that what you did was wrong, I decided to bite my tongue. I'm sick of constantly trying to explain to people what proper business ethics should entail. Enjoy your yelp review.
5	I was referred them by Professional Brakes. They did an amazing job at an affordable price. Very professional, courteous and timely. I'll definitely recommend them and the company that referred me anytime!
5	This is one of the most honest places I have found in this town.  I brought my truck here because my neighbors have known the owner longer then they have been taking their vehicles to him, but assured me he is 100% honest and does quality work.I felt he was 150% honest, fixing a window problem his price was cheaper then others I had checked and even though I know marked up the price on the part, it was still $200 cheaper then the same part from the dealer.A complete check of the vehicle was done free of charge and a few items I thought might have needed attention as expressed by another service shop turned out to not be needed right now.  He also noticed a minor issue which the other shop never mentioned which makes me wonder about the quality and honesty of the other shop.I not only will go back to this shop, but highly recommend this shop to everyone because I know they are not looking for things to do, but being honest with you about what needs to be done and will work with you.Five plus stars...
5	These guys are awesome.  I had just come out here in August and needed a smog check but there was a leak in my exhaust system, I went to Purrfect auto which wanted to charge me $700, I came away from her and the work with materials was $120.  They are honest and fast.
4	Feeling lazy I took my truck in last week to have some brake lines replaced and the axle seals replaced.  I've had the truck for 7 years and I've never let anyone else touch it.  The cynic in me fully expected some sort of disaster to occur.  Low and behold everything was done right.  No leaks, no squeaks and no BS.  I talked with Brian.  He didn't try to up sell me on anything and they finished the job when they said they would.  Those two things combined are a rare combination these days.Their shop rate is on the high side at $98 but they didn't take their sweet time doing the work so I felt like the overall cost was still reasonable.Thanks!
5	I received the diagnostic for my check engine light elsewhere and the initial quote I got was $500+, but they were able to take care of it for me for less than $250.  I guess there are two ways to replace a catalytic convertor and going with an exhaust/muffler shop is the cheaper way to go.  I wasn't able to make it out here for the diagnostic check, but when I called they relayed that they would do the check for free and if it took longer than an hour to figure out...then they would charge a fee.  Went here on a Saturday morning when they opened and I was in and out of the shop in less than 1.5 hours =)
5	Honest folks. Highly recommend. Been here a few times and they always provide quality service. No need to shop around.
5	To me, the most honest place in town you will find.  If you talk to Brian, he will take a look at your vehicle and give you an honest opinion on what needs to be fixed and what does not.  Let me expand.IF you have issues with your vehicle, he will let you know honestly what needs to be addressed immediately, what may need to eventually be addressed but is not a high priority right now and what does not.My truck was taken to another place for an oil change and part of their process is to pull your tires and do a complete inspection of your vehicel.   I was told my tie rod ends were loose and in need of repair along with some other minor items.I brought my truck here to get new shocks put on and this is when I was told that my vehicle did not need tie rod ends that everything underneath was fine and that an alignment was never done on my vehicle even though a tire place sells this service to you with the tires and pretends to do it.....I will NEVER take my vehicle anywhere else but here and I will always not only deal with Brian, but do everything I can to refer people and support him.  This is a place of quality in service and friendship.You want honesty in this town, take your vehicle here...
5	Been here several times. Always honest, upfront and reasonable. Dropped in without an appointment and they had the problem diagnosed and repaired in no time. These guys rock!
5	Took my small RV in for a new muffler as the old one scrapes on everything since it sits low and is chocked full of holes because of this.  These guys gave me a very reasonable quote and offered to start the work immediately.  In less than two hours we were on the road again.  Final cost was much lower than original quote.  Work looks great and they even raised everything so I have better clearance now.
5	They took great care of my car. The exhaust sounds amazing and even performs a hell of a lot better
