4	Ahwatukee Country Club has been a staple of Ahwatukee for many years and in that time it's had it's up and downs in terms of quality. I've plaid on this course my whole life and have great rounds and terrible rounds in terms of the quality of the course and the condition it's in. In most cases the most important thing when playing golf is the course condition. I recently plaid here just in November and the conditions were perfect. The grass was green, it wasn't soggy, and the whether was perfect. The staff at Ahwatukee Country Club has always been fantastic. The Pro's are always willing to give you advice, and the restaurant and bar staff are very friendly and give great service. The only thing that's ever bothered me about this course is the practice range. I understand the concept, but I don't care for it at all. They have you hit off of AstroTurf and rubber tees. I've never liked it and it can kind of throw your game off a bit. Other than that I really enjoy playing at this historical Ahwatukee course.
3	Ahwatukee Country Club is pretty good. The fairways were nice, and the holes are a nice challenge. The tee boxes were beat up pretty bad, and the greens had pine needles and leaves all over them, they could at least have someone go blow them off in the morning.
2	Its this one Sunday where i over slept and wake up feeling i have lost the whole day.... Had a quick bite and drove around and stumble upon Ahwatukee CC. As i remember one of my colleague told me a must play course. So without checking the web, i went in pay for twilight and start my round. Overall is a public/municipal course and its old and abused without much care. Flat and pretty much surrounded my houses. If i had to force it i would say its the longer PAR 3 where there is water hazard on the left that i could remember (maybe). That day the pin was tug left and i usually draw my shot so its a little intimidating to attack, plus the sun setting in the horizon is right in the middle of my face when teeing off. Very cheap but i won't go back unless i am given a free round with my buddy while i don't have other priority.
5	Great course for the money! Its location is primo and I love that for a short drive you can feel like you are on vacation. I adore the views of the mountains in the distance and I like that this course is manageable. I prefer the front nine to the back, which is good since I'm usually only up for nine holes... Then its time to hit the bar!
3	I played this course on 8/7/2014.  One of the four courses that make up Foothills Golf Group.  This course struck me as a basic municipal set up.  There were definitely some nice holes and, while this fairways were sort of burnt brown, what do you expect from Arizona in August at 107 degrees? My biggest negative were the houses that seem too tight to the course.  Older houses with postage stamp back yards that put many houses into play.  I do have to say, though, that the greens were BEAUTIFULLY MAINTAINED!
3	I golfed this course in November 2014. The fairways were pretty nice and it's always gorgeous over in ahwatukee.  The golf cart paths are not kept up real well and beverage service shutdown at 3:30 on a Sunday.  I thought the rates were very fair and I would go back and golf it again.
