5	The last time I did lip injections prior to seeing Dr. York at In Shape MD, was very painful.  The doctor I previously went to did not give me a dental block and instead, numbed my lips with a topical numbing solution and proceeded with injecting.  Needless to say it was very painful, the topical numbing gel didn't do what I thought it would, and I vowed to NEVER do it again.So, four years later, I muster up the courage to give it a try again...  This past Wednesday I visited In Shape MD, and I spoke with Dr. Shannon York about my concerns with lip injections and the last experience I had.  Dr. York was understanding and very sensitive to my concerns and based on my history she suggested I get a dental block to numb the entire site.  I agreed to give it a try again and as you know if you've been to a dentist and had a dental block, you CAN'T feel a thing.I spent a good 20 minutes in the chair with Dr. York as she was administering a dental block.  Dr. York was very compassionate and extremely gentle in administering the shots.  Given my history she wanted to make sure I was as comfortable as could be at all times and she took her time.  After the dental block set in she started administering the lip injections, and I was so pleased, because I could not feel a thing!!!  The procedure took about 45 minutes and by that time the dental block was starting to break -- thank goodness, because I did not want to walk around for hours with a numb face.  Within two hours, I had complete feeling again and very minimal discomfort around the injection site.I would highly recommend visiting In Shape MD if you're considering any type of non-invasive cosmetic procedures, because Dr. York is a wonderful and very compassionate.  It's been about a week since my lip injections, and I couldn't be happier with the look.  The swelling is pretty much 100% gone and my lips look great.  I am looking forward to visiting In Shape MD again for other cosmetic procedures. :P
5	I found InShapeMD through a friend initially for B12 injections. They have a shot called "the bomber" I absolutely love. I notice a huge difference in my energy level, sleep and metabolism now that I have been getting them weekly! After seeing them for a few weeks I decided to get Botox and Voluma with Dr. York. She is amazing! I would highly recommend and have already sent a few friends here for Injections and HCG!Love the Town and Country complex! Make sure to visit on a Wednesday and take advantage of the farmers market!
5	This is the real deal if you are serious about weight loss. Don't get me wrong, the program is very strict however if you are determined you will succeed. The staff is great!  They go out of their way to make sure you know they are right with you, and emails are answered quickly, or you can phone in any concerns. They have been in the program so they know exactly what you are going through. There is a one month follow up included to help you find what works without regaining the weight. Highly recommended!
5	Would recommend InShapeMD to anyone in the area. It's almost shocking how down to earth they are. They truly are just good people looking to help other people, and that's what they're amazing at doing!! If you need any help with any aspect of health and wellness, schedule a consultation and you'll see what we mean!Every time I go in I learn more.  Dr. York is the one to go to for ANY hormone or stress issues....if you feel like you are "off" you probably are.  They are educated, professional, and encouraging. Setting the bar high!
