5	Do you hate shaving as much as I do? Do you find waxing too painful and expensive every 6-8 weeks?  Well I have the answer for you!!!  Go see Cindy Semerdjian at Cosmetic Laser Solutions.  I was introduced to Cindy through a friend AND NOW I AM HOOKED!!!   Not only do I no longer have hair, it is very inexpensive!  How much did it cost for you to get waxed...what would you say if I told you for a few dollars more the hair would be gone...PERMANENTLY!   Cindy offers a free initial consultation.  A few prices that I have experienced on a per session basis is: underarm - $100 ; bikini (brazilian) - $100; full leg (both) - $250.I highly, highly recommend going to see Cindy!  Tell her Jillian sent you!    So get started today to get ready for summer!
4	When my previous laser lady stopped answering her phone or returning messages, I took Jillian and Abu's advice and went to see Cosmetic Laser Solutions...I was 100% pleased with both Cindy and Kristine (I've since been back a handful of times for touch ups).  They are both personable and perfectionists when it comes to hair removal.  I found the pricing pretty affordable as well.  I may even go in for a peel of some sort after the wedding - I'm starting to see sunspots on my face and they are not pretty!If you're in need of laser services of any sort, give these ladies a call!
1	I bought some sort of trial gift card for my girlfriend's birthday from some one who called himself the "Walking, Talking Commercial". I wouldn't have bought it, but the ladies I worked with were crazy about it and said it would be a great gift for my girlfriend. It supposedly was good for about 7 different 30 min trial services including hair removal, facials, and some other girly stuff.Long story short, my girlfriend has been there 3 times so far, each "30 min" session lasts approximately 7 mins. She is very dissastisfied with the service, yet feels obligated to leave a good tip (the gift card urges it), and winds up spending more in gas and time than its worth - what a dissapointment. It's too bad because she really has been wanting full hair removal service and now we gotta find another place.If you come across this gift card - stay away - it's not worth the plastic it comes on.
5	when i can't make it down to gilbert to see gassia, i make it over to cindy at cosmetic laser solutions scottsdale location.cindy is just as great as gassia. great results, moderate prices, and quick services!if you're looking to laser any area of your body, cosmetic laser solutions are the place to go! you won't be disappointed.
5	I have been going to see Cindy for a couple of years and she is phenomenal.  She is very knowledgeable and very skilled at what she does.   I highly recommend her!
5	Cindy is utterly fantastic. She is very cutting edge and seeks to find the right combo of lasers to do the job, not just a cookie cutter solutions (i.e....isn't interested in just "selling" you a package). She researches everything and is way ahead of the curve. top notch!
