3	I'm SO sorry, but I can only see fit to give 3.5 stars.My first thoughts when I heard about the concept of these stores was fresh, pre-made healthy, quality foods at decent prices.  I thought I'd be in heaven when I finally got a chance to make a visit.I have to admit I was a bit disappointed.Certainly everything was fresh and had nice packaging...but I was not impressed with the prices.  First of all, they weren't consistent.  There were some things that were pleasantly much cheaper.  Then there were items that were ridiculously expensive.   The location I was at only had 75% less fat ground beef.  You could see all of the fat swirling around the meat.  Yuck!  And it was more expensive than Safeway...and that's saying a lot.I've seen Tres Leches cake (a whole cake) sold for $2.50.  For maybe 4 bites....I'm really not exaggerating....of the same cake, they were charging $4.But then I found vietnamese noodles and some nice looking Indian, British, and Thai foods that looked pretty yummy, so it sort of made up for the wierd prices.  Sort of.So I'm sorry to say I wasn't overly impressed.  It's definitely not a bad place to be and look around, but I like bargains a lot more.
3	Up here: my expectations     Down there: actual shopping experienceI have to agree with Margaret on the 3.5 stars.  I received promotions that claimed it was a new "green" grocery store that offered healthy, fresh options at better prices.  I didn't find that to be the case at all.The "fresh" aspect is true to the claim.  They have a plethora of fresh ingredients, all labeled with the date they were prepared (if applicable).  Another plus is that basically everything has nutritionals listed - even the vegetables!  They also had items that were hard for me to find at other stores such as fresh whole wheat pizza dough, which is harder to find than you think.The big down-side for me is that as a health-conscious eater, I didn't really find many healthy options.  My fiance and I went the night they opened and after surveying the entire store, walked out with a jar of pickles and some cinnamon raisin bread.  I also found the prices to be all over the place.  I found mustard that was 97 cents, and pre-made meal items at over $9.Don't get me wrong, they have a lot of tasty stuff (which you get to try at their tasting station where they offer delectable treats in a Costco-esque manner), but they didn't have the prices and healthy options that I anticipated.  I will still do the bulk of my grocery shopping elsewhere, but I will go here for specific items, last minute pick-ups, and fresh meat or veggies for dinner on short notice.  It's too bad because I really wanted it to be as great as I thought it would be.Update:  I just went there last night to pick up some last minute jalapenos.  I spent $1.61 on a bag of THIRTEEN peppers.  This place is crazy!
4	I like this place, how the food is presented and what is offered. Some good prices and some average.
3	When Fresh & Easy opened near me, I wondered, 'Is it really so fresh and easy?'I was super-impressed when I pulled into the parking lot. Right up in front of the store were a few spots designated for shoppers with young children. As the mother of 4 year old twins, I was beaming with joy! Unfortunately for me (or fortunately - not sure) I was without my twins for this particular outing, so I had to park with all the other peons. When I walked into the store I was dazzled by the nifty packaging of the produce. I am a sucker for packaging. At one point I almost purchased cucumbers because there were two cucumbers packaged together with cellophane and a cute sticker that said "cucumbers." Seriously. I know I have a problem.I thought it was odd that some pieces of fruit and veggies were sold individually, yet I could not buy just one onion - I would have had to buy what looked like a month's supply of onions. Though, I did snatch up a huge bag of limes for $0.50. I had to ... it was a huge bag of limes ... for $0.50!The sushi looked rather good, but I wasn't in need of sushi at the time. The one thing I did get that was a huge hit back at home was a bag of "broccoli slaw." It looks like coleslaw, but instead of cabbage, it's shredded broccoli + other shredded goodness. I mixed it with greens for a fabulous salad that my family loved. The other thing I purchased never made it home: Organic Mango Lemonade .... I am in heaven just thinking about it. The ingredients were simply water, organic lemons, organic mango puree, organic raw sugar. As I gulped all 2 servings down on my drive home in the 100+ degree heat, I thought, 'This is what summer would taste like.'So, was it fresh and easy? Kind of ... I think this would have been a slam dunk place for me back when I was single. Now I need to hit Costco, Sprouts, Safeway ... Can I add Fresh & Easy to the list for broccoli slaw and organic mango lemonade? I'm not sure ...
3	We have one of the 1st ones to open in the valley right near us and it's OK.  Sure it has a selection of ready to eat or grocery selections, but watch the pricing.. you (somewhat understandably) pay for the convience and the "time savings" of their ready to go's.  I do like their concept and do shop there occasionally (more like if i just need something quick).Their hotdog buns are sorta sweet which is different, not different bad, just different!As for the Hybrid only parking... I don't think so...  what a joke!  :)
4	I gotta say, as a single gal who works 60 plus hours a week and loathes fast food, Fresh and Easy is my answer. I will agree with other Yelpers that some of the prices are strange, but there are a few things that have unbeatable prices. Beer is one of them, especially for domestic beers. (Yes, I know they taste like water. But I love them nonetheless.) Also, I can usually find great prices on eggs, sweet potatoes, hummus, and canned things like tomato paste. The other fun thing is their version of the "bargain bin". Because F&E has a lot of fresh ready made meals and meats, they have a relatively short shelf life. So they will mark many things down 50% on the day they expire. Of course you have to use them in a timely manner once you purchase them, but you can't beat a fresh ahi tuna steak for $3.50! Overall, I'm a big fan of Fresh and Easy.
4	Love the convince without a doubt.  Prices can be strange but overall they are better then other stores on a lot of things, also when you see things on sale you can grab a deal!  We also love the pizza dough it's delicious and rises so nicely.  We always stop by the clearance area because you can often find some great things for dinner or dessert at a fabulous price.Also sign up for e-mails and you can get even better coupons then what comes in the ad.
5	LOVE this place! I don't buy everything here - the brown rice and sugar are cheaper at Fry's, but the pork chops and Italian sausage are cheaper here, as are the canned vegetables. I've never had a bad experience with the employees, but if you're having trouble you have to ASK for help, they're not going to butt into your business. And that's just the way I like it. My adult son doesn't mind coming here to help me carry stuff, since there's always something tasty at the samples counter. Usually it's something they make that is WAY more than I'd pay for it, but getting a taste of it is fun. Also - the F&E pistachio gelato. YUM! Not all the gelato flavors are 100% healthy, but that one is, and it's soooo good.
5	My good friends all know of my mild obsession with Fresh & Easy.  It started with a friend telling me how good their food was, at first I would go and try their junk food, they have the best stuff!  I love that their brands have no high fructose corn syrup or hydrogenated oils.  I'm allergic to MSG, and this is one of a few places that I know I can get MSG AND nitrate free sausages.  Their Cheetos knock offs are fantastic (not exactly the same) and have no MSG.It took me awhile to see the true potential in Fresh & Easy.  I got their coupons in the mail and the newspaper, and would check them out for their sale items.  A lot of their brand of things are very inexpensive, but if you're going for a national name brand, don't go here, it's going to be a bit more expensive and from what I understand they don't accept manufacturers coupons.  I love their clearance section, and if I forget my coupon at home, I just ask an employee, they're nearly always helpful (there's an occasional newbie that has a problem with coupons, but I know their attitudes will change because a lot of people shop the clearance section with coupons.)Between sales and clearance I'm able to get a LOT of food for little money.  The steamer meals are made with fresh produce, taste delicious, and freeze beautifully, I stock up when they're on clearance.  Their meat deals rival the commissary on the Air Force base, without having to deal with rude cashiers.  Their simmer sauces are fantastic when you've got some meat that you're not sure how to cook it, or you're looking for a little inspiration.  Their cheesy garlic bread is a family favorite, and when a product says it's spicy, they mean it!  They have interesting marinaded meats, which take the question out of "what should I do with this chicken?"  Their specialty lemon and limeades are amazing, and there are VERY few products in the store that I have tried that I don't like.I love that they have a parking space for people with children that is close to the door, it makes it easier in the summer to go shopping with kids when it's melt your face hot.  All in all I just love this store.
4	I shop here and one on Van Buren and Avondale Blvd. I always go after 3pm and check all the mark down items, especially something you can freeze it and use later. I like their canned tuna, whole wheat bread, chiken masala and rice, salmon,  french baguette. And I try to use their coupons. With this economy we need to cut down on food bills. =)
1	I checked this place out one day when I had some time to kill. I'm not exactly sure what the draw is. I found the prices outrageous...especially for a place that talks non-stop about their low prices. Not good.  I prefer Trader Joes.
1	I've been trying to figure out the best grocery store to go to in my area, so I have been looking at the weekly store ads I receive in the mail to compare prices. Fresh & Easy seemed to have the best deals on things I needed this week, so I decided to go there for the first time. I was so disappointed when I realized that the $.48 avocados were really in a pack of four, for a total of $2, which is still a good deal, except that all of the avocados in the bundle were tiny and bright green (not ripe). Their individual avocados, which were mostly way too mushy, but a couple were ripe, were nearly $2!!! Unbelievable.Similar to a review I read below, I couldn't buy an individual onion; they were only available in packs of four. I don't eat enough onion to get more than one. Plus, as with the avocados, the pack of onions looked like they were not ripe.I agree with other reviews below...some of the prices in the store were really great deals and others were just ridiculously expensive!The worst of it all...I bought a bag of oranges. This morning I peeled one and began eating it and found little bits of black things throughout the entire orange. A pretty good amount. I found a bigger black piece to examine and it was hard like a metal. I was able to break it in half and the inside looked metallic?! I have no idea. But the orange was sour and, obviously, after finding black metallic pieces throughout it, I threw the oranges out.Awful experience. I will not be returning.
