4	The Sandman is the smart choice when visiting Montreal, if you're looking for a nice yet affordable hotel & don't mind riding the Metro into town, since the Metro stop is literally outside the front door.Awesome, cheap and spacious. If I'm by myself or not trying to impress anyone, this is where I / we stay.
3	The Sandman Hotel is a Canadian chain of moderately priced hotels. This one is 17 stories with easy access to Montreal by car over the Pont Jacques Cartier (bridge), or conveniently right next to the Longueuil Metro Station that can lead you to most points in the Montreal Metro area. You can get a breakfast buffet included plan. It is nothing fancy, but adequate for short stays for business or pleasure, next to some high rise offices and residences. The staff speaks English and French.
4	This is a nice alternate to the hotels in downtown Montreal.  It is located right next to the Metro station, and provides free parking. There isn't really isn't anything outstanding about the quality of the hotel, but the rooms are clean and quiet, and the staff seems friendly.
3	A friend and I stayed here for a 4 day trip, and needed a moderately-priced hotel with two beds. Our verdict:Pros:Proximity to the Metro is very convenient.  We were able to easily run back to the hotel to rest and clean up from our long days sightseeing before heading back out for dinner.  The free parking was excellent, and I felt my car was safe.  The pool and sauna were also clean and while I didn't use any of the exercise equipment, I saw a few people doing so.Cons:Our first night, we noticed the drain was painfully slow in the bathtub, so we requested some maintenance.  Reminded them in the morning, and the next night.  Still not fixed so they moved us to a room with a dead coffee pot and a fried electrical socket.  We decided to just swap our coffee pots and make due without the alarm clock.  The 8th floor seems to be the defunct one, and when informed of the continuing issues, the receptionist just shrugged.  A $250 incidental hold was put on my credit card in addition to the room rates, so I asked to pay the bill in full in order to free the hold. Didn't happen until I returned home, so for those expecting to primarily use a credit card while travelling, be aware.Overall, I'd recommend it for convenience but don't expect a flash room.
2	The rooms weren't super modern and the beds were awful. My back hurt the next day. The people were nice and the view was ok, but the AC wasn't very strong and there wasn't anything particularly great about the room. The location to the Metro can't be beat, but really sleep is the key and I just didn't get a good night of it. And the wifi was craaaap.
3	Great location for this hotel. Right across from the metro and 2 stops into rue barri. Can't beat that and they have parking on site.  Rooms are spacious and updated.  There are views of the water and montreal so it's lovely during the day and at night. Wifi works well here so you have all your key essentials. Only issue is it took a while to get warm water.  Not sure if it was construction or something else but def consider this.
4	Great location on the South shore of Mtl. Free parking, then take the metro to where ever your heart desires! Great for families; big enough rooms, pools and mini-fridge on demand ($). Easy access, great view of Mtl and St-Lawrence. Clean.
1	This hotel is one or the worst I've been in (next to motels, maybe). Everything was outdated and in need of a check up. The toliet won't flush, their proclaimed ice machine on every other floor doesn't work either. The wifi doesn't work, even though it looks like 'full three bars'. Upon asking, they just claimed it was my phone's fault.In fact, even their elevator needs updating as we had to wait for over 45 minutes by the elevator with our luggage - the down button light keeps flickering off.This waiting and the lacking of basic necessities would've been bearable if the hallways weren't a sauna. It seems that while the rooms had the old window ACs, they had absolutely none spared for their hallways (a place with no windows or open doors - it was hotter than it was outside) I would not come back to this place, ever.
3	Free wifi? That's a joke. You can see the wifi but can rarely connect. And when you do it's super slow. So slow that it's virtually useless. We called the front desk when we couldn't connect and they said there's too many people on it. Apart from that,Cons:-by a freeway. You can hear it from the rooms although it isn't loud enough to prevent sleep-as mentioned earlier, internet doesn't really workPros:-very close to metro which is a few stops to downtown (most trips will require you to change trains which adds a few minutes)-free parking (and lots of it). Pretty big spaces-pretty clean, although a little outdated-during summer, you can see the city fireworks show from the parking lot (runs for 30min every Saturday)... was cool and convenient
4	It was good. On a bus tour and stayed here for the night. Wifi is good in the lobby but can't even connect in my room. There's supposed to be a password but I was never asked. That's not a problem though. Indoor pool was very warm. Goes to 5ft. Not lit very well. Sauna was cool. Not many hotels have that I think. Fitness center was old. Machines broken. 2 Treadmills and elliptical. Dumbbells. Service was great. I actually didn't even go to sleep. Got to the hotel at 8pm and left the next morning at 530. But the room was clean and in good shape. No water fountain. Overall good hotel.
2	Very outdated!  Internet connection is horrible unless you're in the lobby.  No safe to secure valuables.  Pool is gross, super stuffy, and reeks of chlorine due to lack of air ventilation.  The only good thing is the close proximity to the train station.  Also, parking is free.  Nothing to do around the hotel so you have to take the train to elsewhere but train stops at 12:30 am so if you're wanting to stay out late you have to cab it back.
3	My first stay at a Sandman chain hotel in general was this location.  My visit was for 3 nights so I got to know the surrounding area a bit too considering I've never stayed in Longueuil before.  My office is in Boucherville and I've normally either stayed there or in downtown Montreal in the past.  This particular location was the best of both worlds for my last trip because while it was a bit of a drive to the office (not just a few kilometers away) it was really close to downtown Montreal just across the Pont Jacques Cartier.  The biggest bonus of this place I can think of are both logistical.  One it's right across the river from downtown so if you're driving you are close.  If you're driving you will love the fact that place will not charge you for parking.  You will use your hotel key to get in and out of the lot which is normally a pay lot for everybody else that uses it but it's free for guests at the hotel.The second logistical advantage is that there's a subway transit station right across the street.  I didn't use the transit once since I had a car but the area is basically a school (Sherbrooke University Longueiul campus).  Nearby there is a mall with a Target and about a minute south there is a La Belle Province.  There are some other places to eat nearby as well but I did most of my eating by the office in Boucherville or in downtown.  The hotel itself is comfortable.  The elevators didn't take as long as I thought they would and the staff are polite, friendly and yes they are very fluent in English.  There is a restaurant/bar accessible right from the lobby but I didn't go there except to borrow a fork to eat my poutine that I had bought from La Belle Province.The room was a decent size and the wifi worked ok for me the whole time I was there.  One of the things I wish I had were more english channels on the TV.  Besides that I had a decent amount of channels to watch and most of the US networks had channels from Burlington, VT.I liked this location and I will perhaps stay there again the next time I have to spend some time in Montreal since it is neutral to where my office is and the proximity to downtown as well as the free parking.
