5	Love this place. I've been going to the one in Chicago for years. Just got my membership. Perfect fun for business, friends, and family outings.
5	One of the best entertainment venues around! Just went to the VIP party and I was absolutely impressed. Arcade style golfing with great music, food, drinks, and friendly staff.... I'm hooked! The venue itself is impeccable, flat screen TV's everywhere you look, pool tables, football, the top deck bar, oh and let's not forget, the golf. The setup is perfect for groups, this place has something for everyone. The food was such high quality I thought I was eating at a 5 star restaurant. The selection of drinks was impressive to say the least, from custom cocktails to a wide variety of draft options. The staff was super friendly and eager to help at a moments notice. They also had great personalities, many of them danced as different songs came over the rocking sound system. Everyone seemed to love working at this place so much that my girl is considering a part time job here haha. The golfing itself is arcade style meaning they have various games to challenge all skill levels. Some people in our group had never golfed before and absolutely had a blast learning the basics. Bottom line is, thank you TopGolf for coming to Gilbert, AZ. I will see you often!Let's Play!
4	Just left top golf Gilbert and I have to say it is like a bowling alley on Friday night.  Its not for serious golfers but people looking to have a good time.  The food is good and the drinks are perfect.  The employees are still trying to workout the kinks which is why only 4 stars. I had two servers the first one was okay really trying to push products but understandable.  The golf pro was trying to push me to get lessons which was kind of annoying.  At 5 the atmosphere totally changed to a party zone.  My second server was Alyssa and she was amazing.  Really made the experience great.  She was quick to bring drinks and was fun to interact with.  She made me want to return to this place rather than go to a regular driving range.  Can't wait to go back many times.
4	It's a nice chill place. The music was eh....they were playing some mellow music, but it is a Sunday I guess. Gave it 4 stars because it is pricy and wasn't impress with the music. The music was good as we were walking in and then I don't know what they were playing after that.
5	First time here. Have to say I my favorite thing about this place is the atmosphere. I love that every person working looks happy to be here.
5	Been here twice now. The idea and concept are cool and really great for groups. However, the service is a bit slow since they just opened (it wasn't very busy- the bar was empty and there were empty bays). Still the waitress was super sweet. Really fun and it would have got more stars if it weren't for my second visit. Went in on a weeknight to get a giftcard. Had to wait in line 10 minutes for a specific person while about 8 other employees danced and fooled around the lobby. The system didn't work, waited for it to reload, didn't work. They tried it at the bar. Didn't work. After waiting close to 30 minutes they informed me this happens every night about this time... Then why did you let me wait so long? They apologized and asked me to come back another time. It would have been nice of they offered to mail it or have it waiting next time.
5	A great place to take family and friends. Kid friendly. Would be great for a date night, bachelor party or corporate function. Great facility, great food and wonderful service.
5	Best entertainment venue in Gilbert by far. The staff is extremely friendly and helpful. The food is great, but the golf is what keeps bringing me back! Great for a date night, guys night out or to take the kids.
4	Wasn't sure what to expect, but it was actually a lot of fun.  I will bring my own clubs next time, as I didn't like the graphite shafts on theirs.  The games were a lot of fun to play.  It was like playing the Tiger Woods Golf video game on the target shooting except in real life.We went up to the 3rd floor to get a different view when taking our shots.  Will probably stay that high again next time.  Lots of food and drinks.  Very much like a party atmosphere.  I bet company parties would be a blast here.The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars was because we had quite a bit of trouble getting some of the balls to register after we hit them and to correct the score took a lot of time, which you don't have any to waste since you pay by the hour.  A couple of associates came by to try and help, but couldn't and only wasted more time.  The last one said he would get a manager, they he never came back.  Other than that it was awesome.I will definitely be back!
5	Fun for all ages and abilities. Helpful attentive waitstaff had name tags with hometowns across the USA.  Food exceeded expectations in variety, flavor and portions.  Shrimp and grits bowl, gluten free, is on the every day menu and was perfect for brunch.  Also gluten free flatbread with prosciutto, olives, and artichoke was a delicious combo. No wait for a bay this weekday morning!
5	This is where bowling and golf come together in the best way possible. If you are considering a visit I highly recommend it. Don't bother getting dinner before you come the food they serve is great!  Before you read the rest of the review realize that I had been to top golf several times without hiccups. I absolutely love the concept and we always enjoy our time there.  After coming a couple of times and seeing the value in a membership I decided to sign up.  Upon my first visit as a member my group and I were unfortunate enough to experience some technical difficulties.  We ended up waiting at our bay for over an hour. I was very frustrated and rightfully so.  Upon returning on my next visit the memberships manager refunded me the entire night and apologized for all of the problems. No excuses. I felt the need to write a record after being treated so well after an unfortunate night out.
5	One of the most exciting venues in the east valley. Food was excellent!  We had to wait over and hour to get out bay to start playing. We felt it was worth the wait.  Since it just opened, it was jam packed.  The waiting staff was extremely unorganized.  We had to wait 30 minutes just to place food order.  Overall,impressed this entertainment venue. Will be visiting many times in the future.
5	Having yet ANOTHER great day with friends and receiving top notch service from the entire staff but we must give a special shout out to MAE!  Thank you for your amazing service!!!!
5	I had a bad customer service expensive at first and wrote in with a compliant. The director of operations by far fixed it for us. We played golf for 2 hours, the food was great, the service was friendly and fast. It's not a cheap date but a much better date than dinner & a movie!
2	This place is clearly a man cave kind of things. I mean, yeah, it says golf right in the name, but I had intel that it was supposedly a nightclub/bar/music kind of scene.Oh well, okay. There were bars, there was music, there was no nightclub in sight, the elevator didn't work and they didn't have heaters at their outside terrace. The selection of beer was on par for a man cave, and the people were a strange mix. I totally didn't get the concept.A+ for the valet, they rocked. Everything else was just too confusing. I recommend this for men, though, because: golf.
2	I'm not much of a golfer myself,  but went along with friends and family for a fun afternoon. The building is elegant and the golf setup was really cool. Food was goodish (made up word) and beer selection was excellent.  However, I'm giving 2 stars for the horrific customer service.  That bad. This is my first ever Yelp review of any sort. I literally signed up for Yelp just to write this. Here's what happened. I was a waiter when i was in school and know the restaurant biz. The place was packed and I immediately recognized grossly understaffed. I tried to order a drink at the bar and got a "one sec hun" from the bartender lol. I stood there for 5 or so minutes and gave up. My group took an 8 top and we waited for 5 or 10 minutes, but a server never appeared. My brother drew the short straw and went up to the bar and right to a manager (name tag said hospitality manager or something like it). He looked at my brother like he just walked into his house and asked him to make him an omelet. It was hilarious. You could see the panic and sense of urgency in his eyes. My brother came back to our table with this poor, frantic, rushing hospitality leader and he took our drink order. 10 minutes later we were drinking very good beer and in 5 min we needed more. No server ever came to our table. We had to make another trip to the bar - dammit.  Got Mr inhospitable again and 10 minutes later we had our drinks. Wanting food we made the mistake of trying to coordinate a request.  Had two separate servers take our order. We think the first didn't have the photographic memory we assumed they had because ink and paper wasn't involved. Food took 30 min which isnt terrible when it's that busy, but it wasn't hot. Nachos stand out if they're getting cold. That goes back to short staffing and not having proper expo. We then golfed and that was a lot of fun. We had a sever out there and he took forever with drinks and was unfriendly and unhappy. We were there for about 3 hours and I think I had 4 beers. I would have liked to buy more. I cant be the only one complaining about Top Golf's cust service woes and I'm sure with the amount of money they're making they'll get there act together at some point, but I won't go through that circus again anytime soon. The company needs to hire just a couple more bartenders and a half dozen servers and train them, properly. Currently they have an awful front of the house management team and wait staff.
5	Initial thoughts upon sitting down with a beer and hitting my first 15 shots: holy cow, I want to build one of these for myself! Getting to the nitty gritty of the review and thinking of the questions people would ask before visiting my review becomes a bit more specific. #1 * The wait staff was hired yesterday. Or at least that is the view I had when asking a few very simple questions about the system used here. They seemed to have zero training on the system used and how to operate simple functions. #2 * Our waitress was very eager to learn from us what we found out through trying it out. #3 * Computer systems down. There were more error screens than you could imagine here. One of the staff even said the app has never worked here. That's pathetic. Get someone on it. My review is sounding awfully negative (but it needed to be said, otherwise no one would know what can be improved upon), which doesn't at all reflect my experience here so the rest will be how much fun I had. * Our waitress Michelle was amazing. It looks like she only had two tables, so you can't beat a ratio of 1:9. She was constantly making sure we were happy with what was on our table. * The music varies a ton! A good thing! I enjoyed listening to the cult classics and party music. * OMG The food! The food was top quality. Worth twice what it costs. No joke. It is blatantly obvious I'm a bullet/list reviewer so here are my key points. *Technology- 6/10 train staff and hire an IT person. * Staff- 10/10 Some of the most friendly and eager staff I've seen around. Keep it up. * Food- 10/10 Id come here just to eat. Period. * Overall experience- 9/10 This place was a blast. I plan on visiting as often as I can when in the area. It is totally worth every penny.
5	Lots of fun. I was steered here by a friend, and so I brought my two boys on a day that I wanted to get them off of their video game playing behinds.We rented a stall for 2 hours (because I wanted them out, and there was some withdrawal symptoms from the video games). Started in the morning, so it was only $25/hr. We had a stall right away, didn't have to wait, but as I understand it there is a long wait on the weekends.The golfing was a lot of fun, and I prefer it to bowling, honestly. Once I got my groove back, I was hitting 200 yard balls. I really need to get my own clubs though.We had Mushi, which was a mexican twist on sushi, and a queso appetizer dish. Both were excellent! I was really surprised by the quality of the food. It was fancy restaurant good, honestly, and not overpriced. The boys had sodas, which they kept frequently filled. I don't know how it goes when they're busy, but they were definitely on top of it while we were there.In any case--good entertainment, excellent food, perfect service from our attendant. We were extremely pleased, and will be coming back.
4	I was super stinkin excited that the sleepy East Valley got this in their hood. This is more family-oriented and relaxing than the Scottsdale one. If you haven't picked up golf as your game, you seriously are missing out. You certainly still get your share of entertainment from people watching. Ladies, where else would you have an open access to men literally having their tush pivoted to you most of the time? The staff here is incredible. Our server was friendly and attentive despite having to cater to the needs of little ones and adults between two bays. Backup servers and bussers always made sure our table was clear and tidied up. Food is more your upscale bar gamut. The Bloody Mary is uhmazing! But if you are going to offer a bar of the condiments, make sure it is stocked. Running out of celery, bacon or olives for a Bloody Mary is total buzzkill. Was disappointed in the sangria as it tasted watered down. Love love love the wings, flatbreads and tacos. The highlight was the donut holes with the filling shots of raspberry, cream and chocolate. The setup is very similar to the Scottsdale location; though, most of the seating is high chairs rather than the abundant lounging loveseats. Our bay was on the second floor and perfectly situated in the middle, close to the bar and all the TV screens. No worries gentlemen, each bay is equipped with a flat screen any how. Parking is huge and found it relatively easy to grab a spot. However, this location definitely lacks in efficiency when you are getting your player's card and reserving a bay. Half my group went online but still stood in a long line, despite we hadn't hit their peak hours. So if you can grin and bear it, this is perfect outing spot for a Sunday Funday!
3	I enjoy the concept. The building is sleek and pleasing to look at in nightime as well as daytime. (I drive by this location sometimes 4 times a day, as it is 5seconds from the ice rink, which i go to 6days a week.) HOWEVER, the parking lot?! seriously? My Frys grocery store has a bigger parking lot. It took me almost 10 minutes to find a spot. (for so many bays, which can have 6 people golfing on one, youd think they would have planned accordingly to HIGH number of vehicles) it was 4:45 on a saturday, i knew it would be crowded, however the parking lot looks bigger from the street. I ended up having to make my own spot behind another vehicle alongside a curb. (when i left around 7:45 i came to find two vehicles parked in the middle of myself and the car on the other side, they totally blocked a thru zone btw parking lot curbs. ) i saw valet, however i did not know how much it costs, and did not have cash on me.The inside is very nice. very modern. but it was a bit of a zoo. i didnt also enjoy having to wait very long time to get bays. since theres no call-ahead reservations, at least thats what the rest of my party told me upon entering. i thought there was supposed to be a person available to teach you how to swing, or rumor was that. Im not asking for golf lessons, but if there was someone available to come and educate your party before starting would be top notch!. The server at our bay was very attentive and pleasant. They let us take the bay next to us that opened (since about 15 people ended up showing up and bays only hold comfortably about 8), which was very nice seeing as the location was busy!! the couches they have there were comfortable. One complaint was the heaters, you can turn off the ones by the tee but not behind by the couches, we were getting uncomfortably hot. I am eager to see how it goes for when its 115 degrees outside, better have strong AC!However, a very fun atmosphere. I hope to come again, but honestly, that parking issue might just keep me away! Maybe go in the early afternoon/late morning. However, for the price of it, i should just come back after i learn how to actually swing a golf club again, since i stopped golfing when i was 10.
