5	Our in-laws suggested Dr. Battle and company when our dog, Levi, suddenly got ill.  The staff was very kind and caring even when the diagnosis was not positive.  They gave us as much time as we needed to stay with Levi and were sympathetic.
5	Have been a patron of Penn animal hospital my whole life. Can remember going with my parents to get our cat and dog shots, etc. My wife and I now take our dog to Dr Battle. The best!
5	I love Penn Animal Hospital. The vetinarians and the staff are all extremely caring of my 3 dogs. When we are waiting different staff members come to visit them in the examination rooms. I was there today because 2 of my dogs are ill... They have a cold cough kind of thing. The vet was very caring with my dogs especially because my chihuahua was nervous. He prescribed them an antibiotic and a cough suppressant. Everyone was so nice with us. I just can't say enough good things about this place. They are also very reasonably priced!
3	No fax machine. No electronic records. No emails or computers.  I have to keep track of my pet's vaccination records?  What's up with that? The doctors are very nice and seem competent.  Front desk support is generally ok, but had a phone conversation with someone who must have gotten up on the wrong side of the bed...  Options are limited for those of us who live downtown.
5	Ok yes I almost never give a business 5 stars. But this one deserves it. My pup has been going to this hospital ever since I got him, at 3 months old. He's now 9 yrs old. I refuse, even though I travel so much, for any other vet to give him his vaccinations or wellness checkups. I will make a special trip back to Pittsburgh for my pup.So anyway,  yesterday we had a slight emergency. I saw my pup limping and his paw looked like it was in pain. I immediately went to Penn Animal Hospital.  We maybe waited 10 minutes and were seen. The dr...look I know this might not mean much to most folks...but he wasn't afraid. My dog is huge...but he's a teddy bear. He loves people wayyy more than other animals. So instead of acting like 9, he acts like he's 2. Super happy all the time. The dr. was patient and listened to all my concerns. Overall a very good experience. I have to disagree with one of the yelpers. While they do not have electronic records (still paper and pen) they do annotate everything.  I do keep my own records as well...but there was a time that I needed to board my dog and I couldn't find my paperwork. I called Penn Animal and they faxed the documentation to me at work. So yes they do have a fax machine. I do worry about if there is a fire or flood...the records would be lost. But will this stop me from going here? Absolutely not.
