1	I tried to visit this store today but it was closed. When I asked a Von's employee why, they stated that the jamba Juice employee just didn't show up today. I usually go to Tropical Smoothie but have been trying to give this Jamba Juice location a chance for my business. I get a smoothie or wheatgrass shot every single day after the gym. This location has had poor service almost every time. Half the time the person working doesn't know how to make the wheatgrass. When I get a Matcha shot it is made different and placed in a different size cup almost every time. They have been late to open almost every time I have arrived at the posted opening hours. I would like to know from you why I should consider giving this company my business when they are going out of their way to chase me away?
3	Jamba Juice is great for a quick smoothie meal when you are on the go and don't want to stop for a messy burger or fries. I was on my way from Job A to Job B on a Friday night and stopped here to grab a smoothie for dinner. My two favorite are Caribbean Passion and Peach Pleasure. Go for the "middle size" at 32 ounces,16 oz is just never enough when I'm making this smoothie my "dinner" :) I didn't have to wait, there were two behind the counter, one rung me up while the other started my order. Friendly, quick, consistent product. Wish there were more Jamba's in the Valley!
4	I wish there were more Jamba Juice locations out here in Vegas. Coming from California, Jamba Juice is EVERYWHERE. In Vegas, it seems as if Tropical Smoothie Cafe is everywhere.I definitely prefer Jamba Juice. Their smoothies are smooth and creamy and I've never had any complaints about any of the flavors I've tried.
4	It is not an independent shop, but more of a kiosk inside the Vons. Although they do not participate in the same promotions as other stores, they offer a buy 7 smoothies and get your 8th free with the use of a Vons Club Card.The one employee working was friendly when she informed me that I could not use my coupon there. I still got my regular Berry UpBeet. Yay! for an extra serving of fruit and vegetables. One can never have too much. For those who might not like veggies, you can barely taste it in this icy beverage. Within a few minutes, the girl had five smoothies done and I was out the door. The smoothies are not as sweet as their competitor's and the free boosts are an added perk.
5	I come here about 2 times per week.  I like how i can make my smoothie custom with the ad ons. Its always fast service with a smile. Its yummy and good for me. Excelent meal replacement.
4	Why is it so hard to find a jamba juice in vegas. Tropical smoothie cant hold a candle against jamba juice. This jamba juice is located inside a vons and is right at the front if you enter into the entrance on the right side.The staff was friendly and quick and there was no line. I came and ordered 4 white gummis.They also give you a free drink after purchasing 8 drinks here. They keep track with your vons card.also for secret menu items http://www.secretmenuholic.com/
4	I love this Jamba Juice! All of the workers know how I like my "White Gummy.." The largest size and just a little blended-- I like mine with chunks.I recommend "white gummy" and "pink starburst." Great smoothies, but not so healthy.
