5	Excellent adovada, salsa, guac, and service.  Owner and chef, Cheryl, interacting with customers.  A bit less spicey than mesa location and smaller menu, but excellent adovada flavor.  We will be back, OFTEN!
2	Bottom Line: The food was not the best, the service was non-existant.Los Dos was recommended to me by multiple friends, so of course, I had to give it a try.  We ordered the green chile with pork that was on special as well as the chimi.  Neither of these items were anything special.  The pork was quite fatty and did not appeal to me for this reason primarily, but in addition, the rice and beans lacked a distinct flavor putting them at the bottom of their categories.  The chimi was better, but the meat didn't have the expected strong flavor.The salsa was actually pretty good, but the chips were stale and thick which really hampers a good salsa experience!Finally, the service was terrible.  First, no one at the door.  Finally, we found someone at ended up being told to seat ourselves.  Then, no server ever came for drinks or food until someone came and asked us if we still needed to be helped.  The proceeded to go and find the right person, give up 5 minutes later and then came back to take our order.  Then we waited another 5 minutes for drinks and salsa.  Never received a refill on either of them.  To top it off, then we never got a bill.  I actually got up to look for someone and finally found someone to help get us checked out.
1	First off, if you're coming here expecting a nice restaurant, don't bother, it's just another POS generic strip mall joint. Beyond that, I can't speak to the quality of the food because I wasn't ever able to try it. It doesn't matter how many hand scrawled signs you put on your front door advertising new hours, if your website and all your adverts say you're open till 9:00 people are going to expect you to be open till 9:00. If you want to close at the ridiculous hour of 6:00 PM then fine, but Maybe change your website first.
4	I've been to Los Dos Molinos a handful of times, but just to pick up to-go orders of their famous salsa.  I usually get a pint of both the red & the green - both are some of the best I've ever had and is reason alone to go.  The salsa is absolutely on the hot side but more than manageable if you enjoy heat.I had my first dine-in experience with me, my wife, my 5 month old and my wife's parents (5 of us total).  The inside is fairly small and it was too hot to eat outside.  My father-in-law loves hot food and couldn't stop talking about how great it was.  My mother-in-law ordered some fresh guacamole to cool her palate.The 4 of us each ordered something different and all of use really enjoyed our order.  Two things I'll mention: 1) the portions were huge and no one finished what they ordered 2) their reputation as "the hottest food in phoenix" didn't necessarily live up to the hype.  3 of us ordered a dish with the chile next to it.  The flavors were very good - just not hot.  Adding some of the hot salsa kicked up the spice.Would recommend the food and especially the both salsas.
1	One star too many! I have frequented Los dos in Phoenix several times. This was my 2nd time to the Tukee location and I will never return.  First time was when it first opened. It was okay then but nothing too special. This trip was like something you'd see on a RI show! Walking up should have been our first clue. The patio looked like a junk yard. I get it's chili roasting season but what's with a bench on top of a table, mess everywhere dead plants in pots surrounding the patio just scary gross. The main entrance is now closed off with a sign telling you to go through the patio so ya really could not miss that eyesore.  It gets worse. Upon entering the room is very drab and dark. Only two other tables have folks seated. None looked too happy to be there but hey it's a work night ... Oh no happy hour going in in this place...didn't even see the bar anymore since that room was draped off. Anyway, back to the bad service.  Waiter told us to sit anywhere. Looking around we should have left but figured to give the place a chance if I could. Again, keep in mind, I'm comparing the food and service to the Phoenix location in my mind.  We sit at a table where there's one chair and a bench against the wall. As I sat down I realized there was a cable jack behind me that the cover was cracked off the wall.  Figured I'll be sitting straight the entire time. Waiter gets us water and hands us some menus and walks away. Didn't even offer if we wanted anything else to drink. He swings back by with some chips and salsa and asks if wear ready to order. Ok, I'll have the beef taco Combo and the bf ordered the green chili beef burrito. Poof, waiter gone.  While we waited I seriously was surfing the web trying to find out if the place had any health violations and what they were!About 20 minutes later food arrives. BFs burrito looks ok. Nothing fancy but not looking for fancy, just good food. Burro is jam packed with beef and the green chili is to be expected fire hot! Ok, taco combo...eh, had much better at filibertos. The beef tasted funny. It was dry and tough and could have been a couple days old. Didn't taste quite right. Rice was even older, I'd say probably 3-4 days old.  Beans were mediocre and the cheese enchilada was all tortilla with melted cheese on top. I highly recommend to NOT go here. Save your money, save your stomach, save your time!! If you want Mexican, filibertos is up in the foothills or Arribas is down the road a bit.  This place needs to close its doors!
2	I absolutely love this restaurant and frequent it at least once a month. It is painful for me to report that our last two visits have been horrible. The first, we arrived around 8:45 as we always do. The host said that the kitchen is closing soon insinuating that we were to late to be served. Grudgingly we were seating and, upon settling, had a great meal. The second, we showed up at 8:30 and were told that they were closed to prepare for tomorrow. Their stated hours are 9 pm close. I am so disappointed because we love this place. I am willing to give them one more shot. Hopefully they will go back to the warm service that we were accustomed too. It is sad to see that others have made similar comments.
5	The staff at Los dos molinos are incredible. We were getting ready to head to the airport and told them that we had craved their amazing spicy food for a whole year. We had tried them one year prior on a business trip. When they heard this, they packed our additional food items we had ordered for the plane ride home and added in a bunch of extra to remember them by. They treated us like family and we will be going back every time were in Phoenix. Even if it's just a layover.
1	I was trying to go for a birthday dinner and saw online that they closed at 9:30. Called the restaurant to be sure and to let them know a large group would be in and was told they close at 7:30, which was okay. A group of 10 of us showed up at 5:00 to find a sign on the door, in pen, saying "sorry we closed at 4:30!!!" (This was 20 minutes after we called). Incredibly unprofessional. Will not recommend this place nor will I go to this location again.
1	We waited over an hour for our food, which showed up to be only mediocre. They had live music which was decent.
4	I love creative, authentic Mexican food. I don't like many Mexican restaurants. But this one is a good one I think! First trip here, but  I like the ambience, and the New Mexico Green Chili Stew was very good.  Got the smaller portion, and made two great meals out of it. A tad on the spicy side, but just within my spice level limitations.  (I would have preferred a tad less spice-truth be known). The chips and salsa were great...that's important!Service was great too. Friendly and attentive.The menu looked creative and delicious, and I will return again!
5	The food was amazing and the service was even better. They saw us coming from the window and had a table ready with a high chair for our little one. Made special dishes for a couple of our pickier eaters and everyone enjoyed everything put on our table. The entire meal was perfect. The guacamole was delish, my shrimp was cooked perfectly and had the perfect balance of spice and flavor. You could feel their enthusiasm for their food and service. What a treat!
5	Great Little Gem. I have been to the original location by south mountain and figured the food would not really be the same. How wrong was I, This place has great food just like the original restaurant but with far less noise and crowds. I love Mexican food and this is my go to place in the Chandler/East Valley area. Salsa is Amaze Balls BTW
4	This review will seem a bit mixed, but bare with me. My husband and I have been going here for almost two years and I always get the same thing - a chicken burro (read: burrito) enchilada style, in particular "Christmas Style" which is half red chili and half green chili sauce - my favorite when I lived in New Mexico. I've tried other dishes that friends have ordered and they're good, but this one item is amazing and enough to keep me coming back regularly. Now to the other side, the experience. I've read other reviews and unfortunately had some of the same issues with the discomfort of padded benches, the lack of staff,  and decor. I waited to write this review until I'd been back a few times to confirm, but, yeah, I think they read the same reviews and made some changes. The benches are gone, the decor and general upkeep has improved (though still a little quirky, which is fine by me) and the service has been drastically improved. I'm happy to continue my foodie relationship with this authentic and spicy restaurant!
2	Chose this place based on some other reviews. I should have read more carefully. I had Vicki's Plate. The chicken was really dry, sauce was so hot, I couldn't taste the food and guacamole so bland.Skip this one and keep driving.
4	We typically go to the one at 10th st. and camelback which is the best in the valley.  We live right by this one and they have done a much better job recently.  Great spicy food.
5	I can't say enough about this place.  They are not your typical Mexican food place!  Their theme, "Some like it hot!" is exactly right.  If you can't handle chili heat, don't bother.  The family run off shoot of a Valley mainstay, the Chandler Blvd location offers crazy spicy Adovada ribs that are as good as they are hot.  You can also get the spicy pork in a burrito or enchiladas. Their beef tacos are over stuffed (not as spicy) and a meal unto themselves.  If you don't want the spice, try their carnitas, slow roasted pork.  Cheryl occasionally mixes up additional kinds salsas to supplement her normal spicy red or green salsas, so ask if they have anything mixed up. Their beans are flavorful and creamy.  Also, try their posole or menudo a if available.
