1	We love Fat Burger.  The food is miles better than In-N-Out, and usually this is a really fun chain to eat at, but we have completely given up on this location for one reason and one reason only...The employees need customer service training.One occasion, we showed up 15 minutes before the sign said they closed, and they rushed to the door & told us they were closed.Next trip, we walked in and the girl behind the counter who takes orders was sitting on the counter (no customers in store at the time), chatting with the cook and took her sweet ass time getting over to the cash wrap to take our order despite looking right at us when we walked in...and when she finally saunter over, she said not a WORD.  Just stood there glaring at us, waiting for us to say something.Normally this location (unless really busy) brings your food to your table when its ready.  On the last several trips, despite being the only folks in the place, the cook waves his spatula at you & says "ready!" while same lazy cashier girl sits on her ass.It's no wonder this location never has any customers any more.  We take the extra time & effort to go to the Desert Ridge location instead now.I wonder why the management of this location hasn't wised up yet.  Clearly his/her business is suffering & its all due to the shitty attitude of the employees!
1	When we walked in Saturday at around 6:30 for dinner we were the only ones in the place.  The two employees were sitting at one of the tables looking like the last thing they wanted to do was get up and actually have to cook something.The tables were dirty.No one was in there.They were sitting on their *sses and half the tables were filthy.When our food finally arrived, they sat right back down and resumed doing nothing with each other and had pretty filthy mouths.  I'm colombian.  I look pretty latin too.  What made them think I wouldn't understand them.When your the only ones in a place and you get up to leave and no one asks, "how was everything" or says something (...er like customer service 101) "thanks for coming in" -- then I'd say there's some pretty fundamental problems happening.The worst part, as we were driving out of the parking lot...We saw an In & Out Burger!!!!!!!!!!! And...it was packed.Big mistake going to this place.  I've been to FatBurger before...a few times in California. Not a bad burger.  This place is managed horribly with lazy employees.Do not go here.  Check out the In&Out Burger at the rear of the parking lot. :)
4	A recent transplant from San Francisco, also latin and never been to one of these, took a chance on this place because I didn't want to deal w/ the in & out burger crowds. MMMM Good. Bigger, fresher burgers, fresh vegetables, quality meat. The two gentlemen there (one the cook, the other at the cash register) were both hard at work and very friendly.  I will definately return, in fact, my husband is on his way there b/c I have a craving for their non-greasy, saltless killer steak fries. Go figure. Forget the in & out. this is definately the place for cheap and good food.
4	Always wanted to try a Fatburger ever since Ice Cube told me that he ate one at two in the morning.Well I had my eyes did at Lasik Plus about 2 years ago which is right next to the fatburger, so after my initial consult we moseyed on over to try it out.  The burgers were aight, Thanks alot O'shea! Foo, I'm just trickin'! No, but seriously they were good, and where else can you add an egg to your burger?.  The relish was a bit strong, so I recommend that you get it on the side, or not at all.  Hey, it was clean, and the staff wasn't all loungin' around when I went. Maybe the boss was there!
4	Fat Burger rocks.  Definitely my favorite fast food joint.  Get a loaded burger with chili...so good.I put Fat Burger at the top of the list for fast food.  In and Out comes 2nd.
3	Food: tasty Experience: ghetto (the bad kind)My wife loves the Turkey Burger (TURKEY FAT!) and I, the Boca (BOCA!). I think most people eat burgers for the condiments and Fat Burger is evidence to support -- try a fried egg on yours, mmmm!Their shakes are tasty too and my kids won't shut up about them. Here's the ghetto part:Stuff breaks and they don't fix it; to the point where I think they take pride in how long they can go without having to fix things. We've been going to this location for 3-4 years and the juke box is completely unplayable more often than not (don't get me started on never-once-working jukebox and forever-broken-covered-with-a-traffic-cone-barstool at the Desert Ridge Fat Burger). I wish they'd bring back the real lemonade, too. Minute Maid is not lemonade.
1	Are you kidding me .60 extra  for a piece a cheese on an already overpriced burger, $1.00 extra for curly fries is it just me or should they call this "sucker burger. The staff looked like extras from the movie Scarface with manners to match . Save your money and go to In-N-Out, Five Guys, or better yet for the same money at "sucker burger" you could be treated like a real person with your delicious burger brought to your table at Blu Burger in North Scottsdale. FYI ladies my wife said "no soap" in restroom.
