4	Second to Hurley's for good pub grub on lunch. Fish n Chips - with really tasty chips. Stews, burgers, beer, etc. Don't expect fine dining here but expect so much better than those disgusting chain Pubs like Les 3 Brasseurs. One is function over form, the other is form over function. Good honest grub. A few years back I had ribs and they were AWESOME. Great to have right next to the office.
4	Good food, great beers, anda fabulous pub quiz onMondays.  Check it out.
4	We had walked from Vieux Montreal looking for a good happy hour and this is the first one we found, but it was a good one - all microbrew pints $5 CND. It was a Monday night so the prices were good all night and they had pub trivia. We enjoyed our first pints - mine was the apricot and fruity, but good enough for me, not a beer connoisseur. The place was very quiet when we arrived, but filled up quickly as we drank. Then we got hungry, so I tried their hamburger steak well done while he tried their veggie burger. My steak was not that great, fries were good, and I had a some plain baked green beans and carrots. My partner noted the veggie burger was heavy on the onion. The place cleared up just as quickly as it had filled by the usual end of happy hour. We didn't stay for the pub quiz, unfortunately. He worried it was going to be full on Canadian trivia; I felt, who cares? Service was ok - one waitress for what felt like the whole bar. Accepts credit cards. Good place to enjoy a drink.
3	cool looking nice dive bar near my hotel.. unfortunately the bartender couldn't make a proper black and tan.. they do have quite a few beers on tap though and this place is worth checking out if you want something more quiet and relaxed than the bars on crescent ave
4	Amazing bar! Walking distance from downtown and the best music bands!!!! Ambiance is awesome even if a little too crowded.Can't wait to go back....reminds me the college time!! Cheap beer and lots of fun!!
4	Great place for a beer!
4	Very very good bar. Service is great, and so is the menu. Quiet happy hours during the week and live bands on the weekend so you get the best of both worlds. Enjoy the beer selection as well.
4	I've been plenty of times to the old orchard pub on Orchard, but this one has all the same qualities in the downtown core of Montreal.  They have plenty of brews on tap and GOD!! the pub food was hard to resist, but I was only stopping by for a pint or 3 before our dinner reservations.Tip ... make friends with the door men because they will throw your A$$ out if Ye Olde drunkards get out of hand : )Lots of tourist at this place and it tends to really clear out just before a hockey game at the bell center, so keep that in mind the next time your looking for a bar you can actually get a table at.
4	A solid pub in downtown Montreal. If you're after wings, beer, and maybe some sport, you won't go wrong here.The wings here are great. The 'kick-ass' spicy aren't too hot (for me, but then again I am VERY manly...), but just hot enough. They also come with sweet potato fries, which is cool. Some of my mates tried the curry here, and said it was really good - the menu has a lot of  Sri Lankan dishes (I think the kitchen staff are  Sri Lankan), and I've heard good things about them. The first place we sat down was a bit smelly, but they reseated us when we asked (watch out for the both near the toilets!) so it wasn't a big deal in the end.There's a few screens around the place so you can definitely see whatever main sporting event is on (eg. hockey), but they're not huge/everywhere so I'd probably go somewhere else if that was my main focus.We got there early (5pm) on a Thursday and there was plenty of room, but it did fill up after everyone got off work.I was going to give this place three stars, but the the waitresses wear kilts, so it gets an extra star. WATCH OUT: the waiters also wear kilts, so if you're going to check the staff out, make sure you're checking out the right ones...
5	Some friends and I went to Montreal for a weekend, and decided to walk around near our hostel to find a place to eat. Less then a ten minute walk away we found Ye Olde Orchard Pub, and it was exactly what we wanted. It was different than most places we would have gone to in America, the food was great and the waiters were so nice. We mentioned it was my friends 19th birthday expecting a piece of cake, and we got a special drink complete with rules and a name I shouldn't mention. The waiter overheard us talking about where to go that night and came right up to us and suggested about five different bars and clubs we should go to, some of which ended up being the best parts of the night. We couldn't resist going back there the next morning and the breakfast was just as good as the dinner. I would recommend it for anyone but especially if you're a group of traveling students like we were its a great place to go. If we ever go to Montreal again it will be first on our list.
4	I felt like having supper at a pub so I walked to Ye Olde Orchard Pub & Grill (a chilly 20 minute walk from my hotel) ... I read some good reviews about it here on Yelp.  It's cute.My Griffon Blonde tasted good.I started with an order of garlic cheese bread.  It was good!Then I had chicken wings.  Some of the wings were really big ... the size of drumsticks!  So big, though, that a couple weren't cooked enough.  I ordered them medium and they were tasty.  The fries were good too, though I only had a couple.  The prices were good for the quantity of food.Emma was my server and she took good care of me.  Tonight was her last night.  She's got another job opportunity and is moving soon to Toronto, coincidentally just north of where I live.I'd go back!
4	Solid, with better than average pub food, especially the giant extra spicy wings. There's the same good heart here as at the other two Olde Orchard locations but this one feels spacier and a little more laced up and downtown appropriate, perhaps due to the over large contingent of lawyers and sports fans.
5	Good ambiance, great prices! The waiters are super nice with their kilts :D
4	The food is above average pub food. The beer list is not extensive and improvements could be made here. The service is great. A lovely pub all around but it is in the basement, dark, dank, tight, and loud. Good pub all around.
3	I'm in Montreal 'til Thursday.  I felt like having supper at a pub so I walked to Ye Olde Orchard Pub & Grill (a 20 minute walk from my hotel).  I was there in December and enjoyed it.My Griffon Blonde was good.When I got there about 6ish, it was fairly quiet.I ordered what I ordered the last time ... wings with medium sauce.  The last time I was there some of them were a bit undercooked.  This time it seemed like they'd been cooked and were sitting around for a while (or overcooked) and sauce added to heat them up.  The fries were good and I ate about a third of them.It got busy after a while.
4	This is definitely my preferred Ye Olde Orchard location (although the one on Prince Arthur is a close second).  It's quite large and unless there's a game or something at the Bell Centre it isn't too packed.  The food for the most part is pretty good too.
4	Oh the Irish pubs of Montreal! If Yelp was around years ago I would be the empress of these little big gems. Ye Old Orchard is one of my favorite. Good pub food, tasty Guinness and if you are looking for a local beer there is a nice choice on tap. The place is very quiet in the early hours of the evening (unless you end up watching a world cup game at noon). At around 9 pm the crowds arrive and with them the noise, the vibe, the party time.
4	Classic underground pub in the heart of Montreal right across from the Novotel hotel. Decent collection of whiskey, pretty commercial beer selection. The food is good. It gets busy after habs games as it's near the Bell centre and occasionally has some live music. I had a good time here sitting at the bar for three nights. They always have some hockey game on. All three nights had a wide mix of demographic in ages. Would definitely go back next time in Montreal!
4	Distinguishly appropriate with Newcastle Brown Ale on tap!! I love irish pubs, makes me wanna grow a beard and chop woods. Oh! How I blushed when the waiter ask for an ID card! A saturday afternoon with no Habs game, not many patrons. I had the burger. Satisfying but nothing to fancy about. My wife had the irish stew. A comforting bar grub. Although a bit stagnant in tatste. I would come back again.
5	This is the perfect Irish pub for me!!! It has everything you can expect from such a place. Most of the staff there have for sure irish blood in their vein. There is good beer (a good variety), good food, good music and a very festive mood!  But most of all for me the cherry on top of the sunday was the amount of screens showing ice hockey games lol. Since I'm a big fan of ice hockey, this bar offers me all I can dream of. Next time you're in Montreal give it a try!
4	For an Irish pub, it's pretty great! The service is fast, and thru have decent hot wings (although their 'burn your face off sauce' could bs a tad bit spicier). The food, however, is surprisingly good! Upon entry, we were seated and served by the manager, which was the best part of the experience (very fun guy, lots of great jokes!). Their drinks are just great (no complaints if your 'well' rum is Havana Club!)
3	I was looking for a slightly more economical place for dinner, in the vicinity of the Marriott, and happened to come across this place, also a very short walk from the stadium where the Canadiens were playing the first game of the conference finals. Don't let the name fool you. The food is traditional pub fare, but the atmosphere is definitely early-twenties. They have large screens conveniently placed so that you can catch a game from literally any seat, which was nice, but during commercials, they jacked up the rap music, which was highly annoying.It's pretty clean, and wide enough to navigate in. After waiting a little bit to get noticed, I just grabbed the table closest to the door. Service was so-so, they're nice enough, but when my beer's gone, I shouldn't have to send up a flare for another one, and while they had a decent crowd during the game, they weren't overwhelmed by any means. It's okay when your staff schmoozes with the clientele, but it shouldn't be at the expense of other, thirsty customers. I chose to eat inside to watch the game and get away from all the obnoxious cigarette hounds outside (they have tables on the curb, like a lot of Montreal joints).I had the Cajun salmon. Their definition of "cajun" means blackened to the point of being dry, with just the slightest hint of spice, but not terrible. The rice was completely tasteless, but luckily it came with grilled peppers, mushrooms, and onions. The salad was a pain in the ass, large and leafy and stuffed into a small bowl. Almost impossible to eat without it spilling onto the table. But overall the food was probably the best pub food I had of all the places I've hit in the last few weeks.Since it's a lower-priced place in an otherwise expensive area, I guess you get what you pay for. Their whiskey list is impressive, but given the tiny shots they serve, not worth it. Their "trufflicious" cake was, well, just chocolate cake. Overall, it wasn't bad for the price, but it's not a place to impress a date with the food or atmosphere. I will say, it was good enough that I will give it a second shot next time in town.
5	Great food for a pub place. Excellent choice for lunch as well. They always have daily specials. The service is fast and friendly and the food is reasonably priced, good portions and very tasty. I had the regular hamburger the last time I was there but the jerk chicken over coconut rice looked amazing good.
