4	This is my go to little shop for video game needs.  They have almost everything (if they're in stock) for video games from pc games, video games, new and used game consoles, controllers, and new and used games.  Trades for games and game consoles are also available.  You're also able to pre-order games and game consoles for a low deposit which goes towards your purchase.  Sometimes I also buy used DVD's here for a good price.Tip:  Call ahead for popular items to make sure they're in stock
2	I came here after having a good experience trying to find a gift for someone during the holidays. I thought I was purchasing a used copy of Gran Turismo 5 this trip. The clerk seemed helpful and was very chatty about the game. When I got home I found out he did not give me the used game I brought to the counter. He swapped it out for a new copy, and I spent an extra $10 more than I had planned. I'll never shop here again, they pulled the bait and switch on me and distracted me so I didn't notice what the total came to.
4	They need to invest in a multiline phone system, but I got through on 2 of 3 calls (one to ask them to reserve a game for me, one to ask where on Earth the store was located.) I didn't see a sign from the street, which would have been helpful because this shopping center is giant!I got the game I wanted, but they charged full price for a new, but opened game. I would have thrown out the box and wrapping anyways, but that seems a little sketchy to call a game new when it's open.The only reason they still get four stars is that they buy and sell used games, and I'm into recycling, so I'm happy to go to a store like this. The two guys working here were super nice and helpful. Great service always makes shopping experiences better!
3	Nice little shop. They are pretty clean and organized, but my fella did have a little trouble when he purchased a game and realized they gave him the old version only after getting home already. We went back and exchanged it for the correct version with no hassle.
4	Great staff!  Always greeted when we walk in, and always willing to give advice about games that are out or just  b.s. about gaming in general.Feel right at home with fellow gaming geeks there!
4	Really nice people there!The store is packed to the walls with video game stuff, but is surprisingly VERY organized!The pre-owned games are a good deal, especially with the PowerUp Rewards Membership.  It is in a nice and convenient location in the Walmart parking lot.
1	What is wrong with these people? I go to pick up Halo 4 today and they had tons of copies.  They said I had to preorder.  OK. My fault. Then the guy proceeds to LIE to me and tell me it's sold out everywhere, even Walmart and I need to preorder with him so I will get it shipped to my house.I called him on his bluff and went to Walmart and walked out with a Limited Edition copy of Halo 4.  They had tons in stock there.Very bad for spreading misinformation.  1 Star Update.  Stay away from these people. Why the dishonesty?
1	The staff seem friendly enough but I think there are some weird policies going on with new game releases. I went in looking for a copy of Halo 4. The employee behind the counter said that there were no copies available because everything was preordered already and it would have to be mail ordered. He added that Wal Mart and Best Buy were all sold and the best chance to get them game would be to order it with gamestop and wait a week for it to be shipped. A quarter mile stroll to the Wal Mart in the same shopping center revealed that not only was Wal Mart not sold out, but they had plenty of copies available. I'm really disappointed that the employees would lie so readily just to get a sale of a game that, based on the hundreds of "preordered" copies sitting behind the counter they had already done quite well selling. Dishonesty does not breed loyalty in customers. Boo.
3	Sooo Santiago wants an Xbox for his 7th birthday.... what do y'all think I got him? YUP.I already knew what I wanted so in I went, its a small store and a little claustrophobic. The little dude was very nice and helpful. I looked at the games but all the greasy haired dorks were all on my nuts so I left and met my friend. We came back a little later and I let him know what I wanted: 250gb Xbox 360. The price was 249.99 (270 with tax) I paid my cash and asked him to double bag it.Customer service is ok, the store is small but clean, and its pretty organized. Yay! Santiago was totally happy with his gift!
4	I like this shop and they people are always nice but it needs to be bigger, it's so squished in there!
1	Customer service went down drastically. Had to walk out the store after waiting 15 minutes in line with only 1 customer in front of me. The cashier was slow and had no sense of speed. The other 2 employees were in the back because one of them was dizzy and couldn't sit back there by themselves. Boo for me that this is the closest location by the house, other than Walmart.
1	I was here for ghosts release and they didnt even tell anyone they needed numbers to get your copy so I was standing there 5 people from the front while I had to wait for 100 other people to get there game first, complete bullshit if you ask me. I wont be coming back to this gamestop thats for sure.
1	Just spent 1000 bucks for my kids and nephews/ neices for Christmas.  They had one game a few weeks later that they weren't interested in so I took it back, unopened, and they said sorry but if it's over 7 days they won't take returns. Sorry gamestop but you just lost a loyal customer...
1	Rude clerks. Never had terrible customer service before from GameStop. Jalen was actually joking about customers at the front desk in front of customers wtf!? Won't be going here again :-(
1	I can't believe they don't price match... That's crazy now a days.  The People that work here think they are Rock Stars.  Glad you are cool dude.   I say minimum-wage.
4	These guys are great. Very knowledgeable on every system. They through opening/midnight parties for the high profile games such as Madden/ COD/ assassin creed.  The only thing I do not like is you don't get much to trade in your games. They are located In a great area next to walmart/ IHOP and maximum comic
5	This Gamestop location is always busy. It used to look like a tornado blew through the store, but I didn't mind. It was almost expected with the amount of traffic it gets. But this store must be under new management because it has taken a complete 180. The store is clean, the staff greets you when you come in and everyone is very helpful and seems "happy" to be working there. I used to come to this location because it was the most convenient for me, but now I enjoy coming to Gamestop again. Keep up the good work!
1	I went in to see if there was a game for my son. Apparently there is a new game coming out called Destiny. There was a line with no less than 10 people waiting to pre-order. There was 4 other patrons including myself that were in need of help. With three cashiers, they could have dedicated 2 to the Destiny line and one to help the others. To top it off, the line was in front of all the xbox games and we couldn't even look around to pass time. Absolutely unacceptable. I will never return to this location. I know it makes no difference to that store because they will still make their money, but I will take my money to a more deserving business.
1	Came back to trade in some games and to buy a gift card. Got $95 credit for my trades and I needed a $100 gift card. Apparently this location couldn't use the money on my trade in card towards the gift card. I was told I have to give the trade in card as a gift plus a $5 gift card so both can to add up to the$100 gift card I needed. Funny cause the tropicana/jones location used my trade in credits towards the gift card with no sweat :-/Just another example why I give a 1 star.
4	Staff is always pleasant. This is the only  GameStop I go to or its online. What place anticipates the customer's need?? Completed my transaction for 2014 Game of the year (advance warfare) waiting in line. This place made sure everyone waiting for the game ate. Pizza and soda for dinner not including fireworks and DJ's. At least three times a year whether it's Madden, Call of Duty Assassin Creed/ Batman.  Can't say anything bad about this place.
