4	Interesting store.  Lots of different kinds of prepared stuff.  Thave injera which is something that my wife likes.  It is difficult to find outside of an Ethiopian restaurant.  We will definitely return if we want any additional items.  They have some very nice and unique food items from the Middle East and Central Asia.
5	It Is different then Haji Baba (The Cafe & Market) and is almost a mile or 2. It is wholesale and grocery store and definitely $ 1 -2 $ cheaper than other stores. Eg I bought Royal Basmati Rice 10 Lbs for $ 12.19 usually it is $ 13.99 / $14.99 / $15.99 etc at Indian Stores. There tax was also not $ 1.00 like other stores do.It was mere 0.21. I came to collect Feta Cheese. I got to know from My friend that it is reasonable and good quality cheese per pound. They were running out of that. I am sure because of the rates. Looking forward to buy Feta Cheese from here too. You find Big Naan (Literally Very Big ) Rounds Bread at (Pack of 4 Big Round Naan Sort of Bread) at $ 2.29 approx. Pretty Neat . I don't think i can think of finding it anywhere else. It is not very Bright yet is Clean Market to go to. They don't do returns or exchanges so please be sure what you buy.
5	This store is way cheaper than any other store selling similar products. It has some very unique middle-eastern "stuff" which may interest people from that area. For me the highlights are yogurt, cheese, roti (bread), spices (nearly everything you need), specialty items like raisins, pine-nuts etc are much cheaper than any other grocery store. They also sell halal meats (mostly frozen).  It is clean and well maintained. In many ways it is a bit hidden so people may not know about it.  My main reason to give it a review is to make sure that people do visit it and so it does not run out of business.
1	I have been a loyal customer since they reopened. I've dropped thousands of dollars in this store because of their selection and I like to support local businesses. Today I walked in at 5:55pm to an abnormally busy crowd. The obese guy in charge yelled at me the second I walked through the door "We're closed!" I can pick my shisha up and be out in 5 minutes.  This will be the LAST time I ever support this business. The treatment I received could have been relayed in a more respective manner. I've referred countless customers to them. Never again! Keep this behavior up and you will continue to lose loyal customers!
