2	I was seriously considering giving this a 1 star rating, because I feel a two star rating is too generous. This is a Long John Silver / A&W multi branded restaurant. I am reviewing only the Long John Silver side of this business. Long John Silver's have been running a TV campaign promoting their Freshside Grille menu items. A friend from work and I decided to give it a try. I ordered the Grilled Pacific Salmon Platter and a medium drink and that came to $10.36. The Salmon portion was small, but I will admit, it tasted very good. The failure of this place came from the corn-on-the-cob that tasted like it had been boiled for 3 days and vegetables that were not warm. The soda fountain was a mess, and the tables were all dirty. We had to select the "least dirty" table to eat our meal. I don't recommend it place at all. There are plenty of fast food restaurants in the area and you don't need to settle for this.
2	Food is OK for fried fish and chicken planks, Staff are nice but seem under staffed each visit. Had to wait 5-6 minutes to place order. Drinks should come with combo meals but had to order drinks separately at a $1.69 each for two  regular drinks WOW!! Self serve condiments area seem messy and crowded with other customers. I prefer the prepackaged tarter and cocktail sauce, I think it is safer... A Popcorn shrimp and chicken plank platter cost $15.43 total  for two people. A little pricey I think.
4	Their shakes were good.
4	The place is very clean. Service was fast. They need to upgrade their type of fries.
2	So I stopped by to pick up some lunch today and wish I hadn't. I have worked in this area for over 3 years but have only stopped here twice. I remember why after the first time I didn't come back. I really just do not like A&W's burgers or fries. The fries were bland and I believe McD's or Carl's have better fries. The burger, well it was just bland. The flavor came from the "special" sauce (thousand island) on top. The cheese was not melted and just didn't work for me. The service was fast, but just like other drive-thru's, I could barely understand what the guy was saying. There was no one else in line but once I got up to the window, he was rushing to give me my food. It was just odd to me, especially since I was the only one!
3	During recent visits to Long John Silvers A&W on Windmill, I have experienced a greater attention to customer service. A few visits ago, I felt it necessary to call the manager about a visit. The manager did a great job over the phone and offered complimentary sundaes on a future visit. Thankfully, on a subsequent visit, the speed at which my food arrived was much faster. My last visit, a few days ago, at the time of the review, was both fast and the food tasted fresh. I like the 50's and 60's music and decor inside. If you are a T-Mobile customer, the cell signal is amazing at this location. I hope my next visit will be as good.
1	well i have to say i gave this place 2 shots and i will never teturn a third time.  The store on windmill is usually dirty and when eating in with another person you get your food at different times.  nothing like eating with a friend with nothing in front of them.  Then go to their website and try and find hours of operation......NONE.... When i called to find out i was so surprised nobody answered the phone and the voice mail box was full...never again...  Oh and BTW the tarter sauce is the worst i was even willing to stop and get some at smiths.
4	Good food, nothing spectacular.  Prices are a bit high compared to other fast food.  You sort of need to be in the mood for this place.  I do feel like the burgers have more of a home cooked taste than the other fast food joints.  This specific A&W also has a Long John Silvers so it's good for those that want either A&W or LJ's.  The service was a bit slow.  Took longer to get my food than most places and I also thought the hamburger meat was slightly salty this time around.  I have eaten here several times though and it's normally salty like this from my experience.
1	The only thing fast about this fast food joint is the employee turnover.Long waits in line and understaffed by people who don't want to be there.Truly dreadful.
1	I go to fast food places everyday of the week since I do not have kids. I must go to Long Johns twice a year...so this was Tue, 6:30pm, I go to their drive thru, and order a Cod and shrimp basket from the ad that was up on their board. They do not have it. So I try and order an L1, which consists of fish and shrimp. They inform me they do not have shrimp...kinda like going to burger king and they do not have burgers, or mcd and they cannot make me a number 1, big mac meal....i understand they might be out of cod, since it's their special, but the sign was up and it wasnt even that late...anyway, i wont be back. I should have read the other reviews before even wasting my time.
1	I was in the mood for root beer, weird craving I know and I headed here on my lunch break. I got in line in the drive thru and waited and waited and waited for someone to take my order. No dice, so I was hoping to just back out of the drive thru but someone had already pulled in behind me so I pulled forward in line. Unfortunately I was now stuck between several cars and I had yet to put my order in. The process was so slow and each car ahead of me was waiting there for what seemed like forever. After about 15-20 I finally got to the window and was tempted to just leave but I had been waiting for so long I wanted my order and wanted to let them know that the speaker wasn't working. The girl at the window came to help me and looked at me puzzled since I hadn't placed an order. I informed her that no one was answering at the ordering thingy-majig and she immediately realized she had shut it off by mistake. She looked horrified and offered me a discount for my trouble, so I figured I'd just order my drink and an order of cheese curds (since all the ads on the side of the building that I had been staring at for 20 minutes now had me curious). I paid and the price seemed low, but since she said she was giving me a discount, I didn't think twice. Finally my order came out and she handed me my cheese curds, no root beer. I then realized she didn't even hear my order for the root beer and by this point I was totally over it and just left. This place is inefficient and so unorganized. No thank you.
1	I generally am a patient person, and understand that mistakes happen and ultimately  fast food isn't the best profession in the world and asking for something special can be a bit hard to manage especially with many orders.... but damn this is the worst restaurant I've been to in my entire life!!!It was nearly empty and we had placed orders simple substitutions; a basically plain burger and one item off of another burger. Not only did the person taking our order sigh at me when I wanted to make sure it didn't have cheese, she had  to talk to the cook each and every time we ordered an item to clarify to the chef. When we finally got our burgers they were kid sized (We've been to A&W's before and they were wayyy smaller), Both burgers were nearly plain except 1 item (Not how we ordered them),  they forgot our onion rings, and I was sighed at again when I asked for them. I'm not sure if it was out of spite or incompetence, but THEY MADE US ONLY FOUR ONION RINGS AND THEY WERE MADE WITH FISH BATTER! (My girlfriend's slightly allergic to fish, but these combo places usually have separate kitchens so we risked coming)We were frankly insulted, but were practically afraid to make another complaint so we just stormed out and got food elsewhere at a place that had no problem making our order right, even with 10+ people in line....I would never eat at this restaurant again even if the food was free. We paid $17 for probably the equivalent of a few dollar menu items elsewhere, and spent half an hour in an empty restaurant , and got faster ACCURATE service from a drive-thru elsewhere with 10+ cars....It's a shame since there's so few A&W's and they are not a bad fast food joint usually, but if this is the quality of employee and restaurant I can easily see why there's so few in Las Vegas..
1	Never again!We were not able to order ANY food for the drive thru never took my order.  Me and the lady behind me had to back out after sitting for 13 minutes!!!Should have known after trying to go here 2 other times which were unsuccessful as well.  NEVER AGAIN and it's only a matter of time before this location is shut down.  what a shame.
2	My boyfriend and i just went here (yes, Jerome and I are still together. I can't believe it, either. I must really love him). oh yeah, my review:1. they were out of chicken pieces2. they were out of cheese-curd sides3. they were out of Mountain Dew4. they never refilled the tartar sauce container5. the booths and tables were dirty6. no napkins anywhere in sight - had to ask for some at the counter7. they took too long getting our order8. WE DIDN'T RING THE BELL WHEN WE LEFTwhew ! that was painful. so long, until next time. now i want something sweet. i wonder if i should ask if they have any pies or cakes..... naaaaaawwww..........
2	First time there, last time I will come back.  I really just came in for a rootbeer which they no longer have on tap, which makes me very sad.  But i was in the mood for fish.  I ordered one of there combos and the service here was awesome, thats the only reason why they got another star from me.  The staff is great.  Anyway the fish was way too salty, everything was dipped in oil, and truthfully after I ate the food I regret my decision.  It didnt sit right, and i felt disgusted.  Everything was room temp and after walking out the door, i knew I was not coming back.
