5	We have been going to Polo cleaners for over five years now. Always on time. They do excellent work and sort everything properly and pack carefully. Thy will even deliver if you want. Prices are good and I've never left there without them thanking me graciously for my business. Solid Five Star Lasvegaswil rating. Give me any feedback you have as well.
5	I've been looking for a local dry cleaner that is reasonably priced and does a great job with their services.  It's taken me several tries with different cleaners that are a bit further than I like to travel.  Little did I know that there is a cleaners nearby me that does great work and has very reasonable prices.  Even your ticket includes the prices so you're not stuck wondering what the dry cleaning bill will be when you pick up your clothes.  Too bad this family owned spot doesn't advertise or have a website; I would have found them sooner if they did.  The owner didn't seem too concerned about wanting a website or doing much advertising, so they must be doing well.  Either way, I hope this review sends more business their way.  They are very courteous and I am very pleased with using them as my cleaners.
5	Along with doing a good job at reasonable prices, as others have mentioned, they have a drive-up service window so my wife doesn't have to get the kiddo out of the car to pick up the dry cleaning.
5	Fabulous - took them a $300 sweater with large red wine stain, got it back in 2 days like new! Only cost $3.75!
5	I read a review on the owners being nice... I have no clue who the owners are, but I have been going there for months and every single person is fast, helpful and friendly. I take all my clothes there twice a week and I have never had an issue and they do all kinds of things to make sure my clothes are perfect.
5	Very nice. I'm very impressed with the quality of my blazers and the time it took to pick up.  I love how they have a driver thru for convenience and the price was reasonable (3 blazers for $14).  I'm definitely using them from here on.  There's a significant difference in taking it to a professional dry cleaner like here versus a $1.99 dry cleaner.
5	Love this dry cleaner they are hands down the best place to have your items cleaned and washed!!
2	I have been looking for a dry cleaner and decided to try this place out because of all the 5 star reviews here on Yelp. Plus, it wasn't too far away from my house. When I walked in the first time, the two guys who were running the store looked extremely busy. Looked like they were loading up their delivery van and helping the customer in front of me at the same time. As I waited a few minutes, I noticed that the place was a little unorganized. There was a bunch of hangers on the floor behind the registers and clothes piled up by the sewing machine. Didn't think much of it at the time. Seemed like they were very busy and had many customers. The guy who helped me wasn't too friendly, but he wasn't rude either. It was a Monday evening and he asked me if I wanted to pick up my clothes on Wednesday or Thursday. I told him it was no rush, so my pick up time was Thursday after 5pm. The prices were:$8.50 for a dress$4.99 for a blazer$3.95 for a sweaterPayment being due at time of pick up.On Thursday after I picked up my dry cleaning and got home, I noticed that my clothes smelled really bad. I mean really, really bad. Sort of like body odor.....and no, it wasn't from me! I don't know if it was from the chemicals they used or what, but it was just horrible! I put the clothes in my closet at first. Later I noticed that my entire closet had that horrible smell. So, I moved my clothes into the guest room, next to the open window, with the fan on full blast to try to air them out. Still airing out as we speak. :( ugh!!! I inspected my clothes and they looked clean, but whatever they used really stinks!!For this reason, I won't be returning. I seriously can't believe that this place has a 5 star rating. Sorry Yelpers, I am disappointed with you all about this one. My search for a good dry cleaner continues...Located on Tropicana and Fort Apache, behind McDonald's.
5	By far the best dry cleaners Ever!!!!!! I've been going here for 8+ years. Always friendly, always on time, never an issue. They remember your name and is always polite. I've had multiple alterations here from minor to major work done. No other place alters my pants, formal dresses, or suits like they do. Felt I had to rate and recommend because it truly deserves every star and then some. Consistent and affordable. I wouldn't go anywhere else.
5	We have been coming here now for about 2 yrs. An i have to say this place is great not only do all our clothes come out perfect every time, the service is impeccable. They're always nice and greet you with a smile and by name. It a family run businrss which gives it that specual touch as well an they take pride in their business. They have done hemming for me as well as sewing things that i have ripped  or snagged an it has always been perfect. They're very fast and get you in n out and they even have a drive up window if you're in a hurry and really don't have time to get out of the car. The prices are great and very reasonable. I highly recommend them for your dry cleaning needs. We have recently moved an it's a little drive to take our clothes but it's well worth it. Wouldn't go anywhere else...
3	My husband has used this place a few times and has been happy with the prices and service.  I went with him today to pick up his clothes and can't believe how dirty this place is inside! The dust bunnies practically jump off the walls and clothes racks to say hello to you. I had a sneezing fit just standing in the lobby for two minutes.  I don't understand how you can call yourselves a cleaners when the place is so dirty. I gave three stars because my husband thinks they do good work.  As for me, I would never dream of leaving my clothes here.
