1	would not recomend for nothing got me for set up did not say price up front, advertise low price but at the end got for set up and design wich I send them my previous design and they never told me my art work did not work for them they just did it and when I told them im not paying keep calling and asking for payment for art work that I send them so do not use them would not recomend this company
5	High quality work. Honest folks.
5	We use ABD for our business cards and brochure services.  We have been very pleased with both their attentiveness and turn around time.  I would recommend them to other business with similar needs.
5	My wife is a local Realtor in Sedona Arizona (Sheri Sperry - http://eSedona.biz) and I do all her marketing for her.  Last year (2013), I decided to try ABD Marketing & Printing to see if they could provide the product (post card campaign).  Dave DelVecchio and his team were impressive. His pricing was competitive and the product was top quality.  He was able to accommodate custom features.  However, the real test of a company, is what they do for a customer when something goes wrong.  You can expect World Class Service from this business. I highly recommend them to all.  You will not be disappointed!
5	I went over to ADB for my company's business cards recently and was pleasantly surprised at the results. We were able to work out the design, which we got feedback on, and were able to get a full order in less time that it would have taken to get them printed at any other location, and they were cheaper as well! ABD is a great resource in the west valley!
5	Great place. We have ordered stuff from there twice and were extremely pleased with the work that was done. We will be doing all of our ordering for cards, magnets, and all of our business needs from now on. The quality of the products they make are far superior to the othe company I was using online.Also the people that work there are fantastic, friendly and are very good at what they do. Keep up the good work
