4	Seriously? I am the first review for Gymboree?! My daughter has been attending weekly classes here for over a year. She loves it. They change up the gym set-up often, so it keeps things fresh for the kids. The ladies who work there are lovely and really kind to the children. Bonus - open play time on Tuesday and Thursday afternoons (and maybe Sundays, too), which is great when the weather's not fabulous.
4	Have been to multiple Saturday birthday parties at this Gymboree - including my daughter's 3rd birthday party.  Typically 90 minute parties, I believe for a reasonable price per kid.  You provide cupcakes, ice cream, juice boxes, etc.  I believe they can even do theme parties if you want.  It's a great place for kids to expend some energy.The children receive a good mix of free time to explore, climb, run, etc balanced with organized activities led by one of their employees.  Our daughter loves it.  I would imagine some of the success depends on who is leading the activities - there is no one size fits all, meaning some instructors are better with certain kids and certain aged kids.The organized parties feel a little rushed given all of the activities and free-play time they want to cram into 90 minutes and I wish there was more than one instructor/staff member onsite at a time, but other than that, I strongly recommend for an inexpensive alternative to backyard birthday parties.
4	My oldest daughter went to Gymboree about 4 years ago when she was an infant all the way until she was 3 yrs old.  Now we have my youngest 2.5 year old in classes and as a parent you're always searching for cool things to do with your kids, that don't cost an arm and a leg.Gymboree fits the bill.  My kids learn something and they have fun climbing around on all of the cool things they have setup.  Every week there's a different theme, this week it was "farm" and they got to pretend they were animals.  The greatest thing IMO is the fact that they learn to interact with other children their age and start the process of socialization.  I must admit, that parachute time is awesome and both of my daughters thoroughly enjoy that part of the class.Just recently they updated the entire place and they have an entire new look.  New climbing things, and all new things for the kids to play with.  Along with a fresh coat of paint it makes the entire experience well worth it.The teachers that lead the class are all wonderful and are very focused on making sure the kids are having fun and everyone participates.  Ms. Kia is my kids favorite and she is really good with the children.
4	Going to class with my baby accomplishes three things:1) It gets us out of the house. 2) it provides socialization for both of us. 3) it's fun! We've been attending the 0-6 month class for a month and a half now. My baby loves watching the other babies and participating in the fun activities. I also like the teachers. They are all very friendly and great with kids. I would also say this location is clean, which is very important! They sanitize all the toys and objects used in every class as soon as we are finished with them. My only complaint would be the price. I know baby classes aren't typically cheap, so I wasn't too surprised when I found out what the monthly membership fee was. Luckily, I joined while they were running a promotion, so I saved a little money that way.
