2	Remember when this was Sunflower Market and it was awesome and rarely were things out of stock and carried just about everything I needed? Seems those days are over. In the last 3 weeks Sprouts has been out of at least one thing on every trip I have made there. Last week in one trip from my shopping list they were out of Cinnamon sticks, bulk unbleached white flour, super dark roast bulk coffee, tofutti sour cream, and they no longer carry Sriracha. When I brought this to the attention of the store manager (who doesn't seem to be the sharpest crayola in the box) he seemed really apathetic. Yep, seems Sprouts has ruined what use to be a good thing.
1	They now close at 10pm instead of 11pm. I am taking away another star.
3	When Sunflower Market changed hands and turned into Sprouts, I was skeptical and saddened over the takeover.  Although I miss Sunflower Market, the scrappy underdog of the Arizona grocery world, Sprouts will have to do as my go-to place for fresh, cheap produce and bulk items.  They still have the great produce sales, and offer double ad Wednesdays, but I've noticed some of the products have changed, and for some reason they carry every incarnation of canned tomato now except stewed tomatoes (Which is usually the type of canned tomato I need to buy if I am in this store).  Minus some points for closing an hour earlier now too!
4	This used to be a Sunflower market. Now it is Sprouts. But, to me it does not fully feel like a Sprouts.I have to say that I liked it when it was Sunflower better.I know that does not seem fair, but something about the vibe is much different here.It is a nice store, it  is clean. I cannot place what is not quite right. For one thing they just had a vitamin sale, along with all the herbs. Everything was 25% percent off.  But, every thing was so high priced, I did buy a few items. But, when I got home I just felt I had paid too much.I will give them yet another try soon. I have been there about 4 times since they changed. Maybe things will be better in the spring. Cool!
3	This is a medium size grocery store.  I visit this store for vitamins and herbs that I can't find in the WF or F&E that I pass on the way to this store.  They carry some herbal things for kids in Sprouts like kick-it Immune.  I definitely like this store for those things and I will continue to go here.I'm not a fan of the layout of this store.  It oddly has row of shelves that are  parallel to the front door.  That is odd for a grocery store of this size.  It does have the things I buy the most along the perimeter of the store.I'm not very impressed with the service in Sprouts stores in general.  Not like you find in WF or F&E.  All in all, I will return.
1	When they were Sunflower it was an awesome store but I went in today to discover that a lot has changed for the worse and I even talked with the manager who really takes his job a little to on the power trip side to discover he really does not care at all about if people have questions or even have an issue...I give this location 6 month and it will be done!
3	Initially, I was pleased that Sunflower was changing to Sprouts, as I had shopped the Sprouts on Ray/Dobson, along with Sunflower, WF, and a little Safeway.Something has changed since the merger. I still buy the organic meats and produce, dairy, and supplements as before, but the employees don't seem to like their jobs very much..The checkers act like they are doing me a big favor by scanning my groceries. They often don't smile or even say thank you when we're done. To be blunt, they appear to have hired a bunch of bitchy little girls, except for the old guy, who also never smiles.I realize old school customer service is long gone, and many employees are not trained properly, but I really wish this location had a self-checkout, so I wouldn't have to put up with little girls with bad attitudes.The Ray/Dobson location has the usual collection of health food store employees - interesting looking people with lots of tats, but I don't care what they look like, they are way more customer service oriented than Southern/McClintock.
1	This place has gone downhill since Sprouts has taken over this location. The service is horrible now. With 6 or 7 employees behind the deli counter I was ignored like I wasn't even there. Finally an ugly little toad came over and asked me what I wanted. When I told him a sandwich he flipped a pad to me and said fill it out. When I asked for a pencil the toad just walked away. Meantime the other 6 employees milled around like they were too busy to help the growing line behind me. Finally I just left and did my shopping for the weekend at Whole Foods. Whole foods charges a little more but the experience and quality are un-matched by this Sprouts location.
4	This is getting to be more of a Sprouts now that I have been going here more often. The ghost of Sunflower has left the Building. It is still hard for me to find things that I want in this store though. I could not find the Buffalo meat here for the longest time. Everything is getting really high priced here as well.  A lot like Wholefoods which is also in my hood.I did buy quite a few Gluten free products whilst here. They have quite a few to choose from. But all at a high price. It is OK, the staff is nice/I just always feel as if I have to search when I come here to shop.Though it seems like a smaller store than the one on 19th ave. In Phoenix, which is probably my favorite Sprouts.I know change is hard, and apparently it is for me as well.
5	Usually go to Fry's because I thought that was cheaper than alternatives, but after going here for a couple weeks it's definitely cheaper. I buy a lot of produce, so I think that plays into it. But it's always great quality too. The people are nice, haven't had much of a wait. Helpful staff, etc.
4	I work across the street for the last three years and it just dawned on me that this now Sprouts used to be Sunflower Market.  Wow, goes to show you just how busy I've been.  Besides, I did most of my shopping at Fry's.  Anyway, since the hub and I have been on this "eating healthy" mode, we find this place to be more food- and wallet-friendly.  I like browsing the isles to check out new tastes.  And it's small enough to explore without feeling overwhelmed.  I do agree with others that the lines get super long at times.  One Tuesday night, I think there were like 50 people in line with only three registers open. Now, that's not friendly customer service cause I was getting cranky.  You know a line is too long when you feel like you're about to 'bust the move.'
1	I visited Sprouts for the first time today and decided I would never go back.  I was there to pick up half and half but they did not offer any that was not ultra-pasteurized.  That is dead food which should never be in a store hiding behind the disguise of natural.  Read about that process and it will shock you.  I also think their meat is not the free range, anti-biotic free, or grass fed that it ought to be.
4	I am a fan because we finally have one in Tempe! They keep the store pretty clean and well stocked. I would say produce is 50/50, they have great sales but sometimes I look hard and can't find anything that looks like it's in good enough condition to take home. Okay, I was so excited to get a Sprouts for the sandwich bar- pro's, yummy alternative to Subway, good quality, cheap...con's- they charge more than they should almost everytime, they have more staff than they need when the young kids are back there talking and ignoring people placing orders, and you can wait an average of 20 minutes for a sandwich (make sure they take your order!- I have walked around the whole store, come back to find my order still sitting there).
5	i love Sprouts. Plain and simple. They have the best pricing on essential oils out of anywhere I've seen, their produce is never lacking or over priced, and the staff is always friendly and knowledgeable. I was looking for Epsom salt while i was in there, and the girl told me their distributor was out for some reason. the only Epsom salt they had was in a tiny pint sized carton for $2.99. Anyone who has ever bought Epsom salt knows that outrageous. She apologized to me like 3 different times for the store being out, which obviously was in no way her fault. I wanted to hug her she was so sweet. I still walked out of Sprouts spending $60 on a cart FULL of produce and i was happy as can be, even without my salt. Sprouts will forever be my grocery store of choice.
4	I'm not sure how you could possibly have an issue with this great market. The quality of the food is great. It's fresh and they have an amazing amount of choices and always have great sales. I walk out of there spending far less than I do when I visit Fry's or any other grocery store and I am far happier with my purchuse.  As far as the staff, they have been nothing but pleasant and helpful and I go there a couple times a week. Recommended
2	There have been a lot of changes that have come about since the switchover from sunflower to sprouts. Some of them have been an improvement (the produce) and,  others, not so much. I was still coming here until that one time the cashier decided to chastise me for grabbing 6 limes/ instead of 5, when the special was 5 for $1. She brought it to my attention, which I appreciated. I expressed a little lament for picking up one too many, said it was fine...just to keep going. In my mind that should have been the end of it. Unfortunately, my reaction resulted in this little gem, "you just said you wanted 5 limes. I'm just very confused. Do you want 5 or 6 limes? you need to make up your mind". uh okay...somebody was having a bad day, apparently. Regardless, totally not an acceptable tone for the workplace. It was just kind of nasty, and I don't think I'll be coming back.
4	I live right next to this sprouts and I love it!! I'm a vegetarian, so being right by a healthy grocery store is definitely a plus. Their deli sandwiches are delicious, and their produce prices are phenomenal. I don't shop for all of my food here, as most of it besides produce it is a little pricey, but its still one of my favorite places to shop.
5	I love sprouts! The organic apples are not so expensive here. And I don't mind that they are not produce of USA. The coconut popsicle and banana popsicle although kind of expensive, are the best ones I have ever had, must try! And please bring back the soft persimmons, they were so yammy! And there is so much left for me to explore. Will take and upload some pictures next time.
4	If you live or visit Tempe, you know this store has been here for a long time. However, up until 2 years ago it was Sunflower Market.Now I really liked Sunflower Market. It had a lot of things I really liked!I am coming to really like Sprouts as well. Once I could finally let go of the fact that Sunflower has left the building. Much like Elvis.....Anyway, Sunday night rolls around and I am still short on things for the week (food wise). Plus ,I need things for Breakfast and my lunches this week.So after we had gone out to dinner I stopped here. Of course it is Sunday Night in College town and it is packed full of folks inside.The parking lot was full of cars, the store was full of people.However, I managed to get everything I needed for a good price and was out the door. All in about 12 min. Pretty good right!So I guess it is not so bad after all.They do carry a really good selection of fruit and veg and that is what I was looking for so it was made easy for me.
4	Awesome selection! The veggies are so yummy and fresh!  And they have some of the best selections of gelato in tempe!
4	Way too many people are wringing their hands about this switching from Sunflower to Sprouts. Well, they need to get over it, because it was a good merger. Both Sprouts and Sunflower carried nearly the same stuff, and I find some things have changed for the better here. I once had to return some pre-peeled garlic cloves because they were moldy--and that was when they were Sunflower! I haven't noticed any issues with old stock going bad since then.Of the Sprouts stores I shop at, I like this one the best for the people-watching. Although it skews younger, there is still a good mix of ages that shop here. I'm especially fond of the double-coupon Wednesdays, because it seems to bring out all of the cougars in yoga pants! Squeee!I shop here primarily for the excellent prices on produce. When red bell peppers are regularly 3-for-a-$1 and green bells 2-for-a-buck, I can't justify buying them anywhere else. I like the loose baby bella mushrooms and the reasonably priced Pink Lady apples too. They also have a good selection of frozen food that you just don't find anywhere else. Frozen roast duck, for instance.I have learned from experience not to buy the bulk cut cheese, however. What was advertised as sharp white cheddar barely qualified as American cheese and tasted largely like the plastic wrap (blech!). I do, however, find that they carry a good selection of name-brand cheeses... just don't buy that bulk cut stuff! The other thing I frequently pick up here (except for the occasional desperate housewife) is the fresh naan bread and sourdough loaves. Good stuff!Very tricky of them to put all of the bulk sweets near the register, as I cannot help but give that section a once-over whilst making my way towards the the checkout line. And although I may be tempted to buy some of their dark-chocolate toffee-covered peanuts (ooh... they are really indulgent), my real agenda here is to linger. I linger so that I can hand pick the checkout line most likely to contain single ladies (who will be impressed by my stunning rutabagas). Just kidding... I never buy rutabagas.
4	Staff is friendly and helpful. I was a little worried after Spouts took over Sunflower location, but it is still great! The produce is still a great price and good quality. My friends are able to get gluten free items. The deli is nice too.
4	Shopped here few times before when it was Sunflower Market.  Didn't know Sprouts took it over until I was at the nearby Sweet Tomatoes having dinner.  The store was huge and very bright and it has everything I was looking for.  I especially love their organic produce section where they have the freshest veggies and fruits in-stock.  Will definitely go back again next time I'm in the area.
5	I come to Sprouts more for their ready made food rather than groceries. The deli sandwiches are the freshest out there, and nothing can touch the quality for the price. Along with my fresh sandwich I usually get a side of pudding. The quality is always great, I love the freshness of the sandwich, the deli folks are always helpful and patient. Checkout was fast, I was in and out probably faster than most drive through fast food joints. Overall a great experience.
4	This place has great deals on produce, a solid selection of organic products,  as well as your normal grocery store essentials such as meat,  dairy, bread, beer and wine.   Definitely worth checking out.
4	I thought it was fairly reasonable. I mean I can get a sandwich and chips here for less then Jimmy John's and they are just as good!
3	I came to this location looking for beef ribs and was annoyed that they didn't carry them.  However I did notice that the meat they did carry looked amazing and were priced surprisingly cheap.  I picked up a package of amazing pork chops for $4!  The parking lot is a little crazy and the lines were slow and ridiculously long; seriously it took over ten minutes to check out.
4	I'm always a Sprouts fan, and Henry's before that, and Boney's before that.  It's nice to find one in Az like the one near me in Cali.  This trip I was looking for ingredients to make homemade baby wipes including Witch Hazel, Aloe Vera, and Dr. Bonners Castile liquid soap.  I was mainly pricing but their price on the castile soap was good enough I just bought a bottle of the lavender version for $6.99.  If I'd had more time I would've looked around more but we were out running a ton of errands so I just made a fast run.  The employees were as helpful and knowledgeable as ever. The checkout line was fast. Parking was easy.  I will be back!
5	Like any other Sprouts they meet my expectation. Produce is always good. One of favorite spot here is the deli. Those sandwich and soup combo is always on point. I even tried their fruit vegan muffin, oh man those were really good! Overall, Sprouts is one of my fav stores!
4	The customer service at Sprouts is really greatEveryone is very nice and friendly at the check-out line, at the deli counter, and in the produce sectionI enjoy strolling around the store and seeing all the healthy eatsI usually only go to Sprouts for fruits and vegetablesThey have good sales on the items and the produce is always freshI have peeked around in their wine section
4	On a scale of one to hipster this Sprouts is an Urban Outfitters employee wearing a denim vest in the most un-ironic way,  drinking a PBR and ridiculing you for your music choices. This location is STUPID with hipsters, employees included, who lack self-awareness and manners, making a shopping trip more difficult than it has to be for myself and the rest of the normals who shop here. But. This is a good Sprouts. Despite its hipster homing device, this is a well stocked, clean, organized beautiful Sprouts that meets many of my organic food preferences. There are only a couple of things that I wish this location had:  more organic/free range poultry options and bulk bins for salad greens. Otherwise, the options here are pretty endless and the sales are fantastic. They offer an extensive produce section that rivals a Whole Foods in terms of variety and organic options. I am a Trader Joe's loyalist, but sometimes Sprouts just does produce better. I LOVE their olive bar! If you like olives, you will too. They offer a variety of olives from Kalamatas to dry cured to more of the less common green varieties like castelvetrano. There's also usually marinated mozzarella, feta/olive salads, marinated peppers, etc which make this section perfect for building cheese boards for your next fancy party. If you're into supplements and vitamins, Sprouts is also on par with Whole Foods but probably cheaper and again, their sales are great. Wednesdays are "double coupon" days since their specials run from Wednesday to Wednesday instead of Wednesday to Tuesday like most other stores. Again I cannot stress the human element that prevents me from giving this store five stars. Even the cashiers (except for maybe two) are terrible, socially awkward weirdos who round out the shopping experience in a way that it shouldn't be rounded out. So if you can get past the human interaction, you'll come to like this Sprouts as much as I do.
3	Because this store is only a couple blocks from my home, I rely on it heavily, though it continues to be a little rough around the edges. A tightening up of procedures is probably in order as I once saw a staff member in produce fluffing up the bulk greens mixture with his bare hands.  Also, the bulk items section requires a fastidiousness that is not evident - too often, even early in the day, the plastic scoops, especially for stickier items like the mango and candied ginger slices, look like they haven't been cleaned in a week.  In fact, the stickier bulk items really require a different storage and access system, because those products often require a reach toward the rear of the drop-down bin.  Having seen young children and all manner of humanity reach into those bins has left me hesitant to indulge. Fry's, which is about four blocks away, is a much bigger store, appears to run a tighter ship, and has more reliable quality, but has fewer organic products.  One of the strengths of Sprouts is their organic greens, which is important to me, especially considering that I start each day with a kale smoothie.  Other strengths, in addition to organic vegetables, is the nutrition/vitamin/supplements section, and the meat section (though the prepared-meats are frustratingly inconsistent).  High-quality wild-caught fish, particularly salmon, are often on sale at attractive prices.  The store promotes itself as a "farmers market" providing an abundance of "natural" products, which strikes me as a stretch.  For example, the last time I looked, I could find no pastries that didn't contain a lengthy list of ingredients that I could not pronounce. The bakery products section in general, however, seems to have improved in recent months.  Also improved is the aforementioned bulk section which has more products that are free of additives and coloring.  Bulk chocolate products, however, are not particularly high quality, which is probably to my benefit (for top-notch bulk items, WholeFoods prevails, albeit at higher prices).  All in all, for the things that I buy, Sprouts, for the most part, delivers.  A mostly friendly and competent staff makes my shopping experience enjoyable - to say nothing of the complimentary coffee near the entrance.
2	Could you maybe consider faster service? This is the slowest and laziest check out I've ever experienced. And it's a weekly experience mind you it's the closest grocery store. I can't count the number of times I've been late because of the poor service.
1	I like Sprouts, it's just this location is a bit hit or miss. It was the same way when it was Sunflower Market to be honest and I notice a lot of the same employees still work there. Just a lot of little stuff I've noticed since I started going back there like long lines, not being greeted by cashiers, employees stocking shelves making no motion to budge, etc. Don't get me wrong, some of the employees are friendly, but a lot just seem miserable. To highlight my point I should've taken a picture of the exact same sandwich I got from the deli at the Ray location vs the Tempe location and I think that would underscore the lack of a attention to detail.Update: Downgraded to a 1 for some of the stuff I've gone through the last couple of times I've been there.
1	Bought a can of their coconut water.  Got deathly sick after drinking it.  Contacted Sprouts through their website just to tell them what happened.  No response.  I guess  customers getting sick on their products just doesn't matter.
1	This is the slowest grocery store known to man.  I've never waited this longer at any  grocery store checkout... ever and there was only 1 person ahead of me with 1 or 2 items.  Yes this is how this grocery store works.  It takes them 1-2 hours to process one customer with 1-2 items.  It was about 8:20 PM on a Sunday.I get tired of waiting and head over to the next lane and was rudely stopped by someone behind now cutting in front me saying, "Excuse me!".  It turns out to be another employee.  There was no else in line.  I was supposed to be next.  It turns out this employee held up the line another 1-2 hours making every one wait not to mention cutting in line.  I ended up leaving my groceries on the lane and leaving the store for good.  This is not the first time the checkout was slow.  I saw one couple after waiting in line for 15 minutes for 1 customer decide to switch lanes as well.I used to love Sprouts when I lived in Austin but the people at this location stink.  It feels so impersonal walking into this store, like walking into a Walmart in a bad area.  But even the local Walmart here is much friendlier. This is the ASU area.  All the local grocery stores around here are friendly except this one.They need to learn how to run a store.
1	It is unfortunate that Sprouts, having tweaked some weaknesses in recent months, would jeopardize their accomplishments by what appears to be an inexplicable corporate decision.  When product testers at the magazine "Consumer Reports" review an item that has what they consider fatal flaws or dangerous qualities, they proclaim it "Unacceptable", and that designation can portend the end of a product line (think Isuzu Trooper). Such a designation has been earned by Sprouts Market because of the decision to replace gravity-feed systems in the bulk foods with plastic tubs that will be the repository of all the tumbling dandruff, and other less benign human detritus, when consumers reach deep into these buckets. When so many are concerned about viruses and other pathogens, it is beyond me how corporate decision-makers could institute such a bonehead policy.  My days of buying bulk items at Sprouts Market are over.
4	OK, I've gotten over the bitterness of the Sunflower Market downfall and Sprouts continues to be my go-to place for fresh produce. The employees here are friendly, and I never have a problem finding something tempting to take home!
3	I started going to this Sprouts back when it was Sunflower and...I was a college hipster (please don't kill me, it was a phase).  Now that I've left those dark times behind me, this Sprouts is still my go-to store for produce, but isn't quite as versatile as I would like it to be.  Produce is generally pretty decent and always cheaper or on par with other stores.  Plus Wednesdays are double-ad days, so you can make use of both last week's and this week's ads.  They have a large variety of organic produce and organic brands, which is great if you're into that but if you're not and on a budget, it can be kind of a pain because they don't necessarily stock all the other, "normal", cheaper stuff.  Sales on meat aren't generally spectacular but they do sell some pretty good brats and have an awesome deli that sells sandwiches for $2.99 - great for a cheap and healthy lunch!  Milk's never on sale here either so I generally have to stop by another store to get that, along with meat and other non-organic stuffs.  They do give you the option of paper or plastic which I love, just cause using a paper bag makes me feel accomplished...don't ask.
3	Preferred it prior to merger. It is a good but over priced market. Vitamin section expensive. Fresh flowers were not fresh.
