4	Recently opened, this new Herb Box location is doing some business!  I went for lunch today with a friend, and we had to wait 30 minutes to get seated!  Aside from the hostesses being a bit clueless (they didn't know if the menu at this location was the same as the other or not), we enjoyed our meal.The location used to be Cafe Citron - they did a great job fixing it up.  One side is the eatery and the other is the market... and an outdoor patio is a plus!  They've still got some kinks to work on with service, but the food is just as good as the other location; especially those sweet potato chips!My friend had the 'Urban Market Steak Salad' and I have to say, it looked much better than my 'Albacore Tuna Salad Pita' was... I think that the rent may be higher in this location since the menu prices seemed even higher than those at the other location too.  Not positive though.  I recommend this place if you don't mind spending $12 - $20 on lunch... amazing sweet potato chips, chicken chile, sandwiches, salads, and baked goods too.  I'm sure they do a great job with catering, but I don't know that from experience, just a hunch.
4	It's Saturday, it's rainy day... and all I want to to do... is eat. My Dad, boyfriend and I decide to try the new Herb Box location in DC Ranch, even though we've been to the original locations hundreds of times. Upon first walking in, I loved the intimate setting and decor. I will affectionately call this the "Arcadia Farms of North Scottsdale" because of the ladies-lunch like atmosphere. Lucky for the two men that I'm with, we spotted about 3 other guys over time! We ordered the Cilantro-Lime Crab Dip with Plantain Chips. At first, I was startled that the dip was cold, but really got into the bold flavors by the second or third chip. I would have eaten more, but my Dad proceeded to dump half the bowl on his plate and hoover it down! It must have been good! Entrees included the Flatbread with heirloom tomato's, goat cheese and roasted corn, Butternut Squash Enchiladas with a tomatillo salsa, and a boring Tuna Sandwich. I loved the flat bread! It was crispy, and the corn was perfectly sweet to balance out the goat cheese. The enchilada's were very different, light and fresh tasting. The tuna sandwich was boring (Go to Taylor's Cafe for the best Tuna!!) but like Gabi said... the sweet potato chips are amazing and I had to beg the server to take them away from me so I would stop eating! Overall, I really liked this place for a weekend lunch joint! The way I see it, go big or go home.. stuff your face at a place like this maybe once a month, because the price is not something you want to spend every day. But then again... maybe most people don't order like we do :)
4	I found another winner today on the menu at Herb Box... I changed it up a bit and ordered the Market Veggie Pita; it was really good too!  Inside a light pita wrap was a combo of garden salad & red pepper hummus... it came with my fave sweet potato chips and a side of grapes.  All for $9.  Add an iced tea and it's a wonderful lunch!  I also noticed another new addition to the menu at this location:  the Crisp Coconut Shrimp Salad; i'll have to remember to try that next time!I also have to remember to try herb box for dinner - I haven't been yet, but the menu looks fantastic!I sat at the bar with my friend and had attentive service from Joy... We would've had to wait for a table, but the bar worked out well.  Still a huge fan of the Herb Box - if you haven't been, go!
5	Herb Box- DC Ranch is my new fav eatery for organic, locally grown, tasty lunches!Yesterday we took to the kids and started off with their mango (or papaya- I get the two confused) lemonade.  REALLY sweet, but a cool exotic flavor.  BTW, it is great to find a place that welcomes kids without being a true "kids restaurant".  Couples, singles, families, you name it- you've got the gamut of customers here.We had the BBQ Chicken Flat-bread Pizza and Free Range chicken-arugula wrap with candied walnuts and cranberries.  Today (yeah it was so good we had to come back a day later) had the Market Street Tacos- with fillet, fresh avocados, and some sort of what I call "magic sauce" while the kids split the turkey on a cibata (sp?) sandwich.  Hooooooly cow!!  Imagine an explosion of flavors (all wonderful) sparking in your mouth at once.  it is like a symphony of flavors- each one distinct yet complementary to the other.  Honest to goodness magic to your taste buds.  Of course a restaurant review could never get 5 stars unless it has great service- which it did.  But it also had a little something extra.  Great atmosphere, AMAZING food, and a highly textured (and blended femininity and masculinity) decor.  And the overall vibe was very cool.  Not too snotty (even though some of the customers are), relaxed, and open feeling push the Herb Box over the top to receive a 5 star rating.  I don't know what they serve (or if they are even open for breakfast or dinner), but for lunch, this is a perfect choice.  Now that I've belatedly discovered the location in DC Ranch (their Shea location had catered for us before), you will see me here more often.  Hopefully you will enjoy it as much as my family and I do!  Best wishes.Warmly,Kirin :)
4	Not my first time here, but my first time for Breakfast. It was great. I had the Bacon and Egg with cheese Sandwich I asked for NO lettuce and Tomato as that seemed awfully lunchy to me, and it was YUM...I called first to see if I could bring my dog with me if we ate outside and I was surprised to hear that we could...So YAY I found another place to bring Higgins to. They brought him some water and found us a shady spot on the patio. He loves to go out to eat (He is a terrier so he isn't a large dog) and he behaved nicely thank you for asking :)...We went with my daughter who was on Fall Break and she had the Hot Chocolate and doughnuts they looked sinful.The waitress was quite daffy and messed up our order a few times and kept forgetting things, but with the weather being so perfect and the company being excellent it was hard to notice. My Mom went inside and had a muffin and before I left I had to buy some of their sweet potato chips to bring home...those things are like another part of heaven. I hide them in my home office I know it's wrong, but what can I say I love them :)
4	holy hell, why have I not eaten here before. Bomb ass food!Ok, so I had the thai ribs and the market street tacos. I got really ghetto and just ate in the car. Thai ribs fell apart just from touching it with my plastic fork. It was a nice asianish flavor with a background taste of orange, which I normally hate but it was very good.Came with a slaw which I was put off by since I hate mayo. But to my suprise ....no mayo!!!! It was like a sweet vinagrette with cashews and cranberries. Very nice.The market street tacos had some steak, cheese grilled onions and avacado. This was also very good. It would have been about 100 times better minus the corn tortilla. The steak was super tender. I am now obsessed with going back for breakfast!
4	So I went back and got a salad this time, it was good but not great. I did however try the plantain chips which I have never liked... they were super super good.  They werent sweet or like the dehydrated ones you get at the store. Tryed 2 desserts all good
2	****this review is based on breakfast menu only************** Since I love the lunch and dinner soo much I thought I would go for Sunday brunch. First off they had a horrible selection of breakfast, they dont even serve french toast or omelets or breakfast sandwiches. They had a egg breakfast, which is what I got. Consisted of 2 eggs with cheese and bacon and tomato and avocado slices on the side. First off I give it 1 star for appearance. It looked worse that what I could have made at home. The bacon was soggy the eggs were looking like neon yellow and clearly a boxed egg. (which should not be the case with a place like herb box for 9 buck for box eggs and soggy bacon) I could have made it way better at home Jamie got the buckwheat pancakes since they didn't have an option to have buttermilk. The pancakes were super super dry and almost gritty. It said it came with strawberries... I'm not kidding you it was a half strawberry cut in 3 small pieces. It also had dried blueberries which were actually soo gross I could not believe they would not use the fresh ones. Aside from that the only other thing on the menu was custard donut and hot cocoa for 9 bucks wtf? a 9 dollar donut. a bowl of oatmeal for 6 bucks breakfast burrito which the guy next to us got and he took it back. He said it was litterally egg and dry black beans unseasonedI saw the size and it was like 2 breakfast taquitos.There where like 2 more things but I cant think of itIf you want the breakfast herbox should have go to arcadia farms.
5	my fiance and i just returned from the herb box and i had to immediately write my first review.  we aren't from scottsdale and have been trying places every night since we got here two days ago for a work conference and this was by far the best food we have had here in town.  i had the pork stuffed with cornbread and it was excellent.  all that and the price was excellent.  nothing on the menu is over $24 and most items are under $20.  our entire meal, including edamame appetizer was only $50.  great food + great price = great restaurant.  this place is new (april 2008), but everyone should check it out.  it is run by locals, so go out and support your local restaurants.
3	I have mixed feelings about the Herb Box. I live really close by so I tried doing some takeout from the little Market... I ordered the Chicken Pesto Sandwich (which was good but a little hard to eat, being so big) and the Tuna Sandwich (both $12 for myself and the Bf). I can see the Chicken Pesto costing that much but wasn't too satisfied with the Tuna. I did like how they had a little selection of wine and the concept of the Market making it an easy one spot stop for dinner or lunch. That being said I have also dined at the restaurant (twice at the DC Ranch location and once off Shea). A few of the items I've had:*Machaca Tacos- were okay, wished the meat would have been a bit more tender*Sunflower salad- I actually really liked and would order again.*Salmon Cakes- again okay and might try and give them another go in the future.All in all, I really do like the entire concept of The Herb Box and will go again but not crazy about it.
5	I do not get to go to the Herb Box often enough, I love it! I think it is the perfect place to meet friends as the atmosphere is laid back and cute. Their lunch menu is great though I only order one thing every time, the veggie and hummus wrap without cheese, which is their happy something or other salad in a wrap form with hummus so surely that salad must be fantastic, too. I don't know how they do it but it is exceptional, even with seemingly simple ingredients. Their sweet potato chips are amazing and so are their crispy edamame. I love their variety of iced teas and could quite likely eat there every day. It is a bit pricier than my typical lunch but for Scottsdale and for the quality of food it is a great deal.
2	Wed-Sat, sit at the bar and ask for bartender JOY. She's a GAS!Great spot for a late-afternoon glass of wine with an appetizer. Mostly poor execution from kitchen, excellent service.--hummus appetizer with sample of olives is great choice--crispy plantains with pepper are tasty and fun, crab dipping sauce, not enough crab--tuna salad with arugula, uninteresting--side salad for ciabatta "sandwich" typical Dole bag mix (first visit) was WILTED and nasty. Shame!--chicken salad with dried tomatoes and goat cheese; way too much cheeseNow, to Joy. She's a keeper. First visit, we struggled with the proper preparation of a Sapphire martini, but it was primarily the fault of our server's communication skills. Working with machine-made ice (you know, the stuff with all the flecks and shards that water down a proper martini), she primed the ice with a squeeze of lemon, drained, then prepped the glass with vermouth, in and out, then pour the STIRRED Sapphire in, drop twist! Congrats, my lady.If you can get past the chick-chosen wallpaper (wrong) and perfect-sphere fake tabletop plants from restoration, the different-height tables mix up the room just right and make it feels shabby chic without the white.Say hi to Joy. =)
5	LOVE this place!!!  Everything I've had is good..from the sunflower market salad w/grilled chicken, to the bbq chicken pizza, to the tortilla soup, to the squash enchiladas.  Their pasty chef makes a mean peanut butter cookie and my favorite are "usually" oatmeal raisin...I think I finally found a new cookie!
4	The Herb Box has the perfect setting for a quaint little out to lunch atmosphere. Set in the heart of DC Ranch, the patio is perfect for a glass of wine and a salad at lunchtime, whether you're at the bar or seated under the shade of the umbrellas. This place is perfect for a couple's lunch as well as a great place to eat with the girls! The food is a variety of salads, wraps and flat bread pizzas that are all made with organic and locally grown foods, my favorite out of all being the Market Sunflower Salad, with goat cheese and chicken! This place does tend to get a little crowded in the lunch rush, but there's always the option to order food to go in the market area. If you make it over to the market, there are a bunch of dessert made in-house, and the cupcakes are to die for!! Definitely something to check out. They're also doing a new cheese board thing that I just tried, really fun and different!! You order cheese off a paper menu and they "customize" your cheese board for you. If you're going to try this, do the Barely Buzzed cheese, it has this lavender and coffee rind, it's my absolute favorite cheese!
3	We stopped by the Herb Box for an early dinner and I was eager to try this healthy spot.  At around 5:30pm, the place was pretty empty.  We were seated outside and checked out the menu and happy hour specials before deciding on Stella (1st choice listed on happy hour menu was OUT?!?!), a chardonnay, and the hummus plate.  The hummus plate was amazing, but one of my pet peeves is a large amount of hummus and clearly not enough pitas.  I don't like to feel like a pig when I want more pitas to go with the half of my hummus that's still left.  Oh well.  We moved on to the BLT flat bread pizza and my Grow Happy salad.  The Grow Happy salad was delicious and a perfect dinner size.  The BF liked the BLT flat bread pizza, which had a cesear salad on top, especially because it was something different.Now, the not so good part.  The service.  Sloooooow.  Awkwardly, disappointingly slow.  And it wasn't at all busy!  Can't say we'll be back, since we aren't up in that area a lot.  Maybe I'll have to try the other location.
3	I want to love this place... I love the concept, I love the ingredients, I love the flavors. However, I'm not as much of a fan as I'd like to be. Was meeting a foodie friend to try Herb Box out for dinner and the hostess seated me at a table smack dab in the center of the room by myself. She then set down a clipboard with several pages and a pencil, and stacked even more pages on top of that; no explanation and no courtesy. My friend showed up and asked "so what looks good?". I gave her a perplexed look in return and said "god knows, I'm not even sure what part of this is the menu!" We funneled through the pages to find the clipboard was 2-3 pages of fromage and charcuterie that I can only guess you were supposed to check off what you wanted? Over both our heads. Then we found a wine list... but wait, there was another page buried in the stack that said wine list with some of the same wines and some different? Then we look over a very tempting prix fixe page that had maybe 5 options but decided we weren't sold on all courses in any of the offerings. And FINALLY, a menu... wouldn't you know it as soon as we found the menu the waitress came around wanting to take our order.The menu all sounded delicious and we pondered for a very long time. We were also approached by a woman from the market with a cheese platter to try some of their gourmet fromage (we can only assume this was an attempt to encourage to order something off the clipboard, but I wasn't going to push my luck after finally understanding the menu!), the rosemary cheddar was PACKED with flavor. We got the cilantro-lime crab dip which was nothing like I expected (runny), but very tasty. The super-thin and crispy plantain chips it came with were VERY impressive and light in flavor.I ordered the open-faced kobe burger that, again, had a ton of flavor. I had ordered it medium rare and it came quite charred on the outside, but I can't mark that against them as I didn't give them the opportunity to correct (meat is meat, I'm not picky enough to return a kobe burger). It was a strange combo on the plate, though... between the feta on the burger patty, the lack of a bun (some toast pieces on the side), the scoop of hummus under the patty, and a scoop of artichoke cous-cous on the other side, I had no idea how I was supposed to eat the damn thing. The bill was also quite steep.Let me repeat, the flavors were terrific! The ingredients were fresh and fun! The market was cute and cool! And I will go there again to try something else and get a bag of those plantain chips from the market. It just reminded me of those high school kids that always had the perfect clothes and cool cars, but just never really found their groove... I walked out of there saying "they're trying too hard."
5	Been a couple of times.  Chef Becky is wonderful, and her food is amazing.  Service has always been fantastic.Looking forward going back...again and again.
4	Great watering hole after five miles of hiking in the McDowells.Cool breeze on the patioOak Creek Honey Nut Brown - tall thin glassTurkey and avocado wrap - tasty with ripe avocadoBest Part: sweet potato chips - non salty, convoluted shapes, great color
5	The Herb Box provided us one of the best restaurant experiences we've had in a very long time. The Herb Box on Pima in DC Market Ranch is really beautiful, warm and comfortable. It has a smaller deli kind of section, a larger dining room and outdoor patio area. We sat outside under the heaters and were treated to a great experience. First, our waiter was really great. He had a great personality, was very attentive, and had lots of great recommendations for us. I started with a blackberry mojito- it had a very distinctive and strong flavor, but I liked it quite a bit. I am not a big fan of mint but found that the blackberry mellowed the mint. It went down easy!Hubby got the steak and gorgonzola salad, and listened to him talk about how great it was with every bite! I also got to try the trout which was seasoned and cooked to perfection. I ordered some appetizers for my dinner including the brown sugar and jerk pulled pork sliders, cheesed stuffed fried olives and the falafel plate. I enjoyed all of it, seriously I ate until I couldn't anymore. The fried olive were frickin incredible, I've never had anything like them. The green olives were a bit tart and full of rich creamy cheese, and finished off with a light crunchy fried batter. I am totally thrilled with this place, it is one of my new faves and will be added to the regular rotation.
4	I totally take my mom here when she is in town.  LOVES it.The food is great.  The atmosphere is great, and I actually expect the bill to be higher than it is when it comes.  Great.I would give them 5 stars, but I have experienced some lesser service levels.  Went for sunday brunch, made the fatal error of arriving at 9 instead of 10, so we couldn't order bloody's...what a newby....We were still there at 10.  The server, if he was good, would have had those bloody's ready.  But he didn't, he forgot.....oh, and they were on the bill.  So that did cost a star, I'm afraid.Otherwise. go and enjoy an excellent dining experience.
4	Yeah ! I am happy to find this as good as had hoped , boo it's  really a trek and not on  my paper route as dear ABU would say. In the quaint  DC Ranch  set aglow with beautiful white lights sits this yummy  bistro/market . We were tempted by many great looking items on the menu but settled for the pizza. It was  delicious. Both the Cappicola Pizza as well as the Gorgonzola and Pear pizza  tasted outstanding. Both possessed a certain pizzazz that made you want more.  The food that we saw ordered around us made us wish we had room for more just to try out the many small dishes we saw come out. Can't wait to go back!
5	Dont you just love it when you get to a restaurant and you really cannot decide because everything looks so good??? Well here it is!!Such great healthy fare - salads, wraps, sandwiches, flat bread do dah's....YUM YUM YUM!!An establishment that shares the USA Slow Food practices:"Our Mission: Slow Food USA seeks to create dramatic and lasting change in the food system.  We reconnect Americans with the people, traditions, plants, animals, fertile soils and waters that produce our food.  We inspire a transformation in food policy, production practices and market forces so that they ensure equity, sustainability and pleasure in the food we eat."NOW DOESNT YOUR FOOD TASTE EVEN BETTER AND HEALTHIER KNOWING THIS??
3	Kobe Burger - excellent, seasoned, flavorfull and plentiful.Chips - cardboard.Cokes - perfect flavor and fizz.Deserts - too dry.  Use the calories at Lamar's.Hostess - a ditzy airhead who has smoked one too many bowls.  Love her.Fat Waitress - doesn't write down the orders so she is prone to "forget" several things.  She can't take care of herself she certainly isn't going to be able to take care of you.  Avoid at all costs.
5	Oh Herb Box you are so amazing I want to spoon you , kiss you and take you home to meet the family. Back for my second visit , I was amazed on a rainy Saturday afternoon , how crowded you were. All the Stepford wives needed to get their giggle on and they were everywhere.  Women with bridal showers, birthday parties and baby gifts.  Yikes it does get crowded easily. One group was so social they had taken over the entrance to French Bee on the other side of the restaurant. Yikes!Anywho  Loved your ambiance , vibe and of course food!  My friend Rhonda and I split the plantain  and crab-cilantro dip ....simply amazing..yeah it was lick the plate clean time.  I had the steak salad which was refreshing and tasty  with enough meat to fill me but not heavy.  Rhonda had the flatbread pizza ala Cesar which I will be ordering next time ...very addictive taste.  Could taste bacon, well seasoned chicken and cheeses. Lovely.  Really wanted a dessert to spoil my  good eating but just no room . Darn.
5	As one of my fave restaurant's in Scottsdale, the Herb Box is the perfect place for a great patio and lunch. At dinner the atmosphere is subtly romantic with string lights illuminating the patio. Other than the ambiance, the food is some of the best fresh local food I've tasted. A personal favorite is the Free Range Chicken with Goat Cheese... Can you say tasty? My mouth waters just thinking about it. Walking in, the crew at the Herb Box is some of the friendliest you'll ever meet (and the funniest). When you go, make sure to save room for dessert... the cheesecake of the moment is always a win!
5	Best place to have lunch in the NE valley. Never has disappointed. And when the weather is nice and they open up, the patio and bar are so nice.Food is fresh and great, service is always with a smile, the only downside is the wait sometimes. Try it, you won't be disappointed.
3	I love the food here but the service leaves a bit to be desired. Each time I'm there I find myself looking for my waitress.  My last visit I waited 20 minutes and had to find the manager to get a server to come to our table and the restaurant was busy but not to the point that my party could be easily overlooked. In the managements defense they did do their best to make the situation right and I appreciated the effort. Bottom line is  this place has great food but slow  service.
5	I went here for Mother's Day brunch and it was excellent.  This place definitely does not serve up your typical breakfast/lunch fare.  Everything is pretty unique and delicious.  The crowd is always great as is the general vibe of the place especially the patio area when the weather is nice.  Coming from Tempe I just love the DC Ranch area especially Market Street.  Anyway, about the food:* Egg with salmon hash - I think this was special for Mother's Day.  It sounded weird and I don't know why I ordered it, but I was glad I did.  It was like corned beef hash except with fresh salmon instead of corned beef and little real potatoes instead of the tiny potato things in normal hash.  It was excellent.  * Red Velvet Pancakes - HOLY SH*T!  Best-Pancakes-EVER!  Enough said.* Sweet Potato Chips - Some of the best I've ever had.* Low Fat Banana Bread  - Pretty good, but low fat?  Yeah right. The service was pretty good but was a bit slow at times.  Probably because it was so busy due to the holiday.  They also aren't very happy with custom orders so just stick to what is on the menu.
4	The Herb Box always seemed like a place I should love, it had all the elements of a restaurant I'd love. I've been there for lunch a handful of times and it was always a nice lunch, but that was all it was... nice. I recently came across their brunch menu and it looked so good I wanted to try again. I had brunch there Sunday and really enjoyed it. First, I've always liked the decor and atmosphere at the DC Ranch location. We sat outside cooled by their large umbrellas and misters. We ordered the Strawberry Lassi: blended plain yogurt, fresh strawberries, and ice- not quite like the lassis I've had at Indian restaurants, but like a very good not-too-sweet smoothie.  Market Street BLT: Grilled bread with an over-easy egg (mine came out over medium, but I was fine with that), crisp pancetta (better than bacon in my opinion), arugula, and tomato. It was a very good sandwich. Urban Market Steak Salad. Great steak and a good combo of salad toppings: red peppers, corn, avocado, candied pecans, and gorgonzola. Some of the other brunch menu items looked great, so I think I'll be going back for breakfast/bruch with a new sense of appreciation for the Herb Box.
5	If you want great atmosphere, friendly people, and delicious FRESH food. GO HERE. Seriously. Everything I've tried is delicious. One of my favorites is the chicken-arugula wrap with cherries in it. The crowd ranges from young mothers with their babies to older couples who live in the area. Definitely a great choice when in the DC Ranch area, and if you're further south by Scottsdale and Shea, the other location is just as good, but smaller.
5	Today was the second time I ate at the Herb Box.  Both times, I biked there from my house (about 7 miles).  The ride is completely worth it. The restaurant is nestled in the sleepy Market Street shopping center near DC Ranch. They have a great patio with large umbrellas and power misters.  Everything we have tried on the menu is best in its class.  Today we had red velvet pancakes.  They were amazing and came with yummy bacon.  We also had the pork and egg chilaquiles.  SOOO GOOD. This restaurant is reasonably priced.  I plan on going there every Sunday that i have available.  Bravo!
5	There's only a handful in Phoenix that I crave.  The Herb Box is one of them.  Every time I go, I strive to try new item to taste test.  NEVER disappointed.  Trout, Short Ribs, Thai Ribs, Smoked Gouda Mac, The Beets!  I mean this place makes you crave the sides.  The sides?  Not to mention an amazing wine list.  The service is always personal and engaging.  Looking forward to their new PV location!  Now if they will just come downtown!
4	We had a great first visit here for brunch.  They have a creative brunch menu with traditional breakfast items with a twist, lunch items, and great-sounding desserts.  Our party had the sunflower salad, bacon and eggs, steak and eggs, the hummus platter, and the sweet potato chips.  Everything was quite good and very fresh.  We really enjoyed the sweet potato chips - not greasy at all, just sweet potato flavor with a hint of seasoning.  We'll be back to try some of the other menu items.  Great atmosphere and pretty small dining room which makes it quaint and cozy.  Unfortunately we had the table right next to the kitchen doors which was the only unpleasant part.  Bussers and waiters would come flying out of the kitchen and then stand inches away from me with load trays of food trying to figure out what table they were going to.  The water refiller seemed especially hungover as he literally stood next to my arm for 3 minutes trying to figure out who needed water.  They should put a divider between that table and the kitchen.  Also bar service was slow - 15 minute wait for 2 mimosas.  Waiter apologized but still...overall a good experience.  Big fan of the atmosphere and menu.  Can step up the service a bit.
5	Ok its about time to review this place.  Ive been here several times, breakfast lunch and dinner.   Every meal was delicious and super flavorful.  You will not find another place with FRESHER organic ingredients.  Cmon they have cage-free chicken salads and street tacos! The combinations they come up with here are amazing, very unique. The chef is a genius.  Also see Gary at the bar for happy hour, he knows his food and is very helpful! Great staff. My favs:  red pepper hummus, Tzatziki, (homemade yum). Anything on the brunch menu, pancakes, BLT, Chile burrito.
5	Weekends are meant for lazy, relaxed breakfasts.  We like to bring our golden retriever with us when we go out for breakfast and our very favorite place to go is The Herb Box that is located in the DC Ranch Marketplace.  There are three small tables that sit separated from the rest of the outside tables.  It's nice to be away from too many people when your dog weighs 80 pounds and drools for food!  The staff is fantastic.  Most of them make the attempt to come out and say hi to Wrigley.  The food is delicious.  I tend to order the classic egg breakfast or the pancakes with fresh fruit and my husband never leaves without eating one of their sweet potato muffins.  But their iced coffee is the best in town.   Now, if I could only get them to have complimentary Sunday NY Times newspapers for reading, the experience would be perfect!
5	Hey fellow IPA beer lovers, The Herb Box serves an IPA!  Oh, and they have really good food, too.  I especially love the Brown Sugar & Jerk Pork Sliders to start.  Sometimes I eat them as my whole meal.But this place doesn't just have a good menu, it's full of good people and a great vibe.  The best nights to go are when they have live music playing on the patio.  One of my favorite things to do in Arizona is eat outdoors during the fall and spring months, and this is one of my favorites places to do just that.
3	I like the Herb Box but I don't find myself dying to go back. Their food is good, but the service isn't as friendly as their small space and atmosphere suggests. Their brunch is a definite highlight, besides the decor and cool location.
5	I came here looking for something fresh.  I found it tastily packaged in an easygoing ambience for a couple extra bucks.The menu is simple but interesting.  Of the items I tried -- salads and the enchiladas -- they were ample portions and well-executed.  There are other items on the menu that would make me want to go back to try.No complaints.
4	Had a lovely ladies lunch here. Was a crazy hot mid-summer day, only available seating was outside. (yikes!) We were expecting 2 of our ladies with small children and this would not fly. After being notified that it would be a 30 minute wait, we were about to go elsewhere and the waiter told us to sit tight and they were cleaning off a table for us, that was just leaving. Very nice! Prices are about what you'd expect for DC Ranch so I can't complain. Food was fresh, light, good. Had a yummy salad. Everyone in my group loved their food and 2 are big complainers, so I guess that says a lot! I did not partake, but my companions had some sort of champagne/mango treat that they raved over. Looked scrumptious too!
5	This place is fantastic! I big puffy heart the red velvet pancakes and the orange juice was delightful! I've also dined there for lunch in the last week and split the kobe burger and the turkey wrap with my assistant and both dishes were flavorful, well-prepared, and really interesting. The fries are delicious and the service was amazing as well.
1	Came here for brunch on Sunday around noon, the place was pretty packed, even the patio was full. Two of us waited for about 15mins and was seated in a table next  to the bar. Decor was pretty nice, kinda mixed in the middle of antique and contemporary ...it's DC ranch, right?Since the place was so busy, I didn't expect the service to be so quick, and I was right, our drinks (coffee and iced tea) didn't come after 15 mins. Our entree orders were Breakfast Steak and eggs and Smoked Salmon hash...both dishes have eggs. After 20 mins of waiting, nothing showed up, and I had to stop our very busy waiter for a refill of iced tea, and another 5 mins later, he showed up saying "we ran out of eggs and we had to get some more, your food will be here shortly" Serious?? it's about 1pm, and you already ran out of eggs??..OMG...besides waiting longer, what I can do??Our food finally arrived after another 15mins, presentations were nice, my friend's steak dish was pretty good, meat was pretty tender..my salmon dish on the other hand was just so so,, the salmon was too salty and the hash were very dry and not so warm.. I guess the dish was just sitting there waiting for the eggs??..So our overall experience wasn't so good with the egg situation, services wasn't  attentive, either.. I don't know when will be my next visit...
3	This wil get upgraded to four stars I hope.. The Food, and the atmosphere  are fantastic, and all of the food we had was very good. The Butternut squash enchiladas are good, but paired with the salad, they were amazing. The service was not good at all, You could totally tell that our server did not want to be there, and she was quite annoyed with something, and it came across to all of her tables.. Did I really pay 12 bucks for a creme brulee? Some of their pricing is Way out of whack.. Dc Ranch or not...Food 4.5, Atmoshphere 4, service 1.5
4	I Have a healthy, nearly full term food baby that Chef Becky Windels & The Herb Box restaurant are responsible for!  This quaint little Bistro/cafe' Located on Market Street in Scottsdale's uber chic DC Ranch Area, is a gift to the culinary world.Having happily enjoyed several of their sweet baked offerings, I decided to give the lunch menu a spin, what followed was a lesson in how to do food right!Shortly after being seated by a cheerful, smiling hostess our server Maria dropped by to take our drink order and let us know what the day's specials were.  After looking through the menu I settled on the Rosemary Steak Ciabatta sandwich prepared with charred onion, watercress, white cheddar cheese and a Dijon mayonnaise.  A side of the Smoked Gouda Mac N' Cheese with crispy Rosemary breadcrumbs and an order of Crisp Fingerling potatoes sprinkled with sea salt and served with a side of house made red pepper aioli.While all of this food might be a case of my eyes being bigger than my stomach, I simply couldnt resist trying a little of everything.  After a short wait, the food arrived and I was certain I'd made great choices.  The Steak sandwich was cooked to order, a little short of medium on the softest ciabatta roll I've had, piled high beside it were sweet potato chips dusted with curry powder (why have I never had this before?)Biting into the sandwich, I experienced the carefully crafted mix of flavors and textures that a great chef strives to achieve.  The steak was juicy and well complimented by the rosemary, crunchy watercress  for added texture and the tanginess of aged white cheddar, all nicely brought together by the Dijon mayo.  The house made sweet potato chips are brightened and brought to life by a deft sprinkling of curry powder making you want to eat more than you should (yes, they sell them to-go and I have a bag atop my fridge for a late night snack!)Let's talk Mac N' Cheese.  I'm going to say it... The Smoked Gouda Mac at The Herb Box is simply the best I've ever had! Creamy cheese and al dente' pasta topped with crunchy rosemary breadcrumbs made this my new favorite dish.  Yes, I know, everyone has a favorite Mac N' Cheese but forget about them!  Try this dish and you will be sold! (I didn't forget to order a portion to-go...I know what's going on at 2 AM when I have the munchies!!)What's a steak sandwich without potatoes?  Yup, ordered them!  A tasty side of smashed, crisped fingerling potatoes served with a delicious red pepper aioli disappeared just as fast as I could dip and eat! (I can see dropping in for any one of the items I've mentioned so far but together they are DANGEROUS!)okay, clearly I was done eating and in need of both the check and a pillow but enter Maria again who eagerly suggested I try the pistachio ice cream sandwich cookie.  Never one to ignore the recommendation of a foodservice professional, I agreed that I should have one and what came next was wrong in so many ways I'm almost at a loss for words.Now I've never had pistachio ice cream though I've always heard it was tasty but this was extraordinary.  My mouth and taste buds were assaulted by the flavors of almond, pistachio, strawberries, blackberries and a delicious thick creme', the crunch of the cookies was the perfect counterpoint to the cold soft ice cream and the fruit just completed the sensation.  Think that was the end?  Try again, the dessert case beckons with such a variety of scrumptious looking treats that must be seen to be believed.If you haven't figured it out by now, I'm a BIG fan of The Herb Box and Chef Becky's Cuisine, if you haven't had the opportunity to visit, make it a point or I assure you, you're missing out!
5	BEST RESTAURANT IN AZ! No but seriously, I could eat every meal here. Chef Becky is amazing and breakfast this morning did not disappoint. I decided to try the Organic Oatmeal and my friend ordered the Red Velvet pancakes. Ok, so you're probably saying "with all that yummy goodness you ordered oatmeal?" Well, what I really wanted were the chilequiles (eggs, cotija jack, pulled pork, tortillas, tomatillo verde? Yes please!!) but being allergic to eggs I went with the oatmeal, which was delicious. The oatmeal had a vanilla flavor to it and the strawberry and pecan topping gave it some texture. The red velvet pancakes are too intense for words. Rich, fluffy...they'll make you want to get up early on a Saturday morning. I also tried a side order of the banana bread which was slightly toasted....now if you've never toasted banana bread, you need to. This was the perfect buttery flavor combination with the oatmeal.  The service was fast as always--we never had to wait or ask for a coffee/water refill. The decor inside is warm but I think sitting outside on the patio is the way to go. Love the Herb Box and can't wait to go back and try the cinnamon buckwheat pancakes.
4	I have been to the Herb box for lunch  twice and have loved it each time. Located in the very chic DC ranch at Pima, the restaurant is best enjoyed if seated outside in the patio on a lovely March afternoon. The mango lemonade is very soothing and the refills keep coming. Had the salmon with tsatziki and a side if the sweet potato chips . The salmon here is one of the best i have eaten and the chips are really addictive. I didnt have dessert this time around but have tried their graham cracker chocolate mousee before and its delicious. Would love to go back whenever the weather permits patio seating.
4	Went here over Christmas with some friends and it was so good.  The cheese and charcuterie plate is a fabulous idea (being able to pick what you want) and the food was all amazing.  we're definitely itching to go back again.with the cheese and charcuterie plate, it's also a great option if you just want to go for a glass of wine and some snacks.  it is more than just an amazing meal, it's a place to relax and unwind!
4	Very delicious and fresh food! I love the various menu items and what they have to offer. We came here for dinner with a friend from out of town, and everyone at our table was more than satisfied! I love how this place supports local produce and farms. Yum!
4	Ate a light lunch here one afternoon and ate breakfast on another day.Both times, we sat outside along the sidewalk.  For lunch, I had their crisp falafel bites.  Several crispy-fried "bites" were served with pita bread and a nice salad.Breakfast a few days later was fantastic.  Good coffee, freshly-squeezed orange juice, and delicious, thickly-sliced and toasted banana bread.  To top that off, a huge bowl of oatmeal with raw sugar and few sliced strawberries.  I would have loved my oatmeal had there been many more sliced strawberries on it because they were the perfect topping. The service seems rather so-so.
5	I ate lunch here 2 days in a row because it was so delish!! The 1st day, Deanna was our server. We loved her! She had a great knowledge of the menu, told us specials and even helped us order. We had the goat cheese and chicken sandwich and the corn and goat cheese flatbread.   She told us to go check out the rest of the place and when we did we ran into Robert, the manager and he said right away, "welcome to our home". How cute is that?  So, I decided to bring some different friends there today. The food was awesome again...we tried a BLT flatbread and a turkey apple wrap and a veggie wrap as well. All very good! The service however wasnt exactly poor, just wasnt Deanna. We heard no specials, no name..well, no personality!  Why didnt I just ask for Deanna, you say? I did, her station was full, (shes on the patio and its gorgeous outside) and we were on a time crunch. Ill know better next time. The server actually touched the lip of the pitcher of iced-t to the lip of my glass. Now if she does that to everyones glass, well, you get the picture and I get a cold sore! YUCK! Needless to say, I asked for my tea to go. All that said, Ill come back here time and time again!!
5	Always fresh, tastes healthy and always delish- and beautifully presented in a pretty spot!
5	oh my gosh, this place was just amazing. there was nothing that i didn't like about this place. we shared the crab dip as an appetizer which was really good, not too heavy. i ordered a turkey apple swiss wrap. AMAZING. and the sweet potato chips that come with the dish was just so good i was full but couldn't stop eating!we shared a red velvet cupcake and it was just AMAZING you have got to try it!!one thing that i wasn't satisfied was the manager there. we split the bill 3 ways and somehow the server messed it up so she had to get the manager to fix it and it took about 20 minutes and the manager brought out the checks and didn't even apologize or thank us. he just dropped em off and said "here you go then" and walked away. Maybe he was having a bad day.Anyway, the food there was AMAZING. Everything was so fresh and seasoned right. Highly recommend this place!
5	Awesome food!! The cutest restaurant in DC Ranch. A little pricey, but great place to go with a group.
4	This is a wonderful place to have lunch with your girlfriends.  My girlfriends took me to lunch there for my birthday a couple of weeks ago.  The place was packed, we were actually surprised to see many gentlemen having lunch too, however it was not surprising because the food is great.  I had the special, salad, tomato soup and grilled cheese with chutney, yummy.  We washed everything down with Sangrias, so good!
4	Hmmm.. Well this place is pretty damn good.  I mean it's freaking nice inside and out and they have a lil' market 'down stairs' where you can buy some of their pre-made food items (and cheese! and snacks! like they're freaking awesome sweet potatoe chips!) :D  I was all smiles with my turkey wrap (I fucking hate wraps, but my doctor suggested less bready options cause I'm ::cough::  :: cough:: ::over weight:: ::cough::)As Arnold would say "Ahl be bock"
4	Since my sister's recent move, I've been finding myself up at DC Ranch more often and I was happy to see that The Herb Box was till alive and kicking! I like this location because it feels almost like you are in a small vacation town on the river, like a Sun River, Oregon and enjoying the weather and atmosphere with some refreshing and pretty healthy food. The menu here is the same as the other location and I really enjoy the wraps, Cesar salad (with Chicken added), coconut shrimp salad, hummus, enchiladas and pretty much everything else! When I eat here, I like to sit on the patio and soak in the sunlight, but the interior is just as refreshing as well. That's about all I have to say since everyone else has pretty much said it all. This is a great restaurant option for lunch with friends or dinner with a date.
5	What a wonderful ladies lunch spot in North Scottsdale!   This place is amazing!   The atmosphere is fantastic for a light summer dress and a refreshing glass of wine.   We ordered the crab dip to start and I had the salmon as my main course.  The perfect amount of food and a great value.  My family has a farming background so I LOVE the fact they support the local growers.   Our server couldn't have been cuter.  She was very attentive and welcoming.   It was more like a homey bed and breakfast type feel than a restaurant.   Mini-stay-cation!
4	This place is great! I work up the street and it's a nice place to come sit after work... I usually get the Steak Salad, it's a perfect size and delicious. Also get the falafel appetizer it's excellent, very filling tho... The place is a bit pricy, but its DC Ranch so i cant blame them. One of their secret things are the Sweet Potato chips, warning: they are addictive, can never eat less than a bag. There's two others that I know of, seems like they got a good little system going on, the one in Old Town is also very nice. Enjoy!
5	When it here for Breakfast and lunch.  Breakfasts are great! You need to try the red velvet pancakes and the con chile verde.
5	I recently moved to the area and have eaten at the Herb Box at least one per week since arriving - it's that good. We discovered this place when visiting the area a few months ago. In a mall with several restaurants, this one was the only one that was jammed - I was interested to find out why. The interior is very nice, a little tight but bright and clean with a few seats outside. Service could be considered slow but the food is well worth the wait. Crisp Falafel bites, Edamame, and Honey Roasted Pear apps are all winners (the pear knocked my socks off and I don't really like pears). Market Veggie Pita - fantastic. I am addicted to the Pear and Gorgonzola flatbread, the sage pesto and fried sage on it are absolutely outstanding. The Wine Braised Short Ribs...melt in your mouth fantastic, the best short rib I've ever had. Smoked Gouda Mac and Cheese with rosemary breadcrumb topping - as good as it sounds. They also have a nice selection of flavored iced tea which is a big plus. The only reason I haven't reviewed more dishes is that I've only been here a few weeks. The Vegan Nosh, Cheese Plate and Brussel Sprout and  Pancetta flat bread are next on my hit list.
5	Definitely a 5 star. Great food, great atmosphere, great bartenders, management and most importantly great friends.
4	Nice atmosphere, especially outside patio.  Strange to see some people dressed gym casual on a Friday night, as well as some kids.  They poured Chimay into a pilsner glass, so bad marks for that.  Falaffel appetizer was nice, but Falaffel itself was too finely ground and flavorless.  Salads were really outstanding.  Enchiladas, also, were very good.  Thai short ribs were pretty good as well.  Great dessert options.  Overall pricey, but fair.
4	A friend and I had lunch at The Herb Box today after checking out the reviews on Yelp.  The restaurant is charming and located in the beautiful DC Ranch area. We sat on the patio which was nicely cooled with misters. Our service was very good.  It was a Sunday afternoon and there was a good crowd but we were greeted and served promptly. Our waitress checked on us regularly and we always had our tea and water glasses filled (which I think is always a sign of good service).I had the Coconut Shrimp Salad and my friend had the Butternut Squash Enchiladas. We both enjoyed our meals. My salad had a lot of flavor and was very fresh. The presentation of the food was beautiful, too.The menu is diverse but a little pricier than a typical lunch. However, the food and atmosphere was worth it. Will definitely be back.
4	I had never been to the Herb Box for breakfast before; in fact, it wasn't even on my radar until I did a little more digging for a nice (not chain) breakfast place in N. Scottsdale near Grayhawk. We were meeting some friends from out-of-town and wanted some good food with great atmosphere. Having had scrumptious lunches and dinners here before, it was an easy decision.  Since there were six of us, and the forecasters were calling for ugly weather, I had the foresight to make reservations for a table so that we wouldn't have to wait. Moments after we arrived, the place was practically full!Our server was a gem and so patient as she easily picked up on the fact that we all had lots to talk about, so she gave us plenty of time to order. We were already on our second mug of coffee by the time we ordered!!!  The menu is not extensive for breakfast, but there were so many different types of items, I had a hard time making up my mind. I saw a gentleman seated at a table next to us having what looked like an incredible sandwich . . . turned out to be a BLT on brioche (with eggs). That's what I ordered . . . couldn't resist. Neither could my friend. This was a truly beautiful sandwich with the egg cooked perfectly, the bacon crispy, the tomato and arugula fresh, the goat cheese so creamy, and dressed with an amazing aioli that had a slight kick to it.  The guys at the other end of the table ordered a side of potatoes which was enormous and came with the same aioli . . . yum!!!! The only near-miss, and they rectified it before we could say anything, was that they forgot to put the cheese on the side of my friend's BLT so they had to remake it, so she had a little extra wait before they brought her meal out. I am never disappointed at the Herb Box. The food is always top notch and the service always attentive. I have to move it to the top of my list for breakfast!
4	Herb Box is a cool place to hang out on their deck. We had sauvignon blanc, before heading to San Diego. It's cute inside, but the real fun is eating outside.
4	My wife loves this restaurant and the food. It has a chic, earthy atmospherewith lots of vegetarian choices (she's not vegetarian but likes the option).She's always meeting her friends for lunch here.What "I" think is great about it is the full bar which you can eat at, and acomfortable patio that's perfect on a cool, sunny day. We like to dine infor dinner, then take the walk down market street to the wine bar...greatdate evening. Amazing short rib tacos, and jerk pork sliders. Service hasalways been good, even when busy.Tried the kids here one Sunday morning for breakfast, but it wasn't a hit.Then again all they want is chocolate chip pancakes...oh well. I'll be backwith the wife though.
1	WILL NEVER BE BACK and I don't suggest this place to ANYONE!!  There are so many places in Scottsdale that serve fresh "farm to table" food and I would suggest going there. If you want to get attitudes, SLOW & HORRIBLE service all with a slice of "could care-less" waitress personalities, you've come to the right place!!When entering a restaurant, you expect to be greeted by the hostess instead of waiting for 4-5 minutes for her to get off the phone. We were left standing awkwardly right in the front where the door entrance is as the restaurant space itself is rather tight with wall to wall tables. RIDICULOUS and absolutely inexcusable. A fireable offense in my opinion but no one working there including the bartender who eyed us at least 10 times, never thought to signal someone to help us.Once we were seated we were told that they were no longer serving breakfast even though they are supposed to serve it until 11am and it was now 11:02am they absolutely would NOT make an exception. When my husband gently asked the server if she could check with the manager and take into account that we had come especially for breakfast and were kept waiting, she complied. Then came back and said, "Sorry, but the kitchen has switched over to the lunch menu" and with that statement, TOLD us to look over the lunch menu and she would be back to take our order. I was SHOCKED!!We should have just left then as the service went downhill from there. Although I don't have any complaints about the food ~ it was good, BUT VERY PRICEY!! ~ but I cannot emphasize enough the POOR & SLOW SERVICE all with attitude... I WILL NEVER BE BACK and Susan & Chef Becky should be ashamed of themselves to allow these kind of servers to represent their establishment and to foster these SNOTTY, care-less ATTITUDES in their restaurant.Just remember... MANY good restaurants have been brought to their knees by the employee help (or lack of), I don't care how good the food!!
5	This is our favorite in Scottsdale. We loved here so much from our last trip. We came back! Their salad is exceptional with light dressing with lots of flavors. My husband and I were impressed from appetizer to dessert!Love their ambience as it's casual yet comfortably classy. Price is just right for the portion and the quality of food. We will definitely go back before we head back to New York.
1	And the Herb Box does it again... I knew not to go back after the terrible service, but my girlfriend said she really wanted to try it.  So what happens? I check my bank statement and they charged me twice!  Once for my meal and an additional charge for 137 bucks!  I'll change this review if they handle it well, but I'm not holding my breath.
5	We had an outstanding experience last evening with the Herb Box Catering!  The catering manager, Kelli Burton,  is efficient, professional and knows her business.  She presented us with a delightlful and creative menu from appetizers, salad, entrees and dessert.  Kelli was the first to arrive the night of our event and she was the last to pull out of the driveway.  She and her crew are amazing.  Everyone raved about the quality and presentation of food served.  I am still receiving e-mails thanking us for a wonderful evening.  Our party was a sit down, outside gathering for 48.  The Herb Box handled it with ease and perfection.  I would recommend the Herb Box, 100%.
4	This was my first time here after hearing such great things.  Didn't realize that they had multiple locations.  We showed up for brunch around 9:30am and were able to beat the crowd, luckily as we had 7 people.  Very relaxed posh setting with a great desert feel on the patio.The Chiliequiles were very succulent...not that you get to use that word often!  Very simple dish, but the eggs and pulled pork are great on the tortillas.  They also had $5 mango mimosas and very spicy bloody marys.  I'll be happy to return again.The brunch menu looked exactly the same as the normal menu.  Would like to see some specialties/variety or perhaps a deal like a dish and drink for $15.  Would be a great place for Mother's Day brunch
5	My husband and I love eating at The Herb Box and especially love the Thai Ribs.  You are probably thinking to yourself, ribs at a non-BBQ establishment, but let me tell you, these are the fall off the bones, melt in your mouth, piece of heaven I have tasted in a long time!  I also love the weekend brunch with flavored mimosas...yummy!!!  I wish I could frequent every week =)
5	I had an "herb box" in college I remember. Kept it under my bed. Or in the back of the closet. Or in a shoe. Gee, that was some herb I can't even remember...This Herb Box however, I shan't ever forget!!!Butternut Squash Enchiladas. White Bean Chicken Chili. Crab Cilantro Dip. The Zucchini soup of the day...ALL...outstanding!!!Now that I've moved back to DC Ranch I'm so glad to see the Herb Box and even more excited that this is my new "Cheers". Sorry Gallo Blanco, though I miss you madly...I've found another relationship. And no it's not complicated!Quite simple in fact. Delicious, fresh ingredients. Delightful, warm staff and a cozy and bright spot on Market Street.I've been here with family. With friends. And even a date. Herb Box, if I stick around AZ long enough, I just may ask you to marry me!So step outside of your "box" and head to The Herb Box. But call me first and I will meet you there!!!
5	Expectations were low upon walking in. Having reviewed the menu prior to arriving, we were intrigued but not throughly impressed. Our opinion was totally turned around!!! Started with sangria and blackberry mojito. Both tasty. Moved onto the Sun Salutation....holy mosses..awesome! Cayenne/sugar rim made the drink. Avocado Love was a nice light appetizer. Totally recommend the short rib taco, the Kobe burger, as well as the Thai ribs. Don't sleep on the smoked Gouda Mac n  cheese.  We will be back for sure!!
3	Stopped in for lunch- i didnt know this was the home for ladies who lunch in North Scottsdale, place was packed with female guests. I was the only guy. Luckily I was with my wiofe otherwise I probably wouldnt have gotten a tableOrdered a couple of salads- mine with salmon, the blackened salmon was perfect. service prompt and friendly. we had a good lunch and a coffee, got out for less than $40 with a 20% tipI will be back
5	Cute little place with eclectic decor and a nice patio. The chicken pesto sandwich is so so good. You'll find lots of flavorful fresh ingredients here. The sweet potato chips are also good but wish they'd been served hot. Also they offered us a to-go cup for iced tea/lemonade which was appreciated.Sunday Brunch has a great little assortment of dishes to fit both the breakfast or lunch crowd. Be sure you don't miss $5 glasses of prosecco ;)
4	This review is way overdue. I love everything about this place. I often just go solo after work and sit at the bar where I get to enjoy a yummy glass or two of Viognier and the chicken chile white bean soup. The soup comes out piping hot and certainly does not skimp on the tender chicken. The soup has a nice kick to it because of the green chiles but I love a kick! The soup is topped off with tortilla strips and creme fraiche. They also have great desserts. Other items on the menu are great as well and I try to order something different each time I come back, but I just can't get enough of that soup!!!
5	The Herb Box has been doing a strong business on Market Street for years and probably does not need my review as their longevity in the area speaks for itself. Love this place! The food is always fresh, perfectly seasoned and well presented. The staff has been excellent on each visit and I can be confident when bringing a guest that they will find something on the menu that they love. The fact that I can walk there from home in a couple minutes makes it very nice too.
1	Two stars for food, no stars for Service = one star.
5	If you haven't had Sunday brunch at the Herb Box then you are missing out. Even more than the food, the bartender, Gary, is truly a local treasure. A weekend without Steak and Eggs and a few too many Irish coffees with Gary just doesn't feel complete. Truly the best part of our weekends!
4	Herb Box is always delicious and meow, I can add a delicious breakfast experience to my repertoire! While in DC Ranch during the breakfast hour, I was happy to learn that the DC Ranch Herb Box location serves breakfast on both Saturday and Sunday (not just Sunday like the Old Town location). I ordered the breakfast burrito with egg whites and avocado. The meal was fresh and filling but not overly heavy. The environment is casual but classy and perfect for any type of diner, whether it be a family or friends. When the weather's nice, they have the perfect patio where you can enjoy a Mimosa with your meal!
5	Always a treat to eat here! Great food, great ambiance and great staff.
3	I went for a coffee and a bite to eat on Sunday afternoon.  The patio is a great fun atmosphere. Food was great.  However the service, although our server did have a great attitude was very very very slowwwwwww!  It was my first time there and I will try anything twice...
3	We ended up eating here two days in a row, Saturday lunch them Sunday brunch. (See my review on Armitage down the street to find why). First, the food was pretty good both days. Not outstanding, but really good. The service was efficient... in an 'F U' sort of way. We had the same waitress both days and my wife just about started laughing when she gave us our menus. We were there with friends on Sunday and hoped we didn't get the same 'level' of service. Yep, we did. Fake smile, rushed response, disinterested, serving us because she had too. We didn't say a thing... but our friends did. Hard not to notice when someone really doesn't want you around. I think she needs a new career away from people.
3	Want a post-meal bakery snack and a hot beverage?  You'd be better served somewhere else.  During dinner service, the counter is pretty frenetic, but service is indeed fast.  They have a variety of hot beverages, coffee and not, and a selection of pastries and other bakery items.  Unfortunately they always taste super stale and dry. If you don't get any of these items, you're looking at a solid 4-star venue.For dining in, I do love the flatbreads! Pear and gorgonzOMGla!  Service is always pretty good, and the live music some nights is a fun touch.
2	We've had some good experiences here, especially with Sunday brunch. Today was a little off. It's a Saturday and we dropped in for lunch. We ordered the special that the waitress told us about. Fish tacos. They were really more of an appetizer with just two tacos on a plate and a half a lime. I should have asked the price. $15 for two tacos 'on special' is ridiculous. A $40 tab for 4 tacos and 2 iced teas? The food was good but I feel ripped off. I won't be rushing back.
4	So many good things about this joint!  First and foremost, all the Scottsdale snobs perpetrating a fraud seem to have made their way over to Romper Room Pizza across the way.  This is really great news as their entitled brat kids are with them over there too.  Yeah!OK now that I got that off my chest... The food is fantastic!  I love their simple Grow Happy Salad.  It is hard to believe they can get so many different veggies into that bowl and the dressing is honestly one of the best around.  Next ask for the Charcuterie and Cheese board "score sheet" and order up!  Be sure to ask for extra cornichons and fried capers on the side... delish!  You will be too full to eat anything else at this point but you need to power through the pain and keep going... I promise you, any of the flatbreads will knock your socks off! But take a leap of faith and go with the Brussel Sprout Pancetta... Once you have brussels this way, you are gonna want to go back to Illinois and smack your Momma for making you eat them boiled when you were a child (oh wait, that is what I wanted to do, you can go to where ever you are from and smack her).Finally, Sunday brunch is awesome out on the deck and you can get good and s**t faced on $5 bloodies and maomosa's to try and drown your sorrow that you have to go back to work tomorrow!See you on the patio.. Just leave your kids at the sitter, no chicken nuggets to be seen here.Oh wait... just remembered one other can't miss, the crispy fingerling potates with red pepper aoili!  SOOOO YUMMY!
4	So I finally decided to give the Herb Box another try, ever since that 'egg incident' more than 2 years ago? And yes, this time my experience was much better, and this 2nd try was definitely worth it.It was Sunday again, and Easter Sunday, we came around 2pm expecting to have a long line because of reservations and holiday and we were right, however, we took the bar seats when they came available after about 5 mins of waiting. Our server Gary was excellent! He gave us a few recommendations on the food and drinks, and this time, food arrived just about on time, and of course, they have enough eggs! Food was tasty (blackened chicken salad and breakfast burrito), and most importantly, the Chocolate Bread Pudding with Salted Caramel Ice Cream was soooo good! Thanks Gary for the suggestion. The sweet pudding with chucks of chocolate inside was perfectly balanced with the salted caramel ice cream, hmmm, i wanna go back for some more!I'm glad I had returned to this place and would always look forward for some more!
2	Came here as a first time guest while on vacation. Went for a late lunch so it wasn't too busy. I ordered a turkey sandwich and my friend ordered a turkey wrap, both were delicious! However, I ordered a side of mac n cheese and it was just blahhhhhhhhhh. Took 3 bites out of it and was NOT impressed. Our server came back over and we told him it didn't meet our expectations,  he then took it out of the way. Here's the problem when I received the bill the Mac n Cheese was still on there!  I understand if we ate the whole thing and then decided we didn't like it, but we couldn't even eat it. Piece of advice: if the guest doesn't enjoy the dish offer something else or don't charge. It's a shame because this place has potential, but I won't be returning.  Also, they don't have ranch!!
4	Excellent service, good music and great food.
5	Nice, clean and friendly atmosphere! Great service and delicious food!We ordered a blackberry/jasmine green iced tea w a lime wedge-very very good! We shared a black bean, light chicken with goat cheese flatbread and butternut squash/corn enchiladas w green sauce that came a salad- mixed greens, with sugared pecans, red peppers and house dressing! All very fresh, filling and flavorful!Highly recommend and can see us being future regulars!
5	Delicious, fresh, unique food offerings. Cool vibe and atmosphere. We ordered the plantain chips with cilantro crab dip for starters - refreshing, and the plantain chips were a nice change-up from regular crackers for dip. I ordered the butternut squash corn enchiladas - pretty spicy, but so flavorful. He ordered the coffee crusted pork chop - also very spicy and tasty. We shared the peach bread pudding with honey greek frozen yogurt. What a fun dessert! Tangy yogurt balanced beautifully with the sweet and caramelized warm bread pudding. Will definitely go again!
4	Nice spot for lunch or dinner. Ryan the manager always goes out of his way for you. Never had a bad meal and I have been here well over 100 times. Some items are just better than others. Ask for the asparagus in your Bloody Mary.
1	I ordered the turkey avocado wrap and she brought me the wrong sandwich which had cashews in it and I am highly allergic to peanuts and when I let her know she offered me a new one of the right sandwich I had ordered but still charged me for it!!!! Stay away as they always screw up orders!
3	6/9/13My first visit at this Herb Box location- didn't know it was so much closer to where I live than that one at Southbridge!  Decided to sit outside since it was so noisy indoors** and especially when the misters were on full blast outside.  [The misters were both a blessing and a curse- while they did cool the area, the water did have a certain odor to them (a manager at another resto previously warned me not to park my car close to their misters, since the water contained erosive compounds), and I didn't want whatever was added to the water to contaminate my food and drinks.)  Ordered water and green tea with blackberry and jasmine essences http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/the-herb-box-scottsdale-6?select=ACjM4QrTvrI6Og5q-cQNSg#ACjM4QrTvrI6Og5q-cQNSg and the Blackened salmon BLT. The unsweetened tea was clean-tasting and refreshing, and was a welcome palate cleanser after I had my fill of the terrific salmon BLT, which came with two juicy filets of wild-caught salmon, wild arugula, tomato, smoked applewood bacon, and red pepper aioli on toasted ciabatta, plus a side of house-made sweet potato chips. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/the-herb-box-scottsdale-6?select=MQz07Ic5tPQfAjnVVqnurg#MQz07Ic5tPQfAjnVVqnurg  It took a lot of willpower not to eat more than half of the sandwich (I actually sliced a tiny portion off of the second-half- tsk, tsk!), but in hindsight, a half-portion plus some SPC satisfied until late happy hour/early dinner.  Afterwards, I asked my server if it would be safe to leave my Kindle on the table while I go wash my hands, and she said yes.  When I went back outside to do a bit of reading, I noticed the umbrella over my table was removed and my boxed leftovers, beverages, and e-reader were on another table- what the - ?  Were they in such a rush to see me off?  I could understand the busser mistakenly thinking I'd forgotten the food, but seeing the e-reader would've clued him/her of the possibility that I was returning, so one would think that the items would still be on the original table when I returned, so why were they moved to another AND the umbrella taken away?  The other tables still had umbrellas overhead... Very strange.  I also realized that I didn't have time to read after glancing at my watch, and with bill on hand, I tried to pay at the register by the pastry case, since my server was busy taking care of other customers outside, but the bartender (whom I asked if I could get some assistance at the register) and manager (?), whom the bartender motioned to come over, became confused, until my server rushed indoors to ask me what was going on.  I said I didn't know it was so late, that I needed to make it to an appointment in Tempe in 20 minutes, so I was trying to find someone else to help me with the bill.  She said only she could take care of it, and that it needed to be done at the bar.  OK, whatever you need to do, I just had to get going!  (I started to wonder if they thought I was going to rush out without paying?!)Besides these few glitches in service, I'd otherwise give four stars.  Maybe next visit will be better...**It was lunchtime, but by no means packed with people, so I wondered why it was so noisy?
5	Love the atmosphere and fresh-seasonal food concept here - make sure to request a seat on the patio if the weather is nice! Went here for lunch this week - the service was quick and friendly and the food was great. The lunch menu has lots of great salads, sandwiches, flatbreads and wraps. I had the Market Sunflower Salad and added avocado. It was delicious and had chicken, goat cheese, bacon, dried strawberries and blueberries, sunflower seeds and balsamic. I'm an avocado nut and have tried their 'avocado love' during a different visit and I would definitely recommend that to follow avocado fanatics! And if you're a mac & cheese lover, try their smoked gouda mac & cheese with rosemary garlic and breadcrumbs - it's amazing.Have also been here for breakfast - lots of great breakfast menu items - including red velvet pancakes! Very rich and delicious - a good order to share with a few people if you just want a taste. It looks like they also have some great happy hour specials. I'll be back!
5	Hands down my favorite restaurant!  Food was so good I even took pictures of the menu so I would not waste any time upon entering the restaurant.  An absolute must try is the Pear and Gorgonzola flat bread.  The wait staff are awesome and really seem to enjoy being there. The manager Craig is superb and his demeanor for his establishment really shines through his personality.  All in all if I were a multi-millionaire I would put this establishment in my home like Richie Rich!  But, I am not, yet, so I will simply drive the 3 miles to dine in.  It is worth it!
5	I LOVE this place. I have a gluten intolerance... I get very sick if I eat even traces of gluten. This place does such a good job of not cross contaminating the food. Plus, everything tastes amazing! I never leave feeling bloated and gross. I feel leaving satisfied and happy. It's my go to place for a good healthy meal, without having to worry about gluten!!
5	Just had a wonderful lunch at The Herb Box in DC Ranch!The atmosphere is hip, trendy and casual. They had a great looking patio that I'm looking forward to sitting in when it gets a bit cooler. They did have misters out there though so it's tolerable with the heat.   The service was great, no complaints at all. I had the Turkey Apple Swiss Wrap.  Wow, it was super yummy!   The wrap had bacon bits and cashews in it.  They served the wrap with sweet potato chips.  I'm not a fan of sweet potatoes but, these chips, I loved.  We couldn't stop there, HAD to have a dessert.  We debated over everything they had and decided on the Lemon Meringue Pie it was very good and is the perfect size to share.  Price was good.  I split the bill with another and total came to $25.
5	Everything we ordered was amazing.  I wish it were closer.
3	We were looking for something light to eat and saw the small plates at the Herb Box along with many excellent entrees. We started with the gazpacho which is very good. This is a non-traditional melon gazpacho and the ingredients are excellent. The gazpacho  can be ordered as as a "sip" with other small plates or cup, or bowl. Next, we tried the smoked trout beignets. These were excellent and very tasty. Last, we had the chilled cilantro-lime crab dip house with crisp plantain chips and covered with a chili lime salt. This is "so so" with crab flavor, but not great. This was odd as originally, we were going to order the falafel bites, but our server said these "were not very good".The ambiance is casual and the was really good live music, bumping this up a half a star. This is probably a better happy hour/lunch or breakfast spot and is a very average dinner. I'll try again as the service was good and ambiance really nice.
5	Everthing was wonderful!  Great wraps, sweet potato chips & service.  Loved sitting on the patio, too!
2	Not too impressed.   Okay, the food is pretty good, with some excellent entrees like the chicken and goat cheese corn dish and the falafel.  The disappointment begins and ends with service. Dined there with some friends and they order hummus.  The hummus comes out with no dipping device.  Device requested, and out comes four (yes, that's 4) beet chips.  They are eaten with about 12% of the hummus.  Other 88% remains and more beet chips requested.  The answer was no. "Why not?" my friend asks.   "Chef says no".   Okay, we'll pay for them.  "No".    How strange.Downhill from there.I felt like I was on Seinfeld.
5	What a great experience we had at the Herb Box. A group of 12 of us recently hiked Pinnacle Peak, I called the Herb Box immediately after our hike and made a lunch reservation. Well deserved after a big hike! The manager and wait staff made us feel so welcome. A lovely table was awaiting us on the patio and they were so accommodating. And the food? Delicious! Don't leave without trying the sweet potato fries. We all decided that next time we needed to save room for dessert. Thank you Herb Box for a wonderful experience. We will be back!
5	One of my favorite go to restaurants!  The food is always delicious and the service is always excellent! Today I ordered Avacado love as a take home (cuz it is soooo tasty, I wanted herb box food twice today)! It is a great appetizer with an awesome blend of sweet and spicy! I ordered the butternut squash corn enchiladas. It was an excellent blend of flavors and came with a nice sized salad. It was all very tasty! My friend ordered the sweet potato tacos. This was her first visit and she was impressed that healthy food could taste so good.The manager stopped by when he heard what my friend ordered and told us that they entered the tacos into a contest and got 2nd place...should have been first! They were that good!The price is very in line with what I would expect to pay for a healthy meal made with fresh ingredients!
4	Everyone's food was delicious.  Sevice was very good.Not a terrific children's menu, but we fed our youngest from bits of everyone else's plate.  That worked very well.
4	Very fresh and well prepared food. The salmon is always great.  Interesting sides, and nice main dishes, things you don't see every day.  Oh and the lemon meringue pie is the best.
2	This place is horrible with customer service! I have come here a couple times at lunch and they have been packed so the host told me to make a reservation for lunch next time I came. I followed her advice and did just that. I came here at the time my reservation was due and our table was not ready. The hostess was snobbish and rude. I will not return here again. Not worth it. Food isn't that great
4	I went here for lunch and liked it so much I came back for dinner the same day.  Lunch was fantastic,  the selection of salads is much larger than dinner and the items available during lunch were much better than the dinner we had.  I will only go back for lunch here.  The dinner was very flat.  The food was under seasoned at dinner. They have live music on the weekend which is nice at dinner.  I and my 3 companions were very underwhelmed by dinner but we all loved our lunch. Go for lunch,  skip the dinner.
4	Great atmosphere & food.  Service was not great...........
5	Holy moly.  This place is amazing.  The red velvet pancakes + bacon were mind blowingly delicious.  Plus, I was short on time and the staff was super accommodating.  I will definitely be back and will probably be a regular!
5	Love this place. It is always good and such a fun place to take a group. The services is good and makes you want to come back. I have been with family and friends and also gone for work lunches never a disappointment. Also the sweets are delish.
5	Marvelous outdoor patio. Service was friendly and attentive. I had salmon blt sandwich on ciabatta which was quite nice. My bride asked for chicken, rather than turkey on her wrap. They were happy to accommodate. It came with arugula, bacon and cashews. Very good sweet potato chips. Highly recommend as to all facets of a great lunch!
3	This was a real disappointment after going to the one in old town. The brunch menu is not as good and it lacks a lot of the atmosphere.
4	The Herb Box has continued to wow from the time they were merely a small catering service way back when to today.The help is always friendly and attentive while the food is well above average.The chicken pesto sandwich is a delight and is accompanied by a side of warmed sweet potato chips. A tropical iced tea and some chick in skin tight yoga pants sporting a camel toe bigger than an adult female rhino rounded out my lunch visit. Ya gotta love DC Ranch Market street with its eccentric a-holes.Camel toe's kid was a major brat. Bill was forty plus bucks with tip. I'm as full as a fat blue tick right now. .
5	Excellent vegetarian gluten free entree. Wonderful service and wine. Highly recommend!
5	Loved it!  Fresh, creative, friendly service, great atmosphere.  If I had any negative about this place at it would be that the acoustics cause it to be a bit loud inside.
5	I love coming here for happy hour. Enjoy a delicious healthy meal in a clean relaxing environment. What's not to love?
3	The atmosphere and food at this place was pretty good. I had the butternut and corn tortilla enchiladas. I was pretty disappointed with service though. We had to wait for quite some time although there were many tables open. Other people waiting to be seated were also complaining about the wait and how much money they must be losing out on! Wasn't the worst place, but definitely not my favorite.
4	I went on a brunch date on a SUN around 1PM.I had a reservation, however I later learned that if you prefer to sit in the outdoor section to specify that clearly when making the reservation.We were seated quickly and well attended by the waiter, Michael.  He had several suggestions and was helpful and patient as we made up our minds.The food was good++ to excellent.And, for me, the sign of a good restaurant is good coffee to close the meal.I was not disappointed!Recommended.
5	The vegan nosh is delicious! Overall, great food, service, and atmosphere.
4	We came in for a late breakfast and were really pleased.Pleasing attributes:1. Great organic and fresh selections on the menu2. Outdoor Patio (around the time we sat down on the patio, it was very pleasant.)3. Vegetarian and a variety of plates (something for everyone)4. Service was on point, plenty of refills and took an ice tea to go.5. Cool for kids, laid back and a coloring sheet is always a plus.I had the avacado love because the name says it all.  Fresh and tasty was really happy with my selection.Only down side are the bathrooms...I was waiting for quite a bit because there is only one for each gender.
5	The Herb Box is a restaurant in DC Ranch (they also have a location in Old Town).  Their menu says they use local and organic when possible.  They also have a lot of gluten-free and vegetarian options if that is what you are looking for.  They have a great patio and an acoustic guitar player on weekends around 6-9.  It is a nice view of the sunset in the evening.They have a good happy hour on Mon-Sat.  We ordered the Kobe Sliders with sweet potato chips ($8) and Gouda Mac & Cheese, and wine ($3 off during happy hour).  We also had the bread pudding with ice cream dessert.  Delicious!  We will definitely be back.
5	My sister-in-law (Shannon) was in town so we wanted to treat her to breakfast. We were going to another breakfast place in the DC Marketplace but the wait was over 30 minutes, so we decided to head over to Herb Box.  I have heard so many good things about Herb Box's brunch and I am so glad we went because it was the best brunch I have had in a long time! Luckily, there was no wait to be seated and we were seated inside the restaurant. Our waitress was friendly and quick to take our drink orders. I ordered a vanilla latte, Shannon ordered freshly squeezed orange juice and my husband ordered mango lemonade. For brunch, Shannon ordered the Red Velvet Pancakes and my husband ordered an omelet. I couldn't decide between the cinnamon pancakes or the bourbon peach French toast and asked our waitress which was better. She told me that the French toast was definitely a favorite and was almost sold out for the day. I jumped on that and was so glad I did. Our drinks arrived shortly and I really liked my latte. It came in a tall clear glass, reminiscent of what you'd normally serve an Irish Coffee in. My latte was both sweet and bitter at the same time which was delicious. Shannon enjoyed her orange juice since it was freshly squeezed and sweet. My husband enjoyed his mango lemonade but I thought it was a little watered down.Next, our food arrived. Upon first bite of my French toast, I was in heaven. My husband described it like eating bread pudding for breakfast and he was right. It was both heavy and light at the same time and the flavors were outstanding. I didn't even need the maple syrup they serve alongside it - the bourbon did an excellent job. It came with bacon and the bacon was crispy and delicious. Shannon enjoyed her pancakes and I tried a bite. It was truly like eating cake - super moist and chocolaty. My husband enjoyed his omelet and I agreed it was delicious. The Brussels, manchego and pancetta really blended well together. Overall, it was a fantastic brunch. It was so delicious and decadent. I can't wait to come back!
3	Well the food is really fantastic. Great wine and beer list. Great ambience and close to my house. Occasional live music is a nice way to enjoy drinks on the patio and the small takeout/dessert counter is a sweet touch. However....the waitresses are bad. Really really bad. I feel like they always have very rough, not polite and not what I would except for the prices I pay and service I would expect.
5	Great brunch spot. The DC Ranch location is set back from the road and could be a little difficult to find. That said, it is well worth the search.
4	We love this spot for Sunday brunch!!We lunched here Sunday around 11- we were seated in our choice of the patio.I had the vegetarian sweet potato tacos which were great- cubes of skin on sweet potatoes with onions guacamole and some greens.  Served in a flour tortilla is the only downside- would have preferred a wheat tortilla or sprouted grain homemade tortilla.  Side of black bean salsa was very bland- would have preferred the green salsa that was served with my husbands breakfast burrito!  I probably could have asked but I was still enjoying my food.My husbands breakfast burrito looked good- not too overwhelming.  Everyone at the table next to us was having the Korean ribs so next time we want to try that!!Yummy iced tea- I has the passion tea, no new for sweetener.  Also we asked about dessert and she listed a few options.  If we had a dessert menu to browse we would have been more tempted :)
5	I dined here on Wednesday 3/26 with my mom and friend, and we had a wonderful experience. Our server, Karen, was kind and engaging and provided us with great suggestions, as this was our first time dining here. We started with the grape and brie crostini, which was absolutely delicious. I ordered the lentil ricotta meatballs, which came with spaghetti squash and a pesto sauce, my mom ordered the salmon, and my friend ordered the kobe beef burger. Everything seemed to be made with fresh ingredients and had a beautiful presentation, and tasted amazing. There are plenty of options for both people who like meat and those who are vegetarians. We couldn't decide on just one dessert, so we had both the bread pudding and the "crack pie," and we could not even decide which we liked better. I can't wait to come back here when I come back to Scottsdale!
5	Excellent place to eat, grab a drink and people watch. Food is excellent and bar makes good cocktails.
1	MANAGEMENT PLEASE READ!!Service was HORRIBLE!! Food was WONDERFUL. I sincerely hope management reads this review, because the food was excellent, just need a serious change in servers or training. I am never one to complain about service, much less even notice bad service as I can completely understand the workload servers deal with and they work hard... which is why I always tip well. Please know that Herb Box had many empty tables, so it was not a packed day. My friend was in town and we decided to try a new place for brunch that came highly recommended by another friend. When we arrived to the Herb Box, we were seated outside on the patio. Due to the beautiful weather we were enjoying the sun and didn't mind the wait. However, after sitting there for over 15 minutes, not a single server even acknowledged us. We kept waiting, about to walk out. Then, an older couple sat down at the table behind us... and were promptly served. We were really upset that they had already gotten their drinks and had their order taken, and we still hadn't even been acknowledged. I don't know why we didn't walk out at that point, we should have (except the food was so good when we finally got it).Finally after about 20 minutes, a female server comes to our table to take our order. Well, besides bringing the check, that was the only time we saw her. She never checked if we needed anything and never refilled our empty glasses which sat empty for the majority of our visit. When we needed something, we had to flag down the other table's server. Feeling bewildered as to why such a great restaurant (food wise) had such terrible service, our server brought us our check finally. Usually they say thank you for coming, or at least something. She didn't say anything. We put the credit card on the table and waited.. and waited... waited over 15 minutes again before she even came to pick up the card. I really hate to leave such a bad review for a place that has excellent food. This has been the only time I have ever felt compelled to say something bad about service. However, I really hope management addresses these issues, because it can easily be changed, and I will be happy to change this 1 star review into a 5 star review like the food deserves.
5	We had the PERFECT Sunday brunch here. Beautiful outside patio + great weather + no wait = I liked this place within the first 3 minutes of arriving. And the food? The red velvet pancakes were magical- why hasn't anybody every thought of this fantastic idea before? Fluffy, sweet (but not overwhelming) and the perfect serving size- the lemon buttery syrup it comes with just makes them melt in your mouth. The biggest surprise with how reasonable the prices were for North Scottsdale- 2 entrees + mimosas for right around $30. Great job Herb Box! We're looking forward to checking out your Old Town location.
4	Love the pesto chicken sandwich and the short rib tacos. Salads are always fresh and the sweet potato chips crisp. Nice selection of fun cocktails. Service is usually very good. Stunning patio when the weather is mild.  Husband loves the Siracha  fried chicken that makes an occasional appearance on the menu. Highly recommend.
4	We went here this morning for Sunday brunch this morning. We called ahead for seating and we were seated promptly upon arrival. (Note- the old town location does not do call ahead seating). My husband ordered the chilequiles verde and our friend and I both ordered the bourbon peach brioche French toast. The food was served super quick. The chilequiles were good, but the bite I had could have been spicier. The French toast, however, was amazing. The middle was soft like bread pudding, and the edges were crunchy and caramelized. The dessert menu had so many choices that  sounded delicious so it was hard to choose, but we settled on the honey spiced cheesecake. It had a salted cashew crushed and was served with a beer nut ice cream, which was really good. Service was good. The waitress didn't hover, but our drinks didn't go dry and she checked in on us from time to time. We will definitely go here again.
2	My wife and I took another couple here for Easter brunch. I am vegan, my wife is mostly vegetarian and the other couple consumes the standard American diet so we thought there would be something for everyone at The Herb Box. The dining room was somewhat noisy, not because the place was busy - it was nearly empty, but because there were employees screaming at each other in the kitchen.  This restaurant could have used some customer focused management to keep the staff in line but no matter, we won't go back. It's not a place for those following a plant-based diet because of limited choices. I had Vegetarian Sweet Potato Tacos that they simply left the cheese off of to make it vegan. That seemed to be about as far as they were willing to go to accommodate me and even at that it took two attempts because the first plate of tacos came out with meat on them. When the correct dish arrived it consisted of two small soft tacos and about 1 tablespoon of a black bean/mango salsa side. The dish was acceptable, but reminiscent of the sort of stuff that I throw together at home when I haven't planned ahead. I guess the experience seemed corporate to me. It's as if the menu was planned and executed by an accountant rather than a chef with any degree of passion. Assuming the Easter tantrum in the kitchen was an unusual event it might be worth a visit for those seeking a standard American breakfast. But you better go soon, I doubt it will be around long because there are too many good options in north Scottsdale.
4	Great place for brunch, especially during the nicer months!  I have been here twice.  The first time I was unimpressed with the service (similar to some other reviewers) but the second time changed my mind.  I had mango mimosas both times (which I didn't see on the menu, but apparently they are $5 on Sundays) and they were delicious!  The first time I had the Bourbon-Ginger Peach Brioche French Toast.  Ohhhh my gosh was that good.  Definitely very sweet, as some other reviewers have said, but if you like sweet breakfast items you would like these.  My friend had the red velvet pancakes and said they were really good but also very very rich.  The second time I had the smoked salmon hash and it was absolutely delicious.  Definitely a change from the french toast...savory and delicious.  I will have a hard time departing from either of those the next time I go, and an even harder time deciding between the two.  My husband had the Kobe Burger and he loved it, and he is super picky about burgers.  The house made sweet potato chips were really good too.I will definitely bring visitors here - the location is nice (I love DC Ranch) and the food was excellent.
5	This venue is so incredibly cute, especially at night! Its right next to the Grayhawk golf course and has quite the "upscale" feel to it, even though it is a smaller location and very affordable.  This is the perfect place for date night, yet, if youre coming in on the weekend, I would suggest making a reservation. I like the menu style with the "farm to table" feel. The menu has a "healthier" look to it, but you dont sacrifice flavor thats forsure. When I went... I ordered the Smoked Gouda Mac and cheese with garlic breadcrumbs...(NEED I SAY MORE!?) and Thai style ribs that just fell off the bone. These really were the best ribs I've ever had, with a different flavor which was refreshing. I've had good BBQ ribs before, but this was a whole different twist. I would definitely recommend it. They have an outdoor patio and sometimes play live acoustic music... not quite sure when though, I forgot which weekdays. I've only been here for the dinners, but I would love to come back for their breakfast... also heard they have an amazing brunch on sundays.
3	Came here for dinner..really nice ambiance for the night. Thai short ribs were overcooked and dry. Gouda mac was decent. Crab dip was sub par...very minimal crab. More like a cilantro sauce with a few pieces of crab thrown in. Brie burger was the best thing we ordered. Quite flavorful and cooked to a perfect medium as requested.  Waiter asked how things were and I mentioned the ribs were overcooked and he said "oh?" and walked away. Guess he was just curious...
5	This is one of my favorite places to eat!  The food and atmosphere are great!
4	The pastry chef for the North Scottsdale location is a rock star. Plain and simple. I love the desserts here not to mention the upscale, quaint vibe and sweet potato tacos. YUM. The protein bars in the bakery are also excellent if you are an athlete looking for a great, homemade bar. They have some good gluten free options that are also available. Great iced tea, too. Yippie! The servers are also friendly. Hoping for a more kid friendly dinner menu in the future... but, I can't have it all, I know.
4	When choosing to dine at The Herb Box I was quickly impressed by their menu selection. The food was very healthy and a great spot to take some girlfriends. The atmosphere was relaxing and service was average. I would definitely go back!
4	After having a bad experience with the service a few months ago, I decided to give the Herb Box a shot at redemption. The service was much better this time, and food  was great once again.  Will be back for sure.
5	Simply put 5 star perfection. The service from TY or waiter was impeccable. A menu filled with farm fresh ingredients prepared to perfection. Topped off with some delicious sweets surrounded by a nice atmosphere made for a GREAT lunch!
4	So far so good. Been here 3 times and always happy. Good food and good service. I'm not a huge sweet person but their bakery things all sound great. Came with 2 friends and we all shared the following: peach French toast, chiliquiles, sweet potatoe/butternut enchiladas, crab dip and the crack pie. All were good. The French toast may be good to share as it got to be a little too much if you only had that. The bacon was really crispy which I loved. Crab dip was very good. Not a thick as we expected though. My friend thought it would make a good salad dressing. Tastes like the Trader Joes cilantro dressing. The crack pie was also yummy. You gotta eat that one there as they warm it up and it just melts. Very good but very sweet. Now that it's summer, you might have to wait a little since not as many people want to be outside so that's limiting but if you're willing to be outside, you could sit pretty quickly.
2	Great ambiance, but breakfast is suboptimal.  Delivers on taste, yet if you are not a bacon lover - looks like more than half of menu has bacon - than you might be disappointed with options. Not kid friendly at all, I would almost say adults only - very hard to navigate with a stroller. Last but not least out of three waiters that we have interacted, two has been pretty uninterested in our business (ie one couldn't understand why I wouldn't want bacon and thought it is worthless with offering no substitutes, second one made me pass all the plates while cleaning table.)In summary, we likely wouldn't be back. Good food, yet very limited options if you aren't a meat lover and traumatically poor service.
1	Having frequented the Herb Box DC Ranch for many years, along with spending part of my wedding there celebrating with the staff that is no longer working there,  today was a massive disappointment.  We went for lunch with our new puppy (Old town location is dog friendly) and told the hostess we had our dog with us and could she please seat us outside.  We were the ONLY ones on the patio as it was almost 2 pm. We were given water and when the waitress came out, she looked at us almost as if she smelled something horrible.  The first words out of her mouth were "Do you have a service dog badge?" When I said we didn't she told us she couldn't serve us and they didn't have a permit for dogs.  When I told her the other location was dog friendly, she told me, "they must have different rules", when I told her the hostess sat us down, she said, "she's a busser".She was probably the rudest waitress I have ever encountered.  I immediately called the manager, Eric and relayed the conversation and asked for the waitresses name.  He said he couldn't give it out.  Apparently she is either in the witness protection program, or part of the Harry Potter series as a very close relative of  "he who must not be named".  Eric did offer a gift card, but the Herb Box DC Ranch has left such a nasty taste in my mouth not even the offer of free food can take it away.  It's okay to be dog unfriendly, but to be people unfriendly is unacceptable.
5	We had my husband's 60th birthday party at this venue. We rented out the venue for the evening. This was. actually a "turn key"party.  The service, food and ambiance was excellent!!!! Katia, the event coordinator, help me pick the wine and food selections, and made sure everything looked great.  I also used my event person, Christin Graham, to do flowers, table decor and do a candy bar that  intertwined with the wonderful desserts, Monique baked.  In addition, I hired  a acoustic guitarist, Dave Robinson, a percussionist, Joe Garcia, and a photographer, Frank Palmeri to add to the evening fun. Katia, Eric and John (the managers), the the chefs and servers made sure everything ran smoothly.  You don't have to have all the extra people I hired to have a great party at The Herb Box.  I probably spent a hour and a half total talking to all of the people to tell them what I wanted and to get suggestions. All were very professional, and I was able to enjoy the party without having to make sure this or that was taken care of.  I have never had a party where everyone that came emailed or called to say what a great party it was...food, atmosphere, etc.The Herb Box is  one of my favorite places to eat.  I would definitely have another party there and recommend it to anyone looking for a place to party or just have a meal.   Now if they would just bring their tuna salad back:)
5	YUM!  My husband and I popped in here last minute one evening for dinner.  We didn't know exactly what to expect, but we were pleasantly surprised!  We had a fantastic meal and look forward to going back.We started with the crab dip appetizer.  It is a cold crab dip and is heavy on cilantro (which we love, I know not everyone does).  Served with plantain chips - delicious! I think my husband would have licked the bowl if we weren't in public. Okay, I would have too. I ordered the grapefruit and sugar crusted salmon over black quinoa.  Delicious!  My husband had the thai ribs with smoked gouda mac and cheese.  The ribs were FULL of flavor and I kept stealing bites of the mac and cheese.  We finished up with the "Oh my....crack pie."  A tasty oatmeal cookie pie with whipped cream.  We were so full, but kept eating because it was SO good. I think that for two glasses of wine and all of the food mentioned above, the tab was around $85.  Probably a little more than we planned on spending for a last minute stop, but we were so full and happy, it was worth it. It is worth noting that the menu does have some diverse options.  There are some plates geared towards the vegan/vegetarian crowd.  And there are several tasty options for the gluten free group as well. Our waitress was great and gave us some good suggestions since it was our first time there.  We hope to be able to stop in a try brunch soon. Really excited to find this option out by the Grayhawk/DC Ranch area.
3	The food is great... Just sometimes would be nice to have some more options that aren't fried. Overall, food has been delicious each of the four times that we've come. This particular visit was a bit tainted, unfortunately, by the brunette waitress who seemed annoyed to be there - and seemed way too rushed in her interaction with us (ie: walking away as she's speaking with us several times). We'll give the Herb Box another try soon- and hopefully will be more impressed with the service.
3	I have been to this location quite a few times for lunch as I work right down the street, and I have got to say that I have mixed feelings about it. The food is 4 star worthy, however, the service is always a 2. I love the variety of the menu and the fact that they have many gluten free options. The cilantro-jalapeno edamame hummus with pistachio-rosemary crisps is amazing! Regrettably, I did not enjoy the market street short rib tacos the last time I dined at The Herb Box. They were so incredibly bland and greasy! There was literally grease dripping out of each end of the taco! The tacos were my first bad food experience though. Everything else I have ever gotten has been great!  Now, onto the service. I have NEVER had a decent waiter/waitress or bartender! EVER! Everyone always seems to be too busy with their own lives, and talking with the hostess to pay any attention to customers. Everyone seems to have the same "don't care attitude". It is a struggle to put a drink order in at the bar with any of the bartenders as they speak about themselves at great length, or sit in the corner and watch TV. If you are not a regular at the bar forget it, you will have to fight for acknowledgment!  You have to go out of your way to get anyone's attention that's for sure. Make sure you ask for everything that you want when you first place your order because asking for a side of something after your food has come out will guarantee an eye roll and massive sigh. Go here for the food, not the service!
1	So disappointed in this place. Been going for years but the food is inferior and the wait staff and others hustled us out quickly. We will not be back. So sad.
5	Love this place; and really love the bartenders.  Love to sit at the bar and enjoy food and great conversation with the bartenders.  Late night dining is always so enjoyable here.
4	This place is such a cute spot. It's great for brunch. I always get the avocado toast it's really amazing. If you go definitely check out their baked goods selection they have a baker that comes in and makes all different creative and unique things each week. I got the red velvet cupcake. To die.
5	OMG amazing!  I stopped in here for take-out on Friday - I'm so glad I did.  The food is incredible!  I had a salmon BLT - it was insanely delicious!  From what I saw the atmosphere of the restaurant is fantastic too. I'm going to need to stop by sometime with a date :-)
5	Run, do not walk, to this amazing place!  The food is off-the-chart awesome and I could go back every day for a month and order something different and fantastic.  We don't live nearby but if we did this would definitely be 'our place.'  You'll be doubly blessed if you get served by the one and only Brandon.  She was a delight!
5	This restaurant is amazing. I highly recommend asking for Katie! She knows the menu inside and out, extremely attentive, and friendly.  I am definitely coming back for the service and food!
4	Great atmosphere, super friendly staff. Beautiful outdoor patio. Quiet but still lively environment. The menu is varied and includes a healthy mix for pretty much anyone in the group or your family. Selection of local bears which I appreciate for supporting economy of the state. Tonight I'm having the the Thai BBQ which, when inquiring about get an exuberant YES from anyone nearby that works here! The Thai ribs were absolutely incredible, as recommended. The slaw was 90% there but needed a different green to compliment the apples, cranberries and cashews.Mac & Cheese came cold, so needed to go back for a refire. I'm easy going to I only asked to heat. They chose to remake it. This means I didn't get a chance to let the spice of the Mac & cheese compliment the sweet of the Thai bbq. Nonetheless was fantastic.Eric (I presume the manager) took the time to visit and make sure our meal and visit was pleasant. Nice touches make a visit that much more enjoyable. Our server, Brandyn was great, super sweet very attentive.
5	Two words: WOW....with an  'F'! This place was SOOO good!  The eclectic -yet healthy- menu had great choices to choose from. We started with the ever-popular crab dip with plaintains (YUM!) and a cucumber basil mojito and an Ommegang Red Vos (amber ale) (double Yum)....and then we got to dinner.Oh man! My wife had the Thai baby-back ribs with Mac-n-cheese. She couldn't stop moaning. And she had the bigger of the meals! HahaI had a blackened chicken-n-avocado kale salad. Sounds light but it was healthy and very good and filling. And I still hold my man card! To top it all off, because it was our first time here, the manager treated us to dessert! How can you write something negative about that?? We had the "Oh My!...Crack Pie!" Oh my!! Very good but not addictive like crack (so I'm told!)All this and we'd be remiss not to mention service. Slow initially, then non-stop good, smiling pleasant service by Vicki. Awesome overall experience!
1	Let me start by saying, I LOVE The Herb Box.....in Old Town!!! We walked in here 5 adults and 1 child. We brought a dog in who was wearing a service vest. My friends didn't have his papers because they have never been asked as he is obviously wearing the service vest that you can't just buy in a pet store! 3 separate people came up to us to ask for papers after it had been explained that they left them at home but you can clearly see he is a service dog. The atmosphere in this place was so snobby (I know...its DC ranch)!!!!!! But if these people only knew how much money they lost from today and future visits they would have been kinder. Needless to say we were all very uncomfortable and walked out!!! Shame on you people.....you lost a lot of business today and considering how quiet it was there on a Saturday morning, you should be more gracious!!!!!!
3	They have short brunch hours on Saturdays, so we missed the mark unfortunately, however, the lunch menu looked devine so we opted to dine nonetheless. The patio at the DC ranch location is lovely! Lots of greenery, sun, and shade. That said, service was really slow and our server was ragging on their vegan/gluten free food... Like really, do you know what city you're in and what restaurant you work at??? Just set the tone in addition to zero menu knowledge or interest in anything other than their simplilist options. Took about 15 min to place a drink order and another 15 to receive anything other than water.We started with the vegan nosh board, which we anticipated to be something like a varied bruchetta app, not so! It was a collection of random items that I guess we're vegan. It was pretty good but the kale chips were lightyears ahead of the other "noshes". For entree, I had the spicy shrimp salad. First off, nothing spicy  or salad about it besides the arugala that topped 2 gross crostinis slathered in flavorless mayo avocado mixture and a couple of fried shrimp. Yuck! Def not what I was expecting. In Scottsdale of all places, you def can't just throw something green on a plate and call it a salad. In addition to the incredibly misleading menu description (no mention of the shrimp being fried), the dish was not well thought out because it was impossible to actually eat. Like I literally didn't know where to start. I was embarrassed to be eating it in public. My friend had a chicken sandwich. She also was not expecting it to be fried, but it was. She asked for an extra side of aioli for her sandwich and the waiter brought a chipotle one instead of the pesto aioli that it was supposed to be served with. I tried the Mac and cheese. It was good but very strong smoke flavor. A little much for a spot of lunch after a morning hike. Overall, won't come back for anything other than brunch, and definitely won't trust recos from their disjointed and ambivalent waitstaff.
