5	I visited a friend in Charlotte and we went "boutique" shopping.I LOVED this store.  They have amazing shoes.  I honestly was considering buying like 3 different pairs...however, I am officially on a shoe budget from my husband.  They have high quality, name brand shoes...so dont expect cheap shoes...but do expect shoes that are high quality and going to last!The staff here is super nice and helpful but not pushy...bonus.Also, their cute little doggie is so funny.One thing I am not used to living downtown Chicago is FREE PARKING!  BOOM!Its also attached to the undie store...LOVED that as well
5	This store really out did itself. The space, The selection, The service, is all TOP notch! I was very excited to learn that they will also soon be adding men's shoes to their line up. They seem to touch on all price points so there is something for everyone.  I would highly recommend this store to anyone looking for that perfect shoe or accessory to go with that perfect outfit.
5	This review is strictly for online/phone orders...I'm a little sad but relieved I haven't been to Shu in person yet - because if I still lived in Charlotte I'd probably be there weekly. And the damage that would be done on my credit card would be reprehensible. Buuuuuut...my birthday was a few weeks back and I treated myself to a few pairs of new shoes, from Shu! The website itself is clean, fairly easy to navigate and full of a variety of styles (pumps, sandals, wedges, boots) from great brands like Butter, Sacha London, Vince Camuto, Isola, LK Bennett, Dolce Vita, and more. While you might spy a few styles in local, upscale department stores, Shu also carries the unique and both Ben and Dan are great about placing special orders if they don't have the color/size in stock that you need. Service is great, selection is unique and I can only imagine what a great addition Shu provides the South End neighborhood. If you're in the area or you want to just peruse their online offerings, definitely take a moment and check them out.
