5	I recently made a move from San Diego, CA to Phoenix. A friend suggested I use Horizon Moving Systems, as they had a wonderful experience when they moved from Phoenix to San Diego. This is the most professional moving and storage company I have ever worked with. My doorways were protected, floor coverings were laid out, and the crew was excellent kind and conscientious. I have them storing some of my stuff for a few months and they even let me come over and pick a few things up that I needed urgently.  I will recommend Horizon Moving Systems to anyone looking to move.
5	Until Horizon, I had never before hired a moving service.  I was convinced they would 1) break my stuff 2) molest my stuff and/or 3) charge a premium for breaking and molesting my stuff.  Horizon changed my attitude about the moving industry and about the ease of trusting a conscientious, hard-working local company with the valuable material aspects of my existence.  Booking the move was completely painless.  I never got that "what did I sign up for?" feeling because I knew exactly what I was getting. The crew was dedicated and friendly.  They quickly and efficiently moved all my stuff, none of which was broken, molested, or suffered a single scratch.  This is especially impressive considering my penchant for hoarding delicate, antique lamps. I'm glad Horizon changed my mind.  It costs way more (physically, spiritually, emotionally, monetarily)  to rent a truck and do it yourself.  I'll miss the back strain and attendant excuse to lay around for days watching three seasons of Damages.  Other than that, I'm a convert.
2	We used Horizon for a two part local move (some goods moved into a temporary apartment and most goods stored, then the apartment and stored goods moved to a new home).They managed to damage two refrigerators and a dryer and completely ruin a washing machine.  We were eventually compensated for those losses, but we are now (after the deadline for claims is past)  finding hidden damage that was known to the moving crew but hidden from us so that they are just now being found.Needless to say, we are disappointed.
5	Horizon Moving Systems team of moving and relocation specialists are delightful to work with. Moving can be a stressful time and their customer service specialists cater to the clients specifications unlike any other moving company I've used and/or dealt with. Having moved over 30 times both on a local and international level I'm thrilled to say I have a company I can not only count on but trust. Thank you all for your hard work and dedication!
5	Talk about being the best around.... I've never had such a smooth and transparent experience with a moving company as I did with Horizon! From my first call in to them, the level of care and expertise put into my project simply blew me away. Thanks for everything Horizon!
1	Although I moved on 12/20/13, they didn't charge my credit card until 01/04/14, even though I had called them on 12/30/13 and was told that it would be processed that day!!!!  As a result, I can't claim the charge on my 2013 taxes.  I won't be able to charge the moving expense on my 2014 taxes either since the single charge is not enough to exceed 2% of my AGI.  The move itself was fine, just the billing sucks!
1	One star is being generous!  In 40 years, and 9 major moves, this company is the worse.  What a nightmare and I have over a dozen issues and complaints about them.  If anyone is interested in the gory details, just shoot me a private message and I will share them with you.
1	Well, here it is -- July 27th and they still are slow rolling me on my insurance claim.  What a crappy company.
1	Initially, I had a great experience with this company.  My contact person was friendly, explained the process, and was quick to get me a quote.  The movers who moved me out of my house were friendly and efficient.  However, once I actually got moved out of my house, things went downhill.  My belongings arrived 5 days after the 10 day window they provided me.  I would call to ask where my belongings were, only to be told they couldn't reach the driver.  Then, when I arrived to meet the driver, he was in a screaming match with the manager of my storage facility.  He was rude the entire time.  He was swearing, rude, and almost got my kicked out. Three weeks after my move, the driver who insisted that I had all of my boxes when I had several that were not checked off (he said he remembered moving them in and I must not have heard him call at the number), called to tell me he had several items of mine on his truck, including my mother's wedding dress.  The week after my belongings arrived, they told me I still owed $47 because I moved into a storage facility instead of a house, despite the fact that I told them from day one that I was moving into storage.  My contact at the company admitted it was her mistake for not including that in the quote and said she would get the charge removed. I heard nothing for weeks and assumed it was taken care of.  Then, I got a bill sent to my employer asking for payment of this fee.  I wrote back to the company explaining why I wasn't paying, and assumed this was the end of it, as I never heard back.    Now, over a month after my move, after I received an invoice saying all was paid except for the ridiculous fee I was fighting, my employer was sent a bill saying that no portion of the cost had been paid.  When I called to ask why, I was told the billing department couldn't answer that question without calling the people who directly handled my move but that nothing had been paid... despite the invoice I had from two weeks earlier saying I had paid and the charge for nearly $3000 that I paid off on my credit card last month!  When I started this move, I thought I would use the company again when I move into my house.  However, first impressions were definitely wrong, and I would never work with them again.  It would seem that they are trying to double bill myself and my employer (we split the cost of the move), and no one seems to know what is happening.
