4	After moving into our first home, my husband and I all of a sudden had a lot more need for stores like the Home Depot, Lowe's, and Ace than we ever did living in apartments. Even though we painted a few of the apartments we lived in, we never had to consider things like which air conditioning filters to buy, how to select the right length of extender for light fixtures, and which window coverings to buy. Having always seen commercials for the Home Depot and Lowe's that promise the customer how helpful their staff will buy in making these important and unfamiliar decisions (you know, "we can do it, you can help" and "let's build something together"), I guess we expected a staff that was a lot more proactive and helpful than the one we've encountered at this Lowe's. This Lowe's staff is definitely more helpful than the staff at the Home Depot in Laveen and their prices are more competitive, but we've been disappointed with how difficult it has been to get a staff member to help us (they definitely don't find you; you have to find them!) and to get questions answered. Every time my husband and I have gone in to select a product, we have found the staff to be somewhat absent (we have to had to track down someone to help us) and not all that knowledgeable about the difference between various products or the accessories/add-ons we needed for certain purchases. I wouldn't recommend anyone against visiting this location of Lowe's, especially since their prices and selection are decent. However, I would advise new homeowners or those taking on big home improvement processes to do their homework online and with crafty friends or neighbors before coming in to shop because the bubbly, super-knowledgeable staff from the commercials appear to not actually exist in the real stores!
5	I have spent many $1000s here in the last year, fixing up my new house.  For convenience, I also buy sometimes at competitors (The) Home Depot, Ace, & Evergreen, so they are my points of reference.  Here's how it has been going for me:*  Staff members almost all friendly & know their departments...  I find the customer service quality here to be much better overall than at Home Depot stores here in the Valley.*  Good source for advice on what they sell.*  Almost never more expensive than the other three stores, & often less.*  They seldom let their stock run out on an item they carry.Here's how shopping went for me yesterday, 7/3/10:Home Depot was advertising 10% off on all major appliances, plus free delivery, plus there's a $200 AZ Rebate on a new fridge right now, so I went in to see them, & also the stoves.  I stopped by Customer Service to get a cup of coffee, but Ms. Cranky #1 said, "We don't give you free coffee on Saturday!", & ran off.  Fine, but then I had to look for a long time just to find someone else to find a third employee to help me with the appliances!  Finally, Ms. Cranky #2 showed up.  They did have what I wanted, & she could deliver four days later.  I'd have to go on the Web to figure out how to apply for the rebate.  Fine, but I decided to compare prices at Lowe's, just to be safe.Over at Lowe's, after YES getting my delicious cup of free coffee, their REGULAR prices for the same two items were about the same as the SALE prices at Home Depot!  Not only that, Lowe's was also giving 10% off THEIR lower prices, plus free NEXT DAY delivery!  Also, friendly CSR "Larry" printed out the rebate app for me, making it easy to apply for it.  Everything went just great, & I saved about an extra $100 by buying here instead of at Home Depot!This was a typical experience for me, here.  I love Lowe's, & particularly this store on Baseline!
1	Really?! Is this place a joke??? I come to this locaction ONLY because it is closest to my house.  The service is BEYOND terrible.  The associates are blatantly rude.  They don't even have the courtesy to wait until you leave to make snide remarks.  I was appalled.  Currently I am waitin for my paint to be mixed by their "expert." Big surprise-she gave me the wrong color.....twice.
4	Just purchased a refrigerator from this location and they were very helpful and friendly. They delivered it in just a few days. I give this location 2thumbs up! I would have given 5 stars but there were a few occasions when Ive been there that the service was not good and was hard to find assistance.
2	This Lowe's has been slipping a lot lately and it's time to call them out on it!  I spend a lot of money here, & whereas there used to be two registers open in the Contractor's area plus two in the regular checkout area as well as four self-checkout stations and a usually not busy Customer Service desk where you could check out as an alternative, we now have a line waiting at Customer Service for the zero to one employee, only one regular register and one Contractor's register open, IF you can find the cashier who's supposed to be over there!Here's another thing.  Home Depots around the Valley have started serving up premium coffee in the mornings & it's delicious.  Meanwhile, this Lowe's hasn't had any creamer available FOR WEEKS, and this morning the coffee tasted as if they had tried to use the grounds twice!  Uck.  Either have coffee or don't, but away with the half-assing it!They're going to have to do better than this!     :-O
4	After having griped to Manager Cassi Yutel ten days ago about several things that were amiss here at Lowe's I came in today to find things going much better.  The coffee was good & there was creamer & sugar (Hey, it IS the little things that count!), the fairly rare items I came to buy were well stocked & I got checked out right away by a a cheerful cashier.Yay Cassi & Lowe's!  If things are still this good the next time I shop here they'll be back up to 5 Stars!     :-))
5	I'm in here shopping about every other day & lately things have been just great, so it' time to upgrade them to 5 Stars!Yesterday & today for instance, Manager Cassi Yutel had donuts out in the morning, as well as good coffee with c&s, and my customer service from Kaci in the hardware department was just great both days.  The fellow in flooring (sorry, I didn't get your name) was very helpful & knowledgeable too, and checkout times were short.It's a real pleasure to shop here these days!     :-))
4	It's right around the corner from my hizzy, and they have virtually everything I would think of when I think Lowes or Homeless Depot, etc.  I used to be a die hard Home Depot fan, but since this Lowes is so close, I'm a changed man.   Always helpful staff.     A couple of weeks ago, I exchanged a couple of propane tanks here.  One of them had a bad regulator but it took me a few days to return it.   I had no receipt, but they swapped it out for a fresh one no questions asked other than "did you get the tank here?".
2	Store is fine but there's always only 1 or 2 registers open and VERY slow.  I would recommend going to the Home Depot on 51st ave and Baseline as they're a lot better staffed.
