5	Excellent food and service. Kevin (the swing shift bartender) is always spot on. I haven't had a bad meal here yet, nor do I anticipate one. They have great specials and a mellow atmosphere. Make sure to check the chalk board just inside the front door for the daily food specials.
1	Never again.  Initial entering the dinning area was a bit smoky.  Busboy was great, but the waitress and cook messed up the order.  Did not receive an apology nor offered to correct the mistake after it was mentioned to the waitress.  Waitress even gave the wrong change back afterwards.  Food and price was decent.  Place & patrons have a mellow, depressing mood... not recommended if you want to enjoy your meal.  Other village pubs were much better!
3	Doesn't look like much from the outside - darkened window facade in a small plaza but decent enough inside.  The bar area is glass enclosed so it keeps the smoke out of the main dining area.  They brew their own beer which is pretty good.  Menu has a good variety of foods.  I had some salmon it was good.  Service was quick and friendly and prices reasonable.  Nothing fancy but won't break the bank either.  I frequently stay at a hotel nearby so I'll be back.
4	This place has great food and friendly bartenders.i try to come here at least once a week for happy hour. 10 great wings for about 4 bucks is just awesome. Addictive I tell ya! I come graveyard hours. Damn near empty at that time. Nobody is ever way too drunk n sloppy.
2	This place is a shabby looking place that looked like it had its heyday in the '50s. It's dark and looks like it might have been elegant many decades ago. The waiter was very, very friendly and upbeat, but the service was slow and poor. It took us 1.75 hours for what should have taken us 45 minutes. It took about 15 minutes for our order to be taken. It took about 20 for my dining partner to get his salad. By the time our food finally came, we were starving. The steak was ordered medium, but showed up as well done and, although tasty, had the texture of shoe leather.
5	This place is PERFECT for burger and a beer on the way home.  Try the sirloin special.... It's delicious!
