3	Ambrosia Cafe is a decent and reasonable Mediterranean restaurant in the Southwest. I don't live in the areaa but I saw this fairly new restaurant and decided to stop in. I'm a little weary of a place that serves Philly cheese steaks, ribs, pizza, and falafel, and even more weary when the latter is spelled 'felafel' on their menu, but I was hungry and they had some reasonable lunch specials. Considering my first impression, I was actually quite pleased with my lunch. I ordered the 'felafel' sandwich plate ($6.99) which came with a good version of tabbouleh and an undressed salad. I realized after eating half the sandwich that I should put that little salad inside, since the weird (or to be kind, interesting) combination of falafel, hummus, pickle, and peperoncini needed a little color and a touch more crunch. The falafel itself was beautifully browned and flavorful, but could have used a bit more kick. The hummus was fine, yet fairly standard, and the tabbouleh salad was properly done with lots of lemon juice. After the hummus and tabbouleh at Sunnin in Los Angeles, however, I am finding it difficult not to draw comparisons and become slightly disappointed in these two items elsewhere. The portion of lentil soup ($3.99) was huge, but I'm not sure it is supposed to be, judging by the way the waitress had to move at the pace of a snail to avoid spilling any of it over onto the plate. I appreciated her care, but unfortunately by the time it got to me it wasn't super hot anymore. It had a pleasant hint of curry that I enjoyed, but needed salt and a probably a more flavorful stock. It definitely improved once I doctored the leftovers back home later that day. I wasn't terribly impressed with my lunch, yet it was better than I'd expected so I was content. This isn't a place you would go out of your way for, but if I lived in the neighborhood I wouldn't mind its presence and would most likely frequent it on occasion (they also deliver).
4	Enjoyed it here!On a spontaneous trip to Vegas this past Memorial Day weekend, I had the honor of meeting some down to earth peeps (DJ David and Chrissy) whom introduced my friend and I to some local Mediterranean food off the strip.After a long drive, we needed a quick bite to eat before hitting the nightlife scene so this was a convenient place for us. This small and casual restaurant accomodates nearly all kinds of foodies..from the health-conscious to the hard-core carnivores. Waitress was attentive and we were seated almost immediately. I liked the colorful and bright menu! Being as indecisive as I am, you really couldn't go wrong with the menu selection. Everything sounded familiar, simple, and straight-forward. I ordered the "Vegetarian Gyro" sandwich (tabouleh, fresh veggies, and tzatziki sauce) and my friend ordered the "Simply The Best" sandwich (Authentic gyro meat, lettuce, tomatoes, onions and tzatziki sauce.)  Both ~$6-7 and a decent portion size.KEY IMPORTANCE: Freshness!!!Upon arrival (quick service btw), I was visually impressed at the setup and freshness of the ingredients. Presentation is important to me so my mouth was salivating already. My camera phone didn't do it justice though (see pics), but let me tell you..as simple as the ingredients were...nothing beats a good gyro, but FRESH and TOP QUALITY ingredients! This had THAT!!! The tabouleh was flavored nicely. Simple and Delish!My friend devoured his sandwich in what seemed like 3 bites or maybe it was 2 and a half. It all happened so fast that by the time I looked at him, he was smiling with a look of sweet and utter satisfaction! According to him, "It WAS simply the best." HAHA! Or maybe he was just THAT hungry?! =pAs for me...I'm a pretty slow eater. I made sure to chew 13 times before I swallowed. haha. Okay..maybe not 13 times, but I did let all the flavors dance around in my mouth, but only to get a text soon after to meet up with the rest of our crew in 20 minutes! EEk! So I got to eat half and took the rest "doggy-bag" style.  Only 4 stars since the restroom could have used a bit of a makeover. I know, but I'm anal like that. Anywhoo, I will definitely head back to "Ambrosia Cafe" to try out their other menu items. I hear their "Falafel Sandwich" and "Eggplant Parmesan sub" are HITS!A great and quick stop to get your Mediterranean fix on!
4	I've never been to this place but i've had Delivery 4 times now.   After a long day of work,  I wanna come home to my pup and not be out for more time to eat.  So far EVERYTHING I've had is DELICIOUS!  Big portions, fresh food, nice flavors.  They have the BEST RICE i've ever had.  It's moist and cooked perfectly, with a unique flavor.Chicken Kabobs are awesome.I've had the ribs twice,  "Mediteranian Style" which means not bathed in bbq sauce.  Tender, Juicy and naturally flavorful with just grilled onions on top.  Other than the rice,  the other sides are Meh.  Beans and potoato salad seem like pre-made.Deserts also seem like pre-bought, but not bad.Entree's, price and deliveries make up forthe mediocre side stuff.I'm a fan for easy, yummy delivery!
4	The food is good, and they have a ton of variety, but nothing in my mind stands out on their menu. I've ate here a few times since it's close to my house, their kebabs are probably the best thing I've had, but it seems like they try too hard to put a ton of things on the menu. Their Pizza was average at best.
3	Quick stop by the Ambrosia Cafe for a couple of late night take out items.  The Ambrosia Cafe is a blend of Italian/Mediterranean food which isn't too far offer.  Both cuisines happen to be 1 and 2 on my favorites list so I'm a big fan.  I ordered the Gyro because I figured it was a safe bet and was pleased with my purchase.  My partner in crime Ashley D went with the Cheesesteak with extra cheese and let me say, she knows what she doing.  That thing was epic..... cheese and meat on a deli roll..... mmmmm delish.  Definitely satisfied with Ambrosia and would love to dine-in sometime soon and try the other menu items.
2	We were the ONLY 2 in the restaurant, should have been a clue. But we sat down & ordered anyway since we were hungry.  My falafel came out in 10 minutes, although th waitress didn't know if it was made with breadcrumbs or was gluten-free. I took my chance since she said the mix only said spices. Very brown & crrispy on the outside, barely cooked inside, not good obviously the oil was too hot . His chicken wings came out  when I finished my plate. But he had to send them back to cook more since he asked for them extra well done & they were only as golden as the non-crispy fries. They tried to make the excuse that they were well done but the sauce makes them soft (& takes off the browner  coloring of cooked skin)?? Finally they redid his order & he ate so we could leave not satisfied but no longer starved. You won't be seeing either of us there again.
4	I love that this cafe has a mix of food because a lot of times my husband and I can't decide on a place we both like. They have Mediterranean food for me and sandwiches ...even Pizza for him. I had the Falafel Special that came with a Falafel Sandwich and a side of Tabbouleh. I haven't had Falafel in years so I forgot what it tasted like. I was pleased when I took a bite out of the sandwich it was good. The Tabbouleh tasted really fresh and zesty. You could tell it was just made because it wasn't soggy. My husband had the Cheese Steak Sandwich with the Greek Fries. The fries were too salty for my taste but my husband seemed to like it. We wanted to try something new so I didn't mind it. The atmosphere is relaxing and calm which is a nice change especially after work. I also liked the music they played while I was in there. It was most likely The Beatles Greatest Hits ...when I thought no one was around me I would sing along to some of the songs. I couldn't help it! When we were getting ready to leave the waiter asked if I liked the Beatles. I was thinking "Oh no ...Did I sing that loud" ? I told him that I did hoping he wasn't subjected to my singing. It was refreshing that he was so personable because it just makes the place feel more welcoming. The Ambrosia Cafe has a diverse menu that makes it almost impossible not to find something you will like!
4	I've never been to this place, but I eat their food about once a week. We either get delivery or my boyfriend goes to pick it up. It's maybe three minutes from our house, which is great.The Ambrosia gyro is to die for. It's got the tabbouleh, feta cheese, and avocado on it. Boyfriend likes to get the plain gyro, and I get it since the meat itself is delicious, but after having the Ambrosia there's no going back. Their tzatziki is also excellent, and I add it to my gyro along with the sliced red onions they provide.Recently the boyfriend has been getting the cheesesteak instead of his gyro, and we've been working our way through the kebab menu. My favorite kebab so far is the chicken; it reminds me of the Lebanese chicken kebabs that I always ate growing up, nice and lemony and herby. My favorite cheesesteak has the meat, onions, mushrooms, and extra cheese, since I don't eat bell peppers. We haven't tried the pizza or the ribs yet, and at this rate I'm not sure we will, since the gyros and cheesesteaks are so good. I make my own hummus so I've never tried theirs.Their fries are just okay, but who needs fries when it comes to food this great? I'm also surprised they don't serve baba ghannouj, which I will eat out, since it's a pain to make at home.I don't know about the service there, because like I wrote, I haven't actually eaten in at the place. Their take-out service and their delivery are both really quick. When we call for take-out we are able to pick up within ten minutes.Seriously, order the Ambrosia gyro on your first trip there. Just do it.
4	I've since tried the chicken noodle soup, the pizza, and the calzone.The chicken noodle soup is not what you'd expect from a traditional chicken noodle. It's lemony and has much more depth of flavor. There were definitely notes of cilantro in there. I couldn't put it down. It's incredibly interesting, yet still comforting in the way that you want chicken noodle to be.Their pizza is good. It's not the best pizza I've ever had, but I like their crust, their sauce, and their cheese. The pepperoni pie was good, as was the gyro meat. I haven't yet tried the Greek pizza because the boyfriend doesn't like feta or olives, but I really can't wait to do so.If you order a calzone, and you are less than two linebackers, get the smaller size. The large is enormous. We ordered the large with onions and gyro meat. It was good, but I felt like it had a little too much mozzarella cheese and not enough ricotta. The ricotta seemed to be all piled around the edges, while the inside was all mozz. I think they could mix it up a bit more. For my update, the calzone gets three stars, the pizza gets four, and the chicken noodle gets five. Averages out to four stars again. Next up, I'm trying their ribs and their wings.
3	I've been going Ambrosia since Winter of  2009.  Not sure if it's changed ownership,but recently some menu items have changed or been deleted. Plus the wait staff seems to get younger and dumber.  A few months back  their was a kind experienced  woman waitress. They seemed to replace her with some kid who probably previously  worked at McDonalds.Not only did they replace the good waitress . When you ask for water they bring it in a cocktail glass with two straws! Maybe they ran out of tall cups that night. lol. I don't know..As for the food,it's great!  But I would recommend take out oppose to dine in.
3	Ordered takeout on Friday. Lady was quick and easy to order with on the phone. Was told 15-17 and a half minutes, which made me laugh. Pulled up to the place and noticed they had a nice little patio setup with table and chairs out front. Looked pretty cozy. Walked inside and the coziness continued. I was impressed with the inside as they even had a little fireplace going. Food was already bagged up and ready to go. Paid for my order quickly and left. As to the food, I wasn't overly impressed but was happy with what it was. I had the Falafel sandwich. falafel were big and meaty and the sandwich was good for the $5.95. Also had the Ambrosia appetizer plate for my wife. Grapeleaves were very good. Tzatziki was good, Hummus and Tabbouleh were OK. Was a bit disappointed with a chicken parm sub though. Not sure if anyone told them but the chicken on a chicken parm should be breaded. This was like strips of chicken you get in a salad, covered in cheese and sauce. It tasted good, but was definitely missing the breading to make it a great chick parm.
4	I have been wanting to eat here for a few months now and never had the chance. Finally I was able to sneak over there during my lunch hour. My first impression when walking in was wow this is a nice place. From the exterior I assumed it would be an order from the counter and take out type of place which was not the case at all. After reviewing the wide range of food on the menu I decided on the lamb sandwich to go. My order took maybe 5 to 7 minutes to arrive and I was out the door. Food was very tasty and for $8 I plan to visit them on a more regular basis.
4	My Gf and I decided to stop in before celebrating st party's at the bar next door. The food was very good (I had the Philly burger and the girl had the ambrosia gyro).  I can't believe nobody else is here at this time. The food was well worth the price (at first I thought it seemed high for a cafe).  Had this saved on my comp since i wrote it from my phone, and have eaten there twice more.  Each time it has been very empty inside, but they were busy with to-go and deliveries. Each time has been very satisfying.
2	I have to agree with another reviewer that the cafe has changed hands since our last visit.. The new wait staff obviously unfamiliar with the restaurant business. The sandwiches may be good but the pizza we had was all cheese and no taste.
3	unfortunately i have to change my star rating for ambrosia.  After my first couple tries, i thought ambrosia was a very good find and especially important bc it's right next to my house.  We ordered for pick-up tonight (i ordered the philly with everything - that clearly stated that it included fries), and my gf ordered the same ambrosia gyro she's had all 3 times.  My philly was meh, and did not include fries.  The reason this was so poignant was that i actually put on the special instruction field "online it says this philly comes with fries, please add if that is just a typo."Wouldn't be a huge deal if i felt the philly alone was worth 7.99.  It was more like a 5.99 philly imo.  I noticed since the last time i ordered online and this time, they have changed the company they use to place orders.  Perhaps that is why this experience was sub-par.
5	Love this place.  Never crowded, which is a shame, free wifi.  I don't understand why every local business that wants a lunch crowd doesn't offer free wifi yet.  Anywho, really great tasty food for reasonable prices, falafel, pizzas, kabobs, gyros, and amazing cheese steaks. I ate there 3 times in one week.  and for true Greek lovers- lamb and lentil soups are legit.
4	Excellent gyro, fries, and tzatziki sauce, but the baklava was a little too cold like it was fresh out of the fridge though it tasted very nice. Would definitely return again :)
4	Food is good and prices make it even better.  Service can be slow but why rush?  Enjoy the meal especially since they don't have music blaring over your head but a very tranquil setting where you can focus on the flavors (especially their lamb rice soup)
5	This place is my favorite..they have an amazing gyro salad for the low carb lovers.its always empty when I go in there but they mostly take out.good affordable food for what ever your craving.The only thing I didn't like there was the Bulgarian combo plate and the cheeseburger
5	I love this place- I eat here at least once a week. The service is always great, and the delivery (for when I feel lazy) is quick. I usually get the hummus (served with a lot of warm pita bread), lamb sandwich, or pork chops- and they are all delicious.
4	We have ordered several times online and it was alright, but this time we decided to stop by.  We were quite surprised I must say in the quaint and comfort of the cafe.  Our waitress was extremely kind and helpful.  She gave great suggestions, waited on our table with promptness.  Sometimes I hesitate at the quality of a restaurant in a corner gas station plaza, but I am glad this went above our expectations.  Never judge a book by its cover.  The hummus and pita was delicious.  The greek salad was huge.  The chicken kabob was a bit salty for my taste buds.
4	When I walked in, the place was empty and usually that's not a great sign. It looked nice and it was kind of early so I sat down. I ordered the gyro and the Ambrosia salad based on the server's suggestion. Both were great. The gyro was stuffed with meat and the Ambrosia salad was bite sized chopped veggies in a light mediterranean dressing. Not chopped apples and walnuts, whew. It's not too far from my job, so I would def stop back in and try the falafel.
4	Cute restaurant with good food and they deliver which is nice.
4	Coworker and I decided to try this place out a couple weeks back , since we had to go to a store quite close.  Always willing to try a new place with good reviews. Upon walk in we liked the decore , it gives quite a homey feeling. The wait staff was extremly nice. They have alot of decently priced lunch specials. I ordered the Gyro Sandwhich w Fries and it was extremly tasty.  It was a good amout of food for the price. I liked it so much i took another co worker there about a week or 2 later.  She enjoyed it as well. I definitly look forward to going back and trying something new on the menu.
4	I had the hero and it was what I expected GREAT!!
4	We had never ordered from here before so we decided to get pretty standard Mediterranean things: lamb kebab & 2 kofta kebab with house salad, gyro with the cold cucumber-dill soup (I forget the exact name.) Our food was delivered quickly but my husband was missing a kofta kebab. I try not to be one of those picky people, but $45 for this and I expect everything to be there. However, everything tasted wonderful and I'd definitely eat here again, next time at the restaurant. ;)
1	I usually thoroughly enjoy my experience here... however, the last time I ordered from there I was extremely disappointed by several things. So, I ordered my food through the 24 hour food delivery website I like to use. I ordered the cheeseburger and added on fries, the philly with everything (which says it includes fries), and 2 16 oz. Sprites. Every time I have ordered from Ambrosia Cafe I have received my food in 20 min. or less, I don't know if the management or owners have changed, but this was not the case this time! I didn't get my food for 45 min. to an hour! The boy who delivered it did not have a receipt for me when I asked him for one. Once I got the food in the house and opened it to dig in the fries with the cheeseburger were cold, the sprites were watered down because of the melted ice, and the philly had no fries with it. I then made a phone call to Ambrosia Cafe. A girl answered the phone and I told her that I had just received my order and I was missing an order of fries. She then told me that it did not come with fries that they were extra. I quickly let her know that their menu online states that the Philly with Everything does come with fries. She then tells me that she didn't even know that they had a website, but fries are only served with that particular sandwich at lunch time. I let her know that the menu on the website says nothing about that and then I asked to speak to a manager. She told me that there was no manager there at the time, but that she would let her know. Yeah right!!!! I finally just got off the phone with her because she clearly had no clue about her place of work at all! I plan on calling back again and trying to get a manager on the phone and if not I will go in person and speak to someone. I am usually a pretty easy going person, but I do not like being lied to and I most certainly expect to get what I pay for. Needless to say I will probably not be ordering from Ambrosia Cafe ever again! Hope this review helps someone! Thanks for listening!
4	As detailed in another review, I come to this area for work once in a while, so we're always looking for a good lunch place.Ambrosia has a little of everything, from soup to sandwiches, pizza, lasagna.  It's a little Mediterranean, a little Italian, etc.The lunch specials are well priced, service is excellent, and the food has never disappointed.If you're in the area, give them a try, this place deserves to succeed.
1	I highly advise you stay away from this restaurant. I ordered beef kabobs. instead of having veggies on the stick with the meat, they sauteed veggies separately and threw it together with the kabobs. (lazy) The meat was extremely fatty. Almost no flavor in the food.
1	Crunchy falafel sandwich...like hard and dried out. Not happy at all...will not return. Also took quite a while to get.my to go order. And overpriced for what u get.
5	Love this place gyro, and lamb soup hell yah so bomb
3	My buddy and I came here craving gyros and chicken fingers. The restaurant is large and spacious but not well-ventilated. The air inside was warm and humid. The staff was friendly though. We placed our orders for chicken fingers and a gyro. 15 minutes later, our food was served. I figured chicken fingers would be safe since they are pretty standard everywhere I go. The batter was....different. When I stabbed the chicken with my fork, the batter just kind of disintegrated and fell onto the plate...like a shell. When I ate it, the texture and taste was a bit similar to what you would get at Long John Silver's. It didn't taste bad at all, it just felt wrong in my mouth.The gyro looked awesome..like your typical gyro stuffed with meet, onions, tomato, cucumber, lettuce, and tzaziki sauce. It wasn't the best, it wasn't the worst. It satisfies the craving.Overall, it was ok. I would go back only because it is so close.
3	I added an extra star because the bf liked the food (note-when hungry, any heated finger foods will do for him) and they were one of few places still open in the area and delivered on a weeknight, which was convenient since we were too exhausted to leave for dinner after a full day of shopping. We ordered a large meat lovers pizza, popcorn shrimp, and onion rings. The meal with a $5 delivery fee tacked on for us being over the 5 mile radius came out to $38. This was a bit pricey for a bland, thin crusted pizza with virtually no sauce and paper thin slices of meat (i cannot tolerate dry pizza), frozen popcorn shrimp, and very small and thin onion rings. They were not cheap on condiments, although the dressings were of very poor quality. Good thing only two people were eating. We stayed at Tahiti Village and the front desk made us leave the room and walk to the main lobby (in a different building). Not the delivery person's fault but sure did not help the experience either.
4	I love this place, the atmosphere is great, the wait staff are wonderful. The food is always amazing. I ADORE their philly cheese steak. Their fries are awesome, so hard to find good fries that are yummy and crisp without being burnt. Everyone I've taken there has enjoyed their food as well. They don't have a kids menu but if you bring in a little one they will do kids portions. :) Always a good thing when you have a kid under 2.
5	The Gyro was amazing, Taziki was just the way I like it.  Try the sampler, its a must get!  The owner is very personable and makes everything herself. Great lunch spot!
1	Ew! Do not order delivery. Salads are a joke. I ordered lasagna and chicken parmagan pasta. Both were gross. Plus worst humus I've ever eaten. 2 thumbs down. I guess I shouldve tried kabobs or gyros. But now ill never know bc I deffinetly don't EVER plan on eating here again.
4	I've had the Greek salad and Ambrosia salad.  Good portions and staff is friendly. I think you seat yourself when you go.
1	Not happy with the chicken ceasar salad. Bland salad and very dry and tough chicken.
4	Good variety of food!
4	Great service. There wasn't something on the menu, so I explained what I wanted, and our waitress made it happen, she just said, "ill do that". EXCELLENT!! - The atmosphere is very much American with cool "Mediterranean" chairs. Cool music. Good TV. My friend got the gyro-burger an it smells amazing! He says it was Delicious! My food was good. The chicken was well cooked and juicy. ( Major plus+) The rice was just regular white Asian style rice. Just definitely wasn't authentic. They had an issue with splitting up the bill so that just helped solidify my 4 stars. Good stuff- I'd be back.
4	My husband and I call this place "Pizza Kabobs" because of their oddly-spaced window signage.When we are feeling lazy (which is often) we tend to pull out the box of menus and order some delivery... About 4 months ago we tried Pizza Kabobs aka Ambrosia Cafe and we were not disappointed.Their menus has a vast variety - part pizzeria, part-Mediterranean fare. We felt the need to try a little bit of everything. 73 dollars and 15 minutes later we had A LOT of food at our door.Their gyros were pretty darn good. Not life changing but excellent for delivery expectations. I love a good shish kabob sandwich and I was in love with their beef. The hummus was great but they were a little stingy with their pita bread. The pita bread was probably the most memorable and our big favorite but when they give you a big order of hummus - 3 pitas ain't gonna cover it. We knew for next time - order extra pita bread.The pizza was actually pretty good - again the expectations were low because it seemed Mediterranean was their calling. The sauce and cheese ratio was awesome. I wish they had a bigger selection of pizzas but their Meatlovers was loved by us both.Their phillys weren't bad either!! I ordered the philly with everything and the meat was well flavored and the fixins were fantastic.We have ordered from them at least 1x a month since then and while their delivery time isn't always consistent (one time we waited like an hour and ordered much less food) we always finish the meal saying "can't wait till next time".I would definitely recommend Pizza Kabobs (Ambrosia..whatever) to anyone in the neighborhood. man, this review made me hungry.
5	I had to go to our printer today to drop off some files and it was right at lunch time. I did a quick yelp search and came across this place. I was wanting something fairly healthy and greek/mediterranean sounded fabulous. This place was right up the street so I headed over with high hopes and let me say I was got more than I was hoping for a quickly lunch.I went in and there was only one other table, but the place was really cute and the lady behind the counter told me to find a seat. I found a nice little two seater high top in the corner. She quickly brought me a menu and I perused their offerings. I was really in the mood for hummus, but wanted something more substantial as well. I noticed they had a gyro and fries, so I ordered that and a hummus platter. Luckily, she was smart and just ordered me a gyro because I know I wouldn't have needed those fries. Hummus and Pita - YUM YUM YUM. I only meant to eat half the pita but good grief it was so good and the hummus was so smooth, I kept shoveling it in. I swear she probably thought I was coming off of a fast. I boxed up the other half and ordered more pita for later. I dreaming of it now.Gyro - I've never been THAT fond of gyros but all doubts have been squelched! More yummy, soft, warm pita topped with fabulous meat. I usually get gyros that are dry but NOT THIS ONE. The tatziki was amazing too. It took me no time to polish this thing off. Tatziki - I love love love tatziki and this stuff was above and beyond good. It was/is so tasty I order a platter to go so I can enjoy it at home. The thing I love is that tatziki tends to last a good bit of time so I put it in good tupperware and will be slathering some grilled chicken with it for dinner tonight.Service - the service was good and she was quiet friendly. I secretly loved that she had a accent because that tells me this place is probably family owned. Also probably why it was so good.This is my new favorite place to go and luckily we are starting our busy season so I'll be going up to Creel on a regular basis. I really can't wait to try other things on the menu. If the kabobs or pizza are anything close to as good as what I had then I will be in heaven.
4	Yay for gyros! had the Ambrosia which was really good, will definitely come back to try their hummusTIP: Bring cash!!! as of 3/4/2013 they charge .50cent per card transaction (no minimum)
4	Great service and food here.everything is yummy. every their pizza are good. we ordered appl platter, gyro sandwiches, margarita pizza. it was amazing. I would highly recomend this place to anyone.they also have great lunch special and delivery too. One thing! no credicard !! cash only unless u want to pay extra 50 cent.
4	Good food overall. I've gone for lunch a number of times and it's one of the best options in the area. Service is great, family owned price is right. They started a credit card fee which I guess is OK but I think it would be better to hide the fee in the food price. I've never seen a place charge a $3 credit fee for a $60 order. The fee is a nice option for the $20 or less meals. Many places wont let you use your card when it's that cheap.
2	Worst tasting gyro ever. Got my gyro delivered & it didn't have any flavor. They put very little lamb in it. It was more pita bread than anything else. The baklava was a tiny piece & they put a weird red sauce drizzled on it. Why would you do that to a dessert that should taste like honey & pistachio? At least the delivery guy was prompt & nice. Going back to paymons. Oh well.
1	So I had the day off and decided to take my daughter somewhere local to eat within walking distance because I love supporting local small companies in lieu of Franchises or Chains. My first thought as I entered Ambrosia was how dark it was.  My second thought was that I should call Robert Irvine from Mission Impossible ASAP. But I thought hey looks are decieving so let's DO THIS! Ok first off it is not a Cafe by any means. It is more like a diner  with bad old plush hotel furnishings. Well it was midday and I got to cheat so I ordered the Philly Cheese Steak and my daughter ordered the Hamburger meal thinking these are 2 hard to mess up menu items. #Wrong ... My daughters burger buns were so Saturated in Grease and she refused to eat it and it was way overloaded with Mayonaisse. The Non Attentive waitress brought out a New bun however that let you really taste the flavorless Frozen hamburger patty. My philly cheese steak was disgusting. The mushrooms taste like they were canned the meat was non existent. The fries on the side, those frozen fries they gave her and I barely any. The waitress did not offer Ketchup, ranch or anything else with the meal. So I am waiting for a refill and as I look around I start to notice just how dirty and filthy and disgusting this establishment really was.  I did not eat any further. Nor did my daughter. I asked for the check and we raced out the door and I hear that little innocent voice come out of my daughters mouth singing "I told you we shoulda went to Subway"  Alas she was right however I told her well We would not have known if we didn't try it. We left sad and turned off we wasted a eat whatever we want day here at Ambrosia. They are a Restaraunt Impossible waiting to happen! Cafe's r Synonymous with Fresh and in season, not frozen amd greasy.
4	Ambrosia is no longer in business.  Their food was decent and they always had extremely fresh tomatoes but those days are gone.  This location is being replaced by a new sushi restaurant.
1	Located just down the street from my home, my family and I have returned to this place for the last 3-4 years whenever the Mediterranean good craving hit. Their food is nothing really special, but the convenient location had us coming back a few times throughout the year. The gyros are filled with flavorful meat and the tzatziki is very good. The Greek fries are to die for. Their falafel is too dense and too heavily spiced with cumin for my taste. Before today, this place would have earned a solid  3 stars. But today we returned with my brother and his fam for lunch and they served him RAW chicken wings! Totally unacceptable! The server was very gracious when we informed her and even offered us a fresh batch which we declined. She came back to the table a few minutes later and asked to have the undercooked pieces so she could show the cool. This really annoyed me because it was as if the cook didn't believe it and needed proof! Definitely not coming back.
