5	I definitely enjoyed using Lyft. We parked our car in Bloomfield and walked down the hill to attend Art All Night in Lville. At 1am or so we left and didn't feel like walking back so we requested a ride with the Lyft app. The driver arrived in maybe 3 minutes. He was friendly and chatted with us a bit.One thing to note: At this time of night apparently there weren't many drivers, as we were alerted by the app that an automatic 50% gratuity was being added to our fare to encourage more drivers to drive. Even with that, our ride was only $10 which was fine with me for such prompt service.I do worry a bit for the drivers when it comes to reported issues with auto insurance and whatnot...I can only hope that Lyft treats its drivers well and covers issues like that appropriately.
4	I'm so glad Pittsburgh finally has ride share. I've been using Lyft since day 1. They are reliable and affordable. The same can't be said for Yellow Cab. Love that every time I request a ride there are plenty of Lyft drivers available.
1	I watched from my gym as a Lyft car blew through a stop sign and almost caused a wreck. Yah...I'll be using them REAL soon.
5	I've used Lyft three times now, all within the past month.  Not owning a car in PGH, there are some neighborhoods that can be difficult to access, despite that I have a free bus pass and a bike.  Also, there are some times that I just want to get somewhere quickly without the hassle of waiting for a bus or cycling over.  Lyft has proven to be an excellent resource in those cases, providing me with a great transportation alternative.The first time I used Lyft, I used it to get to a friend's house in the Wilkinsburg/Edgewood area.  Since that was my first time, I took advantage of the code on Yelp offering a free ride up to $25 (see above).  The second time, I used it to get to the Wigle Whiskey Barrelhouse in the Spring Hill neighborhood of the North Side (near Penn Brewery).  The third time, I used it to get to a restaurant on Bryant Street in Highland Park.  All three times, the rides took about 10 min. and cost $8.  Each time, a driver came within 10 min. of summoning them.  Two out of three of the drivers were very friendly and conversational--the third tried, but didn't talk as much and conversation seemed somewhat awkward and forced when he did.  None of them offered any water, snacks, etc., but then again, I don't really expect this--I'm just looking for a quick and economical ride to wherever I'm going with some friendly banter.Overall, I've had a great experience using Lyft, but I do have a couple of minor criticisms.  The first is the range of service, which encompasses the city limits and the suburbs west of the city out to the airport.  It would be great if the range could be extended to encompass some of the suburbs in other directions.  The second is the lack of a meter--or even an estimate when the destination is entered.  While fares are very reasonable and have been the same for all of my rides, it would be great to know about how much I'll be expected to pay prior to the end of the ride.Despite these criticisms, I am awarding a 5 star rating because Lyft has been significantly better and more reliable than PGH's other ground transportation alternatives (and no, I've never used Yellow Cab).  For PGH, Lyft really is as good as it gets when it comes to getting from Point A to Point B in a vehicle that I don't own and don't have to drive in an efficient and cost-effective manner.
5	Always quality, prompt service. Always super friendly. You don't get any weirdos like with Uber. It's always the most affordable. $7 from Oakland to Southside and a $5 tip (because these people are super nice and I want to keep Lyft in Pittsburgh.) Also in the app at the top there's a slider that you can toggle over to "Plus" if you have a group of 6+.
5	Lyft is great!  So much more reliable than a cab and all the drivers are super friendly.  You can never rely on the cabs here in Pittsburgh.  I feel like having Lyft around has gotten a lot of drunk drivers off the street who are unable to get cabs.  Prices are also more affordable and I like the rating system where you can rate the drivers. I've used it several times in Pittsburgh now and never had an issue.  So easy to call a ride from the app and you can even track it on the map to see how far away your ride is and you can call your driver directly!  Definitely can't get that from a cab!
5	I've been using them for over a year and live the service!!!  You never wait more than 15 minutes and they don't complain about short trips.  In pittsburgh,  it's the best option.
