4	I've lived and known about this place for 7 years and I finally went there. I had the steak potato and cheese. It was really good and really filling. The prices were really reasonable and the staff was friendly. I will for sure go back there!! Yumm!
5	Best breakfast burritos ever.  Go there and try it and you will not be disappointed.
5	Their Supreme Breakfast Burrito is the best Ive ever tasted! You always hear about the little "hole in the wall" mexican food place with the best food ever. Well this is it. I eat lunch there as often as I can.
2	This place is right around the corner from Gangplank, where I work. A few of us will go there for a quick and cheap bite to eat every now and again, but I usually regret it.  The food is extremely salty, beyond being "over seasoned". The employees aren't especially friendly, although there is definitely a family owned atmosphere. I get the impression that this is the kind of place that people in the area have been going to for a while and after so many years they are able to explain away its flaws.From other reviews and talking to co-workers it sounds like they've got good breakfast burrito options, but I've never been for breakfast so I can't comment.The one redeeming dish is the shredded beef taco combo, however it's not too consistent so you have to get lucky.
2	The food was not bad but the restaurant was just weird.  The employees were two pimply faced teenagers.  The food is on a counter staying heated in silver containers and then they put together what you order.  My kids got nachos.  It was chips with fake cheese sauce.  I ordered a bean and cheese burrito, it was just okay.  The guacamole was in a plastic store bought container.  I won't go back.
3	Alright Tempe-dwelling college students, listen up! Mexican delivery! I was friggin' fascinated when I realized that I could sit on my rump and order delicious machaca and chips and salsa. Now, I'll be the first to admit that if you're willing to travel a little bit there are a bunch of great Mexican joints in the area, but c'mon now...delivery is sweet! There isn't too much to say about this place so I'll keep things short. If you're craving greasy, salty and filling Mexican munchies, and you're a bit too lit to drive, gives this place a try.
4	One of the best breakfast burrito selections in town.My personal favorite is the breakfast supreme w/ red sauce ( and root beer the size of my head).The decor may be meh, but the quality of the food more than makes up for it. They deliver, are always nice, and never busy (which is unfortunate). Definitely a diamond in the rough.
2	I don't understand why everyone likes this place so much. This place is called burrito express and we had to wait like 20 minutes to get our food, with no one in front of us. I got the steak and salsa burrito my fiance got the machaca burrito. His was like 3 times the sizes of mine and my cheese wasn't even melted. My burrito wasn't terrible but it wasn't good. My fiance's burrito was so disgustingly greasy he couldn't even finish it and he loves greasy food, we wouldn't even want to give it to our dog. It looked disgusting! He just threw the other half away and felt sick the rest of the day. We ordered some chips and salsa and they threw a couple table spooned size salsa containers in the bag, which wasn't enough for the chips. We asked for more and they charged us extra for each salsa! The salsa tasted terrible! They also charge you extra for using a credit card. I wouldn't go back.
4	Burrito Express is one of those hole-in-the-wall places that, once you go once, you'll never stop.My boyfriend and I got a hankering for mexican food one evening, but were way too lazy to actually change out of our pajamas and drive somewhere, so we searched the internet for a good place nearby that delivered, and thus we began our love affair with Burrito Express.My boyfriend got the shredded beef burrito and i got the steak, potato & cheese burrito. Our food arrived in a decent amount of time, and oh sweet jesus was it delicious. The burritos were ginormous, and sooo tasty. My boyfriend couldn't even finish his entire burrito but I, completely lovestruck, buckled down and devoured mine competely like a starving lion or a panda that hasn't eaten for a while or some other equivalent nature reference. I was in heaven. And later that night I was in a food coma.All subsequent trips to Burrito Express have been positive; the decor in the place is pretty sparse, but you'll barely notice it once your food arrives, and really, if you're complaining about how the place is decorated you're doing something wrong. The drinks are big and the aroma floating through the building (and out into the parking lot) are intoxicating, not to mention a visit will probably only cost you around $4.50 for a burrito and a couple bucks for a large drink.My only complaint was that recently I went in around 5:30 for another one of my beloved steak-potato-cheese joy tubes (still talking about burritos here, don't get too excited) and instead of steak pieces, i got what was likely their machaca beef. It was pretty salty and made the cheese seem a little overpowering as a result, but I wasn't too upset by it and it was during the after-work dinner rush so they were probably either out of steak chunks or it was purely accidental and the machaca was likely nearing the end of the batch and had soaked up too much seasoning. I'm not going to let one less than awesome experience ruin my whole view of the place, so I'll let that one slide. Plus, I've worked at restaurants before and I know that there will always be an inevitable mistake here and there. Overall, great food, great prices, and a location that smells so heavenly i want to make a soap out of the smell and bathe in it daily? I'll happily journey down the street to this treasure of a burrito joint whenever i feel like getting my food on.
4	YES YES YES. Burrito Express MAY just have the ABSOLUTE best Breakfast Burritos in THE EAST VALLEY. The Supreme Breakfast Burrito!!! In the words of the prolific Ke$ha: "I'm addicted. It's a crisis!" The mastery of eggs, cheese and meats, doesn't end there, however, and I highly suggest the HOT MACHACA burrito! It will BURN YER MUTHAFKKN FACE OF, YO. Their crispy beef tacos are stellar, and just about everything else I've tried has been, as well. ALSO, they DELIVER... (I don't get stuff delivered.. but they do!) The only disappointment has been.. items containing ground beef.. which is fine, because, eww.. ground beef.. (not a huge fan) D:
5	Before I give my review I moved here from Texas and we  have excellent quality Mexican food on every corner. Down to the homemade tortillas and fresh homemade salsa and chips that are always free at every Mexican restaurant. It's an expectation there. So sadly im here still wondering where I'm going to find my chips and salsa for free..booo..lol.SERVICEI walked into this place thinking ahhh it's another filibertos place and it will taste the same. From the time I walked in, I was greeted and treated like I was one of their friends. He went above expectations just by letting me know they have a closer location to where I live and asking if the food was great and salsa.THE FOODSteak potato and cheese burrito was ordered. I haven't had a great burrito in a long time. Plenty of meat and taters as the country folks would say in Texas. It was amazingly excellent. Nothing fancy about the burrito, this goes where they say...Keep it simple stupid....they did just that....and that makes this burrito....darn good!!!Chicken Tacos, were ordered. The guy really knows his stuff and makes ordering easier. He asked if I wanted one or two and then when I said two, he said you might as well go with the #17 or something like that for .14 cents more and get yourself a drink. I did just that. Back to the tacos. I was expecting some super hard shelled taco with hardly any cheese and little meat. I was wrong. The tortilla was fried lightly which is the exact way I love making my own corn tortilla tacos at home. I was surprised with that part already and the amount of cheese way more then you would get at taco bell anyday. The tacos are excellent.Breakfast Burritos-I went back the next morning I ordered the potato, cheese, ham and bean taco. Wow!! Amazing with plenty of cheese and the greatest red tasting hot sauce I've had around.Don't hesitate to ask me any questions....I prefer this place and will go out of my way to get here than to go to Filabertos!
2	Went here with a Groupon because I wanted to try somewhere new in town! This place was... all right. The staff weren't especially friendly and it felt as though they wanted us out of there as soon as my husband and I finished our food. As for the food, I ordered one of their combo plates and it was good! Not the best Mexican I've had, but it wasn't bad either. The beans were great, and it's hard to get me to like fried beans. Definitely the best part of the meal! The rice was meh and the chicken tacos were okay. Not a big fan of the atmosphere, though. It looked fairly dirty, I was half-expecting a roach to come crawling across the floor. And I think the place would look much better if they had real matching chairs, instead of assorted lawn chairs.Probably won't come back here unless we have some sort of coupon, Groupon or otherwise.
4	When I saw the Ace Hardware across the street was gone, I was worried for Burrito Express.  I used to eat there regularly when I lived in Mesa, and was looking forward to enjoying it again.  I was relieved when I rode my bike up into the plaza and saw they are still open for business.  There's no bike rack, but they let me wheel my bike inside.  The guy behind the counter couldn't have been less helpful if he tried, but I eventually found the enchilada combo on the menu and ordered up.  These enchiladas are second only to Carolina's, as far as I'm concerned.  Their beans used to be too salty for me., but on this visit, they were quite tasty.  I like their red salsa a lot.  They get an extra star for serving fountain Pepsi; that's standard Yelping procedure for me.
1	Went there once a few months back, saw not one but two large roaches on the floor. That was enough for me to cancel my order and never return.
4	First mexican place we have tried since we moved here from LA and it was FAST delivery and the food is fresh and awesome.  Only warning is the chicken burrito is a bit HOT if you do not like spicy i would make sure NOT to order the Chicken and salsa burrito.There prices are reasonable and again there speedy delivery.Will order from there again
4	Good food for the money, not great but good. Price is cheap, food tastes good but I would stay away from anything with ground beef (seems greasy).
4	Burrito Express...how do I describe you? You're like a dive bar...that only serves Mexican food and no alcohol. You're not in the greatest part of town. You're located in a less than reputable shopping center. Your parking lot is treacherous (only one way in and out with minimal parking). But I'm not here to review your atmosphere. I'm here to review your awesome burrito! I stopped in one afternoon to grab something quick. I didn't expect that when I ordered my food that it would be THAT quick, however. From the time I made my choice to the time I sat down, I don't think five minutes elapsed. When my Chicken, Potato & Cheese burrito came out, it was piping hot! My particular burrito was on the spicy side...which is how I like it. Now, I know that the menu had the little "hey, idiot...this is spicy" symbol next to this burrito. However, I was caught a little off guard at how spicy it actually was. To put it mildly, it's been quite some time since I ate something spicy enough to give me the sniffles.The burrito was quite sizable, too. For comparative purposes, I'd say it falls right between a Chipotle burrito and one from Q'Doba. It was definitely very filling. Couple the size of the burrito with the massive amounts of shredded chicken and potatoes inside, and I was full for quite some time afterwards.Price wise, I think I ended up spending around $8.00 for the burrito and a "medium" drink that would make a camel think twice before drinking it. Couple that with the awesome red and green salsas they keep in the refrigerator, and you're set!If you're looking for quick Mexican food for a decent price (and  you're not overly-concerned with ambiance or location), then stop by Burrito Express. They serve breakfast, lunch, and dinner (combination plates), so you can come any time of day. If you don't want to stop by, they deliver, too!
4	This place is pretty legit and always packed. They haven't perfected the carne asada but it gets the job done. Everyone I know here loves this place.
5	I've been going to Burrito Express since I was in high school. The food is always prepared quickly, and they even offer delivery. The red sauce is amazing, and I haven't tried a single burrito I haven't liked! The prices are more than affordable, the atmosphere is great, and the place is super clean. Definitely recommend!
5	5 stars for the bean and cheese burrito!!! This dive is nothing fancy, but the bean and cheese burrito is delicious and the red hot sauce is amazing! My hubbie likes the chorizo, but any of the breakfast burritos will do. My one hesitation about the food here is the enchilada sauce, it's from a can and not very good. Otherwise, go eat and enjoy!
5	Very good breakfast burritos!
3	We just had our first experience with BE and I'm writing this with mixed reviews. The prices are not bad at all. We called for delivery and were given the expectation for an hour. I called them after an hour and a half and they knocked a considerable amount off the tab, which was amazing and the doorbell rang literally a couple minutes later. The sauces were outstanding and the rolled tacos were out of this world! The guac was on point! The nachos were yummy but most of the chips were soggy because of the beans and ground beef weighing them down while being delivered. I appreciate they they served the cheese on the side, but an even-better-if would to be to put the meat and beans on the side as well. It would have been kind of fun to construct them ourselves! The burritos were what was a little bit of a letdown. We got the steak, cheese, and bean burrito and holy cow was it salty! I'm pretty sure that the meat was machaca instead of actual steak. It had the taste and consistency of of Taco Bell steak but was slightly more shredded. Overall, it was a mixed bag. On the website they boasted about a mesquite grill, so I guess that gave me an unrealistic expectation for the meat. I could see where this place would be the shit after margarita night!
4	Pretty good and they deliver! The nachos are excellent and they put the cheese sauce in its own container and is more than enough for an extra side of chips. Most locations are cash only which can be a bummer
5	Went in to get some basic Mexican food expecting what you would get at every other small Mex joint. Got an amazing surpise. Fresh ingredients and cooked and prepared perfect. Good job guys. I'm hooked.
3	I stopped here a few weeks ago when I was feeling under the weather and was craving something spicy to help clear my sinuses. I walked into the little shop and there was one guy enthusiastically manning the counter. I took a look at the menu and he asked if I'd ever been there before. I said no and he asked me a couple of questions to see what I was in the mood for and I went with the steak and salsa burrito. I ordered the combo (add rice and beans), a medium horchata (which is giant), and headed home. The burrito was a good size and I took a few bites before deciding to add some salsa to kick it up a little. The steak was not what I expected (think chipotle steak), but it was good, albeit a little salty. There wasn't rice and beans in the bag, so I'm guessing that it went in the burrito and if so, there was hardly any to taste. In a daze I didn't really check. I am a big burrito person so I would probably give this place a second try.
1	Although I have been coming to this place for more than a decade and I love the food it's like comfort food from high school. But the last time I was in and received the worst customer service. The people that work there are rude and do not put the customer first. It makes me sad that management allows their employees to be so disrespectful and not offer quality customer service. I work for an organization that provides ALOT of business to their restaurant and now because I have had such a negative experience it saddens me that this will not be our normal lunch place. Hopefully they can read these reviews and work on their customer service and I will try them again in a few months.
5	I order from here all the time when at work. Its always within the hour, or if they are running late, they make sure that you know just how much later. Food is always hot when it gets here, Great Prices, and always tastes bomb! Staff is super friendly every single time! LOVE LOVE LOVE!
4	This is my first time here. I absolutely love authentic Mexican food and this place does not disappoint. I had the three taco plate and the salsa tasted amazing. I highly recommend this place.
5	While burrito express may not look like the most classy establishments they do make one heck of a great burrito. The tortillas are the best. I don't think they are homemade but thy sure taste that way. I also love their salsa. I think they make big batches and freeze it because it has been a little icy at times but still good. They are quick, polite, and delicious. A weekend repeat for sure.
