4	HUGE portions and great dishes.So far, we have tried their crepes, a few omelettes, the Dutch baby, etc.Service is always nice, but they do tend to get VERY busy on weekend mornings at this location (Fort Apache) So either get there early, or expect a wait.Cons: A little pricier than the average breakfast fare, but it is understandable with the huge portions they give you.  MY wife and I can barely get halfway through each dish that we have ordered.But, contrary to the huge portions, they discourage sharing by charging the second person almost full-price if you do share.  I don't see too many restaurants doing this nowadays and it just seems like a real nickle and dime tactic to save a buck.   All in all though, that shouldn't really discourage anyone from trying this great restaurant out.  Try the buckwheat pancakes!
3	So, this restaurant maybe an old classic but it is new to me. The menu is traditional breakfast fare. Omelettes, eggs, and of course, pancakes. I must say the most recent evidence of God on earth is the potato pancake. OMG! they are awesome! with a little sour cream and salt & pepper. Worth waiting in the Saturday morning line.Customer service is a bit lacking. I went to breakfast alone, as I have no friends...or at least none who will get up in the morning for breakfast. I was banished to the single's booth it was a half booth with a bench a half table and a half wall to face while eating. It was a bit like a when you skip class and have to go to the testing center to make it up. Bad, and demeaning. If it were not for the potato pancakes I would have made more of a fuss
3	My gf who lives in Vegas said that we had to try this place during out stay there because the breakfast is TDF! The OJ was freshly squeezed and $4 for a large glass which was kind of expensive, but I guess cuz its fresh.I ordered the bacon waffle as requested by my friend to try. I was sort of sketchy about bacon in a waffle but she insisted it was delish. And was she right! I loved it! My bf ordered banana pancakes and they were huge! The only downside is that we thought the banana was mixed in the batter but all they do is cut up banana slices and place them on top. Boooo. We also shared an order was bacon and eggs. The bacon was thick, crispy, and yummy. It also came with a side of pancakes that we weren't aware of and omg, we had way too much food.The place gets packed and the wait time for us was about 30 mins or so around 12pm. The total for the 4 of us was around $60. I guess that's how much you would spend at IHOP or where ever. I thought that was kind of expensive for breakfast. We might have just eaten at the breakfast buffets at one of the casinos. Overall, the food and service was good. Wouldn't mind going back there again.
4	Whenever I'm in Vegas, I try to make it a point to come here for a decent, no-rush, enjoyable breakfast.  The portions are decent, the service is friendly and consistent, and the coffee always tastes great.  It's away from The Strip and feels like a comfortable neighborhood place like I'm used to in SF, even though it is a small chain (of sorts).My cousin loves his bacon cooked just right and crispy.  OPH delivers it right every time.  My taste is simple: scramble eggs, my meat choice of the day, toast, and the always there, good quality pancakes.  Again, OPH delivers consistently and I'm happy.  On occasion, I've had an omelete and it has arrived delicious as expected.The place does get busy on weekend mornings, so a 20-30 minute wait is possible.  I'm never disappointed when I'm here.  OPH gets a good checkmark from me.
1	On our last visit here (Never EVER AGAIN), wifey found a Short and Curly in her crepe.  Luckily she didn't eat any of it yet.Eff you, OPH!   NPH Would NEVER Do that!
2	First time I ate hear I went of the reservation and decided to try something different instead of pancakes. I ordered the beef hash stuffed omelette and my wife ordered salami and eggs. Totally different than we had seen it prepared anywhere else. A little warning from the waiter would have been nice. The did had delicious fresh squeezed orange juice. And the hash was good just a lot of crispy egg.
1	Let me cut to the chase- this place SUCKS. I've had better breakfasts and better service from McDonald's. We ventured here on a Sunday morning when the wait at Hash House A Go Go was 45 min.- an hour. (Never again will I make that mistake- totally worth the wait at Hash House) and walked in to a seemingly unbusy breakfast joint-- ON A SUNDAY MORNING? Seriously, the shittiest places around are busy for weekend breakfast and the dining room here sat mostly empty which should've been my first clue. After sitting for several minutes and not being acknowledged by anyone (because apparently, the skanky old waitress helping all the tables around us was not responsible for us) we finally had some has-been waitress mosey on over to take our drink order. We also gave our food order since we'd been there contemplating the menu for a good 15 minutes at this point. The breakfast was uneventful. They gave me chewy bacon when I asked for extra crispy. I thought the whole thing was subpar. And to top it off, a $62 bill for 4 of us. You've got to be fucking kidding me... there's nothing worse than bland food, terrible service and a pricey bill to leave a bad taste in your mouth. With the options of other breakfast joints in this town, this is not a place we'll be going to again.
3	I went on a Monday morning and the place had customers but it wasn't super busy. It took some time to order because the menu was different from the ones in Cali. Finally, we decided on Pecan Waffles and Corned Beef Hash. The food came out faster than it took to decide.The pecan waffles were yummy! The waffle was fluffy and a little bit sweet just how I like it. The corned beef hash looked like they opened a can of Libby's and then barely warmed it up in a pan. I have to say Libby's taste much better. It was nothing like the corned beef hash at the California locations.I definitely will be back just for pancakes and waffles. I might take a chance on other breakfast meats but I would stay away from the corned beef hash.
3	lets just say the one in Anaheim, Ca is WAAAAAAAAAAAAAAY better and i like the decor much better. feels antique-ishthis one here is modern is like a ihop.but they have better items than ihop.Split the dutch baby and cheese omelette!dutch baby was really good!!! lemon & powdered sugar was already delicious!! most people add strawberries or other stuff in it.cheese omelet was good as well. you cant mess up an omelette at a breakfast place, can you?portions was large & totally worth it!service was awesome here!!! seriously.
4	This place has best french toast and pancakes ever - with excellent syrup.  Don't miss out on the strawberries with cream in the summer.  Service is extremely fast.  Coffee is very, very strong!  Decor is nothing special.  Not a fancy place but great to run in for a quick stack!
5	I agree with Jen T. that the decor could use some work. It does feel pretty generic. The food and service have always been great. Our servers have always seemed happy with their jobs. The strawberry pancakes along with the chocolate chip pancakes are the best that I have ever had. The orange juice is also outstanding as they squeeze their own. The Dutch Baby is also excellent. We always make sure to take visitors to the pancake house. When I travel back to the Midwest, people that have visited us will often talk about the pancake house.
5	I went here at a slower time.Our server, Jessica was very friendly and prompt.   We got a huge omelet, some crepes, and a great plate of French Toast.  Everything was very good and came out fast. Overall a great experience.
3	You satisfaction varies on the dish you order. With that said, I don't think this place is spot on for all it's dishes. You know how there are some restaurants that can do no wrong? Well, this is not the place. The food does have taste, but sometimes the ingredients like cheese are too indulgent. Make sure if you get an omelette to ask for less-- We ordered two omelettes that come fluffed up in a skillet (oven baked); Luv the idea. I always opt for vegetarian omelette's, so I can get my daily dose of veggies. It was good. The other omelette dish had way too much cheese, it was overwhelming. The pancakes that come on the side with most dishes are not bad. The place is worth a try.
2	My youngest son's future Father-In-Law had Breakfast at this Original Pancake House location yesterday... the very first time I've been to an OPH, even when I was living here... I was just shaking with anticipation of a great Breakfast.On the menu...Irish Corned Beef Hash (***) A Homemade Hash, with a blend of Kosher Corned Beef, Potatoes, Onions and Cream. This entree, under the category "Specialties of the House" should have been rated under two-Stars, but because of it's heftiness the concoction provides a Value deserving of something a litte higher. All the "Specialties" are Oven-Baked... I asked the waitress what is the difference between an Oven-Baked entree versus something you just grill in a Frying Pan... She replied that this was actually her fist week... and that she'd get back to me...  Otherwise, this is a rather pedestrian and a very bland "Specialty" entree... The concoction was pretty high... over three inches, but not because of it's fluffiness.... but rather because of all it's ingredients literally piled on top of each otherI later found out, with the help of my son, that Oven Baking this entree supposedly provides a Fluffiness to the entree that Frying does not provide and supposedly the entree is NOT folded over as with traditional Omelets. But, he further added, that the Yolk of the Eggs are supposed to be separated from Whites and the ingredients are layered during the Oven Baking process.BTW, all the Specialty items will require a close to 20 minute wait for your Entree... because of the Oven Baking...Side Order of 3-Buttermilk Pancakes (* 1/2 Came with Meal) I always have to provide a rationale to my son about how I judge Pancakes, especially Flour based Pancakes. 1) Fluffiness - You have two extremes under this category - The   Heavy-Ass Pancake - where it is sooo heavy that you have to go right   after your meal. And then there's the light-as-a-feather Pancake that   will have you consuming close to a dozen without any ill effects.   Unfortunately, OPH's Pancakes are the HEAVY kind... 2) Absorption - Again, there are two extremes under this category...   Pancakes that seemingly act like a Sponge - no matter how much   Syrup you pour onto the Pancake... the Pancake still needs more   and more and more. And then there's the Pancakes the seeming are   resistant to Syrup (or any kind of liquid) - the Pancakes just will not   absorb Syrup, but you can sop up the Syrup with each fork-full.OPH's Pacakes are the worst of the two qualities I mentioned above... HEAVY - and I mean H-E-A-V-Y... and no matter how much Syrup you put on... the Pancakes WILL still need more!Coffee (***) The Best part of the meal, mainly because it was not objectionable. But the Coffee did not have any positive attributes either.After talking to my youngest son about my experience at Original Pancake House yesterday, he said that this specific location was supposedly the worst OPH location in Las Vegas. I guess fate drove me here. BTW, my son is a fanatic about OPH... in a good way...
4	OR-PAN-HO; as it's called in my family has been a staple of my go to breakfast spots for some time now.  I think that when it comes to their Omelets and Pancakes they are tuff to beat.  The service from location to location isn't always consistent, but the food is.I was very upset when they took the location out of GVR (Green Valley Ranch), but the other OR-PAN-HO's are still around.
3	This place is OK.  The food presentation is better than the taste.  Compares to iHop, I would go to iHop, but it is just my opinion.
3	The Skinny: there's only one thing good here and that's the giant apple pancake... 'nuff said (4), Service - pretty good but it was also on a weekday morning so *shrug* (3) Value - okay, not great.There is only one reason to come here and that's the giant apple pancake. I'm going to take a few minutes to wax poetic about the giant apple pancake. It's not so much a pancake but a poor man's form of tarte tatin aux pommes (or a french word upside down apple tart - essentially).  I swear, when anyone orders this, the aroma of apple and cinnamon surrounds at least a radius of two tables. The bottom layer is crisp from being finished in the oven. The middle layers of the pancake takes on a rich, eggy, bread-custard-like quality. This is all topped with apples carmelized with brown sugar and plenty of cinnamon. This is not that crappy overly sweet pre-made apple topping you see at a buffet. No - you can still see the bits of peel from the apple - this is the real thing. The pancake fills the plate and is often too hard to finish alone.Oh yeah, baby. This  is da bomb - and all under $10.My hubby ordered an omelette which was bleh but the regular pancakes were pretty good. He also ordered a very small glass of juice (cranberry) which didn't seem like a very good deal (at  the supermarket you can buy an entire jug for that price!).So do check this place out - for the giant apple pancake - but basically everything else is just okay.
2	My hopes for the enjoyment of delicious fluffy pancakes, topped with whip cream and delicious fruit, was dropped dead on a Thursday morning, all I can say pancakes were rubbery, dry, and they almost looked to perfect as if they were factory made, I do hope that the location that I went to is the exception to them all.
3	A friend and I went there on Sunday to eat breakfast.  It was good food, but slightly over priced...cost us $30 for two people to have two breakfasts, two coffees and 1 Orange Juice.  That being said though, I would go there again ...just not very often because the price is a little higher than I want to pay for a breakfast out.  Side notes:  If you do like Orange Juice, they fresh squeeze their juice every morning.  Also, the Venicia Benedict breakfast was the best dish we ordered!  It was delicious!
3	OPH is close to home and a regular stop for morning grub. Sure pancake is in their name, but it's their omelets that are special. Ham and gouda. 'nuff said.
3	The food is original but I wish the service was just as awesome as the food. It just seems that every server I've had is always having a crappy day or something. I mean they look like nice people, but their service is half-bleep.On the other hand, I honestly love the home style, major portions kind of dishes. They're known for their Dutch Baby. I'm not quite sure what it is, but it's a whole bunch of goodness. It's different from waffles and pancakes. I guess that's what makes them original from IHOP. Their omelettes are filling for a great way to start anyones day.Too bad it's only open til 3pm. Cus I always get those breakfast cravings late at night.
4	My brother and I frequent this place. They've cut back on a few things so you need to order the sour cream and apple sauce for your potato pancakes but you don't need to pay extra.1. Eggs Michael/Venetia/Benedict: I prefer this over the Eggs Benedict because the sauce is lighter and it doesn't make me nauseous. 2 english muffins and 4 potato pancakes with a side of sour cream and apple sauce. The potato pancakes are winners but to be fair, I haven't had potato pancakes anywhere else for comparison. As far as I know, these are made well.The Venetia comes with spinach if I remember correctly and it's lighter than the Michael. The spinach is starchier than usual and makes your teeth waxy but still delicious.2. Corned Hash. Really good corned beef with eggs and potatoes. It's a bit too salty for me but the potato pancakes that come with it are a good balance.3. Dutch Baby. IT'S HUGE. So huge that the two of us (growing guys) couldn't tackle it all. Beware the Dutch Baby. Delicious and worth a try.4. Any of their omelets ARE HUGE HUGE. I swear they must use 10 eggs each or something. My aunt's husband ordered one and it was bigger than a newborn. I haven't ordered an omelet from them since so you'll need to confirm that.It's about $22 for two people with tax and tip. Not bad.
3	They're known for their pancakes, so why would I get anything else? I ordered their Georgia Pecan Pancakes, which I thought would have pecans mixed into the batter. Nope. They're just regular pancakes with chopped pecans on top along with powdered sugar. The pancakes were light and fluffy, except for one of them which was overcooked and hard. Their orange juice is freshly squeezed and mighty tasty. With so many other breakfast places coming up with innovative breakfast items, I'm surprised The Original Pancake House doesn't do the same. Their menu seems more traditional, which is perfectly fine if that's what you're looking for.
5	This places gives big portions. I go straight to ordering strawberry crepes, but a half size is enough for me. I tried the benedict & it was good. A side of hot chocolate satisfied my craves & a Oreo milkshake can be made. Love the fact that they leave the left over milkshake in the mixing cup for you to have as well. You'll be amazed when your omelet arrives to the table :)
1	I had a really bad experience here. I had been dying to try the apple pancake that I had heard many good things about, so I headed to the Original Pancake House. The service was terrible. The server practically forgot my table existed. I had to wait a long time for anyone to even approach the table. When she finally did, I ordered a coffee and the apple pancake. My coffee came out and EW, there was lipstick on the cup. Unfortunately I didn't notice until the waitress had already wandered away from the table and when I was finally able to get her attention again, it took her far too long to return with a fresh cup. When my pancake arrived, it was enormous. I looked down to get my fork in preparation of my first bite of apple-y goodness and was appalled to find my fork was dirty. I again had to try to get my waitress' attention to replace my fork, which again took forever.  Finally, I'm ready to eat. The flavor was nothing spectacular and I became bored about three bites in. I really don't have too many positive things to say about this place and can't say I'm particularly motivated to try it again after this negative breakfast experience.
4	As I entered the restaurant I was afraid I'd be disappointed as it wasn't the "diner" feel I expected; somewhat, but not exactly old school as I expected  However, the food was great! Some of the BEST pancakes I've ever had. The portions are HUGE! My son ordered bacon-lover's breakfast and it came with 7 pieces of thick-sliced bacon. Service was great also--more of the old school "how ya doin sweetie" from the waitress that I expected. Don't be fooled by the somewhat generic ambience. The food is way above standard.
1	We won't be going again.I was really craving the Dutch Baby - which is stellar, and I decided to treat my two boys to breakfast there yesterday morning.The service was good.  We were seated right away, and our waitress was spot on, as far as service goes.My oldest son requires gluten-free food.  Normally, for breakfast, this is never an issue.  Eggs, bacon and potatoes are easy, and he loves them.Both of my sons ordered the bacon and eggs for breakfast, and both asked to substitute the 3 pancakes for the potatoes.  She said SURE!  Guess what?  Not only was the serving of potatoes huge (they could have easily split one - a really good waitress would have suggested this) - but it was a $3 UPCHARGE for each order of potatoes!  Because potatoes are SO MUCH MORE expensive than pancakes?  WHAT?  Ridiculous!  AND - we weren't told about the upcharge!  Since a stack of 6 pancakes is $6, and potatoes are $3, I assumed this would be a wash.  It was not.  Insane!  The eggs were fine - but all of the bacon was completely overdone - crispy and border-line burnt.My Dutch Baby was stellar, I loved it.  It normally comes with strawberries, but they are out of season (and I understand this) and I was offered bacon.  Not only was the bacon overdone, I was charged $6 for it.  Breakfast for me, and for 2 little boys, totaled $49.98.  Besides my Dutch Baby, the food was mediocre, at best.  And the best?  We got home and my son had obviously been "glutened".  He suffered an adverse reaction immediately.  Never again.  I'll figure out how to make Dutch Babies myself!
4	I'm still going strong on my not eating out challenge...but when my sister wants to take us out to breakfast...who am I to say no? Original Pancake House (or OPH) has become a regular Sunday breakfast spot when my mom and sister are in town. We meet up, chit chat...with my monkeys getting into the sugar caddies (no worries...I clean them up and put them back in order for the server...its really annoying when parents don't clean up after their offspring...servers aren't your slaves...ok i'm getting off my soap box now). We were greeted by Monica (who has graciously waited on us before). She was sweet, quick as lightning, and very knowledgeable about the menu (my sister asked her 1,000,001 questions about the chocolate crepe). She brought the monkeys drinks in kid friendly cups without being asked and did her best to clear everything away from their reach. The coffee is good, the grapefruit juice was fresh squeezed, the whipped cream wasn't out of a can, the pancakes were fluffy, the portions were huge and it made us all very happy. Will most likely be back on Sunday.
4	My girlfriend and I went for Breakfast.  We had eggs bacon benedict with potato pancakes and banana pancakes.....................Delicious............... Fresh squeezed orange juice, good coffee and good service.Enjoyed it very much.
2	We will NEVER be back. I'm only giving it two stars cause our server was wonderful, but without good food, the service doesn't mean too much.My man ordered the chicken crepe. Sounds good in theory, until it came out, and it looked like a soupy mess! So much flavorless liquid, it was totally disgusting. Whatever liquid (think like chicken pot pie soup, but without any flavor) made the crepe slimy and gooey, and not appetizing. I ordered corned beef hash, and it was too salty, tasted un-cooked and really chewy. It resembled dog food/asphalt. Both of our came with their "famous" potato pancakes, and I think they should be "famous" for being horrible. No flavor, and VERY greasy!! Needed salt, or ketchup to make them edible. It came with a little cup of apple sauce, which happened to be the most flavorful item we received. Too bad it was supposed to be a condiment. Seriously, we have NEVER had such a horrible breakfast in Las Vegas. Please save yourself some money and go somewhere else!!
3	This place is better than going to an IHOP or Denny's but it isn't the best breakfast place in town.  I got the corporate run feel to it because breakfast for 3 people was $50.  I think I am just old fashioned or something but that just seems like too much...I ordered the spinach crepes with hallandaise sauce.  It was actually very tasty.  It was a large portion and it was served with 4 potatoe pancakes.  My friends were far less impressed - their orders were;  eggs & bacon and eggs and canadian bacon.  --- No hashbrowns, no toast, no pancakes... an extra order of toast was $2.59!!!Quite a few of the breakfasts were priced in the $11-$15 range... Yikes.  This place needs to throw some taters on the plate for crying out loud!
5	My pick for #1 in breakfast. eggworks/egg and I is #2.I still have not tried dutch baby (sounds like too much sugar, I'm a meat lover) and always opt for gouda on my omelettes (it's awesome). Fresh tasty coffee, insanely good OJ,but expensive. I wish this place was open at night so I can get my evening breakfast fix on. Their pancakes are really fluffy and wonderful, I don't give a damn if it doesn't come with REAL maple syrup-still awesome, and I always will favor this place.
4	If I ever feel the need to indulge on breakfast, this is the place I go. We stopped in this past weekend and had a feast that carried us through the rest of the day. Every time we come in, I ALWAYS order the orange juice and finally noticed the price today, nearly $5! Okay, the orange juice is definitely the most delicious orange juice I've had, but for $5, I can buy myself a bag of oranges and make 3 cups of orange juice. We ordered a vegetarian omelet with Gouda and it is SO good!!! I always get this every time I come and can easily share this with my husband and still be super full. It has mushrooms, tomatoes, broccoli, onions, and peppers (I think) and delicious melty Gouda all over it. The best part is probably the hardened cheesy crust on top that contrasts with the soft fluffy omelet containing all those fresh veggies inside. This came with a side of pancakes which is a given to be decent since pancake is in the name. My husband ordered chocolate crepes which has yummy crepe batter surrounding chocolate, strawberries, and a mound of whipped cream on top. I'm not a sweet breakfast person, but if you are, this is bliss. We packed this to go and was still delicious at 10PM. Lastly, I always order potato pancakes which are like hash browns in pancake form. They're usually really crispy on the outside and softer on the inside but the ones I got were all a bit soggy and unseasoned this time around. If you order these, make sure to get the sour cream! It sounds weird, but it's so delicious. So, even though my potato pancakes weren't as perfect as usual, this will always be my go-to breakfast place on days when I don't want to cook breakfast, lunch, or dinner!
4	I heard amazing things about this place so I think I walked in the door with my expectations a little high. It's just a breakfast joint that's on par with the others in town. Mad props to them for their choice of bacon. It's long thick sliced pieces and I love me some bacon!
4	I love OPH. IHOP really has nothing on them. The bacon at ihop is flimsy and sad, but at OPH it is huge and thick! I love the strawberry crepe for breakfast, it is my fave. The only thing I wish they had is hashbrowns, instead they have a  breakfast potato dish which is good but not the same. Overall, this place is my go to place for a quick satisfying breakfast.
3	Went to bkfst with another couple. The service was great, the place was nice and clean.  Coffee was just ok and was never hot, just warm.  I ordered a spinach omelette with gouda cheese and substituted the buttermilk pancakes that came with it for their buckwheat pancakes.  When my order arrived my first thought was HOLY COW! Who did they think they were feeding.  The omelette was HUGE. I am quite happy with a typical 3 egg omelete but this had to be a minimum of 6 eggs.  It was very yummy and loaded with lots of spinach and cheese.  I also LOVED the pancakes.  The reason I didn't give it 4 stars is simple..  Breakfast was $11 + coffee  and I made this same comment about Big Bear Diner.... The portion was huge and yes it was good but it's NOT necessary.  I'd rather have a smaller/more regular portioned size omelette and have a choice of sausage or bacon served with it and hashbrowns and of course a small side order of pancakes for the same price.  I enjoy the basic variety/package that is common for breakfast.  Not just 1 huge main item and no side items.  Would I go back, eh probably.. But for the same price I can get a good bkfst at ihop, dennys and blueberry hill and get a more varied bkfst.
3	I have been to the Original Pancake house several times. I have to say that I think it is a step above IHOP and Denny's.This visit I decided to do lunch. I had a grilled ham and cheese on sourdough with hash browns. The flavor of my ham and cheese was as good as can be expected. The ham had flavor, as some time ham does no have much. And the cheese was tasty as well. It was cooked properly and I enjoyed it very much. I was a bit disappointed with the hash browns this time. Not the flavor. That was great. This time I was disappointed with the serving size. Usually when I order the hash browns I get about three quarters of a cup. This time it was just a bit over a quarter of a cup.My wife ordered french toast and bacon. I had a piece of her bacon. It was thick and tasty and cooked just right. TOPH does have a tenancy to overcook their bacon, but not this time.I was very surprised this time on the time it took to get our order. We usually wait twenty to thirty minutes to get our food, but this time it less than ten minutes. I was pleasantly surprised.One last thing to point out is our service. Our server was great. She was by to check on us so ofter. We were never out of coffee or soda. I am a real stickler when it comes to service. This was some of the best/
4	I go here once a week for breakfast because it is near my house and I love that it is far better than Denny's and about the same price.  I typically order the eggs and bacon, which comes with 2 eggs any way you want them, 4 slices of bacon and a stack of 3 pancakes.  They also have an excellent southwestern omelet that is so delicious AND huge!  Coffee blend is great if you're a "serious" coffee drinker.  I've always had excellent service every time I come here.
5	The best place in town for breakfast, just no bloody marys.
3	As a chain breakfast joint this place lives up to its promises. Decent food, good service, lots of coffee... I went with a friend on Sunday morning when places like this are usually PACKED but we waited maybe five minutes for a table and our food came out super fast. Quite impressive.
5	Jeepers Batman! This place is amazing! The staff and kitchen are right on target! I ordered the Bacon Omelet and it was a huge portion defintely couldnt finish it all! My mom LOVES LOVES LOVES the strawberry crepes with fresh whipcreme! This place is definetly 3 steps up from Dennys and IHOP!!! If ever you want a great breakfast check this place out for sure you wont be dissapointed!!!
4	I have been to this location many times. The pancakes are excellent and the service is usually very good. I have requested turkey sausage or bacon for years, and they added it to the menu recently. So now I can visit more often instead of giving all of my money to the competitors.
2	I took my son and daughter-in-law to breakfast today (I had a coupon from restaurant.com).    When this location first opened the food was fantastic and there would always be people waiting to get in.   The food has clearly gone downhill.  Each of the orders included pancakes.   The syrup was so thin it was like pouring water. We requested replacement of the syrup to a thicker one.   Our waitress brought replacement syrup.   It too was runny.   Clearly it was watered down.  This restaurant is obviously cutting corners.    There were only a few people in the restaurant even though it was prime breakfast time.   The other disappointment was we had a restaurant.com coupon and when we tried to use it we were told that they did not renew their agreement with restaurant.com.   I explained that the coupons do not expire.   I was told they would not accept it.   Called restaurant.com when I got home and they said restaurants have to accept them even if they do not renew contract.  Restaurant.com issued a $25.00 credit and said they would file a complaint against this Original Pancake House.   I gave the rating 2 stars since our waitress was extremely helpful.
4	I was craving for some blueberry pancakes big time and the closest place that I knew was the OPH. We came here on a Sunday morning and we had to wait to be seated even though there was open tables, but the wait was only like 10-15 minutes. We were seated in a cozy booth and I decided to get the ham and eggs and upgrade my pancakes to the blueberry cakes. My husband got the irish omelette. Everything came out fairly quickly and I just have to say that the blueberry pancakes fulfilled my craving.....they had this blueberry compote to put on top instead of syrup and it wasn't overly sweet. My husbands omelette was also really delicious! A HUGE omelette and very cheesy! I love cheese! We left full and satisfied and service was efficient minus the cashier which had a long line. I will be back for more pancakes for sure! =)
5	If it weren't for my heavy travel schedule, Stefan and Kim would nhave to increase their bacon inventory.A great breakfast & lunch spot.Also, one of the best cups of jo in the Valley.
5	I go here frequently. There are few restaurants who I feel make food better than I can, but this is one of them. My favorite are the Kijafa Cherry crepes, the apple pancake, and the Swedish pancakes. But honestly, every item I've had here is top quality. I just wish they were open later so I could get this stuff for dinner as well.
4	Great food! Clean. Basic. Friendly staff and reasonably priced. What more do you need?
3	The place is pretty crowded most of the time, so the first time i was here the waiter was super unattentive and we got charged 14 dollars for an OATMEAL?! say whuuuuu, it's 5 dollars for fresh strawberries, uhmm they give you like 5 chopped up strawberries, then its 3 dollars for half a banana, such a rip off they dind't tell us, although the manager did take off money which was super nice, then i got my baby cousin a silver dollar chocolate chip pancakes with no whip cream and no powdered sugar, guess what, they put all of that on, ohkay wow, so lastly i got the chocolate chip pancakes it was pretty good, but the whip cream is a bit too thick, and after about 2 pancakes, you really don't wanna eat it anymore, you feel really groggy and gross, although it is delicious, the second time i came it was a lot better, but still.
2	Service was good extremely noisy. I ordered a club sandwich with fries and was told they charge 79cents for ranch.  Are they this hard up?
4	Its pancakes, you eat one, then you are sick of them...until they put BACON in it...this place has pancakes of all shapes and every stupid thing you can put on or in it.  Its basically a glorified IHOP but done way better.  Its basically a solid place to sponge up all the liquid pollution you put in you're body the night before.  No frills, just good diner breakfast...and if you came here for lunch, well you are a turd, eat some pancakes
5	I am a fan of  the Original Pancake House locations. I have visited Redondo Beach, Anaheim, Poway, and Las Vegas. What sets this location apart from the others is the bacon. The bacon here is the best!! It's nice and thicker than the other franchises...the best I've had...EVER!!! When I asked the waitress why their bacon was different, she said it's because they special order it. -Kudos to you OPH Las Vegas
2	Too busy to place a take out order is what i was told by an employee. Update your website and indicate that take out orders are not available. Im glad Ihop was available to take my order
5	While it's not as handy as the one that was on Charleston (that burned down), the food and service are consistently excellent.  I had the bacon lover's bacon and egg breakfast; it was fabulous, as usual.
4	I had the corn beef omelet with Gouda cheese.  The omelet was very light and fluffy, the meat all seemed to be concentrated in the middle with only egg on the surrounding edges.It came with three buttermilk pancakes which were very good.  Service was good, and the place appeared clean.  It was early morning, and the place wasn't too busy, so I guess we lucked out.
5	went here with a groupon in hand and funny drove by many times,,, glad I stopped in, as the food is wonderful,loads of good selection, little pricey for pancakes, but you pay for what you get good tasty food...I tried the Venezia Benedict, big slabs of bacon sandwiched in between with spinach and poached egg and sauce,,mmm just thinking about it makes me hungry for one...Ooh this also come with 4, yes  4 potato pancakes(includes a little sour cream and apple sauce), alittle too much for the heart and cholesteral ,, but I don't eat this stuff everyday...I go early, to beat the morning rush,, before 8am on sunday, was a good time to partake... My friend got the Dutch Garden, another tasty eat, fluffy pancake-baked, topped with vegetables and cheese...... Service has been always prompt the two times I have ventured there..
4	Great food and great service. I started with a bowl of fruit. It was freshly cut, cold, and really good, not all cantaloupe. The menu is huge so if you don't find a something you like you shouldn't have come to a breakfast place.The hash was a bit disappointing with too much greasy corned beef for what I expected in home made. The German pancakes served with it were amazing. We were seated by the kitchen so had the opportunity to see other dishes coming out. Lots of wonderful looking items. I'll try the Dutch apple souffle next time. It's their signature dish and looked terrific. Matt had a more traditional Canadian bacon and eggs with a side of pancakes. He cleaned the plates and left with a smile. Breakfast for two was about $40. A, a little much but we both added side items. We thoroughly enjoyed our meal and will be  return.
5	The best pancakes around town!!! Love the bacon too! Thick crispy and lovely! My go to stop in Vegas.
3	The food is decent but a lil pricey and limited hours
1	This place used to be good... About a year or more ago. It seems to me they have changed ownership or management or something. The food quality is bad now. They have a menu item that has a bunch of bacon. The bacon used to be crispy and thick not it couldn't be more thin and under cooked. They give you a huge plate with two items on it and it makes it look like they forgot part of your meal. I've tried everything here. Nothing is good. I had the sausage and hash browns. The hash was undercooked (despite asking for it to be crispy). The sausage was cold. Seems they put it onto the griddle frozen and it didn't cook all the way or something. The pancakes alone are okay. The thing about pancakes, waffles and French toast are they are only as good as their syrup. Well the syrup is the cheapest tasting syrup substitute I've ever had. You can taste the sugar/ corn syrup in it. It has no smoky or mapley flavor to it (not even fake flavor). Service is fine. Nothing to get excited about. Maybe 3/5 stars. The food is just so horrible that it brought the rating down that much. My family and I have decided we will not return unless there are no other options. My warning is just because you had it before doesn't mean it is close to the same. I mean there wasn't even a piece of orange or parsley or melon on my plate like there usually is when you order breakfast at any other breakfast place
3	Eggs Benedict was good.
1	Man what a disservice this particular location is doing to franchise that was sorta a Vegas staple since as long as I can remember. So, lets begin with how excited my husband and I were when we saw the groupon offer for this place, 50% off for some yummy breakfast......count us in! We arrive and are immediately seated, no wait at all. They were busy but not crazy like I remember the charleston location being. We were welcomed by our waiter taking our drink orders minutes after being seated....hey we're off to a great start. He comes back a few minutes later and we proceed to order. I order bacon, eggs with the side of pancakes. I ask if they can provide a side of salsa, he says sure for an extra dollar. Ummmm, come again? Now it's not that it's a lot of money, but were talking a small side of salsa here, needless to say I passed. My husband ordered (or at least attempted) the bacon waffles with strawberries. Our waiter, "my apologies but we don't have any strawberries, they are still out of season and we have yet to receive our shipment." Hmmmmm, that's pretty interesting cause I can pretty much guarantee I can drive over to albertsons across the street and they will have a plethora of fresh, ripe strawberries. In fact, I bought a bulk of them at Costco just a week or so ago for valentines day. Whatever. So my husband opts for the bacon waffles with blueberries. Now I don't know about y'all but I like fast, efficient service but this was almost frightening. We literally put in our order, and about 2 minutes later here comes our waiter with our breakfast. I said, " wow! That was like the cooks could here us ordering and got on it before you even got back there to give them the ticket." Well here's why...... Husbands waffles were NOT cooked all the way through. In fact you could taste the runny batter in your mouth as you took a bite. It was so disgusting. He was so turned off he took two bites and put it to the side. I felt so bad, I offered him my pancakes and some bacon. He took my pancakes and took a bite.....wow.....how do you screw up.......pancakes??? Your restaurant is supposed to be known for that very dish! I tore off a piece of pancake, I just wanted to see what he was talking about. Holy shit.....the pancakes tasted like the card board box I assume they came out of. We did not put any butter or syrup on the pancakes, in my humble opinion you should be able to eat a pancake without having to add all that sugar, to me the syrup and butter is just an added little pleasure. The pancake should still taste delicious without the sugar. My oh my....what a waste. I would have been a ton happier at Montana mining company, breakfast for 4.95. Bacon, eggs, potatoes and side of pancakes.....and it's yummy. Oh and they don't charge for salsa. I'll never go back to this place, ever.
5	Highly suggest the Potato Pancakes with a side of sour cream and apple sauce & the Spinach Omelet with gouda. The Mushroom omelet is also good. All delicious!!!!! Great breakfast spot.
3	This was my first visit for breakfast using a $20 Groupon.  It was located on S Ft Apache Rd/near S Flamingo Rd in Las Vegas.  The restaurant was almost empty on a Friday morning.  The manager and hostess were standing around rather than going around to the tables to check on customers.My friend ordered the Dutch Garden which looked like a deflated souflee.  It was loaded with fresh vegatables and melted cheese.  She really wanted to order her favorite Venezia Benedict, but they were out of spinach.I ordered the Homemade Corned Beef Hash.  It came with 2 eggs and 5 potato pancakes.  The hash was okay.  There were small cubes of potatoes and minced corned beef.  The potato pancakes came with a small container of tasty applesauce.  The pancakes were doughy and not crisp.  There was more batter than potato.  Next time I would order the pancakes extra crispy.I would give them another chance since my friend raves about this place.   I just know what not to order.
4	Love than pancakes and bacon here!  Fresh OJ!  Place is always busy on the weekends so come ready to wait!  But its worth it.
4	Man oh man.... How I missed this place. Ever since they closed up shop in Green Valley Ranch, I have been yearning for some Dutch Baby pancakes. Something about that baked pancake goodness and the option to put some powered sugar and a squeeze of lemon takes it to a whole new level. But off my tangent on awesome pancakes and on to the review. The restaurant is located  in a strip mall like any other run of the mill restaurant which allows for plenty of parking. Our server was quite cheery and very attentive. The food was superb as always and was worth the drive over from the other side of town to eat breakfast. Next time I am in the area, you can bet I will stop by to get my pancake fix as they are the best in town.
5	I was sadden when they took away the pancake house at GVR.  So Brad T. & I was craving the pancake house one morning & we decided to drive all the way to the west side to satisfy our cravings.  (ohhh yess.)Service (5):  The service was outstanding.  They were very friendly & they always seem cheerful.  Food (5): We ordered the Dutch Baby pancakes and waffles.  Aamazzing.  The dutch baby pancake with the squeeze of lemons makes it unbelievably gooooddd.  I could eat probably 3 of them all for myself.  The waffles were good and the waffle was soft and it had a heavenly smell.  Atmosphere (4):  Very down to earth breakfast place. Overall (5):  Highly recommended and one of the best places to go for breakfast or brunch.
3	We had another $20 Groupon.  My friends ordered their favorite Dutch Garden and Venetia Benedict. I ordered the Bacon and Eggs which came with 3 Buttermilk Pancakes.  The bacon was thick and crisp, just the way I like it.  The 2 eggs were made-to-order.  The 3 buttermilk pancakes were okay.  It was a little pricey for bacon and eggs.The server brought us the check soon after she delivered our food to the table.  So no water refills or any other service.  We paid at the cashier.I know my friends will be back.
1	Bad bad bad service!! Never buying a groupon for this location again.
1	Used to love the Charleston location as a kid but noticed the quality going down over the past few years. I thought maybe they went through a change in owners but that wasn't the case. Pancakes aren't great anymore. A little too doughy. Service has always been bad at this location. Friends of mine also had an unfortunate run-in with the owner where she was so disrespectful that they left before they even got to eat. So not worth it when there are other great breakfast places around town like BabyStacks and the Egg and I.
5	The BEST breakfast place I have found in Las Vegas, next to Hash House A Go-Go.  Ordered the Spinach crepes and they were to DIE FOR.  Orange Juice tasted like it was fresh squeezed out of my mamma's garden!  My meal came with potato pancakes and they were excellent.  I definitely recommend and will go back again and again!
4	Groupon in hand we came in through the doors to a packed dining room and waiting .. area.. Sunday morning, of course! Put my name on the waiting list and expected to have to wait at least 30 minutes and was pleasantly surprised when they called my name in less than 10 minutes! We were seated in a comfy booth in the far corner away from all the morning madness. --Egg white vegetarian omelet with Gouda cheese... Seriously the largest omelet I have ever seen...!!!!They must use dinosaur eggs LOL Mine was nice, light and fluffy. --I forgot what my bf got but it came with sausages, eggs, potatoes & pancakes.. Pretty standard but tasty.--Buttermilk Pancakes.. very Delicious.. melt in your mouth good!!! mmmmFood alone I would give this place a 3 but our server, Dino, was just awesome!!! He kind of reminded me of Bruno Mars in a way haha He never let our coffee get empty and when i forgot to tell him I wanted egg whites he seriously ran to the kitchen to make sure that's what I got. He was very upbeat and on his A game! HOT TIP: The omelets are oven baked so it takes approximately 18 minutes to cook so order it as soon as you sit down ;]]]
3	I haven't been to the Original Pancake House since I lived in Hawaii. That was years ago and I can't remember whether I liked it or not. We recently came here on a Saturday morning. The first thing I thought when we drove in was "maybe this was a bad idea." The parking lot was packed! There were even cars parked on the street. Seriously, is this place THAT good? We walked in and there were many people waiting to get a table. We put our name on the list and they told us the wait would be 15 minutes. Surprisingly, they were right and did a good job cleaning up the tables and getting people seated quickly.Unfortunately, I wasn't impressed with the food. However, there are 3 good things about this place:1. The bacon!! Cut thick and cooked very crispy, just the way I like it! Good bacon is important.2. The coffee. I don't know what it is, but their coffee was great. I prefer a good amount of sugar and some cream, but I did not have to add much of both, and it didn't taste bitter.3. The sugar. I love the dispensers they use because it makes pouring the sugar very easy, compared to the usual small packets that need to be torn open and can get messy. Warning: this place loves onions! First, I wanted to order the corned beef hash. I asked our waitress if I could get it without the onions, but she said no because it was premixed. So I just went with the short stack of bacon pancakes. They were a bit dry and the syrup was too watery. Isn't syrup supposed to be on the thicker side? Maybe they were being cheap and diluted it to save money. Ewww. I also ordered the potatoes with cheese as a side, and they had onions in them. Big pieces too! *sigh* My husband ordered the bacon and eggs. I got to try one strip of his bacon, and again, it was so good! Thick, crispy and tasty! In comparison to the thin and floppy ones at other places. Try it, and you will agree that they do bacon right! Service was okay for being extremely busy. Honestly, I don't see myself returning, but if I do, I'll just order a coffee and a side of bacon!
5	This place is the best. The restaurant is clean and comfortable. The atmosphere is pretty active, but they have booths lining the walls that give you a bit more shelter and privacy. During the winter, request a table away from the doorway as they are really busy and the door opening and closing creates a draft that isn't very pleasant. Anyway - we've gone to various Original Pancake houses for the last 8 years, and this one is our favorite. Their staff are consistently good at what they do, providing personal service and staying attentive, even when it is obvious that they are slammed. Some of our favorite servers are Yvette (who remembered our orders even if it was a month or two since our last visit!) and Dino, who was always helpful and great. The atmosphere and service provide the perfect foundation for the best basic, homemade breakfast food in the universe. Their menu is huge - loads of different pancake options, omelets, benedicts, waffles, french toast, and CREPES, plus some lunch stuff. I. LOVE. THEIR. CREPES. Seriously the only breakfast place I've been to that makes them so perfectly. Their strawberry crepes are good, but pretty sweet. I usually get the "Shells" which are their plain crepes with a little powdered sugar and then I get a side of strawberry syrup (which is not syrupy stickiness - it is a housemade fresh strawberry puree) SUPER GOOD. Other favorites are the 49er flapjacks, challah french toast, Strawberry Pancakes, Corned Beef Hash (served with poached eggs and dee-licious potato pancakes) even their basic scrambled eggs are incredibly tasty, as are their meats: sausage patties are flavorful and perfectly crispy, the bacon is thick cut and addictive.I don't love their orange juice (too pulpy for me), their coffee is good and their hot cocoa is just the ticket on a cold day - they use milk instead of water and top it with thick, real whipped cream that is not out of a can ... can't get better than that! The prices are higher than a fast food place but cheaper than the strip. I've been to lots of Original Pancake locations- 4 or 5 in California, 2 in Wisconsin, 1 in Florida, 1 in Arizona, and all of the Las Vegas locations are THE. BEST. The Freudenberger group runs the Las Vegas franchises and they do a top notch job without all of the weird idiosyncrasies that many of the other locations seem to have.I'm so sad that I'm 6 hours away from my favorite breakfast spot. I would eat at the Original Pancake every day if I could.Go, and have some crepes for me :)
4	We got seated quickly. Server was a nice girl. Orders were fast and food was tasty. I bought a groupon for this restaurant, and saved 10 dollars, which felt like a free entree. The orange juice is REAL. I had so much pulp in mine. I would like to come back to try something else.
4	A friend and I stopped here for breakfast prior to a hike at Red Rock Canyon.  I'm glad this was a place we decided to try.  I ordered a small portion of coconut pancakes and my friend ordered a Dutch baby.  My breakfast consisted of 3 pancakes, medium size, and some butter, maple syrup, and tropical fruit syrup.  The pancakes were already dusted with confectioners sugar so I just used a small amount of the tropical fruit syrup.  It was very good and so were the pancakes.My friend liked his Dutch baby.  He also had two eggs and they were done nicely.Service was very good.  The server came around a couple of times to give us more coffee or freshen what we had.  She was a very pleasant person besides being very competent.  This is a will  return breakfast place.  Oh, and the hike was just over 6 miles and we survived thanks partially to the good breakfast with which we started!
5	Outstanding food and the service was first class....
5	Great service! Food was fresh and tasty!  Loved the potato pancakes, and fresh oj!
4	Time for breakfast.  Had pancakes and 7 slices of thick bacon, I'm in heaven!!!  The service was fast, establishment was very clean.
4	I went here for a meet up with the family at 10:30 on a Saturday, the place was very busy but the staff was able to handle the customers and their orders quickly, accurately, and with a smile. This location was sunny and bright. There were booths or tables to chose from. The menu offered your usual selection of breakfast items and lunch items as well. I went for the tuna salad sandwich. Every one else at my table  ordered breakfast items which were cooked to order and seemed very tasty. I really appreciated the extra patience our waitress gave us.
4	German pancake (bigger size of the dutch baby), and corned beef hash with egg on top, Eggs Benedicts and a side of breakfast links, can't go wrong. had the sweetest and most polite lady server ever, really cute didn't catch her name though.
2	Now I know.  I didn't realize this was a chain.  After we left my husband said "I was wondering why you wanted to go to an "IHOP"."  For what it is it was fine; nothing special typical breakfast food.I had the eggs Benedict; eggs had runny whites, hollandaise was oily (like it sat in the window for a bit),  bacon was nice and thick though.Nick had the apple waffle.  Much better than mine; so I finished it for him.Service was good.  Sorry, but I probably wont be back. Still looking for my holy grail breakfast place.
5	German pancakes to die for
2	Food is good, service is  to be desired .
3	Service was mediocre. The food didn't taste like it was anything to die for. The bacon pancakes were a nice addition, however, I would still choose MiMi's cafe or even Denny's over this breakfast venue.
4	My apple pancake was delicious!!  Waiter told me it might take a while because it's baked, but it came out pretty quickly. Service was good.  The bacon here is just bacon though, so all the great reviews on it are highly exaggerated.
5	Awesome place to chow down on a delicious breakfast! Hit it up
3	We came here for breakfast.  I had a german pancake and my wife had an egg dish with hash browns (subbed for pancakes).  The german pancake was good.  I had the basic one served with butter, powdered sugar and lemon wedges.  It did have some burnt/crispy edges I removed before eating it.  Not sure if that's normal here but it doesn't look the best.  I would order the german pancake again but at full price, it is pretty expensive, almost $10 for one pancake.  We had a good coupon that made our meal a good value.  I would come back, but I wouldn't go out of my way to do so at full price.
5	Great service and great food. Got our food very fast and it was delicious. I will be back to have this place again.
3	pretty good breakfast spot but $6 for a small glass of orange juice is a bit much. the Denver omelette was solid.
4	When the hubs and I lived in Vegas this was one of our favorite places, and I was bummed to see some pretty negative reviews when we were looking for a place to have breakfast off the strip on our most recent trip out there. We actually scored a groupon so we figured we'd risk it and we were so glad they did. We have been spoiled by many an independent pancake restaurant here in San Diego - but we are still huge fans of original house of pancakes! We loved everything about breakfast - it was delicious, hot, and surprisingly didn't take that long to come out even though they were slammed. (Saturday morning at 10:30 - it's really annoying watching people complain about the wait. Don't be surprised!) I'm obsessed with their cheesy potatoes - yummmm. I had chocolate chip pancakes and my husband had an omelet and we split both. I'm also a fan of their coffee and my cup never once was missing fresh brew (and I'm a fast coffee drinker!) for the families - this is a great place to go. They had a balloon artist going to different tables, it was so cute. The groupon made a delicious breakfast a great value and we'll definitely come back next time were in Vegas!
5	Love this place, any of the locations.  The food is always amazing, it's a little pricey but the orders are huge.  I love the chocolate chip pancakes with the fresh whipped cream, the omelettes are also amazing.  I always make a visit when I am in Vegas.  Definitely worth a try!
5	I love this place!!!! The German pancakes are amazing. Their freshly squeezed orange juice is actually freshly squeezed. Every time I come, I have great service and delicious food. I highly recommend this restaurant to ANYONE!!! The food is fresh and has that home cooked taste.
2	Maybe I came on an off day but the service was slow, the Swedish pancakes were not fully cooked and the hostess ended up serving us more than the waitress. Don't think I'll be back again.
3	Positive- Pancakes were awesome! I get the choco, but they are all good. Very glad I experienced this restaurant. Excellent omelets and fresh squeezed orange juice is always a plus!Negative- Service was extreemly slow, I believe we waited 15-20 minutes for our food to come out. Servers not very personable and somewhat pricey for the amount.All in all, definitely worth checking out 1X. However, if you are in a hurry or have somewhere to be, this is not the place.
5	Great service (waitress was in training and everything still came out quickly and correctly); delicious pancakes (we got our usual order and it was done to perfection); clean; no wait!  I don't understand why this place would have less than 4-5 stars - it is exactly as advertised...an original pancake house like we have been visiting since childhood. I can't wait until my son is old enough to join in the deliciousness.
4	Get the apple pancakes! You won't regret it.
5	The apple pancake is the best!!!  When ever the cravings hit, it never disappoints!  Soo delicious!
5	We went here on Christmas morning and we couldn't have been happier.The service was amazing and our waitress was so informative on the different menu choices.I got the banana pancakes and my husband got "the best omelet" he's ever had.They bake their omelets so they come out nice n fluffy.Will come back soon!
5	Great place. Try the French toast. They have big portions and prices are reasonable. You should stop in and check it out yourself.
5	Very delicious and hearty breakfast. The German potatoes are awesome (server informed me that whether it says German potatoes or German hash browns they are the same thing.) Fresh squeezed OJ was really tasty. My sister who lives in Las Vegas said we were really lucky that we didn't have to wait because mornings on the weekends it is apparently really crowded and hard to get a table.
5	Absolutely delicious! My boyfriend and I split the chicken crepe and Venetian Benedict... best breakfast I've had in Vegas!
4	OMG!  I thought I was an IHop lover of pancakes....sorry IHop you have just been beat! I can't beging to tell you how much I enjoy dining there! I have the almond pancakes and they are to DIE FOR! Not heavy pancake, sometimes they tend to be just too heavy.  Not here! The omelet my husband gets is big enough for two! The service is always Great as well!
5	This place is worth the wait!It was so good that I didn't even take a picture of my food. I had the blueberry waffles which was so-so. The best thing to order is the OMELETS! yes, it's a pancake house but the omelets are mouth-watering. This isn't your typically denny's omelet. Its like a puff pastry filled with gooey melted cheese. Let me tell you, they do not skimp on the cheese. I can't remember the exact omelet he ordered but we had to fight for the last bite. It's large so it can be easily shared between two people.
5	The omelets here are amazing!!  My husband and I split an omelet and side of pancakes (the pecan pancakes are the best!)  We both love the fresh squeezed orange and grapefruit juices - they are both truly FRESH SQUEEZED!  Mmmm my mouth is watering thinking about it!  Quite often on Saturdays there is a balloon lady who goes from table to table making balloon animals for children.  We have a 4.5 year old, so this is a very nice feature!  We really love going here and will certainly continue to do so!
5	It was all wonderful. The ham & cheddar omelet was fluffy and great. The apple pancake came out so hot and delicious that my sister burned her mouth on it. Mom loves the dutch baby with the lemon and sugar. Definitely worth the drive.
2	Our waitress was a superstar,  older woman and so friendly and attentive to our needs even anticipated our needs having our grand daughter there.  OPH was my first job in mid 70's actually inspiring me to become a chef and restaurateur.  My main job was preparing the famous corned beef hash in the Hawaii locations. Since then,  I've always made OHP my home and boasted on their food and quality especially since I've lived in Portland,  OR where the original location and family resides boasting the famous passed down starter cultures that make up my beloved Dutch Baby. So one thing I know and know well is OPH food especially the corned beef that I've made all my life. 2 stars are for my waitress and her service which if yelp broke the ratings in categories I'd give her 5 stars and hire her any day in any if my restaurants. Now to the food.  It just sucked period! The Dutch baby was so flat and pancakes were soured only meaning they don't follow protocols for the starters and batter was old and not kept refrigerated causing it to sour. My so called corned beef was a blatant ripoff, they tried to pass off their older ham chopped up and with onions all fluffy and they couldn't make hash with ham because it comes out like fluffy hamburger.  Even waitress said others complained the same thing.  Don't take my word for it, see for yourself,  all I ask is you know what corned beef is and eaten at other locations besides vegas. They are cutting corners to save on food costs and waste. Shame on you!!!!!My concerns and disappointment was addressed with the manager or owner,  the older gentleman but he denied my findings as a professional chef and was extremely rude even though I was being courteous.  This leads me to believe that the cooks run the place without challenge or proper management.  I will forward my findings to Portland along with the pictures of the fake corned beef.  I did pay for everything and never asked for a discount or any refunds.  It's just a crime what they're doing to such a wonderful franchise and food concept. Change management and food and maybe we won't lose our last OPH in Vegas.
2	Cook is not quite up to the chain standard   Its the little differences. Sauce on eggs michael is less sauce and more jell. Pecan pancakes are doughy. Bacon arrives oily. However, potato pancakes are excellent.  Eggs were cooked perfectly. Coffee is very good. Service is excellent. Ill try them again sometime.
1	We were told that the wait was only 15-20 minutes and we ended up waiting for 45 minutes!!! We were all just waiting there while others that just arrived passed us by. I finally decided to complain and that's when they finally put their heads together and set-up a table for us. Worst place for a Sunday Brunch! Food was ok...not worth the wait.
4	Delish! Creeps need a little whip cream wth them but the potatoes with cheddar cheese on them are amazing. Bacon is crisp and perfect.
5	Very good food!!  I enjoyed the experience and friendly atmosphere. I also was lucky enough to see the Fred Astaire Dance Studio as I was leaving and stop inside. I have been very happily going there for breakfast and dance lessons ever since double win :)
3	An ok place to have breakfast.  I was not entirely impressed with the pancakes and breakfast items.  I would say very close to Ihop and such.  If I were to choose a breakfast place in Vegas if this is a drive for you, I would skip it and go to a closer breakfast place.  Nothing really would make me want to revisit the place.
3	The food is good here but the orange juice is a rip off & they charge you per cup! Not only do they charge you per cup, if you order OJ with a kids meal (which drinks are included) they charge you for an adult glass of orange juice and don't even tell you. It's $5 per cup and you can't order it with a kids meal. Well you can but you pay the full price & then basically waste the included drink that comes with the kids meal. Paid $20 just for orange juice on Mother's Day! Very disappointed that we weren't informed of this up charge or per glass charge. Wasn't until I asked after I received the bill & it was too late by then.
5	Best bacon and pancakes and omelets in all Las Vegas .a little expensive but well worth it .
5	It has been awhile since I've been here and it's so great to see that the service and quality that I remember have been upheld. We always get the most friendly servers (this time it was Jesse and he was wonderful) and the food is fantastic. I don't know how they get their pancakes so fluffy but they are the best in town! The food came out fast and we had a really enjoyable time! Yummy stuff, right here!
5	While it's called the Original Pancake House, and their specialty pancakes are very good and classic not just pancakes with a bunch of sweet stuff piled on, the omelette a are amazing. They are baked! A completely different experience and very very tasty.
5	Today I strayed from my apple pancake and got the banana crepes. DAYYYUM!!! They were stuffed with sour cream and bananas and topped with an apricot glaze. Phenomenal! My husband was more than pleased with his 7 strips of bacon, divine pancakes( I won't say how many) and 3 eggs.
3	This place is ok. I came here with a groupon which made me feel like it was worthy of coming here. Ordered a stack of pancakes and an eggs benedict. Not fantastic food, but definitely not bad either. Service was great the day I came. Very sweet waitress.
4	Great omelet and pancakes. I love their whipped cream!!! Whipped cream at this restaurant makes everything taste extra delicious.
4	Place is a bit pricey but they serve you quality food and the only breakfast in Las Vegas that has a nice strong cup of coffee!
4	This place is worth the wait!  There always seems to be a wait when we arrive, yet it never really seems to be that long. The service is always great, they have good hearty food, and strong coffee!My hardest dilemma with breakfast is that I always want to try everything! Guess that means I need to continue coming back!
5	This place is the same as the one in Anaheim, ca. The place wasn't packed as I thought it would be. Great service, the food came as fast and coffee was refilled without asking. Definitely will come back if I'm in the area since it's about 30 mins away.
5	Only place to eat breakfast in Vegas! Omelets are awesome, as are the pancakes. Great value, quality, and service.
5	Come here every time I am in Las Vegas, always have a great meal.  Sometimes there a wait but never too long.  Service is great or has been every time we have come.  The potato pancakes are always a hit.  Going there this A.M for my birthday breakfast!  Try it , I think you will not be disappointed.  D from so cal
4	Previously lived right down the street and never made it in here because although there seemed to be cars filling up the lot, I never saw a lot of people waiting outside. Now I realize that's because there's hardly ever a wait here because the inside is huge, the service is effecient and the staff does a great job ensuring everyone is seated quickly. This place is right around the corner from an Egg Works. It's not even an issue, hands down this place is better. Traditional pancakes are fluffy, potato pancakes have this great chewy texture and their baked omelettes are larger than life and bursting with cheese. Breakfast is one of those meals where you can skip eating out to save a few bucks and eat a little bit healthier at home, but if I'm feeling lazy at home, this is definitely one of my first choices.
4	The baked omelettes are wonderful I eat omelettes all the time I have never had in the oven baked omelette I would definitely return and order a baked omelette they are a little far from my house but it was worth having a different breakfast experience not bad I will return
3	This place is a little pricey compare to other restaurants. The pancakes were amazing though. No doubt about that. We had Santa Fe omelette and asked for our sauce on the side but they just plopped it on top instead. It was mediocre. Our service wasn't that great either. Our server came over to our table three times the entire time.
3	Fine for what it is.  Greasy breakfast food.  We used a groupon 12 for 20.00.  I'm glad we did because the food is pricey.  We shared the apple pancake, really sweet and eggy, but that is just the type of pancake it is.  We also had an order of crispy bacon and a side of eggs.  That's it, we shared everything.  We had to pay another 1.54 cents for tax and we left a tip.  Reasonable for what we had, overpriced if we didn't have the groupon.
4	Freshly squeezed grapefruit juice and hot coffee were a great start to the meal. I ordered the Corned Beef Hash, which was flavorful and had a perfect balance of onions, potatoes, and corned beef, and was accompanied by 2 eggs and 4 potato pancakes (which are basically latkes!). The meal was great, and I would definitely go again for the delicious food (five stars!), but I felt a little miffed by the end of the meal, as the waitress basically ignored me from the second half of the meal onward. My coffee was not refilled, I wasn't asked if I wanted dessert, and the waitress basically threw down my receipt on the table and went to look after other customers. I tried to get her attention several times, and she ignored me. I went on a Tuesday at noon: the entire restaurant was practically empty. I had been thinking about ordering an apple pancake for dessert, but with that kind of treatment, no thank you. Great meal, but service was only so-so.
4	Every time we come to Vegas we have breakfast here. It's a great place. They have huge oven baked omelette's and a great selection of pancakes!! Waffles are amazing. All delicious. Reasonable prices, friendly staff and clean. The only thing is that it gets busy so expect a wait on the weekend and holidays. Don't come if your starving cause your gonna get Hangry! Lol
4	When it comes to a fantastic local breakfast here in the southwest part of Vegas, the original pancake house definitely is amongst one of the best places of choice for breakfast! There are plenty of places to sit as well as parking! Customer service is normally on point for the most part.. Wait times are exceptional as well! Facility has always been very clean on the times I've dined in! Prices for beverages are a bit high in my opinion so I stick to some coffee or water the omelets are by far some of the best I've had.. EVER!!! The Irish speciality is one of my favorites rather that's all I order with cheddar and Gouda cheese! Pancakes are always a hot nice and fluffy with a great choices of syrup! The cheesy potatoes are a great side choice of well even though it will cost you a little but extra!
1	I have been going to this place for a few years due to the proximity of my home and also the baked German pancake. The food is great if you order the baked pancake and so so everything else. What makes this a 1 star as oppose to 5 is the service and attitude. You get the very distinct feeling you must have been working there as oppose to being a paying customer there. They don't handle cash at the table and no exceptions! so if you ran out of change you have to go back to the table to leave a tip cause that is the law there. They do not allow outside coffee there even though they don't offer much in the way of coffee drinks and when you want to tell the owners what you think of these policies, they hand you a card and tell you to leave a message at corporate number on the card? no specific person just corporate number meaning it goes unheard so i figure i post my comment here where everyone will read. I ask the lady how many places do they  have ? when she answer 2 I broke out laughing, what ego the owners must have and now it all makes sense why they treat their customers that way. we eat breakfast at all the locals like black bear, egg and I, hash house ago go and none of them treat you this way so I guess we won't be back as I am not there to report to work. customer service is an art and they do not get it. oh and the other places handle cash and bring change and they don't even mention outside drinks..i mean I guess they are not that desperate for the extra $2 as they are always packed at black bear ( with 20 locations ) and hash house ago go ( with many locations including casino locations which are the most demanding on service and they offer a huge coffee drink menu and still did not have rules on outside drinks! ).
2	I'm writing this review as I'm rather upset with what just happened. The food here is excellent probably one of the best places to dine in Vegas, but as we all know it's about the Service! I've been a loyal customer of this location since it opened a few years back. Every single time that I have EVER dined here since opening I always grab a starbucks coffee and then I will go eat here because I don't like drip coffee. So today was no different than the other 50-60 times I've eaten here except I was denied a table due to the fact that I had my starbucks coffee. Listen, I understand having policies it's a business the issue here is consistency! If you have a policy than you have to stick to it not just simply implement it one random day because you feel like it and not on other days. I hope it was worth losing a loyal customer as I will definitely not be returning to dine here!
3	The breakfast food is good. If you visit after 1200 you can pretty much get a seat with no waiting.  The downside is the severs are burnt out from the breakfast crowd so they aren't the friendliest and at times not attentive to your table needs. The older man with the mustache is always at the register. Every time I eat here he is standing there. I figure he is the owner or just a creepy old man that can't be within 500 feet of a school
4	Good location.  They close early though.   Wait staff is older but really good. Very very polite.  Food is cooked to order so allow time for sure if your hungry.  Coconut pancake is delicious.  Groupon makes this even better
4	We used to eat at the original location and when that was burned and hasn't been rebuild and the one in Aliante was gone, I thought they were no longer. I was happy to find that this location is alive and well. I think I like this one better as the old one was a bit run down, duct tape on the seats type of thing.I came with my MIL for breakfast. She got the dutch baby and a side of bacon. We make the dutch pancakes at home and while theirs is decent, it's a bit thick here and we prefer the thinner style we do at home and I load mine up with delicious berries. Still good though. Where they get you is the side of something savory to balance out the sweet pancakes as the bacon was almost $5 for 4 strips. However, those were really good quality thick sliced bacon. I got the Venicia benedict which has ham, mushrooms, spinach and bacon. All the toppings were awesome and the eggs were perfectly poached and runny. The kicker is instead of breakfast potatoes, these come with potato pancakes! I love them and don't see them often enough of menus. Portions here are pretty hefty. If you got a appetite, you will leave here happy I think. Service was pretty decent and personable. Our drinks were refilled in a timely manner, we were checked on and chit chatted with our server. The hostess and cashier were fairly friendly as well. I'm glad that the Original Pancake House is still around. I think their breakfasts have always been good. I will be back pretty soon with the Fiance.
2	German pancakes, Swedish pancakes, one side of sausages, two coffees for. $34.  Way too high for OK food.  Long wait to get table when only few customers eating and had to ask someone to send waitress to take order.  Would not return.
1	Had the worst experience I've ever had in my life. General manager was super rude when I asked him to substitute pancakes to something  else, he said he have to charge me but He can give me maybe a "SLICE OF TOMATO" for free. "In his own words"  Like seriously, was that necessary & having a attitude on Saturday afternoon & you happen to be the GENERAL MANAGER? No wonder this place gets bad reviews. It's these people make the restaurant look bad. But food can't save this Original pancake house ANYWAY. I fell the like the GM hated his job & didn't want to be here. For food, Worst taste of pancakes I've ever had. WILL NOT RETURN back to this place ever.
4	Items Selected:Chocolate Chip Buttermilk Short StackChallah French ToastBaked Apple PancakeTechnically a chain, with origins in Portland OR and the famous Walker Bros location in Wilmette IL, it was only when Groupon offered a discount that I realized Las Vegas even had an Original Pancake House and although I guess it could be said that the $8 discount was the impetus for my visit, in reality it was fond childhood memories that drew me through the doors.  Located on Fort Apache, and thus less than ten minutes from my door, it was after another long morning run that I arrived at the sizeable storefront and although the clock had just ticked past 7:15am I entered the restaurant to find the place already lively, a quartet of tables already seated while two couples before me checked in with a friendly hostess soon leading them to their seats.  Eventually finding my place at a booth best suited for four it was mere seconds before my server stopped by and with my order pre-decided based on past experience a simple request that plates arrive in two courses was granted, the long cooking time of the later assuring a fifteen minute delay between rounds.  Sipping on water as the restaurant continued to fill it would not be long before first plates arrived and although the restaurant's eponymous buttermilk batter was fluffy as ever beneath a mountain of whipped cream it was the house-baked challah that truly impressed, the exterior rendered crispy while the center was soaked in sweet custard playing counterpoint the rich egginess of soft bread.  Admittedly a substantial start, and nearly enough to use up my gift certificate, there was simply no way I was leaving Original Pancake House without ordering one of their signatures and this time opting for the Baked Apple Pancake over the Dutch Baby I'll simply say that one cannot go wrong with either, the piping hot pile of thinly sliced Granny Smith's teaming with cinnamon and sugar atop a buttery golden base proving as much a 'pie' as it does a pancake, but absolutely delicious regardless of what it is called.Individually owned and operated but similar in menu from coast-to-coast there is simply 'something' about Original Pancake House that makes me smile - the service ever pleasant, the space always bustling, and the apple pancake always served so hot that you *know* the first bite is likely to end in a blistered mouth.  Obviously a bit more expensive than IHOP or Denny's but also using superior ingredients including 93-score butter, pure whipping cream, and free-range eggs it's good to know that every once in a while you can indeed find a taste of 'home,' even a thousand or more miles away.
1	I was completely creeped out by the host.  He had an attitude from the minute I walked up!!   Very strange and unwelcoming.. I chose not to eat there..  They don't care about customers..
3	Not really a huge fan. I'll just state that up front. Will I return? Possibly. Will I go out of my way to get here for breakfast again? Nope.Firstly, I really dislike when places serve a single waffle as a breakfast meal. Who in the flip eats just a waffle? No bacon. No eggs. Just one single waffle. Everything on their a la carte menu was insanely priced, too. We'd have been better off just going to dine on the strip! So I ended up ordering the waffle and another meal, the traditional, that included the eggs, potatoes and sausage (or choice of bacon) that I wanted. The waffle came on a plate, by itself, no powdered sugar or anything. Sorry if I am a bit repetitive, I order waffles at breakfast establishments often and I've never seen such a bland looking waffle, LOL. The traditional meal was alright. Eggs, sausage and toast you can't really screw up too bad. Everything was cooked how it should've been. I will note that they don't really try anything clever on their menu. The potatoes though... they were cooked "German style" which I had never really heard of. They were.. interesting. I do wish that they'd have been a little crisper... but they weren't all that bad in the end. If you go, I recommend that you get pancakes or French toast... better value, to me at least.
5	This place gets five stars for several reasons. 1) Service is great - not just at this location, but always, at every location I have been to. 2) The food is amazingly good. Fresh, tastes homemade and high quality. 3) Coffee - their coffee is good. Really good. Most diners don't have good coffee. 4) Bacon - it is the good stuff. I love their swedish pancakes and the pumpkin pancakes. Next time, I am trying the cherry crepes.
5	The omelets are amazing! I can feed 4 people. The pancakes are the best. Love the service and the food
2	Horrible service!!!! It took too long to get our drinks, napkins and utensils. Not to mention we couldn't get our waitress' attention and when she brought our napkins they were dirty. Not the cleanest of restaurants either. The food was ok, nothing special. Loved seeing what they had to offer in their menu but disappointed when it came out. The bacon was the best thing.
4	This place was recommended by friends and I can see why. We knew this place had to be good when there was barely a place to park to get inside. Once inside there was a wait, for BREAKFAST! Really? The staff was very nice and the wait was reasonable. Our waiter was very friendly and attentive. I got the short stack blueberry pancakes and they were absolutely fantastic. My wife got short stack of buttermilk pancakes. She raved about them. The entire staff was hospitable and hustled to take care of everyone. I would like to see some sides served with the pancakes, but all of those were extra. I guess you can't have it all. I will definitely eat at any of the Original Pancake House' I see. This would be a great place to fill up on some great carbs before a long day of hiking or biking. Loved it.
3	As advertised this place definitely has a good variety of pancakes.  I had the pumpkin pancakes today and they seem like they needed a pinch more sugar or cinnamon.  I've had them before and remembered them being pretty good, but today's batch was just lacking a little.  I also had some bacon to go with them.  Normally bacon is pretty much bacon at most places, but these were some nice slices of bacon and cooked just right.  Definitely a spot to come back to.
4	Always on the the lookout for some good breaky break food, the opportunity to go go OPH came aboot. After coming here, this place has exceeded my expectations, and now there is another very good place for me to go for my breakfast needs.I've been to other Original Pancake House's in the past. Some items I really didn't like. Others, I thought were pretty good. On my most recent trip, I do believe in saying that, overall, this place makes some pretty good food for the price point.A few years ago, I went to a different OPH and ordered their signature item, the baked apple pancake. Honestly, while the presentation of the beast was truly amazing, the taste just didn't do it for me. It's not that it tasted bad in any way, but after a few bites, I was done. It was too rich and heavy for my taste buds. I then went to another one and tried their (non-baked) german potato pancakes, and I enjoyed the crispiness of the outer edges of the pancake, and the soft middle. The sour cream and applesauce really heightened the flavor, and it was something I liked.Now, here is shot #3. This time I ordered the Eggs Michael, because i'm Michael, and I like eggs. This was basically an eggs benedict, but with a sherry mornay sauce instead of the hollandaise, and sausage instead of the ham/bacon. The eggs were poached perfectly, the sherry mornay was nicely made, and the sausage was flavorful. I did think the english muffin was a bit tough, but not that bad. It came with a side of the german potato pancakes that I liked.I also ordered blueberry pancakes. I'm not a big fan of regular pancakes except for Dupar's, but I wanted to give it a shot. The blueberries complimented the soft, delicate pancake wonderfully, and the side of blueberries to put on top of the pancake was a nice touch. The pancake was light, soft, not tough or chewy, and it wasn't too sweet. This is probably my second favorite pancake after Dupar's.I would definitely come here again. I think the prices are right on the money, and the quality is pretty good. I'm not a fan of their baked pancakes because they are just too much for me, but i'll happily try any of their other items.
2	I have been to the other locations before though it's been awhile (Green Valley Ranch and the Charleston and Decatur locations). Both of those locations have since closed. I was really hoping they would rebuild the one that burnt down on Charleston but last time I drove by another restaurant was being built. Don't know why they still have the address listed on their website if they are not rebuilding. Anyways, I absolutely loved going to OPH. This was the first time I had been to this location. You would think since they only have one location open in the area (Primm doesn't count) they would focus all their attention on it. We arrived and there was a 35 minute wait. Since it was 11am on a Saturday we expected a wait. We finally sat down and our waiter came to take our order. He came back with our drinks and we ordered our food. My son also asked for a glass of water. The place was packed so our waiter was extremely busy. He never brought my son's water and we couldn't seem to catch his attention. Finally when he brought our food we asked again for the water. The food was not cooked how we ordered it so that was disappointing. The waiter was bringing beverages to a table behind us so we managed to get his attention. We asked a 3rd time for my son's water and then asked for refills on our drinks. Finally he brought it out. We saw the manager but unlike other restaurants he never walked around to see how everyone was doing. He just walked between the kitchen and the register several times. Needless to say I don't think I will be coming back especially since it's not near where we live. Would much rather prefer to go to BabyStacks.
5	We went in yesterday with 4 young children, we were not the easiest people to work with, but Mary R. totally gave us a grade A experience. She was absolutely amazing! Food was on point too:)
4	They serve apple pancakes here that are pretty special. It's an innovative baked creation. Then again, this place does things a little differently. Not like IHOP. I highly recommend the cherry crepes.... And I don't even like cherries. They just taste amazing!!
1	If you want to be threaten this is the place to eat.  Horrible service, manager is extremely rude.
3	My coconut pancakes were mediocre; I was very let down by the size of the pancakes and the taste/texture components as well.  Wasn't impressed with their Chicken Crepe.....soupy, yellow, and somewhat bland.  I wouldn't recommend the chicken crepe of the coconut pancake.  I would have prefered a larger cake with more "pancake" flavor and less sweetness.Guess we're done going here for a while.
4	Food was delicious and cooked to perfection. I had a Philly cheesesteak sandwich which was overloaded with. Meat, cheese bell peppers and onions. Couldn't finish it all. Fast friendly service. I'll be back.
5	Absolutely amazing restaurant. Great food (completely delicious), great service, and such a treat whenever i get to eat there. I just wish it was somewhere closer to me such as a casino here in Vegas. They use to be at Green Valley hotel and casino, and i miss it soo much, Pancake House... Please come back to me, or at least closer to me for example; eastern and serene. I would eat there everyday! no joke! Plus the chocolate chip crepes (shells) are absolutely to die for, every time i eat at the OPH, that is exactly what i get, every time i go.  I love you Pancake house, please come back to the casinos!!!
1	I am a nice person but I don't have nothing nice to say about this place .The food was not hot the bacon taste like it was a year old the waiter smell like he had been drinking all night long .And to top everything off the cashier was rude I will not be back ever
2	I was surprised when we called ahead on a Sunday morning and asked to have our name put on a waiting list.  We were told that they weren't very busy, and they couldn't put us on the list until we arrived.  So 10 minutes later we arrived to find a 20 minute wait. I mentioned this on their Facebook page and got a snarky reply that pretty much suggested I could just shut up and wait like everyone else. "The Original Pancake House franchise has been extremely successful for 52 years.  We've tried variations to the corporate policy standards, and it simply doses not work.  Since 1995, the Vegas locations have used the first come first serve method.  Thank you for your comment, but Even past presidents, celebrities and politicians wait on weekends and holidays.   There is no way to "jump the line" except dine on weekdays when the wait is shorter."Oddly enough, call ahead simply DOES work for restaurants all over the country, so I'm not quite sure why they can't figure it out.In all fairness, the wait was probably less than 20 minutes- closer to 10 or 12 minutes, and the food was fast and very good, as always.  But with this type of attitude displayed towards customers, the Original Pancake House won't be my go-to place for breakfast any time soon.  Or at least not THIS location.
5	The food was excellent. Vegetarian omelets and banana and pumpkin pancakes. Our server, Mary was amazing, attentive and very accommodating and caring.. We will certainly be back again. Thanks Mary and thanks Original Pancake House,
5	This is a great breakfast place for the family. The baked apple pancake is to die for with a side order of the applewood smoked bacon. This is also a great place to dine if you enjoy crepes and the coffee is very good and not too strong. Before to hit this place early or in the afternoon on the weekends otherwise you could easily wait 35-45 minutes to get seated.I've been going to this location for years now and the service has always been spectacular.
5	Absolute best breakfast place in town. We go there on the regular. It's a weekly thing because it's that good. French toast is out of this world. The Dutch baby is super tasty. Their bacon is bomb. And I can't not mention the strawberry pancakes with fresh whipped cream... Delicious. They are always packed, but the wait time is never too long and they bring out your food so fast. This review needed to be written a while ago. I'm finally getting around to it after probably 30 times of going to this place. Trust me. It's good.
3	This place wasn't how I remembered it. Before I moved to Vegas, I came here and was blown away by their portions and German style breakfasts. I came back recently, and I was a bit disappointed. The wait was 20 minutes. Not terrible...this is a very popular place. One of their locations in Vegas closed a couple years ago, so I can imagine they've dealt with the overflow traffic from that. I ordered the Fresh Vegetarian Omelette with egg whites and light on the cheese and hash browns instead of pancakes. I despise pancakes. The omelettes take a very long time to make (about 20 minutes) since they are baked in an oven. It is very nice that they state this on the menu. We waited about 20 minutes for our orders, which isn't anything out of the ordinary for this place. The food came out piping hot. Sadly, I was super dissapointed with the omelette. It lacked flavor and I was forced to douse it in salt and ketchup. Additionally, it was incredibly fluffy, so although it looked GIGANTIC, it wasn't at all filling. Also, since I asked for light cheese, the cheese was all in one clump only on one side of the omelette..inside of it. So, I had an entire omelette with no cheese, and then about 4 giant bites of cheese.The hash browns were not hash browns at all. They were potatoes. I don't remember seeing this on the menu, but it certainly wasn't explained. I'm sure they were "German potatoes," but that wasn't what I wanted. I will come back here to give this place another chance, but probably not anytime soon.
2	This is going to sting a bit... I'm a local and have stayed away from here for awhile due to a few previous bad experiences and not because the food is bad.  I have stayed away because the service is not great.  I tried again yesterday a Tuesday mid morning (not a busy time) because you can't touch the place on a weekend without a major wait.  I had a party of 4.  We walked in with a party of 2 right in front of us.  No hostess at hostess stand.  Waited behind that party for 3min.  When it got to us the two girls behind the counter, not the stand, fumbled around and did not acknowledge us.  There was never a formal good morning or welcome...Finally 3min later she says will a table work and we said that's fine... She starts walking us to the table and we see 2 booths open.  We ask for a booth and she says, "that waitress is over sat," so no, we can't have a booth... Really?  The waitress is more important than your customers? Ok... She did give us the option to wait for a booth... Lol how nice! So we sit at our table and wait and wait and wait... No drinks, No acknowledgement, No Nothing!  10 minutes!  So we got up and walked out... No one stopped us... Sad to say this is not the first time this has happened.  BEWARE: They will not seat incomplete parties,  they have no kids meals, the prices are inflated, everything is an add on and you will be lucky to get a max of 2 cups of coffee.  They run there waitresses ragged and they are usually frazzled...  They could make a few minor corrections to be better with service but ultimately over the years they have been more worried about the bottom line, then the customer.  The food is usually good, so that's the trade off.  I'm not willing to make the trade anymore.  They have lost a customer.  It takes a lot for me to walk away from a local establishment, but I have never got a warm fuzzy feeling at this restaurant. With so many breakfast choices in town it's just not worth my time or money anymore.
4	This place comes down to what you order. I'm not a huge OJ fan, but boy, FRESH OJ does the body real good after you've destroyed your liver the night before. The oven baked corned beef omelette is a great choice for those who love eggs AND also want some corned beef. It goes so well with Gouda cheese. I mean, you can PICK GOUDA cheese?! REALLY?! I was sold. Chocolate chip pancakes- sugar high but oh so good.Belgian waffles- I asked for well done since I like them golden brown and crispy. Batter was legit. Sausage- normal brekkie links but I made my own pigs in a blanket by ordering them on the side. I can't wait to try the apple pancakes that others have mentioned and the potato pancakes. I'm a huge fan of this place, and service is impeccable so far. The wait was 5 minutes my first time. On NY day, it was 30, but that's expected. I knocked off one star since the second visit, they had overloaded the omelette with too much cheese, that it took over the corned beef flavor to an extreme. But, my first visit was love at first bite, so I'll keep this at a 4 star.
4	Great food, good service, it's just a tad pricey for me. About $50 for three people to eat. They have the best crepes in town. Unfortunately, strawberry goes off the menu for the few months that strawberries are out of season. I always come later in the day because A) I sleep all day and B) I don't like to wait. This place is very popular and gets super busy, so brace yourself unless you come later like I do.
1	Never again.. such a rip off!! $4.59 for a small orange juice? Are you kidding? I thought it was $2.59..even that to me was expensive..
3	Ok food.Ok setting.Ok pricing. You get what you pay for  and it's certainly something you won't be craving for afterwards.  Mostly pancakes and waffles. Very limited choices on meat dishes. Just bacon and sausage links and patties. Coffee is okay, something you could definitely make at home taste better.
