1	Not a thrift store. A consignment store made for middle aged women who have a bad sense of style. Yuck.
3	Recycle Boutique is one of those shops that I always drive by, but never take the time to actually explore. Well, I finally parked it on Park and took a gander!When you walk in to Recycle, you're immediately greeted by furniture and housewares. Kitschy, upscale items that someone took pretty good care of, I say. I saw everything from couches to tables, mirrors to ottomans. While the furniture selection was intriguing, my interests were set squarely on the consigned clothes, shoes & bags. Near the middle to the back of the store, you'll find separated sections of women's shoes, clothing and jewelry. I know the owners used to be in wholesale shoe sales, so it's understandable that they pull in a pretty neat selection of footwear. I saw a handful of higher end brands and some department store brands. My only beef with the shoe selection? I didn't see a ton of options in my size (8)....but I spied boatloads of adorable & high end shoes for the smaller footed females (sz 5-6).Clothing wise, I wasn't blown away by their selection - it seemed to bit of a hodgepodge of items, sizes and styles. Granted, I went in between seasons, so that could certainly accommodate for the lack of options. Next time I'm in the area and I want to look for that consigned treasure, I may peruse the goodies at Recycle.
4	Don't go in expecting anything cheap and you'll be fine. It's marked down in most cases, but there's no $1 bin or anything. I picked up some $85 original price sandals for $20 and drooled over a cool, machine-looking table with a crank and gears to change the table's height. A mix of classic, rustic, and vintage/antique furniture that is more geared to Foxcroft than Plaza Midwood, but by no means relegated to people with no taste. If you like Restoration Hardware, Chehoma, Pottery Barn, or Williams-Sonoma Home, you'll like the styles here.
4	Not my style, still a great shop where most of the merchandise looks to be in Perfect Condition!  Prices to match that condition!  NOT what I would call THRIFT, though the prices are better than buying the same item new...  Furniture, Lamps, Home Decor and Women's Clothing!  Park Road Shopping Center.
2	Had been consigning items here for about six months but will never again.  You do get an e-mailed inventory list of what you consign,however, your are not identified as the consignor on the  inventory that they email you. They do not identify what items actually sell when you get a check, and do not go over the inventory with you when items are picked up.  Our latest experience was two missing items upon pickup- one silk flower bouquet that had been in a vase that did not sell,  The vase was returned minus the bouquet, and one piece of original art also missing  The shop owners disclaim any responsibility and stated that "things get stolen all the time and we cannot take responsibility".  When we called about the missing items a second time we were told by one of the owners that "your phone calls are becoming ridiculous".  Both owners became rude and said they had no intention of doing anything about the missing flowers or piece or art.  We certainly will never consign through them again and hope that this is taken as a warning by other consignors.  Be very careful and make sure you get back what you took in that did not sell.    Consignors beware.
5	Was always a nice place to find unique clothes and shoes and furniture. Now they have have more home decor items. I almost always buy something when i visit this store... A++
