5	I really enjoyed my mani/pedi with Trisha!  She took her time and taught me about manicuring my nails from home which I loved.I went in for the Groupon basic mani/pedi deal and left feeling like I got a lot more! It was the most pleasant experience I've had at a nail salon. The conversation was easy and Trish is a great person. I will be coming back to Trish for nails again! The entire staff was friendly and professional. Great Salon!!
5	I had a really nice experience at 101 Hair & Nails.  I received a manicure and  pedicure by Tricia.  She is friendly, very nice, and quite knowledgeable.  She has been doing nails a very long time and it shows.  I especially love my Rockstar toes and can't wait to go back for more!
5	I use many different nail salons because I travel so much. But after having my feet and nails done here, I will try to stay loyal as much as possible. I really enjoyed the experience and outcome of my basic mani/pedi by Lacee. She was a pleasure. They opened a couple of months ago so if you had a bad experience before December, go back. Reasonable and very nice.
5	I got a mani/pedi here almost 2 weeks ago and my nails have barely chipped! it's a miracle!!! Really nice salon and the staff is very friendly. I will definitely be back!
5	I purchased a groupon for mani/rock star pedi. This was the first visit for me. Tricia was so friendly, very knowledgeable of the treatments, and modified the gel treatment on my fingernails instead of toenails. I've never had the gel treatment before and I love it! Tricia was so easy to talk with. I'll be back soon!
5	I had my hair highlighted, cut and styled by Tricia. She did an amazing job. The color came out perfect.  She was very pleasant but did not talk my ear off.  She was efficient in terms of time but I did not feel like she was rushing. The place was clean and well kept. I live very close to this salon, but its easy to miss. Definitely going back.
5	I just started going to this place and they are very nice and helpful.  I will be getting a hair cut and treatment done here soon and will review again after!
5	I tried this salon because I had a Goupon, but will continue to return because of the cleanliness, service and pricing. Lacee was very thorough as well as being very friendly. I will be trying their hair care services next.
5	I went to this salon using a Living Social coupon for a haircut, treatment, and style and was thoroughly happy with everything. Trisha was my stylist, and she asked me several questions before cutting my hair and during the haircut and styling.  I received several compliments on my cut and style.  I will definitely be going back.  The salon is trendy, and the staff is very friendly.
5	Had a great mani-pedi here today. Very relaxed atmosphere and staff. Will return!
4	Kaitlyn and Tricia make me feel BEAUTIFUL.  I get a compliment every day on either my hair or my nails!  While the location can be easily missed, the salon itself is very trendy and clean.  All of the employees are easy to talk to and actually participate in what beauty options that I have.  I can sympathize with other posters regarding scheduling, but since I always keep a calendar several weeks out, this has not been an issue for me.  I would LOVE to see more gel polish color selections and more recent magazines for "hair processing time", but feel as though I have found the perfect salon!
5	I went for a Keratin Treatment and have only good things to report.  The treatment worked well and my hair looks and feels great!  Trisha was great.  I highly recommend her and this treatment.
4	I took my mom here yesterday for a Deal Chicken deal that included a pedicure and a gel manicure.  It looks like they're still getting up and running but I think they're off to a great start.   My tech was Caitlin and she was great.  She was obviously passionate about nails and very knowledgeable.  She did a great job on my fingers and toes.  My mom had Trisha and enjoyed her very much as well.  All in all, it was a great experience and I would go back!
1	If I could give this "business" no stars, I would. I purchased a Groupon for 2 manicure/pedicures three months ago. Attempted THREE times to make an appointment a week ahead. Each time was told they are booked one month out due to the volume of GROUPONS sold. Finally I made an appointment one month ahead. Two days before my appointment, they called and left a message saying I missed my appointment.  I called back, and was told they could reschedule us for three days later at 12:30. We arrived for the appointments...ONE client in the entire salon. While getting my Groupon on my phone, I overheard the receptionist tell another caller they were booking one month out. AFTER she redeemed my GROUPONS, she asked our names. We were told there was some mistake, they had not re-booked us, that we had missed our appointments...too bad, our loss. The salon was virtually empty. What kind of ridiculous scam is this place running?B E W A R E of this place.
2	I came in to get a manicure and pedicure for my wedding. The lady who did my nails and the other ladies working there were really nice, but it doesn't make up for the poor results I received, especially since she knew I was getting married in a few days and my hands would be on extra display.So while she was doing my nails she missed the sides of each nail, which I had to point out. She only did one coat on top of the missed sections so it ended up a lot lighter than the rest of my nails. She originally was only going to do two coats of the nail polish but it was incredibly splotchy looking so I asked her to do an additional one. She really should have known to do that. After finishing the top coat, she sprayed some stuff on my hands. She said it was cuticle spray and that it would help my nails dry fast. I thought, how fantastic. After getting home I see that the spray made the surface of my nails bubble up like a bunch of tiny little bumps...it was awful looking. My nails chipped within 3 days. Worst manicure ever.My pedicure was better but she turned off the massage chair half way through claiming she was afraid it was going to overheat. I certainly don't want to cause a fire but would have liked to enjoy it for my full pedicure.Anyways, given the fact that the lady knew it was my wedding nails and she did such a poor job definitely makes me never want to come in here again or recommend it to anyone.
5	My mom bought me a Deal Chicken for a gel mani and pedi for my birthday and I had a great experience here!  I'd never had gel before, was apprehensive about it because I'd heard bad things about the chemicals in it and inability to have it removed, but Kaitlynn pushed all fears out of my head. :)  She was a great nail tech, personable and knowledgeable (as I thinks someone else also noted) and I could tell she cared about her profession and her clients as well.  I didn't care for the colors that were available for the gel mani so she offered to use her OWN polish that I loved instead!  They turned out great, and I couldn't be happier.My toes were also done very well, and the conversation and experience were all top notch.  I don't live close to this salon whatsoever but will definitely make the drive to see Kaitlynn again when my color needs changing.Thank you!!
1	Bought 3 Deal Chicken coupons in the hope that I would like this nail salon. The first service was ok, and I made another appointment. Got a text message last week that the salon is no longer in business, and now I am trying to get my money back from Deal Chicken.
5	I took my best friend for a basic mani/pedicure for her birthday.  We both loved the results.  My polish lasted a full two weeks on my hands and almost 2 months on my toes!  The service was great (no waiting) and the staff was friendly and knowledgeable.  I am going back again this week with a different friend for the same services.
4	This place has shutdown unfortunately.
1	I purchased a deal through DealChicken right before they closed down. A lady called me to inform they would reschedule my appointment as soon as they relocated, but they never called me, and when I tried to call them the number was disconnected. The website was shut down as well. I tried to get my money back through DealChicken, but they said since the voucher had expired there was nothing they could do for me. I am extremely upset at both 101 Hair and Nails and DealChicken. Buyers beware.
