4	Yay, finally opened to the public
3	So I went in on their opening day. My receipt say customer #5, i really wanted to be #1, but oh well. They greeted me (good), but what got me is their knowledge on what they sell. the front cashier girl took like 10 mins to get my order right and in the computer. I know its the first day of work, but they need to train their staff a little more harder. The food is ehhhh. not the best or the same as the other church's in the valley. I was sad when i took the first bite. the fried skin was all old and soggy, the meat was old and not hot/fresh. I hope they fix this. Im a addicitve fan to this brand/company, church's is the best chicken place in vegas, nevada, and the west coast.
4	Great customer service but I had to explain my order 3x. How hard is it to punch in a number 1 spicy with mac and cheese? They also came out to sweep the floor during my visit. I would normally praise them for being clean but the girl kept putting her backside near and once on my table. I would have appreciated it normally but she was didnt have the backside to pull that off LOL.The biscuits had a honey glaze I don't remember from the 90s but was still pleasantly refreshing. The spicy chicken had my nose running always a plus. The mac and cheese was great. Would have been nice to have a piece of corn on the cob but all in all a good experience
1	White meat or Dark meat, which is more expensive meat??? I hope your answer is white. Took 5-8 mins to take my order, and 10 mins for my food to come out. So their 2 or 3 piece combo is a mixed pieces. But I only wanted dark meat, the server says "i got to charge you extra for the dark meat". I was like WTH, seriously, charging me extra for a cheaper meat, whatever, got instead the tenders and the jalepeno bomber. Tenders were chewy and cold, and the bombers were good but they were falling apart, not crispy.I like this church's for the location only, its better if i just make the extra mile drive to get some really GOOD church's chicken. Come on, they really need to shape up, if they want to be consider as the other church's chicken. Train the staff better, make the food better, make the service better, just make everything better.
2	Well decided to try the new Church's that just opened on Rainbow just north of Windmill. Granted its a new place and the crew is unseasoned but a 45 minute wait for chicken strips is a bit long. The manager was very apologetic and was trying to get the crew to work together but two huge orders just killed this place. The chicken strips were so small, i thought they were McDonald's chicken nuggets (but they did taste better) and they were kind of pricey, especially for what you get. Mashed potatoes & the biscuits were good but I think I prefer Popeyes better. I will give them another shot in a few months to see if they get their act together.
2	So it's been a while since I've been to a Church's, this one recently opened in our 'hood. I think I know why I stayed away so long. We used the drive thru for our order. Service time was reasonable. Staff was friendly and answered our questions. We ended up ordering an 8 peice Mixed Chicken Special, we asked to make sure that it included 2 breasts since that's what my husband likes. LOL. They assured us it would.Well there was one breast so my hubby got screwed but he is willing to eat dark meat too. We got the chicken original style, so we could gauge how good the chicken is without heat. Well it was moist inside; crunchy outside, not too greasy but utterly tasteless. The mashed potatoes and gravy were worse than school cafeteria potatoes. The coleslaw was okay. The biscuits are super small, but they were the best thing we had. $15 for that, I'm sad. I will not be returning. Popeye's and KFC are better by far and that's not saying much.
3	Im a huge Popeyes chicken fan so it kills me to say this chicken is just slightly better in my opinion. The biscuits here are an acquired taste im not sure I like. They are honey glazed. Popeye's definitely has them beat on biscuits and sides. I may just have to go there to grab a red beans and rice, some biscuits and a mountain dew from the gas station so I can have a proper fried chicken lunch! Its worth a stop in and the customer service is improving since their first week open. I wish them nothing but success.
1	Part of the reason I go to a fast food drive-thru is because it's supposed to be fast. There were 4-5 cars ahead of me. It took us 25-30 minutes to get our food. We couldn't escape because we were trapped with other cars behind us. The wait is unacceptable for fast food standards. The food was alright but I'd rather go somewhere else where it's fast.
3	Tried them again, their serving sizes got a lot bigger. The chicken strips were actually strips this time and the food was fresh & hot. Service was a million times faster. I think they are ok, but their prices are a bit high still.
1	This was my first time ever eating at Church's chicken.  I will definitely not be going back.I went through the drive thru and waited just over 10 minutes.  When she finally gave me the food, they forgot the jalapeno bombers I ordered and I had to go back.I got the chicken sandwich combo.  Probably the tiniest chicken sandwich I've ever seen.  It was a thin, overcooked patty that was almost all breading.  It was hard and tasted like grease, not chicken.  The fries and jalapeno bombers both tasted like they'd been sitting under a heat lamp all day.As I'm writing this an hour after eating, I still can't get the taste of grease out of my mouth.  Yeah, fast food is greasy, but everything I had a Church's had no flavor other than grease.  Next time I'm in the mood for chicken, I'll stick with Popeye's.
1	Went there on 8/13/12  Was the worst chicken we ever ate. After our first couple of bites my wife and i looked at each other and both said this chicken doesn't taste right. In fact it tastes like it was spoiled, we just threw the rest away. Was not planning on going back anyway, the service was just as bad as the chicken and its very expensive for what you get considering on those 3 blocks of rainbow there is cane's, Popeye's, albertsons, el pollo loco, and the worst church's. Now I know why its called Church's because you have to pray you don't get sick.
4	Came through the drive-thru for a quick fix-me-up. I got two pieces of chicken, and they are the best two pieces of fried chicken I have ever had. This place beats KFC, Max's, and Popeye's.Only kicker is that it costs a little more!
4	I really don't know whats with the low ratings!Church's is great! I love this one girl that works at the cash register. She is always smiling and is always so cheerful! The chicken here always comes out piping hot and juicy. In fact, everything that comes out of here just seems like it was made fresh for you! Doesn't feel like it's been sitting under a hot lamp for hours. Chicken skin is crispy, mashed potatoes with gravy is to die for, biscuits are fresh out of the oven, and the apple pie tastes like it came out of your grandmother's oven. Another big plus is the low price *cough* cheaper than KFC. They always seem to have a deal going on which I definitely appreciate.
2	There is no possible way that their chicken is better than Popeye's....or even KFC.  They once were contenders in my book before, but Church's fell waaaaaaaaaay off.  Too much grease on the inside of the pieces...even came across some fat blobs...not appealing at all.  In addition to this, the chicken pieces were cold - like they didn't get cooked all the way.Biscuits and bombers were good while they were hot - great to snack on during the drive home.  That was about it.I'm pretty sure I won't be coming back here again - at least not for chicken.
3	It has been awhile since I last had fried chicken.  As a matter of fact I haven't even tried Church's chicken either.  Picked some up today because my mother in law had a request some chicken for dinner.  Came to this location since it was the closest to home.  As I recall, fried chicken, generally speaking of the main stream ones, are expensive.  I picked up a family meal of 15 pcs with 3 sides and bread rolls for $25.  Honestly, wouldn't come back to pay that much because I can get much better tasting meals at that price, but just fulfilling a request today.Satisfactory customer service at this location.  Chicken-dark meat was crispy and hot when I got home, bread I must say was tastiest compared to other competitors, mash and cole slaw isn't nothing out of this world.  Was just too expensive for fried chicken.
1	I'm from Texas and I love fried chicken...I even have a peculiar affinity for Smith's fried chicken(just dry enough to accept lots of hot sauce.)Soooo I go through drive through at 8PM and make a couple standard requests... okra?  fries? neither are available...and I finally ask what do you have.Answer=nothing fried because we turned the fryers off because it's late in the day.Obvious response=then how do you have fried chicken.Answer=we made it earlier.Obvious response=how much earlier.Answer=after a long pause...10 minutes.Obvious response=riiiiight...no thanks.WoW!!!  This place just opened.  I expected so much more....like fried food.  Call me crazy.
4	Its new and Its good.
1	Stick with Popeye's. I ordered fried okras and the quality was not that great. I thought I was chewing on gum. The chicken had tons of fatty parts.
3	I love The Church! This is the only chicken spot of the big three that does not give me bubble gut itus. There has to be something in the batter with Popeyes and the colonel that has me wishing for death soon after eating their chicken. Church's so far has been friendly with my bowels. Fantastik!!!I love their chicken, but I am forced to endure the constant disappointment with the service at this Church's Chicken.  It must have been a chore for the chicken technician to get some hot sauce the couple of times I asked for it.  Today I got my regular 2 piece and a biscuit w/ HOT SAUCE... I hurry home with the thoughts of Church's Chicken being devoured by my being with the essence of Louisiana hot sauce being inhaled through my nostrils. SHE THREW IN KETCHUP!!! CHEESE 'N RICE!!!
3	Like every Ben Stiller movie I have ever seen, this Church's Chicken is predictable in every way, not the slightest bit creative or imaginative, almost completely untalented, and almost painful to watch every...single...time.I like this place for these reasons (which have more to do with the corporate franchise):LocationPriceProductWi-FiI dislike this place for these reasons (which you might imagine as I have that has more to do with the franchise operator)Long wait lines in Drive ThruAll personnel (including management) need better training.One out of three times my order is wrong.I added extra stars because I see a genuine desire by everyone at this place to work as hard as they are capable...but there just seems to be some kind of cultural disconnect here...like not a single person working here has ever eaten Church's Fried Chicken a day in their life, let alone run a Church's Chicken Franchise.One recent example: Good advertising on television and banner media visible from the street retails a Fish and Fries special for $4.59 +$1 for Cole Slaw. At the drive thru, I had to +convince+ the cashier what I was trying to order...and the order was still wrong.Is the cashier untrained? Probably not. Is she unfriendly? No. But I imagine the management needs to spend more creative energy to make specials more...ooh I don't know... CLEAR to employees?On another occasion, although my order was correct, I had no condiments included despite asking for them. Really? Ten minutes in the drive thru EvERy time...and no condiments. Really...what are you doing?In summary, I like this place, and there are rough spots. Nobody here has an unsteady energy flow, and everyone seems nice. I am almost certain this franchise will get better in time because there seems to be a genuine interest by all who I've come into contact with to do what seems natural.Practice makes perfect.
1	Simply put, I will not be going back to this location. They are set on charging customers more than they should for food and drink.Basically the issue comes to an advertised special that I ordered. Drinks were a certain addition more. That would be fine, but when upgrading the drink from the special, they insist on charging that amount plus. All other restaurants, including fast food places I have visited charge a certain amount for their medium size for instance, and then the difference for the upgraded drink. Charging the difference only is the method in which all other restaurants work, but not this Church's Chicken.I tried discussing this with the person at check out and she didn't want to assist. When the manager came in, he was directed to visit my table and not at my request. He asked if he could sit at my table, I said no thanks and he sat down anyway. After he kept going over the same point that Church's Chicken policy is to charge the promotional price on top of a fully priced drink, I decided it was time to collect my tray, toss out the refuse and leave.The last words I heard from him were, "have a nice life." Wow, that's A+ customer service. At no time did I ask for a refund or a voucher for a future visit. If this is a company policy, then it should be changed. Customers would appreciate it.
4	I love fried chicken! I'm not from the south. From Hawaii in fact, but I love fried chicken. It's my favorite comfort food. It hits the spot when I can't think of something I'm craving. Nothing beats home cooked but...I grew up on KFC. Then moving to the mainland, I discovered Church's and I am home. It's a quick fix but a delicious one at that. It's perfectly crispy and the meat is moist and juicy. Not salty like others out there. And the biscuits! Oh my goodness the biscuits. Now KFC has theirs but Church's biscuits are memorable! Glazed with butter and honey, it's a heart attack meal waiting to happen. But if you keep it an occasional visit, you're fine.  Their chicken strips are also good. I'm not a fan of them in general but if it's from Church's, it's getting in my belly.I like to bring home the meal, cook up a pot of rice and feast. Am I Asian or what?! ;)
2	This location is not as good as the other ones. I feel like their employees aren't thoroughly trained or something because every time I come here there's always an issue with orders. & one time they gave me this gross chicken strip which was not fried all the way and was still pink and well, lets just say it didnt look like a chicken strip at all. I love Church's on Spring Mountain, I've never had a problem with that one. I think I'll just stick that location.
2	I come here because I'm a fan of this chain and because it's the nearest Church's near my house.  The place is fairly clean as it's fairly new.   Last time I came though they were advertising a family meal with 2 large sides for $10.99 right upfront streetside of the establishment and unbeknownst to me charged my card $11.99 a day before they changed the price the following day.  Strike one.  Then I go to order and tell the guy I want all spicy, he tells me he only has half my order for the spicy I was like don't worry I'll wait, I want all spicy.  Waited a good 8-10 minutes he tells me okay you're good to go.  Surprise I get home and half is regular.  Like W-T-F you make me wait and still give me what you wanted.  Strike two.  I'll update qt a later day in cqse I go back, their sweet tea tends to draw me in.  Hope I'm not in for strike three.
1	I hope you have a lot of time to spare because the service at this place is the slowest I have ever seen.   Lots of people complaining about cold food and wrong orders.  I won't be coming back.
1	We went through the drive-thru.  We ordered a 3 pc leg/thigh meal with sides and a 3 pc tenders meal with sides.  The guy asked if he can put them all in one box?  Wth???  We said no because the other order was for our kids who were going to eat it in the backseat.  Before we leave, we always check our orders.  Everything was right except the guy already closed his window and walked away.  We waited in the car for a while thinking he was getting us what we're missing.  Nope, he never came back.  My husband had to knock on the window several times to get their attention.  They didn't give us any napkins.  No utensils even though we have mashed potatoes in our order.  No sauces were offered at all.  Omg!!!When the same man came back to the window he was so rude!!!  He was a middle aged middle eastern man.  I can't believe how bad of a service we got here. No wonder there are never customers!!!!!!
3	Was passing through the area on a Thursday night and was looking for some dinner. Saw this Church's chicken and decided to stop, mainly because it looked newer than other Church's locations in town. This is my first experience with a Church's in Vegas, and it was actually pretty good. The only negative came while I was trying to place my order. There was a couple people in front of me, but when it was my turn at the counter, the manager stepped away to help fill some orders while asking me to wait a few min..this was kind of awkward since I was just standing there watching him...Once he was done, my order was taken, I filled my drink cup and sat down. Despite the line, my order came out fairly quickly and everything was piping hot and fresh. So hot I might add that I felt like I was buring my fingers when breaking apart pieces of chicken. We had a 10 piece with mac and cheese and jalapeno bombers. The chicken was crispy and juicy, and not overcooked like Smith's. The mac and cheese was good and the jalapeno bombers had a little kick to it, which surprised me as well. All in all it was a good experience and I would come back if in the area again.
1	So I pull up to the drive thru at 9:56pm, they close at 10:30pm. The middle eastern or Indian guy says he has no more chicken and itll take 15 minutes to make more. I said OK ill wait. Let me get a 3 piece chicken, then cuts me off and says I cant turn on my fryer for a 3 pc, u have to get a 10 peice. WHAT? they r supposed to be open for another 34 mins! He then offers me a soda "on the house" so I asked for a large diet and he says No, I was going to give you a small soda. Then gives me a kids cup or free water cup of diet coke! THIS IS THE WORST church's chicken ive ever been to.
1	I put an order in advance over the phone with owner requesting that the chicken be well-done.Instead chicken was under cooked and he refused to replace the chicken saying that next time he'll cook it well done, lmao.Never going back... They'll let anybody open up a business in this country, or is Church's just desperate...
1	Run- do not eat hereSeveral hours after eating here-I got sick.  From both ends.  This place needs to be shut done.  The owner was an ass - he has problems with either women or Americans. Sad part he tired to tell me what I should order.   The chicken had no season what so ever.
1	Will never go back.  I had a High School discount card I bought from my nephew and tried to use it there for a BOGO combo offer and the guy at the drive-in window said they don't accept those.  I said, "It says it's good at ALL Las Vegas locations??"  to which I hear in the background from the rude manager, "We don't do that!"  He wouldn't even come to the window to tell me directly!  I should have drove off, but Nooooo... I waited about 10-15 minutes at the window for my food, with cars behind me honking their horns!  Finally get home and NO SAUCE!  And the food isn't that great either.  Just makes me love Cane's that much more!
2	I was a fan of Churches chicken till I came to this location. Oh where do I begin. First they no longer have the popcorn chicken my kids liked so I ordered them 3 ( remember that number for later) chicken tenders. I ordered the 3 (not yet) piece meal all dark meat. I got our cups and got drinks for my kids. I wanted ice tea but the dispenser on the counter was empty. The person working the counter said he would fill my cup for me but his dispenser was almost empty. As we waited other customers came in and ordered. All of us were sitting around waiting for them to cook the food nothing was ready. When we got our food my kids 3 (ok now) piece tenders turned into 4 and my all dark meat meal had a breast in it. People who were going through the drive in were now coming inside to find out where there orders were. I went to get a refill on my ice tea but they were out.
1	It was so bad experience!! i dont want to give 1 star if i could!  I went there around 9:05 the main hall door was closed. So i checked open hour but it suppose to open til 10 but they closed their hall and operate only drive thru.. it was ok until that timeHowever i tried to order spicy chicken abd original chicken half and half but they said I cannot order spicy chicken . At first i thought maybe it came too late that spicy chicken was sold out but later i found out that i cannot order it because it took 20-30 minutes cook. I went there because of the Spicy chicken and i could wait about 1 hour to get it.but they just told me absolute NO! This location staff was not friendly at all!!!! If you want to go Churches chicken then PLEASE go other place
1	I just today visited this location and disliked the customer service.Usually when I'm here the customer service is fair with little or low expectation.  Today was the last time I'll ever come to this specific location again.  After being misheard 4 times in the drive through (very little traffic behind me mind you) the person taking my order finally gets it right.  When I reach the window he reviews my order again and STILL has it wrong (I am grateful that he checked).  I asked for his name and a customer service satisfaction number completed my transaction then parked in the lot.  The number didn't go into an answering machine it simply went into a fax machine.Nonetheless I took the corporate number and have complained.My meal was fine but the experience here is ABSOLUTELY UNACCEPTABLE!Be cautioned when coming to this restaurant.
1	The management is rude. If you dare to complain about over cooked food they will yell at you and tell you that you are in the wrong. I'm never going back to this location. To bad they gave a bad name for Church's Chicken.
1	Management is soooo poor!!! I ask for ONE plate, manager have to ask me 20 questions!!! Why do you need a plate??? Seriously, I need a plate for my chicken and sauce!!! Staff were nice!!! But the management is sooo cheap!!! I ask for ketchup and hot sauce, he gave me 5 hot sauce. I ask where is the ketchup, he took 3 hot sauce away and have me 4 ketchup!!! I said I need more hot sauce. He replied you already have hot sauce there....seriously!!!! I gave him back 2 ketchup, he have me 2 hot sauce back!!!! Omg!!! Why do I have to barter condiment at a fast food place!!! I never heard of bartering condiment before at any place, seriously management.....STOP BEING SO CHEAP!!!
1	I should have read the reviews before going to this location. I drive up and down rainbow 7 days a week and finally today I happen to be with the family and decided to give this location one more time as my wife had gone about 6 months ago. I told her and the kids that I would try this place one last time. The previous time there was too much grease inside.So we ended up purchasing the $12.99 special (10 piece chicken and 2 sides) The Indian looking guy upgraded us to the biscuits which my kids say are great. I think there business is on the rocks because it seems that he penny pinches everywhere he can. Well, they saved a good 2 cents on putting the biscuits in the same box as the chicken. I'm sure you can guess what happened by the time we got home. Yes, they biscuits came out soggy. All for 2 cents? Then I opened the sides. The mashed potatoes were mixed with the gravy. I don't know if this is procedure but guess who didn't get any gravy?Then I opened the Cajun rice. Not only did he save another 2 cents because it was half full. But the rice we did get was very, very soggy. My wife took a picture of this and said he was going to show it to the owner tomorrow. I told her to be careful because after reading these reviews, he might throw something at her or cuss her out.Now I know after driving up and down on Rainbow Blvd. why they don't have any customers. Churchs chicken I'm sure is great, but not this location.BTW I forgot to mention the owner saved another 2 cents by not giving us any napkins.The moral of the story: don't forget to check your order before you leave and ask for your condiments and napkins!!NEVER going back. BTW they have a now hiring sign out front.??? Beware future employees. Make sure to check your hours when you get your paycheck!!
1	No rating preferably but it doesn't give me that option. This place sucks! I would want this place shut down and have another food joint replace it. The wait is ridiculously long. Worser than any another fast food place I've ever had to wait for. Whats the point of having a fast food joint if your not doing the job right quickly. Gtfo!
1	What a joke. I went there after receiving a coupon in the mail. After waiting at the drive through window for 8 minutes the dumb Filipino lady finally asked me what I want and her accent was so strong I didn't even understand what she was saying. After ordering I proceeding through the drive-through line. After waiting another five minutes the dumb Filipino lady opened the window and told me they were out of chicken that it would be about 20 minutes until the chicken was ready.
2	Longest wait evvvverrrr. Seriously. So so long. The chicken is okay but sometimes it's undercooked.
3	They get a bad rep for being slow.... It's true. Although, you need to take into account that:1. Drive thru line is long bc of the cheap deals2. Bunch of the workers are HS or college kids. Who does not give a... 3. I went inside to get my chicken- saw 3 workers (1 I believe is the mgr). 3 workers manning the dinner rush?! Crazy.... Meh, whateva... Ppl love to rant and complain, everyone likes to be pampered, everyone is in a rush to nowhere. lolDespite that fact- you can't knock the super cheap price for decent fried chicken. It's not better than Popeyes but I rather have Church's lightly battered chicken than KFC's more expensive and heavily battered chicken.Tip: reheat in your toaster oven for a bit once you get home. Just wait for it! It'll be worth it. That crispy bite (!) and the waffles will be nice and toasty too! It's not roscoes but hey! It's not bad! Don't knock it til you try it!
1	Isn't this supposed to  be a  fast food place?  First off it says that  you open at 10:30am not 10:40am. When I  went in they didn't  have  everything  ready like they should have. How hard is it working in a fast food restaurant?
1	Wtf!!! Where my biscuit??? Cheap owner n cheap freaking shit head!!! I'm pissassssssssssssssssssssssssjsjjsjshdhdhshsbsbbshshsbsbsbdndndj
