5	Daisy Mountain coffee roasters opened a new coffee house in the Tramonto marketplace and it is awesome!  It is locally owned and operated by a family that has a passion for coffee.  They use an in-house roaster which master roaster Al, the owner, uses to create different blends of coffee.  They are all great!  They also serve breakfast and lunch with plenty of good eats to choose from.  They also have teas, smoothies and other drink options as well.  It's a great new coffee house especially for the neighborhood area.  I hope to see you there someday soon.
5	Food is good and love the ordering process. Employees are so nice! Love the organic choices. I think about going here everyday!
5	So glad that Daisy Mountain Coffee came to  town. The staff is always awesome, and the coffee is delicious. :-)
5	I don't even care for sweets and I am ABSOLUTELY ADDICTED to the Oatmeal Cookies. Americana is awesome too and the Baristas know what they are doing! Can I get a free extra punch for this review! LOL! I'm addicted to getting my punches too! NEVER got coffee so much in my life! Fair price, too!
5	We stopped in here during our recent trip to Phoenix visiting family. Being from California, we are huge Peet's coffee fans and if your local to North County San Diego, Lofty Coffee (best coffee in SD) fans. We go out of our way to frequent either of them when we are looking to get our fix. The two gals that were working on this Sunday morning were really sweet and thankfully, they just had a huge rush so we were the only ones in line. They took their time to tell us about their coffee and how they roast their organic coffee beans etc. It showed they really cared about their job and the art of making coffee. We really appreciated that and it was very cool to see.My husband got a 2% latte and since I'm prego, I got a small skim decaf latte just to sip as I was slowly weaning myself off of coffee at the time. My husband absolutely loved his latte and because I was just sipping, he ended up taking mine too.He never does that because I always do skim milk and he says skim milk makes the coffee taste watered down so I was surprised.  Luckily I got a few sips in before it was stolen but we were not only happy with our drinks, we were thrilled with the service we received.We've since told our Auntie and Uncle who live around the corner from this coffee shop to give this place a try--and they've come to love it too. They're still Starbucks loyalists but hopefully they'll see the light soon. ; )When we're in town visiting family again, we will definitely be coming back.
