5	I love getting my hair done by Danielle.  It used to take my old stylist at least 4 hours what she gets done in 1!  She always has very beautiful and creative ideas for a new do when I am stumped.  I recommend her to all my friends!
5	Danielle is FABOLOUS! Very warm and inviting but most of all she takes the time to get to know you and YOUR hair. She is not a cookie-cutter stylist...she knows what she's doing.
5	Wow! What a difference it makes to have someone who understands your hair, styling it! I finally decided to research and find someone who specializes in curly hair. I was attending a wedding in Vegas and needed it cut. After a lot of research (and finding no one in my area, Northern CA) I came across Danielle and all of the wonderful yelp reviews. Now my hair is amazing! I'm once again proud to have curly hair rather than pulling it back. She did so amazing she actually accentuated the shape of my face and head, and I feel beautiful again! Needless to say I will be traveling back to Henderson every 8 to 10 weeks. Thank you SOOOOOOO much Danielle!
5	Danielle is literally the stylist of my dreams. I started growing my natural kinks and curls out  almost 15 years ago. This was at a time (and place) where not having perfectly pressed and flowing hair was akin to wearing underwear outside your clothes. Throughout the years I struggled with finding a hair salon where my hair wouldn't be criticized or seen as a political statement. I finally heard about Danielle through the web page naturally curly and even though the reviews were glowing, I was still wary because of previous experiences at other salons. However, from the minute I stepped into her salon she put me at ease with her compassion and humor. I felt like I could trust her, so I told her to shape and style my hair how she saw fit. Just 20 minutes later I had the hair I had always wanted.She has never tried to convince me to relax my hair, and I love her for that.  Somehow she understands what I like and helps me achieve my own personal look.  I live in North Las Vegas, but happily drive 40 minutes for an appointment with Danielle. I hope she never leaves the area, but I'm positive that I would drive at least a couple of hours to have her do my hair.
4	Danielle Green is a consummate professional.She sincerely cares about her clients and her craft. That is to be respected.The only reason I cannot give a five stars is because I had to go back within a week to get some fixing to the initial cut done.  She was very understanding and accomodating of my OCD preferences, and I appreciate her patience.She is a pro-curl hairstylist. She has naturally curly hair, so she can and does empathize what it is have curly hair in a world obsessed with straight hair.  Viva the Curl Revolution!
5	I am in LOVE with my new haircut.  I just HAVE to rave about it.  I visited Danielle today.  I am recovering from a terrible haircut and, due to hormonal changes, my hair's texture has changed drastically in the last couple of years.  To say that I have been exasperated with my hair would be a definite understatement.  When I found Danielle on Yelp, I booked an appointment as soon as I could.  I'm so glad I did!Danielle took her time to listen to my concerns and hair woes.  She carefully explained what needed to be done to achieve the volume and curl I wanted without cutting a ton of length (I'm getting married soon and I don't really want to end up with a short, round haircut).  Then, a few magic snips later, I was transformed and my hair was (probably for the first time in my life) EXACTLY what I wanted.  I keep looking in the mirror and admiring her work.  I feel like a hot mama!Oh, and I booked Danielle for my wedding.  I just know she will make me a gorgeous, curly-headed bride!  Highly recommended.
1	I was very disappointed with my hair cut, and the overall experience. I had an appointed but when i got there, it seemed like no one knew, I had to sit out in the hall while she finished someone's hair.  According to their website,  this takes 60 minutes. However my haircut was less than 10 minutes. I have fine curly hair, she kept running her comb and fingers through it dry, and it kept frizzing up. she cut it, then had her assistant wet my hair and condition it. then diffuse it, once again, fingers were being run through my hair making it frizzy. I tried explaining I didn't want it cut short because I naturally dry my hair at home and it gets very curly and would be extremely short.  Once again my stylist asked if I wanted to cut off more or leave it where it is. at that point, I said I hated my hair. I have had terrible experiences with past "curly hair experts" and I expressed my concern to her, she then noticed she needed to cut some pieces on the back of my hair that she missed the first time.  I told her I didn't want a short boy cut, I don't look good like that. And my worry was because my hair was cut right above my shoulders and that I would get home and it would curl up short.She said she would not cut my hair anymore  until I went home and thought about it and then come back in a week to decide. She felt I would have a melt down/  panic attack if she cut it shorter  than she already did.  I did not have my hair styled and i left with it look like a big frizzy poof. I kept asking for her professional opinion and what to do to be able to grow it out while cutting off the dead hair.  Another thing I noticed was that she was processing another clients hair while, also doing my hair, I think that if a client has a time slot for their hair, it should be only for their hair. I am now home, and yes, my hair has curled up very much and is short.I just wanted a style, a cut. I even showed her a picture of a style, but I guess that didn't mean anything.  I am sure she does other people's hair nice, I have read reviews, however this was my experience. A poor one.
5	Danielle is wonderful! I've never had a good cut of my curly hair. I usually feel that I  have stylist who does battle with my hair, blows dries is straight in a style I will never be able to do myself. Danielle never tries to sell you on products or her services. She is  honest and the most knowledgeable about curly hair I've ever gone to. She gets my highest rating of any stylist I've every gone too!
5	Danielle and the team at Hair Artisans is SOOOOOOO awesome.I went to see them yesterday with the intention of cutting my hair off and making it short and curly again but walked out with lighter blond hair blown out straight. go figure :-) but it looks awesome and I have a new hairstylist now. I had an awesome experience yesterday with Danielle and Alexa along with meeting some of her other long time clients that were there as well. Super knowledgeable, no pressure to do anything you don't want to do she completely understands how some folks can be really attached to their hair and be in a bind for needing a change. I am going to be changing the color progressively I believe over a period of time and for now it looks like we will be keeping the length ... I would highly recommend Danielle for all services. Shes courteous and professional and shes reasonable and willing to work with even the most difficult clients - even when they don't seem to realize how difficult they are being :-)More updates soon.
5	I made a last-minute decision to get a blowout the night of my husband and I's 10th anniversary.  I looked on Groupon and lo and behold, Hair Artisans had a $19 blowout special.  I've always said that if I win the lottery, it won't be a maid and a cook I'll be hiring, it will be someone to do my hair each morning.Anyway - I got in with Alexa, who is sweet, accommodating, and all around a nice girl.  She asked me what I wanted, I told her it was my anniversary and we were going to dinner and a show.  She got to work.  45 minutes later, I walked out of there like I owned the world!  My husband loved it, I got several compliments on it, and it lasted for almost three days!  Danielle is also very sweet, and very knowledgeable about curly hair (oh - and her hair rocks!)  If you need a blowout, or color, or cut, or you want someone to just be nice to you while you're getting a cut, go see these ladies!!
5	I don't usually write reviews but I thought Danielle and her Assistant were just great.  I just moved to the area and took a chance on Hair Artisans based on the reviews and I was very happy with my hair and the quality of attention and service I received.  I highly recommend Danielle and will definitely be back again and again.
5	Happy doesn't even begin how I feel!I just moved to Nevada and I needed help with my natural hair.I made an appointment for a hair consultation and I was nervous. My appointment was with Danielle who also has natural hair. When I sat in her chair we talked honestly about my hair concerns and she listened to what I wanted. I needed my hair to have a style and Danielle gave me that. I was worried about having my curls cut because I've never seen anyone cut my hair curly. But Danielle took her time and explained the reason for my cut and that I would be happy. Needless to say I was in HEAVEN! She gave my fro a cut shape and I couldn't be happier. She even waxed my eyebrows! Fabulously too! Will I be coming back? Of course! If you're a natural woman like myself you NEED to see Danielle. I will be going back for my waxing and I will be coloring my hair.
4	Pros: Excellent cuts, blow outs and color for all hair textures!!  Friendly service. Clean, professional atmosphere and good location.Cons: Styling options for kinkier curls leave much to be desired!
5	Moved to Vegas last April, and I've been more than scared to let anyone touch my naturally curly hair in fear that I'd end up bald or worse. After much research and a leap of faith, I've got to say that I'm extremely pleased with the service I received at Hair Artisans. I was in Danielle's chair just seconds after my actual appointment time, which is next to impossible anywhere else on a Saturday afternoon. Danielle is as pleasant as they come and asked a thorough series of questions to make sure she was giving me just the right treatments. She worked quickly, and before I knew it, I had an immaculate cut, color and blow-out. A tad bit on the pricey side, but certainly to be expected when dealing with one of the only true specialists in town. I'll definitely be returning for the all-star service. =+)
5	So it has been a few months now, and I'm addicted to these ladies. They spoil me with their talent, empower me with their knowledge, and give me such positive energy and love. I started out with Danielle but I have transitioned to being a regular with Alexa. She's been amazing with the transition of my color from the dark brown to the blonde it is today. She has had an amazing mentor and we have a great connection with one another. I feel very confident in her abilities as I get to see her in action every time we have an appointment with my hair or others. She has done some amazing braids and I look forward to challenging her on an updo recreate here in the near future. I would recommend Alexa for any of your hair challenges or desires, for sure.Now as a side note, if you have heard anything about Roda+Fields you will want to talk to Danielle about it. I just started with this regimen and I don't think I have ever gotten so many compliments on my skin. looking forward to expanding into the micro-dermabrasion wand.
5	What can I say- how I love Hair Artisans! I booked Hair Artisans- particularly Alexa- to style my hair and my bridesmaid's hair for my wedding. All I can say- Alexa made my every dream come true! I did a lot of research online for a hair salon in Vegas who could work with my very curly hair while also doing my other bridesmaid's hair- which ranges from curly to straight- and Hair Artisans was the answer! When I called and spoke with Alexa, she immediately put me at ease and I completely trusted her as she understood the vision I was trying to achieve on my big day. When I met Alexa, I instantly felt comfortable and seriously, she made my every wish come true. Not only did my hair look amazing, all of my bridesmaids looked stunning, too! And get this- myself nor none of my bridesmaids had ever met Alexa (we all live in other parts of teh country) and Alexa was amazing! She was able to execute each of our hair styles perfectly!!! I could go on forever about how much I love Alexa and Hair Artisans- you will, too! Book them now!!!
5	Amazing!!! I went to Alexa after a coworker referred me to this salon, and with my naturally curly locks, I was excited. I walked out feeling like a supermodel. She did such an amazing job. I'm never going elsewhere. And I will be giving her card to anyone who is looking for a great place to get their hair done. Plus everyone was so nice and friendly. Like sisters. Such a great experience. :)
5	I just moved here in January, and was worried about letting a new hair stylist highlight my hair. Ive been with the same one for about 10 years. I did my research and thankfully found Hair Artisans. Danielle was my first point of contact. She was very attentive, talking with me first about my concerns and wishes, and then linked me up with Candace, who is knowledgeable about fine hair. Candace was such a sweetheart, and was also a very professional and attentive stylist who first consulted with me about what I wanted. My highlight color turned out perfect (very natural looking, just how I like it), and I am IN LOVE with my new cut! I will definitely be back.
5	FINALLY! A hair stylist that cares and knows what she is doing! I have been in search for a good stylist in Vegas who will take the time to listen to my hair complaints and fulfill my request for full highlights rather than talking me out of it so they can make an appointment with friends or finish their day.  I booked with Alexa and she was on time, genuinely caring and has superb highlighting and styling skills.  I have found a home for my hair and will never be searching the stylist pool in Henderson/Vegas again.  I strongly recommend this place!  Another bonus is that you can make your reservations/appointments online!
5	There are few that I let indulge in my hair. With frustration looming like a dark malevolent cloud as I pondered what to do next withy hair I was referred to Hair Artisans and Danielle G. After reviewing their website I took a leap of faith and left a message requesting a consultation. Although it was after hours my call was returned within twenty minutes. Danielle took time to give me an I depth consultation on the phone and scheduled me for a consult the next morning with Briahna. Briahna not only answered my questions but actually taught me how to maintain my hair until I'm ready to return. These artisans are angels!!!Indulge your hair and your spirit you will not regret it!
5	My daughter and I recently visited Hair Artisans for curly makeovers.  Briahna did a fabulous job and we have never had such an awesome hair experience!!  Thats right, experience.  Briahna took her time finding out from us what we wanted and then used her expertise to give us each exactly that!  Thank you Briahna!  We will definately be back
1	A year ago this month I was the unlucky person that received the worst haircut of my life from Danielle G. I read so many good reviews and I was convinced to try the curly hair specialist. Danielle is so sweet and professional, she made me feel very comfortable with her. I thought this is it, I will never leave her! I sat down and we looked at my hair for a 5 minutes. I have long, thin curly hair and I was looking for more volume near the top. She took a pair of scissors and cut about 5 inches off just above my ears, almost like a bowl cut. She styled it there so after all the products it looked ok when I walked out. The next day at home it looked like a mushroom with long legs. I called her and expressed to her that it looked like a mullet. She was so pleasant and said please come in and we will fix it. She agreed with me on the mullet part. She had to cut the long pieces but the damage was done, I ended up with a shorter haircut and it still looked a little off. I spent most of 2013 depressed because my long curly hair was my thing. Yes I sound dramatic but it really changed my look. Having a round face with chubby cheeks it made my face look bigger. One year later I went back to my old stylist and apologized for leaving in the first place. I'm not saying to stay away from Danielle because according to her reviews she does good work. Just take your time discussing what you are looking for and ask as many questions as you need before she picks up those scissors.
5	I have natural type 4a/4b hair. I got a silk press from Danielle and another young lady assisted her. My experience was very good. The salon is cute and quaint. They are nice and professional. Seem to be well educated and experienced with natural hair. Making an appointment online was easy and they were ready for me when I arrived. I cringed a bit when the stylist was washing and conditioning my hair with all of her rings still on but my hair turned out great. Silky, shiny, super sleek and straight, feather light and looked super healthy blowing in the wind. With an add on and a tip it is actually pretty pricy for a style I only wore for a few days but that won't stop me from going back.
5	Alexa Coury has been doing my hair now for the past year and she is great! Not only is she personable and bubbly but she is great at what she does. I have never had an issue with my cut or color from Alexa. Went in last evening to darken my ombre and it turned out perfect. Ombre's are not easy to do but she is great at them and knows which colors are suitable to your taste. Danielle has been a great mentor for Alexa and she has become so confident in her work and she keeps getting better. I highly recommend her for anyone!
5	Just to moved to Green Valley Ranch from So Cal... checked out salons on yelp and made an appt at Hair Artisans with Alexa. She was very attentive to my needs and concerns, she set up a plan to get my hair back in shape and she really cared! Alexa and Hair Artisans is awesome, it's no wonder they are so popular. Very professional, but very casual environment. Nice, clean and warm feeling. I know I have found my new stylist for my new home and am excited! Highly recommend Alexa and Hair Artisans! Thank you!
5	I am over the moon happy to have found Danielle!  I've done some damage to my hair with hair extensions and styling.  I have been doing  a ton of research to get my hair back on track.  I like my past stylist, but really didn't feel like she understood my hair and would help me with my hair goals.  I made an appt. online which was super easy and I love!  I brought all of my hair products with me since I was going in for a consultation.  Danielle really took the time to review everything with me.  She gave me the advice, confirmation, and recommendations I needed.  I really want to grow my curly hair long, but the bottom three inches were dry, damaged, and stringy.  She gave me my first dry cut and it really looks amazing.  My curls are more beautiful than they have been in years.  My hair looks healthy.  I'm so happy to have found Danielle on Naturally Curly.  If it wasn't for that website I would have never found her since all of my friends are straight hair girls.  Thank you Danielle!
5	This is my 1st review ever! I couldn't pass up the chance to let everyone know how exceptional Danielle was during our curly kids cut appt. Danielle explained everything in detail and even suggested the products I should use for my daughter Kenedee's hair. We will definitely be returning to Danielle from now until forever....
5	Briahna was by far the best person I been to to cut my curly hair. She listened and communicated everything she did and used and I love it!!! She is my curly hair stylist from now on!!! Love you girl - Katrina
4	I booked an appointment with Briahna for a curly cut and i loved it! It was my first time getting a curly cut and it is so convenient, I was in and out. It was great not having to get my hair blow dryed just to trim it. The stylists here are friendly and super knowledgeable.
5	It's so hard to find a good quality stylist that won't butcher your hair.  I was browsing on Yelp for different stylists in my area bout a year ago, and I found Hair Artisans.  I'm really glad I decided to give them a shot, because Danielle is amazing!  Super sweet, and will always give you exactly what you want/need. I know she specializes in fixing up curly hair, but I've got long, wavy black hair, and she cuts and styles me just right.  She even helped me out with some color correcting a few months ago! (I'll post some pictures)  Best way to make an appointment is through hairartisans.net.  I think when I first started going to them, I tried making a phone call, and no one answered.  I mean, there's no receptionist or anything, so it's probably difficult to answer a phone while styling hair lolI read another review that said it was somewhat difficult to find?  They're located at the District in Green Valley.  Yeah, the Sola Salon set up is kinda maze-like, but they're the first studio on the left side when you come in from the parking lot (by The Cheesecake Factory parking lot), so you really don't have to go through the maze unless you're going to the restroom... which I did one time, and almost didn't find my way back lol.  The studio itself is kinda small... cozy.  She's always got the jams playing ;) There's three chairs and one washbowl.  So pretty much at any given time, there will be 3 appointments going on.  I haven't been to the other stylists, but I've seen a little bit of what they've done.  Their clients have always turned out pretty great.  With payment, I've always used my credit card.  I think they use the Square App to charge, and you can have your receipt texted or emailed to you.  Give them a shot!  You won't be disappointed!  Oh and FYI! I think they've changed their name to Radically Curly.  Check their Instagram out for pictures of their work!
