3	This place was ok.Not great, and not bad because of their cheap drinks and Happy Hour 7 days a week!  That is always a bonus.  2-7 or 2-6 not sure.  The sign on the front door says 2-7, but their menus inside state 2-6?  $3 drinks$4 apps$2 domestic pints$3 large drafts (large)$3 import pints$4 large (large)  except for Guiness, which everybody failed to tell me.  I even specifically asked about the imports, and nobody said "except Guiness"I had the spin/artichoke dip, and it was good for $4, not the best ever, but decent.The service at the bar was very bad.  the 3 girls behind the bar didn't pay any attention too us, we were sitting at the bar!They do not have any tv's on their smoking patio, but at least they have a smoking patio with sound.  They have lots of really nice big flat screen tv's.Nice enough place, but bad service, great drinks/tv's.That was my first time there on Sunday, so things were busy for football, and I don't know how new the bartenders were, but I've bartended before, and I go to bars alot, and maybe I just can't stress how out of it these girls were.Oh, and they have a bloody mary bar on Sunday mornings/afternoon with $3 Smirnoff, but by the time we got there (3pm) all the condiments had been raveged, and the only mixer they have is Clamato?  (Lame)Good enough place to go watch sports games.  I will def go there again, and update if things change.Their website notes all the daily specials and Happy Hour info, but they don't have a way to contact them on their site, as I was going to let them know of the poor service I received.
4	I was driving home and thinking hey, it's Friday, it's afternoon and it's a holiday weekend - where can I go? The Yelp mobile app said Fat Willy's was close by and like Toucan Sam, I followed my nose...or at least my iPhone.The bar had plenty of spacing and I was impressed with the layout when I entered. The bar had several seats and there were multiple televisions directly behind the bar as well as each side. There were a few guys at the bar, just hanging out with a friend or two and enjoying a few brews and sports. They all seemed to know the place and it was a good atmosphere. The bartender was cool and asked me what I wanted to drink, as well as ran down the happy hour prices. $4 for a large beer sounded good. I went with the Coastal Wheat. The glass was a monster - I asked a lady there how big the classes were and she said 25 oz - but I swear it was bigger (guys always think it's bigger)....But I digress...$4 for the monster beer and $4 for a 10 piece wings. I ordered the 'hot" and to be honest, it wasn't that hot. They had a good flavor and came with blue cheese...After I nearly completed my second beer I decided to visit the men's room. When I turned around, I was again surprised. I thought it was just the bar and the room, and that the restroom was around the corner - no - there was a long hallway with more seating, and I noticed outdoor seating. I finally made it to the bathroom - Hello, Elvis on the door. When I returned, I asked what the draught beer on the end was - the bartender indicated it was a yet to be named amber beer. He said a contest will be had to name it and offered a taste in the cutest little mug. I tasted it and well, it didn't blow my skirt up. I would name it ho-hum, but that's just me. This time I went cheap and hit the $3 Miller Lite in the same 25oz mug. Nice!All in all, it was a good adventure to Fat Willy's - and what a name :-) This would definitely be a place I would be a repeat offender at if I lived closer. Tons of space and televisions, good happy hour prices and a nice, attentative wait staff.
5	I love this place. Best sports bar inMesa. The service was awesome and the the wait staff is very attentive. The Reuben is one of the best I have had and the onion rings are heavenly!!
3	Decent... ok food. Good atmosphere. Long wait when you're at the table if you're there for a game. Otherwise...just an average sports bar with average character and nothing special that really sets them apart.
2	Went here for lunch today it was the most awkward uncomfortable lunch I have had I walk in sat at the bar the ??? Owner gave me a cold hello and walked back into the kitchen then I sat there for 4/5 minutes when the waitperson showed up gave me a fairly friendly hello although the service deteriorated from there ????? I showered brushed my teeth comb my hair  i ordered the wings and asked if I could split the flavors she said it must be 50/50 ok I can deal with that .......she came back out to inform me they had NO WINGS AT ALL...........serious.....so I ordered there 5 dollar burger and asked for it medium and got it basically well done I'm not even sure it was the burg I ordered but I really just wanted to eat and leave at this point she never asked me how any thing was and when she took my check for 18 dollars with a 20 dollar bill she brought me my change and never said a thing .....like thank you or thanks for coming in or ...........ok here's one thing they had a good selection of beer on tap ...... Fat Willy's you are off my list of places to go
5	Let me preface by saying that five stars in this case does not mean everything is great food wise... but I love this place. Awesome beer selection. The wait staff is always friendly, though they have been going through a lot of changes recently. Daily lunch and happy hour specials are great. I would recommend the $5 burger on Mondays. I am quite happy with their wings. Most of the sandwiches are good as well. The real deal is just to sit there drinking a few beers watching a game or coming for one of their parties. It is a true sports bar with lots of both going on.
4	Awesome place, cute girl bartender, cold beer, what else do you need! Yelp special is $1 dollar for a pint and FourSqaure special has a 25 cent pint special, nice!!!
4	Local spot very friendly staff and allot of tv's. i never saw fat willy but i will look for him next time i am there come december. no specials otherwise would been 5 stars food on other hand was amazballs. it would help if they play sound of football games though there was no music or anything only noise was noise me and my drunk family provided.
1	0 stars for this location.$6.99 for a kids shrimp meal that came with 6 shrimp! Freaking rip off! Never got a refill on drinks. The location on University is a million times better. Won't be back here.
4	This is a great place to go and get wings, beer, and watch a game if you get a great seat next to the video wall. Good news is that this place does not get that packed so you are bounds to have a great view of the TVs on Sunday. I love eating wings here since you can add $0.50 cents and get nothing but wings or drums put on your order. Yelp has a coupon on here for a $1.00 draft beer on here to get you started. Hit up this place just once and fall in love with the great wings :)
1	Plain and simple ... Heed the warnings don't go here. Poor service, poor food quality, and they don't honor their coupons. Good Luck!
3	I was on vacation in Arizona and stopped in.  It was alright...great service though.
2	Went there for trivia night last Wednesday and it wasn't very busy and it was still happy hour.  I ordered the wings and asked for them crispy - I dont think the cook in the back knew what that meant because they werent - and they were very greasy. I dont know how you can mess up wings but they were eh.  Our server was trying hard but everyone had to ask for refills, not exactly on top of his game. Not impressed with this place at all.
5	We eat at Fat Willy's probably once a month, We always find the service to be good and the food tasty and cooked to order!
3	We found a BOGO coupon in the Saguaro Gold coupon mag and decided to try this place out Sunday morning about 10:30 am. The country-fried steak and eggs breakfast was decent for the price. The service was friendly but very slow due to the fact that there was only one server to take care of the entire restaurant and bar. I would go back if I found another coupon.
1	Decided to try this place for breakfast  as we received a BOGO. The only reason I gave this place a 1 star was for the mere purpose of writing the review.  Service was absolutely terrible and excruciatingly slow.  We had been sitting for 15 minutes before the server even approached our table....and another 15 just waiting for the drinks.  Needless to say., after our food finally arrived , the potatoes looked like they had been sitting there for hours...brown, dry and cold.  Eggs were cold and not made as ordered, toast was cold...it was an absolute nightmare! Terrible experience! Dont waste your time and money...and your taste buds!
4	Mondays are $5 burger days. The only place in town you can get a quesadilla burger with all the fixings. It will change the way you eat burgers. Keep an eye out for the local celebrity they call "Handlebars."
4	I've been going to the one in Mesa for about 3 years and now I found this one in Gilbert. Ive only been at this lo action for lunch and the have good service. They have good bar food. I've tried a couple of the burgers and a couple of salads and I love the buffalo chicken salad. I would recommend you try this bar-staurant .
3	Nice to have a local bar where I can stop in on my way home from work, have a cold beer where I feel the comfortable and comfortable
1	I have been going to this restaurant/ bar since the grand opening. The place was always a favorite but it has been on a slow decline for months. There are a few decent staff members and T is a great bartender but neither were there today as we were acknowledged as we entered but not even asked for our drink order after sitting for 10 minutes. Took our regular business elsewhere.
1	The food really was good but everything else was just awful! We went on Burger Monday so we weren't surprised that the place was full but we could see 2 empty tables going unbussed while we waited. They also apparently have a policy of quoting a half hour wait for a table on mondays even if they have several that just need cleared. This makes no sense to me. Once we were seated we quickly realized that the tables were not getting cleared because our waiter didn't really feel like working. He stood up near the door socializing for a good 10 minutes at a time until he eventually seated a girl near us so he could visit with her. We had to ask twice for condiments and drained our drinks completely and had a bit of a wait before we could get the waiter to refill for us. We also both thought the boothes were uncomfortable. We felt like we were a mile from the table but also the back of the booth tilts forward at the top and it pushes taller people the exact opposit of the normal, comfortable seating position where you're tilted back a bit. At least one of the tables that was empty when we arrived remained uncleared the entire time we were there. Thanks to the policy of telling people there's a 30 minute wait though, no one was waiting for tables anymore. I think they all left. I kind of wish I'd gone with them.
4	Where to start?  The $5 burger Mondays are great.  I don't eat beef but they let you substitute for a chicken breast which is awesome!  I went with my daughter for some daddy-daughter time and they got her order wrong.  The waitress immediately offered to take it off the bill.  When her food came it was hot and fresh and clearly had just been made.  We had two chicken burgers, she had a soda and I had a beer and my total was less than $8 because of the error.  You simply can't beat that!
5	OMG $5 monday burgers. I always get the buffalo sauce and bleu cheese..... but hey, that's just me.
4	I was lucky enough to come on a $5 Monday for lunch, got the firecracker burger and it was really nice.  The fries were nice and crispy and the brew was ice cold.  Service was good and if I'm ever in the area again (which is rare) on a Monday I'll be back for sure.
5	Ask for Jimbo's grilled wings, not on the menu. They are just the best!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
1	This bar doesn't even deserve one star. Worst bar experience ever. I went for a birthday party. They were out of sprite, almost every alcohol we asked for and apparently staff. They had one bartender/server for the entire bar on a Saturday night. We had to wait forever to get drinks and the selection was terrible. I was ready to leave fairly quickly but it took 15 minutes to get the bartender to print my tab.  When I finally got it, they had charged me $40 over what I actually ordered, clearing that up wasted even more time and then I spent over 45 minutes trying to pay it at which point one of the bartenders crumpled it up and said not to worry about it, so I left. I found out later they harassed other people to pay for the tab they had crumpled up and threw away. I will never go back here. Worst service and drinks ever.
2	Omg this is the worst place ever. We were seated and waited 20 minutes for a server. No joke. Our server blamed the other girl and got us drinks. The other girl came by to say sorry and the manager said we can get an app on them. We got our food and the server asked if she could get me another beer. I said sure. 20 minutes later we were done eating and she said ohhhh u ordered another beer. I said just bring the check. She brought the check and never returned to collect payment. My boyfriend finally got up and ask someone to cash us out. The app was never taken off however that was the least of out worries. Bummed that the sucked. We live in the neighbor hood and will not be back. Poor management and service.
1	Haven't gotten my food yet and already posting this review. I was met by 4 servers to take my drink order, and am sitting here watching 5 waiters enjoy the football game.... Oh what's that? You want to take my order now?? Awesome! I'll have a..... (That was where I was told to HOLD MY ORDER WHILE TE WAITER WHO IS SUPPOSED TO BE WORKING WATCHED A PLAY FROM YR FOOTBALL GAME!!!) Yes I was to to hold on a second RIGHT AFTER he told me to give him my order.  I got it man, you're a fan.... If it was that important, take the day off and watch it! This place is terrible. I'll never come back again and I'll probably find somewhere else to go after this first game.
2	Me and the hubby went in while Walmart was changing the battery on our car. So not a place we sought out but more out of convenience. We both ordered a hamburger- I had a cheeseburger and he ordered a Southwest burger. Mine was ok- over cooked, cheap bun but ok. Fries were about average but I liked them. My husband didn't like his Southwest burger at all. Said the flavor of the BBQ was too sweet and he said the patties were pre made {pet peeve for both of us} but edible. We sat at the bar because there was only one person working the whole restaurant. He shook our hands and asked our names..? I guess they want to be the Cheers of Greenfield and Baseline. Fine- but nothing to drive out of your way for.
3	It's a sports bar, nothin special really.  Not a fan of sports bars, but went to try this one anyways. I ended up getting the chicken tender platter (Carribean sauce, ranch).  The tenders were crispy, but they tasted like something you could buy in a bag at the grocery store.  The fries were good, probably enjoyed more than the tenders itself.  The Carribean sauce (had some at Buffalo Wild Wings before) was not too bad.  Now with it being a sports bar, the soda's aren't too cheap.  $2.69 with free refill of course (usually only go through one glass anyways, should of got water).Overall, just a mediocre place to go to.. Probably wouldn't go see a game at any of these types of places, so much better at home.
4	A good place to go for cold beer and decent food.  Service has always been quick and friendly whether sitting at the bar or at a table.  Good selection but my favorite appetizer are their egg rolls.
4	I have been going here for years. This location has its good times and its bad times (depending on management and staff.) The food is mostly good as far as sports bars go. I love their black and bleu burger!!! Again, depending on staff it is sometimes better than others. The long term servers are excellent! You know right away which will stick around. I totally agree with the service reviews from prior posts but those servers are the short-timers. This location recently got a facelift, newer tv's and some seating re-orgs. This makes it a little easier to see the TVs but the tv's have never really been easy to see based on the seating arrangements. Still, many tv's means many channels so your team will, likely be playing and I'm sure they will change your TV channel to accomodate your preference. I'm giving this 4 stars because despite its occasional flaws *servicecough the standard servers are really very good (friendly and accomodating.) The food prices are decent but if you get their specials the prices are awesome!
2	I have tried numerous times to get my food cooked right the first time without any luck!  I'm not sure why I keep giving Fat Willy's another opportunity to get it right. The manager has commented about how the cooks just can't get it right and have comped my dinner a few times,  but just can't get it right. If you want a rare or medium rare burger, don't go to this place! I have sent back more than one burger only to have it brought back out cooked well done. All my friends have had similar issues with how the food is prepared. It seems the cooks/ manager or owners don't care how you want your dinner served.
1	Came in and waited 12 minutes to finally get noticed.  Bartenders here are obviously more worried about carrying on conversations than actually looking around...  shitty experience
2	The good news is that they have Happy Hour every day and the apps are 5 bucks each. The bad news is that the apps we ordered were not that good. The potato skins had pico de gallo on them (yes she asked if we wanted it) and were undercooked a bit. The pretzel bites left a bunch to be desired and neither was worthy of the full menu price. The bar does not feature one football team and the TV sets at the bar were pretty good, but it depends on what seat is available. It seems like a decent locals joint to watch sports and they have some good beer specials each day. On Sunday it was $4 large drafts and the place was not packed like most bars on Sunday.
3	The food was ok. I ordered mozzarella sticks and chips and salsa. The service was ok, we were never asked if we wanted another beer, and also had to ask for our check multiple times while sitting at the bar. I did like their draft beer selection.
4	We end up eating here often as it's close to home. We often get the pretzel twists which are huge and we often have leftovers because we want to actually eat our meal. The $5 burger Mondays is great especially when you have kids who want one. I have had several of the salads and they're very good. Unfortunately, the only thing I did try to eat one time, was the fish and chips and it was not good at all. Everything else I've tried so far including the meatloaf was done pretty well.
