1	This is the second time I have been here and not been able to finish my food.  The first time the omelette was super dry, and the second time there was so much grease that my stomach hurt before I could finish my food.  Service has always been slow, will never go back!
1	I was there last year with my parents and extended family. Service was terrible - slow and rude. I would not go there again.
3	So my mom and aunt are obsessed with Coco's Cinnamon French Toast and that's where they wanted to go for breakfast. Out of all the places this is where they pick. I pleaded with them, there are sooo many better breakfast joints out there, but no, Coco's was my fate. We stood at the hostess station for over 10 minutes before anyone even acknowledged we existed! We were then seated and our waitress was pretty quick and on top of things. Our coffee cups never hit empty. I ordered the potato pancakes and they hit the spot. They were actually pretty dang tasty! If I am ever forced to go to coco's again I would for sure get that again. Paying at the cashier was a bit of a nightmare, but we got through it. Not my top choice for breakfast, but wasn't as torturous as I was anticipating.
3	I want to like Coco's more than I did, but it was a solid three star experience.  Really!My three friends and I didn't have any of the problems listed by the other Yelpers.  In fact, in many ways, we were on the defensive trying to look, or avoid these issues.  The wait staff was there offering coffee and drink refills at almost every turn.  The one thing we did observe was the manager on the floor directing traffic and filling in throughout.  Ohh yeah, BTW the food was good.  Not great, just good as you would expect.Maybe, Coco's management has heard my fellow Yelper's complaint and is trying to address it.  I don't know, we just had a good time with few if any problems.
2	This is a  mixed review with the Mystery Mansion Dinner Theater because it is housed in Coco's. I went to Coco's on Friday, August 12 for the Mystery Mansion Bedside Manor dinner the show. Unfortunately I was very disappointed. We were seated at the table furthest from the stage where most of the show took place. I won't even post any of the pictures I wasted time taking because I was always too far away or behind the actors. Not good! I paid extra for the salmon. Big mistake. It was way overcooked, hard and tasted like tuna fish. I had two small bites. I asked my friend how a person can burn broccoli and she answered, "The same way they burn carrots." Burned over-steamed vegetables. Really? The tossed salad in the little cup that kept spilling out as I tried to stab a piece of lettuce with my fork.,and part of the overheated, dry baked potato were the only part of the meal I ate. Bummer. Over all the night was a big disappointment for the money paid. The jokes were corny and the accents difficult to understand. Pete Swartz (female)made it bareable. She was very good in all of her roles so kudoos to her for make the night bareable.
4	Was this Broadway?? NO. Was this a 5 Star meal?? No.Went with a group of 20, had a Great time. Service was fine, food was not bad, like you would expect from a Coco's. Salmon was cold (like you would expect serving 100 or so) but actually good! Prime rib was rare but not bad. CAST went out of thier way to make it fun!!!So go with the right attitude and expectation, and just have some fun!!!
3	The food here is never anything outstanding, except for their pies.  We have eaten Breakfast, Lunch and Dinner here and have rarely been disappointed.  When the place fills up it can get to be moderately noisy.With the implementation of an electronic order taking system, with the order being placed at your table and sent directly to the Kitchen, the food arrives more quickly from the Kitchen.  This is a welcome improvement .
4	Have the gravy and biscuits they were really good along with two turkey patties.  Service was outstanding.
4	Service today he was friendly crisp and efficient.  I had biscuits gravy bacon and eggs; it was a great breakfast.  My wife had the pumpkin pancakes.
1	Waited 15 minutes for a table when half the tables were empty.  Service is awful, and the food was no better than Denny's.The managers are not friendly and are in no hurry to accomidate their guests.We will not be going back to this Coco's on Cactus.
4	Went for breakfast this morning. Everything was made fresh, even the bran muffin came hot out of the oven. It was busy, but slowed down while there. Our server Cheryl was great, stayed on top of service and very friendly. Great prices too. $3.99 kids breakfast and pretty big portions for that money. Only thing, the changing table in the restroom could use a disinfecting scrub down.
1	Mystery Theater was cute and funny. Food was aweful and very bland.
1	Horrible service. I walked in and waited. The restaurant wasn't that busy and I could see there were tables available.  The lady in front of me had 8 in her party, the manager seemed very stressed when she told him the size of her party.  He had told the lady, I don't think I have a place for you because I don't have a full staff.  This was on a Saturday morning and right before the holidays!  He saw me standing and waiting by the door while others were coming in to dine.  He said somewhat rudely "You can sit down and wait.  I'll be right with you"  I never once was  rude to him and I was waiting patiently while he assisted the lady with a party of 8.   I was shocked by his tone and so I walked out. Never eating at that Coco's!  I found a local cafe down the street and so glad I did.
1	It took almost 2 hours for lunch for a family of four.  I've wasted enough of my time with Coco's.  So this is the end of my review.
1	First off, there were very few cars in the parking lot at dinner time on a Wednesday evening.  Red Flag.  We went in anyway to give Coco's a chance, even though I had had a bad experience the last time we went there. When my wife's soup finally arrived, it was the wrong one.  She finally got the correct flavor, but it was room temperature.  Followed by the cheeseburger and fries which were also room temperature.  When we told the waitress, she took the plates away and said "oh".  To her credit, she did not charge us for my wife's dinner.  Upon paying the bill, the manager asked us " how  was everything".  We told him our experience and he was really surprised as he had prepared our food.  Coco's has lost their spark, and we will not return there in the future.
1	Terrible Terrible service.  We were seated instantly and after 20 minutes of no acknowlegment from our waitress, we walked out.  We told the manager and she just shook her head and didn't say a word. Not even a sorry.  Think she was upset with the waitress not us, however her management skills were pretty poor as well.
1	Visited Coco's on a Monday afternoon (parking lot was "unusually" sparse.. counted 3 cars total.  Seating was quick, order was taken quickly, salads were delivered quickly.  The main entree didn't arrive until 30 minutes later (entire restaurant was empty except maybe 2-3 tables.  Someone must have to slaughter a cow to make 2 cheeseburgers.  My stomach felt upset for about an hour afterwards.. Service was A-ok, waitress had to be reminded to refill the tea, didn't take up completed dishes (manager took some of the dishes and said he be right back to pick up the rest  - - didn't happen.  Waitress was advised to split the checks - - didn't happen, sent her back to make the change.Coco's gong down the same path as Marie Callendars..
1	Absolutely horrible service. We came in fairly early on a Sunday morning and the restaurant was not even that busy, lots of empty tables. My husband and I just wanted a quick bite to eat as we had to run an errand at The nearby mall. We walked in behind another couple. She put her name in and the manager seemed very frazzled stating "I am the only one here, there and back there!" ( gesturing all over the restaurant, super awkward and very unprofessional) it is not the customers problem that you are understaffed sir. He took our name and walked away to the phone behind the cashier. He also did not state a wait time and was extremely rude. He then proceeded to take no lie 13 minutes on the phone giving someone directions to his restaurant. Meanwhile more and more people are walking in without being acknowledged. As I stood there in horror at the lack of customer service I observed a man at the bar area playing video games on his phone and excessively sneezing all over the place. That was the final straw. The place was filthy, understaffed, unprofessional and overall a horrible experience. We walked out and will never ever be back. I wish I could give negative stars bc giving one star pains me. Granted it is Cocos, which my husband stated after I slammed the door behind me, but seriously? I have had better service at Filibertos Mexican drive thru.
2	Went there for lunch with 2 toddlers. We were seated quickly but had terrible service!  We put our orders in for the kids as quickly as possible but she seemed to lack any knowledge of side dishes for them except fries... ok no biggie, we settled with fries. Took her at least ten minutes to come back to grab our orders. Meanwhile my kid, who will eat almost anything, was not interested in the mac n cheese, which I tried and was terrible. When I placed my order I specifically said dressing on side, my salad was drenched in dressing with shredded iceberg lettuce. At this point I didn't have time to send back since the babies were getting restless but of course our waitress was no where to be found so I paid up front. The man up front happened to be the team lead so I told him about how I couldn't really eat the salad and he took 25% off our bill so that was handled well. Also, it was freezing in there!! I mentioned this to the waitress but it never warmed up, thank god I had a sweater for the baby. This is not the coco's I remember years ago. Won't be coming back here again!
4	.
1	I will never go back again. The waitress was rude, didn't care at all, food was bla and cold then the cashier shorted me 5 dollars. My husband called and the lady on the phone didn't care at all. Said the till was short yesterday. I'm writing the company. People are stealing and it's wrong. They should be fired and put in jail. Never again. If you do go here be careful. Count your money before you leave. Don't make a mistake like I did. I learned my lesson that's for sure.
1	I'm not sure what was going on last night but we arrived around 6:45 ir so and had ordered by 6:50.  Our soup and salad came bot then 25 minutes later we were told that they were out of ravioli.  They didn't even leave a menu with us so we could re-order.  Their excuse was that a large group had come in and bow they were out of ravioli.   My husband and I were seated shead of that large group which had been out in the foyer when we came in.  I don't have a problem with their good usually (we have been here numerous times) but their service stinks and just keeps getting worse.  We will not be back unless they get new management.
1	Very poor customer service. Hostess was rude and ignored us when we arrived. When seated finally she had a bad attitude. Also, our server never showed up and we ended up leaving.
1	The worst.  Rude servers and hostess' plus the service takes forever to get anything.  The place is run down and smells of food that has been sitting for a while or even gone bad.  I'd rather travel to the next location than eat here again.  It's worth the drive to go to another location.
1	Worst eating experience I have ever had.  We received our drinks right away but after that nothing about it was good.  I ordered the prime rib and my wife ordered an omelet.  After about 25 minutes the waitress came and said we were just waiting on the omelet.  I gave her a funny look and should have known that my prime rib had been sitting out for a while.  When the meals came everything on my wife's plate was stale like it was days old.  The prime rib looked and tasted the same.  The baked potato was the only thing on the plate that wasn't bad.  I will never eat at any coco's after this.  The hostess and waitress acted as if they were doing everyone a favor by being there.  They were rude to the core.  Don't waist your time.
4	Great lunch at coco's today.  Everything we ordered was delicious and service was very good.  Iceberg lettuce wedge was very good as well as BLT.
1	I was looking forward to coming to this place as it is very close to where I live and we are always looking for a new place to try. The parking lot looked busy but we decided to give it a try and hope that we would get a good breakfast before we started our errands.  WRONG!  We actually didn't even order.  We walked in and instantly noticed how outdated the place was but we were willing to still give it a try.  We stood at the front door, waiting for a hostess but no one came over for a good 3-4 mins.  There seemed to be a decent amount of employees working but no one greeted us or acknowledged us.  A younger girl came over and without even making eye contact, just said in a very low voice, "hi, how many", we asked how long the wait would be and she said about 10 minutes.  Weird thing is, we noticed empty tables and booths all around but didn't want to be a pain and say anything, maybe they were short staffed even though they seem to have quite a bit on staff.... We sat down and we instantly started to notice how disgusting and dirty the place was.  The floors were disgusting and we were able to see the display case for their pies.  The case was nasty.  You could clearly tell the glass was not cleaned inside or outside for quite some time.  The inside of the case where the pies were, you could see food and other things on the bottom.  We both cracked some jokes about how gross the place was and both decided to not wait to eat.  We just got up and walked out.  Do not go here, you will be just as disappointed as us.  We ended up going to the 5 & Diner that is a minute away.  We have been there about 3-4 times and have always received good service.
