4	If you have food allergies, this place is a MUST.  Just imagine: you can order ANYTHING you want off the menu!  This restaurant specializes in allergen free food (hypoallergenic cuisine).  They boast that their food and drinks are free of the top eight most common allergens: Wheat, Peanuts, Nuts, Fish & seafood, Sesame seeds, Milk, Eggs,and Soy.It is a small restaurant and while we were there, there was a kid's party going on inside the restaurant so we opted for outdoor seating.  Drinks were delicious.  Ambiance was nice and cozy.  Staff was friendly and attentive.  Food was good.  The one complaint I have is that the food is a just a little too salty for me but I can easily overlook that.  The experience of being able to order anything off the menu without apprehension is THE selling point for me.
5	Full disclosure: This restaurant is owned by old friends of mine. I live in another city so I was unable to visit until last week (it has been open for over a year). Zero8's primary feature is to offer an environment free of the 8 most common allergens (fish and seafood, peanuts, nuts, sesame seeds, milk, soya, eggs, and wheat and other sources of gluten). I am not allergic or intolerant to anything, but I gather that for people who are this is a really big relief, as it can be pretty difficult to eat out safely and comfortably when one has possibly life-threatening allergies. Many people think that allergen-free food must surely be bland, but frankly I was impressed with everything I have eaten at the restaurant. I had two meals there (dinner and lunch), and ate everything from carrot soup to lamb and a lovely pear dessert, while enjoying their broad selection of wines and cocktails. I thoroughly enjoyed every course, and I wouldn't have guessed that the food was prepared to serve particular dietary requirements. The only exception to this is the chocolate cake, which was lovely but just not what I expected, texture-wise, due to the different kind of flour one has to bake with to avoid gluten. Due to my bias, I cannot offer an independent appraisal of service. However from talking with my friends I can tell that they care *a lot* about good service and in particular about keeping the restaurant allergen-free. I will add that the decor is quite pleasant and thoughtful, with a really cool looking bar. Prices seemed average to me but I haven't eaten out in Montreal in a long time so I am not totally sure. I give five stars for the quality of the food, good looks of the space, and for the coolness of the zero-allergen concept.
5	This is a great gluten-free, nut free restaurant.  Everything from the food, drinks and even the bathroom soap are allergen free.  My wife and I ate here four separate times during our 5 day stay in Montreal.  We loved it.  I would recommend the braised beef and the poutine style fries!C'est parfait!
3	This place was ok.  Service was meh.  Food was good, but the roast beef sandwich did not have much meat on it.  I got fries with the order instead of salad, and I must say there were a LOT of fries, I had to leave some and I rarely leave food.  If I had ordered salad and they gave me a huge salad that would have made me happier, but I went with the unhealthy fries option.Oh, and sauces cost two dollars O_o, who has heard of that before, oh, you would like ketchup with your fries, 2 dollars, cha-ching.  I don't know, just never heard of charging for ketchup.  Maybe it is special gluten free ketchup.  The menu is french only, but I broke out my Iphone with the google translator application and figured out what the roast beef sandwich was.
3	After reading the reviews for this place i think i worked my expectations up a little too high. First off the service was meh (like mark e. said in his review). Everything seemed to take forever. Plus the menu was in French so we have to use Google translate to select our food, which is fine i know i am just a tourist.I ended up getting the roast beef sandwich for lunch. It was actually pretty good but the portion of the sandwich was small and didn't have enough beef to make me happy.  For a place they tries to be uber healthy, they really serve you a lot of fries. I would have preferred more sandwich personally.I was soo excited to get curry ketchup with my fries, since it is hard to find back in the states. From the menu it said $2 for a sauce or 2 for $3. Some how we got charged for $9 for three sauces, when we only got 2. After waiting a really long time for our waiter to explain to him, he only brought us 2 of the 3 sauces we order, he took the extra one off of the bill, and proceeded to charge us full price for the last one. I wasn't very happy about that but i didn't want to wait another 10 minutes to save a dollar.As a whole this place just felt pretentious to me. The food is good, but next time i got back to Montreal, i am not sure i would visit this place again.
1	Came here with a group for an event. I was the last person to show up and they had all ordered already, but I was greeted at the door by the host and brought to my table and handed a menu. I sat with my group for 25 minutes and was completely ignored by the waitress and the host who decided that surfing on their laptop at the bar was more important: my order was not taken and I wasn't even offered a drink. The server had to be flagged twice and she seemed annoyed instead of apologetic.when she finally came to our table to take my order.I ordered a pasta dish which arrived fast enough and  it was mediocre: tasted like canned ragu with flecks of basil. The bill arrived and still she remained unapologetic so for the first time in my life, I didn't even tip.The concept of the place is cool and it's clean and nice looking on the inside, but the food is overpriced, the portions are small and the service seriously sucks.
3	While it's really nice to have a gluten free, allergen free resto on this strip I was sorta meh on the food. I'd love to see more vegetarian options on the menu, the mushroom pesto was in fact just a plain tomato sauce and wholly uneventful flavour-wise. Bright side, the space is clean and calm, seemed active with families who were palpably relieved to have somewhere to eat - serious allergies must make celebratory dining out a bummer. Our waitress didn't know how to manage things once 4 bigger tables were in play, but there's a lot of potential here so I wish them nothing but gluten-free goodness.
4	I went here for a yelp hunger relief event and I was wondering why the restaurant was called Zero8. And so it's called Zero8 because their dishes do not have the 8 common allergens such as fish & seafood, soy, wheat, nuts/peanuts etc.  I thought that concept was quite interesting. I ordered a mushroom fusili and the pasta had a unique taste. (It might be  rice flour according to a fellow yelp buddy). Oh who can forget the 5$ rose wine by the glass. This place rocks! I'd love to go back and try their other dishes like the duck.  I recommend checking out this resto if you're in the St. Denis area and looking for something different.
3	I got to know Zero 8 thanks to an awesome Yep event, and have been back regularly ever since! My mom gluten/lactose intolerant so she loves not having to worry about the menu in any way. Speaking of the menu, be warned it is pretty small, that what you get for removing wheat, most fibers, nuts, fish etc.. The offerings are mostly meat served on rice, or burgers. They also have a duck-fries plate that looks divine, if totally rich. My lamb burger was excellent, and I would recommend ordering a side of salad and fries (these were really fresh and delicious). The bun is made with corn flour, which makes the bun thin and crispy. The downside was that the lamb meat was ground versus a steak, but what was I expecting?! The desserts tend to be on the heavier side with pudding and little chocolate muffins, the pot of cream is lovely though and made with rice and tapioca if I remember well..You might find yourself waiting for a while (there is a lot of meat to be cooked!) but the ambiance is very laid-back, there is tv if you want to watch sports across the bar, and a jukebox..Next time I swing by, I might just try a gluten-free beer..
4	Delicious and fun but seems overpriced.
3	Not too bad for a gluten free restaurant. I played it safe and got the Steak Frites, which was cooked perfectly, their fries were really good. I couldn`t complain. Glutenburg beer was alright. My friend really did not like her chicken sandwich, I don`t blame her because it didn`t look right. There was some jelly or something on it - I don`t know. I`ll wait for her to put her review lol. The place itself is really nice and modern, the staff were great. I would not go back because their menu is not really my style, but if you dig the whole gluten free thing, then you might really enjoy yourself.
2	We were walking down St.Denis and read the menu outside and decided to try it out. The place is so modern and clean and a friendly staff. I love gluten free food usually eat organic and gluten free at home and so I was thrilled to try a restaurant with these options.I ordered the carrot and ginger soup which was fantastic, a mojito to drink which was made perfectly and the chicken sandwich as my main with a house salad. I loved the salad great dressing but my sandwich was a little weird. First of it was tiny and the chicken looked a little pinkish and tasted weird. There was no dressing in it either it was just a disaster.  I would be opened to go back to try out another dish but wasn't overly impressed by my first experience.
