2	I want to like this place, and it's trying to be a good hotel. The people are very polite, the bed is nice, and the bath is fancy. It has a kitchen. However, my room faced the street, Saint Denis, and was quite noisy, especially on the weekend. It was hard to sleep, and the noise is beyond the hotel's control. Though there were lots of clunky footsteps in the building somewhere. Its hard to park at the hotel, and I ended up paying $15 a night for valet parking. It's best to have no car in that area. We checked in intending to stay a week, stayed a couple of nights, and then had to leave town early unexpectedly. The hotel charged us for two nights after we left because of a 48 hour cancellation policy they have, which applies even after you have stayed a while. You pay the entire stay up front when you check in.The hotel is part of a restaurant, and really has no lobby. There is a separate stairway and a booth next to the restaurant. I think the staff is shared with the restaurant. The rooms have exotic lights, which it took a while to figure out. And I could never get the AC set right, despite asking twice, so it was hot the entire stay. I think if the hotel had a more dedicated staff it might work better.
4	Nice small hotel with only a few rooms.  Quiet, clean and secure.  Fun African decor with popular Ethiopian restaurant on the main floor.  Cons are no lobby to hang out in, and slow wi-fi one of the days we were there.Definitely recommended if you don't want to stay in the Old Port.
5	This is undeniably one of the top choices for a boutique hotel stay in Montreal.  Superb location on Rue St-Denis - excellent if you want to escape the typical touristy traps of the Old Port and Golden Mile hotels.  Each room in a mini suite ( some not so mini) including a very functional kitchen, luxe bath, and high end fixtures throughout.  There is even an espresso machine in the room!  The hotel shares space with the excellent Blue Nile Ethiopian restaurant which means that not only can you get Ethiopian food room service, but you can get superb VEGAN room service.  How often do you find that?Of course, what makes any boutique hotel truly worthwhile is the staff, and Kutuma's is uniformly excellent.  Never run into anyone here who isn't top notch and it manifests itself in every small detail of every stay.  My highest recommendation!
