1	So I pay someone to get  my carwashed and detailed because I have 3 kids who regularly demolish it.  There is spilled juicebox and substances that ... I dont even want to know what they are that get stuck all up and under the car seats.  So I was happy when an autobell just opened right by my house.  Paid my $36 for the special plus tip and was expecting them to make her look all pretty again.  Terrible experience.  First I pulled to the side to take out 2 of the car seats, I couldnt take the third out until the last minute because I had my 2 year old with me and couldnt pull him out until I pulled up to the start.  So while I was struggling to hold onto him and get the carseat out the guy tells me can I do that on the side next time cause Im holding up the line!!!  Whaaa???  NO, I couldnt unless you want me to drive around with my 2 year old loose in no seat.  And if you would have offered to help me while I was struggling with a 2 year old and a really tight car seat instead of staring at me and complaining it would have gone a whole lot faster!  Forget good service, what happened to good old fashioned shivalry??  If I see someone struggling I never just stand there and watch!    Rude!So then it comes around and I have to go out there because I notice they are not vacumming the back, "ok mam" we will do it.  Then they tell me its done and I go out there and the car seat I specifically told him to clean under is not clean at all.  Didnt even try.  So I said "um" I asked you to clean under here, thats why I struggled all that time to get the carseats undone" and he cleaned it. Yep, it was gross, probably a months worth of fruit snacks stuck on there, but guess what YOUR A CAR WASH SO WASH IT! So annoying.So after having to bug them to do there job I went home at least thinking the car was done.  Nope.  Once I got home I noticed when they picked the wipes and a book off the ground and put it on the seat they never put it back to clean the seat in the front.  Full on crumbs and stuff all over it.  The console in the middle also had spilled coffee still on it.    I have 3 messy kids (4 if you count my husband) and a slipped disc in my back so I cant be leaning over scrubbing.  But after spending $36 dollars to have my car cleaned I had to go home get out the dustbuster and rags and do just that.  I bet people with kids are the ones who get their cars cleaned the most so car washes should be bending over backwards to treat me right, instead they were unhelpful when I was struggling, had to be pushed to clean my car and in the end didnt even do it all.  I have a free wash coupon from a calander I bought there so unfortunately they will get one more chance with me but I doubt they can persuade me to ever pay for another one with them.  On the hunt for a better full service car wash!
4	Although this place is pricey, and they did manage to bend my license plate, I like this place.  I wish it was all hand wash but I don't think hand-wash car washes exist in Charlotte.  The good:The staff really does take their time while cleaning the inside of the carMy floor mats which were so dirty that I might as well buy new ones were made to look somewhat respectable after the staff was done cleaning them.  Although they didn't make it look brand-spankin' new, can't fault them for that.They cleaned someone's car with shampoo -- that looks cool and can I get one also?After they finished with my car, I had to play "so fresh so clean" by OutkastThe bad:For machine wash, it is a tad priceyThe aforementioned bending of the license plate -- they did unbend it, thoughThe line?  This really isnt a negative, just shows how busy they are.  They did a good job managing everyone and did not skimp on the time they spend on your car.  I like that.  -- This shouild be a positive but I'm too lazy to cut and paste.
2	I literally have problem every time I come here. The result of my wash is NEVER fully clean, there is always dirt spot or, bird poop, debris on my car after my wash and dry. Oh let me mention, after dropping off to get my car washed my car one time, my battery died...how eventful.What to expect:you will be interacting with high school barely legal aged workers. They try their best to be competent but I have the feeling that management is just not giving them adequate support and training. The logistics of this place needs to be worked out better.
3	Well, decided my car needed some touching up and an interior cleaning as well. I purchased the $30 manager's special - not a bad job overall. I think I may have waited 25 minutes tops so no issue with timing. As far as vacuuming and wiping down, they tend to hit the high points, but don't really get into the finer areas (e.g. my floor mats were cleaned but there was still hairs/small pieces of gravel on the carpeted side leading up to the center console). My windshield blade also broke off in the wash which made me ride back (to be fair, I drive a 120k car so that was likely bound to happen). They gave me a pass to an additional wash. I tipped the employee $5 for his work though it wasn't anything exceptional. If you really want fine detailing, you're likely going to have to pay a lot more; otherwise, I recommend Auto Bell.
4	First time at this location.. they were *busy* with the post snow remove the salt from the car rush but they were very efficient and the service was fast. My car was sparkling clean on the outside and nice and clean on the interior. I normally like to wash myself due to the price but I felt it was worth the price at this AB location.
3	Saturdays at AutoBell are always a nightmare because so many people are there.  My first visit was certainly the case, but I've always found the young men at AutoBell to be pleasant and hard working.  Although the work wasn't as good as I thought it should have been for the $40 I spent, I'd likely return.  I hate the little fibers their towels leave behind.  My windshield was full of them, but they did a decent job on the interior so I can't complain too much.
3	There's so many reasons I would really like to be able to give Auto Bell five stars, even four, but the bottom line is no matter how many times now I have taken one of my two cars to Auto Bell I always end up with a half-done car. They have great locations all across Charlotte, I have tried three different ones and sadly all of them have done the same quality job, mediocre. If you are looking for a place to stop to get the floors vacuumed out and the dirt washed off the car this is definitely the place to go. If you want it thoroughly wiped down and dried off so it looks like your car should be on the showroom floor, pass them by.Bottom line - good job, fair price, clean carwash facilities, usually always very friendly attendants, but you will never leave with your dash/interior truly wiped down and shining or  without those few drops of water still on the car.
