5	I am so happy I found Randy and his team!!!   I travel to Las Vegas on business all the time and find it difficult to leave my pets in a hotel room all day while I am out.SuperStar Pet Services gives me great peace of mind knowing that my pets will be looked after and given lots of LOVE while I am gone.  I appreciate that they are also pet lovers and super reliable even for those of us who are out of towner's!  Thank you so much for all you do!  Keep up the amazing job!
5	Great service! Professional and reliable! We are so happy we found Randy! He was great with our two dogs. I was so nervous about leaving my dogs, but my worries were eased by Randy who texted me pics of my dogs everyday he went to the house. Also, the other really great thing about his service is he doesn't hold on to your key. He sets up a lock box at your house where you can keep your key safeguarded on your property. Randy came an extra day too, for no charge. When I returned I got to watch a video he posted on YouTube of the fun they all had together!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h_XNKjRwwfQ
5	Great Service! Professional Pet sitter who made us feel at ease about leaving our dog at home for a few days. Sent texts and pictures every visit to show everyone was going well. Our dog seemed to love him. Affordable pricing, and the fact your pet gets to stay in their own home, makes it a no-brainer when compared to kennels. Randy will now be our go-to pet sitter. In fact, we'll probably have him stop by periodically just to play with our dog Stewie. Can't recommend him highly enough.
5	SORRY SO LONG- But this is a fantastic story WORTH READING & SHARING!I had the pleasure of working with Randy this week. We called him out of the blue, after googling "pet sitter Las Vegas". I am a pet groomer in Dayton OH. A friend and client of mine moved to Las Vegas when one month later he suddenly passed away stranding his dog in Las Vegas. The family was desperate to have Colt home, especially by the funeral. It was very difficult to coordinate his shipment home because we didn't know anyone on that end. I called local groomers, the animal hospital he was boarding at, the humane society, rescue groups, and local churches!! No help. Which lead to my pet sitter search. Randy was a gem! Not only did he get Colt to the airport at 5am (the only time Colt could fly because of the heat), but did the shopping for the necessary items he needed to be compliant to fly! He had to go to the store 3 times! He did a lot of leg work for us that we just couldn't have done from here. Every time I talked to him via phone he was friendly and helpful!He took excellent care of Colt... Like he was his own... And was mindful of other dogs he was responsible for while coordinating with me about  Colt's trip. Another cool thing was, he had a payment option on his website, so when we needed to pay for the crate and travel necessities, he called me from the store with an amount, which he got notification of me paying right on his phone!! then he went through the checkout. It was awesome!When he got Colt to the airport, he took the time to make sure he "pottied" before his flight.I can't tell you how having Colt home has brought happiness to the family during such a sad and cruel tragedy.Being a pet professional myself, I can honestly say, if I am ever in Vegas... There is NO ONE, I mean HANDS DOWN- NO ONE else I would let care for my beloved pets!!
5	Absolutely 110% satisfied out-of-town customer.  We happen to be on a mini vacation /work in Vegas for the week.  We had tickets to go see Mystere ( great show btw).  I thought my dog Maudie, my 2 year old kennel trained beagle,  would be fine in her kennel in the hotel room for a few hours.  Found out it was the hotels policy pets can not be left alone.  She is the sweetest but shy dog.  I have never left her with anyone before and I was very nervous. Randy made me feel very comfortable about taking her for the evening for us.  He even came to our hotel to pick her up and brought her back after the show and  my dog was very calm and happy.   I felt the price due to the short notice and the service provided was so reasonable I paid him a little more than he asked for.  Thank you so much Randy for the short notice and your caring exceptional customer service.  We will be calling you when we come back in the area next time.
5	Go glad to find Randy and this company! My work schedule changes and they are super flexible about coming to take my dog out on the days that my dog will be alone to long. I get photo messages from the park with my dog on a walk or playing with others. I recommend to anyone looking for a dog walker in Summerlin.
5	Love this place they were there for a family & boxer in a time of need.... Words cannot explain the time & care this man dedicated to help get colt home plus all the hours donated I'm eternally greatfull I would would trust him with my pets anytime
5	I recently went on a trip out of the country and had Randy from Superstar take care of my 2 kitties. He is very honest, took good care of my kitties and even ran the roomba at my request. Roomba must be emptied each time it runs. My house was good and my kitties were happy when I came home. As soon as Randy knew I was home he came right over to remove his lockbox and return my key. I could see that my kitties were taken care of and given attention while I was away. The only suggestion I have would be to remove shoes upon entry to the homes. I will definitely use Superstar Pet Services for my future trips!
5	Great pet services. I left my beagle Bengji and he was treated like a king. I was looking for a dog walker who cares about my other half. This pet service is the best in town. I would highly recommend it. They treat you like family!
5	I can't believe I've waited this long to sing Randy's praises.  For the last several months, Randy has been coming over 3 days a week to let my little Frenchie out of his crate to play and potty.  Atticus French loves him, as do we. He has truly become a part of our family.  He has helped us out so many times when our work schedules have been crazy and I honestly think he loves Mr. French as much as we do.  His rates are reasonable, but most importantly, he truly loves animals and enjoys spending time with our little boy.  I feel really lucky to have found Randy.  He is one of a kind!
5	I have had the pleasure of having Randy take care of my Chihuahuas for about a year.  I cant express enough how amazing he has been for my family which includes my doggies, Simon and Munchie. I can assure you for all the SUPERSTAR CARE, Randy is the MOST AFFORDABLE PET SERVICE IN TOWN, HARDEST WORKING with the MOST LOVE and he takes PRIDE in keeping my Simon and Munchie SAFE. SUPERSTAR EXAMPLES:I needed pet services for years in the past to help socialize Simon as an adopted pet because he was leash aggressive and had trouble trusting other people and thought his job here on this planet, was to be on active duty to take care of me and his sister, Munch. Randy has shown my pets LOVE and PATIENCE, even when Simon bit RANDY the first time they met. RANDY TRAINED SIMON and he is no longer leash aggressive. Simon can pass other people and pets on a leash without losing his mind. It use to embarrass and frustrate me so much in public. Randy TRAINED Simon to behave at no extra cost.Also, Randy has the biggest heart I have ever seen and truly loves my pets. I know he loves them so much he would adopt them if something ever happened to me. Who can say that about their pet service? My pets wait for him at the DOOR,  they get excited when i say "Randy", and freak out happy tails when he comes to pick them up!Randy is always available, FLEXIBLE, sometimes I need him last minute, sends me updates, pictures and has even made videos of the pets for me.If you want a PHONE REFERRAL don't hesitate to ask him for Danyel's phone number (Simon and munchies owner- he has a few clients named Danyel) and I can tell you via phone. Randy was liking hitting the PET LOTTERY for us! FUN TRUTH: RANDY SAYS THAT HE WOULD HAVE HAD SIMON FLIPPING PANCAKES FOR ME FOR BREAKFAST IF HE GOT HIM AS A PUPPY; I BELIEVE HIM! LOLTHANK-YOU so much Randy! This is a much overdue Review. We love you, Smokey and Chico!..... Also, I found Randy on YELP! Love- Danyel, Simon & Munchie....
5	I am so incredibly thankful I found Randy. He has been so wonderful in taking care of my little Lincoln. He is reliable, always on time, good at communicating and loves the dogs as his own. I don't know what I would do without him.
5	All the reviews are true, Randy and Superstar Pet Services are the BEST! I went to CA for the Xmas weekend and needed someone to care for my two cats, especially since my older boy needs meds twice a day. Now, I could have boarded him at a vet, alone and separated from his brother. Or, I could have boarded them both, where they would have been separated from each other. This was not something I was willing to do, as they have been together for 3 years and are truly best friends. I also didn't like the idea of leaving them in a loud, stressful environment with many interchanging people and at a risk for contracting a disease or illness. These are my kids for crying out loud! Enter Randy. From my first phone call with him, I could tell he was a great choice. I set up a meet and greet appointment with him and he was very flexible in figuring out a time to meet with me and my boys. From the moment he came through the door, I knew that he was the guy for me and my boys. One of my cats runs and hides from strangers and even some friends, and when Randy came in he continued to lounge around the apt. Amazing! Both of my boys were totally relaxed around someone they had never met before. Randy was very thorough, taking notes as I was talking and filling out the required paperwork. He left me with a checklist that he fills out while visiting with your pets, and encouraged me to leave him a list of instructions as well. He followed all of my instructions (including leaving lights on). He also sent multiple pictures of the cats at each visit, and they looked great. He didn't just come in and feed them real quick, he played with them and gave them affection as well. My scaredy cat was even climbing up into his lap after two visits, with pictures to prove it (this cat is seriously afraid of strangers and was not once afraid of Randy)! When we came home the cats looked chilled out and relaxed as if we were only gone for an evening. Randy is such a great, caring guy who loves animals and the work that he does, and it really shows. He is punctual, reliable and trustworthy (I actually left him my key since I am in an apt and a lock box would probably make management a little upset) and his rates are incredible for the service and peace of mind he provides. Even my cats knew after 30 seconds that they could trust him! I would recommend him to anybody that wants their pets not just looked after, but CARED FOR. I will absolutely call Randy at Superstar Pet Services next time I need my boys taken care of when I can't be there. Thank you Randy! You are THE BEST!!
