5	I have participated in crossfit in Arizona, Oregon, and, now, at Freestyle Crossfit in downtown Vegas. I initially came to Freestyle Crossfit because it is well located downtown, just a few blocks from my house. After a couple weeks of working out there, I can say this is my favorite crossfit box. For me, the focus on form (and not getting hurt!) is very important. Jake, the owner, is excellent at providing cues and suggestions to improve form, which results in heavier lifting!! He is always watching, encouraging, and providing suggestions/cues. My form is better now, thanks to Jake, than it has ever been. Another thing I love about Freestyle Crossfit is the atmosphere. It is very down-to-earth and friendly. I think ANYONE would feel comfortable here. No one is judging you and everyone cheers you on. Everyone I have met at Freestyle Crossfit has been great to workout with. The box (workout facility) itself is the very essence of a box- there are no frills, it is very basic, but everything that you need is there. I prefer this- the quality of the workout is what matters. And the workouts are hard! After I leave, I always feel like I accomplished something that I didn't think I could do before. I highly recommend coming in and giving it a try. It will change your life.
5	I worked out at FreeStyle Crossfit for two weeks while visiting Vegas and it was a great experience! Jake, owner and coach, is extremely knowledgeable, professional, and runs a great box! Great programming that is fun and challenging for all skill levels. Small class sizes and reasonable prices set it apart from other Crossfit gyms in the area. As its located in the heart of downtown Vegas, just a few blocks from the convention center, this is not only a perfect place for locals but also extremely convenient for anyone who is traveling to Vegas for work or conferences and wants to hit a few WODs while in town. Great place!
5	Awesome work out!! I have been going for just a little over a month and already hooked. Every work out is hard but never out of your ability. The coach (Jake) evaluates your strength and level of fitness and pushes you just right. So it doesn't matter what kind of shape you are in, you will get a great work out out of every single session. I have noticed that all parts of my fitness have improved during this short period of time I have been going. Everyone is really friendly and you never feel pressured or judged. You are encouraged by your peers and the coaches there and just make you want to come back time and time again. Everyone I step into this gym, the people there make you feel like they are happy to see you. And I think they really are!!!
4	So far, so good.  I was a bit concerned about joining a CrossFit gym, since injury is a common occurrence with these types of workouts, but FreeStyle Crossfit is doing a great job of preventing that.  There's a fantastic focus on safety and proper form, along with personal attention from the instructors to ensure that form keeps up during the workout.  Since it 's in what looks to be an old garage/service shop, and it's on a main street, the smell of motor oil and musk of car repair is definitely present.  ...not exactly what I want to be breathing in when I'm winded from a killer workout.  I'd also heard that CrossFit trainers push pretty hard for people to lift super heavy, even if you're not comfortable with it.  Again though, I've been impressed by the focus on safety.  It may take a little pushing back, but they'll let you go down in weight if you need to, in order to keep good form.All in all, a great workout and great trainers - even if you get a little black lung along the way.Oh!  Sidebar: people take themselves pretty seriously here...so make sure you're comfortable with the people in your class before you start in with sarcastic jokes or any insinuation that this is anything less than serious business.  This girl likes to laugh a little during her workouts, so if you see me there, feel free to poke fun at my meager burpees.
5	Great owner.....awesome coaches....and downtown baby! Proper form and safety is key with Jake and his coaches. At my age its important to keep injuries at bay and FreeStyle encourages safety overall. Come and join us, have fun, and get into the most fit level of your life.
5	Don't expect fancy shmancy workout equipment. This is your old school "questions your insanity" hardwore gym!!
5	Great place great people and great location.  Excited to see where they're headed!
5	If your staying Downtown only 5 minutes away...Great Coaching & fun WOD's...We will definitely go back!!!
5	This Box is awesome. I dropped in and was immediately welcomed by Jake. Jake is a very diligent, humble, and well versed instructor. The feel of the location is great. It is in an area that is on the edge of the revitalization of downtown LV. It's not fancy. It's a crossfit box that you go to for quality instruction, good programming, and results. Don't be scared by the surrounding area. I took the bus here a couple times and had no problem. Jake even remarked that he walks to/from the box every day and never has any safety issues.Often I go to crossfit boxes and rate them. Many are good boxes and some are very good. Although I would be happy to be a member at most of those 4 and 5 star boxes that I have rated, this one just has a cool vibe to it that I was happy to be a part of. There is even a massage therapist on duty that can work out all your kinks..... Check this place out and you will see what I mean.
5	I've been coming to Freestyle for about seven months, and it's awesome.  The coaches are excellent, and the community is very welcoming.  Jake has built an awesome box.  I've had great results since I started coming here.  I've had a blast being a part of the Freestyle Crossfit family! :)
5	I can't say enough good things about this place. It's challenging, welcoming, always changing, and never boring. Jake, Cody, Taylor, Shawn, & Katy  are very knowledgeable, and bring their individual style to every class. Frankly I'm not the sharpest bowling ball in the bunch, but each trainer always finds a way to explain a new movement or exercise so that it makes sense to me. Some of this stuff is crazy hard! Did you know they expect you to do stuff on your HEAD?..I didn't. But I can now! There is a serious element here, but there's a bigger element of camaraderie, focus, and constant improvement. It's a lot of fun and there are always events going on.
5	Best workout ever, challenging and fun! My hubby and I started coming to FreeStyle CrossFit 4 months ago on a one month trial-- we decided to spend more time together and work on our health. Since then, we have continued on and we have both gotten so much stronger and leaner, thanks to Jake and Cody. The payoffs go way beyond aesthetics-- we can play with our son for longer and pick him up quickly, move crap around the house with ease, etc. Life is easier and better. Plus, the workouts are fun- it is addictive like a sport, competing against others each day but mostly against yourself. We have never been injured, not even close. There is also what Jake calls a "strong nutritional message" at this box-- we have had free nutritional seminars and nutrition challenges which educate and motivate us. Jake gets no extra $$ from doing this, and it takes extra work, but he and the other trainers I think truly care about our health and fitness.I hear all boxes are great, and admittedly this is my first one, but so many drop ins and CrossFit diehards I've talked to say there's something special about this box. The camaraderie and positive attitude here are hard to explain, so you just have to try it for yourself.
5	I barely went a gym at all before crossfit - it was boring, and I didn't know what to do. At the recommendation of some friends, I tried Freestyle Crossfit since it was on the way to work and had convenient times. I could barely do a pushup! A little while later, and I can at least make a solid showing at things I would have never even considered before. Jake, Cody, and the rest of the staff are encouraging and even make total beginners feel comfortable doing their best while making sure we're not going to hurt ourselves doing something wrong. If you're considering a workout you should drop in for a session - but give it at least a few times before you decide it's not for you. The demo WOD is rough if you're not already active!
5	I've been doing Crossfit for about 5 months now and dropped in for a week on a recent trip to Vegas. I was nervous at first about going to a new box, but I was quickly put at ease on my first warm up of my first day. The gym is spacious, they've got ample bumper plates and barbells (tons of NEW 20kg barbells with really nice deep knurling!) I was never in a class that was too crowded, they keep the workouts nice and varied through the week and the community seemed really great and supportive of one another.
5	Amazing workout!! Did crossfit for the first time this morning and loved it. If you wanna get a great workout with a great instructor, this is the place to go!!
4	I went to this box on my recent trip to Vegas because it was close to my hotel. It's a smaller box but the coach that was there that day was great. VERY very attentive and motivating coach. You could see him making sure each athlete was going the moves correctly and giving pointers where needed. Another thing I appreciated was that he introduced me to the rest of the class. Not all boxes do that. My box does that which I think shows how friendly a box is.  Though it might be a small box, they have all the stuff needed to have a good workout.
5	I've been a member for almost a year now and looked at several other boxes prior to joining.  My priority was to join a box that had attentive coaches that help each member correct their form so that they can succeed during the intense workouts, I found this with the owner, Jake.  The atmosphere is fun in this gritty gym with no "meat heads" that can make some uncomfortable.  They encourage a sense of community while encouraging members to interact socially.  I'd encourage anyone from the couch potato to avid athlete to give them try and travelers to drop in for a great workout.
5	Very welcoming for out of towners. Closest box to downtown and the center-north end of the strip. Everyone was really nice and supportive. Small box that can feel crowded, but a great workout with excellent trainers. As an added benefit, think of all the money you save by not sitting in a casino instead!
5	I had never tried Crossfit before I went to FreeStyle. Now I've been with FreeStyle for 1 year and 4 months! Jake and Cody are not just my trainers, but they are my friends. As far as the actual workout goes, I've seen my body go from puffy to toned! I didn't really have the goal to lose weight, but to tone up and get stronger and that has definitely happened! I have also made friends through the gym that will now be lifelong relationships! There is no pressure in this gym to push yourself beyond your abilities/strengths. They are always watching to ensure you have the proper form. This Crossfit is welcoming and open to all skill levels and fitness goals! I highly recommend it.
5	Stopped in to squeeze in a workout during a weekend trip to Vegas.  Could not have been more welcoming.  Supportive but serious atmosphere.  Good facilities.  Hope to pop again if I'm ever back in in Vegas.
5	My very first "box" that I joined (all thanks to groupon) and I can seriously call this home. I was very skeptical at first because it was located in the downtown area of Las Vegas. I gave it a go, and I'm very pleased to say this place is well worth to visit. From the previous reviews, it mentioned the smell of a typical auto shop...I don't even smell it one bit. The class does fill up fast in the 5pm and 6pm, so if you do want to train with more space, I recommend coming to the noon class. As Jake said, "It's a more intimate class" (less people = quality time with the coaches).Speaking of the coaches, Jake, Cody & Andre are wonderful and always motivational. They break down each movement to make sure everyone understands how to perform the exercise correctly. They love to crack jokes here and there, but when it's times to kick our butts, IT'S GAME FACE MODE! I am truly glad to be a part of this family and I'm looking forward to future butt-kicking WODs at this place. Definitely a 5/5.P.S. They have Oly classes every Wednesday at 6pm, and YOGA (that's right!) on Sundays at 11:15am* (had to edit this)
5	The workouts are varied everyday and they have incredible instruction. They have a good location, and although I'm biased because it's 10 minutes away from me, I still think it's accessible to most people as they are located in the middle of the city. The gym is not the biggest, BUT the most important thing for me is that working out here is not intimidating compared to the other Cross Fit gyms in town.
5	After researching several boxes in town, it came down to FreeStyle and one other (which will remain nameless), and I'm so glad I stuck to this place! To outsiders, crossfit culture carries a mixed reputation for being effective, yet brutally intense, and even dangerous, and the characters associated are frequently parodied. Not so at FreeStyle. If you are looking for the best, most effective workout (assuming your goal is to be in the best shape you've ever been in), than this is where it's at. The coaches are amazing at pushing you within your abilities. If you are at the beginning of your fitness journey, you will not feel intimidated or pressured in this environment, but you should definitely be ready to work. The members are amazingly supportive. Everyone is incredibly down to earth, and it's a fun place to be!
5	Awesome crossfit gym! Tried my 1st class yesterday- instructors are motivating & knowledgeable, solid equipment, nice downtown location. They modified the workout for me (I'm a weakling) and made sure I did all the moves right to avoid injury. I work out fairly regularly so was looking to be pushed hard and they delivered. I am SOOO sore today! Great workout. I will be back and  have already referred friends and coworkers.
