2	good service & clean but food was sub par.  we were disappointed & would prefer other cafes in the area over this one.  pancake were OK but potatoes and corn beef hash were dry & flavorless.
1	I firmly believe everyone is entitled to a "bad day", so I'll count this as Linda's Hoosier Cafe's bad day. Went in for breakfast the first time hoping to have the same level of service/food quality at the other place called Hoosier Cafe on Warner. Didn't get even close. The goods: Waitress was an absolute sweet heart! Place seemed really tidy and well kept. The prices seem really reasonable. There was a good selection of breakfast "specials" posted up front.The bads: The food took FOREVER to come out. My over medium egg had runny whites. The bacon was thin and nearly flavorless (cheap bacon probably kept too long in a steam table). I love me some bacon, and the fact that I didn't even eat more than 1/2 a piece really says something. My coffee cup went empty several times before I got refills. The syrup served with the pancakes was awful. It was very bland and tasted more like Karo syrup with brown coloring as opposed to maple syrup. I know REAL maple syrup is expensive, and for the price I wouldn't expect it here, but jeez, spend a little more on some higher quality syrup please. Mrs. Butterworth's would have been better.  Even the Tabasco sauce was sub-par. The bottle label was all faded and peeling, making me think this place refills with watered down Tabasco. Is that even possible with the tiny bottle openings?  All that said, I will go back and give another chance because the waitress was so nice and apologized for the syrup and slowness with the food. I also want to try the B&G.  I think this place could be really good if the management would heed all the negative comments and make some modest changes.
4	I have been here at least 3 times total for breakfast. I have never had a bad experience. Food has always been good. Coffee really good. Our waitress was real nice and kept checking back to see if we needed anything. I had the corned beef and hash, eggs, potatoes. All was tasty. The place has a homey feel. Usually the crowd has been quite a bit older, retirement age, but that doesn't bother me. Also my meal was under 10 dollars. I will be back.
5	I am always impressed with a waitress who fills my coffee cup without me having to ask,  it happened here. My omelette was made to order and full of bacon and cheese  It was as delicious as  the potatoes that accompanied  it. The price was about 25% less than any other breakfast joint in the area. Will I be back? As sure as sunshine in the morning!
5	Yelp states this cafe is closed on Sunday, this however is incorrect. The cafe is open, very busy and the servers were hustling. Good breakfast at a good price. Give this place  a try.
