3	OK, so what am I -- a guy -- writing up Donald Pliner for?  Well, yeah, they do have some men's shoes, but that's not why we were there.  I say "we" because my wife Lynn (aka Imelda) has a thing for Donald Pliner shoes.  While in Hawaii, she picked up an opalescent turtle-like leather show with a metal heel that was -- well, you get (or most of you get) the idea . . . So, being the wonderful, charming, AND faithful husband I am, I told her that Donald Pliner had a store here . . . .Wonderful shoes, but low inventory ("We're out of that one in your size") and several pairs that SHOULD have been comfortable but weren't and -- well, you get the idea.  I think she'll still be buying them at Nordie's.
5	This is a review of Pliner's approach and style (truly original, but certainly "not for everyone,) this location, and especially their sales person - Milijana, or Mia as she introduced herself.  Making my purchase on 12/18 during their holiday sale I literally tried on 25 pairs of shoes before making my final selection - a half-lacquered pair of black suede shoes unlike anything I've previously seen.While the store did not have my size in stock, Mia brought me shoes made from the same mold and informed me that not only could the size I need (11) be mailed to my home, but it could be accomplished with no tax and free shipping since I lived in Ohio.In retrospect I wish I'd have bought more pairs of shoes while I was there, but as it stands they've guaranteed I'll return on my next Vegas visit.
5	Excellent designs for men and women, and bend over backward sales staff.After walking all up and down Las Vegas Blvd, seeking a pair of unique men's shoes, I was starting to give up hope.  Every place I went had hot hot hot women's shoes, but the men's shoes were so boring and department store-like.  Then, while walking in The Forum, out of the corner of my left eye, I spotted a pair of leopard skin men's shoes, on a pedestal, which I swear had my name on it.  I took two steps back, and made an immediate left turn into that store, determined to walk out of there with a pair of shoes that I knew I'd never see on other men on a regular basis.  Armed with that criteria, and a good eye for shoes that pop, the sales woman, Isabelle, set out on a journey to help me fulfill my desire.   While Donald J Pliner did have some standard designs, such as classic black loafers, the majority of the shoes were made to be the star of the outfit, more so than the clothes.  A calf skin loafer and boot, leopard skin buckle over loafer, silver loafer with metallic embellishments, were just a few of the amazing pieces they had.  I walked out the door with a pair of silver sequined shoes, with hand-sewn glass beads, creating a sparkling stepper.  As I took them out of the box, other patrons in the store were begging me to do a runway model walk of the shoes, which I was pleased to do.  While there were four shoes there, which I wanted, my luggage could only accommodate room for one pair.  Though, on my next trip to Las Vegas, a second pair will likely be obtained.The sales staff are knowledgeable of the makings of each shoe, where the materials come from, and where the shoe is assembled.  If your size isn't in stock, they will order the shoe for you, and have it shipped to your door.  Though I wasn't in the market for women's shoes, I can say that if the men's shoes were as awesome as they were, then the women's collection must be even livelier.
5	Love the shoes .  Soft and comfortable.  Great sale.
5	What a great selection of shoes here!  Nice sale going on too.  Great staff, friendly, and we love the shoes we got!
4	I think the associates assumed we weren't going to buy anything and were ignoring us until they could tell we were actually interested in making a purchase. After that they were amazing.Some of the shoes are completely impractical, but Mr. J found the most amazing pair of grey/red dress shoes with a matching belt. He's extremely pleased with them and will probably purchase again in the future. I wouldn't buy shoes here (my size is harder to find) but I will drool over what Mr. J calls "the shiny" while he conducts business.So much shiny!Also, the collection of masks in the store is amazing. I loved the aesthetics of the place.
