4	This place is nice. I am glad to find someplace to buy Polish food. I moved to California from Chicago and was amazed that i couldn't find Polish food ANYWHERE near me so when I went to Las Vegas I tried this place and was very happy. The only thing they didn't have was my Krakus ham but the had all the other Polish food I have grown up with and it's much cheaper then having someone ship it from Chicago. Looking forward to many trips back!
4	This is a pretty neat place! They sell lots of freshly made pepperonis and sausages. MMm smokey! The farmer's cheese is good - more pungent that what American farmer's cheese tastes like. The coconut Princessa wafer-candy bar was YUMMY!!! (def. getting more of those). Lots of fresh bread displayed. Do they have pierogies? Is 15 flavors enough? Seriously! Sweet ones, savory ones -strawberry, plum, meat & potato, beef, cheese, too many to name. They run about $4-5 per package. Have fun! Go wild! A unique little jewel in Vegas.Closed Sundays.
2	I can't believe I'm giving Polish Deli two stars.  I used to love this place.  Alas, something has gone horribly wrong.  Rows and rows of empty shelves.  Diminished selection.  What happened??I used to stop by Polish Deli regularly.  Then, I got lazy, and ended up just going to Euro Delicacies because it was closer to my house.  In the interim, however, Euro Delicacies has surpassed them with selection of Polish goods.  Polish Deli still has the biggest selection of pierogi and Polish meats in town, but that's not saying much. You can also pick up Polish teas, over-the-counter drugs, and Wedel chocolates, something I haven't seen elsewhere in town (which are in the refrigerators because it's like 90 degrees in the store).  I'll still stop by for my blueberry pierogi and kapusta czerwona (red cabbage salad) but, then again, maybe I won't.  Seriously depressing.
5	Some of the people that rated this store don't have any idea of what Polish food is.Granted the store is quite small and limited as to inventory but the shelves are NOT empty,in fact quite full.The owners who work there are very helpful and polite.The selection of meats and sausages is always fresh the best blood sausage and ham in town.As to the AC it has been fixed and very nice place to shop.
4	Great blood sausage, and lots of other wonderful meats to explore.  The proprieters are very nice & helpful, and the prices are excellent.
4	Prices weren't so bad. I wish they had more to choose from though.It's a small owned business with fresh meats at the front counter. They have snacks, frozen foods and meats. I grow up in Ohio and you could easily find polish food there, but Vegas is lacking this. Employees were nice and let you shop without bothering you. I end up spending close to 40 bucks and could of kept going. I will return to try things I haven't before.
3	With my husband being of Polish descent and me being a huge pierogi fan, I felt it was necessary to make a stop here when we were driving by the other day.Do you like beets?  If you do, then get over here and find every kind of canned and frozen beet product imaginable.Other than the numerous beet products, I also found: candy, beverages, chocolates, a case of meats, and even some corn-curl type things with a scary rabbit mascot on the front of the bag.Oh, and there was Polish TV on which I thought was fun.Unfortunately, I couldn't eat most of the stuff here (that's Polish food in general though).  And more unfortunately, I was expecting some homemade super fresh pierogi, but instead was pointed to the freezer section.  I bought some anyway thinking that maybe they were something special but was disappointed again.  Instead of having a lot of potato like I'm used to, they were filled with lots of ricotta-ish cheese that I wasn't too fond of.If you like sausages and such, be sure to make a stop here.
5	We have a serious lack of any Polish places in Vegas, this felt like my old neighborhood Deli back in Chicago. Bread, "Bulki", Kielbasa....all the przyprawy you need for a Polish fest! i have always had a pleasant experience here every time I go. People are very nice, answer all my questions, let me know when things come in if its out.A true Gem in the Vegas community!
3	I have been to the Polish Deli twice and I got the same thing twice.  It's a Friday in Lent and my wife observes meatless Fridays.  What to make.  I was coming from Big 5 Sporting Goods and when I saw the Polish Deli, I got over to the right lane and turned in here.A quick perusal of the freezer case and I found the pierogis.  I chose the potato cheese because I'm not fond of the other flavors.  I have never had one of the fruit flavored ones, but I'm sure they'd be OK for dessert especially deep fried.There is a nice selection of Polish sausages on the counter behind.  I need to stop back and get some of their kielbasa.  It looks so much better than the stuff you see in grocery stores.Service was pleasant and quick.  The shop is small and questions are answered very politely.As a side note, this brand of pierogi, Alexandra's, was quite good.  Some fried onions in lots of butter and the pierogis baked for awhile, made a great meal.  I need to stop in here more often.
5	Great food! Best polish sausage in the world!
5	I lived in Poland for a couple of years and had to make a stop at the Polish Deli to look around a buy a couple of things I had been missing. This store was so nostalgic and took me right back to many little shops I had been to in Poland. Joanna, the clerk was super nice and was very friendly. it was great getting to speak Polish with a real Pole again also! This store had everything ...not a lot of options but something of everything. If you are wondering how corner shops are in Poland this will give you a good little taste. I will definitely be back.
5	Simply the only place in Las Vegas to get real polish sausages and other polish food and delicacies. The service is also great and friendly.  I shop here once a month and stuff my freezer.
5	If you are looking for some great polish food this is the only place in Vegas that has what you need.  They have a nice selection of kielbasa, pierogies, dumplings and cheeses.  So many other little items that you can't find any place else.  Its hard to only buy a few items when you're here as everything looks and smells sooooo good.  If your looking for some great polish comfort food this is your place.  Stop by and give them a try you won't be disappointed.
5	Just had an amazing experience in the Polish Deli!  My father is trying to impress a young Polish girls so we stopped in to learn a little about the culture and try some of the food.  What a delight as we tried the best sausages we've ever had!  Talk about addicting!  The cashier showed us several candies, cookies and snacks that would be familiar to the Polish and we took several home with us.  The place is so wonderful and the service was great.  She even taught us some of the Polish language!  I highly recommend!  We're new faithful clientele!
2	With the Jones Market being just a hop, skip, and jump away, I'm not entirely sure how this place stays in business. I mistakenly thought the name "Deli" indicated that they made sandwiches, but sadly they only sell the components to make sandwiches yourself. Not a big deal on it's own.But nearly all of their merchandize is identical to what you can find at Jones Market, and often at a better price. Plus JM has way more selection, as well as ready-made foods. This small store reminds me of the "Russian store" offered in San Antonio- very limited, with a  big part of the appeal being the frozen pirogies. The store is clean, organized, and well-lit. But again, the merchandize can be found elsewhere- even the frozen pirogies can be found at Sprouts, same brand, too, though not quite so many varieties/flavors.There may be a small thing or two this store has that others do not- a specific variety of jam, or maybe a particular brand, but by and large this store does not seem to have anything unique to offer.Even after reading reviews here, I was a little underwhelmed- and browsing their meat case, it was unclear which of their sausages was the "amazing polish sausage". Might come back because it's so close, but will likely continue patronizing JM as it's only a mile or so down the road.
4	Good selection of imported stuff.
