5	Lisa and Soirees ROCK...GREAT food and GREAT staff...Their DELI is a diamond in a corporate plaza rough!!  GREAT food there!!!!
5	I was a little surprised to read the reviews below, so I thought I would share my experience.  I have used Soiree's for my annual Halloween party for 200+ guests the past 3 years.  Lisa has been accommodating and Jeremy (chef) was great to work with at the event.  Devin and Jason were great bartenders.  I usually hear from a few guests how great the food was.  I'm not sure what happened to warrant such negative posts from the others, but I guess people are more apt to post a review when they've had a bad experience than those of us who have had good ones.
1	Used this caterer in 2008 for my wedding with 75 guests. Did not choose them myself as they had an exclusive contract with the venue. When we did our tasting, I was already concerned with the presentation and quality of food. We were paying approximately $100 per plate and I did not think it met that level of food quality. I emailed her to express my concern. Her reply is that she "never had a bride complain about her work." Big red flag! Since I was stuck with her, I gave her the benefit of the doubt. On the big day, as I suspected, the food was a disappointment. We had a cocktail hour and paid extra to have more selected appetizers passed. My guests told me later that items were still frozen in the middle. Plus, they did not bother to save us a plate of the items so when I asked where our plate was, they had to scramble to put something together and we only got 1 out of 6 items. Pretty sad since we were paying for this event that they did not honor the bridal party. The entree choices were prime rib and chicken. Once again, it was one step above cafeteria quality. The prime rib was overcooked and dry. Chicken dish was average. I budgeted a good portion so the food would be right. I feel food is a big part of a great party and it was my priority to have it well done. Even despite my concerns to her beforehand, she still blew it. So embarrassing to have frozen items served to close friends and family. You would think she took extra care to make it right after speaking to her.After the event, when I brought up the issues she basically said that they only budget $25/ plate. The rest is decorations and other stuff. Ridiculous that you do not inform us about that when planning the event. She did refund some money but it still does not repair the damage to my special day and the lasting memories of this problem. Warning to any bride if you are using them! Clearly there are other dissatisfied customers so this lady cannot even be trusted with her word. As a business that is a cardinal sin. I hope the owner reads this. If you are in the wedding business, you should have some ethics to realize your work is the realization of a lifetime of dreams. Do your job right! Not in a half ass way. Karma is a b****
