5	Some of the best sushi I have every found anywhere, but definitely Montreal.The sushi is inventive with a great variety of interesting rolls.  One of the best parts of the restaurant experience is the plate presentation.  The restaurant uses a lot of cut flowers, herbs and fruit/vegetables to make each entree special.  I'm always interested in seeing the presentation when I go.  The restaurant is very accessible to Old Montreal and is on Place d'Armes and on the same block as Notre Dame Cathedral so it's hard to miss.  One of the coolest things is the that most of the tables are aquariums with tropical salt water fish in them.... so you are eating directly on a piece of glass on top of the aquarium.  If you're touring Old Montreal and have a sushi craving, you won't be disappointed in this place!
1	This was by far the worst experience I've had in a while.Not only does Tatami boast inventive sushi with a tropical atmosphere, they have a seemingly reliable location in the Old Port of Montreal. What could go wrong?First of all, I'm sure that the sushi chef measures his rolls with a toonie. The rolls are small, mushy and they fall apart upon first contact with chop sticks. When you order, be prepared to get half of your meal. Only when I received my 8 out of 16 pieces was I told that they have run out of such things as avocado and scallop. I had to ask to order something else when the waitress looked at me with a blank stare.This brings me to service. You know that charming man with the squeegee  as you get off the Ville Marie? He beats these people ten fold in the service department. Having to ask for a menu, a glass of water and then to order more sushi because I wasn't told in advance that they have run out of "fundamentals" is unacceptable and lazy service. Then, to add insult to injury,  the bill took over 20 minutes to settle.And you know those "salt water tanks" tables? They are fishless and assume all of the legroom leaving diners to sit sideways.Sometimes, I can forget about terrible service when I'm saturated in a perfect meal- in this case, I'm trying to forget about the whole thing.Go somewhere else to spend a fortune. This isn't worth it.
2	The sushi here is pedestrian. Really basic stuff. Tempura seems to be their gimmick.
3	A friend I was with really wanted some sushi for dinner so we decided to try this place out.  We both ordered a couple of rolls.The rolls were okay and tasty, but I would have expected more from a place that boasts such inventive flavor combinations.  I think some of this was that when I normally order a specialty roll somewhere its bigger, but the special rolls were still tiny little rolls, just like any other simple standard roll you might order.The service was decent. This place would be good if you're in the area and you need a quick fix, but I wouldn't seek this place out for a good sushi experience.
3	Lovely (albeit pricy) sushi. Service is quick, and I like that they are happy to let you have it 'to-go'. Free tea while you wait. Great handrolled cones, and the right amount of wasabi per piece.
4	Regretfully, I haven't eaten in here yet, but due to the proximity of this fab little sushi spot to my office, I often get take-out for latenight work sessions.First off, the presentation.  I know it's supposed to be function over form, but the extra care the itamae put into the preparation truly shows.    Secondly, and more importantly, the fish is fresh, no one ingredient overpowers the other, and it all comes together well.  I look forward to dinner pickup at least one night of each trip to Montreal.
3	Decent place. Was in town on business travel and went to dinner with some co-workers. I enjoyed all of the rolls (we ordered 8 rolls for the table of 4) and the presentation was delightful.
2	Miso soup was good. Some rolls were good. Fish quality was suspect...Decor needed some work. That could easily be remedied to make this a nice place. Was drafty by the window - needs more heat. Not very full. Service was polite and punctual. Convenient location for tourist spots like Notre dame.
5	This is one of the best hidden gems.  I've traveled in and around Japan a few times and had great food and this restaurant rivals the very best in Japan. if you are a student looking for all you can eat sushi, this isn't the place for you.  On the other hand if you are a discerning pallet with a desire for exceptional exotic gastronomy then,  you will experience nirvana.
1	An incredibly bad "Japanese" rest. that included a meal that was impossible to finish.  It started off with powdered miso shiro soup that included fake crab.  The rolls were definitely pre-made causing the seaweed to stretch like rubber-- this only happens when the seaweed is on rice for a long time.  A lot of mayo in the rice- really bad.  Most of the rolls had a lot of the fake crab in them for volume, had little/no taste, and the fish...something wrong but could not identify the problem.  The most bizarre part of the meal was the fake shoyu sauce.  After mentioned that the sauce wasnt shoyu, we were informed it was "low sodium"-- was definitely not the case.  It had absolutely no taste.  They then brought out a very dark liquid that, again, definitely not soy sauce.  Again, we politely pointed this out.  The waitress came back 5 minutes later with yet another try at serving us soy sauce.  We just decided to pack it up and asked for the check.  $80, no drinks, a few roles and soup consisting of the above. Hate to give such a bad review but well deserved.....   Cant believe the "hidden gem" comment--- that it "rivals the best in Japan"-- just complete nonsense.  Definitely a company post-- Regards,Resident of Japan since 93'
