4	Well lit at night so ladies, you can feel safe.  Clean inside the store. Typical convenience store selection of goods and services. Friendly employees, unlike the typical gas station types which come across grumpy, Carnie like or BO ridden.  Fairly good prices considering it is a gas station. I picked up a gallon of Icee (44 oz)  and it is $.079, $.085 with Tax. Same price for the smaller sizes too, so treat yourself or future diabetes like I do. Gas prices are average with the area. Right next to a Double Play sport bar with gaming. Worth a pit stop if in the area.
4	Open 27 / 7 I left the hotel around 5:00am and stop to get gas for $3.45 a gal. the staff was friendly service with a smile,  the store is kinda large inside and clean too,around 9:15am the had gas  jump up to $3.57 .12cent with then 4hrs.  I'm still a fan cause it is still cheap....I'm going to go out on a limb and say that Vegas gas is lower then all the gas stations in Cali. I sure hope Nevada don't try to catch Cali. prices.
2	Cheapest gas around, but I'm a little bit concerned that I got charged for more gas than should have fit in my tank. I don't know if they're gallon counter is off OR if it was an issue with the fact it was 115 degrees outside.  Just to be sure, I don't think I'll be going back.
4	Still the cheapest gas in the south end of  Vegas,the prices was a little low than last year in Jun. so why not get something cheap when leaving this place and save some money if you have any left..LOL never crowded with the staff smiling faces.
1	I walked into the store at 6am on March 14. When I walked inside I went aright to cash registers and ask an African American about how to get my free drink because I came in last week to sign up for the rewards card and the African American lady said oh u have to print it at home and I said no It told me online it prints instore on ur next visit. The lady than said hold on while I ask my manger. The manger (blond hair with glasses)  came over and told me I was wrong and I said no how come on ur pumps it says get a free polar pop when u Sign up for the rewards card and the lady said well no u wrong again and I stood there arguing with her. She said go get ur drink and scan ur card.So I got my drink and went back to the African American lady and she told me I had to pay for something to get my free drink and so I paid $.85 and I scan my rewards card and received no coupon. So than both ladies said well too bad. So I said than I won't come back in to this store or any store ever again. They said well good we don't want ur business anyway.So I walked out with a $.85 crappy drink and very pissed off.
5	Best price for unleaded gasoline!  Located on the right side of Las Vegas Boulevard, after the 76 station and before South Point Casino,  next to Dotty's Gaming & Spirits!
