1	Golds Gym Peoria AZ Almost KIlled Me!!! I give Golds Gym 1 star only because it has a nice facility. WARNING!!! My friend Bette joined this Golds Gym in Peoria AZ. She is 53, 180 pounds and wanted to get into shape and lose weight. Heck, we all want to look good. Bette signed up for a year membership and a Professional Trainer named Jason. I week later, 2 training sessions, Bette is in the ER with Rhabo, which basically can kill you. Seems Jason, a certified ACE Trainer (from a community college) overworked her to such a degree by using wrong weights and training techniques that she ended up with Rhabo causing highly elevated kidney and liver toxins. This could have killed her. Bette was told by the Trainers she was at fitness level of a 75 yr old (computer program said that) and yet Jason had her doing leg crunches at 90 pounds to start. It gets worse with how badly he weighted her training with no consideration on her health, level of sedimentary history etc. This is not a professional! And records...none..we actually watched him fill out the form with what he did at his desk while we spoke with the manager. When Bette tried to cancel membership due to this illness, she was told it would cost her 100 dollars to cancel and they would not return the $200 she paid which included training. Now, that is a bad problem...we could have requested they pay the $2000 ER bill as well. We suggested the trainer pay the 100 and return her fees but no...the contract will not allow that. This is caring for your client! NO WAY. We will be pursuing this to highest levels as we fear this inadequate training placed on someone else like Bette can cause severe harm.
3	I'm really bummed to hear about Bonnie's experience, or rather, her friend's experience.   However, this is my review for my experience.  We recently purchased memberships for the new Downtown location in the Cityscape building and while it is being finished, members are allowed to workout at ANY of the other facilities until our membership kicks in on May 1.  Pretty sweet deal if you ask me.  Unfortunately, none of the locations are convenient to us, so we picked the best we could.  We've been coming here a few weeks and we've always had a pleasant experience.  The facilities are always clean, it's rarely crowded and there is a nice selection of machines to use.  My biggest gripes are the awful music and the crappy TV's.  Other than that, it's a solid gym and it's been nice working out there.
4	Very solid gym, new equipment and clean. They were very cool about getting me in there even though my membership was in Texas. No basketball court though.
3	Nice Gym, friendly staff.
1	Terrible ownership.  Very rude. Bad experience overall.  Gym is nice, but not worth the people there.
1	I considered joining this gym because it located right in the middle of where I live and work.  When I got there I said  that I would like to take a quick walk around to see their facility.  They wanted me to give them my name, address, phone number and email address before they would let me do that. I said I don't want to do that, Please show me your gym and I will let you know if it is what I'm looking for? They insisted that I give them my info first (for insurance reasons).  They were very rude and had a non caring attitude.  There is no gold in this gym : /
1	My husband and I joined the gym in January and as it had been a while for me - I signed up for a trainer - I was told it was a 3-month contract and that I could easily cancel if it wasn't meeting my needs.  So fast-forward 2 months and the trainer that I had been working with was let go ... and I don't get a call to set up a new training appt.  I go in to cancel the training thinking it would be easy - only to find out that not only is it not easy - I would be charged the full amount and if I don't pay it - it goes to collection.  The new training manager only seemed to be able to say he was sorry and nothing else to help - so I would totally suggest if you are looking for training go somewhere else - this place isn't worth it - and as for the rest of the gym - it's okay - but not worth the hassle!
5	I've had a very positive experience with Gold's Gym, I'm only one week into my membership but so far everyone on staff has been very helpful without being pushy. Dan was super helpful when I was picking out a plan and even though I wound up signing up online when I came in to get my card my boyfriend was so happy with the gym, classes and the staff that he signed up too.I have my own training program that I'm following so I was apprehensive to ask the trainers for a body fat percentage check without getting the standard sales pitch on personal training. I spoke with CJ who said he could schedule me for an orientation at a different time if I was interested (since he was with a client) but if I wasn't looking to purchase personal training I could just check in with a trainer at any time to have a body fat percentage check and they would help me out.I've never seen trainers so approachable and willing to help; even in the women's weight room someone stopped a trainer walking by for advice on a particular machine and she was more than happy to stop and help.I have friends who have been members for a lot longer and state that things have really improved since a change in management. So far I can happily say, these are not LA Fitness people. The administrative staff and trainers alike don't reek of the desperation of commission nor do they treat you like complete crap if you're an independent gym-goer. The positive attitude actually has me willing to consider the other perks they offer even if I'm not interested at this time.
2	Very unhappy with the management.  When I signed up I was told by him that there is a 49.95 start up fee (fine), and 9.95 a month (even better)  It seemed to good to be true so I especially asked about other charges and was told there were none. Just the 9.95 a month.  Well guess what!  I just found a $5o.45 charge on my bank statement.  I called customer service and was told that it shows on the contract, under the other expense category that I would be charged a $45.00 re-up fee every June.  I was a bit upset with the manager who lied to me, and customer service who could care less when I cancelled my account (with no reimbursement)  Bottom line, they can not be trusted, read the small print, my fault for not doing that, their fault for the lies.
4	Hate to read all the bad experiences here.  I don't plan on using the personal trainers here however....As for the gym, looked clean and neat.  Simple weights and low price.  9.95 a month which is low and the place is low frills.  Just put in your work on the weights, cardio machines and get out.  If your looking for an inexpensive, low frills, simple gym this is your place.I have to be a fan since I have not used some of the weight machines anywhere else.  Sometimes keeping it simple is a plus.  In a gym I think its a plus, I don't need to swim laps, watch a movie, hang out at a juice bar: just get in and get out.....
4	Signed up for the 19.95 month to month plan online and went in to work out the very same hour. It was super easy to get my scan card. No hassles or sales pitches from the front desk; just how I like it. All of the workers have been nice so far. This gym has all the equipment you could ask for. Check it out.
4	This is a good gym for anyone looking for a good workout. Their cardio here consists mainly of treadmill's but still has elliptical's and step machines. The weight area might not have as many machines as LA does but they are good quality and tons of dumbbells and benches. They have a juice bar area, and a women's area which is good for the ladies. Price is right here, sometimes the locker areas aren't the cleanest but what can you expect it's a gym. Secure your stuff good though I have seen broken glass in the parking lot and police patrols so stay alert and don't leave nothing for crooks to steal. By the way the weights here are great and the place is nice and cool with lots of fans and the air blowing cold.
1	Golds gym at 83rd ave and t bird was decent with my FIRST contract. Cheap price, no sign up fee and great equipment. My SECOND contract was a 1 YEAR just like my first. I brought my friend in to get a membership and before signing she decided it was too expensive. Later that day she got charged for a membership. We were pissed, went back in and the manager was BUSY and wouldnt come out of his office. Went to the other golds gym and saw the signature that the manager forged with her name to sign her up. Called corp to cancel and gave us the runaround. Finally cancelled and asshole manager got fired, or transfered. I call to cancel a few Months later to find out that i didnt sign for a 1 year contract like the guy said but a 2 year contract. I was pissed because u electronically sign and he didnt give me paperwork on purpose and i didnt think anything of it since i was a past member. Sadly they wouldnt take care of it and now its to collections. The gym itself is nice but some sales associates and managers are decieving. Will never go to a big corporate gym again with contracts. They ruined it for me :(
1	After 6 weeks of a broken AC unit in the gym I again asked DJ the club manager why it has not been repaired and it should not be taking this long. I was yelled at by DJ and told repairs will be done with they get done and if I don't like it to find another gym to workout at. I have never been yelled at by a manager as a paying customer when I question anything. His job as a manager is to field questions and concerns of his paying customers without losing his temper. Apparently customer service is not his forte.
1	I really wish i could give golds gym of Peoria 0 stars. First, let me stat by saying this golds gym is one of the worst managed heath facilities I've ever paid for..  You pay twice a month for upkeep and maintenance fees, but why are there still mirrors with shattered glass, weight benches that are torn, broken televisions, and no complementary towels. I attempted to bring two guest to the gym Labor Day weekend and was told they won't be granted access unless they either sign-up or pay 15 per person due to not having guest privileges attached to my membership. Keep in mind this so called "policy" started in December of 2012 and I've worked out here for over 2 years. So how would I know to sign up for guest privileges - if this "policy" started December of 2012? I asked the front desk associate if we can just work out for the day and got the response I've ask my manager but I think he will say the same thing.. The manger was a few feet behind and didn't even come and speak with me directly until I requested him to come over..  Basically, I drove over 25 miles to the gym to turn around and go home.. I will resign as a Golds gym member after this incident!
1	I have been with Golds for about  5 months and I just cancelled my membership. The management is horrible, there is always something not working; the sauna, wi-fi, etc. The machine that you pay for snacks and drinks never works. I used to be able to pay for a $1 bottle of water with a dollar cash. All of a sudden it started charging tax and you cannot put in change for the tax. Instaed you have to put in another dollar, then have a balance on your account. I brought this issue up to the manager but he told me its always been that way, and basically blew me off....this was a couple of months ago. He's a real jerk and not really suited for the job of being a manager. Today, the machine was broke and they could not take my money for a bottle of water. In addition the sauna is broke....I finally give up. There are other gyms around here that are much better. Maybe when new management arrives things will improve.
1	Well Blaine...you should teach your educated staff not to tell new customers that if they upgrade to $19.99 plan that there's no annual fee!!!! Oh do I see a review that your efficient staff charged someone else's fee on their account. Yeah your staff are soooooo on the ball!!!!  You have such great customer service skills. I can't understand why someone would write a review on how rude your staff are when you set SUCH A GREAT EXAMPLE!!! BEWARE!!! All the good reviews are lies!!!  There's a reason why the membership is only $9.99. The place is a dump and don't be surprise when you get billed with their hidden fees.  Don't bother talking to the manager because he has the check-in girl doing the new registrations when she is obviously not qualified. She doesn't even know what's on these contracts and she was using someone else's log-in to register. That should have been my red flag. DO NOT make the same mistake.
2	The gym facilties are adequate and very clean and the classes are good. I would give Gold's Gym a 5 star rating if it wasn't for the billing practices. My husband and I signed up almost 2 years ago and at the time were signed in to a 2 year contract paying around $17 a month as our big corporate discount. Since that time Gold's has offered a $9 month to month membership as long as you don't participate in classes which we don't. I called to see what we would need to do to switch to the reduced program and was told that we would not be able to until our original contract was up and then we would each need to pay $100 to reduce to the lower $9 month to month membership. As a customer it feels like you are being punished for being loyal and signing up before the other month to month members. It seems to me that if I was willing to sign up for 2 years knowing I would have to pay every month that I was in for the long haul which may not be the case with your newbie month to monther's. I personally do not feel members should be penalized if they signed up before Gold's offered this new membership. I am a good customer and was considering signing up for personal training until I realized this company's billing policies. Now I don't want to hand over another penny over what I am obligated to pay and I will likely move over to YouFit or LA Fitness in the few short months when my contract is up.
3	I think you get what you pay for with this gym. I signed up online for the 19.95 plan. I loved the online process and the very straight forward pricing. When I arrived at the gym the girl at the desk was extremely rude. She literally said less than 5 words to me. She didn't even greet me. She just said "ID". Then handed me my card and said "Go in". That was it. I had never been to the gym before and she didn't offer a tour or the fitness assessment they offer with the membership. I also never had a chance to ask any questions. I still am wondering about the childcare, but I guess I will have to go figure that out on my own.The equipment was all good though and I love the classes I have attended thus far. They have all you need in a gym and at a very fair price. Overall, I am happy with them, but because of rude staff members, they get 3 stars.
1	No parking, rude staff, equipment often broken, sauna almost never works
3	We've been members here for a while with no major complaints but I'd say this place is pretty average. The maintenance on the machines could be better- seems like something is always malfunctioning on one machine or another. Despite signs everywhere about using towels and not leaving gym bags on the floor people ignore both of those rules. We've never had any issues with the billing and they were always willing to give me a printed statement when I needed one for work. Price is decent and even at peak times machines are usually available. Parking could be better but that isn't really their fault. The front desk staff says hi if they aren't busy chatting or whatnot, but I don't really need to socialize at the gym anyways so that isn't a huge issue. For a gym where I can do my thing and get out this does the trick.
3	The good:Pay as you go.Affordable plans. 2 of us costs $20/month. There is an additional yearly maintenance fee but the price is still far lower than other gyms.Plenty of machines if you want get in, work out, and get home.Wi Fi connection if you want to stream some music for your workout.Free classes. Workout room for women if you want some privacy.Friendly staff and sales staff didn't seem overly pushy.Occasional free samples of products.Next door to a great Chiro!Across the street from Sprouts if I want to grocery shop and workout in 1 trip.The meh:Gym towels are $1. So make sure you bring your own. You are required to have  a towel.Guest signup page feels pretty intrusive to me. They ask for more info than I really want to write on a document that dozens of people will see. They also now require guests to handover ID. We haven't had an issues with that but I can see people being uncomfortable.There are plenty of weight lifting machines but maintenance seems pretty slow when something breaks down. I'd recommend getting to know multiple machines.When it is busy, getting weight machines can be hard at times. It isn't as bad as other gyms but can be frustrating when people are claiming 2-3 machines at the same time instead of just cycling through whatever is free.The bad:The parking. It is a nightmare. This really isn't their fault but just be aware of that.Prices. Prices are fair. But if they run a special later, be prepared to not be able to take advantage of it. My uncle was a long time member when he was visiting the chiro and PTs often to deal with knee problems. He'd go workout as part of his PT. The problem? His old price was $40/month. When they started offering the $10/month and month to month pricing, he asked about changing over. They wanted to charge him $200 to change to the new plans. That does not seem like a good way to reward your loyal customers. We never had any issues but it is something to be aware of for new members.Overall I feel the good outweighs the bad. I just want to go with my wife, do 15-30min of aerobic, and use 6-10 weight machines and get home. This seems like a great place for that. If you want anything more guided, there may be better places. But that is not what I was looking for.
5	I signed up for Golds Gym at this location in August of 2011. I was told up front about all of the terms with the exception of if a credit card is declined then members are charged a $25.00 fee. My card which I did not know was automatically setup on Automatic renewal monthly was declined due to the account being closed. I was very upset and one of the regional's contacted me via email and was unable to help me or offer any solutions at all which I thought more could have been done however, I realize that I did not fully read the terms and conditions which most people don't and SHOULD! The customer was wrong in the instance.I have waited 2 years for my contract to end so that I could join another gym however, in those 2 years I have come to really really love this gym. The staff is always super friendly, the machines are in great shape (not sure what people are talking about when they say the machines are always broken and take forever to repair as this has never happened to me). Even the members are awesome and you can tell its a place that emphasizes top of the line fitness as most of the people that come here are HOT! I come here about 3 to 5 days a week depending on outside personal training and I look forward to coming to this location not to mention their location in downtown Phoenix is AMAZING! Needless to say I will NOT be joining another gym and will be coming in probably today to talk about the next step.Thanks Golds and to all the staff at the Peoria location.
5	5 stars. NO complaints. Easy to sign up. affordable. Always clean even members clean up after themselves with that spray bottle full of pink stuff next to the paper towels. I enjoy the women's room it makes me feel comfortable.
1	I have been trying to sign up for about 1 week now!!! No one knows anything about discounted fees with your health insurance plan. UnitedHealth care offers a discount  for a gym membership. Golds being one of them. I printed the form and staff knows NOTHING!!! I also called UnitedHealth care just to make sure and yes we do get a discount. I also sent an email to golds headquarters NO REPLY
3	This is a great gym for getting some weights and cardio in quick and getting back to my day.  The classes are so-so but that's not why I signed up. The only bad thing about this place is the horrendous parking situation, but I've started working out in the morning before work instead and that situation does not exist at 5am.  :-)I pay $17 a month which is great compared to the $35 I was paying at LA Fitness!  Even with the annual fee, it works out to be much less overall.  I'm not sure what other reviews are referring to as far as "maintenance fees".  I have not experienced this and have been a member for a year now.I used to belong to Golds Gym in ABQ as well and people, if you are looking for all the bells and whistles, this has never been that kind of place.  People here seem to be much more serious about their workout than at other gyms, and I like that.  Get in, get out.
4	Ever since I pulled my hip and cannot do zumba as often as I used to...I decided to get a gym membership to get in my cardio and to lift weights as my dr said. Golds is right down the street from work so I decided to pop in and check it out. The staff and management were super nice that after I was shown around (not that its a huge place) I decided to sign up for a membership. $15.99 month and a one time annual fee...plus a day care with a $2 drop in fee...you can't beat that.  I have acutally enjoyed wprking out and coming to the gym the I decided to sign up with a personal trainer which was the best idea ever! Not pretentious like other trainers I've dealt with.Yes you have your typical fake boobed girl who is in full makeup with their hair done and super juiced looking dude lifting weights...its gold gym for crying out  loud but if you come at the right time of day.....you don't have to deal with any of that.  I would give it 5 stars if the day care was open later on the weekends but other than that....I dig this place.
3	Not a bad place to work out, nice variety of machines, and so far the (most) staff and patrons have been very friendly. This place definitely gets busy during the after work hours, which isn't too bad but don't anticipate on there being any available parking during the week.
1	Do not go here! Place is way overcrowded, bathrooms were nasty. Tons of break ins in the parking lot. This place has outgrown it's size. Also if you cancel they will try to send you to collections. Again I can only stress, DO NOT GO HERE!!!
1	I'm pretty new to gyms, I started going a few days before Christmas. Each Gym seems to have its own enrollment and cancellation fees. The difference between Gold's and other Gyms is that Gold's pretends that it doesn't have these things. Gold's thinks you're just too stupid to read their fine print. I went in for a one week trial with a friend. I had been working out at home and with another friend at a different gym as a guest for about a month. Gold's was closer to home which was nice. My first few times there were great. Then came the last two days of my two week trial. What they told me about this "$1 enrollment fee" was bull. Apparently, It was $1 to enroll...and then they charged you the other $98 later. So since that was a no-go, let's do some math. It'd be $220 a year to do their "Basic" package. Which is $100 up front but then "month-to-month" (you basically pay for ten months up-front. But they still charge you that fee. K.)It'd be $180 for the full year at $15/month. I don't remember if there was an enrollment fee for this or not. And then the premium package would be $250. With $20/m and $10 starting fee. Why is the most expensive option only $30 more than the least expensive option. What kind of bass awkwards ish is that? Oh, but that last option is "month-to-month"! No. No, it isn't. The salesmen will tell you it is. Then as you're reading the paperwork it says "cancellation fee if canceled within the first six months of service". Uhm. Isn't the point of month to month to have the freedom to quit WHENEVER THE HELL I PLEASE? Not "whenever you choose so long as it's after we've got atleast $110 out of you."Atleast let me do my jaw stretches before you try to shove it in my mouth again, Gold's. Geez.  I don't recommend going here at all. The staff was non-commital unless you wanted to spend money on their facility. Which seemed on the lower side of average from what I've seen from gyms anyway.
1	Called to this location to inquire about new membership pricing, was told by Danielle they had a special of $1 down, $9.95 per month and a annual fee of $39 due the following month, I told her I would be in either yesterday or today to take a look around, got there today was told the $9.95 special ended yesterday and now the price was $10 down and $14.95 per month...I inquired as to why hadn't she told me yesterday was the last day to sign up for that deal...no answer just a sorry....I decided to leave without signing up for membership.Went home and waited an hour and called...spoke with Danielle AGAIN under a alias to inquire about new member specials...guess what? The special is now $1.00 down and $9.95 per month....funny how an hour earlier Danielle stated the deal had expired yesterday.Save your time and money on these shiesty folks over here. My next stop will be 24 Hour fitness
5	I love this place. No nonsense no drama. Inexpensive and very clean. Equipment works great. Everything I wanted in a gym. And thanks to the inexpensive cost I have lost an additional 20lbs in my weight loss journey.
1	First off the annual fee isn't mentioned anywhere on the online part. They lure you in with the price. Now the machines there are okay, but not great. More than half the machines cannot read the heart rate correctly or has a problem. Which isn't a problem really. Where the cherry is put on top of a crap sundae is the other people working out. I'm almost scared to even go in the weights section, but I'm fine I am there for cardio. You have the girls cruising, guys cruising which isn't a surprise. But what creeped me out was using the showers. I didn't have a phone or wallet stolen, but someone did take off with my underwear, that I had just worked out and sweated in. Yes, gross and creepy.I had a problem with parking my scooter there. Someone actually was angry enough to move it themselves. Surprisingly , the parking is the reason I won't be coming back and I suggest anyone reading to look at another gym.I've also heard bad things about the day care from passing conversation, just mentioning.
1	I came to this gym on a guest pass today with my friend. We were working out together going set for set (we had multiple witnesses too) and the Fitness Manager TJ came up to us and kicked us out! He said I was "training" my friend. I don't see how two friends working out together, going set for set, where one person is helping to correct the form of their friend between sets, is considered training! TJ needs to get a clue! I was going to join today and get a membership but the way I was treated means I will NEVER come back to this Golds!! TJ was beyond rude, and then when I spoke to the Club Manager, he apologized for TJ's behavior and said "That's just how TJ is." Um? If you know one of your managers is rude, maybe you should try to correct his behavior... Just a thought! I do NOT recommend this gym!!!Now that I think about it, maybe it's because we are gay. TJ did seem like the kind of guy who might be homophobic.
5	This is a great gym if you really want to train. It's inexpensive and there is enough equipment that even during the busiest times you can still get in a killer workout. If your thinking of getting personal training the trainers there are excellent. The head trainer TJ will usually workout with you for the first session and pair you up with a trainer. Whoever you get all of the trainers there are GREAT! Sean, who is my trainer, has helped me make some serious gains in the past 6 months after I had leveled out and was not making any working out on my own. With his help I have perfected my form, substantially increased the weight I can lift and have improved my definition. As far as the contracts... they are pretty easy to understand not sure why anyone would have so many problems. As far as customer service goes I had a problem where my bank had issued me a new card because it had been compromised. Because of it my payment did not go through and I was charged a late fee. I explained the problem and gave them the new card number and they happily reversed the fee. So I'd say their customer service is pretty good. Also, the locker room and the facility is clean and for you parents they even have daycare.As part of the membership they also have numerous classes that are available.Don't be intimidated away by the negative experience of a few people. It's a great gym to accomplish your goals whatever they are. Go see Sean, TJ and the rest of the crew if you want to get it done.
3	I've been going to golds gym for 3 maybe 4 years when I first started it wasn't so packed but if you stay away during the peak hours like 5 to 630 it's not that bad I go at 10 am and 7pm so I miss the crowds most people can't. If you want a gym to just mess around at go to la fitness I'm sure they have plenty of room for you. If you want to train with heavy weight and build actual muscle go to golds
3	I only come here to use the Women's weight room when I don't feel like being judged. Just started getting back into training and that room is perfect if you want some privacy. Super busy weekdays after 4, no parking, no cardio equipment available, and no friendly staff. Would def recommend going to the Tempe location for more options and a better experience.
1	Dumbbells everywhere. Not labeled. Smells a lil funky. It is a nice gym but just not maintained very well.
2	So many pieces of equipment are always broken or needing repair. I know gyms always go through wear and tear but they have 1 flat bench to work out on. 2 pieces of leg curl equipment is broken. Multiple pieces of benches and seats are broken by the dumbell rack. Not good for business when it feels like half the equipment is under repair...
5	In town from LA (home of the uppity gyms). I had to find a place to get a day pass so I could run my required 14 miles for marathon training. Needless to say, I went to this Gold's. Wow! Clean. Spacious. Helpful, courteous, knowledgeable employees. A very cool refreshment area that is fully automated. Impressed! Next time I'm in AZ I'll be back!!!!
