5	The Loon Fung will always have a special place in my heart. Every year my family and I spend a long weekend in Edinburgh taking in lots of shows at the festival and without fail we stop in here to have an enormous Chinese feast. We always over order but I never learn to recognise my own limits. When you a stitch from eating too much food that's when you know you're enjoying yourself!Salt and Chilli Chicken wings are my favorite starter although the King Prawn version is also pretty good. Make sure you get some Chinese tea to help you pace your drinking and cleanse your body (am I kidding myself by thinking this minus' calories?). Crispy duck is a must for mains but it's also worth getting a noodle dish too. If I had one warning I would say that the Loon Fung is the kind of place where you need to get to know the menu. A few of the dishes can be a bit too sweet or greasy and some the descriptions are a little misleading. Nonetheless this is still one of my favourite restaurants. I'm really sad that I can't remember the name of the lovely woman who owns the Loon Fung but you'll be sure to know who I mean when you see her warm smile. If there is even the smallest mouthful still left in your bowl she'll offer to wrap it up in a doggie bag for you to take home as she really hates to see food go to waste. Great service, great food, great fun. Well recommended!
1	We ordered takeout in July 2009.  We ordered two vegetarian hot and sour soups, dumplings, and a chicken dish.  When we got home we had 3 soups and one dumpling - one soup was filled with shrimp. I have a shrimp allergy, so this was not appreciated.  There was no chicken dish.The soups were mediocre. The dumpling was tasteless and I threw it out.  Thankfully I found the shrimps before eating them.  Overall this was one of the worst meals that we have ever had at a Chinese restaurant.
3	Good all round Chinese with all the usual favourites. A tad pricey but defo the best Chinese in the Cannonmills area.
4	Our Chinese restaurant of choice, don't expect "fancy schmancy" decor, instead find great food and fabulous staff, well worth a visit.
3	Going to a Chinese restaurant is a tricky prospect for me. After eating so much Chinese food in Hong Kong and Singapore I have a lot more questions: is this Cantonese? Do they serve shark fin? Is it more American Chinese or Chinese Chinese? Luckily, we had a friendly patron waiting out front of Loon Fung ready to answer all these questions and profess that it was the best Chinese he had eaten in the city. That was good enough for me.When we sat down my sister and brother-in-law and I compared our must haves: i need extra vegetables, they needed the aromatic crispy duck with pancakes (Peking duck) and hot and sour soup, we agreed on fried rice and bean curd and black bean sauce. It was all so good. The duck especially was a much larger serving than I am used to and we could make our own pancakes. The fried rice tasted just like home.As dinner wore on and we worked our way through the large amount of food the dining room slowly filled up. When we had arrived there was only one other table but when we left it was full. Before leaving however we ordered the toffee banana and lemon sorbet, served in a frozen hollowed out lemon. I would give the banana a miss but the lemon was cool.All in all, it was a pleasant reminder of what Chinese food is outside of China.
3	This was pretty good Cantonese food, for British/Scottish standards I suppose. The dishes were on the small side but the quality of the food was good. We had the seafood bird's nest which, on first glance, I thought it only had seafood balls in it. But eventually we uncovered some scallops and shrimps. The bird's nest was done nicely, crispy but not too heavy dough. We also had the sweet and sour pork which was fine, lots of pineapple chunks which my toddler son always loves to eat. The staff were friendly and helpful. They seem to be from Hong Kong but have lived in the UK for quite a long time now. So I think that's probably why the food is slightly westernized and not truly authentic Cantonese anymore.
