3	I can finally say that I've been to the elusive Eagle's Crest in the sticks of northeast Madison. Two days later, I am still struggling to digest the burger I consumed on Sunday morning. They don't even glamorize this real-deal burger with 16oz beef, 8 strips bacon and a think layer of melty cheese for $8. I can't even see how they make money.Is it the best burger in Madison? I don't think so. It's not very well seasoned and the massive amount of meat is hard to handle. Is it an adventure in fun townie bar that has good cocktails? Yes.
1	Horrible service.  We went for "Taco Tuesday."  We waited for nearly 15 minutes before walking up to the bar to ask if we could get some service.  "I thought you were helped" the lady grunted at me as she took our order.  She was the only bar keep in the place.  Must have an Alzheimer's style memory. Nearly 10 minutes later our drinks showed up.  We witnessed others get their food that had ordered after we did.  We ordered the taco special, so being "Taco Tuesday," one would think these would be readily available.  Finally after 1/2 hour, we got our food tossed on the table.  The personable waitress didn't notice our drinks were empty, so I had to walk the glasses to the bar to get them refilled.  While waiting quietly, some Harley- riding local came in and he was greeted like royalty.  He barged right in front of me and he got served pronto. The bar tender went to him like files to a fresh pile of doo.   Thanks.Looks like the only way you'll get served here is if you are known by the employees, ride a Harley, have more tattoos than stripper convention or poor hygiene.The food was decent. At  $5.75 for a taco, the price was awesome.  I'd go back if it weren't for the lousy service.  Maybe I should buy  a new Electra-Glide next time I want a taco.
1	This place was gross and depressing.  We live nearby, but I will avoid ever going back.  We went to Taco Tuesday and were greeted with horrible service and even worse food.  I did not come here expecting anything nice or classy, so even with low expectations I left feeling slightly down and depressed from this sad place.
5	I try to not speak like a rapper, but "haters gonna hate."Seriously, this place is a dive bar, not a high-end french restaurant.  The servers sometimes double as bartenders.  You do not go to this place for the fast service, that is what people made McDonald's for.  You go for the 1lb. burgers!  They range from $7-$8.  How do they make money?Is it the best burger?  No.  Is it in the top 5 of burgers that I have eaten?  Yes.  Definitely.  Everything is well thought out right down the to the bun choice.  The burgers all come with kettle chips.  I hate kettle chips.  Hate them.  You know what?  I ate theirs.  So good.  Yeah, the service took awhile, but you do not go to a dive bar to get out of there fast.  The server was friendly and precise (I did not want onions, I did not get onions).  That care barely be said about high end restaurants.  It was nice to sit back and relax and then the burger came.  They are huge.  I had a cheeseburger.  I barely made it through half.  They are cooked medium well, but they are still so juicy.  The vegetables are fresh and generous.  I had two pieces of tomato large enough that one covered the burger.  My friend had the bacon cheeseburger.  I could barely see the burger under the bacon.  It was amazing.  I dared not try that on my first time out.  I can not wait to try their hot ham and cheese.  It comes with two HUGE slices of ham.  They have brunch on Sundays.  I am talking myself down from finding any excuse to go there again.
5	If you are craving a massive bar burger from a towny bar, this is the place to go. The burgers are so large that you should plan on cutting it in half and take the other half home. They are excellent!If you order the bacon burger, you can expect at least 6 plus long stripes on bacon on it, I was completely amazed with the quantity and quality of the burger. Amazing. I have also been to the Eagle Crest on Taco Tuesday. Prepare yourself for the largest taco you will ever see. If you order the taco salad they give you a very large plate stacked high with chips and all the fixings. It's great. More than any one person can eat in one sitting. This is a bar people! Don't expect proper waitress service, the bar tenders are serving you most of the time. Just be happy that this particular bar has amazing food. Since this is a bar, maybe the best Bloody Mary in town. It comes in a large mug with 2 huge shrimp, a beef stick, pickle, and green olives. A meal in itself. If your hungry and don't want to spend a lot of money, this is the place I would suggest.My new favorite bar.
1	I had gone to Eagles crest for lunch a few times and decided to take my family, from out of town, one weekend. When we arrived, there was a sign on the front door saying that it was customer appreciation day. We Bought a round of drinks and found a table to sit at. Other patrons were going through the food line which was set up at the pool table.  But my sister-in-law went To get a veggie plate, One of the female staff came from around the bar and slapped the plate out of her hand And told us that we were not welcome there. We finished our drinks and left. As we were leaving we checked the sign on door again to see if it was marked private party, but it was not. After that experience I will never go back to Eagles Crest.
5	Yum, yum, yum.  I felt the need to update the restaurant.  Nothing has changed and that is what I love!Consistency is appreciate when the quality is so high.  I appreciate that their burgers are as special, juicy and flavorful as always.  They are not trying to dress up the place or make things so fancy.  The truth is, they stick to good, simply and quality food.  So thank you for staying the same and staying fabulous.
