5	Sophia is great to work with because of her friendly and fun personality, and makes the entire learning process a very fun experience. I started to learn salsa and bachata from her and she got me a long way so that I could surprise my girlfriend. She looked out for all the important things (steps, posture, timing, etc.) to make sure I looked good on the dancefloor. She's a great dancer and has everything it takes to be a teacher. She kept in contact with me on our appointments and also helps push me to excel more and more in my dancing skills. I look forward to each lesson I take.
5	Sophia is a great dance teacher.  Walking in to the studio I was very tentative and hesitate.  Sophia quickly showed me some simple steps and was very patient with me.  I would recommend her to anyone who wants to try dancing.
5	Sophia is very knowledgeable and very easy to learn from, She is a teacher and knows her stuff. I can't wait for my next lesson :)
5	I've taken an introductory lesson with Sophia and also regularly attend her Monday night "Dancing in Real Life Situations" event.  She is an excellent teacher and has a way of making you comfortable and confident.  I've never been a dancer and I have no rhythm.  I was nervous.  But she made it fun and relaxing.  Thanks to Sophia, I've had attractive women ask me to dance and then compliment my dancing ability.   That is huge coming from a guy who started out scared to death.  Great experience with a great teacher.  Dancing with Sophia has given me new skills and improved my confidence and my life.
5	Sophia was selected to teach a group of students a formal waltz at my daughter's graduation ball. The choreography was first rate and the performance was absolutely stunning!! Sophia is a talented and creative instructor who is both professional and fun! Sophia was highly recommended, and was wonderful to work with:) 2 thumbs and 2 toes up:))
5	If you ever thought of learning to dance, you should consider Sophia in Sapphire.  She is very patient and an excellent teacher.She recently started teaching a Monday evening class at the Ritz on Flamingo.  This class is wonderful for beginners who are just curious about dancing.  Every month she teaches a new dance.
5	I had a girlfriend who left me because I didn't know how to dance. I considered taking dancing lessons but, going to a teacher that only expected me to just follow his steps didn't really help me in any way. So, I decided to forget about it. And for years, I did. Until, out of the blue, a friend invited me to Sophia's dancing meetup group. I didn't really wanted to go and at first I was nervous and didn't know what to expect. WOW!! I am grateful that I gave my self the opportunity to come to Sophia's class. Sophia has that special touch for teaching. She has the skill to breakdown and explain each step and it doesn't matter if you've never danced before. I couldn't believe how fun it was!!! Sophia's personality will make you feel welcome and the good energy is contagious. All other members I met also made me feel comfortable and were more than willing to help. If you're thinking about joining, then come prepared to have a lot of FUN.
