4	Just opened a week ago. Very friendly staff and nice atmosphere with a cute patio out front and a deck in back. Little lounge area inside. I had a taco salad which was pretty standard. The gelato was some of the best I've had in the U.S. and I'm a huge gelato snob. I asked and they do rotate flavors so will be back hoping for cantaloupe and will give another menu item a try.
4	This new addition to the Arboretum is certainly welcomed!  I am offering a solid 4 stars strictly based on the Gelato.  It was AWESOME!!!  They had so many different flavors and I love the generous samples they provided.  I ended up getting two flavors in my dish--Pistachio and Almond...heavenly...vibrant flavoring, creamy, etc.  Well Done.When I first walked in to this place I was underwhelmed.  There were all different stations (gelato, pizza, salad/pitas, wine/beer)...it was reminiscent of a Chinese buffet...just a lot going on.  But it was easy to figure out and everything made sense after I walked around for a minute.I ended up trying one of their pita wraps to start.  They have a little make-your-own station for sandwiches and salads.  It was okay.  Everything was pretty fresh.  They grill the chicken right in front of you.  The chicken before it was grilled looked a little more like a rubber ducky from my nephews bathtub but I tried not to dwell on that.  Once the wrap was stuffed with all of the goodies I selected, it was pretty decent.I also opted for the cucumber salad on the side and that was pretty good as well.I think this is a great new addition to the Arbo...they are right by Akropolis so they have their competition cut out for them but I think they will hold their own.  The service was friendly and you could visibly tell who the managers/owners were and they made sure everything was being handled properly.I would advise coming here for lunch as the wraps weren't very filling OR to just get the Gelato because that was crazy good.
3	In one word - confusing.  Upon entering you are met with a welcome greeting but then you are on your own.  First area you see and pass is the gelateria which seems odd to be the first place your eyes and stomach go to.  We wandered past this area and then there is a wine display (sort of and more about that fiasco later) and we finally reached the salad/sandwich area with wait staff more than eager to help - after asking if it was our first time we were given the sandwich/salad/pizza instructions twice - but we did stop the second staff person mid sentence to say we were already informed.  I ordered a cobb salad - meh - hubby ordered club pannini  - it had some nondescript sauce on it that he didn't like or recognize.  Problem was when we went to check out, we ordered a bottle of Pinot Noir wine and 2 glasses - person behind the register rang it up but the total was no where near what it should have been with two meals and a bottle.  We mentioned this and the owner (?) stated he was charging for the little bottles - since we had no idea what that meant we paid and sat down.  The waiter then brought 2 glasses of Pinot Grigio which I informed him was not what we wanted and showed him the bottle that I had previously named.  After realizing the mix-up he brought the bottle of red wine and two glasses.  Five minutes later, he returned to our table to tell us they had undercharged for the wine (duh!) and that we now have a current charge up at the register.  Hubby indicated we would square up after our meal which was okay with the help although it was just awkward and the entire experience seemed like no one know what they were doing but there sure were alot of them around.  Owners (?) have taken up residence right in front of the register at town tables - tables were strewn with computers, paperwork, wine bottles, etc.  Again, felt like we were intruding on their running of the restaurant with wait staff going over to ask questions, etc.  Would make more sense to have this area in back of house.  Nice deck off the back - huge plus but not sure enough to bring me back.  Will wait a month or town and retry to see if the kinks are gone or I am!
5	I am basing my 5 stars strictly on my experience in coming here just for dessert.  We had just grabbed a quick bite to eat at Akropolis and decided to wander down to check out what had taken the spaces vacated by CoffeeWorks and Ben & Jerry's.  I was excited to find out that it was a Gelateria.  And yes, they make their own here and tonight had at least 20 flavors on hand. Of course, all of the flavors looked delicious and I must have tried at least 10 of them before I settled on the Mascarpone.  It was flavorful, rich and creamy - just as it should be! After we ordered our gelato, the owner also encouraged us to try a sample of their ice cream.  It was good, but I was more excited about the gelato since there aren't any other gelaterias in the area.  While we were there, we checked out their menu and they have a pretty good selection of salads, pitas, sandwiches, etc. at reasonable prices. The place is open, clean, and welcoming.  The owner and employees that we encountered were very friendly and helpful.  I look forward to going back to try more of their menu offerings.
2	Bella Fresco is having an identity crisis. The name sounds Italian, their cuisine is predominately Greek, and it doubles as a gelato bar. They are currently transitioning over to more of a sit down restaurant feel from an order at the counter system. It took few minutes for us to receive any service and when we did, it was all from the owner. There was only one server on duty and she was quite aloof to the owners signals for help. The food was ok but nothing to rave about. I am not sure if I will return.
4	The gelato is outstanding! I have tried many times and many flavors. They always encourage you to try different flavors before you place your order. There is a young girl who works there is a all-star employee. The owners are very lucky to have her working there.We've tried the food occasions. I like the whole wheat pita that they make available.The staff and owners are visible and friendly. Keeps gettimg better
4	I have had Bella Fresco on my bookmarks for a while and finally decided to stop in tonight to try falafel and gelato (not together) for the first time tonight.Located at the back of the Arboretum (past Chili's and right next to Qdoba).  Big, lovely signage let me know I was in the right place.  The parking lot at the Arbo sucks - the lines aren't clearly marked anymore, pot holes, speed bumps, oddly configured, etc., but there is plenty of parking.I was instantly greeted upon walking in by who I am guessing is an owner.  He told me to pick a table and left me with a menu as my waitress was already walking up to take my drink order.  Shortly after I placed my order.The food:Falafel ($5) - I have never had falafel before, but from what I have read, this was exactly it.  6 balls, about the size of golf balls, of deep fried chick pea mash with spices and I believe I saw onions.  It was quite spicy, but the thick tzatziki that they served with it was cooling and amazing.  I wouldn't order it that way again, but it was tasty enough.  Philosophy pita ($6) - Lettuce, Philly steak grilled with green peppers, mushrooms, onions, provolone and mayo.  I guess Showmar's has led me astray as to what a pita is, because this order was more like a wrap (thinner than a pita, thicker and sturdier than a tortilla).  It was served more like a wrap, but I did very much enjoy it.  There was a lot of lettuce (not a complaint) and the warm flavors in the wrap were good.  I ordered the potato salad with this and it was a yellow potato salad, so I was expecting a mustard taste, but it was sweet and very mild.  About the consistency of grocery store potato salad, but good.  My waitress was super friendly and pretty efficient considering she was the only waitress waiting on everyone (most tables were families with kids).On to the highlight of the evening - the gelato... holy smokes.  Creamy, yummy goodness.  The owner (extremely helpful, very personable) was manning the gelato bar when I was trying to decide and he volunteered NUMEROUS sample spoons of different flavors - hazelnut, salted caramel, pistachio, birthday cake, chocolate, I think one was called Turkish Delight, coconut, vanilla, I think there was a mocha or cappuccino - SO many flavors, it was incredible really - and each taste was just as delicious or more delicious than the one before.  I finally decided on a small cup ($3.84) of the biscotti flavor and it was heavenly.  A small cup was plenty too - it was so rich.  I was excited to see they had a Sugar Free Chocolate, so I will be hauling the parents over to try that after some lunch.The meal was good, everything on the menu seemed to be very fair/reasonably priced as far as the food goes and I will definitely be back for more.
3	Upon arriving I was seated and checked out the menu & decided to go with the shrimp pizza. My server was nice, but overall the servers seemed very disorganized & the Manager/Owner? was overlooking everything correcting them, telling them things to change, etc. It didn't seem like the right time or pace to be doing so, with customers around. Although the service was slow the pizza was good, even though it was cold. I asked that it be re-heated and that helped. Served on a thick pita crust with cheese, olives, shrimp(only about 4) and a pesto sauce, very good. I would like to go back and give the other menu options a chance, as well as the gelato.
3	After my first visit was a 3.5 that I rounded up, I decided that I needed to return because I wanted a light dinner.  They've lost the .5.Trying another pita, the Buffalo Chicken (it's a wrap instead of what us Showmar's folks consider a pita), it was okay.  Fresh lettuce and the chicken was somewhat spicy (which is fine, I don't like super spicy food), but nothing that just knocked me out.  I also ordered a side of fries which were the standard frozen crinkle cut with absolutely no seasoning at all.  Not even ketchup could help those, I ate about 1/3 of the serving and gave up.   I then moved onto the gelato, which is delicious, for a small Oreo.  It was good, but the biscotti I had on my previous visit, and even the other flavors that I tried were much better.  In saying that, the gelato's are delicious, but leave the Oreo for the kids and treat yourself to their other richer flavors.  Service, as Kate said, seems to be a bit of an issue still.  I was greeted immediately, placed my order immediately and then *crickets*.   After sitting there staring out the window drumming my fingers (with a water-less cup and a plate full of fries with napkins piled on it) while two members of staff continually walked by, I finally stopped a young woman and asked her to please help me get out of there.  There was exactly one other table that was sat at the time, so there was no excuse.  They've been open for a few months now, so it's time to get it together.  The food tastes fresh, but of the two things that I have eaten, neither have been stellar or unusually appealing.  The food is okay, but my only stop from now on will probably just be for gelato.
5	The food was pretty good. I had the Philly with the works minus the pizza sauce with sweet potato fries! Sooo tasty! :) I was definitely happy with my choice. The gelato was okay, I had tiramisu and some other coffee flavored gelato which was much better than the tiramisu flavor. The service was good and the management team was really nice. They just started using Groupon and Yelp! deals and had never seen a yelp deal before so the payment process was interesting. Also, they have "specials" , that night my husband had their gyro special for $5 and NO GROUPON or YELP deal can be applied towards that special. So, in order for your groupon/yelp deal to apply, all purchases must be at full price. My last tip for future diners is to not go by the menu on the website because the menu at the restaurant is a little different. And...for Bella Fresco, keep up the tasty food, simplify your decor and make the restaurant a little more inviting, and the online ordering system needs some additional items.I gave Bella Fresco 5 stars for great fast but not "fast" food and wonderful service. I will definitely be going back!
4	I'm a fan. For anyone who lives or works near the Arboretum, you know how hard it is to find a place that is both fast and healthy. I have found Bella Fresco to be both, and to add to that, it is a great dining experience that includes table service, wine  list, and gelato for dessert. I'm sold. I've been a few times now, and on my most recent visit, I was pleased to see they have added a hostess stand and table service (except for the steady stream of gelato-seeking folk who can bypass the hostess stand and start tasting yummies). Food-wise, I love their salads. They are fresh, crispy and made with love. Exactly how I make my salads at home. They aren't overly-laden with cheese and other stuff. You pick your protein or leave it without. I also love their pita sandwiches. Yum. Freshly toasted pita with creative sandwich builds. My son has had the kids quesadilla and the kids cheese pizza, and was only "ok" with them because there was white and yellow cheese on them (he's super picky), but he did love the French fries and the gelato--of course!I love to frequent locally-owned businesses, and will continue to visit Bella Fresca for healthy, unfussy food and the delicious gelato!
2	The gelato here is good, BUT the server was touching all of the gelato spoons with his hands. Literally rubbing each spoon with his fingers. I watched him do this with every customer (in between touching coins, cash and wiping up the counters).  For any of you who have worked in food service, that is a big No No!!!  You do not touch your customers' eating utensils with clean hands and especially not  dirty ones!!!!The service is also slow and disorganized... Not to mention the fact that my server also handed my drink while holding the top of my cup with her fingers. The food was fine. It's the gelato that is worth stopping for, and I would be back if they followed better food service guidelines.
3	We had time for an extended lunch today and decided to try Bella Fresco Cafe courtesy of a coworkers Groupon. We started with a blooming onion, which was a big disappointment. Undercooked, with the center being a mess of raw onion and uncooked breading/sauce clumping together. Things got slightly better from here. The food was on, but nothing special. The panini I had ordered still felt slightly undercooked (cold) for my taste. But it was ok. The only reason I would go back is for dessert. Their gelato is made in house and is really good. That's also the reason why they get three stars instead of two from me.
4	I had not heard of Bella Fresco Cafe, even though I have been to several other restaurants in that same shopping center, until I saw a coupon for it on Living Social.  So we decided to check it out on a Friday night a week ago and it was not crowded, we were immediately seated.After looking at the menu, I went with the Steak Panini and Kevin went with the Abuelo.  The Steak Panini with lamb was very tasty, loved the meat in that along with the onion and peppers.  My only complaint is the cheese, they had american cheese with it and it just tastes cheap with that kind of cheese.  Come on, you can get a nicer sliced cheese to put in that panini!!  Kevin's sandwich was much better than mine, it had a lot of flavor with the mozzarella sauce and pico de gallo.  I would get that one the next time.  My other complaint is the sides.  The sandwiches come with house made chips, but they are not good and over cooked.  You can choose another side, sure, but that is an additional charge.  Kevin did get the fries and they weren't anything worth the extra charge.  Maybe will try a different side next time, but so far the sides are not good.Of course, afterwords we had some gelato and it was fabulous!  They had no problems giving us samples of each one until we found the one we loved, great customer service.  Will look forward to going back for that this summer.My overall thought is this is a 3.5, yes we will be back, but it won't be our first thought or we probably will not have a frequent return visit.
5	Had a great brunch here today. The owner came and personally introduced himself. You can tell that he is very passionate about cooking and creating a welcoming atmosphere. My family and I absolutely love the Gelato selection. Everything was very fresh and packed with flavor. Try this place and you won't be disappointed.
5	The food was great. I had the Greek lemon chicken over roasted potatoes, and it was amazing. My girlfriend had the gyro. Both were amazing. We also had dessert. Tiramisu and marscapone gelato were great too. I know I'm giving this place an overly positive review, but I rarely am so pleasantly surprised with restaurants that I want others to know about it. So do yourself a favor, and go check it out. There is nothing to lose, because it doesn't break the bank.
4	Ate here several times. Panini's and salads are so good. Always busy, food comes out fast. Great place.
4	***Gelato Review Only***I'd bookmarked this place not to long after it opened but hadn't had a chance to make it in until today. I was greeted  when I walked in, and asked if I was dining or just getting gelato...and I smiled and said "gelato only please"! He laughed pointed me in the direction of the gelato counter. A quick walk over to the counter and I was greeted again by a super friendly man who asked if I wanted a sample. I started with the sorbet, and then no kidding....he gave me a sample of everything in the case!!!! My goodness.When I was thoroughly confused because each one tasted better than the last I finally settled on the Vanilla Turtle. It was ridiculously good! I highly recommend a visit. I know I'm certainly looking forward to making this place a regular sweet treat for the Summer.
5	I only stopped in to try the gelato and it was great! I got a berry flavor and tried a few others, all we're tasty with the right texture. Probably the closest you're going to get to Italy here in Charlotte.The guys working the counters were so nice and even told us about the cute patio by the pond out back. Great customer service and great product!
5	You can find countless reviews on their gelato and so many are spot on about how wonderful it is!  However, there are few reviews on the food itself and the wonderful staff.  Every time I have been in, I've been greeted like part of the family and I love it!  The staff is more than just polite and friendly, but warm, welcoming, and full of personality. It only gets better from there.  The food is fantastic; from the spinach  artichoke dip, to the best mac and cheese pizza I have ever had.  If you are a soup person, who likes it thick and flavorful, Executive Chef Tas has you covered with his broccoli and cheese!  The desserts are, of course, fabulous.  Along with the marvelous marscapone gelato, the tiramisu is light and absolutely heavenly!   Now, I just can't wait to try the breakfast. I saw the picture of the Belgan waffle covered in gelato and strawberries and I have to go back for it!
4	I love the open space of this place because it doesn't feel too crowded. I ordered one of panini's and half salad. Panini is okay, nothing to rave about but I had my salad topped with gyro and it was delicious. My boyfriend and I decided to grab some gelato after our finishing off our lunch and the owner (I'm just assuming) was the absolute sweetest. We were standing in front of the gelato display deciding on what he wanted and the owner came up and offered us samples and he basically gave us a sample of all of the flavors and they were all so yummy. If you're a coffee ice cream lover, definitely go from the chocolate chip expresso gelato because they definitely did not skip out on the expresso. Overall I had a great first experience here.
5	I've noticed this place for awhile now in the Aboretum.  For some reason I never ventured in until I read some yelp reviews.  If you are eating there, BE SURE  TO CHECK OUT THEIR NEW BACK DECK that overlooks the lake.  It's the best seat in the house by far.  The staff is super friendly.  They gave us A LOT of samples of the gelatos...OMG!  Don't try this stuff unless you want a new addiction.  We enjoyed Greek salads & paninis and look forward to going back to try more on the menu (pizzas, phillys, fajitas, gyros, burgers, etc) One last comment.  Can you really ever go wrong with a Greek owned restaurant?!  :)
5	I stopped by here to pick up something small for lunch. It was completely a random choice. And in so glad that I stumbled in here. The lamb pizza seemed pretty cool. I asked he waitress and she have it good reviews. It was amazing!! The pizza was topped with tomatoes, feta, olives and lamb. It was a good portion size especially for the price (6 bucks!) they didn't skimp on any of the toppings either. I would eat 1000 of those! It's safe to say that I will be going back here. And very soon!
5	Don't miss this place!This was our second visit and it was as good as the first. Tonight I had the name your own cheeseburger. It was cooked just right and was very tasty. But even better were the fries. Not sure what they coat them with but oh boy how good they are. The waitress (Vicky) was very friendly and went out of her way to be nice to our two young grand sons. Oh yeah grandson #1 is a burger expert and rated his the best ever! On the way out we struck up a conversation with the owner who went out of his way to show us his new patio in back. Nice touch. The grand finale is the gelato. Don't miss it. Huge selection!
2	Clearly I am the odd ball who wasn't particularly impressed with this place. We read the reviews and thought we would give it a try. Sadly I did not know about the Groupon deal. Had I known about that,  it would have at least lessen the blow from the final amount of the check.. We were seated and our drink order was being taken before we all sat down. The menu was OK nothing that blew my socks off. I guess the name of the place led me to believe this was an Italian restaurant but there was mostly Greek dishes on the menu AND the Italian sandwich came with MAYO. NO NO NO NO NO!!!!!!!!! Never and I mean NEVER do Italians put mayo on an Italian sandwich. Seriously what is with these places and their obsession with putting mayo on EVERYTHING especially Italian hoagies.  I had the Lemon and Oregano chicken on a Mint Salad. My chicken was 1/2 a breast that was probably sliced in half, grilled with no taste of lemon or oregano. The Mint salad was large chunks of cucumber, tiny diced un ripened  tomatoes, a handful of olives and a few ribbons of mint. My side item, the mac and cheese was delish and the highlight of my plate. My children had the burgers .One ordered a Cheeseburger and the other ordered a Build Your Own.  the server asked how they would like the burgers cooked. Both requested Medium. When they arrived it was obvious  they were frozen pattys, super thin and charred. They didn't have a shot at  being prepared Medium. They were so thin, the moment they hit the grill they were overdone.  My daughters cheeseburger came with nothing on it but cheese. Really? No lettuce? No tomato? I guess she should have ordered the "Build Your Own" and my son's burger was missing two of the 5  items he requested. My Hubby had a chicken dish on a bed of rice with herb roasted potatoes. His was the best looking and tasting dish out of the four. After Dinner we indulged in the Gelato. It was very good but a little pricey. 3 mediums and 1 small came to $21. The pistachio, strawberry Greek, nutella and the cannoli cream were very good. The birthday cake, which shouldn't even be a flavor to begin with, was overly sweet.  When it was all said and done we paid about $80ish for the entire meal. A little to pricey for what you got.
5	Delicious!!! My husband and I went here for lunch. We ordered the gyro and the Mexican Wrap. Both were fabulous. Finished off the meal with their award winning gelato and I must say, it did not disappoint. Their patio was beautiful- definitely not something you would expect to see in the arboretum. Very quiet and private with a nice view of the pond. Safe to say we will be back soon!
5	This meal was absolutely incredible! One of my favorite restaurants in the area now!!! Can't say enough good things!
5	This restaurant is a truly delicious place. Not only is the food amazing, the atmosphere is very inviting and there is lovely outdoor seating .I would recommend ordering one of the Philly cheese steaks. Though the  bread is a little different than what I normally find at places specializing in cheese steaks it is overall very good. Also, if you're looking for a place with good service, Bella Fresco has some of the best waiters I've seen. They are very fast and friendly.Overall, Bella Fresco is a lovely cafe with good food, good service, and a welcoming atmosphere.
5	Food was delish, dining absolutely delightful. We were on the waiting list for another restaurant nearby and got tired of waiting. Walked down and discovered this place. We dined on the back patio. So nice!! Food was great. We all loved it, even kids! Great wine and dessert list too.
4	This was my first visit to Bella Fresco.  My wife had been once before and convinced me to try something new.  I walked in with low expectations and was almost validated when I saw only two people dining on a Tuesday night.  Mind you it was pouring rain and not a night most people would venture out for dinner. After browsing the menu (which caters to both Greek and Italian cuisine) I ordered a cup of chicken tortilla soup and a Greek salad with chicken.  My wife ordered a pita wrap with chicken and fries.   She has gotten this item before and again was very impressed with the quality.  The soup was outstanding.  No need for any seasoning added.  It had a nice spice to it and was full of flavor.  The Greek chicken salad was amazing.  I have gotten many over the years at various Greek restaurants but this one was up there with the best of them.  They serve theirs with banana peppers which is a nice touch.  They also have a decent selection of bottled craft beer.  I had a Bells Oberon.  The service was fantastic.  Our server was attentive but not over bearing.  He really seemed to be invested in the company.  Near the end of dinner, he asked if we wanted any Gelato.  Bella Fresco claims they are Charlotte's only wholesale Gelato dealer.  He brought my wife and I a full sample tray.  Fantastic Gelato.  My only criticism with Bella Fresco is the interior.  It doesn't have a great flow with seating and decor.  But when it comes to what matters, which is the food, Bella delivers!  There is another Greek restaurant next to Bella and suffice to say I will never return to it again.  I am sold on Bella Fresco and will spread the good word.
4	We visited at lunch and had several wraps including a Gyro, Swawarma, Cheese steak and cuban.  They were all very good.  All come with fresh made chips, also very good.  We also had a couple of sides of fries, but they were nothing special.We also had some of the Gelato and it too was good.We would eat here again.
5	This was my first time going since it opened. I have had friends and family to and all say they have had an incredible experience. I ordered the beef lasagna and it was delicious. The best thing I can say about it was that it tasted like a home cooked meal. The wait staff was super friendly and helpful choosing an entree. I highly recommend it! Like others have said previously, the pricing is very reasonable!!
5	Ordered bruschetta - has a great balsamic glaze.  Gyro was fabulous with nice lamb chunks.  Tiramisu was to die for.  This is one of my new favorites.
2	My husband and I have been here twice for lunch and twice for dinner. I'm just not impressed. Food is okay. Service is okay. Gelato is really good. Casual place, okay prices. Sorry I can't say much else!
1	just tried to place a delivery order and was told there is a $25 minimum - really?  interesting that such a bogus rule is stated nowhere either on this yelp page or on your website but was arbitrarily thrown at me AFTER i had already given my entire order to the person who answered the phone.  i ordered $15 of food and would have been happy to pay a delivery fee, not to mention generously tip the driver.  it is 20 degrees outside and i am home ill.  thanks for nothing - now rest assured that you will never get my business.  over what probably would have amounted to about a $6 deficit when all was said and done...unfortunate.
