4	okay, finally a nail salon that has pipeless chairs for spa pedicures, friendly people and tons of chairs! 10 spa chairs and 10 manicure tables with lots of professional nail techs. we landed in these chairs after our fabulous lunch in central phoenix, and walked out with the prettiest feet in town. i went with midnight blue-turned purple on my toes, one went with purple, the other light purple and the last a burgundy. my aunt got her eyebrows waxed too, and that was the only complaint, she had her entire lower eye filled with hairs after the waxing was complete, but being a nice one, she decided to pluck the rest herself. if you ever go to this place for the wax, double check the mirror before leaving the seat! to bad my aunt wears glasses, it wasn't until we were in the sun that she noticed. the mani and pedi was awesome, my massage was phenominal and the massage chair was exctasy. go be pampered and leave feeling like a queen. tell kevin i sent ya!
1	I hate this place. Ok granted I have only had about 20 pedis in my entire life, and only two other places to compare it with, and my feet are awfully ticklish but I really don't think I am the worlds pickiest, princess. I had been going here for two years  because it is right next to Massage Envy. One stop pampering huh? You would think. and  it took me a while to write a review because I could not put my finger on what it was about this place I hated but I think I have it now. I went 4 or 5 times and I alway felt very uncomfortable here. I wasn't sure why but I think it was because I felt like I was a  member of a cattle herd. In and out, no smile,  no service. They were always in a rush to get me done and onto the next person waiting. Welllllll,  a pedi is a splurge and  a treat to your inner peace and not cheap SOOO, since I am paying you a bit of my hard earned money could you at least act like you like me and or the fact that I am the paying customer? Oh well,  I kind of blew it off and figured all places were like this.( Even though the other two places I had been to in the past were not  like this)  I continued to go because this place was a little cheaper and more convenient.  I went back a few more times until The last time I went in this past winter. That was the last straw. ( Plus they raised their prices!) The girl was so rude to me for no reason known. I was very nice to her and she just kept ignoring me and hurting me. I asked her to go easier and she did not  and rolled her eyes. At the end of the pedicure she did not give me the sandals they usually give for drying time and  tried to put my shoes back on to soon and smeared the polish on my big toe. OMG she acted like it was all my fault. She actually got mad at me! She  rolled her eyes and got really bent out of shape!I couldn't believe it. She huffed and puffed back to get the polish remover and mumbled when she had to repaint my toe. After she repainted my toe she again tried to put my shoe back on without any dry time.  Well somehow my foot tensed up as I tried to help her out by pushing my foot a little into the shoe and she had the nerve to yell at me and slapped my foot. She barked "STOP IT!" and told me to cut it out and relax my foot and again with the rolling of her eyes with a side helping of attitude. What is this all about?????Are all pedi place like this I wonder. Follow up- Months later-  Ok, so today my friend tells me she  had a pedi yesterday and the lady told her her feet were ugly. (They are not,. She is a gorgeous gal all around. However,  either way HELLO???? Are you really gonna tell your client that? JEEEEEZZ LOUISE).  Lo and behold, yup, you guessed it, the same place! YIKES!!!! RUN AWAY! I went to the place in Spectrum Mall and had a better pedi and it was much cheaper.
3	I'm a cheater... there, I admit it!Yes, I cheated on Rose again.  I couldn't help it!  I was in desperate need of a pedicure and I had limited time and I was in the Camelback Corridor area running errands, so I popped into Pretty Nails for a quick pedi.  Kim did a decent job, and I would return in a bind for sure... but I do feel bad cheating on Rose, my regular pedicure gal (see Allure Nails review).  One thing I did like about Pretty Nails is that you can pay for add-ons to the basic pedicure a la carte.  In addition to the basic pedi ($20), I went with a sugar scrub ($5) and 10 extra minutes of foot massage ($10).  They include a 5 minute massage, so I had a total of 15 minutes.  This made my total before tip $35.  It was a treat, and my feet look a hell of a lot better now in "Lincoln Park After Dark" than they did in whatever chipped color I had on before.  So, if you find yourself in the area and in need of a mani or pedi, this place is A-OK.  Bottom line - I feel better now that I confessed that I cheated on Rose.  And since she probably will not be reading this review, let's just keep this between you and me, ok?  What happens at other nail salons stays in other nail salons!
4	For your standard corner nail shop, this place raises a few notches above the rest. It's clean, efficient, and fast, always fully staffed -- I rarely wait, even on a busy weekend day. As Gabi said, the pedicure add-ons are clearly outlined in a menu format, where you know exactly what you're getting and how much it costs (thus eliminating the stealth $5 salt scrub). No surprises -- good or bad -- here. And that's a good thing.
4	My co-worker and I were both in desperate need of a pedicure because we are going to Florida this weekend for another co-workers wedding and we decided we didn't want whack looking feet since we'll be on the beach. Since we are both busy girls, we decided a pedicure during lunch would work the best and my co-worker suggested Pretty Nails and Spa. I am totally glad she did!The basic pedicure is going to run you $20. That is completely reasonable and pretty darn cheap. Second, they give you a menu so you can choose to add on services (salt scrub for $5, callus remover for $5, etc) or you can go with the Pedi Plus for $32 which includes soothing gel rub, salt scrub, and the callus remover. My co-worker and I both did the Pedi Plus and we left feeling completely refreshed and with the best feeling and looking feet. The techs were really nice - not too chatty, but fast working and would engage in conversation if you wanted them to. The chairs were some of the most comfortable I have sat in at a salon, and there were plenty of stations so unless you go when they are completely slammed, you get right in. Color selection was really big and diverse. Oh, and as my co-worker pointed out when we left, the salon didn't have that overwhelming nail polish and nail polish remover smell...so no getting high on fumes while you are sitting there!Just a warning: they only take tips in cash. You can use a credit card (Visa or Mastercard) to pay for your services though.
2	This salon can be a good experience if you get the right person.  My second visit was not so good, but my first visit was great.  My first visit I got a tech named Anna and she did a wonderful pedicure for me.  Great massage and great job on painting and putting a design on my toes. Definitely ask for her and ask for the Pedi Plus.My second visit not so good.  I felt like cattle being rushed in and then out. I asked for help in finding the right color to match my current color on my toes and the tech ignored me.  They (receptionist & tech) kept on telling me to sit in my chair, so they could start me, but if the tech had originally helped me find a matching color I would have sat down earlier.  The tech never said "Hello or Hi, How are you today?"  Also when I was trying to tell her what design I wanted on my toes she didn't listen to me and got my design wrong.  She even started to complain that she would have to repaint the whole nail again.  At the end of this visit she asked for payment, but didn't give me a bill or tell me the total and when I asked for a bill she replied, "We do not have to give you a bill!" My thought was that is fine, but at least confirm the total. Especially since she messed up the design and I was just making sure I wasn't being charged for it.My biggest tip is just make sure you ask for Anna (not Hanna), but Anna.  Anna was sweet and did a really good job.  It was too bad I didn't get Anna on my second visit.  Unfortunately, Anna was not available, she was on vacation.If I go here next time around I will make sure I schedule an appointment with Anna and no one else.
5	I've been here twice now and compared to the other Vietnamese nail salons that are out there this one is by far superior compared to the others.  I have had technician Julie do both pedicures the two times I've been there.  As far as talking goes, I rather not talk and relish the chance to relax so I don't care that she hasn't said much to me.  She's answered my questions I've asked so she hasn't been impolite or anything.  She has done an excellent job both times.  I've also had my eye brows waxed there once before and the lady who did it did an excellent job.  I would recommend this nail salon to anyone.
5	I love this place, they are so friendly and if you go there enough they start to know you my first name.  Stacy does the best eye brow waxing.  SUper friendly, and they do a great job!
4	This is my spot to get my nails and toes did on the regular! Pretty Nails is nestled in a strip mall close to Massage Envy, Chipotle, CVS AND Total Wine. So a trip to the nail salon makes for one GREAT afternoon/evening! The inside of the place is small and clean, and very busy. It's owned by a husband and wife duo that keep the shop running smoothly. Upon signing in, one doesn't have to wait too terribly long before they're soaking in a pedicure tub and being rubbed down by the massage chair. The nail tech hands you a menu of services and you just pick what you would like done. Of course they try to up sell you on nail designs and all that, but just stay strong and they'll back off. I also like the seeming cleanliness of the shop. I have watched the techs thoroughly clean the foot baths after a visit and everything seems to soak in some bacteria fighting solution. I do think that they're pricing is a little high, but the service and end result is worth it. For a fill of my overlays, a spa pedicure with design, I'm usually paying about $50-60. I visit Pretty Nails every two weeks and I have yet to be disappointed by a thing yet!
2	I was a customer of Pretty Nails for quite some time when they opened. I was very happy with their service and went to them many a time without incident. I was nervous about this post, because I don't like writing bad reviews, but here it goes:I took my mom here last year for a pedicure. She rarely gets pedicures and is always with me when she does, and this was the only pedicure that she had had in the previous 4 months. She contracted some sort of bacterial infection that her doctors said would have been contracted if she had a pedicure. Basically, several of her toe nails fell off! The whole experience freaked us all out. I, now am super aware of the cleanliness of nail salons and look for salons with rigorous practices in their cleanliness.I did poke my head in to Pretty nails last month for a quick manicure and to look around. I did notice disinfectant now prominently displayed on all of the pedicure chairs, so I think that there may have been other incidents and they have taken corrective action.
5	I have gone to this nail salon many times. It is very clean which is a number 1 priority. They use separate plastic shields in each foot bath as they did today. They have nice massage chairs and lots of magazines. Every thing is clean that they use on you and the place it self is clean and pleasant.  They take walk ins and also do waxing. I did not get a wax today but ,have many times in the past. Always clean and no after problems.  They take cash and credit. Plus they follow direction well. Some salons do not! The prices are not bad,there are cheaper places but, they are not as clean. Lots of parking.
5	I absolutely love this place. They have new equipment Stacey and Kevin really steppped up their game. Kudos to them and their team.... I'm a FAN!
1	I'd personally not go back here.  I went with some girls after visiting european wax right before my recent trip to Hawaii.  I wanted to get gel shellack.. and a pedicure.  The lady who did my pedicure was really rude.  She was making faces to her coworkers in response to me not wanting to spend extra money on designs and upgraded pedicures.  It was comical because my girl friend was there watching it happen.. but if I was by myself, it would have made me feel very uncomfortable.  If i was going to pay for upgrades, I'd go to a spa to get a real mani/pedi.. not this place.
4	We have been coming to pretty nails for  years and we really love it. For $35 you can't find a better pedicure in the valley. Also Stacey waxes eyebrows better than anyone we have ever been to. We highly recommend Pretty Nails.
3	Well, all i can say about this place is they get the job done and I am always happy with the look of my pedi.Don't expect overly friendly, small chat pedicurists or nail techs. They are just there to get your needs meet and get you out the door. I visit this place every so often for a pedi. They recently fixed up the place a bit and got new, comfy chairs. As a whole it is one of the nicer, cheap nail salons around the area so that's why I go here.
3	This place is good -- heck, it's GREAT -- if you're in a super big hurry. But, if you want to take some time for yourself, relax and feel pampered, you might look someplace else. It's a little too "wham-bam-thank-yo- ma'am" for my needs, most of the time. But, if I'm in a rush and need a quick polish change, this will be the first place that comes to mind!
3	I don't get pedi/manicures very often, but I'd consider Pretty Nails to be a good salon. I didn't have to wait any time at all for my pedicure to begin. Christine, my mani/pedicurist, was kind with her instructions, as that it was quite obvious that I had no idea what to do when.I got a pedicure (with one $5 add-on) and a manicure. I spent $43 before tip, which to be honest, was about $10 more than I'd hoped to spend. (I'd attribute the higher price to my minor confusion with their services. I wasn't entirely sure what I was ordering, I just kind of said "yes.") Overall though, I'm very pleased with how lovely my fingers and toes look. After just two days I've already put the nails through quite a bit of housework, and both sets barely show any wear at all.
4	This place is kind of hilarious in that there's at least 20 ladies and one dude is calling all of the shots. he has quite the harem!! i do think they're a little pricey however every time i have been i've been super satisfied and my last 2 gel manicures have lasted 3 weeks before finally starting to chip.  i also chose to have my brows waxed here instead of going next door to the european waz place - the girl did a GREAT job, they look the best they have in a long time.  both nail and wax lady were SUPER meticulous.  If you're ok with paying a little more, this is a great place to go!
5	I have been coming to this place for over 7 years and I will never go anywhere else. Everyone is so friendly and converse with me when I want them to because sometimes I just want to shut my eyes and relax. If you get the opportunity you should definitely have Vicky take care of you because she is so nice and doesn't rush! I love this place so much :)
4	Very clean! Cheapest mani/pedi I have ever paid for!
1	Utterly terrible on a Friday night.Should have read reviews on this place about BAD customer service. Pedi was okay for $21+$5 for the acid scrub, but the full-set experience was HORRID. Should have known they do crap work when I walked in at 6:55 and they said they would take me even though they close at 7. The place still had customers and more ladies walked in AFTER me, and of course they were taken also. Man at the front yells for two ladies to come help me. One lady does my toes: pleasantly surprised that they use a plastic foot bath lining for the pedicure, she doesn't say a word to me which is fine, but I ask her if I can pay extra for a gel coat on my toes to last longer and apparently she had no clue what I was talking about because she didn't do it, massage chair was whack and the lady doing my full-set asked me to turn it off. She also doesn't say a word to me which again I'm okay with, but by the time she brings over the UV nail dryer I'm thinking there's NO WAY she's done. I look at my CROOKED nails and I ask her if she is still going to shape my nails... obviously she didn't understand because she uttered a "yeah" and stuck my hand, crooked nails and all, in the dryer! She finishes my other hand and takes off to start another lady's nails. I'm clearly looking at my nails in DISGUST because they are shaped as if diagonally shaped nails are OKAY. THE OWNER/GUY AT THE FRONT sits down because I have an obviously HORRIFIED look on my face and he looks at my hands. I tell him they do not look good at all, he takes my hand and says they are not straight (at least he sees it!) and says he'll fix them... he files away as I try to go back to relaxing in the useless massage chair, still having my pedi/french-tip done. He finishes one had and starts to file the other side while I stare at the horrible job HE DID. He kept asking me, "is that better?" and I almost cried because it was obvious he was in a hurry, doing a crap, and my nails were not going to look good. Maybe it's because of my profession that I held back everything I was going to say, but I just jumped up, paid, and darted out of there. I LATER REALIZED THERE IS NO POLISH ON MY THUMBS - I paid an extra $5 for a gel coat and got 8/10 nails???? And crooked ones, at that?!
1	I have been here many times because it's right by my work and convenient to go at lunch, but I'm not going anymore - it's just not worth it. if you have to wait, there is no where to sit or stand basically. everyone is packed in there like sardines. I also don't like how the nail technicians try to push all th extra services onto you when doing the pedion the last pedicure I got from them, my pinky toe was totally messed up and after about 2 weeks, my toe nails began to turn yellow (the polish that is). I hadn't been hanging out in the sun or anythign so there's no reason it should have done that. once I had the polish removed (somewhere else), my nails were fine, so it was definitely their polish. in addition, my friend had a gel manicure here and it chipped within minutes of leaving.I'm done giving this place chances
1	Do not go here unless you don't really care if your nails look nice. Very inconsistent, rushed jobs. Every single time I've gone, I've had some reason to not go back. Today I went again and again inconsistently bad overall services from everyone in that place. Find somewhere else to go so you won't leave there every time, disappointed and irritated...like I do.
4	I've been going to this salon for pedis for years now and have just started seeing Stacy for gels on my fingers.  Great bargain and quick service!
1	Why did I go here? I really don't know. This place was the most depressing nail salon. The nail techs are all sitting on step stools in the break room next to the bathroom. One young woman was blocking the door to the bathroom as I tried to enter and I had to ask her twice to move in order for me to get in there. Their products seem low-end and they use liners for their spa tubs which I have never seen at other salons. What a waste of money as they throw the plastic away after each service. The gel manicure light actually was uncomfortable and was hot towards the end of the service. I will not be back. The location is great, they seemed busy and one that note, their customers deserve the best quality products and excellent service, which they did NOT have.
1	There is a man that walks around supervising and his presence is stern.  He also seems to rush the women that are working even when they are clearly doing a great job.  The atmosphere is tense and the ladies working in the store do not seem as friendly and happy.  This place is not relaxing.  It is overpriced too.   I took my friend and paid $99 for two pedicures and a manicure.  The services were suppose to be deluxe, but they were in fact average.  My thumb nail was not evenly coated and my boyfriend wanted me to go back and have it redone but I did not want the girl that  completed my manicure to get in trouble for a re-do!  That manager was scary.   This is not a business I would support.
3	We walked in for pedicures to have absolutely no waiting room to stand or sit in. Very crowded feeling, not a welcome feeling. Immediately instructed to grab a polish and were seated within 5 min or so with no appointments.  Used new bath sanitary plastic shield for foot tub for each treatment.  Both my friend and I picked a simple deluxe scrub and cooling rub (from what I remember) and were instructed that it should really go with the foot scrub add on. Well, if it is best used together...then package it that way! Don't roll your eyes and act like we're idiots for not choosing it correctly.  Overall the treatment and pedicure were good. They just need to reword pedicure options and have a bigger reception area at entrance. And as always, gave attitude for choosing to pay and tip by credit card, instead of cash.
4	Been here a couple times in the last few months. Very clean place & do a great gel mani. Pedis can be found better elsewhere.
1	Seriously disappointed. $35 for a gel manicure that hardly lasted a week. One nail chipped the very next day, went back and they fixed it for free. Within the next few days all days had a chip on them. Then found out the lady didn't use gel polish, just a gel finishing coat. Waste of money. And they are VERY rude and pushy. She must have asked me 10 times if I wanted a pedicure or eye brow wax, telling me I "needed them" well guess what? It wasn't going to happen there!! Will not be going back
4	Very nice pedicure.  I always leave feeling much better.  I had the manicure with nail buff, also; it was a good move.
2	I am super unimpressed.  To start, they have managed to mash in as many pedi chairs as they can squeeze into the tiny place. Then I sit to soak in the tub for at least 15 min before anyone starts me. My nail tech was not good at scrubbing, filing, cleaning etc. When I asked for a simple design, instead of just telling me she couldn't do it on my toes she tells me she doesn't have an orange polish in the salon. Ok????  I was just looking at your colors and there are at least four different orange polishes. I was trying to get a cute pedi before my trip to Hawaii and I just left disappointed. Wtf ever. Not coming back.
2	This place was just - ok. I usually go to DV Nails (which is way better) but they had a 40 minute walk in wait on a Saturday morning and I was on a tight schedule so I searched for the next closest, inexpensive nail place and found this one. The place is small and crammed full of Pedi chairs in the center flanked by Mani tables along the walls. Almost all the chairs were full but the 1 man (manager?) asked me the moment I walked in what I wanted and when I told him just a pedicure he said it would only be a 10-15 minute wait so I said ok and waded through the people, chairs and stools to reach the color shelves along the back wall. Well, I waited about 15 minutes and then he got me seated in a recently vacated pedi chair, started the water and disappeared. I then waited another 10-15 minutes with my feet in the water to actually have someone start with me. Annoying. The woman who did my pedicure was nice but very quiet and hard to understand in the small, loud room. Her up-sell of services was minor and she did a decent job altogether. She just seemed very tired.Overall, I wish I had stayed and waited at DV Nails who are a bit cheaper, nicer, more open and feel much less like a Nails Mill! I actually felt a bit sorry for the women working there and I don't plan on going back.
1	HUGE customer service fail today. I called ahead and made an appt for a mani/pedi. I showed up 10 min early and signed in, also indicating a mani/pedi would be desired. The girl who gave me the pedicure left for the day after painting my toes. They had me wait 30 min. All the while people walking in and getting in line. They then asked me to pay. I explained I had an appt for both and he claimed I didn't. I also explained that when I arrived 2 hours before their closing I marked I wanted both. Not even an apology. They let the people who walked in an HOUR after me stay.  I can't believe they didn't even apologize if it was truly a misunderstanding. Also, if you have us check off a list what we want? READ IT. There are 8 other nail places within blocks. You don't have a monopoly on the market. Customer service goes far.
2	As other reviews have mentioned, the space is very crowded.  There is barely room to stand inside of the door to wait.  The women that work in the salon have to eat their lunch sitting on a milk crate in the back and there is no space...so the crate is in front of the bathroom door and you can barely get inside.I've found they do a fine job at pedicures, but do not go here for a gel/shilack manicure.  They polish starts lifting after two or three days.  I've been maybe five times and every single time this happens.  I won't be back for a manicure, despite their close proximity to my house (walking distance).  They also tell you they "prefer cash" when you try to pay with your card.  I find this odd for a business of this size, especially when they see you are paying with a card.  Whatever the reason, it made me feel uncomfortable.
4	With our bellies full, it was time to get our pretty on. For $16, a manicure with buff finish is a pretty good deal. Christine (I don't think that was her real name) did a grand job of turning my hands back into something more human than the talons they were before. I'm pretty sure I'll be back soon.They do have the space pretty packed with stations, so the claustrophobic would likely freak out.
1	I made an appointment for 5:30 and when I realized I was going to be a little late, I called and changed it to 5:45. I got there about 5:35 and since I was early for my appointment I had no problem waiting. It was now 5:50 I started to get worried since there were about 10 other girls waiting with me. Finally at 6:00 Kevin sat me in a chair and I waited until 6:15 for him to finally come back and start doing my nails. I asked for the PRO pedicure which was 38 and it wasn't until after he finished doing my nails he said that gel cost an additional 25 on top of that. What a rip off! I ended up leaving the salon at 7:40. Two hours for a pedicure? Won't do that again. They seem to care more about making money than making reliable customers. One girl got there at the same time and was told a 30 min wait, when she came back at 6, he said it was 30 minutes longer. I wouldn't waste your time.
4	I've given up my high-maintenance nails and went in to have them removed today.  The shop has new owners...they have redecorated and the place is much cleaner and more welcoming.  I've met the owners and it's clear that they understand and appreciate customer service.  They are both very nice and intent on making sure their clients are satisfied..  If you give them a visit, you'll be impressed by the pricing and expertise.  I'm a big fan of Julie and Jessica and  they always do a great job for me.  Give them a shot!
5	Close, clean and friendly. Julie does the best gel American French manicure I've ever had.
5	Ok I'm extremely picky with my nails but they nailed it!!! Jennifer did my mani and pedi and I could not have been happier. Let me tell you that I have extremely thin and rigid nail and toe beds. It's from me ripping and peeling off the gel polishes. She knew exactly what to do to fix this. She put two layers of the base and couple more coats of the polishes and finished w two more extra coats of the top coat. She also informed me that it's the salon's policy to do two layers of base coat and 3-4 layers of the color. They use high quality polishes and they last!!! Plus the price was amazing!!! I have never been happier!!!
5	I didn't used to like this salon.  I always seemed a little unkempt. However,  I was pleasantly surprised when I randomly tried it again.  They remodeled it and it looks great!  The new man at the desk is So nice.  He told me to come in 15 min over the phone.  I then received a courtesy call from him 5 min later to tell me to come in 25 min so I wouldn't have to wait! Good selection of regular and gel polishes. Good manicure and pedicure. Very nice staff. Very clean inside.
5	I had gone to this location once several years ago and was very disappointed in how dirty it was.The new owners came in, remodeled everything and implemented a strong hygiene standard for the salon.  It is EXTREMELY clean now and has a very pleasant relaxing atmosphere.  Jeniza has been doing my gel manicures for the past 4 years at their Tempe location and now their Phoenix salon - and I would not go anywhere else.  I rarely ever have any problems with chips (unless I am careless and knick my nail while cooking) due to the fact that they seal all of the edges.  Before my wedding, I came in to have my manicure done and she made sure I had PERFECT nails - which is essential for wedding pictures!!  (Jeniza also made sure my nails were perfect right before I got engaged as well!!)I highly recommend becoming a client here!!!!If there were more stars to give on the rating, I would give them!
4	I took my sister to get a pedicure for her Bday & was not sure if this place would be clean & nice enough. I had read fellow Yelpers' recent positives reviews about the new owner and decided I would give it another shot. The shop has been renovated and I liked the ambiance: warm colors, white textured walls, cute chandelier lighting at cashier area. We received a bright greeting & quickly served as walk ins. They use spa liners & pipe less whirlpools. I had Jessica and my sister had Kim; Both nice ladies. Jessica was careful with clipping my nails & cutting of my cuticles. Just a note the shop is small & not much of lobby area. I recommend making an Appt first so maybe you can minimize the checkin process. If you been here before & was 'meh' about it...give it one more chance with the new owner. Prices are a little bit more from my last visit, but I would rather pay a little more for good service & ambiance.
4	Wow!! I used to come here but stopped since I hated how crowded, dirty and rude people were. But now the new owners came in, cleaned it up (A LOT), added some class to the place, and viola, you have a brand new salon!I am so pleased they kept the same girls here. I'm assuming the owner is Jeniza? I see her running around all day talking to every regular there. She seems very friendly and everyone clearly loves her. The mood of the whole place has changed drastically and that is definitely what they needed.2 thumbs up.
