4	i remember visiting this hotel when i was kid in the early 70's after dove hunting in maricopa with my dad and uncles.  i was amazed that there was a bat shaped pool with a ball shaped jacuzzi.  way cool.  i must take my daughter there to see it (again for me) someday.  i will have to revisit and give my reviewi'm giving it 4 stars from my childhood memory of the pool
5	Francisco Grande is wonderful! Just sitting in the restaurant/bar is relaxing! The views are amazing! The staff is always very attentive and friendly! When we moved here our house was not finished, so we lived at the FG for over 3 weeks! The entire staff made our long stay seem like a wonderful vacation! After all of the time we spent there it is still our very favorite place!!!! You can have anything from sliders to a filet mignon in the bar area! One of the few places you can order a steak pittsburg and they know exactly what you are talking about and it will come out incredible! If you are ever in Casa Grande, I suggest that  you add the Francisco Grande to your must list!
5	Okay, so I might be partial to this place but it marries three of my favorite things in one place so I just have to love it.  The main building is a beautiful example of 1950s architecture.  The lobby is beautiful and the there is a great sense of history here.  Once you start looking around, you see all sorts of memorabilia from the old days when this was a spring training site.  Having baseball memorabilia is a sure way to get me interested, even if it is stupid Giants stuff.  The fact that they have a baseball bat-shaped pool is amazing too.  Finally, this place just finished a $8+million renovation into a world-class soccer training facility.  My Seattle Sounders opened the place up by holding their spring training there.  This made for an awesome experience.  While there aren't any bleachers or concession stands, there also aren't any fences or barriers keeping you away from the players.  This is the way spring training should be.  I am going back again this week and will keep going back as long as the Sounders do.
4	This place is an oasis in the desert. You can stroll around the grounds, see the baseball memorabilia and enjoy a great meal or dessert. We've had breakfast there many times. The staff is very friendly, professional and the service is very good. It's a pleasant change from the chain restaurants you find most everywhere now. We're going to try it out for dinner tonight after reading the other reviews.
3	Really nice hotel/resort, but talk about being in a weird location!!!  Casa Grande, Arizona is not exactly the friendliest community around.  Good news is, the Francisco Grande isn't exactly in Casa Grande more like just outside....just outside enough that I've stayed there.Rooms were clean as would be expected, the views were great, price was actually pretty good considering equal value resorts, parking wasn't ever an issue and your vehicles are safe.  Food was pretty good in the dining area, not very many tables though when the resort fills up.This resort was built for the Giants summer training...so that's kind of a neat factoid about the place.  I'm not much of a golfer (hate it), but their are plenty of old people running around on golf carts with caddies.In town you can find just about everything you need, but you have been warned...Casa Grande isn't the most pleasant place to be.  It is one of the meth capitals in AZ, I was solicited by a prostitute when I went into Walgreens for crying out loud!  I highly recommend carrying a firearm if you are licensed to do so when you trek in town...SERIOUSLY!   It's a "different" kind of place to say the least.
3	Food: 1Decor: 3Service: 3I stayed here for a week since I was in Casa Grande for work. Room 307 in the tower at a corporate rate of $79/night.Put simply, the dinner at the restaurant is absolutely horrible (almost inedible), the fitness "gym" is pretty weak, but it makes it up by being on a golf resort and having the most comfortable hotel bed I've slept on.Walls are reasonably thin, enough that I could hear another guy snoring in the adjacent room at 3am. However, I like the overall setup of the building, especially since your front door opens to the outside, not inside, of a building.They gave me free breakfast vouchers for my stay, which was good because the breakfast's decent. However, I was really surprised that the front desk (and even part of the restaurant staff) didn't know the restaurant hours.Front: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/6jK4ecrG9SGpi76umu3NTg?userid=2fN8mN7uUjOw-QqtcgYqXQFront: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/6jK4ecrG9SGpi76umu3NTg?select=gxMxCA6NzBRpnF3mTb8jXAWedding reception: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/6jK4ecrG9SGpi76umu3NTg?select=N0burNLECYRKuDC43FJnMQView from door: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/6jK4ecrG9SGpi76umu3NTg?select=JwcV-2qUBkp6EzTAgQAqUwView from door: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/6jK4ecrG9SGpi76umu3NTg?select=t3ZiC6F1qB2l8MDywTssogView from door: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/6jK4ecrG9SGpi76umu3NTg?select=jTjOr-dTdsSfhfkQsFThdQBathroom: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/6jK4ecrG9SGpi76umu3NTg?select=1j70asnABhtW7vUZSNxGvwRoom: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/6jK4ecrG9SGpi76umu3NTg?select=LvvKwiLyz4GbdqHQmBeDuABed: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/6jK4ecrG9SGpi76umu3NTg?select=d7mBB19vxINCEiovJUzwvQBalcony: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/6jK4ecrG9SGpi76umu3NTg?select=l6_X-9NDRuP4LNAtLcf2YgBalcony: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/6jK4ecrG9SGpi76umu3NTg?select=bgiUnt6-CNh3OK9DCmWDPgGolf course: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/6jK4ecrG9SGpi76umu3NTg?select=M9UMmJ5R5SZiKB-831tf_QView from balcony: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/6jK4ecrG9SGpi76umu3NTg?select=9e2GZc41mKLLYLlhNgcJigTower at night: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/6jK4ecrG9SGpi76umu3NTg?select=pF08BClAYoVciZIJqcbvNgBreakfast: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/6jK4ecrG9SGpi76umu3NTg?select=JgS0WVExCxuewDf9O6g6qwDinner: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/6jK4ecrG9SGpi76umu3NTg?select=FQTyWnadJDVq5SI9T2NGTg
2	Prior to making our turn to the back 9, we stopped inside the Pro Shop to grab something from the snack bar.  Surprise!  There is NO snack bar.  We were told to go to an adjacent building, about 100 yards away, where we would find the snack bar.  What we found was not a snack bar, but a bar.  My idea of a golf snack is a hot dog and soda, Gatorade, or a Snickers bar, etc.  With a little bit of attitude, we were informed by the bartender that she didn't sell candy.  We were pointed in the direction of some vending machines.  I purchased a can of Diet Dr Pepper for $1.50, and a Snickers for $1.75.  The Dr Pepper sell-by date was 5 months ago, and the Snickers bar was ghost white.FAIL, Francisco Grande.
4	Found this place on Yelp when looking for a place for Christmas dinner halfway between Phoenix and Tucson. Nice Christmas brunch, reasonable prices, friendly, energetic staff.
4	This place was in the middle of nowhere and occasionally smelled like shite (more on that later) but the golf course was good, food was good, and the staff were excellent. I spent 2 weeks here for work and thought it was quite nice. There's a pool, a bar, a restaurant, a golf course and of course, AZ weather. The only real drawback is that the resort is a couple miles up the road from a beef slaughterhouse. They apparently keep the cattle in a barn and then open the doors every night. When they do that you can smell the cows crap in your room.
5	So we decided to have a Neighborhood boys golf weekend - The "Hall of Foam Group" checked in on Friday, and checked out on Sunday - What a BLAST! The place was UNREAL and completely AFFORDABLE for anyone! Let's go through each of the following:Hotel Front DeskCheck-in was a breeze. The lady at the front desk quickly and efficiently had our group checked in within minutes of arriving. The woman was very friendly and knowledgeable. We were off to our room in the tower to drop off our coolers and clothes, while leaving out clubs down at the golf course area.Hotel RoomWe stayed in the tower rooms - ALL rooms overlook the Sports Complex and the first hole of the golf course. The view was awesome from the 5th floor that we were on - There was a nice sized balcony with a table and chairs that we could hang out on early in the morning when the sun came up. The rooms were clean, modern, and way above average. The bathrooms were huge and the tile work immaculate. There was a big flat screen TV in the hutch, but we didn't watch too much TV that weekend.Golf CourseHaving never golfed at Francisco Grande, I had no idea what to expect - The clubhouse had everything you needed - Balls, tees, and clothes. We gave the Golf Pro our paper voucher, and out to the carts we went. The carts were very modern, and fast for electric carts. The course was awesome. Many very cool holes, including #3 and #8 that you had to hit over water. The course was challenging, but not difficult for the average golfers. Our group had a great time - We were able to split into several groups and play different types of scrambles throughout the course, all while cooling off to several cool beverages from the personable beer cart lady, Donna Rae. Donna made the group comfortable on the course while getting us cool towels, staying on top of our beer situation, and just throwing in her two sense worth on our golf shots. All in all, the golf course gets huge thumbs up.Duke's LoungeHere was the kicker. The Duke's Lounge. This is where we loaded up on beers before we went out on the course, and had a few before we played. The Lounge was first class in a very elegant setting. Many different beers on tap, along with a ton of different bottles to choose from. But it was the food that sent us over the top. On the Friday night we were there, I had the All-You-can-eat Fish Fry. Originally being from Wisconsin, your fish fry had better be pretty good to meet my standards. This was one of the BEST Fish Fry's I have ever had. The food was HOT, FRESH, TASTY, and affordable. I would make the 1 hour drive again, just to have the fish fry. My buddies had the Prime Rib, another had the ribs, and others had the fish fry too. All reviews were the food was excellent.  The bartenders were on top of their game, getting food and drinks out to us, while attending to our needs. The maintenance guy even turned the pool lights to the grass area by the Lounge, so we could play corn hole after dinner. We also had vouchers for the morning breakfast, which was way above average. We had breakfast out on the patio - The service was great, and the food and menu very impressive. So what was the downfall of this place? There was none. It was the perfect stay. We don't want to tell anyone else about this place, so we will have the same service and accommodations next year.The customer service at the Francisco Grande was, and is, outstanding! I did not receive this type of service at expensive 4 and 5 start Phoenix resorts we have stayed and golfed at in the past. Will we come back to this hidden gem? You bet we will. Sure it is off the beating path in Casa Grande, but that is OK. We didn't experience any "smells", there was no traffic, and our stay was perfect - Thank you Francisco Grande - We will be back!
3	I spent weekdays in the month of August at this hotel while on a business project. The decor was very nice with a true Western feel. Pictures of the "Duke" John Wayne hang in the conference area and the hotel bar. The views from the rooms are wonderful across miles of open fields and the golf course. Each room has a patio with table and chairs the perfect spot to enjoy a cup of coffee while waiting for the sunrise if you are an early bird. The pool is perfect for laps.The hotel rooms are spotless and the towels are thick and plentiful.The hotel staff is very friendly and helpful. The food is amazing!
2	My colleagues & I used to stay here a lot back in the mid 2000's because it was one of the few hotels close to our AZ office. I returned here in April 2012 with a group, and either my standards have risen or this place has gone downhill, or maybe both. The sleeping room felt old & tired, almost as bad as a run down Econolodge I stayed at in NM. The walls are thin - I could hear my neighbor on the phone. Couldn't make out what he was saying, but the volume was definitely there. The on-premises restaurant was also not as good as I remembered. Some dishes were good, most had the potential to be good, but they just didn't quite make it. I had a filet, which I ordered rare-medium rare. It arrived more on the medium side but was still edible. My neighbor ordered the filet as medium, and it was definitely more on the well done side. I will however give the bar kudos, because they carry cocktail onions & the bartender made me a decent Gibson.
4	We had 2 great meals of ahi tuna and blackened talapia . Service & drinks were excellent. It was connected to a golf course & a hotel. We ate in the lounge which was very comfortable and nicely decorated. It was 5 miles west of Casa Grande . We will definitely go back.
2	Very nice rooms are great ,but the had the kids soccer there.Them were very load forget sleeping pass 7 in morning to load. Bouncing balls ,throwing back and forth.it would had been great .Next time i will check to see ig anything like this is going on
3	Fore!
3	Went with four girlfriends for dinner this evening and was very disappointed in our meal as well as two of my friends. Two of the ladies had steaks one was so tough she only ate about two bites and couldn't even cut into it. It was a New York steak-the other ladies steak was probably okay but the wine reduction was very thick  and not its usual consistency. All of our baked potatoes were just lukewarm and not hot as though they had been sitting on the steam table without any heat. The two other ladies had salads and they were pleased with everything that they ordered. I ordered the Fish and chips and opted for a baked potato instead of the chips which I said was cold or lukewarm the fish itself was a decent portion there just wasn't any flavor the batter needed some seasoning or something anyway manager came over and talk to us about it but I was surprised that he didn't at least comp the ladies dinner that had the New York steak which she could not eat and sent back to the kitchen! Generally the food is been good at this restaurant but I don't know we must've just come on a bad night! Our service from our waitress was excellent and spite of the food!
