5	Cave Creek is unlike any other small town that I've visited before, anywhere in the US.  There is a welcoming mixture of community, art, culture, culinary, activities, and lifestyle that appeals to a diverse population.  I have been to 4C's before (Cave Creek Coffee Company), Binkley's Restaurant ( still need to write this 5 star review) and a few other eateries.  Harold's Corral was my intended location yesterday, but I was off of work early at the Golden Door Spa at the Boulders in Carefree.  Since Carefree was literally 5 minutes away, I wasn't about to drive home.  After placing a reservation for the Steeler's Playoff game at Harold's, I meandered over to the Gateway Desert Awareness Park.  It's laid out over 26 acres of high-dessert foliage and plants.  Needing to use the facilities, I was relieved to see that they were open and clean.  There are a number of shade pavilions, small trails and even a larger shade pavilion for hosting groups.  If you find joy in the great outdoors, this park is for you!  I particularly appreciated the brief history lessons from the plaques that are posted just below the landscape views.  Definitely will consider planting a mesquite tree, apparently, they create enormous amounts of nitrogen that other desert plants ( creosote, saguaro, etc.) love and require.  I'll need to consult with my local garden supply experts at Baker Nursery though.Perfect for walking, stopping, enjoying, sunning and meandering.
4	The sprawl of the urban areas of the Valley makes parks like this a necessity. This park aims to give people a better appreciation of the region's natural resources and cultural heritage that are in danger of being obliterated by urban development. The park has interpretive nature trails which acquaint the visitor with identity and uses of the Sonoran desert plants and trees. There is also a centrally-located heritage pavilion with informative plaques that illustrate and discuss the fauna, geology, and history of the region and its people. There are also picnic areas, ramadas, horse trails, an outdoor amphitheater, and a playground area for kids. The park could use a bit more maintenance; nevertheless, it is a good place to find some quiet and have a leisurely stroll while gaining a better appreciation of the desert and its natural and cultural history.
4	It doesn't get the press that the Desert Botanical Gardens gets and it certainly isn't as spectacular, but it is free, educational, and really quite beautiful - well worth the drive to Cave Creek.
3	The park is a work in progress, but that progress seems to be so slow. As of this writing the road right after the main entrance seems to be under repair and looks more like a wash than a road.  The main areas seem not to have changed much, except for the riparian simulation behind the pavilion; the water now flows. In all, I think the park could use a bit more attention and a little more TLC.
