3	Located in the Imperial Palace at the end of the isle of stores, Betty's Diner offers pastries and donuts as well as a variety of desserts.    They have everything from smoothies to iced coffee.   Overall the pastries are.  Cinnamon roll was a little dry, but the apple danish was flakey.  The staff is very courteous and they are open from 6 AM - 1 AM daily.
1	You're walking down the strip, on a quest to find wireless internet, when you pass a sign that says "Betty's Diner" and something about wireless internet.  So, you walk in, take forever to find the diner, only to find that it has three computers in the corner that you can pay by the minute to use.  Dang it!  Why did the sign lie?
3	This place fits the IP perfectly..... AKA, it serves it's purpose to provide pay internet to the masses and some snacks for the hungry and hungover. On a side note though, the lady who served me my ice cream last night did an awesome job of scooping! I mean.... yes it is over priced, but my one scoop looked closer to 3-4 instead.
3	Betty ! i visit you every time i come to Vegas ! just to get 'bear claws' for breakfast and ice cream while i am there and to play on the Internet sometimes  you can be a little slow - even when there is no one in the place !  but i forgive you darlin !
3	Great cafe. Good for coffee and great pastries. Comparable prices to a starbucks not in Vegas.
2	I was hoping the food here would be cheaper than everything else in Las Vegas, I guess I was wrong. I was starving and paid $3.99 for a hot dog. At least the hot dog was decent.
2	Takes a while! Vegaspensive.
3	April 28, 2013 Sunday - breakfast 10:30 AM2 adults Atmosphere - 3 starsFood - 3 starsService - 4 starsBackground - Just looking for a quick bite for breakfast.Atmosphere - The place needs the face lift like the rest to the Imperial Palace being changed into the Quad.   Food  Appetizer - None.  My Main Course - I went with the six dollar yogurt parfait.  The yogurt had about five slices of strawberry fanned out on top.  They give you a bag of granola that you can add yourself.  The bag looks like it came right out of one of those little cereal boxes.   Dessert - Umm No.Service - Just there.  Future - I hope not.
2	Went here June 20, 2013 for a quick snack before heading out to the WSOP. Waste of time and money. Pizza was gross and overpriced. The coffee I wanted to return, but we were in a hurry to get to the Rio so I kept it. Won't be coming back.
3	This small cafe is located in the Quad, just near the souvenir shops. They have limited food options, drinks, refrigerated sandwiches, salads, parfaits, etc. We had coffee and egg & cheese croissant. The croissant was warm & crunchy; with a good portion of eggs stuffed in between. A decent place to grab a quick bite, if you don't have time to wait in the restaurant.
1	Bought four plain donuts and a small iced coffee for twelve bucks. The donuts were incredibly tough and tasted like they had been made last week. When they made my iced coffee I watched them pour hot coffee into ice then dump some out and add more ice, are you serious! It tasted like water. Way too over priced for basic food that's still terrible.
