5	MARRONE! Joe and Myrah do it again! They have hired an outstanding pizza guy, also named Joe, which will make it easy for you to remember...lol. Joe makes incredible pies, and with the deli connected to the shop, you have everything. Look for the Nonna's pie, my favorite. The fresh Italian plum tomato sauce is insane, with hunks of fresh garlic and sweet basil. I took a quart of sauce home that night and brought it back with me to Hollywood. I spent the next few days slicing and toasting up some seeded semolina bread and just dipping it in and enjoying the great flavor. I just finished it today and need more! I don't know if i can wait a few weeks till I'm back in Phoenix, so someone needs to FedEx me a jar of Nonna's sauce and maybe a Nonna's pie too. The pie might be easier to FedEx since it's flat, go find out. The supreme pie with everything is delicious! Who the heck else is gonna use shittake and crimini mushrooms? FORGETTABOUDIT! Just go and eat and enjoy, and tell them Gino sent you. And don't forget to send me some sauce. Gino
4	Awesome pizza.  Absolutely delicious.  Only one size but it is huge.  Too much for two people, but worth having extra left over.  We had joes meatballs, fresno peppers, and onions.  It was a winner.
4	Good pizza. Crust is nice and crisp but slices are still fold-able. Great toppings to choose from and at $2.50/slice beyond reasonable! Lunch special: $2 slices and a drink for $5 and they're quick! I like the sauce but can't wait to order a white pizza!! I'm not a huge fan of the alfredo slice -- don't get me wrong: it definitely tastes like alfredo, but that's just not my thing. Maybe if they made it more of a carbonara (i.e. add bacon or ham)! REALLY glad to have them in the neighborhood!!
5	If you want East Coast pie, this is the real deal. We lived in the East for 40+ years (Philly, NJ, NY) and ate plenty of pie from every Mom & Pop shop there - you won't find anything better or more authentic than Isa's in PHX.
4	This place is great.  Friendly staff.  Delicious food. Good prices.  Every time I'm there I see the owner, watching over his restaurant, making sure everything is right.  Great lunch special, two slices and a soda for $5.  Yesterday I had a slice with roasted eggplant, fresh mozzarella, and tomatoes.  Fantastic!
5	Isa's Pizza is a hidden gem!  The best NY pizza in AZ.  It's like a flashback  to Brooklyn, NY.  The aroma of garlic & sauce hits you immediately.  The garlic knots & pinwheels are outstanding!  The pizza is simply delicious, great crust, cheese nice & stretchy and just the right amount of sauce which allows you to fold the slice!  So yummy!!!   The staff is very friendly & accommodating.  Pizza by the slice or whole pies, anyway you like it.  By far the best pizza I've eaten.   Nana's pizza is a must try!   Do yourself a big favor and stop by for a slice of heaven.  I've been there 3 times in one week.  Joe is the best pizza maker and very friendly.
5	Delicious and can you say fun?!  I order pizza to go and enjoyed watching the lunch madness  - these guys have pizza down to a science and they have fun too!!!  I can't wait to come back and try all the different types. Great lunch special and appreciate the convenience of Aiello's being there as well!
4	Molto bene! Love being able to get pizza by the slice.  In my opinion, the crust is perfect. The slices are large, so the $5.00 lunch special is a very good deal. My fave is their version of the margherita with plum tomatoes and basil....
4	Mmmmm.... if you want thin crust done right, then this is the place to go. The lunch special (2 slices and a drink for $5 M-F only) is excellent, and even better if you're sharing with a friend or significant other. The staff is incredibly friendly - I've been there five times so far and have never had a bad experience, and I've never had old/stale pizza like I have in so many other shops. My only criticism is that the place looks really dirty, and that's what brings my rating down from a five to a four. The floors look dirty, the tables inside always look dirty, and the condiment bar is often filthy. I can't bring myself to eat inside for these reasons.
5	Some of the best NY style pizza I've had.  Try the nanna pizza, you won't regret it. I'll be here at least once a week.
4	Tried this place last night. SUPER TASTY PIZZA. We ordered the Supreme for 22.00 The slices are HUGE. The dough is a perfect mix of fluffy crust but dense at the same time and the toppings seem fresh. Also ordered Chicken Cesar salad that I was super unimpressed with. I didn't care for the dressing. Next time I'll do just pizza. They nailed it in that department.
5	Some of the best tasting sauce around.......Nana's Pie is a personal fave, but we trump it up with pepperoni usually :-)Great wings from next door - and the best part, they deliver.Calzones are killer too!
5	Awesome pizza! Must try! Fun staff - great singers! Joey makes a mean pie! Nana's my fav! I want 4 slices :)
5	I'm not the biggest fan of New York style pizza but this place was GREAT! The guys working behind the counter were super friendly and helped us decide on what we wanted. Will definitely be eating here again!
3	I thought i wrote my review for this already, but i guess not.Pizza by the slice is done here, or you can order a whole pizza.Pizza by the slice is nice because you can swing by for lunch without spending awhole lot. and Wait time for food is cut down a lot.I loved the white pizza they had here.Only thing that freaks me out is that the dude touched my pizza with his bare hands.... -_- sad day
3	As New York-style pizza goes, this place is pretty run-of-the-mill. You'll find your white, meat lovers, all that; just wish they offered a few more good toppings like goat cheese (or even feta, for that matter) and had a nicer dining room. Still, if you're looking for NY pizza done right (i.e. no out of the can mushrooms and mess like that you'll find at those cheap looking NY places in strip malls) this is the place.I'd also like to comment on the staff, since some other dope blasted them for being dirty or whatever. I really liked these guys; there were only two on a Friday night (with a driver who was in and out), the dough-slapper and the counter guy. I really liked their rapport; it wasn't anything witty, just really homey and you could tell they were all right guys. I had a little discussion with the owner lady, and it was also pleasant.As they might say in New York*, "IT'S GOOD PEOPLE"*I am not from New York.
4	Great pizza, reminds me of back East (NY). Did not try anything crazy, went with a simple pepperoni and sausage pizza. The food was greasy like back home, but not too bad. Service reminds me of NY as well...
5	Wonderful food and service, see tip below about personal help from owner with allergies!!!
4	Excellent
5	Love this place and the owners! Have tried all their varieties of pies by the slice and they are all very delicious. My favorites are Nana's, Spinach Alfredo, and the Pepperoni, but you can't go wrong with anything you order.  And save room for dessert, the Tiramisu is just perfect!
4	The pizza is delicious! Lunch specials and daily pasta specials are good deals and sound good. Would have given 5 stars but I seen the guy who was making the pizzas wear his apron into the restroom which is super gross! I will definitely be back when I am in the mood for some good pizza though!
4	I ordered two pizzas for delivery and was told 30 minutes. They arrived perfectly on time and both were great. Ordered a veggie pizza and a pepperoni and sausage for a group of people in preparation for fight night. Everyone loved the pizza and the party was a success. For sure one of the best pizzas in town. I'm thankful I live close.
4	Really good Pizza!! Found this place on iDine so got the discount also.
5	Love this place. My new "go to" for lunch. It's fast, delicious, and cheap. Very authentic ny style pizza. I've been going once a week lately and I'm slightly addicted. Do not miss...
2	We spent almost $30 on an 18" supreme pizza. The prices are a little high for the quality. The peppers on the pizza were soggy and overdone, there were only about six pepperoni slices on the entire pizza and the mushrooms did not taste fresh. We have had their calzone three times and it was delicious, a little too much ricotta for me but none the less delicious! The salad bar always looks old and never clean, to say the least ..if you catch them on a good day its good but on a consistent level its not fantastic!
5	Fresh made pizza with great ingredients.  This place is the best pizza in Phoenix hands down.  I work just a little north of this place and have introduced it to all of my coworkers and they all agree with my boast.  They have a very good lunch special every day.  You have to try the Nana's Pizza as the sweet plum sauce on it is fantastic.  I am a regular here and will continue to be for as long as I can.  Great food and friendly service.
5	Awesome!!! if a big slice of greasy yummy pizza is what your looking for here it is. The staff is nice and the service is quick. If I lived around here it would be dangerous.
1	If I could give this place negative stars I would. Don't get me wrong the pizza was good but the guy behind the counter was maybe the BIGGEST jerk I have ever come across.I walked in and saw that they only had pizzas out with slice taken from them and since I had never been here before wasn't sure if they sold whole pizzas or not. So  I asked the guy behind the counter and he said very rudely, "obviously, this IS a pizza place." And while it may have been a stupid question, you should never ever talk to a customer like that! Day 1 customer service rules. I work in the hair industry and deal with people all day long and would never start a sentence with 'obviously' if they asked me a question! Stupid or not!  I ordered a pizza only because I had just got off work and was so tired and was having company over. But I really wish I would have just walked out. Then he proceeds to stare at me and tell me that 'my shirt is intense' after he already knew he pissed me off. Unbelievable!He had a Charr shirt on so obviously works at there multiple restaurants.  But to whoever is managing these places I would not have him working for me if that's how he treats customers. I won't be going back.
4	Great pizza! They only offer one size, which is often too much, but the leftovers are great. Their tortellini is to die for, you should definitely try it! A little pricey compared to most pizza places, but food is wonderful.
5	I found this place driving by and saw a banner boasting having the best NY Pizza in Phoenix. I've been looking for that for a while. I could not help but swing in and try. The Pizza was real NY Pizza!! There was the right flavor, look, greasiness, and when you took that first bite the cheese had that great string from mouth to pizza. The staff was friendly. It was great fun watching the guy making the pizza spinning the dough over his head. And he had no hesitation to talk with me about his pizza and the restaurant. If you ever want to have a slice of NY, look no further. They also have a location on 44 ST. and Bell Rd.
3	The pizza is fantastic! But the delivery guy was covered in scabs and shaking like he had parkinsons. As an RN who works on a lock down psych unit, I can only assume he is a meth addict as I have seen many and he def fit the bill. Just my impression. Scares me to think he might have had a hand in making the pie though. Unfortunate, as the pizza is wonderful but after seeing that would hesitate to order again.
4	Great pizza by the slice any time of day. The lunch special is worth it as well. My favorite pizza is their White Pizza. Just perfect. They do have gluten-free crusts as well, so that is a bonus. The only reason they don't get 5 stars is their price for a whole pie. It's a bit high. Great fresh pizza is hard to find, granted, but -- and forgive me please -- but it is PIZZA. I will never understand how prices can vary in pizzerias. Some are outrageous, some are outstandingly cheap. Isa's borders on the higher side.
5	Hands down eggplant Parmesan and Nana's pizza are  the best two options in my opinion. At 2 slices with a soda for $6.50, it's hard to find a better bang for your buck. I'm talking authentic New York style pizza with fast and friendly service. They change their pizza by the slice daily, but you're bound to find something that suits you. Isa's Pizza has made it into my regular lunch rotations and I highly recommend.
5	Great pizza.  Good prices.  They have a great selection of pizzas to choose from and all are great.  Friendly service.  When combined with the options you can get from Aiello's next door, it's the perfect place for a simple but well done Italian meal that makes you feel welcome
5	My favorite pizza place. Nana's Pie and the Supreme are at the top of my list. Definitely two thumbs up. Support your local businesses
2	I found the place a bit confusing when I first walked in as there are two entrances, one that appears to be for a restaurant setup and the other the Pizzeria. So I stood at the wrong counter for about 5 mins until someone came over to correct my error. Now this is just me, but I finally came to realize that I don not like NY style pizza.  I've had it several times at other establishments and now I know its not what I like.  It was good, the slices where substantial, but its not my thing.If you do like NY style pizza I would assume that you would enjoy Isa's.
5	Seriously the best pizza I've had on the north side. I really like that they sell by the slice and it's like $3 a slice which is reasonable. The slices and pretty large so it's a good deal. I got the Nana's and the spinach alfredo and I would definitely recommend them! My roommate got the white pizza and she said the ricotta was out of this world. This place will be my new go to for pizza hands down.
2	Nothing makes this pizza stand out. Very bland and bad customer service. There are two entrances an it looks like two separate restaurants but it isn't. These guys also own char. I've seen many restaurants come to this location to die. Good luck boys
1	We must be ordering from this place at the wrong time of day, because this place sucks! Don't get me wrong---the food's good. But the poor quality service we've received ruins it. Twice, we've ordered from here. And twice they've decided to just give us whatever the hell they want. Ex.) We ordered a calzone and added meat. We asked if we could do a "meat lovers" to which they replied "Yes!". When the order got to us, we received a meat lover PIZZA. Seriously? Tonight, they screwed up our order again. We called to get it fixed. We were told a manager would call us back and no one ever called to resolve the problem. If you're looking for food that you actually ordered, here isn't the place. If you're up for a mystery meal, then have at it. "F**k this place" as far as I'm concerned.
1	Update: 11/7...Finally got in touch with the manager (Joe). If you have a run-in with this "tough guy", know that he's going to yell scream and stand by his employees. Ex.) He threatened to "kill me" because he didn't like what I said (or wrote on here). If you choose to still give this place your business, good luck. The nail's in the coffin (for this place) as far as I'm concerned.
4	Our "go to" pizza place closed down and we have been on the hunt for a new place. After reading the reviews we thought, "okay, let's give it a try."  My husband is an ex New Yorker and very hard to please when it comes to pizza.  After 3 slices of Nana's Pie he declared, "the only thing I would change is to have the crust a little thinner." WOW that says it all. The pie's where great and the service when I went to pick up was awesome.  We will definitely be ordering again.
