4	Stayed here for a night on 4/5/08.  The check-in process was LONG!  Only one clerk to check in about 6 people that were waiting in line.  Plus she had to man the phones as disgruntled customers wanted new bed sheets and other people were called about vacancy and rates.  I stood in line for about 25 minutes before I actually got my room key.  There's only 3 floors of this modest hotel, but he elevators were extremely slow!  When we did finally get to our room, it was surprisingly big and clean.  I think holiday inn is trying to market the hotel to make it seem trendy because everything was labelled.  The pillows (firm/soft) and the toiletries (cleanse, freshen, tame, soften).  It was cute, but the products themselves sucked.  Overall.. it wasn't that bad to stay there that night, beds were comfy and good TV selection.
3	Decent.  Room had a musky smoker smell to it. Nothing to write home about.
3	Extremely disappointed hosting a banquet in their 'conference center'. The group next door was extremely loud and throughout our event, we got to hear their preaching and soul music loud and clear. The hotel staff didn't do anything to turn down their microphone, so basically our entire function was overpowered by the event next door. It sucked.Very little that we asked for ahead of time was set up the way we discussed. When I arrived, I had to ask for things again (screen in wrong place, centerpieces on table (we brought our own), no table outside the room for a registration table, our photographer was told she could have a specific space and it was not available when she arrived and we had to boot the group out of our way) - it was a little bit of a nightmare.I would probably never host another event in their conference room again without knowing who/what was next door; and even then, it's unlikely.UPDATE: They brought our office cookies and adjusted our bill and apologized again and again for the trouble we had. I will hand them credit - to show up in person and apologize with treats takes guts - don't care who you are. Kudos to them for acknowledging the problems and working to correct them. I really appreciated this!!
4	So much better than the Hampton Inn!  LEEPers, if you have a car, stay here instead of the Hampton!  I know it's not near anything particularly exciting, but it's just a nicer hotel.  Seems cleaner; seems newer.  Flat-screen TVs in the rooms, options on the pillows, and really nice mattresses = hotel success.  Happy with my stay.
1	No internet, still.  No hot water, unless you let it run for 30 minutes to get to a luke warm temp.  Weird sandy/gritty residue on sheets.  Hard beds....the pillow top doesnt help much.  All of this combined means I didnt get any work done and I slept pretty crappy, with no nice hot shower to wash it all away.
2	Would have given 1.5 starsRoom was great...clean...big enough for my bach party. Customer service sucked...had an expo this weekend. ..why do you only staff the minimal amount of people?  There was no carts when we first came...they told us someone would help ....noone came.In the am...asked for towels...came fast the first time....forgot to ask for washcloths..the front desk told me to go outside my room (in my pajamas) to get some. I thought you werent supposed to do that (common courtesy) then it took them 15 minutes to bring them.When we tried to check out we called for a cart (an hr before reg checkout) front desk said from where she was standing she couldnt see one. I went dwnstairs and there was one right in front of her face.So hire more staff so its not an inconvenience for those paying to stay there. Staff that is NOT lazy.
1	Bad, booked rooms for my company.  There was an issue that was minor and the woman at the desk told me to talk to the manager.  I called the manager multiple times even left a voicemail.  She never bothered to call me back and the staff just plays the "you have to talk to the manager card" everytime.  They will lose my companies business.
2	I stayed here for one night while trying to help my son organize his apartment.  It says something (not good) when I feel like, upon leaving the hotel, that I would have been better off sleeping on his couch!First of all this is not the cheapest place to stay in the Champaign-Urbana area so I would have expected something at the very least decent.  While the general appearance of the property and the rooms is acceptable that is where it ends.While check in went fairly smoothly and the clerk friendly it did a bit of waiting before they got to me.  Generally I wouldn't have even mentioned the wait but the rest of my experience was so bad that I figure I might as well throw all the punches.There is a large interior lobby area with what I believe was an open restaurant, a fountain, maybe a bar and I don't know what all.  But the point being was a large open space with people gathering.  The rooms  were either exterior (with windows facing the outside) or interior (with windows facing the lobby).  I had the unfortunate luck of getting an interior room.  While the lobby has  a mostly glass ceiling and gets light from those, the interior rooms are also expected to get their light from the lobby skylights.  I felt claustrophobic!  On top of the light situation there are so many reasons for people to be in this lobby that all you hear are people partying all night!  When I mentioned the noise at check out in the morning they said "well we had a wedding".  That's not my problem, I came for a decent night's sleep and didn't get one.Final note on the rooms, the pillows were awful, just all bulgy and bumpy and plain uncomfortable.  At check out there was only one staff member at the desk and she was on the phone.  I waited for at least ten minutes, during which time she didn't even glance up to indicate that she would be with me in moment.I know that I will have occasion to stay in the Champaign-Urbana area again but would never ever stay here!
5	Enjoyed the entire experience!   I will come back!  Food, check in, ambiance.
3	An older Holiday Inn that's basically clean but room seemed loud on side of pool. Also wifi signal was very poor. Breakfast was average but a decent price.  On a good note all the staff were friendly and helpful
3	It's your typical Holiday Inn Hotel, except you can hear EVERYTHING from the open space. Upon my arrival I requested to not be on that side-facing rooms [thanks to previous Yelp reviews!] and was told I could have a 1bed in the center of it all or 2 beds close to the end where noise-reduction would be improved. I took the 2bed room and I literally was on the end, I could hear a lot still. There were a fair # of organizations present with children/teens and I'm not happy there wasn't someone around from the hotel who could ask them to take it to a room especially late night. Other than noise/children annoyances it was an ok hotel. Whoever designed this hotel many moons ago though should have their engineering license revoked.
2	My friend and I stayed at the Holiday Inn during a conference at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign in May 2014, and we were not satisfied with our stay. The hotel was definitely not clean by our standards. There were big, creamy, white stains on the carpet in the lobby and in the hall. There were layers of dust on the headboards of the beds in our room, and there were long, black marks on the "white" towel that was supposed to serve as the bathmat. At one point, it looked as if a box of cereal had been trampled by the elevator. A cleaning person with a cart that had a vacuum was nearby, but she did not clean up the mess right away. The noise in the hotel was like nothing I had ever experienced. On our first night, we could hear people in the next room chanting. During the days, the cleaning people sang at the top of their lungs while they were cleaning nearby rooms, and they gathered with a male friend in our hall where they laughed loudly as well. The other guests in the hotel were also outrageously loud. On Friday, kids were running and yelling in the halls at 10:00 PM, 10:30 PM, and 11:00 PM as if they were some sort of bell tower set to go off every half hour. On Sunday morning long before the check out time, there were members of a youth baseball team playing a game with a tennis ball in our hallway. They were yelling and throwing the ball against the walls and doors of the rooms. A cleaning person in the hall didn't even try to stop them. I, the guest, had to intervene. We complained about our stay when we checked out, and the hotel compensated us for one night. I filled out a survey and wrote a letter of complaint when I returned home, and though the hotel did not offer any additional compensation, it did promise to address the items on my long list of complaints. We didn't expect a 4 or 5-star hotel, but I'm quite surprised that we had such a dissatisfying experience at a hotel in this national chain.
4	Not a bad place. I'm an IHG member so the hotel usually goes out of their way to help me with anything that I usually need. The hotel looks pretty nice from the lobby. The rooms are pretty standard. The staff is pretty helpful.If you need anything, make sure you just talk to management as the stag usually just goes to them for guidance anyway. Best of all... Free cookies! I mean... FREE! Can you ask for more?You probably could... But this place is alright in my book.
2	Meh.
