4	I needed a new gate for my house so asked my good friend Google.  This placed popped up and they have a solid web site and look pretty reputable ( www.actiongateaz.com ).   I sent them a request for an estimate via their online contact form.  They got back to me via email after a few days to schedule an appointment.Their rep (Gary) arrived within the time-window given.  Turns out he is the owner and couldn't have been a nicer guy.  He looked at my current gate configuration and listed the replacement options in an honest and straightforward way.My wife and I decided on a new gate on the spot and placed the order.  He said it would take about 3 weeks to make and install the thing because his company is so busy.  The only bummer is that it took over a month but it is ok because our new gate looks fantastic.Scheduling the estimate and install were both a breeze, they have great customer service and a great product.  I'm told my gate is going to last forever so I probably won't have to use this company again, but I would in a heartbeat if needed.The only thing I didn't like is that they didn't call me after the install to make sure everything was ok.  Another thing is that I chose a stupid handle/lock combo and Gary didn't tell me it was dumb when I ordered it.
5	Where do I begin with Action Gate?  From the moment Diane picked up my first phone call, to the moment the gate was finished was an extremely pleasant experience.I had a very bad experience with another company trying to get a side gate (8', split in the middle, both sides can open).  Gary came out, quotes me on the gate and didn't raise the price from the time he came out to the time I got the official quote.Unfortunately though, it did take about a month to get the gate.  But, it was of such superb quality, the time I waited was well worth the wait.  I called multiple times to get a status and Diane was always happy to look it up and let me know.I loved their work so much, I recommended a colleague to use them.  He was very satisfied with the quality of their work, and their pricing as well.Thanks Action Gate!  I will continue recommending you guys to anyone who asks me.
5	We were looking at options to replace our walk through gate with an RV gate for our new house. This was the only company that gave us the time to ask all our ridiculous questions, and they took the time to actually answer them completely. From the beginning they were nothing but wonderful to work with. The initial appointment was a breeze, the options were all very clear and the quote was completely realistic. The installation was quick and painless. Diane was a joy to work with over the phone, responded quickly and kept us informed the whole time. They are amazing to work with and I would recommend them to anyone!
