3	Good little diner.  Typical little diner except it is in a little strip mall next to the State Store...so kind of hard to find.  Must be Steeler fans...have a terrible towel and the bunny with an easter basket and Steeler gear.Place was busy, good lunch crowd.  Have about 12 tables and a counter that is split with 4 and 4.  Sat at the counter to watch the cook.  Love to watch the cooks work!  If you order the pancakes, watch out, they are huge...you get two huge pancakes on a large oval plate...and yes...the plates do not match...so cool! For those more adventurous you can get the Country Fried Steak!Ordered the Eggs-R-US' Almost Famous Breakfast Sandwich comes on Italian Bread toasted on the grill with melted cheese, a couple of huge thick yummy pieces of bacon (or ham or sausage), a huge scrambled egg.  OH SO GOOD!Oh Yea, the home fries are good too!Wait staff kept my cup full and were friendly but very busy.If you are looking for a good breakfast give it a try...preferred over the infamous P's.
5	Always busy in the morning and with good reason. The hot sausage and bacon are unreal.  Do yourself a favor and get the bountiful breakfast.
5	Topologists are still trying to figure out how such a tiny hole in the wall can produce such huge meals. The breakfast burrito is big enough to hide a Fosters oilcan in, the regular-sized pancakes are each the size of four LPs stacked up, and the larger MANcakes are -- well, if you have to ask, you can't eat them.But size doesn't suffice for a five-star joint like this. The food is so GOOD that you'll arrive at a clean plate soon enough, even when it's piled high (and it will be). Why was I born with two ears and only one stomach? WHY?
3	Average diner no more no less.  Look for the Diner sign in the corner behind the wine & spirits to find them.
4	This place isn't going to knock  your socks off with the decor or ambiance but the food is good and fast!  The place is normally slammed (esp after church) so you might have to wait a bit for a table. Pros: Big Portions, Some healthy options available, friendly service even if they are busy, they do have outdoor seating (metal furniture on an uneven sidewalk in the strip mall, again ambiance) Cons: they will probably be a wait for a table but being busy is actually a good thing, i guess. I know diners aren't frequented for their decor but this place needs a remodel. It can get loud inside because of the open kitchen and close corners. Overall: I go here at least once every couple of weeks. The food is solid and the service is friendly!
4	Have you ever walked into a place and the look of it was so "dumpy" or "divey" looking? Eggs R Us is that place, so dumpy that it's cool! I love this place!I found myself on Noblestown Rd to get a loaf of Italian bread across the street and I decided to stop in for coffee. Being a veg, I figured I probably wouldn't be able to get anything there for nourishment. To my surprise they had egg white omelette (I do allow myself yoke free egg substitutes, fat free milk, cheeses, and yogurt) with peppers, onions and tomatoes. I ordered that with wheat toast. It was delicious, void of oils or butter, the vegetables, crisp tender, were an excellent flavor burst for the fluffy egg whites. Even better when I put a little frank's hot sauce on it.Excellent service, the waitresses where super friendly, eager to please and very  nice. For the omelette, toast and coffee (bottomless cup) my bill came to 8.11, not bad at all. I can see myself stopping by quite often.
5	YUM!I accidentally ran upon this place when a coworker of mine & I were in a rush for lunch. We were gonna hit the pub in the strip mall, but I saw this at the last minute and we went to the diner instead. I am so glad we did.I've only ever gotten the omelet but I have no problem with that either. For like $6-7 you get this HUGE omelet filled with meats and vegetables and cheeses. You can get additional meats & cheeses for extra cost, but you get that plus potatoes and toast. It's absolutely ridiculous. And so damn good. I'm usually full through dinner when I eat there for lunch.My friend once ordered the french toast with bacon and that looked delicious as well. In fact, I tasted the bacon - crispy!They don't deliver but they do call ahead orders and take out. Since whenever I'm in Pittsburgh I'm at a local hotel eating reheated food, I might have to start taking this place up on that. That is, if I don't make my coworkers offended by eating delicious smelling food in front of them ever day!I love this place. It's a dive, but it's good.
5	Eggs-R-Us definitely is my favorite dinner in the city. I mean, with a name like this why wouldn't it be? Located in what I'd call a rinky-dink place in Green Tree, it's easy to overlook, however, once you go you'll always remember it.Whenever I have a friend in town, family up or just a friend who is hungry I always try to take them here. They do have a lunch menu, but how can pass up some great diner breakfast dishes when given the chance? Nothing I've had has every disappointed. French toast, amazing. Omelets, wonder. Pancakes, enormous and delicious. Even their Italian bread they serve with their meals is good. Everything is just out of this world. My favorite meal hands-down is their breakfast burrito. Now I don't like to admit this but I have finished one in a single sitting. If you ever order one you will probably judge me. The burrito takes up an entire plate and is filled with all the breakfast goodies you'd imagine. It really could be split into two meals and for like $6.99 who wouldn't love to make two meals out of something?And as far as service goes I'd never had a bad experience. I know diners get a bad rap for having waitresses with rude attitude and give you bad service, but this really isn't the case. Everyone has always been quite nice and I've always enjoyed my experience there. Sometimes I feel like I should take a day off of work just to go. It would totally be worth it.
5	Best breakfast spot in the city. Huge portions and great tasting food. Try the monster breakfast burrito.
1	After reading the many positive reviews about this hole in the wall diner I was really looking forward to my brunch this morning. I ordered the omelette with hash browns and toast. Once I actually saw the food I wanted to just walk out. It tasted 10 times worse than it looked. The toast was drenched with butter. The hash browns were definitely bought from the frozen isle of a store. And the vegies in my omelette were not fresh ( most likely frozen vegies). I dont expect a diner to match up to the quality of real breakfast places but i do expect fresh food. Just STAY AWAY.
5	Settled on this diner because it was closest to the hotel and closer to the airport than Pamela's or the Original Pancake House. Glad we made the decision. There was no wait and the staff was very friendly. The portions were extremely generous, the food was great and halfway through the meal the cook sent over another plate of ham because he felt the original piece on my plate was too small (not the case). The spicy sausage is great so definitely order a plate of that. Would definitely come back.
5	One Sunday morning as I was leaving work at 7am and hungry for breakfast, I thought to myself, "Self, you should finally go to Eggs-R-Us!"  Sometimes, I must admit, I have the best ideas.I arrived just before 7:30am and they already had a few patrons at tables.  I was solo so I just took a seat at the counter.  I had been drooling about the breakfast burrito for awhile.  You might even say I have a breakfast burrito addiction.  I ordered mine with the sweet sausage and oh my.....it was everything I dreamed it would be.  Before I even devoured it, I was impressed with size.  Biggest breakfast burrito I've seen yet.  Now I'm not afraid of food in the least.  But about halfway through that burrito I had to take a breath.  At this point the waitress came over and asked me if I wanted a box.  I acted a bit insulted by her assumption that I was unable to finish this burrito in one sitting.  However, shortly after that I started to feel lightheaded.  Then I kind of picked apart what little remained and ate the sausage and a few other bites until I had enough.  Yes, faithful followers, I was just narrowly defeated by the Eggs-R-Us breakfast burrito.  But when I was done it was quite clear that I did not need a to-go box.All told, my burrito with the meat addition was $8.75.  Not bad when the size is taken into consideration.  That bad boy was stuffed with eggs, cheese, sausage and enough potatoes to serve two people.  Sitting at the counter was also probably not the best idea as I watched several other delicious looking items being made like the mancakes and the breakfast sandwich.  Or maybe it was the best idea because now I have a few reasons to return.As I left, a gentleman, perhaps the owner, was taking empty boxes outside.  He held the door open for me and personally thanked me as I left.  That sincere appreciation was the best way to end one of the best breakfasts I've had in recent memory.
4	I took a chance on this places and boy was I surprised good service and big portions for the price.
5	Really great little diner!  Great food.  Reasonable prices. Great service.  Combinations are yummy.  I had a medley of breakfast items and ALL were outstanding.  By 1p on a Saturday it was easy to get a seat and service was super fast.  I will definitely go back.
1	I visited this place because my boyfriends father saw an ad on TV for it. Immediately I  thought, Eggs R Us from TV? This sounds odd. It was semi difficult to find because it is located in a strip mall. The place was fairly busy but we helped a server put together two tables and sat down right away. Pretty good for a Saturday am. I couldn't help but watch the kitchen as I was facing them and they were all moving rather quickly. As I watched plates come out my first thought was, I wonder if those potatoes are bulk frozen potatoes? That's never a good thought when you are about to order. I decided to go for the breakfast burrito because that was what everyone here on Yelp recommended. I had no idea the thing would be as big as my head. Holy crap! I literally ate 1/4 of it. It was alright, nothing to write home about. Service was okay, dinner was crowded and small.The thing that bothered me about this place was what I saw going on as I waited for my food. The toast was being made in the masses. I wanted to snap a picture of the toast mountain that was forming at the bottom of the toast roller, but it was right next to the busy servers. We kept talking how we didn't have an appetite for toast because of their bulk pile of white bread that had formed. Then I noticed something that made me want to immediately leave the restaurant. Gross! They were cooking food and putting it in buckets!?! OMG are you serving animals? That's what putting food in buckets reminds me of. I really hope that bucket food was something that burnt and wasn't being used. I never got to confirm. After reading Darren W's review, I think thats how they cook and serve food. Come on, guys! Disgusting. I will not go back.I think I'll stick to places like Cafe Davio, where I know the food is homemade, and not served in bucket bulk. Gross.
5	Dude. So we were originally going to this breakfast place that was featured on Food Network (I am such a sucker) but the wait was like 2 hours (we are all suckers) and we somehow ended up at this place. The food was good, the price was probably 1/3 of what you'd pay at a "brunch" place, and everywhere I looked, there were people in baseball caps dismantling essentially half of what Old MacDonald's farm could produce in a day. On top of that, service was fantastic, with the manager/owner coming up to us and giving us an extra bacon, because he felt like we didn't get enough! Yes, you can win my affection with cured pork.
1	If your looking for quality food with quality ingrediants. This is not it. Sysco drek!!p
5	This place is awesome great tastes for low low prices... Can't believe how cheap the price for so much food... A little small so you gotta go real early or on the weekdays when everyone's at work... This places food is so good words can't tell..It's a little small so big groups are problems... It's child friendly... But a little loud because of the close quarters..
5	Was in Pitt for a hockey tournament, and the Doubletree recommended Eggs R Us for breakfast.  It is an excellent diner.  We had breakfast here both days and loved.  One of our players ate the breakfast burrito. He said they are huge and delicious.  Great service as we'll
5	I work up the street and order delivery with my coworkers a minimum of 2x a week. The food is always always fresh. The servings are huge. I literally split an omelette 3 ways and its a full breakfast for all. And on the very rare occasion the driver forgets something? They either offer to bring it back to us or give a credit for next order. Their breakfast sandwich, omelettes, and burrito are amazing...but try a belly busting bacon cheeseburger. Amazingggg. And with fries under $7. Many times the owner himself delivers our food, is very friendly. This makes me feel better that this is a hands on business.  I have only eaten in there one time. Yes its small, the grill is right there in the open, and the place gets very crowded. I'm not really a fan of that mels diner type atmosphere,  I prefer delivery at work. You wont be disappointed if you work or live near here and get breakfast or lunch delivery. Support a local business folks!
4	I felt like I was walking into an old man's club. Basically because it was all old men and us four ladies eating breakfast. Apparently old men appreciate a bountiful breakfast, because that's what you get! The servings are incredible! They're massive, so get ready to eat and maybe not eat again that day! I really wanted just a basic breakfast with all the fixins, so I ordered the Bountiful Breakfast: two eggs, home fries, and sweet sausage. I opted to order a chocolate chip pancake instead of having the Italian toast the breakfast came with because you know... I didn't already have enough food!Everything was as expected for a greasy spoon diner. Greasy and good. i thought the pancake was delicious with tons of chocolate chips! And at around $8ish bucks this was a steal!
5	Best breakfast joint in Pittsburgh.
4	We used to live so close and so we would order breakfast takeout from there at least once a week...and the food is so consistently yummy!  We moved to Pleasant Hills recently and are in search of a place that compares...so far, no such luck.The atmosphere is gritty awesomeness...the place is TEENY TINY, and you can expect to walk out with a good stink on you...but, the food is totally worth it!
3	Pretty decent local breakfast joint as far as food goes. Nothing out of the ordinary. There is always a huge line to get in the door and is really no standing room. Seating itself is also pretty cramped. In the particular case of this greasy spoon, I'm not too thrilled to look at what's cooking in the open kitchen, but this could have to do with the fact that it is always kind of dark inside and because of that it can look a little dingy. It's not that it really seems unclean or anything. The food always seems to take just a little too long, but when it comes out it's always good. Nothing to write home about though.
5	Craving a Sunday brunch, I used Yelp to find a great place that was still open and serving breakfast.  My friend and I decided to head to Eggs-R-Us.  Thanks to reviews, I knew it was a little hard to locate since it's unusual to find a diner in a strip mall. We arrived around 1:30pm and found the dining area about half full so it was easy to seat ourselves. Eggs-R-Us has an extensive breakfast menu with various options of pancakes, breakfast meats, omelets, and French toast. I had their country fried steak and poached eggs on toast. My friend had their French toast sandwich with a side of home fries.  Both of us truly enjoyed the food.  I'm from the South and rarely find a true country fried steak with white gravy north of the Mason-Dixon so I was delighted to find the real thing. The portions were generous and they use quality meats.We didn't have pancakes but several of the other diners made that choice and they looked delicious!
4	Great place for breakfast. I had a excellent omelette with mushroom, onion, swiss and hot sausage. Toast and a heaping portion of home fries on the side kept me full most of the day. The service was good, I highly recommend Eggs-R-Us.
3	I can only rate this a three not based off of their good which was excellent but because of their lack of customer service. The place is small, which adds to the old school diner feel, but the servers act as if they have no time for anyone but the regulars. It was my first time eating here (new to the Greentree area) and not a single server (they all help cover each other's tables which is a plus!) even said 'Hi' or 'how are you guys doing today'. The first simply set silverware down and without looking at either myself or my husband uttered 'your server will grab your drinks' and walked away. Almost ten minutes later, our server walks up and had my husband not been looking up, since I was buried in the menu, neither of us would've noticed her standing there since she didn't greet us. She takes our drink requests without a smile or any additional interaction and walks away. Our order for food followed soon after but our simple breakfast took over 30 minutes to  arrive, the saving grace of the experience was the delicious onion & green pepper potatoes! The bacon quality was great but it tasted like burnt and dirty griddle, which just shows poor training in the kitchen or lack of awareness. However, I love the diner atmosphere so I will continue to go back and hope it can only improve!
5	We went on a Saturday and at first were a little frustrated about the wait, BUT once we sat down and had some food, we had no regrets.Simply one of the best breakfasts I've had in awhile! I ordered corn beef hash and eggs, and probably the most flavorful I've had! No salt or pepper or anything needed here!We will def go back to this place. Plus, I love they have some healthier breakfast options!
5	We arrived after lunch rush and had a great meal. The omelets were expertly made, fluffy area fantastic fillings and cheese. I loved the hash browns too, crispy tasty patties. The pancakes....we got blueberry and banana walnut. The banana walnut were fantastic.  Large chunks of walnuts and yum bananas. Breakfast burrito was delish too! The service! Fast and awesome. Refills kept coming. And our waitress was great. I got my omelet and it had homefries. I noted I ordered hash browns she said ok quickly no arguing with me and promptly ran and got me hashbrowns. She didn't take my plate away like so many restaurants do and make me sit there with no food. She didn't take the homefries away either which always strikes me as petty at restaurants when an order is wronf. I was a restaurant manager who didn't like that practice as you can't serve that food again once it gas hit the table and it's yacky. Super professional service and made us really happy
5	In town for my first Steelers game, this place was great! Awesome and friendly service, great coffee, and you can't beat the prices. I had their almost famous breakfast sandwich, and got a choice of sweet or hot sausage. The hot was nicely spicy and delicious! Classic diner feel, huge portions. When  I'm town I'll definitely stop again!
5	My wife and I have loved this place ever since we moved to Crafton over 5 years ago. It is the picture of a greasy spoon diner. Counter and table service. Big portions and decent prices. The waitresses have always been friendly and the owner/cook is nice as well. This place gets packed on the weekends, so be prepared to wait a little while at the door, but it's worth it! The Omelettes and Big Breakfast Burrito seem to be favorites of all the customers as well as myself. The home fried potatoes are a must side for any breakfast.
5	I forgot to write a review for here.  Just throwing a quick one out.This food here was amazing, and cheap. Ordered a huge meaty omelette and some home fries for around $7 w/ a coffee. Negative: The place is tiny and was jam packed not one seat open except at the counter behind the cooks. Was interesting watching their fast pace though and realizing although I love to cook I could never handle working a position like that. Non-stop, bam, bam, bam, pushing food out. Very loud inside. If you are claustrophobic go eat in your car lol. My anxiety level was above average til I received my food and blocked everyone out while enjoying it.
4	Great breakfast!  Huge portions and less expensive than eat n park. Support local businesses!
