4	Pork tacos, beef tacos, shrimp tacos, chicken tacos, short rib tacos, grasshopper tacos.  Yep, grasshopper tacos, but not until 2:15 so I didn't have one.  Most all the teams competing provided generous samples for only 1 ticket ($2).  With nearly 30 teams, I could not possibly try them all but found a few favorites and restaurants I'll be trying soon (Fuego Bistro and SWB).  And thanks to all the teams that provided adequate eating essentials such as plates and napkins (shame on you Fuego-I loved your incredibly juicy pork taco but it soaked through the paper thin napkin you served it on after the first bite requiring my hand to be the depository for all the drippings).The big open bar for drinks was adequately staffed (and shaded).  I loved my Paloma (Squirt and Tres Agaves Reposado) and my husband's Firefly Sweet Tea Lemonade (with sweet tea vodka) was surprisingly good.The not so good...There was no shade except for the VIP tent and the beverage area.  Without a breeze, it was getting hot by early afternoon, so we left before any of the judging.  But for a first year event, I'm a fan!
3	It was a bit of the good, the bad, and the ugly at this festival. There was wrestling, bounce houses, trash everywhere, lots of tacos, and lots of tequila sounds like one fun party to me.  As a first year event, I was impressed.  The Good:*The taco quality was impressive for a festival and the concept is fantastic.  My favorite that I tried was Barrio Cafe's spare rib taco.  My least favorite was the grasshopper taco but I was thrilled that I didn't spend a lot to try it and had the chance to try it. The side cart items like street corn fantastic!*A portion of the proceeds benefit Waste Not a charity delivering food to 100 agencies.*They had some kid activities. Face painter Daisy was fantastic.*I left with a stack of coupons and a list of places I want to try.  *The price was very fair, not sure how the VIP patrons felt.  We went average Joe and enjoyed the festival.*People were having fun.The Bad:*The location of a dirt parking lot and little shade was not ideal.*Pay another face painter the line was way too long.  She was very good but one more possibly two would have been great.*The layout of the vendors needs more space between them and if you put them in a U make sure there is plenty of space between them!The Ugly:*Vendors ran out of food.*Trash was everywhere b/c there wasn't enough trash cans.*The "CONTEST" was lost.  I had no idea who, when, or where they were judging and that could have been entertaining.
1	I was so, so hopeful.  October in Scottsdale, yummy, tacos.....Wow!  Rip Off!! $10 Just to get in (what was that for?). No shade unless you were buying a drink.  Most places wouldn't give you salsa or taco sauce with your measly over priced taco. They seemed like the vultures who didn't care about the customer, just the $2 ticket they could grab from you.  I had to beg for a napkin then hunt for a place to sit feeling watched by the other vultures waiting for me to get up.I was ready to leave after 45 minutes and my Pepsi had gotten warm, so I had gotten a cup of ice from the bar.   I poured it in, took one drink and as I was leaving to hike back to my car, security stopped me and would n't let me take it out! "It could have booze in it".  Well, by then, I was one angry little local. Dumped it all in trash and said to my sweet daughter in law who was about to "go mad" with me, "Get me outta here!". She had brought her 2 year old, thinking what a fun way to spend a Saturday morning and encourage our local businesses.  Nope.  Not good.
1	We were ever hopeful about sampling great tacos!  Got there around  2:30pm and the line was gigantic to get in.  We kept walking down over the bridge to the Cowboy Ciao area and the line still kept going.  Then we heard people who were leaving the festival saying vendors were already out of tacos!  No sense in waiting 30 minutes in line just to get in and pay $10+ without full opportunity to sample...so we skipped it.  :(Hopefully organizers will plan more shade, better flow and longer lasting food supplies from the vendors next year!
3	I'm not sure if this is the first year for the festival. If it was, I hope they make improvements next year.Location: Dirt lot in the Waterfront. Okay, not ideal for flip flops but being so close to the mall and other restaurants was nice.Cost: $10 to get in, $20 for 10 tickets. Tacos were usually one ticket per taco. I understand that some of the profits went to charity but it was a little pricey for what was there. I'm glad I didn't go VIP, really wasn't worth it.Tacos!: All kinds of amazing tacos to sample. I got there around 3pm so a few vendors had run out of tacos but there were plenty to sample. 10 tickets was plenty for two people to have their fill. All the tacos I tried were very tasty and the portions were good.All the other stuff: There was a surf band that was pretty good, some lucha libre wrestling, and a bunch of other booths that I didn't really bother to look at. I would have liked to go to the tequila expo but for another $10 entrance fee and tickets it didn't seem worth it. I wanna get my money's worth but I didn't feel like getting shitfaced in the middle of the afternoon. If they had the festival start and end later that would have been better.The taco vendors were in this kind of U shape. They were super close together and at some points it was hard to figure out where the line was. Next time they should spread them out more.Shade and seating were a huge problem. There were several picnic tables but they were covered with trash since there weren't enough garbage cans. The only shade was under the big bar tent that was swarmed with people. Next time more seating and shade please! We would have liked to stay longer but it was still pretty warm and between the fullness and the sun we cut our stay short.Overall we had a good time and were glad we went.
2	I'm still a fan of the event itself and most of the tacos were quite good for $2.  The vendors were spread out a little more this time, too, which was nice.  But even though there were more tables this year and umbrellas, there still was not nearly enough seating or shade.  With as much empty space as there was, I don't understand it.  If you're going to hold an event in October when it's almost guaranteed to be 100 + degrees, people (namely me) need a place to sit and get out of the sun.  My taco eating experience was cut far too short because it was just too hot to eat much.  Yes, there is a VIP tent for $100.  But this gets you only the food and drink inside the tent (Macayo's), not the tacos which, correct me if I'm wrong, are the reason we're there in the first place!  Also the alcohol choices were more limited this year.  Where was my Squirt drink I loved so much?  Only beer and margaritas this year.Unless they move the location indoors or hold it later in the year, not sure I'll return next year.  I think it would be worth the $60 or so the two of us spent had I not succumbed to heat exhaustion before I used up all my tickets.  Knocking off a couple stars because the organizers should have figured this all out last year.
3	My boyfriend and I were so excited to go to this today. We both love tacos and being able to sample tacos of all different types from all different vendors for only $2 sounded so appealing. Not sure what the $10 to get in paid for since there wasn't much for shade, seating, or regular drinks. Would have been nice if it wasn't so hot, crowded and a place to sit and enjoy the tacos you just bought to eat! I am super excited we went though becuase we did find out about some new places to eat and even got some coupons to use, Wooo hoooo! The food was good, just needs a little more organization!
2	It was HOT today!  Despite the uncomfortably hot temperatures, we ventured out to the Waterfront to take in our share of taco goodness.  I was a little miffed by the admission price of $10 per person, but went in with high hopes.  Like others said, there was a distinct lack of shade, and it was also very dusty and a lot of dry grass was being kicked around in the air, making for a very extensive sneezing experience there!  The tacos were fairly small, street taco size, for $2 (1 ticket) a taco.  We arrived around 3:30-4 P.M. and unfortunately some of the taco vendors had already sold out of their tacos, which limited our selection.  They had also sold out of diet soda.  I was annoyed that a volunteer continually harassed me at the drink booth telling me I needed to go get my ID checked at a totally different section of the booth when I had told him multiple times that all I wanted was a soda.  He had made it seem like a very big deal that I was getting a drink there without ID check (Even though I am WELL over the age of 21!).  I was very close to the front of the line, so I was NOT going to get out of line on a very hot day when there are huge lines to get my ID checked just to get a stinking soda!  When I went to the front to order my soda, the ladies taking tickets and getting drinks didn't care how old I was, why should he?  After I left with my soda, the volunteer stopped me again, saying "Oh, so they let you get the drink?"  Well... yeah, I have it in my hand, so yes (Was that not obvious?).In general, I'm glad I went to this festival to say I did experience it, but I don't think I'll be going again in the future.  There is a lot of room for improvement that still can be done, plus I go to festivals to have fun, not to get harassed if I want a soda at a booth that sells alcohol.
2	Shade, what shade? There is no Stinking SHADE!Water, what no water...oh give up a taco ticket for water or choke on tacos.
2	My wife and two kids and I went to the Taco Festival after anticipating it ALL week!  We were so excited to try all the different types of tacos touted online.  We didn't mind the $10 tickets, although we were annoyed they were half off the day after we bought them on deal chicken or living social or something.  Anyway, we got a QR code ticket confrimation and nothing else, so we printed out the black and white jigsaw puzzle looking thing and headed to the festival.  We got there early to try to avoid the crowds and the heat since it was supposed to be 100F.  We got there with our crazy QR code and the ticket people at the south entrance looked at us like we were crazy.  They told us we had to go to the North entrance to get it scanned because they didn't have the scanner at the South Entrance.  Ok so here's my first problem.  If you're expecting 10,000 people and you are sending out these QR codes to be all high tech, you better be ready to scan them.  Instead they made my wife, me, my toddler and infant, trek over to the North Entrance, where they still didn't know what to do with our ticket but let us in anyway~!!!!! It's not that it was far, it was more of the principle of the matter.This was the start of a frustrating experience.We bought 7 tickets, thinking 7 tacos would probably be plenty.  $2 per taco is kinda pricey but hey it goes to charity right?  But $2 for non-alcoholic drinks was a little much.  If you're charging $2 for beer and also for a 12 oz soda, there's something wrong with that.  Besides, we could hardly find the non-alcoholic drinks to actually buy!The dust and dirt everywhere made the eating experience less than palatable.  It's not their fault it was so stinking hot; last weekend was beautiful here in Phoenix.  They could have put up more shade though.The saving grace of the festival was really the tacos.  We never found the grasshopper tacos, but really enjoyed the different variety of tacos with hot sauces.Best bang for the buck-  Chelsea's kitchen's short rib tacos.  Amazing.  We're going to have to try this restuarant.Most disappointing-  PV Burger's Shrimp taco.  two pieces of small shrimp.  The sauce was good but presentation made it the worst of the day.
4	Great way to spend a Saturday. Pricing is not bad. Great selection of different vendors. And a I enjoyed the Tequilla tasting tent. The heat made it less enjoyable.  Would have been nice to have more shaded seating.  But who would figure that it would be 100 degrees on October 15th. This is a nice location.  Great arrangement and easy access. I got there earlier in the morning, so parking was a little easier to find.  Come later in the day and parking as well as lines to get through entrance may be little longer. The $10 entry fee may have been a little high considering that you really got nothing for that fee.  As you have to pay for food and drinks via purchasing tickets.  But reading about the event, I believe there was a charity involved too, so that may be where the fees go. Be prepared for heat, dust and dirt. Remember, this is ony the second year.  I am sure they are already planing on how to make it better.  I can't wait of 2012.
2	I want to start off by saying that the participating restaurants weren't to blame for what was wrong with this event - the tacos were all delicious. My problem with the event was that it was extremely disorganized. It was damn near impossible to get a drink or to stand in the shade or to even get into the place. I tried not to hold a grudge on the line to get in, but holy hell. It was all enough to discourage me from coming back. If this was the first Taco Festival, I'd be more understanding. I'll bet the layout made total sense before they let people come inside. They need to check out a few Tempe Town Lake events to see how it's done.There were several Valley events running concurrent with this one (like Tour de Fat)... Next year I may do something else. Overall though, I'm glad I went. I was able to sample some really tasty tacos. The offerings from Vitamin T, Cien Agaves, and Blanco's were excellent. We didn't have a single bad taco actually - can't recall every place we tried, but it was all good. I probably will go again at some point because I love tacos and I love to support good local restaurants, but I'm not in a hurry.
3	I hate to include this in my review, as this is not a classroom or a soapbox but for those complaining about the admission fee, you have to put things into perspective. Is $10 high? Perhaps. But someone spends money when you're born, you spend money during your life, and ultimately, someone spends money when you die. Everything costs money. There was a live band there, do you think they like playing for free? Port a johns cost money to rent; tents = money; stupid luchador ring = money; the location itself = money, and all the people to set it up require money, get it? The fact that our dollar doesn't pay for shit anymore has a lot to do with it as well, but I absolutely will not go there on Yelp. What bugs me is the Scottsdale locals complaining about a $10 fee when the event was in Scottsdale, a nicer part of AZ and surrounded by the nicest mall in AZ where they'd gladly drop their ducats on the myriad boutique shops there. I don't begrudge them for that, as I like to spend my hard earned money as well, but I do it will full knowledge and seldom regrets on my end. Parking at first, was a bitch. I actually felt sorry for the people that just wanted to go to the mall and couldn't part in the parking garage closest to the event. I made that mistake at first trying to park there. I ended up having to drive like Jason Bourne to get out of that place. Parking over at Barney's right up the street was plentiful. Heaven forbid that the desert "locals" have to walk a couple blocks in the heat, and then pay $10 though.  All that being said, I agree that it could have been organized better. There were not enough tents, not enough vendors that also sold drinks, and not enough seating (though I had no trouble standing and eating). It also was Africa hot yesterday. Yeah I said it. Africa hot. I sucked it up though, and I'm not even an AZ native. Oh well, you can control the money you spend (that's a $10 whiner reference) but you can't control the weather. On to the tacos! Yay! Overall, the tacos were alright leaning close to good, but nothing spectacular. Boo!I like the fact that they were Mexican street vendor style tacos and honestly, with a few exceptions, I don't think a ticket was high as I had some tacos that were loaded with meat. Consider that a Taco Bell "taco" costs almost two dollars. I can't remember all the vendors but all were not  bad. It is a bummer that a lot of places sold out of food so quickly, especially the seafood tacos. I only got to try one seafood taco from one place and it tasted good but it was definitely a skimpy taco and not worth a ticket. Seafood is a luxury in the desert though. One taco vendor that I didn't enjoy so much was the one who flash fried their ground beef tacos. Good concept, but the frying made the tortilla hard and chewy, and the meat just didn't taste good. Was it Grade C beef? I like the vendors that tried to make their tacos "exotic" by balancing spicey and sweet by adding pineapples and other fruits in their tacos. I was bummed that there wasn't anything truly "exotic" offered there. I don't think there was a vendor that had tacos de tripas. I can see how a vendor would have a tough decision with selling those though.   Three stars out of five seems like a lot, but I thought it was "alright" and that's what three stars represents, so there you have it.
4	it was hot but i still enjoyed myself! it was so hot i wasn't really in the mood to keep eating after one taco. i would have liked more shade while standing in line. the parking, for me at least, wasn't bad. i work in that area so i knew of a semi-secrety underground parking area and got a wonderful parking spot just steps from the entrance.i thought $10 entrance fee was fair but was totally jealous of the people in line who had $5 off tickets. i then spent $10 on taco/drink tickets. i thought $20 overall was a fair price considering i got to try tacos for places i wouldn't normally get to try. and it was a fun event so it was totally worth the $20 in my opinion.i will also say that after trying the mission tacos i am in love. and will now make it a priority to head to the mission.seriously, their pork taco was insane.
1	Disorganization is all I can say. The weather sucked. It was hot, but they can't control that. My biggest problem was with the lines. I bought tickets to the event and tequila tent days before the event. Not a single line was properly labeled. Who knew there were two lines because there were no signs! And waiting in lines when its 100 degrees out when you don't have to is stupid.The tequila tent was great (once I finally got in). Biggest problem was with the lack of communication. The tent closed at 5pm apparently, which was never stated or told to ticket holders. And vendors just closed up early. Don Julio's table was the best. They paired there tequila with fruit chasers.The tacos and beer were good. The free t-shirts were sweet. I like that it was at the waterfront but the location sucked. Freshly cut dead grass and dirt being stomped on by thousands of people made for a hard time breathing.All in all I had a good time. Not because the event was amazing, but because I was with fun people. This event is not good for kids giving the amount of drunk people stumbling around.
1	I went last year and had a blast. This year, not so much. I bought general admission and tequila tent tix online for myself and an out of town friend so we could avoid lines and the hassle of buying them there. No hassle avoided. The people at the entrance were so confused that it took at least 20 minutes for us to finally enter the festival, and there was no line at the time. We had to stop at two separate tables to finally get actual entry tickets in exchange for our online tix. Even though we bought our tequila tent tix in advance, we were told that they ran out of bracelets - and the bracelets had removable tabs for tequila samples. They unapologetically provided us with makeshift entry tickets, which were not accepted without a heated discussion with the carnies manning the line outside the entry to the tequila tent. Unfortunately, no amount of tacos or tequila could compensate for the poor organization and hostile event workers.
2	If the tacos weren't so good, this event would have one star for sure. The disorganization started from the moment we walked up. A long line (understandable) led to a group of tables running parralell to the line, and nobody to direct us where to go. "Just go pick a table and get tickets" someone said. Everyone was just crowded around these tables, and no one really knew who was next. We bought tickets, and asked the girl at the counter if they would pay for the tequila samples. "um, I don't really know" she says. Okay, thanks for nothing. Especially in hindsight, I am pretty annoyed that I had to pay $10 for the privilege of walking in to a poorly run event, PLUS pay for my food. Especially when I'm sure all the vendors had to pay a pretty penny to participate.  Walking in, we get treated rudely by security AND have them questioning the authenticity of our ID's- which I mean, really? I'm almost 30. As much as I'd like to flatter myself, let's get real. I did my best to shake it off to get ready to enjoy some tasty tacos. What I ended up (not) enjoying was lines 30+ people deep, nearly every booth being out of water and no shade to stand in. I will say, the tacos that I DID get to try were very tasty, and the people running the booths were all very nice.Unfortunately, the pros didn't outweigh the cons and I don't plan on returning next year.
4	I always attend the festivals here.  They are usually put on really well.  This one was hot.  No fans or misters in any of the tents to cool us off.  However, I do know the secrets to having a great time here.  And ALWAYS have an absolute blast!  But instead of sharing them with everyone, and making this event even MORE CROWDED next year...  I'll just keep them to myself.
4	I LOVE TACOS! Safe to say i could probably have tacos just about every day and be a very happy woman! It was hot as hell for being mid October but still was able to enjoy myself. Two bucks a taco and we all had a decent amount. Good karma happened to follow us that day, a guy was leaving and handed us about 20 xtra tickets that he was not going to use. SCORE! So we were able to grub and drink even more than we intended. Overall I think that event was a success. I didn't have any trouble getting drinks as other people mentioned, maybe it was the time of day I showed up and it was less busy.
3	Lots of sunshine, tacos and tequila!!The tacos were delicious and very cheap, every taco was $2 or 1 ticket.  The only problem was the serving size was pretty small.  I really enjoyed the food demos...can you say free sample (dining on a budget j/k).  The location was awesome.  If I wanted to take a break from the heat I could go into the Scottsdale Mall and then re-enter the festival. Go early because the lines for check-in can get a little out of control. Also, dress for the warm weather.  I forgot I was in AZ for a sec and it doesn't cool down until December.A decent way to spend a Saturday afternoon.
4	Place was packed full for people watching and drinking and having adult fun, but we brought our kids since there was a kids zone.  We were a very small minority that brought kids (I am not sure if people in Scottsdale even have kids).  Anyway it was hot and the food was great (my favorite was Chi Chi's Tacos), would have had more fun if we just came with friends.  Would do it again next year in hopes that it was much cooler weather during the daytime.  Parking sucked since it was near Scottsdale mall behind the Norstrom's south parking lot.
1	If I could give them less stars, I would.  We arrived to the festival at about 5:00pm with tickets to the tequila tent.  The tent was shut down, most of the booths were sold out of tacos and we basically left after about thirty minutes.I have contacted this company three times to get a refund because I didn't get to use my tequila passes and I don't think it is right that I paid entrance for an event that was practically sold out (Hello, stop letting people in if you know that there is no food left.)  I have yet to get a response, so I am hoping this will garner some sort of reply to my request.  The level of customer service exhibited by the people that put this on is AWFUL. If this issue is not resolved, I, and my group of friends, will not be returning in the future.
3	1st time to this festival.  It was okay.  Thank goodness YELP sent information regarding 1/2 price admission tickets.  We went on a Sunday and some of the restaurants ran out of certain things on their menu.  There was even one beer booth that ran out of beer.  The world of beers for an extra 10.00 was worth it.  The servers were generous.  It would of been nice to have more shaded area...thank goodness today was only high 80's, it was still warm in the sun.  Great people watching.  We did try some fanastic tacos and can't wait to hit some new restaurants because of the great tacos.On a separate note....the whole wedding thing-I didn't get it. I thought what a weird stage event to conduct a wedding.  I'd rather hear a good band playing on the stage.
4	"WOW, GAG, Tacos, Fun, and Intern Jenny"Though I do agree with S G. that more shaded tables would have helped, it was a blessing that the weather wasn't 115 degrees for an AZ food festival.  After a $12 entrance fee (Living Social had a deal for $6),  $2 provided you a ticket.  Each ticket gave you one taco at any of the approximately 25 venues serving tacos.  There was a deal for beer too.  Granted not all venues were serving tacos, the vast majority did.  Although I wished there was a road map of where all the venues were located, none the less it wasn't too much to go around the whole park to find what you wanted.  This would have helped narrow your choices though.  There was a contest for best taco as well.  Choices varied from beef, pork, chicken, seafood, and other (Vegetarian and Duck from our experience).  There were tacos that made you go WOW to those that made you go GAG.   Overall the experience was fun, tacos were great, and even got to meet Intern Jenny for a "high-five" at the Yelp Booth too.  There were several popular jumper inflatables for the kids to enjoy. Please check if you found this useful, fun, or cool.
3	it maybe would have been worth it if there wasn't a charge to get in.the service was great though.
3	At $6 dollars a ticket (yelp discount yapplied) and kids under 12 free, you can't really help but at least try it out.  I met a couple of my friends there with my family.  Not a long line to get in, so that's always nice.  You did have to buy tickets in order to try the tacos.  I'm not a fan of having to buy tickets.   I don't want to buy too many or not buy enough to get in line again.  There were a couple of vendors that only accepted cash.  If we have to buy tickets, everyone should be required to take them.  As for the tacos...they tasted like tacos!  I can't say that I had anything too original, which was a little disappointing.   We did indulge at Salty's bar.  The margaritas weren't bad.  There was plenty of space for my family and friends to sit.  We also got to listen to some live music.All in all, a good day out with the family, but I'm still waiting to taste the best taco in AZ.
4	I had a lot of fun, I love tacos, and I love variety!I wish I would have taken pics of all the tacos I tried.My favorite taco for taste was Pork on a Fork's pulled pork taco. I am not a big fan of pork and rarely eat it, but went back for a second taco from here! I will also be frequenting them for lunch along with my bf soon.Favorite chicken taco was from Sandbar and the jalepeno mac n cheese was also a treat.Biggest bang for your tickets were Dos Gringos (2 street tacos for one ticket!) and Rubio's- a full size taco (mahi mahi habenero, yum!)The best beef taco I had was from Milagro grill. They had quite a line, but luckily, it was worth the wait and now I want to go their for dinner sometime.Friendliest booth was Macayo's, and their guacamole was muy muy delicioso!I didn't like that smoking was allowed, and to add it to it, a gal was walking around selling cigars. I came with a minor cold, and left feeling sick as a dog (not from any food, just from being really congested and exhausted from the heat!) Woke up the next day with full blown bronchitis, and this was the only place I went all weekend that I struggled to breathe at!!I also could not find Yelp, or Jenny. I asked at Information and they had no clue :( I was looking to give out a high five!I also disliked the high admission price. Thank goodness Yelp hooked it up with 50% off!Water costing $4 at an outdoor festival when you can get 2 tacos for $2 is also ridiculous. However, the same place (Dos) you could get 2 tacos for 1 ticket, you could also get a water for 1 ticket. Everyone else I saw wanted 2 tickets for a 16.9 ounce bottle of water!Some of the seating was shaded, which was fantastic, but overall, not enough seating for the amount of people. I would definitely go back next year, I thought it was a great concept, but a few things could have been executed better.One tip- if you don't like crowds, get there before 12.
3	3 stars seems about right for his event. It wasn't bad, it wasn't amazing, but it was OK.I know the point was tacos and tequila but besides that there just wasn't much to see or do. The midget wrestling was kinda fun to watch but the band they had was boring and otherwise I didn't see much to do.The tacos were good though. My favorite was the pork taco from Jobot - who knew a coffee shop could make such a good taco! Followed by Q-Up BBQ (they make some awesome tacos) and the truck from Greyhawk. I also had a navajo taco from a place I can't remember that was NOT good. But hey, one bad taco isn't going to ruin the experience.I totally get why they do tickets but I hate having to get tickets. At least the lines to get tickets were shorter than the lines for tacos.I'm glad I went, it was a nice day and the food was good but I don't know if i would make it an annual thing.
4	I can now say I've tried veal testicles. Damn you AZ Taco Festival! Overall, I dug the AZ Taco Festival now that it is in its new location by Salt River Fields. There were many taco booths, each selling street tacos for $2 (1 ticket). Some of the best were Distrito (pork), Four Seasons (pork), and Cottonwood (shrimp).There were some other food options as well for your taco hating friends who were dragged to this event. But really, as the festival's slogan goes, "who doesn't love tacos?" There were non food tents too, selling jewelry and other junk you don't need. Lots of beer tents, a wedding, wrestling, go-cart racing and a play area for kids.One tip for future Taco Fest goers: You might wanna go Saturday instead of Sunday. I noticed about a half dozen empty tents on Sunday that were apparently occupied the day before.Great moment: Noticing the drunk guy from the Sandbar tent was taking part in the taco eating contest, predicting he would puke, and then seeing him so so on stage.Boring Part of the Festival: The rest of the taco eating contest. Couldn't hear announcer and I was expecting to see these dudes going nuts eating as many tacos as they could. Instead it was something about spicy tacos I think. Contest started, they took their time eating, I was bored. Change this please. Weakest aspect of the festival: El Hefe tent filling up as many beer cup as they can, to just have them sit there getting warm and then serving them. Weak! I had no problem returning my warm beer for a fresh cold pour. It was nice meeting Yelp's new intern, Jenny R., at the Yelp booth! Special thanks to Yelp for the 50% off discount code on tickets!
3	This was my first taco festival experience and while I thoroughly enjoyed most of the tacos here, the rest of the event was ho hum. I purchased 50% off tickets via Phoenix Voice and told as many people as I could about this event. I mean, who doesn't love tacos? When we arrived, there was no real direction of where to go or where specific booths were. It would have been great to have a directory or map (as someone else stated) of where each vendor was along with some contact information or what menu items they would be serving for the day. I also don't recall seeing a schedule of events anywhere. We decided to start the day off with margaritas but were told we had to go get food and beverage tickets. No problem!  We walked out of the main drink tent and found the table where they check your I.D. It looks like the TSA is renting their goons out to local events because the guy at the table was all dressed in black, had sunglasses on and was obviously not happy to be there. When he held on to my driver's license and peered at me over his glasses, I thought I was going to get groped down. Apparently, I passed muster because he nodded to the wrist band person and I was able to move on and get my tickets. After getting our margaritas, we circled the event grounds. We had the bbq taco (ok), the carnitas taco on fry bread (delish), the much talked about carne asada taco from Milagro Grill (yawn), the chicken taco with salsa verde from Manuels (very good) and many more. For me, the best taco of the day was the carnitas taco from the Four Seasons food truck. It was a beautiful day outside and as some people mentioned, there were plenty of places to sit if you wanted to park it on the grass in the sun. It would have been nice to have a few more tables with shade. We also arrived at noon (on Sunday) and half of the vendors had not arrived yet. We watched the lucha libre Mexican wrestling and checked out some of the vendors. All in all, I would definitely recommend and I will definitely return next year. I think with a little more planning, this event will be a long time Phoenix "must go" festival.
2	The tacos were great, but there were a lot of problems with the organization. The parking attendants were good, quickly got us to a spot. There was no one to help with the entrance line, though. We bought tickets ahead of time (definitely recommended) but there was nobody and no sign to indicate the line was only to buy tickets. When we left at 3pm that line was at least a quarter mile long. The lines were brutal to buy the tokens too. There were two security guys watching one buffoon that couldn't count in the line I was in. The rest were about the same length. They should learn a lesson from the casino dealers and have stacks of tokens ready and just measure the stacks against a known count rather than hand counting them. The token booths were set up to handle four lines, but only two were staffed. As other reviewers noted, there weren't many places to sit and hardly any shade. The beer lines were very long too. They should rename this the Phoenix standing in line festival. If they correct these problems the event would be 4 or 5 stars
1	Thank goodness I had a DealChicken offer that got us in at 2-4-1.  Otherwise, I would have felt like we were seriously ripped off!  We park and get in the long line of what i thought was the line to get in.  Something told me to walk ahead towards the gate.  I told J to stay in line, just in case.  I walked ahead and finally see some signs...which were about 25 yards (100+ people) from where J was standing. Those signs stated that people that already had tickets/vouchers could go straight to the gate, so I flagged J down to come on up.  We get to the gate and get in pretty quickly. I'm glad I walked ahead, cause I know I would have been pissed to have to stand in that line for nothing. Pretty much everything from that point kinda just went downhill.  We walk over to get tokens.  A little voice in my head as we were driving there told me to stop off at the bank.  But I ignored the voice.  Maybe because part of me figured why wouldn't an event like this NOT have Square, so you'd be able to use your credit/debit card.  Should have listened to the voice.  I was informed they only took cash for tokens.  I had $10 on me (which is rare, I never carry cash), so we got 5 tokens.  We walk around for a few minutes and decide to stop at one stand due to there not being a long line.  Word to the wise, the longer the line - the better the food.  No line usually equates to..umm...slop.  See taco photo.  The vendor that we got the bad tacos from had mac and cheese that wasn't too bad though.  But we were at the TACO FESTIVAL.  Not the mac and cheese festival.  :(Literally no shade and definitely no seats to be found, unless you were purchased VIP tickets.  Sadly, this is the 3rd S.R.Fs event that we've gone to where we've been completely disappointed.  And honestly, this just seemed like an excuse for some to start drinking before noon and get piss drunk. Total Time Spent at the Taco Festival = 30 minutesTotal Spent = $16 (thank gawd we didn't have to pay for parking)Will We Attend Another Taco Festival = Nope.
3	Finally got to go this year! Did have a great time, but do have some not-so-memorable feedback to share as well.1. Organization: This can be an area of opportunity, IMO. Not great signage for parking, and some of the attendants weren't too clear on what they needed the car before me (and myself) to do. Frustrating. Also, at the ID check/token station, it was confusing as I happened to be in the wrong line (I wasn't drinking), but didn't know until I got to the person! Again, signage would be SO appreciated!2. Variety of food vendors: Great! I think they could still push for more restaurants, etc for participation though. I would love to see even more of a variety (esp the smaller places)!3. Space (including shade) to eat/drink:This also needs some work. Not a lot of shade - at all. I think a lot of ppl would agree that the event should realllyyyy invest in more canopy/tarps w stand-up tables and/or chairs. No one wants to eat spicy tacos out in almost 100 degree weather. Do they???4. Activities: I really didn't participate/watch anything but according to their promotional flyers, I think they're on-point. Disappointed as I took LOTS of photos at the free camera booth but still haven't been emailed our pics. Am gonna be pissed if they aren't emailed to me. :(5. Food Quality: LOVED Fogon tacos! The shredded beef ones were soo amazing. So moist and flavorful! Had the Pirate Taco ones (chicken) and were pretty tasteless and DRY. Served w/(canned) Mandarin oranges - cheapness! GiGi's cupcakes (had chocolate and strawberry shortcake) were out of the world!** NOTE: Very disappointing, as my BFF tried to withdraw $40.00 from those mobile ATM machines and she got a receipt but no dough. We stood for a good 30 minutes w/Security trying to summon someone to hook up a laptop and run an audit trail. Without any luck, my friend gave her name/# to Security to text or call her when this "special person" w/the laptop comes. I touched base w/her last night and guess what? No call or text. LAME!!! No bueno, soooo... yeah... probably won't be returning for 2015.
5	We all had a blast. It gets better every year. I enjoyed the VIP tent with nice shade and AC in the restrooms!! The food was good and the drinks were cold. Great event! Love going every year.
5	We recently went to this event for the 3rd straight year, and had a fun time as always. There was an excellent selection of food and drink. The VIP tent was great for shade and other perks. Looking forward to next year.
