4	It's a nice little cafe that offers a pretty good variety of food. The service is really good and so are the prices. I have only eaten there once, but the food was delicious.
3	Viva Cafe is a family owned coffee shop that is located at the food court entrance of the Meadows Mall. When I patronized the Meadows Mall this past Wednesday, I decided to support the family owned business over the newly opened Coffee Bean & Tea Leaf kiosk.  Viva Cafe is a cafe that serves all varieties of coffee-based beverages, other beverages, and lunch. The cafe itself is relatively small, It features approximately three tables. This is no problem considering that there are tables outside in the Meadow Malls hallway.  I decided to try a drip coffee with syrup. The coffee was good. However I have two  gripes that are minor. One is that they should expand the selection of coffee syrups. When you are competing with businesses such as Coffee Bean, the selection of flavored syrup could be advantageous. Two, the person that served my coffee could of been more personable.  The reality is that I could return here one day. The greater reality is that when I return to Meadows Mall I am going to try the newly opened Coffee Bean & Tea Leaf kiosk, since I am a FAN of their powdered drinks.    ~~~~~POST REVIEW COMMENT~~~~~~               The Manager Teresa sent me a nice email stating that customer service is important and that if I wanted the syrup badly enough they could order it. I appreciate when a Manager or owner cares about their customers. If I am in the Meadows Mall I will show my appreciation by returning to Viva Cafe.
5	the coffee can compete to coffeebean and starbucks! they've got amaZing tea, bellacoola is my favorite! they got delicious sandwiches, best i've tried is chicken croisant sandwich.. i love love their panini.. must try!
4	Had my first (but not my last!) espresso drink here at Viva Cafe in the Meadows Mall.  My Americano was done perfectly and expertly pulled by Sara the barrista.  The place is in the mall but set back and very quiet, considering.  Sara tells me the workers come there for coffee, to get away from the noise.  They have loads of different teas, though I didn't try any.  Cushy chairs.  I'm trying desperately to escape KorporateKoffee and am glad to find this family business near my house.  I would frankly drive 2x the distance to avoid St**bucks.
5	Secret spot in meadows mall. I love everything in this little coffee shop. Their sandwiches are so yummy and taste so FRESH. The teas and coffee are great! There has not been anything that I haven't liked. Try their wellness breakfast sandwich, carne asada panini, egg salad sandwich, you won't be disappointed! I love the white chocolate mocha. Regular coffee is great too. Recently tried their squash mango smoothie and it was awesome!
5	Sadly, this place is out of business, gobbled-up by the 1/2 dozen starbucks stores within a mile of the place.  Seek!  Find! Report!  Boycott corporate coffee!
