5	This is a very well curated small shop. You can spend 15 minutes here and find 3-4 records that you've always wanted but could never find or spend hours getting turned onto new stuff you didn't even know existed. They have a listening station, so if you want to check out that album with the crazy cover on that new reissue label you've been digging, you can do it.I looked through records for about an hour the other day before finally going up to the counter to make my purchase. The owner was super knowledgeable on the genres of the records I was buying and we got to talking at which point I asked him for some more suggestions. He not only made suggestions of artists but went out, filed through a few bins and picked out three records for me to listen to. I couldn't afford to buy all of them but listened and finally decided on one that actually proved to be my best find of the whole trip. This guy knows records and has a really good sense for what people are into across genres. I'll definitely be back next time I'm in Pittsburgh.
4	A very nice small shop with a good collection of new and used records. The prices were good for the quality of albums you will find. Expect to spend between $8 and $20 per album.
5	I'm an expeditious shopper, so I especially appreciate the manageable size, apposite categorization and choice selections of Mind Cure; the prices are the only average characteristic of this store.
5	Well-organized, good selection of records.  The owner was very friendly and helpful.  The space was perfectly set up.  I will be there everytime I have an extra $20 for music.  Pricing was reasonable.  I love the 7 inch single of the month featuring a local band.
5	Great selection of punk, hardcore, metal, hardcore punk metal, classic rock, rock n roll, classic rock n roll, and new releases.
5	Hands down my favorite record store I've ever been to. The owner Mikey is very knowledgable and helpful. The store has a great selection of records and is really well organized. Prices are very fair and I always find something I want quickly. Definitely be coming back.
4	Right about a cute little coffee shop, Lili's in polish hill. It's really chill and seems to cater towards a certain demographic. It's mostly full of funk, soul, and punk? Weird selection, but definitely worth perusing.  I was able to buy a five dollar Gary Numan record for a friend and was pretty happy about the deal! It's great because they aren't cash only, and the service was pretty welcoming as well.
