5	good place to go, they only sell verizon service, im a long time verizon customer, their company is a verizon dealer, not an actualy verizon store, however i found out they have the same deals, and since they are not a corporate company they can give more discounts on phone and accessories. During my purchase for my new upgrade i they give a me a bunch of discounts for working with them. My S3 i purchased for 199$ which is the same prices as the verizon store however i got discounts on all my accessories. The customer service was pretty good, they all seemed to know what they were talking about. The gentlemen who helped me out was Brandon, i believe he was the manager, he got me into buying the diamond wireless insurance, well... there was a customer who was replaceing her phone in the store because she cracked her screen. it took her about an hour, which i thought was great, that was the reason why i bought their insurance instead of getting verizon's standard insurance. Overall my experience was really good, i also really like that the sales people weren't pushy about what phone to buy. I definitely recommend this location to buy a verizon phone.
4	A Verizon reseller.  The guys here are very helpful and try to do the very best for you.  Depending on the phone you get, maybe not so much.  I would've given this business a lower rating because of my last experience, but the guys did everything they could to help.
1	Went in for my upgrade and was seriously overcharged. Their 14-day "trial" comes with a $35 restocking fee, which is never disclosed.  I have been on the phone for over two hours between Verizon and Diamond Wireless, and the whole thing is a joke.  I was "upsold" a jet pack in order to "help" me on my bill, which I didn't even want, and  I was literally hassled by the sales guy when I returned it.  After receiving my bill with Verizon, I found out they never even cancelled the service--even though they are in possession of the jet pack.  To top it off, Verizon has no specifics on how they sell the service--just a total bill.  I disagree with previous posters that the sales guys there do not lie--that's all they did from the time I walked up to the kiosk.  I now have an almost $500 bill from their ridiculousness, and the call center was nothing but combative and rude when trying to handle the issue.
