5	I have hated going to the dentist my entire life.I recently had a toothache and I HAD to go. It hurt so bad I was almost in tears.  So I rang up chestnut hill where my wife goes and I was lucky to have Dr. Brian Bonsteel and his staff work on my root canal.  They are professional and friendly.  Just the nicest people I've ever dealt with for any medical procedure.  The also have a nice view out of their exam rooms.  He even told me it was okay listen to my ipod during the procedures without me having to ask.He takes time to explain what he is going to do and listened when I talked.I've had to go back 4 times for my dental work in the last two weeks and they have been ON TIME every time.  I can't say enough good things about Dr. Bonsteel and the experience I have had.
5	Dr. Bonsteel is fantastic!  My husband, who hates the dentist, had to get extensive work done to fix what the military did to his teeth. Dr. Bonsteel made all of it happen with minimal agony for my husband and our pocketbook.  They're conveniently located on Forbes and Shady, above the Dunkin' Donuts, and they take UPMC dental insurance.
5	Everyone who works here is extremely friendly and helpful. For some unknown reason I have panic attacks every time I visit the dentist so I never went as often as I should have until coming here. They do a great job working things out with my insurance so my out of pocket expense is as low as it can be. I was referred here by a friend and I would also recommend this place to anyone.
1	I just called over to this practice to try to get a new patient appointment.  Be warned that if you are looking for an appointment that is working-person friendly (saturdays, first thing in the morning or in the late afternoons) you are looking at a long wait.  I was willing to wait 4-6 weeks to get this type of appointment, but they did not have anything that worked with a working person's schedule for seemingly the rest of the year.  The receptionist sounded relieved when I said I was going to call around to other practices to try to get something for this year.  I would have appreciated a little more flexibility and ended up calling another dentist in Squirrel Hill who was able to get me into a working friendly appointment for this month.
5	Dr.Eglash & Assistant are F A B U L O U S!! Exceptionally nice and the quality of work I have had on my teeth has been incredible! I have had my share of dentists in the past, and I can tell you that my quest for looking to go to another dentist is/has been over for the past 3 years :0)Thank you Guys, keep up the "Awesome" job!!
5	My major problem with the dentist is not the poking and prodding, but the fact that they don't ever bother to tell you what they are doing and why. That said, my first visit to Chestnut Hills was a breath of fresh air. Dr. Eglash, in particular, was terrific. She explained every part of my initial exam. No inscrutable "hmms" or secretive scribbling in a chart. Just friendly, open discussion. The cons? Getting a Saturday appointment requires scheduling pretty far in advance and the music (which was some kind of yacht rock station) is pretty bad. Certainly not enough to keep me from going back!
5	NEVER been a fan of going to the dentist.  Did have a relatively good experience with another dentist in town until he and his staff started treating patients like nuisances.  I bounced around a couple of other dentists.  My wife had gone to Dr. Bonsteel and suggested I give CHD a try.I love these folks.  Not only is the place run in a first-rate manner, but the staff all seem to care and be interested in my dental needs/situations.  What I appreciate is the sense that the care of my teeth is first and foremost in CHD's collective mind.  Other dentists I've visited seem to be in "what can I up-sell?" mode.  That's not to say that Dr. Bonsteel and his staff haven't suggested procedures to me, but I never feel as though it's about profit but about my dental health.  The atmosphere is professional but relaxed.   Communication, as others have pointed out, is constant.  You always know what they are doing and why.  And the physical office seems to be expanding, which tells me that they are getting more and more business.  Can't be a BAD sign, eh?    I've never taken better care of my teeth and I've never had better care from a dentist.  I wish I had found these folks years ago!
1	I recently moved to Pittsburgh and am looking for a dentist.  This clinic was on my PPO and had excellent reviews here, so of course I called - only to find out that when you visit for the first time, you get "an exam with the dentist," but no cleaning.  I tried to insist on a cleaning because I work over 80 hours a week and if I don't get one the single day I have now to see the dentist, I won't get one for another year.  The receptionist simply said, "I'm sorry, that's company policy." Something tells me they either aren't really looking for new clients or that they are willing to inconvenience their clients to make extra money.
5	I found this practice through yelp.com. The reviews were so positive that I figured I would give a shot and make an appointment with Dr. Brian Bonsteel. I was very glad that I did. He was immediately engaging as a dentist and made me feel at ease by getting to know me sincerely as a patient. He's got a great disposition and most of all he's not a salesman. My previous dentist was always trying to suggest invasive gum cleanings and whitening treatments that were unnecessary for someone like me who has naturally white teeth and healthy gums. His hygentists were also very  gentle and thorough and didn't mind answering any questions I had. I liked him so much that I recommended him to my boyfriend, my best friend, and her boyfriend. Later I discovered that he's been the family dentist for a married couple I know for years. I highly recommend him. I was also very pleased with the front desk staff. They were professional, kind, and patient.
4	Pros: Friendly, professional staff who are experts in their field and very helpful. Everyone that I interacted with from check-in to the dentist made me feel less anxious about the visit. It's a relief to know that my search for a dentist in the area is finally over: I trust them. Cons: Only one that I can think of is that scheduling is a bit complicated (cleanings are separate from exams and the cleanings are scheduled further out).
