4	4 stars means I'm a fan, and yes Id agree with that. However what is putting them from a solid 3 to a 4 is the value and service. Seriously, a chopped or caesar salad for 3.95? 5-7pm Happy Hour that includes half off starters, pizzas, and glasses of wine, wow, for real! So with that being said we had a great time at Marcella's, yes folks a chain, but a decent chain with only a few locations in Ohio. The straight forward menu makes for easy navigation and the helpful suggestive service was more than enough to make decisions easy. Okay, we kinda freaked out when  we heard the half off starts and pizzas.. we ordered way to much but was so worth it. Started with the meaty Sicilian pizza, topped with Capacola, Salami, Meatballs, Asiago Cheese, Red Onion, which was probably my favorite. The crust was thin and crunchy and all of the flavors of the meats and cheese really were balanced so I could taste each with one bite after the next.Beef Carpaccio was a close runner up with its thinly shaved rare beef, toasted capers and wild arugula. The flavors were bright thanks in part to the lemon aioli.The Braised Veal Meatball was so light and tender I wanted to order another as my entree rather than the Gnocchi con Bolognese . The problem with the gnocchi was the gnocchi themselves. Kind of like eating raw biscuit dough, but the lamb bolognese was simple and delicious. The Chicken Parmesan was served how I like to eat with both alfredo & tomato sauce. My only wish is that it had just a bit more sauce so I could use the house ciabatta to sop up the extra. Desserts are kept simple like the rest of the menu so we shared with Cherry Crustada. The crust was light and flaky, the cherries filling slightly tart and the ice cream rich and creamy, *pant pant* yum!This was certainly a pleasant experience with a welcoming laid back feel, generous portions and affordable pricing. Oh yes, they also use Opentable.com for free online reservations, so yes, I'm definitely a fan!!!
5	Enjoyed drinks and appetizers with coworkers and friends the other evening and all I can say is my goal is to eat my way through the entire menu! The Happy Hour menu was fantastic, offering a great selection of appetizers and drinks at a great price and great portions. The bar setting, atmosphere and service were so wonderful that it might be hard for me to get past the bar and into the dining room on a regular basis. Our server Laura was extremely pleasant and attentive and her menu suggestions were helpful. Before I get into the food, let me first describe the vibe of this place.....warm, friendly, fantastic service, all sorts of managers stopping by the table often to check on the patrons...I'm not sure what it means to be in an Italian family, but if it's anything like the food and treatment I received at Marcella's then please somebody adopt me now! Okay, enough gushing - onto the food. Our table enjoyed everything which included the Sicilian pizza (best pizza crust I've ever had) and the braised veal meatball (next time I'm not sharing this with anyone). The meatball was light and tender and cradled in just the right amount of delicious sauce. The Prosciutto & Melon was fresh and clean tasting. The Stuffed Mushrooms were another table favorite as was the Calamari. But just when I thought it couldn't get any better I tasted the Zucchini! Don't let this one fool you....I think it's listed on the menu simply as zucchini but it's fantastic! Lightly seasoned and prepared in such a way that even die-hard zucchini haters would become fans. My table-mates and I enjoyed various drinks, but I found a new favorite with Marcella's white Sangria. Don't get me wrong, the red is good too, but the white was wonderful! I like crisp refreshing drinks and that's what I found with the white Sangria. Yum! I'm not a huge dessert fan and I'm even less of a fan of anything containing cherries, but our table decided to share a Cherry Crustada and I'm glad they made that decision. The crust was flaky, the cherries were just sweet/tart enough and the ice-cream was creamy and delicious. A wonderful dining experience in a warm, friendly setting with good food and good friends. Life doesn't get much better than this:)
5	Delish!!! Enough said. Marcella's has made me fall in love with Italian food all over again. Great prices and amazing food. We ordered 15 dishes for our office and I can't complain about one. From the Chicken Parmesean to the Layered Lasagna, down to the garlic cheese bread and apple salads, I was impressed with the flavor and presentation of it all.  The restaurant is great for small and large parties or even a pickup order. The staff is extremely helpful and friendly and very knowledge in their menu. For those who are watching the carbs and a lil bit of a health nut they do have alternatives (gluten free pasta, etc). As for their happy hour its great! Half off their wine, sangria (red & white) and their house pizzas, which I might add are large and tasty. Take boys, if you're looking for a great locale for a date this is the spot, the decor and ambiance is great!
1	I had high expectations of this restaurant and was very disappointed. The food was mediocre (eggplant parmesan), does not come with pasta, service slim and salad is very poorly chosen greens. The tiramusu was good. I would not return to this restaurant or recommend it.
2	We live very close to this restaurant and decided to give it a try.  Granted it was the first week....but the service was terrible. The waitress seemed flustered and had too many tables.  In addition, my wife ordered a chopped salad and I swear it was the same salad you can buy in a bag at the supermarket.  My gnocchi was good..but not enough to save this place or review
4	Had another excellent meal here and was able to try many different item. The Melted Pecorino Cheese ($9.50) was wonderful. Melty cheese, fresh sliced granny smith apples, crostini and honey made for many different tastes and contrasts with each bite. For my entree I tried the Fettuccine & Meatball ($13.95) which was a different take on the classic. Their alfredo sauce tasted fresh and bold, plus the fist sized meatball was so tender it barely held its shape. Fantastically delicious!They also get their house bread from Arizona Bread Company, which was light, soft and had just the right amount of chewy crustiness. I dig this place, haven't had a bad time yet! Though the service was a bit off this last time. We seemed to be blown off once another table was sat next to us, we still had a great time.BTW.. if you're having trouble finding parking, there is a garage just west of the restaurant to an underground parking facility.
5	OK, this review is for happy hour only. I plan on trying Marcella's for lunch and/or dinner in the near future, so I'll update once I do.When I heard Marcella's was opening at Fashion Square, I was so excited. Marcella's originated in Columbus, Ohio, and there are two locations there. My Ohio friends rave all the time about Marcella's -now that it is here in Scottsdale, I finally could find out what all the buzz was about.Marcella's is located next to Modern Steak and is in the new Barney's wing. Parking is available in the lot across from Grand Lux, and if there are no open spots, in the evening you can park in the underground garage. I met a friend who moved here from Columbus for happy hour last Wednesday night. I arrived first and secured us two spots at the outside bar. Our bartender, Josh (I am pretty sure that was his name), was a sweetheart and chatted with us quite a bit and provided excellent service.My friend had the red sangria which she really enjoyed while I stuck with Stella Artois. As a note, the beers on draft are Peroni or Stella. No cheapo American beers here on draft thankfully. For food, we had the zucchini, garlic cheese bread, and the pesto shrimp pizza. All the food was really good, especially the pizza. The food was great, but what is even better are the happy hour prices! The appetizers range from $2.25 to $4.95, while the pizzas will run you from $4.95 to $6.50. Beer and sangria are $3, wine by the glass is half off, and martinis and specialty cocktails are $5. Plus happy hour runs from 3-7 pm, so working people can actually make it and enjoy a few drinks. Marcella's definitely has the best happy hour deal in town now that it is open!I can't wait to go back to try more of the appetizers and to have a full meal. Thank you Cameron Mitchell for expanding Marcella's from Columbus to Scottsdale. You have made this Ohio transplant very happy!
4	I'm reminiscing about being in Italy at this time last year so just enjoyed lunch with my team at Marcella's Italian Kitchen. We sat outside on the patio enjoying today's perfect weather. We started with the melted pecorino with apples and honey. Amazing! However, it's pretty tiny so best shared among 2-3 people max. Our group all enjoyed the pasta/salad or pizza/salad lunch combos which are the perfect size and price - around $9. The chopped salad was nothing special and had way too much dressing. However, Marcella's made up for it with the pizzas and pastas. The ravioli was great and so was the chicken pizza with apricots. Surprisingly, we decided to go elsewhere for dessert but they do have a nice list so I'll have to go back to try those. Would definitely recommend, especially if you're at SFS and looking for an inexpensive, but great lunch option.
4	Time for an update - my husband and I went to Marcella's Saturday night for dinner. Wow, what a bummer because we were hoping for so much better.We started with the calamari...agghhhh, it was so salty. Salty to the point of almost being inedible. However, we ate it because once dipped in the aioli sauce, some of the saltiness was tempered. Barely. I had the caesar salad (quite a steal at $3.95) which was fresh and probably the best part about the meal. My husband had the chicken parm - to sum up his feelings, "I have had better chicken parm at Olive Garden." YIKES!! I stuck with a basic pasta with alfredo sauce...nothing special but not bad. The one good thing about that dish is that they don't try to drown you in pasta - it was quite a reasonable and manageable size dish to eat. For our two drinks, appetizer, salad, and two entrees, our bill came to $64 after tip. Definitely not bad for dinner, but we still left feeling underwhelmed.I think Marcella's is a good happy hour spot, but not a place I would have another full dinner meal at. Five stars for happy hour, 2.75-3 stars for dinner, hence my ultimate rating of four stars.
3	Not impressed. My complaints revolve primarily around the food. Service was fine; granted, the wine list was a bit shoddy considering it's an Italian restaurant, but...yeah, generally it was the food. I ordered the Chicken Giardiniera, which was pan fried chicken topped with garden vegetables & fresh herbs. Sounds kinda fresh, right? No. What they don't mention is that it's also drenched in some buttery sauce, and the garden veggies were WEAK. So weak. And the fresh herbs? What fresh herbs?!? I'm willing to admit that I *may* not have ordered the greatest dish, but...it just wasn't good enough for me to get again. I would go back, but would get pasta I think. And not wine. Which is tragic.
3	12/11/09First visit was with fellow Yelper Violeta H.  I arrived earlier, so I waited for her at one of the tables out at the heated patio.  Nice space, though I didn't like the fact that my view of the cozy bar area was blocked from the table that I was first taken to, so I requested to be moved closer.  No problem.  I also found that some areas in the patio can be private (as in you're hidden from street view), so if that's what's important to you, be sure to canvas the area so that you may request your spot!As V. already pointed out, we did have a problem w/ the dirty appetizer plate.  I had to use the women's restroom while we waited for the food to arrive, and when I came back, Violeta was already snacking on complimentary bread and butter on a very attractive blue and yellow print saucer plate.  There were many varied styles stacked beneath a pizza stand, so I rifled through a few before finding one that matched hers.  Wouldn't you know it that the one I chose was one of two that had grime on?  V's plate seemed clean enough, but the third from the top, as well as mine (which was second from the bottom of about 7 or 8 stacked) had oily smudges on them- mine looked like a schmear of butter.  :(  Needless to say, I didn't even try the bread, and Violeta dropped her piece when I showed her my plate...And yes, the wine was served in a whiskey glass (looking at whiskey glass varieties on nextag.com for comparison as I'm typing this).  Call me old-fashioned, but I like my Cab served in a Cab wine glass!Now let's get to the pizza!  The happy hour menu features a few wines by the glass at discounted prices, most of the pizzas half-off, as well as some of the appetizers at lower prices.  Today, she ordered the roasted chicken (HH $6.25) and I the four cheese (HH $4.95).  Both pizzas were very good!  So good, that despite the dirty plates' incident, I came back the ff. Tuesday for another HH jaunt- stay tuned for an update soon!  (The roasted chicken pizza came w/ parmesan onions, gorgonzola, and apricots, while the four cheese came w/ mozz, asiago, gorgonzola, and provolone.)   Before I forget, V and I ended our meal w/ a Cherry Crostada (w/ almond crumble and Ciao Bella honey-vanilla gelato.  We thought it charming that our server split our dessert into two plates!!  BTW, as it was the Christmas season, Marcella's was selling gift cards that came w/ bonus gift cards.  $100' worth or more netted you an extra $25.  The original gift card could be used any time and for any food and alcohol purchase, while the $25 bonus had to be used at a later date and could not be used for the purchase of alcoholic beverages. Women's restroom was spacious!  There's a table w/ hairspray, a couple of lotions, and maybe even some mouthwash to help yourself to.  The dispenser held powdered soap, which I happily perceived as something akin to a sugar scrub (it was dark in there, and my hands were already wet before the soap landed on them, so I just felt the "beads"), but another customer said, in what sounded like a disapproving voice, that it was powdered soap, "just like what I used to use back in grade school."  Just goes to show you that "one man's treasure is another's man's trash..."
3	12/15/09Came back for more happy hour research!  This time, I procured an indoor bar two-top that was close to an electric outlet (so that I can surf the internet!).  I don't recall being able to access any wi-fi, so for now, I'm going to say that's a negative on wi-fi capabilities.  I started out w/ a glass of red, of course, and two apps plus two pizzas: the braised veal meatball, the melted pecorino cheese, a roasted chicken pizza, and the pepperoni and sausage.  Pizzas were good, but I wouldn't order any of them again- I found the roasted chicken too sweet this time, w/ the apricots and caramelized onions; the pepperoni and sausage is one of those "take it or leave it" deals for me...The braised veal meatball was a BIG disappointment- this arrived in its own personal caulderon, complete w/ a lid, and when I opened the package, the scent that emanated from its depths instantly turned me off :(  I can only describe it as something you'd come across in a dank, smelly locker room.  Wet, stinky socks.  I'm shuddering as I think about the aroma.  And the taste?  Well, it tasted what rank gym socks might taste like if one were so inclined to take a bite.  Correction: what rank gym socks that needed a little more parmesan cheese sprinkled on top might taste like.  Ugh!  When the server came back for a check-up, I mentioned not enjoying the meatball, and he promptly asked if I wanted to order something else, so I went w/ the sweet Italian sausage.  All was not lost, however, after the disappointments that the meatball and pizzas imposed on me; While the sausage was being prepared, I did enjoy the melted pecorino cheese!  Gooey sheep's milk cheese accented w/ thinly-sliced Granny Smith apples you layer on toast pieces and drizzle w/ spicy truffle honey!  I could order just this and be happy w/ the time spent at Marcella's!The sweet Italian sausage was very good!  Nicely-seasoned and slightly spicy, it came w/ some sauteed vegetables and a lot of au jus.  I'd order it again :)  At some point of the evening, the manager did come to speak w/ me and apologized for the meatball fiasco, and offered a complimentary plate of parma prosciutto bruschetta- a lovely dish I readily recommend if you like prosciutto and tomatoes.  I especially liked the ricotta base upon which the tomatoes, prosciutto d'Parma, and basil sat.  The bread was cut a bit too thick for my taste, but I'm sure that's just me.For dessert, I tried the profiteroles- three profiteroles filled w/ pistachio, chocolate, and honey vanilla Ciao Bella gelato and covered w/ a warm chocolate ganache.  They were amazing!!  Loved the crunchiness of the pastry, and gelato w/ chocolate ganache (so silky and rich... just the way I like my ganaches) win me over everytime :)  I'd go through the parking nightmare that is a fact of life outside Marcella's anytime just to order this again!!
2	Bleh, not much good to say. I went here with a friend who had a coupon and likely won't return.We started with a caprese salad. The tomatoes were good, there was very little mozzerella cheese and the cheapish balsamic vinegar was heavy-handed. The bread they served with it was average, not great but not horrible. I had eggplant parmesan for my entree and it was bland. The eggplant still had the peel and it was very tough to cut. Apparently, it didn't come with any pasta...which seemed odd to me. Most places serve it with pasta. My friend had the Shellfish Risotto. It tasted pretty good but the rice lacked that creaminess that is associated with risotto. Our waitress was friendly but seemed out of place at this restaurant. She forgot my friend's to go bag until asked to get it back.
3	What's Italian for average?  Ah...passabile.  Not only that but I think the place might have a sort of identity crisis.  The place is decorated to be a traditional, upscale spot.  But then they play the loud music and hire the cast of Jersey shore, complete with the Oreganos style t-shirts, to serve.  We've tried several pasta dishes and they were lacking originality and flavor. One bright spot is the olive oil they use.  It is very fruity and light.  The chicken was decent but, once again, flavor deficient.In a town full of flavor and variety I would be hard pressed to come up with a reason to visit again.
2	Believe it or not, I am ONLY giving this place two stars for the fabulous company I was with and the decent food however the service left alot to be desired. Otherwise it gets a ZERO! So after arriving (albeit I was a little late by like 10 mins) my party had already been seated and we had been chatting for about 13 mins before anyone had acknowledged us since everyone had sat down. Why do I know it was 13 mins? Because one of the ladies in my party happened to notice the time and made a comment about it. We were finally able to flag down a waitress, who in turned flagged down another waitress, who in turned flagged down yet another waitress to take care of us. Geez?! Finally one waitress seem to take pity on us and we were able to order our food just 10 mins shy of happy hour which ends at 7pm. What happened to the initial waitress that got water for us before I arrived and gave us bread, we will never know as she was never seen again. ( and no she was not the busgirl) Now we each ordered appetizers and pizza. Nothing too complicated right? Que 25 mins later, (now I was timing it) and only one person had received their appetizer. I finally flagged down the manager and asked him if it was normal practice to take 25 mins to wait to have appetizers served and even longer for our pizzas to be served? We didn't want them to come out at the same time as that defeats the point of an appetizer right? He was friendly enough and apologized profusely and then proceed to the kitchen where ta-da our appetizers were just finishing up and double ta-da, our pizzas showed up about 10 mins later. (SMH = Shaking my head) The calamari was ok but there wasn't enough of it. It had more fried zucchini than calamari which was funny as I ordered a calamari appetizer. The roasted chicken pizza which has gorgonzola, onions and apricots I believe was really good, but I only at one piece as I had eaten most of the calamari/zucchini appetizer and frankly after waiting so long, I had lost my appetite some. Will I go back? Probably not. The funny thing about this entire situation is that everyone was really looking forward to eating here and it wasn't even busy!! You would swear it was a Friday night with the service we had. Oh well, everyone can have an off night and apparently tonight was theirs.
4	I have had two exceptionally good experiences with Marcella's Italian Kitchen.  The first was a 30 person birthday party in one of their private dining rooms.  From the moment the reservation was made, the staff were courteous, friendly, and helpful.  They offered our choice of a full or limited menu (we opted for the full menu), and even offered the choice of allowing us to split checks at the end of the meal (which at 30+ guests was unheard of, but soooo appreciated).  Our service was prompt and our waitstaff managed to keep the bread and wine coming all night long while we waited patiently for our entrees.  The only reason I give them 4 stars out of 5 are due to one or two dishes that were good, but rather bland (these being the Fettucine Alfredo and their dumpling dish).  I did however sample thier shrimp and goat cheese pizza and the pasta with lamb ragu, and both were superb.  Even when we had an additional 15+ guests arrive halfway through dinner, the staff graciously pulled up more tables to accomodate the unexpected turnout.  Overall, an excellent experience.My second visit was for happy hour, and this definitely blew my expectations out of the water.  The prices are phenomenal (half of all wine and cocktails, and $5 pizzas, just to name a few), and our bartender was more of an artist than beverage pourer.  His attention to detail on each martini ordered (try the grapefruit basil one!) not only garnered excellent results, but it was entertaining to watch!  I will definitely be marking Marcella's as one of my new favorite happy hour hotspots!
4	I wasn't very excited to try Marcella's Italian Kitchen... I pictured it being a kitschy chain with sub-par food. My mom and sister were in the mood for Italian after shopping one evening and didn't want to drive anywhere, so I found myself at Marcella's. Kitschy... yes. But that can be kind of fun sometimes and the food definitely exceded my expectations. Our waiter was really nice and gave us great service. We shared a bottle of wine and each ordered a pasta dish. My order: Spaghetti and Meatballs. YUM! The sauce was good and the meatballs were massive. I was able to stretch out the dish into 2 meals... the leftovers still tasted great. My sister's order: Penne Alla Arrabiata. My sister is the biggest foodie I know who has lived in foodie havens like San Francisco and Boston. She really enjoyed her dish (and told us so several times throughout dinner) and loved the spice in the sauce. My mom's order: Spaghetti Alla Carbonara. My mom didn't say much about her food, but she's not nearly as effusive as my sister and I when it comes to food. Maybe she was too busy eating to say much. She did completely clean her plate and said she liked it - not bad coming from my mom. Marcella's was definitely a pleasant surprise. Is it the best, most authentic Italian food in the world? No, but I know I'll get a good dish there.
4	This is for Marcella's Happy Hour! I adore this super affordable and yummy Happy Hour! After breaking the bank with a day of shopping at Scottsdale Fashion Square, I highly suggest you hit Happy Hour at Marcella's to feed your tummy and have a few drinks to soothe your buyer's remorse! The first time I visited Marcella's was with Mr. Foodie Bear. We ordered a lot of different apps and I drank glasses of bubbly which were 2 dollars off. We ordered the melted Pecorino, the meatball, the calamari, and a pizza to share. The bill was less than 40 dollars with everything we devoured! My favorite app was the meatball. It was served in a small pot with a giant meatball that was soft but not mushy and VERY well seasoned. The second time I attended Happy Hour, I brought my little sis and her bff along. Once again we were wowed by the drinks and the very tasty food. I tried the carpaccio this time around and it was once again good. We ordered another meatball because for some reason, the first one evaporated into thin air *ahem*. Ok it was inhaled by us! I have yet to visit Marcella's for a full on dinner, but with such a nice and affordable Happy Hour, I haven't really needed to!
3	I lik Marcella's, I really do.  Marcella's reminds me of my shameful visits to Starbucks.  I'm not opposed to either, don't get me wrong, but chains that get it right are a very scary thing to me.  It's easy to hate a chain when their food sucks and their prices aren't that great, but that is not the case with Marcella's.  From their bruscetta, pizza, cheese plate to their reasonable drink prices, Marcellas is getting it right.  Although the cheese plate didn't come with a knife.  I had to "cut the cheese" with a butter knife.  After asking for a sharper tool, I was given a serrated steak knife...  Lame.One thing that must be experienced is their bathroom soap, it may be the best soap in the world.  Reminds me of the pumice soap at my buddies Dad's auto-shop as a kid.  Uberclean!
1	I have only been here twice, but both times were not so fun.  The first time was for a birthday party that included 45 guests.  Now, I'm not accustomed to great or even good service when there are that many people to take care of.  Having worked in the restaurant industry myself, I can understand the trials and tribulations that come from 45 drunken 20 somethings.....However, I do take note when 4/5 of the bills are taken care of 1 hour before the other 1/5 such that the majority of the party can move on to the next location long before the bills are received by the rest of the party.  Not to mention the fact that the server was not able to then clarify the bills such that it took them FOUR attempts to get the last few bills correct attitude included.  Again, I thought nothing of this at first.  So, I went back with just the bf.  The second time I went to Marcella's, the server forgot to offer bread, asked what we wanted to drink and never brought them and even took 30 minutes to ask us what we wanted to eat when the place was not even remotely full.  Needless to say I had to fill out a comment card.   I understand this is a newer restaurant in the newer area of fashion square, but I'd like to think that service would be a company's first priority when opening a new restaurant.  At least for me personally, if the service is great, I'm more likely to attribute poor food to the specific meal I picked rather than the restaurant as a whole.  To end on a positive note, I've heard great things about their prices for happy hour!
4	marcella's happy hour is bombdotcom! the prices are unbeatable, and the food is delicious. one review mentions the patio in the mall, which is definitely nice for people watching and hot days; however, there is also a gorgeous outdoor patio with a full bar. it's shocking to me that more people aren't taking advantage of the happy hour food, prices and ambiance.another reviewer describes marcella's as a chain restaurant, but just fyi there are only 3 locations. marcella's is not an olive garden or carabbas. this place is far superior to any italian chain restaurant i've ever been to. there's no comparison.some of my favorite items:melted pecorino cheese braised veal meatballtuscan cheese boardand the delicious white sangriathey have happy hour EVERY day from 3 to 7 as well as reverse happy hour starting at 9 on fridays and saturdays. yummmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
4	Roasted chicken salad with gorgonzola, grapes, candied walnuts, and celery served over mixed greens and drizzled with a lovely balsamic vinaigrette.    I ate it all, along with a healthy serving of bread and warm olives.  And by the way, those warm olives are not a serving of just a few.  It's a pot of them bathed in olive oil.  Probably the best deal on the menu at a mere 450 pennies, if you like olives.Yes, I'm a fan of Marcella's and hope to make it back to her kitchen soon.
5	Was not expecting such a wonderful meal in a shopping center! After some shopping my husband and I were starving.....this was the first place we stumbled upon that was still serving their lunch menu at 3:30pm. For starters we tried the calamari....delicious....lovely deep fried lemon and zucchini pieces amongst the calamari pieces.For mains we both tried the tomato and basil soup....very tasty. The veal meatball that my husband had and that I had to sample was also very good....smothered in a nice tangy, rich sauce. My vegetarian pizza was the best one I have had in years....super fresh ingredients on a very tasty base.For dessert the gelato profiteroles smothered in chocolate sauce were simply devine!Needless to say we loved this place not just due to the amazing food but also the atmosphere (may be in a shopping area but still nice and cozy) and the great staff who were very friendly.Will probably dine here every shopping trip : )
3	04/15/103.5 stars.Weather was beautiful, so we asked for patio seating.  Took advantage of the happy hour menu to try Mom's all-time favorite appetizer, calamari (!), which we haven't tried here, yet.  We also ordered an apple salad.  Service was quick and friendly.The apple salad was fantastic!  Chockful of mixed greens, crunchy Granny Smith apple slices, and candied walnuts and topped w/ gorgonzola and sherry vinaigrette, it was large enough for two!  We were almost too full to try the calamari.  One look at the app, and we knew it would be a winner.  The calamari was very good-- lightly battered and nicely crisped.  Not too greasy.  We also enjoyed the fried zucchini and LEMON slices that came w/ the calamari!Four stars for the entire experience had the calamari been a little less salty.
2	Went to Marcella's  for the second time.  I ordered a Margherita pizza.  This pizza is always made with fresh tomatoes.  Marcella's version tastes like canned tomoatoes on the pizza.  There were four of us in the group and no one was impressed with their food or the service (very slow).
2	We decided to check out Marcella's for their supposedly great happy hour, but obviously the Republic critics had a far different experience than we did. Service was hit or miss, literally...our first server went MIA, and 15 minutes later we finally had another server come help us. The manager later came to see how things were going, which was nice, but didn't offer to do anything to make up for the poor service (not that I ever expect it, but as a marketer, I know the immense power of small gestures to turn a negative experience into a more positive one). The bigger issue is that the food here is just mediocre bordering on bad. You'll be hard pressed to find too many big rings of calamari in the calamari appetizer - more like little balls of mostly breading - and the fried zucchini slices that come with are so thin that they crumble when you try to get them on your fork. Not only that, but I wasn't sure which of the two dipping sauces I disliked the least - the runny, bland aioli or the tastes-like-canned marinara. The veal meatball was just totally mushy and came with the same awful marinara. The apple salad was the only item that showed some promise, if it hadn't been terribly over-dressed, and at $7, it's certainly a great value. Even the decor here is bad - tacky, tacky Italian...like something you'd find at Epcot. I can't really see anything good this place has going for it. If you're in Fashion Square, your better happy hour options are Z'Tejas and Kona Grill, or even Yard House.
3	I had been eyeing this place ever since it opened, thinking that when i finally do go I'd be blown away.  Boy was I wrong. The food was great, but the mood was...leaving something to be desired. In fact, I had more fun in the women's bathroom (which provided orange listerine, powder soap, lotions, and body mist.). If I can give one tip it would be to after 3 ish, they dim the lights and you can actually escape the brightness and rush of the mall.  and try the meatballs!
4	Stop in for lunch & grab a spot at the bar...order the lasagna with a glass of Kendall Jackson Chardonnay ...PERFECT !
1	Just got back from lunch with a friend.  I ordered the half portion of the ravioli and salad and she had whole wheat pasta spaghetti.  My ravioli was "hard"--neither of us finished our main course and we did not ask to take it home.  We both said almost together, we drove all the way here (from north scottsdale) to eat this??!!  Found the servers not very friendly.  Maggianos is much better and much closer.  Will not be going back to Marcella's.
3	13 of us celebrating J&J b-day dinners...  It was very nice of them to set us up in the private room, Siena.  The decor is very modern and a good feel to it.  The service was excellent for 1 waiter and a trainee for 13 of us and his other tables.  We ordered our drinks and then food.  It took a little bit for all our food to get out but we do have a large party so it is expected.  Here is the low down on the food:Zucchini (Pan Fried, Parmesan Cheese, Garlic, EVOO):It was thin and fried.  I little too greasy for me.  Minestrone Soup:  All vegetable with a sprinkle of pasta and two teaspoons of soup.  Who drank my soup before it got to the table?Sicilian Pizza (Capacola, Salami, Meatballs, & Asiago Cheese):OK, this is good, VERY GOOD!  HUM.................YUM!Tiramisu:  Pretty good but I have had better.Cream puffs and ice cream:  A little too sweet for me.Service and the pizza were excellent, so it was a good dinning experience.
3	I went early to try their Happy Hour special before meeting up with friends for a birthday dinner.   The bar area was very spacious.  HH specials are from 3PM - 7PM, daily; reverse from 9PM -closing. Here's what I had:Sangria was small and very weak ($ 4.00). Zucchini Parmesan wasn't bad, but oily ($4.00).  Stuffed mushrooms, had better ($6.00)HH Roasted Chicken Pizza was delicious and definitely worth the $6.00, Must try!We later seated in a gorgeous banquet room.  The staffs provided excellent service. I have shared with my Sis the linguine and clams, unfortunately I hate to say it, but Olive Garden's tasted better.  The Tiramisu certainly made up for lack of flavor in the linguine and clams dish.
3	It was just OK. My husband had a sausage and pepperoni pizza and I had the baked tortellini with chicken and spinach. My tortellini was nothing to write home about. It had dark meat chicken which was unexpected and not their fault but not my preference. Taste wise, it lacked the punch of flavor that I like. The pizza was pretty good though.The lemonade was delicious! I still want to try the HH.
1	Visiting from Seattle we thought we would give this place a try since the location was very handy.  Our appetizer - the Tuscan Cheese Plate - featured grapes that were a good three weeks past prime....pure mush.  Then came the wine:  I had ordered a bottle of 2007 Banfi.  Our server rushed out an already open bottle of wine.  Immediately poured it into the decanter and turned to walk away.  Before she ran off I asked to see the bottle.  It was a 2008 which was wrong but still ok but I still  have never been asked to taste the wine or seen the bottle opened prior to getting to the table.  Who knows what was on that bottle and if it was full??  Food was so-so.  Carbonara was too runny, tortellini too rich, gnocchi too meaty.  Daughter liked her kids meal however.
1	Where to start? It's rare for me to ever award 1 star but Marcella's is truly deserving. We walked into an empty welcome, were then guided to our table by a hostess who scolded for almost sitting at the wrong empty table. It only gets worse from here.  After waiting about 7 minutes to be greeted we finally ordered a salad with dressing on the side.  After another 15 or so minutes our salad that was drenched in dressing was brought to the table (no pepper offered).  We then placed our entree order.  We each ordered a different pasta and were equally disappointed in the not only the presentation but also the flavor.  To continue with the trend of food taking way to long to arrive our entrees came out 40 minutes after it was placed.  If it was busy, I would understand that it takes time for a decent kitchen to produce quality food.  Since we were 1 of 4 tables in the giant dining room, there was no excuse. When my pasta "make your own penne tossed with garlic oil, add sausage, peppers and onions (which came out raw!!!)and a dollop of ricotta" finally made its appearance, it was cold. I let the server (Tyler who may need a lesson in customer service) know my pasta was cold.  He stood there speechless until the awkward silence was over. I said I would eat it the way it was because I was close to eating my arm off after waiting almost an hour for my dinner. My dining companion was equally as unsatisfied but I will not go into detail. Then the bill came, not once but TWICE Tyler said, "Can I interest you in dessert this afternoon?" It was 9pm.  Thanks Tyler.Just to add in a couple extras for your reading pleasure:*Water glasses are tiny and refill service is slow, so if you're thirsty, bring your own water!*Male was served before female in every course.*No manager came over after complaining about dressing on salad and cold pasta.Overall, probably one of the worst experiences I've ever had dining out.
4	This place was a plesant drop in spot for a quick lunch. Lasagna was delicious and the Stuffed Mushrooms were very tasty but the best part was the wonderfully tasty and cold Peroni beer. Sit at the bar and let the cute bartenders pour you a cold one.
4	Some people expect too much from places.  If you think you're going to Italy when you sit down at a restaurant in a mall, you've got another thing coming.  If you want to put all of your expectations aside and just enjoy a pasta and salad combo for $11, then you're setting yourself up for a pretty damn good lunch.   I had the Carbonara and I loved how they served it with an egg yolk on top.  Sure it's a copy of a copy of a New York style Italian bistro, but I'm fine with that.  For the record, I'd take this place over Olive Garden or Macaroni Grill any day.  In fact, if this place was situated away from the Fashion Square, and had a different name, I think peoples misconceptions would change and they'd actually judge the food, not the fact that it's a restaurant in a mall.
4	11/02/10Had an amazing happy hour, complete w/ dessert, here today!  Started off w/ red wine, an Apple salad, and Tuscan cheese board, and ended w/ a chocolate almond cake!  Service was quick and efficient, although it could've been a bit friendlier...  Don't know why they keep it so dark indoors-- 4:30p and it felt and looked like it was two hours later!I've had the Apple salad a few times before, so it's a fave when I dine here.  It's the first time I've had the cheese board, though, and I loved it!  On the dinner menu for $9.95, it only cost me $6 during happy hour and was comprised of an aged goat, a pecorino, and a gorgonzola dolce, a garnish of apricot jam, some apple slices, red grapes, and bread rounds.  The gorgonzola was the creamiest of the three, and the most pungent-- LOVED it!  The aged goat was semi-soft, was easily spreadable on bread rounds, and paired well w/ the apricot jam the best.  The pecorino was the hardest of the three cheeses, the saltiest, and paired well w/ the granny smith apple slices and red grapes.  A well-rounded platter that satisfied all of the basic tastes (salty, sweet, sour. and bitter), minus the umami element.  The topper of this most excellent meal was the chocolate almond cake!  Alternating layers of almond-scented and chocolate cake, w/ layers of chocolate ganache between each cake layer, and then topped w/ more chocolate ganache, plus warm ganache on the plate, and sprinkled w/ toasted almonds!!  The almond cake layers were my favorite, as they definitely had the essence of almond throughout-- the chocolate layers didn't have any almond flavor at all.  I checked.  And checked again.  Nope-- the wonderful almond-goodness I enjoyed was in the light cake layers!  The warmed chocolate ganache and crunchy toasted almonds just sent me over the moon!  I'm so giddy now just thinking about it!The photos included don't do this meal great justice.  BTW, I loved the cake so much, I ate that much AT THE TABLE.  I polished the rest off on the ride home!  :D
3	A solid "3" Excellent service, good food, except for the bread which was simply awful. Someone in management needs to do some research as to what bread in an Italian restaurant is supposed to be.  Other than that, we'd happily return.
5	I was visiting Arizona this past weekend, and had been told to check out Marcella's.  I love Italian food, so decided to go.  I ordered basic spaghetti and was shocked at the amount of food I got!  Let me tell you, the food was amazing!!  You could tell it was authentic.  The manager Brady came by to be sure that we were happy.  I left and didn't take my left overs because I was on a flight home that day, but I am wishing there was one here in the Bay Area.
3	Nice patio, good service, but average food.  Apparently this is widely known as the place was empty on a Friday evening.Marcella's totally revamped it's menu the day prior to us dining there, and apparently that included the weirdest tasting red sauce I've every had.  I'm not sure what was added...but seemed to be a combo of red wine vinegar and sugar!  Despite that, I managed to finish a piece of lasagna the size of a brick (I'm a trooper--a hungry trooper).  Little Lady had the butternut squash ravioli which seemed pretty solid.Desert was forgetable--some three ice cream nonsense.  Between the two us we sampled four different red wines by the glass, which were all ho-hum.  MIK skates to a three star rating simply off the nice ambience, great service, and some pretty good HH specials to start the evening.If I was at Fashion Square and the weather was tolerable, I would consider swinging by here during HH vs. the carbon monoxide experience at Kona, Z-Tejas, and Yard House.
3	Marcella's has a very atypical ambiance for a Scottsdale restaurant, which makes it an experiential treat to visit. The interior has an old school look to it, which reminds me of Italian restaurants on the East coast and Midwest. The parlor and outdoor bar area the most interesting places to sit in the place to admire the old school cabinetry and flooring. As interesting of a place as Marcella's is, I've had relatively "meh" food experiences each time I've been there. I noticed that the menu had changed when I visited yesterday. Apparently it's now become more of a fine dining establishment. Rather than venture into having any of the new pasta dishes, I had the vegetarian pizza which was surprisingly the best thing I've eaten there so far. The flatbread pizza was topped with plenty of mushrooms, tomatoes and other veggies, and was garnished with an arugula salad that was tossed in a tart dressing. Although I don't envision myself become a regular there, I'll probably stick to the veggie pizza to avoid further disappointment.
4	The best thing about Marcella's is the service.  It's hard to give a restaurant less than 4 stars when you get great service and you enjoy the meal. If I had received mediocre service, this would be a solid 3 star venue, nothing more.  Now, let's get to the meal:The good: Hot Bread served with Pesto- Awesome and complimentary!Spinach and Artichoke dip- Nothing traditional about it, but super tasty.   Butternut squash tortellini- Melted in my mouth... and made me love Brussels sprouts even more!The Not so good: The wine selection- We tried 4 different wines and were not excited about any of them. Profiteroles- (Stuffed pastries with homemade ice cream).  Pastries were cold and not fresh.  The ice cream was okay, but the "Ganache" was more like a pool of Hershey's syrup.  To sum it up, the ambiance and the service get 4 stars and the meal a 3.  Since I am a sucker for good service and a great outdoor patio, Marcella's gets 4 stars overall.  Plus they have a great happy hour, and I would go back... especially if I was at the mall.
3	Convenient location at Fashion Square, the decor was nice, the service was good and the food was good.  There is just nothing special about the food that makes it stand out!
3	Service was the best part, our waiter was on his game to bad the food wasn't up to par. The starters were solid, I had a nice Caesar salad and a friend had what looked like a pretty large portion of prosciutto and melon. The bartender nailed my Martini which was a plus, but my Veal Marsala was on the salty side. Fortunately the sauce was plentiful and helped drown it out. 2 other people had veal and complained afterward how salty their meals tasted. The couple we went to dinner with also left less than impressed with their main courses. It was kind of slow, but it was a Wednesday night. Doubt I will be going back when I am in the Scottsdale area again. Service good, food just not up to par with everything else.
5	Hot Bread served with Pesto is a new thing for them since I was there last year.  I'm actually from Chicago.  The great food and excellent customer service is why I keep going back.I love their calamari, best I've had yet.  We had steak which is pricey but was excellent!They don't have rootbeer and I am still sad after all these years.  But this year they had me try some ice teas which I didn't like at all.  After a few different trial drinks the waiter surprised me with root beer that he got from another restaurant just for me!Blake made our night and we had a wonderful time celebrating my friend's birthday!
5	Alright Gluten Free eaters! Though this place was definitely a bit expensive, it had the most amazing gluten free pizza I have tried yet. I so enjoyed eating traditional Italian pizza, free of worry!  As far as gluten free pizza, I give this place five stars. Although, if that were not a consideration, I might be leaning more towards four. Our server was attentive and pleasant. However, as previously mentioned, it was a bit pricy and lacked an ideal atmosphere (granted this could have been because there were few customers in the restaurant). I would definitely go back, although probably only for more special occasions, and would probably try a Friday or Saturday night for a better atmosphere.
5	kaybell
1	no to the foodno to the service no to the pricesno to the way.
2	Use to be good but no more...The first 4 times I came here the food was amazing! But they have decided to change the menu and I will not be back.For this last visit I had the Apple salad and the chicken Parmesan. Both mine and my boyfriend's salad (both apple salads) tasted like someone has dropped the salt shaker into them. When we told the waitress how salty they were her reply was "that's weird I eat that all the time and it's not salty". It was so salty it was unbearable to eat.When the chicken Parmesan came out it looked good but that was not the case. It was bland and it use to come with a side of spaghetti. With the menu change they took away the spaghetti and instead put penne pasta on top of the chicken under the cheese.Due to the bad service and not so yummy food, I won't be back. Too bad I really liked Marcella's before the menu change.
1	When you see an almost empty restuarant at 7 pm on a Sarurday night in the busiest retail location in metro Phoenix, it should be a hint about something. Unfortunately we forgot about that and chose it anyway. Very poor food with amateur level service. They can not survive for long this way.
5	Chicken panini was delicious. Stuffed mushroom appetizers were fantastic! Great atmosphere inside or out. Had lunch on the adorable quaint patio. What a retreat from the hussle and bustle.
1	Visiting from Seattle we thought we would give this place a try since the location was very handy.  Our appetizer - the Tuscan Cheese Plate - featured grapes that were a good three weeks past prime....pure mush.  Then came the wine:  I had ordered a bottle of 2007 Banfi.  Our server rushed out an already open bottle of wine.  Immediately poured it into the decanter and turned to walk away.  Before she ran off I asked to see the bottle.  It was a 2008 which was wrong but still ok but I still  have never been asked to taste the wine or seen the bottle opened prior to getting to the table.  Who knows what was on that bottle and if it was full??  Food was so-so.  Carbonara was too runny, tortellini too rich, gnocchi too meaty.  Daughter liked her kids meal however.
3	The service is excellent, the food not as much. I would say the quality is average: not worth a special trip but okay if you are in the area. The lunch specials are average, thus challenging the meaning of "special". Strangely enough, the most delicious thing was the water; which in Phoenix is important. The water is very good.
5	Wow from me!  We were delighted to enjoy a wonderful time at Marcellas this evening.  Food, attmosphere, and service was fabulous.  We sat in the Bar with a table of 9 and got outstanding service from Brittney our bartender/server.  She was very busy and still made us feel so welcome and good.  Great pizzas for apps. And then wonderful entrees.  I loved the stuffed mushrooms and Marcellas house salad.  Nice job Marcellas!  Thank u for a great Birthday celebration!
4	3 stars for a great happy hour. 1 extra star for having happy hour 7 days a week (from 3pm-7pm). If more places did happy hour every day of the week, I'd be drinking and eating all the time...oh, wait. Anyway, here's the happy hour download: -Wine by the glass: $2 off-Domestic bottles: $3-Draft beers: $4-Sangria: $4-Specialty Cocktails: $7In addition, they also have multiple food items at the $4, $6 and $8 price points. We sampled the "Lemoncello" (in quotes because it should be "Limoncello" - note to management) martini as well as the Grapefruit Basil Fizz. Both were delicious, although the basil one was definitely the best. For food, we had the spinach artichoke dip and the arancini (rice balls). Neither was amazing but a great value for the money. I thought the service was attentive and efficient, although the food runners needed to learn which spot at the bar was which table number since they kept delivering other people's food to us. Finally, while this has zero impact on my review, there is a very bizarre picture of a dark-haired shirtless man with dark chest hair in a very flirtatious pose hanging in the women's restroom. As my Facebook friend pointed out, it looks more like bad 80s porn than restaurant wall art. While entertaining, it probably makes sense to replace with some generic pic of the Colosseum or something!
