4	Great new venue at the Hard Rock Hotel. "The next small thing".. as they say.. and the venue is designed for more intimate bands and shows. Great  so far! I'm looking forward to seeing some great music being played!
4	Vinyl is a fun, intimate place that reminds me of The Knit type venues. Great service at the bar and inexpensive drinks. I was there for Xoch both nights during Labor Day weekend and they were amazing. Hopefully they play sometime again because they genuinely looked like they were having an amazing time performing. P.s. I suggest going to a Sunday concert after Rehab gets out beacause it makes for amazing and hilarious people watching.
5	Drinks are cheap, nice size for a show. Decent P.A. Great vibe. Will for sure return if there's a good show!
4	Well done, Hard Rock.  Well done.Hard Rock finally figured out how to set up a smaller concert venue. Their previous effort, Wasted Space, was GOD AWFUL.  I went to see my favorite band at that venue and it soured me on their music forever. I may have a little Wasted Space PTSD.But, things have changed with Vinyl.  It has a central stage (important), good acoustics, and a bar in a logical spot (the back).  If you'd been to Wasted Space, you'd know that those qualities were lacking.They also book some good, smaller acts.  I saw Band of Skulls here and it was the perfect place for them.  Also, like the Cosmo's Chelsea, they occasionally have free shows for lesser known acts.  I think this will be a good spot for up-and-coming talent.  The only negatives are that, due to a low ceiling, the place can feel claustrophobic when crowded.  Regardless, I'll be back for sure.
4	I saw Yellowcard here in November.  The Hard Rock really isn't lying when they say the venue is "the next small thing."  It's perfect for up and coming bands since it's a small intimate space.  You can stand pretty much anywhere in the room and see the stage and band well. The acoustics are pretty good.  There's a bar in the back and the prices there are actually cheaper than at the casino bar.  Depending on who's playing, I would go back to the venue.
4	Ended up here at the Vinyl to watch Justin Young and Anuhea, my favorite local groups from Hawaii.I picked up my tickets in the front box office, was greeted by a friendly blonde girl, she was courteous and polite. I entered the actual venue, the place was pretty small, nothing like House Of Blues, All the servers were great and friendly. The place was clean prolly held about 200 people. Overall Vinyl is a great place to watch performers, they have a lot of up coming performers of all different genres. Checkout their website for a full list.
4	Came here to watch Anuhea and Justin Young concert.  Aloha hawaii people :)!!  Very small and intimate but that's what made this place nice.  The bar is small but has exactly what you need, the beer prices were reasonable.  Some chairs and tables were set up near the stage for the people who paid VIP prices for the concert and there was still good viewing area even if you didn't come butt early and rammed yourself near the stage.  Bathroom was nice and clean and to the side of the venue.  What was nice was no matter where you were in the venue, you still had great view of the stage and if you didn't... the zoomed in camera to the side had a close up of the musicians.  Pretty clean and security let you in and out with your ticket.  Signing autographs/picture taking and purchasing merchandise happened outside the venue right outside the door.  Great music experience and I didn't blow my ear drums out either :)!! Would def go back for another intimate event.
4	Been here MANY times since I am a music/concert chick. This place has a good size floor space so anywhere you stand you got a good view of the band. Sound system is really good too. Sometimes they're lines are messed up. Sometimes in front of the door and sometimes hidden around the corner with the ropes. Every show I've been to here, were good priced though. Seen 10 Years, In This Moment, Young Guns, First Class Trash, Static X and Many more. Hope this place stays around a while. Our venues seem to disappear around Vegas to quick..
4	One of the better sounding venues in Las Vegas. I've seen 3 shows here, and enjoyed them. And the drinks are pretty reasonable given this is the Hard Rock.. If I had one complaint it would be I wish the floor layout was a tad better. At a crowded show, if you're in the back, you have no chance of seeing the stage if you aren't 6'8.
4	Love this kind of venue. Small, but not cramped. A perfect place to see the Diceman call Tiger Woods a half _______ and to comment on girls enjoying ______ these days. The waitstaff come to your seat and deliver decently priced drinks, which is a bonus. Can't wait to catch a band and to really rock out here.
4	Recently was here to catch BRMC near the end of their last tour. It was my first time in this intimate venue and I was pleasantly surprised that it wasn't a cluster, The sound was good, the sightlines were decent and security weren't assholes. WIN! Also a win was the cheap drinks ($5 Absolut at the time I went).  Good to know:No smoking in the venue, bathrooms outside in casino, but easy in/outs.I'd definitely head to another show here if a band I liked were playing.
5	Great place to see a concert up close and personal. The acoustics were phenomenal. The cocktail waitresses did not get in the way. They were barely noticeable. Awesome room. Hope they have someone that I want to see again soon. I enjoyed it.
4	I haven't set foot in the Hard Rock hotel in years, but I visited recently for a night out on the town with my 17-year-old because I'm a cool mom, yo.  After making sure I took a nap first, we ate dinner with his two buddies at Mr. Lucky's and then attended the Quadron/Mayer Hawthorne concert here.  My son told me the concert started at 8:00pm, but it really didn't start until 9:00pm.  I think he just wanted to spend an hour socializing with his cool mom.  Or, wait, maybe it was his buddies he wanted to socialize with?  Nah.  Since we were an hour early,that gave me a lot of time to stand around with all the young hipsters and groove to the DJ, who played a lot of songs from the 80s and 90s, much to my delight.  As the hour passed, more people crowded in behind us and it started to get hot in here.  I didn't take off all my clothes, but I did have to shed the jacket; it seriously felt like there was no ventilation and it got worse when the concert began.  HOWEVER, that's the only gripe I have about my visit to the Vinyl.  This is a small space and we were right at the front and had a great view of the stage.  The acoustics are excellent and security was quick to kick out the rude dude who tried to bogart his way in front of some crazy enthusiastic Quadron fans who did not appreciate him blocking their view of Coco.  That girl can sing!  Wait, I have another gripe:  Quadron only played for 25 minutes and then it took a good 35 minutes for Mayer Hawthorne to come out; don't they know it's way past my bedtime?  We only paid $27 each for our General Admission tickets, which meant we were standing.  I don't know what it costs for the VIP/area-with-seats section, but I would definitely return to see a show here as long as they turn on the air next time.  I'm cool, but not that cool.
5	Love the small room...it's like seeing a great band in a bar. Very up close and personal experience. Easy to get drinks and they actually have drink specials for 5$....sold!My husband bought me a t-shirt since he saved so much on drinks!The crowd was good and the music was fun.I will definitely see a show here again.the only pain in  the butt was the bathrooms are outside the venue and you need your ticket every time you come and go.
5	Came here to see Mondays Dark with Mark Shunock (highly recommend seeing this show! http://www.yelp.com/biz/mondays-dark-with-mark-shunock-las-vegas).I would describe this venue as cozy and sort of romantic because of the lighting and overall ambience. For this show we had tables and chairs covering the whole floor in front of the stage and standing room only at the surrounding edges. I assume most concerts are standing room only but this show was a charity to benefit various non profit organizations on a monthly basis.For you alcohol enthusiasts there is a full bar at the back by the entrance. I don't drink but when I was there with friends, they told me how some of the drink specials were actually decently priced and that the service was really good.The stage itself is rather small but decently sized enough for a full band to get their rock on. It is elevated just enough for you to still be close enough to the action yet still have a pretty good view of what's going on.As for the sound, with a well known name like Hard Rock the sound crew better bring their "A" game for every performance and this was no different. The sound was nice and loud but not to point where you feel like you needed to cover your ears. To me, the sound will take priority next to singing and instrumentation. You can be the greatest band in the world, but if the sound sucks, you are no better than an amateur garage band. I give the sound here a top notch grade.So if you have never been here and/or are planning on it, I can tell you firsthand that you will have a rockin good time. A big plus is that you cant smoke inside the venue. No exposure to cancer causing second hand smoke is always appreciated!Yelp 2014 365 Review Challenge #52
4	Came here with one of the best friends to watch parade of lights, with a few other hipster bands play. The tickets were a hookup so why not? Overall, I gotta say this is a nice joint for smaller bands. Mostly standing room with a bar in the back for those who choose to imbibe. Thankfully there's also a VIP/ seated section in the back and we just kind of snuck in. The service staff was really good in that they would bring drinks to you and $8 for a cocktail is not bad at all by Vegas standards. I didn't really like the $8 for PBR though, the whole point of PBR is that you're drinking it for its cheapness.Overall I can't complain, it's a good little venue to rock out like no one is looking
4	I really liked my experience at Vinyl. It reminds me of a dive-y NYC rock club. But, of course, it's actually kinda new-ish and doesn't have sticky floors and diseases in the bathroom. But it's got the ambiance of that. And I really like that.The stage is small--ish and perfectly proportional and appropriate for the size and ambiance of this place. There's some tables scattered around the floor. The space directly in front of the stage is clear so you can stand, mosh, dance, or whatever suits you. There's a bar with some stools. And then there's a narrow, elevated area with high tops. And there are servers so you don't have to go to the bar to get your drinks.What I am a particular fan of is the free shows. I enjoy a night out where I can chill and listen to a cool cover band and don't have to pay any sort of fee or cover charge. And you can do just that here at Vinyl.So yep, if you like music, this could be a cool place for you.
5	I love this space! It totally differentiates itself from all other Vegas venues through it's intimate layout which offers a more enjoyable experience. You truly get to feel the bands and ambiance through great acoustics. I've had the pleasure of catching bands like Leche de Tigre to Street Drum Corps. I love the variety in their lineups and totally recommend catching a show here.
4	We've seen a couple bands play at Vinyl now and it's definitely one of my favorite venues!The space itself is pretty limited. When you walk in, the bar is on your right hand side and there's a small section of seats/tables on your left. The rest of the room is standing only and for the shows we've been to, there was plenty of room. As far as the stage goes, it's a bit small but we did see a 6 member band play here and they weren't squeezed in so I'd say it's just right for the space.When it comes to the sound quality, Vinyl has got it right! We've seen a variety of music played here from acoustic sets to a crazy rock, country "Americana" opening band. Each time, the sound has been on point! Vocals are clear, you can actually hear the bass and nothing is distorted or drowning out the band as a whole.I really only have a couple complaints for Vinyl, the first being the bar. For the most part, the prices are decent considering you're in the Hard Rock, but for some things, especially their "cheap" beer, the prices are just stupid. They also don't have anywhere for underage show goers to buy drinks inside. The first time we were here, we noticed a teenager trying to get some water at the bar, and obviously they couldn't serve him. They need to at least have some type of area inside for that. There's going to be teenagers at a lot of concerts and it gets hot in there sometimes. For the $3 they charge for a tiny bottle of water, it's only going to bring in more money for them. The only other downfall for me is the whole entry/exit ticket system. Having to leave the actual venue to use the bathroom and scanning my ticket every time I come or go is annoying. The entrance doors there are small and when bands are switching, it gets crowded. Other than that, I dig Vinyl a whole lot and wouldn't hesitate coming back!
5	Nice hotel, great pools and good restaurants. This is a place for the younger crowed and sometimes that us a good thing.
4	We actually saw Andrew Dice Clay at the Vinyl, so it was set up as a comedy club when we were there - which worked (just rows of chairs with some tables around the stage and way in the back).  We did walk by once and they had the doors open for a no cover show (band) and it seemed like they just clear it out and it is standing room only - which would work for the small space also.  It is a smaller space so there isn't really a bad seat (or standing place) in the house.  There is a bar at the back and at Dice they had seat service.  Acoustics were fine.  I did find that this was the one place in Hard Rock that seemed to have really expensive drinks (I thought everywhere else wasn't bad), so I am knocking off a star, but all in all a very good experience.
4	Pretty small venue, which is nice when you come here for a show. Definitely makes it feel more intimate. There's a bar in the back and a waitress comes around (really slowly) to check up on you and get drinks and stuff.We saw Dice here and there were fold out chairs everywhere. No tables to set drinks on or to really get comfortable. They do all kinds of shows here (including concerts) so I imagine it's so they can quickly and easily get things re-arranged.The drinks were really expensive compared to everywhere else in the Hard Rock where we drank.
4	Vinyl is a very nice music venue.  The layout and sound here are both excellent.  I consistently see 30+ shows a year at various venues, and I can confidently say this one is a good one.  By buddy and I saw Andrew Dice Clay here and, later, Smashing Alice (a really good alt rock and metal cover band).  The venue worked very well for both shows.  The sound and lighting are excellent, and it's a very comfortable room all the way around. As an aside, Smashing Alice puts on a damn good show.  They really nail the songs, and if you like metal, you will enjoy their show a lot.   Great musicianship, vocals, and stage presence.  My only real gripes are the following:Seating was very tight for the Dice show.  The chairs arranged in rows force you to sit elbow to elbow.  Tables of 2 and 4 would work better for stand up.  The drink prices were a little on the steep side.  $14.00 for a Jim Beam rocks is a bit steep considering you can buy a bottle of Beam all day long for that, but I suppose that's not completely out of line given the location and given there was no cover for the Smashing Alice show.
4	Great small spot to see your favorite bands up close & personal . They also have a ton of free shows . Drinks are pricey as to be expected on strip. . Always a cool little after party place after seeing a concert at the joint too .
4	Love this venue, probably my most favorite in Las Vegas. The space is small which is great because you can get up close to the band. The Pa and lighting works very well. The time between band changed is fairly quick. There's no seating cause , hello it's a rock show! they have a few booths but Everyone knows you stand for a good band. The staff is really nice and security is friendly.
4	One of several small sized venues spread throughout the local casinos I've now been fortunate enough to catch two shows at Vinyl and with excellent acoustics alongside a standing-room-only crowd I must say that for as many times as I've seen Sevendust this was perhaps their most impressive performance, an intimate and acoustic show that not only showed the growing maturity of a band birthed in "Agro" or "Rap Rock" but also served to redefine some of their biggest hits from over a decade on tour.  Well managed from the doors to the floors with a mellow but cultish crowd clearly familiar with the band and its tunes suffice it to say that for its size Vinyl provides a vastly superior experience to the Hard Rock on the strip and I can only hope that more bands choose to play Vinyl during my time here in Las Vegas, particularly anyone opting for the sort of low key acoustic set likely to benefit from the room and the vibe it creates.
4	This is one of the best sort of undiscovered spots in Vegas to see a concert. The tickets are always cheap and there's not a bad "seat" in the house. It's better than the Joint in my opinion because it's smaller and more intimate. And the tickets are always less expensive. Buy them in person at the box office to avoid extra fees. Example: I'm seeing Trapt tonight and I only paid $20 for my ticket. That's all fees included. And I'm standing 5 feet from the stage. That's pretty much always the case with the shows here.
