3	Lets go back 72 hours....... I walk into WalMart with my daughter holding my hand walking next to me to the fish department. I mean fish as in Pets not as in Sashimi.. What was supposed to start out as a fishbowl with one fish turned into a 5 gallon tank with filter, rock, fake decorations and some tank jewels and 5 goldfish with a placostomis. " I tend to go bigger with things than I originally plan". While we are having the guy pull out the fish for us my daughter was preoccupied with the large tank of feeder fish and I asked him subtly, " Hey man, whats the warranty on these bad boys." Okay, okay, i know you are reading this saying to yourself, "did he really just ask about a warranty on goldfish?" Well the answer is, You better believe I did. The young man turned to me and told me oh it is 48 hours. If anything happens to her fish we will replace it at no cost. I am sure at this point you see where this is going; It has now been 72 hours and the placostimis kicked the bucket or went belly up, whatever term you want to use, I like went to the fishbowl in the sky but anyways. I called WalMart just to see how the whole Life insurance policy on the fish works and they asked well when did you get the fish and I explained that we technically bought the fish 72 hours ago but I did not look at the tank and see the "issue" until tonight after work. Needless to say the guy on the phone said plainly in a monotone voice, " Sir, it is dead.... And..umm... You can't bring back a dead fish after 48 hours." It seemed to me like I was speaking to the resident fish coroner, and like he has given this news to other people quite often. So to end this Review, I think I will just say, If you are going to buy fish for any reason, go to a pet store or somewhere that they may be surprised to hear that the fish they just sold you died.
4	Okay..... So this is my go to WalMart since it is really close to my house. Now this update is not really about the store because the store has recently be remodeled and is very open and offers everything you could ask for from a single store. This review is more about the clientele... I just have a few questions for some of you. Why do you feel it is okay to go to WalMart Barefoot? Who said that tube top was flattering on you? Since when has it been okay for you to sample the food in the grocery section? Why do I ask these questions you ask..... Well because the more and more I go to this place the more of this crap I am subject to deal with. The one that really made me say, " What the Hell !!"  The family cracked open a bag of chips sampled a few and put the bag back on the shelf... Here is my beef, first of all that is just wrong and second of all walk your goofy ass over to Sams club and hit up the sample tables. WalMart is A+ in my book but the crowd is pulling a C- you better be careful WalMart folks you are pushing gettin held back.
3	Stopped here to pick up a few things for the house.  I was on this side of town to visit a friend at St Rose Hospital and decided to stop by here before jumping on the 215.  Conveniently located just off the Eastern exit off the 215 it is an easy in/out.The only frustrating thing is that it took the cashier a long time to check people out....and that was in the 20 Items or Less lane!  But it is Walmart, so what do I expect?Will I return?  Not anytime soon....but that's because it's in BFE!
2	I was in a bind. I hold my head down
1	When this store opened in 1998 it was clean and had good clientele. Now it's dirty and overcrowded. A lot of garbage people shop there. I always see people getting purses stolen inside and out of store. I feel this store is unsafe. I think the dynamics of the neighborhood have changed. I will shop elsewhere and pay more for my own safety. Walmart also is non union and pays their employees low wages and doesn't give them good benefits. They are a greedy company based out of Arkansas that pushes made in USA and everything is made in china from slave labor. Walmart is from Arkansas and has their mentality. Exploit people and keep them down. I won't frequent SAMs club that is owned by walmart. I would rather pay a little more for products at companies that care about their employees and customers.
3	I came here because my friend had to pick up some furniture, I'm the person she knows with the largest vehicle. Lucky me.As far as Walmart's go, this was about par. The clientele was mixed, the employees were fairly nice, and I only waited about 5 minutes to pay for my stuff. This is also one of the stores that has a McDonald's inside, which makes it really difficult for me to say no to my guilty pleasure of a vanilla cone! Also, they have quite a few of those "self checkout" stands that are increasingly popular. I like that because it's usually a little bit quicker as long as the person in front of you is good about it. Sometimes it's easy to attack this store because there's this idea of low-class people shopping here. I'm sure that might be the case at some stores, inclusive of higher-end ones, but I didn't get that vibe here. One of the previous reviews seems to be really aggressive about the demographics of the people who shop there, work there, and dislike Walmart's business practices. While I agree that this business isn't the best towards their employees, I do strongly disagree with the attacks against the shoppers there. I never felt that this store was full of transients or anything like that, nor were purses being stolen, nor was there an unsafe feeling.
1	OMFG. I don't expect much from Walmart, I really don't. It's Walmart...you get what you need and that's all there is to it. If I knew the line at their photo department MOVED SLOWER THAN BLACK FRIDAY, I would've ordered my prints with another Walmart down the road.I was 4th in line, after two customers getting photo pick-ups, and a tv exchange. YES, A TV EXCHANGE IN THE PHOTO DEPARTMENT. It makes no sense.3 workers, 1 register, a line of 6 ppl; and we all couldn't be processed til the tv exchange was done. To make matters worse, the workers kept waiting around for some manager authorization. Like, couldn't someone could just start helping everyone or 911 a manager faster.Workers even told us that they asked management for another register and it wasn't approved. All the while electronics down the aisle had 2 registers with no one at check-out.What's funny is a customer said she'd make a complaint; and the worker said "management didn't care!" --- wow, it's like that!I waited 30 minutes and was still 4th in line; I had to bounce!I have alot of patience, I really do; but this was just stupidity!
3	Not much to talk about, who hasn't been to walmart, we all know what to expect!
3	I feel like this wal mart is always better stocked than the other options in my area, usually if i try to find something at the other ones, I cant.  So I just end up here.  I have since made this my wal mart of choice.    The employees that I have interacted with have always been extremely friendly and very helpful when You cant locate something.   Prices I feel are self explanatory.... mostly every wal mart is the same.  not much more you can say about it... just that its a good wal mart to go to.
3	It is not too often that I step into Walmart, but I will not deny that it is easy and convenient to go to own place for all your needs. The only problem with this location is that they tend to not have the same stock as other Walmarts. I should probably just stick to the one close to my house because I tend to find the essentials and it is well organized.
2	Always crowded. I prefer going to other Walmarts.
2	The price scanners here will always, always overcharge you, especially on staple items like bread and milk. Bring a pad and paper so you can write down the shelf price. Or better yet shop at the new Winco in Henderson where groceries are 33-40% less.
1	I don't like Walmart and only go here when I need something that I can't find anywhere else.  Everytime I go I regret it.  The people who work there are rude and so are the customers.  It is always busy, always lines.
1	This is actually a review of the McDonald's in this Walmart. Just for you information, I am in my 20s, and my Dad's side of the family immigrated to America from Japan in the 1800s. That means, if your ancestors were one of those European's  who saw the Statue of Liberty when they were immigrating to America, my Family has been American longer than your family.Here is what happened today:This 60+ year old Korean man orders 6 coffees in front of me. They tell him that the coffee is still brewing so he has to wait. I ordered a McDouble and a strawberry fruit smoothie for my foster kid, and I just got a coffee for myself. When our order was ready, they gave it to me without the coffee. I told them that they had forgotten my coffee and the lady replies to me: "Like I told you before, it is still brewing". Did this lady really confuse me as a 60 year old Korean man who was speaking in broken English?It doesn't end there. There was a geriatric black man sitting in a booth near the counter who was having a conversation with a  white dude(who is a walmart worker) about how: " A couple years ago Walmart was all American. We didn't have so many damn Chinese working here! It was all American!".  He was doing his best to make sure I was hearing his remarks. First of all, there are not many Chinese people working at Walmart, those Asian-Americans you usually see are all pretty much all Filipinos. 2nd, I think he was angry because he noticed that my Foster Kid is black, and he must have thought that he was my son, and that I knocked up some black chick. The reason why the Korean guy wasn't offended was because his English sucked and he couldn't understand what "Grandad" was saying. But, the moral of the story today is that I didn't just get Racism, I got Double Racism(4 chan reference).
3	I mainly hate the fact that it crowded (mostly kid from Silverado HS which is next to Sam Club across the street) but I don't actually mind since I used to be one of them. If you like it when it not crowded it better late at night and before 6 am there only a few people around BUT ONLY ON SCHOOL DAY NOT WEEKEND!!
5	As big and boxy as a big box store can get. They do have a large selection and the best prices around. It can take a while to navigate the entire store, but it will most likely save you from having multiple stops on your errand junket. How knows you may find something you don't need, and you may even buy it. Live it up, you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
4	Cheap, cheap, cheap!
3	The Serene at Eastern Walmart ought to be in my New York State of Mind List. From 10 AM to 9 PM the congestion here reminds me of the Long Island Expressway approaching Midtown Manhattan.   This Walmart is a major convenience for me. The prices are competitive in grocery items and sometimes as good as it gets on general merchandise. A few examples are a $13 hiking pole, $10 leather wallet, and $450 Toshiba laptop. When it comes to prices I save money but don't live better.   This supercenter is hypercrowded. Shopping here could be stressful.  The parking lot is one of the worst in the valley. When Walmart is hypercrowded so is the parking lot. An element of impatient and insane motorists is a recipe for the stress level to rise. The parking lot that Walmart shares with other power retailers is unsignalized at Serene Avenue. This causes a dangerous situation for motorists waiting to turn left on a main road with a parade of cars in back honking. I avoid making a left turn here like swimming in the Las Vegas Wash.  Recently this facility was remodeled.  The major flaw was it was designed to look like Target. The result is that the main walkways are similar to Interstate 15 loosing four lanes for a landscaped median. It is a challenge to maneuver a shopping cart.  Another issue is that on account of the crowds, there are holes. This is the scene in the majority of super centers.  The food selection is good. Some hard to find items they sell are Yum Tum Wonton soup, a full line of La Choy, Campbells Manhattan Clam Chowder Soup.  The checkout generally moves fast. The majority of the cashiers are friendly.  This is a representation of the majority of employees.   Before concluding this review, I have a recommendation for drivers visiting from Interstate 215. Avoid the crazy left from the parking lot onto Serene Avenue. Instead do this: make a right on Serene Avenue. At the traffic light turn right on Spencer Street.  Past the underpass (I-215), at the traffic light turn right on Pebble Road. And at the traffic light turn right on Eastern Avenue. Immediately you will see the Junction 215 sign.
1	The associates are not helpful at all. Try to avoid this location.
3	The liquor is kept in a little room in the front of the store. You're welcome.
4	It's Walmart, I love Walmart because of their awesome prices! I love this location because I feel that there is always a quick check out. I come from FL and everyone knows Orlando is tourist central therefore no matter which Walmart you go too it's always pack and you spend longer in line to check out then your actual grocery shopping.
4	Its full nothing to buy EVERITHING its gone
1	Okay so I feel like I only write bad reviews....but I can't help it! If you don't provide me with the highest customer service...expect this to happen. I came into Walmart during Christmas time to buy gift cards for my company xmas party. The lady at the register tells me she has to ring them up separately, so I tell her its no problem. She rings the first one up and it goes through fine so i take it and put it in my wallet, then when she goes to ring up the second one it denies the charges. She takes the second card and puts it on the side of her register and assume its because I had already purchased so much for the party i had maxed out the card. When I went to give the gift card out to the winner of our trivia, a few days later she emails me and tells me it was denied...so I bring it back to the store with my receipt and they tell me this card was never activated and they couldn't do anything for me. I was so upset because they were telling me I was out $100! I keep going into the store to figure out a way to get my money back, so I ask to see the footage of that day to see if the lady had scammed me out of money. The manager told me he wasn't going to let me see the footage but he would watch it and tell me what happened...so i sit there waiting for him to come back and when he does he tells me..I have you on camera walking out with BOTH cards....laughing at him because I know he was lying i just walked out in shock. I am over it now because its April and Walmart still has not refunded me, but I won't be shopping there ANY time soon. Walmart has been going downhill for quite some time now. Lost a loyal customer over $100.
4	The last time I visited this Walmart, I wasn't a fan. It wasn't very clean and it no matter what day I came and what time, it was always packed.Well, what a difference a couple of years make. It is now very clean for a Walmart and not that busy at all. I was actually shocked. The shopping experience was very pleasant. There's not much to rave or review on a Walmart, because they all carry the same things, but this location was very nice. I will have to say that it is one of the nicest locations I have shopped to date in comparison to the location on Tropicana and Ft. Apache.
2	Walmart is a walmart is a walmart.  I don't go unless I happen to be with someone else that needs to go....
2	I could have sworn I wrote a review for this place, but I guess not. It's a Walmart. I only venture here when I know I need more things that the Walmart neighborhood market won't have. Pros:1. you find what you need and then some. (Which can also be a bad thing if you're on a budget).2. Competitive prices3. Awesome for people watching. Cons1. No matter when you get here, it's always busy. 2. The road rage you get when pushing your cart through the aisle. 3. They are out of stock of the specific toothbrush you like. List goes on...It's a Walmart. Nothing more to say.
4	I really hate how some of you are being so picky. Walmart is Walmart? It's known to be crowded because it's one of the top 10 most famous stores around this area. Lmao. You guys need to calm down. But I don't like how whenever you call Walmart's electronic center, you have to keep calling  over and over again cause they won't pick up. And they're usually out of stock of everything.
5	This review is for the Tire & Lube guys. I wanted to take the time to say thank you for such a great team. I needed to change tires and was greeted by Allan. He was very nice and told me it wouldn't take more than 45 minutes. Sure enough, I went back and it was done! Another gentleman named Richard was very helpful and knowledgeable with a question I had. But the main guy who really made my day when I paid for my service was Randy. Management if you are reading this, please give him a raise or at the least a big THANK YOU! It's not too often I come across someone like him. He was very friendly. Had a smile on his face and cracked some jokes that really had me feeling welcome. I normally go to Ted Wiens and compared to you guys, they are robots going through the motions.So thank you Allan, Richard, and especially Randy for making my time there fun.
1	I hardly even going to Wal Mart but it was on the way home and close to where I was doing my other shopping. The parking lot was insane which is to be expected since it is wal mart. I saw two carts hit someone's car and the guy doing carts was not even paying attention. The staff inside was really not even what I expected. I understand it's wal mart and you get average service but these people did not care and some guy even ran into me in the aisle and told me to watch where I was going next time. Ummm...you ran into me and I didn't run into you. Then he muttered under his breath and complained about me to the employee next to him. I was still standing there really. Then at the cash register, the cashier didn't even say hi or thank you and totally just stared at me. The only friendly person in that store was the greeter. He said hi and have a great day. Seriously, at least Target goes above and beyond for their guests not wal mart though. I would not recommend coming here at all. I would not even want to return here. You lost my business for good.
1	Never had to complain till today!!! I was looking foe a tooth brush Im in a horry and the lady stocking the tooth brush gives me attitude!!!! Just because I reached for a tooth brush above her. Like wtf its ur damn job im a costumer rude people at this walmart specially the asian ladies theyre so mean!!!!!!
1	I bought a wrong size of car battery and I was trying to return it. The manager of Tire and Lube Express DON wasn't very helpful at all. He showed me where it says the policy in the wall saying no returns for purchased battery and just said "I can't do anything, its the policy.." I'm obviously upset that I can't return the battery but I don't deserve to be treated so rudely specially by a manager who seems like he hates his job so he doesn't even try to help out the customers. He then keeps on telling me to put myself on his shoes, If I could, being a manager I wouldn't be rude first of all, and I will make sure that I do my best to help out a customer. I then ask him to put himself in my position that I can't return the battery, he then tells me "well, sell it in craigslist!" RUDE!
3	I usually have always had a great experience here. No problems at all but today I waited almost 20 minutes for someone to come and hand me my photos that we ordered online. This is ridiculous! Someone should be here at all times. I ordered photos online to come to my house a couple weeks ago. Those probably came faster then this service was. Smh!
1	Most people don't know this but you DONT HAVE TO BE 21 TO SALE BEER OR ANY LICOR !!!To serve yes !!Is annoying evry time ....But the best if the best Once it was an old Asian lady  no problem ringing my beer 95 % of the time I don't get I'd check well she did not ask for it cool easy right but one my last items..... spray paint. .I'D PLEASE! !!!WTF.
