4	We've been taking our three cats to the Animal Care Hospital for a year now. The staff is wonderful and truly loves animals. Dr. Temple is especially great, and although the hospital offers many tests and expensive maintenance procedures, she understands financial constraints, and is kind enough not to guilt you about passing on the $500 echo-cardiogram. She has little tricks to distract the cats while they are getting their shots and offers a number of over-the-counter and inexpensive solutions to try for minor ailments or bad feline habits. They have an on-line "pet portal" service so you can keep track of your pets' records and when boosters are due. The office is always clean, and they have at least 3 doctors, so you can usually get an appointment pretty quickly as well as bring in pets for emergencies.
5	Great animal hospital, staff is nice and it is always clean.
5	I had to find something to do with my time as I anxiously waited for little Leela wonder puppy to reach the 12 weeks of age required before I could bring her home from the breeder. And since I had already purchased basically every product she could ever need or want, I decided to search for the perfect vet. I researched and interviewed quite a few places before settling on Animal Care Hospital. The fact that it is so close to me was definitely a factor, but I was impressed with this office regardless of location. I wanted to make sure the vet I chose would be a good fit for my Yorkshire Terrier, so I had plenty of questions to ask and Dr. Bishop graciously answered them all. Animal Care Hospital has three practicing DVM's on staff, as well as 4 certified veterinary technicians. All 3 vets are members of the AVMA, AAHA, AzVMA and other organizations. Dr. Bishop is the Hospital Director who started the practice in 1973, Dr. Halver has been there since 1981 and Dr. Temple has been here since 2006. They use isofluorane gas anesthesia, which is the safest anesthesia, especially for toy breeds. They also have extensive monitoring equipment is in place during surgery, including EKG, pulse oximeters, respiratory rate, CO2 monitors and equipment to maintain core body temperature. Since almost every dog will be put under at least once to be fixed, it is good to know that they monitor vitals so closely. For routine appointments, they schedule a full 30 minutes. Many of the vet offices I spoke to scheduled as few as 10 minutes, or maybe 15, not enough time in my opinion to really get acquainted with me or my dog, or to ask any questions or share concerns. This may seem silly, but the amount of time the vet spends with each animal can make a big difference in their health. The vet I saw , Dr. Temple, was flexible. When I asked to deviate from the standard puppy vaccination plan and follow the veterinary protocol recommended by my breeder (a yorkie lover with 20 years experience breeding show and pet yorkies), she was accommodating and even excused herself to go print some info to re-familiarize herself with this particular protocol and permanently place it in Leela's file.
5	I recently got my little baby pug Penny from a private breeder, so I wanted to take her to a vet and get her checked out. Animal Care Hospital was close to my house, so I figured I would give it a try. They were able to see me SAME DAY, which was an awesome treat. I was afraid I would have to wait several days for my new puppy exam and the medical guarantee from the breeder was only good for one week.Anyways, the vets office was conveniently located, the office is clean, the staff is friendly and everyone was in love with Penny. (it's hard not to be.. I know I am a proud mommy, but she really is adorable!)I sat down and filled out my paperwork and they took me back right away. The vet, Dr. Temple, was extremely friendly and thorough and answered all my questions. I signed up for the "puppy package" that basically takes you through all of the shots they need for the first few months, wellness exams, fecal test and a microchip and also includes a start up of heartworm preventer.Penny had her second set of shots the day prior when I purchased her from the breeder, but for some reason Dr. Temple gave her another set. She told me there was nothing to worry about but they didn't charge me, so I think she may have made a mistake. Penny was fine and she told me that it would not cause any problems, but I'm glad that she didn't make a mistake on something life threatening. (This is the only reason I am not giving ACHS five stars.)We went back three weeks later for our third set of shots and got in immediately. They were quick, friendly and efficient again and able to provide me with some suggestions on how to curb Miss Penny's biting habits.The only issues I have encountered were with the billing. I think that the puppy package confuses the billing girls a little, because both times I went in they had to make adjustments. Not a big deal, they took care of everything and refunded the incorrect amount immediately, I just hope it doesn't keep happening.Oh, another really cool feature is that your pet gets a login and you can keep track of service records through the vet. They have some cool features on the website where you can fill out forms for someone babysitting your pet and you can post pictures and put in information about the diet. I know I lose papers all the time, so its great to have all of Penny's records online where I can easily access them.They have awesome hours... so I can get in after work, and the location is convenient for me. They also sell different types of food and hygiene supplies there, so you can pick up stuff for your animal should you need to.I would definitely recommend this Vet's office to anyone. Knowledgeable and Friendly staff!
5	We recently adopted a little Maltese/Terrier mix from a rescue and brought her here to get her all checked out. Dr. Temple, Diana, and Lisa were all wonderful. Clementine doesn't do too well with strangers right now and everyone was so patient and kind. Dr. Temple and Diana even sat down on the floor in the examination room to spend some time with her. Unfortunately, we had to put a little muzzle on her so that she could get her exam, but Dr. Temple and Diana brought her back into another room for a shot and a blood test and Clementine was brought back into the waiting area without her muzzle and wagging her tail.
5	I've been going to ACH for almost 12 years.  They've celebrated with me when new additions come to our house, and mourned with me on the passing of one of my fur-kids.  Dr. Halver is wonderful.  He's low key, has a fabulous rapport with every animal I've taken in, and approaches any potential issues with a calm and reassuring manner.  He gives good advice and respects my wishes and decisions.I recommend ACH highly.  My animals are my children, so I take the issue of their care very seriously.  And so does ACH...
5	Dr Halver here at Animal Care Hospital is most highly recommended.   He is knowledgeable, compassionate, and reliable.   After moving to Phoenix several years ago, I had been to several vets searching for the right fit, and I've stopped looking any further.   The facility at Animal Care Hospital is clean, their staff is friendly and professional, and the overall experience is very positive.  My dog was recently ill and Dr Halver made an excellent referral to a neurologist as well.  Unfortunately, the outcome was not good, but Dr Halver called after my dog's early call to heaven to follow up and express his sympathy.
4	I have been taking my pets to Animal Care Hospital (and primarily to Dr. Bishop) since 2005, and have always been very pleased with their treatment of my pets.  Generally, the veterinarians offer various treatment choices, so you can choose between conservative versus more aggressive treatment approaches.  The veterinarians are available via e-mail on an online patient portal and are responsive to messages left either via e-mail or over the phone.  Finally, the staff is very friendly.  I recommend them to everyone looking for a veterinarian for their pet(s).
1	I took my baby here based on reviews.  Well, it just goes to show that Yelp doesn't always work.  I gave my girl some med's. and she was having side effects ( loss of appetitite, diarrhea, lethargy), also she was bowled over by a larger puppy at the dog park and seemed sore.  The amazingly pompous Dr. Bishop ignored all of my concerns.  Instead (yet again, he's the SIXTH vet who's done this) he started hammering on about her cough and how it means she's in heart failure.  Is she on med's.?  No, but she had an echo cardiogram less than a year ago and she doesn't need med's.  I again voiced the concerns I came in about.  He said he knows nothing about the med's. I gave my dog (Really?  Corticosteroids, and a vet knows nothing about THAT?).   He didn't care about her symptoms and dismissed them other than "feed her rice and beef or chicken for now".  Then went on about how he NEEDS to run a battery of tests on her and take numerous X-ray's of her.  I said "No", he will not do that, I only allow trusted specialists, i.e. a heart specialist to do that, since reg. vet's tend to be wrong (SIX of them in my experience so far).  He got snippy and said he'd send me to a specialist he knows. Yeah, right.  Again, he wanted to run tests on her to see if she could handle his (extremely outdated) treatments WHEN (not IF) HIS specialist finds problems with her heart.  I told him she already had blood tests, etc. four months ago.  NO, they must have them done again.  Money grubber, anyone?  Then, he said she has blood in her eye and pointed to the WHITE film over it as proof.  I said nothing but I had her eyes examined only FOUR days before going to him, and the WHITE FILM IS A CATARACT. In addition, he never really noticed her, or looked her over, and was very unfriendly and cold toward her.  Even to the point that even though this frail, frightened, blind and tiny girl almost fell off his table while right next to him, he didn't bat an eye.  Couldn't be bothered with holding her or catching her.  Luckily his much nicer tech. did.  I can only imagine the office got friends and family to write good reviews.  He is now in my top three list of the worse vets I ever encountered.  Hey, if a vet doesn't even listen to why you're actually there, and doesn't know about the side effects of a common drug, what good can you say?  Also, tip to pet parents, he's also the third vet I've encountered who has a question on the form you fill out, that basically asks how much money you're willing to spend on your pet.  Wanna bet that's the first thing they look at?  Every vet I've encountered who has this question ended up being a rip off.  From now on I'll run out of the office as soon as I see that question.
1	I flagged the "doctors" reply.  It is filled with lies, as it would be.  I have nothing to gain by making false statements.  He has $$$$$  to lose if people heed my warning and avoid his practice.  I have proof from THREE other vets that his diagnosis was WRONG.  If my dog had blood in her eye, it would be there the next day, too.  I took her to a chiropractic  vet in AZ the next day.  After adjusting her, he looked in her eye with an instrument.  NO BLOOD.  Plus, Bishop  did not bother to look at my dog, or check her over in any way.  NOTHING.  NADA.   He just announced very DIRE supposed concerns that required IMMEDIATE and EXPENSIVE procedures in HIS OFFICE, without any initial exam, or even listening to me about her history. All of this based on the fact that she was coughing.  He completely ignored my every word.  It is true she was knocked by a bigger (not huge, about 10 lb.) dog.  Yet he ignored that, until his rebuttal now.  He did not look at her little back or legs, etc., to see if they were sore or bruised,.  After I took her to the chiropractor in AZ (who sadly isn't on Yelp, as he is expensive but SUPERB and worth every penny) she was much better.  I also was concerned about the Flovent she was on and the Dr. in CA (who also checked her eye WITH AN INSTRUMENT unlike Bishop) said she was having a reaction to it.  In Fact, Bishop said he knows NOTHING about Flovent and then ignored my concern about it.  So it's odd he brings it up now.  He just kept yelling how she's obviously in heart failure.    It nauseates me that some vets do this to loving pet parents, esp. when their baby is getting older and they get more concerned.  But as I said, as a rescuer, I'm a pro at this by now, and know when I'm being given a grotesque sales pitch.   I give good reviews when they're warranted.  I have NO reason not to. BTW, I'd been to the office of the "specialist" he was going to refer me to (read my review on the Vet. Specialists in Gilbert).  NO THANKS.  And the other "specialist"  was at another office I'd been to.  They wanted to put my dog UNDER (yes, anesthesia) to take a STICKER out of her leg.  What?  "Well, because poking with a needle, to pop it out hurts".  Oh, so when you give a shot to a dog, you put them under for that, too?  Obviously birds of a feather stick together.
4	I love my dog, and as such I'd like it if he didn't die soon.  Unfortunately for him the things that will keep him healthy are usually the things that terrify the bejeezus out of him.  I need a vet with a deft hand and a kindly bed (or table?) side manner.  I found this at Animal Care Hospital.Both the vet and the tech were very professional and friendly.  The vaccinations went fast, with nary a flinch from my poor little pup.  All in all it was a good experience.
3	After getting fed up with our other vet, we tried this place when our pup needed to have a pretty bad cut (but one that had stopped bleeding) taken care of.  The other place refused to do anything but full-scale sedated surgery; this place offered (reluctantly) other options.  When I asked what the downsides of alternatives to stitches might be, they said he might develop slight scarring.Our dog is no show dog.  I figured that we would save the extra $400 stitches for a real emergency.  A week or two later, our guy was back to his usual antics without so much as a limp (or a scar, incidentally).I thought I may have found a vet in Phoenix who was willing to talk about pets like what they are - well-beloved animals.  Then I came back when our dog had a really high fever.  He'd recently had ticks, so I was concerned that it could be tick fever, which I know can act really quickly.Here's how the exchange went down, more or less:Me:  He's got a fever and has been lethargic this morning.  He recently had ticks.Doc: Well, it is probably Disease A, which will be cured by the end of the day with these antibiotics.Me: Oh, great!Doc: ...but it COULD be Valley Fever, in which case we need to do a blood test that will cost about $100.Me: Ok, does he have any other symptoms indicating it could be Valley Fever?Doc: No.Me:  Then why don't we treat the likely culprit, and if he hasn't gotten better in 24 hours we'll run the other test?Doc: Sir, if we don't test for Valley Fever, your dog could be dead by tomorrow morning.  DEAD BY TOMORROW.  But if you don't want to test, feel free to go against my recommendation.Me:  Er... okay.So, the good news is that our little guy was hale and hearty again by evening.  The antibiotics prescribed worked like a charm.  The bad news is that the test results the doctor ordered didn't come back for 5 days.Let me stress that - "He needs this test, or he could die tomorrow."  The results came back 5 days later.  I asked if this was an irregular amount of time for the test to come back and was informed that it was not.  Either the doctor was exaggerating the seriousness of the potential illness or the test info really needs to be turned around quicker.I am giving this place 3 stars because they will offer treatment options beyond the most expensive.  Plus, they actually keep their appointment times, which seems to be a gold standard for Phoenix vets.  They also don't charge a ludicrous "exam fee" every time they see your dog because they put him on a scale.
5	Dexter woke me up on Sunday at 5:30 am. Now, that may not seem like a big deal, but this dog LOVES bedtime and gets extremely lazy once he snuggles under the covers. I knew something was up. Diarrhea. Ugh. Puking. Ugh. I waited 2 days, then decided it was time to take him in to be checked out.The staff was pleasant on the phone and made sure to let me know I'd have to arrive 15 minutes early to fill out paperwork. They checked me in right away and I got to work. The room opened up quickly, so I finished my paperwork in there. Twice an assistant came in to check on Dexter and ask some basic questions.The vet, Dr. Bishop, was very personable. He set my mind at ease right away. As he finished he said "He's a very good dog." Aw!! I know this, and my friends know this, but I like everyone knowing what a great dog he is.He got a shot, some meds to bring home, and cans of food for the next few days. The entire office visit was just over $100. After some of the other places I've been, this was a welcome relief.It looks like the ghetto from outside, but don't be alarmed. Everyone there was great. I'm already taking him back next week for his yearly shots.
5	I love Animal Care Hospital. We have two cats and a dog, and they've provided excellent care for all three. One of our cats has been boarded there a few times and I appreciate that I can trust them to take good care of him. The dog has gone there after spending the night at the emergency vet and the difference is stark--Animal Care Hospital always makes sure to ease our fears about whatever is going on with our animals and doesn't cost an arm and a leg. Well, except for the time the dog got his teeth cleaned and one broken tooth pulled, that cost more than our rent. But still, they did a great job and they made sure that the dog, who is considered senior at age 7, was screened for any complications and I like that they use anesthesia that is considered more safe. (Sorry, I don't really know much about it but they have info in their office about it.)I do have a pretty strong preference for Dr. Temple vs. Dr. Halver, although they're both wonderful. I think find Dr. Temple to be more engaged and she's extremely willing to answer every single question I have, whereas Dr. Halver isn't always as thorough with my questions. Then again, I ask a ton of questions and he's always provided excellent care, so I wouldn't hesitate to recommend him to friends.Dr. Temple is also a relaxed person, and she's willing to explore all the possibilities and be up front about how much things are going to cost and what's necessary and what can wait until the cheaper treatment option is given a chance to work. My only negative is that I have to agree with a previous review about them pushing the expensive Valley Fever test, that's happened to us too and I really don't think it was necessary since the dog didn't have many, if any, symptoms of having it. They didn't use extreme scare tactics but there was some guilt-tripping going on, but for all I know they're just hyper-aware of the perils of dogs getting Valley Fever. I'll give them the benefit of the doubt. One huge bonus for me is that Joyce, who is almost always the one to answer the phones and make our appointments, is incredibly competent and always puts me in a good mood. She seriously makes my day whenever we go in because she does her job well and treats everyone with such respect, and she's as good with animals as she is with people.
5	My husband and I just adopted a new puppy (Oscar!) from a rescue and decided to get a wellness exam on him just to make sure he was healthy.I used Yelp to find a location as I am new to Phoenix and was not sure about other recommendations. This clinic exceeded by expectations. My biggest compliment is efficiency and being timely. Oscar and I were brought back within 5 minutes of our appointment time- better than some human clinics! The tech was thorough and took care of my baby. I felt very comfortable and I know Oscar did too. The vet came in right away and did a full exam. He answered all my questions and made good recommendations for his care. I did not feel pressured to purchase anything but because they were so informative I got a few extra services I wasn't originally planning on getting. All in all, I will be bringing my pup back in the future!
1	I live in the central phoenix area and this was the best reviewed office around so i decided to give them a shot. My 5mo old puppy had a bit of nasal discharge this morning and after reading up about it online, i decided to seek a professional opinion. This clinic opens at 7am, I called around 7:15 am and got through to their messaging service. The friendly operator said someone will get back with me shortly. An our and a half later, still no call so I brought my puppy in. The front desk and staff were very friendly and let me use a room to wait in due to the condition of my pup. The vet came to see me after 45 minutes of waiting and was surprisingly uninformational, took the pups temperature took a look at him and said "well it could be anything really".I honestly got more information from reading webmd than from going to see Dr. Halver. He prescribed my pup $66 antibiotics and $45 nasal drops on top of a $57 exam fee. I would say comparatively this place is very expensive and I did not feel important to the doctor there. Will not be visiting this clinic again.
5	I love my pets doctors and staff this animal care hospital is wonderful caring employees kind loving with my pets . I told some of the best girls ever at the Starbucks next door they mentioned my name and the hospital gave them their exam for free with my referral I was shocked when I heard that pleasantly surprised and with that news I will be giving more referrals .  I use this hospital for all my pets and my sons dog too they really are caring when my cat Roenick got hurt and attacked by a dog they were great and very kind and loving with me too as a pet owner . So yes I will say that my pets vet/doctors/ staff are amazing and affordable Thank you all at animal care hospital you are wonderful
1	It's upsetting booking an apt and being told one price for an exam and then being told in person that it's actually double. Because I have a lizard. They knew I had a lizard when I booked my apt but failed to communicate the correct price.  Then Melissa had the nerve to tell me in a snotty tone that I was free to pursue "MORE AFFORDABLE" treatment for my pet and then call me "rude" for sitting in their office and calling the vets near by to see if they had any openings left for today.  And "wasting their time"..... I think it's the other way around. When actually it was a wast of my time because I was lied to on the phone and cancelled my other appointment that I was no longer able to get back. Horrible customer service.  I will not be recommending or coming back.
