2	The prices are definitely for The Boulders crowd (very expensive). The simplest burgers are $10.00 and most are around $15.00. Well the burgers got there fast and were good. But I question the over $30.00 for two burgers....and that was without drinks!! I am pretty sure my waitress was more concerned about socializing than doing her job. We were 1 of 6 parties there and there were 2 waitresses and one guy behind the bar with 1 hostess.
1	Tried to use a gift card purchased from the Blue Burger in Peoria as a gift. The owner would not accept it and the manager felt bad and offered us a desert.  It was disappointing how they handled this situation. I don't plan on coming back but to the one in Peoria so we can use the gift card.
5	Yes, the burgers aren't cheap, but it's the best burger around.  The only better burger I've had is The Counter in LA.   BBG makes your burger as you ordered it, and offers a great selection of toppings.  Fries are even included in the price!  I always stop by when I'm in town visiting relatives.
5	I've been a customer at the Blue Burger restaurant at the Summit for years now. I go there over and over primarily for the quality and consistently excellent preparation of the food. It has an excellent cooking and serving staff. Santos the chef and Collette the server are great! May I say that everyone who works at B.B. is excellent. It has a superior wine bar, and Jude (B.B. manager) is an expert in that area. They have great wine specials, as well. It's not just burgers, but soups, salads and pasta dishes are also on the menu. My favorite is a caesar salad and a turkey burger. Great location, lots of parking and reasonable prices make Blue Burger at the Summit a great choice for lunch or dinner. Russ C., Carefree, AZ.
5	Food was really good. One of the best turkey burgers ever. The only thing lacking is ambiance in the restaurant. Very brightly lit and stark and not a warm, inviting feeling. It has only been open a few weeks, so our hope is that something is in the works to change!!!  Definitely will go back!!!
4	Very good burger joint! Service was good and food came out pretty fast. Patio seating was decent but the tables were a little too close to each other. The food was spectacular! Went with my girlfriend and we both built our own burger. I got an angus beef burger and she went for the turkey burger. The selection is nice for building your burger, there are lots of different cheeses, toppings and sauces to choose from. We both thoroughly enjoyed our burger. The sweet potato fries were delicious and zucchini fries were even better! Overall, very impressed and would definitely come back!
5	Been watching this place under construction and I am not disappointed. Had a turkey burger on whole wheat, swiss, tomatoes, dill pickle, chopped garlic with chipotle mayo.....yummy!! For sure try this place, prices are reasonable.
4	We decided to give this place a try with friends tonight, and it was tasty!  It's a choose-your-own-adventure food place, with a nice variety of ingredients, friendly service and a cute atmosphere.You choose a bun, "meat" (they have lots of meats, but also salmon, veggie patty and portabello mushroom), cheese, toppings and sauce.  They also provide a side with the meal, which is really nice.I had the portabello mushroom  in a whole wheat bun with goat cheese, spinach, tomato, avocado (slight upcharge) and BBQ sauce, and it was delicious!  Feel free to get exactly the same thing - you'll be glad you did.My husband ordered the veggie burger with buffalo sauce, goat cheese, pickles and some other veggies.  I stole a bite, so I can tell you the veggie patty was clearly homemade and very smooth and flavorful.  I got the skinny fries (good but not outstanding), but my husband's sweet potato fries were really tasty (I swear I let him eat most of his meal).  Our friends really enjoyed their meal, too.  They took advantage of the gluten free bun option (so great to have that available) and chose  zucchini fries, which were thick and soft in the middle with crunchy breading - pretty interesting and tasty.Overall, a nice experience.  We'll definitely be back!
5	Burgers and all the components are amazing! Cole slaw, fries, excellent. Staff very friendly and most of all, a dog friendly establishment! Two Waiter's offered water to my dog.
4	We come here ofter, I don't recommend the bison burger but I can highly recommend the turkey and the angus burgers. I get worried they won't last long since it never seems real busy but the veggies are fresh, the have a great balsamic as well as special sauces. All wonderful with a good beer. Cheers
5	This place is hands down the best burger place in town . My husband got kolbe and said he really couldn't tell the difference in the taste between that and the angus . It is so tasty .. The only thing I didn't really care for was loud led zeppelin blaring but other than that great service and great food .
5	Wow. These burgers are great. Ambiance needs help. ( dimer lighting, sunscreens in windows.) Service was great. Bob was our server. He was great also.. Go to this little burger place. You won't be unsatisfied...
4	Tried it for the first time Saturday, had a great time, sat outside. The burger was phenomenal. I had the "build your own" w/ green chile, carmelized onions wheat bun and the works - could not have asked for a better burger. I chose the regular meat, no upgrade, but it was great. The zuch fries are ok but the green bean fries are amazing. Dipped them in the chipotle mayo. I would give 5 stars but their normal fries were actually pretty average, but that is minor. It was all about the burger and I was happily satisfied.
4	We were totally bummed when we missed happy hour by just a few minutes, but this place was still a winner.  Happy hour ends at 6pm BTW.  I was impressed with the craft beer selection here.  I had a firestone DBA Amber and my hubby had a Founder's brew.  We both built our own burgers, and with the help of the server, decided not to go with Kobe beef.  She said Kobe is the best if you like your burger medium rare.  I don't like my burger moo-ing at me, so I went with regular sirloin, which was still totally tender and juicy.  I love the range of topping for the burgers and especially the many different sauce choices since I am a true sauce junkie.  The also have the choice of a buffalo burger (although it is the most expensive of them all) which is a good healthier option.  We both got side salads with our burgers and they were huge and were more than just lettuce, which made me happy.
5	Best burgers in town. Try the Bison or Kobe. Great service too. Bob was our server. A true professional. Everything was excellent. Sweet potato fries were also awesome...You wont be leaving hungry. Huge burgers and very tasty!
5	One of the best burger places with a wide variety of heart healthy burgers and an additional selection of other items on there menu. I was impressed by the good quality service, even when the resturant was full, they managed to keep our drinks filled and our orders came promptly.
5	I've been to this place twice and both times I had yummy burgers. The skinny fries and Cole slaw are great, the slaw is made fresh. They also have custom made burgers which is great. Definitely a must for burger lovers.
5	I keep on coming back here. This is our 'let's go grab a burger' place. Best burgers in Arizona...easily. And they use healthier meats.(personally I believe this is why the burgers taste better) Again best burger place !! I'll keep on going back for the grass fed burger and sweet potato fries.
3	Very good food but be prepared for sticker shock.  Pending on the type of burger you get, it will range from $15 to $20.  Granted they do have options like Bison and Kobe Beef, but the food here is pricey...for a burger.  Our service was great.  The burgers were cooked well and tasted very good, but they aren't the absolute best we have ever had.  The atmosphere was interesting.  There seems to be a good wine selection, and some gelato to choose from too.  Bar appeared to be well stocked. If you are truly a burger connoisseur in search of some Scottsdale based options, I would recommend Hopdoddy or Paradise Valley Burger first.  By no means am I saying to avoid this place...it is good food. But if you are in search of the best burger, there are other options out there.
5	First time diner here and I got this to go...to say I was pleasantly surprised would be an understatement because it was delicious.  Turkey burgers are ways hit or miss, but this one was yummy and as juicy as can be.  Fries and onion rings still fresh and crispy...plus very decent portions of sauce on the side. And the bartender, Jake, was so nice that next time I go back, I'll eat in and have a drink with my dinner.
1	I was only able to order a drink. After delivering the drink the waiter never came back to take my order. I sat for 20 minutes before leaving. When I left he was apologetic, which is why I'm giving this review 1 star instead of zero.
3	I was very disappointed with the service here, the staff was unfriendly, and didn't even acknowledge us when we first walked in because they were too busy watching tv.  The burgers were awesome however.
4	The burgers here are large and really good. Love the sweet potato fries, too. Now that Indulge Burger is gone, this place has stepped up for a build your own burger, which I think is reasonably priced, since it comes with a side. I guess if you want to go fancy, some of the burgers are pricey, but I'm happy with the selection you get to choose from. My only complaint is that while the servers are friendly enough, the service can be a bit lacking. We waited a long time to get our order taken last time with one poor girl trying to take all the orders (and get them right) while two other guys weren't doing much of anything other than sporadically deliver food. I don't know who designed the restaurant. I get why it's painted blue, but it's gotta be the coldest, most depressing shade of blue I've ever seen. If I were the owners, I'd change the color, even though I know it's pretty new. Maybe some art or something other than what they've got would help. But I'm there for the good burgers, so I'll just close my eyes and eat!
4	Groupon brought us in, good food brings us back. Order one of their signature burgers, or build your own. We've done both. The signature Blu Burger came exactly as described, and cooked to perfection (medium). The onion bun was fresh and the side of onion rings were great. To build your own, select your burger (beef, turkey, bison, chicken, veggie, salmon, Portobello....), select the bun (you can even get a lettuce wrap), cheese, toppings, sauces and any specialty ingredients (egg, guacamole, ham....). I highly recommend the Kobe beef; it was so flavorful and that will probably be a go-to selection in the future. Must say I'm not overly impressed with the sweet potato fries, though. Hard to find good sweet potato fries it seems. They do offer salads and sandwiches, but if they have "burger" in their name, you should at least try a burger. And with all of the options, why wouldn't you?Family owned and operated - gotta love that! Fellow Yelpers, let's do our part to support family owned businesses! All in all, good food, nice staff. I recommend.
5	Excellent place to relax and enjoy a drink and a burger. I like the bison burger and kobe burger. They are also vegan friendly.  Well worth your time and money.
4	love their sweet potatoe fries yummm
