4	Family friendly, lots of classes, clean facility, and a great room for the kids to play while you sweat. The pool facility is a fun place to play all afternoon. (pool's heated year round.)  The kid sitting is free for two hours at a time, you get free workout towels, and there are fitness instructors always around in case you want to know if you are lifting something the wrong way. There is usually plenty of room on the machines, the ab work section, and free weight section. Classes are rarely over-full as well. Sometimes it can get annoying when a big group of tween boys is using the weight room - it's difficult to tune out their banter. But it IS a family place - so they have just as much right as I do to be there. Also, if you are single, you may not enjoy all the obnoxious momsy-moms crowding the halls discussing the daily challenges of parenthood. It's a little pricey, but a great place for a family to get a workout.Sometimes, it feels a little too much like that movie "Pleasantville", but I'd take it over a meat market disguised as a workout facility any day of the week.  Before this membership, I was at LA Fitness - totally different scene - I am glad I made the move to the YMCA.
3	I must say, i am not a member. I went to this place the other day to find out their prices and I was also interested in enrolling my little 'un for swimming lessons such as Parent and Child swimming lessons. I was given a nice tour of the facility by an awesome lady.But, I really don't understand how people can afford such high prices at the Y. Essspecially in this economy. Anyway, I was told it would be a $24 fee to register and $68 for myself and my little un per month. This would include the baby sitting for up to 2 hours at a time. So the babysitting is not free as another reviewer suggested because it is cheaper if I were to just join for myself. If I wanted to do swimming lessons for little 'un, it would be another $36 per month. I was really impressed with the babysitting area. Very roomy and safe. There were m maybe 8 kids running around when I went there and there were about 4 caretakers in there having fun with them.This Y is in a really nice part of the Foothills. You can see mountains from the glass walls they have all around the Y. The swimming pool is large and they also have a shallow splash about pool, mainly for the kids. I was told they keep the larger swimming pool at around 82 degrees throughout the year and the kiddie pool they keep at around 86 degress. They do give you towels at this Y but I was advised that it would be best to bring my own towel if I am to use the swimming pool because their own towels are small. They have classes every day including Yoga. I went around noon time and there were a lot of people working out at various stations and also in classes and in the swimming pool which led me to wonder, what the heck do they do for work. I saw a fair mixture of young and old at this Y but that would probably vary depending on the time you visited. Anyway, towards the end, after I pressed some more the lady explained that if I were NOT a member, I could still attend the parent child swimming lessons and it would only cost $30 for the annual fee and $46 per month. That was my whole point of wanting to go there anyway and it just sounds cheaper this way. I think the lady was disappointed that I did not join but offered to give me a guest pass when I came back with my friend that I had mentioned who also wants to join. Hmm... watever.
3	I typically workout at Tempe YMCA, but while they had their parking lot redone, I tried out the Ahwatukee YMCA, since it is almost the same distance for me. The facility itself is considerably larger and more modern than Tempe and the staff will certainly mention it to you with no hidden pride. If you like to do cardio, they seem to have enough treadmills, ellipticals and bikes for you and a battalion of other cardio bunnies. All are new and in good condition. There also numerous weight machines, although none are duplicated. The free weights area is rather spacious. The squat rack is not adjustable, so people that are too short, too tall or want to use it for deadlifts or bent over rows are out of luck. Next to free weights area is a small space where 3-4 people can do stretching, yoga or whatever.There are two types of lockers. The ones in the changing area require you to bring your own lock or hope that no one gets into them. There are also very (VERY) small lockers outside where you can put your keys/wallet and the keys are provided. I found the setup a bit inconvenient, as Tempe YMCA provides keys to the lockers in change room. I've only worked out here in the evenings and the results have been quite varying. Overall, the most popular area is the cardio, of course. There are some people in the weight machine area and even less people in free weights area. Tempe Y has considerably more people battling for the bench press, squat rack, etc. Weights are usually decently organized, but at a recent Friday evening workout they were all thrown around at random or stacked in reverse order. Just getting the necessary weights was a workout in itself. Barbell on squat rack frequently disappear and none of the staff so far have been able to help me find it, so I resorted to stealing one from the bench press. Granted, the staff did not know what a barbell is anyway.In the evenings you get a wide range of people working out, from old to high schoolers. Most are polite. Some old perverts (as noted by another poster) are also around, so beware. As expected, they are cowards and getting them to stop is not an issue if you catch them. Weight machines are frequently occupied by  women that spend more time talking to each other than actually doing anything. I've seen two women spending 15 minutes between two of them to do 20 reps on one machine.I'd give more stars if the weights were better organized and if some of the people were more aware of the fact that other people use machines as well. Tempe YMCA has considerably more people using weights, yet it is not any worse in being organized. Still, I will be coming back to Ahwatukee from time to time just to enjoy working out among the native Ahwatukeans.Addition: Recently noticed that a bunch of 19-23 year olds have a tendency to wear t-shirts with "cut-off" sleeves. And by "cut-off" I mean missing entirely all the way to their trunks. None of them ever use towels either, so you get to enjoy their sweat on the benches while admiring their baby fat tires that betray their overdeveloped arms. YMCA does have a dress code, but I am pretty sure that no one gives a rats tail. So bring your own towel, may be even two and be ready to see more exposed nipples in the gym than in the pool.
4	So ended up taking the parent child swimming classes this month and they worked out great. There is a lot of repetition of the same moves and the instructor made it clear when we started the class that the YMCA swim classes should not be taken over and over but instead you learn your moves and techniques and then practice it with your child. Make sure and have a non-disposable diaper on your kid if you want to go to the swimming pool. They do not like the huggies swimmers diapers in the pool.
5	This review is specifically for Melanie's Zumba Class.The class is the most fun I have ever had working out. Women are shaking their butts, the classes are always full and everyone is having a great time. If Melanie ever leaves, I will cancel my membership!
5	I think it had been about 36 years since I had set foot in a YMCA before I joined this branch last Summer. I didn't remember much about the last time other than tile--lots and lots of blue tile. Oh, and feeling like I was almost drowning. My early swimming experiences weren't pleasant. So, I was a bit dubious when my sister suggested I join and talked about the place as though it were a palace of some kind. Hell, it's a YMCA . . . you know . . . . ewww . . . Well, this location in Ahwatukee is not quite a palace, but as gyms go it's pretty damn close. Just working out today I noticed that although the construction materials are just about what you'd find in a warehouse, the design makes the main gym hall feel like human space. That must be hard to do with a gym since so many other designs get it wrong. A lot of thought and inspiration went into the architecture here, and it shows.The heated beach-entry pool has totally entranced my little 4-year-old, as has the active water sculpture-thing in the pool, which he can activate all by himself just by pushing a button.There are not only dressing rooms for each gender set up with direct access to the pool, but one set aside for families. That one also has its own access to the pool area.The machines are up-to-date and kept in good repair. This location uses the FixLinxx tracking system I've talked about elsewhere. There's a dedicated spinning room and a separate set of the simple "grampy-style" weight machines (at least that's what I call them).Help is friendly and plentiful, and in joining you get a fitness consultation that actually seems to be cluefull. The trainers and employees manage to treat people as adults and not as children or draft inductees. Both hand and bath towels are provided free of charge.The childcare area is palatial as well, with plenty of toys and places to climb. The hours of coverage are ample. The girls and women who watch the kids actually act as though they enjoy their work.And the atmosphere is a relief in that it's family- (and not douchebag- or creepazoid- ) centered. That's not to offend any douchebags or creepazoids out there. I'm sure there are places for you, too. In fact, I know there are. The crowd is neither very young nor very old, and no one seems to be intent upon laddering-up to the top of the gym social order.About the only drawback to this place is that there are no benches in the locker rooms. Oh, and it can also get quite crowded at prime times, though not as badly as the LA Fitness location I also use.It's definitely one of the better values in gyms in the area, and that's not even taking into account the opportunities for kid's sports and swim lessons, etc.
2	My husband and I have been members of the Ahwatukee Y for many years and this month we were charged an additional $20 with no notice of the increase or further information.  I tried to get pricing on the internet for the  valley Y's, but it is not available.  So I called the general information number and was told the price increased to $75 in this demographic area. Each Y charges a different price and now you have to pay a premium to go to another Y in the valley (at least that is what I was told!).  In the past we have supported the Y by donating to them through the Valley of the Sun United Way, etc. but I think this is unfair marketing tactics depending on who you talk to on the phone.  One woman even said I had to belong to the one nearest my house even if I wanted to go to one near a place of employment! I called the Tempe Y and they said their price is $80 for two people, but my friends in Mesa pay $38.  I think the Phoenix YMCA needs to simplify their marketing techniques and make it fair for those on fixed incomes, with no families, no need for the pools, no need for classes, rock wall etc.  All we want to do is use the treadmill a couple times a week.  I am ready to quit, but my husband wants to continue, so we will see.....
4	Overall this is a very nice facility and a great place to work out.The people are very friendly, from the staff to the people that work out there. I've never had an issue with anyone being rude or inconsiderate. The equipment is up-to-date and generally in very good working order. I go 3 times a week and I rarely see a machine out of order for more than a few days before it gets fixed. They have tons of classes that are included in your membership. Yoga, zumba, spin, step training, all kinds of other crazy stuff I don't know about, but it's there if you want it.At peak times there can be a bit of jockeying for the latest and greatest equipment, but generally it's not an issue. They recently sent out a notice that they are upgrading and adding more machines, so they are definitely keeping up with demand. The only real issue that annoys me is that a lot of the people using the circuit weight machines ignore the signs asking that you vacate the machine while you are resting between sets. Some people will sit there for 5-10 minutes or longer between sets, which is inconvenient if you are working your way through the circuit. I don't blame the YMCA for this--all you can do is put up signs and hope people will be considerate.
5	Favorite: Badminton on Sundays from 1:00pm to 5:00pm. This place has really grown on me. It has taken a little getting used to but it is amazing how much they do for the community. Good pool. Really good group workouts. The equipment is all working and in good condition. During the summer they have an amazing amount of activities for all kids, not just for the summer camp kids. The summer camps look great.
4	One of the nicest YMCA locations in the Valley! This is the one I joined at. Lots of memories here of getting murdered 10 times over by my throwing coach as a young teen. Clean facility, generally positive atmosphere. Staff is always friendly staff (Mary, Christine, Jill, Julyen, Peggy, know someone's missing), fantastic group fitness classes. Up to date equipment and plenty of it. As with most "normal people" gyms, only one squat rack so if you actually bother to work out your legs / whole body, be ready to contend with some clown doing bicep curls on it. Major points for having kettlebells! Great place to people watch too. Top heavy bros lifting and Ahwatukee housewives giving you the death glare for daring to lift more than five pounds over your head. Oh yeah! I said it. Pick up some weights, damnit. It's all fun. :) I'm not a parent, but some of my friends are, and they say the Childcare facility and staff is as top-notch as it gets for what this place is. I do know growing up, my Mom was OK with leaving my youngest brother there and he always had fun. They also run seasonal camps. If you're thinking about joining, just do it!  It's in a great location, and if you're looking to go to the gym only without all the frills of haircuts, smoothies/coffee, massages, other unnecessary amenities, you really can't beat the monthly price. I truly miss this place since I've moved, and always make it a point to come back and get a workout in if I'm in the neighborhood.
5	My entire family are in and out of this building throughout the week. Staff is friendly and inviting. Ahwatukee is very lucky to have such a great facility at their disposal. A great place to work out, swim , climb a rock wall etc. the kids love it ! The wife loves it ! I love it ! Enough said.
5	Love our family YMCA, the new teen center is also very cool since they have Pac Man, the original. Yes, I move kids out of the way to play LOL
5	The teen center and kids classes are perfect for summer play for the twins, plus the rock wall
