4	I would like to say that I am a repeat car rental subscriber whenever I feel the urge to take a loooong roadtrip across state lines. The Enterprise rental place I tend to frequent is the location closest to home at Alma School and Germann in the Cobblestone complex. The personnel at this place are quite friendly, and always willing to bend over backwards to ensure you get the car you're asking for. At times they can be particularly busy due to the high influx of customers renting and returning cars, regardless of how busy they are they still treat the customer with a smile and a can do attitude hence this is why I prefer this Enterprise. Oh and while you wait there's a Dunkin Donuts closeby as well as a kick ass convenience store!
2	The past two times I rented from this location, I was given real clunkers. First was a PT Cruiser that crawled up hills and sounded out-of-breath on highways. The second was a Pontiac G5 with a broken passenger-side window motor, stains on the seat and 33,000 miles on it.And give yourself plenty of time to pick up and drop off your vehicle, because you'll need it. Dropping off that Pontiac took 35 minutes because only one person was staffing the counter.But that one person was Kyle, and Kyle is awesome. I watched him handle a long line of customers alone, including such problems as a guy who wanted a car big enough to fit his mom's wheelchair but low enough her her to climb into. And the customer passed on the first five vehicles Kyle offered. When he finally got to me, Kyle apologized, was very honest and even offered me a discount for the poor service and vehicle I'd endured. I'm writing Enterprise to let the rental company know it has a real gem on its staff.
5	Very friendly and knowledgeable staff. Very nice cars. I was lucky to have a brand new SUV with SiriusXM. Highly recommended.
3	This is a very small outlet attached to the Cobblestone car wash.  The staff is friendly and efficient.  They didn't have my specified vehicle, so I got a free upgrade (which means bigger, worse fuel economy).  But it worked out OK.One complaint I have is that they don't give you the vehicle full.  It's so much easier to get the vehicle full and return it full.  I hate the guessing-game of "how many gallons to make it 3/4 like they gave it to me".  And the "return it empty" is even worse...you want to get as close to empty as possible without actually running out.  Another guessing game.  I wish they'd stop that.  I'd give a fourth star if they'd at least give the full-tank option.
5	This enterprise has been great. I went in needing a monthly rental and was upgraded as well. I have been able to keep this car going on my third month now. I almost feel its mine. Have had no problems and the staff is very accommodating and friendly.Thank you,Frank
5	I have rented from this location several times and they are always very nice and accommodating. Get a full tank of gas and never any problems. Kelsea's the best!!
5	Competitive rates, no hassles, and they get you in and out quickly for pickups and returns. If you need to extend your rental, no problem, just give them a call. I've rented cars through Enterprise at various locations throughout the country, but this one has so far been the best.
1	Horrible experience today.  Went to pick up car away from airport thinking that it would be easier.  Jim at the front counter made sure that wasn't the case.  After checking in at our noon appointment, I was told that the car would ready in 15 minutes and to just take a seat by the car wash.  30 min later I went to check on it, he said that it wasn't ready yet.  He then went over to the car wash, looked around and walked back to the office. Never said a word to me, and then disappeared.  30 min later, I went back and he said it was almost ready. 15 min later he came and told me that it was ready and to just go outside and grab it.  I tried that but was told that but someone came running outside waving their arms and said I wasnt done with paperwork.  Jim had to be pulled away from filling his Big Gulp (not joking) to figure out what was going on.  Finally almost 90 min later I had my car.  Will never rent at this location again. Sad part is, my employer uses them exclusively for our rental car needs.  I work for a top 5 insurance company in the nation.  May have to work on that.
