4	The food was great. There were few little bones, but for the price I couldn't complain. Also, the people were nice.
4	$7.99 for a delicious buffet is a great deal.  I don't know the names of the dishes on the buffet but every dish I ate was yummy, except for some bitter tasting fish stew type dish.  Until eating here I never knew how delicious crispy fish skin could be.  Their soda machine wasn't working but they had canned sodas so all was good.  It is a bit confusing when you walk in because the cash register is partially hidden over halfway into the restaurant.  All in all I enjoyed my experience here and will be back.
4	Good Filipino food.My new place to eat.
4	This place is located near the cross streets of st.rose and eastern right next to subways.Price: $7.99 for buffet! A STEAL FOR SURE.Service: Meh, it could definitely be alot better. They're pretty slow, whenever a customer finishes eating they don't usually clean up the table until a couple minutes earlier or until you point it out. Everything is pretty much do it yourself, don't expect anyone to come by and refill your glass, there's a pitcher in the back and you refill it there.Food: There is no end to the variety of food they have!!!! I've been to this place twice and they always have different things which is a plus in book. Pancit, sigsig, kaldereta, soup, turon, fried rice, and lechon are just a few of the selection they carry.Ambiance: The place is somewhat crowded, if you come when all the tables are full you'll just have to wait until a group leaves. The first time I went the a/c and debit/credit machine weren't up, but they both seem to be working now. I'll definitely be back here, it's a pretty good place if you're hanging out with a friend and want to go to a cheap place to eat and talk.
4	awesome deal for a good filipino buffet!  I haven't been to the one near Goldilocks on Maryland  yet, but this is one of the better places for filipino food in Vegas.  I took my mom here and she liked it.  The only bad thing I have to say about it is that I wish there were more variety of dishes, most seem to be just pork.  I would love some Kare Kare too! :)
4	FAST FOOD FILIPINO BUFFETThere is no doubt that the wonderful selection of foods including the price of $7.99 are definitely unbeatable.  The assortment of dishes vary during the day.  It seems to be more vegetable trays during the evening. Seating can be an issue especially with the middle aisle. Spacing is sort of like Rubik's Cube.. very tight and difficult. They could alleviate the table congestion by removing one table in the middle. But then again, I don't think comfort is an encouragement. Obviously, the longer you stay the more food you'll consume. LoLThe foods are authentic home style heavy and rich Filipino cooking. If you can ignore the casualness and sometimes the playground atmosphere when undisciplined children are present, it's an eating experience that may trigger an instant gout attack.
4	Very happy that they opened this location. Very good deal for AYCE $7.99..but if you can't do the buffet, you can order the 2-item combo for $4.99! For rice or pancit w/ 2 items..you can even do a "split" and do half-rice/half-pancit. My only advice is if you plan to eat here, don't come too close to closing time as the food choices might not be as plentiful. Seating can be an issue as others have noted, but can't really blame them if everyone wants to grub on good filipino food~~FILIPINOS love a good deal!Overall, this is definitely a great place to get some filipino grub.
1	Driving aimlessly up and down Eastern Avenue trying to find a place to relax and have lunch during my work day, I saw the the sign they have outside advertising the buffet.  A quick Yelp search yielded great reviews and I was sure I had stumbled upon a new weekly lunch spot.Unfortunately, I was wrong.  I tried some of everything and most items were extremely salty.  I did enjoy the fried rice and the fried rice noodles, but the actual dishes were salty to the point of being almost inedible.  The quality of the meat was also suspect.  At least two or three dishes featured chicken that was simply overcooked, dry, and had that taste of unflavored boiled chicken covered in a sauce.  The pork dishes had the same problem.  It tasted like the pork was boiled on its own without seasoning and then mixed with an overly salty sauce.  And this applied to the beef dishes as well.  The pork and the beef itself was pretty fatty and "stringy".I excitedly loaded up my first plate and was very disappointed when each thing I tried was too salty to eat.  And it just wasn't worth eating, since the meat was worse than the sauce.The fried items offered were all very dried out.  There were a few whole fried sardines, which were pretty sad looking.  They also had fried chicken, but it looked like it had been sitting out for quite a while and pretty unappetizing.Dessert was just some sliced watermelon.  With all the salt, the watermelon was a nice way to end the meal.I ended up thirsty the rest of the day.
1	I used to be a fan of this place.... UNTIL I found a freaking BAND-AID IN MY SOUP.I told the cook about it and he just apologized and threw the soup out. They didn't even bother giving me and my friend a refund until I complained about how I didn't eat. And the guy only ended up giving me one refund when there were two people eating out of the soup -____-
3	Came here with the family once, and it's definitely in the "fast food" category. The options were decent and the price was affordable, but none of the options were particularly delicious. I mean, you can't really expect much from a buffet with so many pre-made selections, but it doesn't really taste like Filipino home cooking. Just tastes like Filipino fast-cooking.
