5	I ADORE THIS PLACE. Their sandwiches are to die for, everytime I fly to Montreal I must stop by there and enjoy a kafta or chicken sandwich
5	A combination Lebanese butcher's shop, grocery store, and grill that serves up some truly exceptional grilled meat sandwiches. Recommended: filet mignon, kafta (the best we've yet encountered in Montreal), and sojouk, a spicy homemade Armenian-Lebanese sausage. Ridiculously cheap, too. Get yours "all-dressed."  Keep in mind that you can also order mixed-grill platters for larger groups.  Abu Elias is as informal as it gets, but these guys are royalty in the grilled meats department.
4	It is sort of funny, the day we were supposed to leave for Montreal, the weird foods guy on the travel channel went here.  So I quickly found out how to find it and get there.  It was worth the trip.  But I'm also amused by why there isn't a line out the door!  It was on TV just a couple of days before we were there and it has great things.  After recovering from our confusion on how to order and pay (go to the counter with the nice ladies at it first) we decided to try the mixed plate.  Three kinds of grilled goodies, roasted veggies, onion and parsley salad, tomatoes, salty pickles, hummus and pita.  At about $14 for 1/2 kilo it is a good amount for two hungary tourists.  Although, when we ordered the woman ringing up our order thought we wanted 1 1/2 kilos and not 1/2 kilo.  When she asked for $44 I probably was a little pale but we soon worked it out.  We also got some tabule and drinks and made it out of there with a bunch of food.  Just a counter to east at, but across the street and down a bit was a great park to try out the grilled bits.The kafka kebabs were very nice.  Not dried out like they often are, but could have used something.  The steak Kebab were excellent.  I would have either again.  The chicken, dried out but it is rare to get some that are not, the seasoning on them were good, but these just weren't up to the level the other two were.  The rest of the items were all very good, flavorful and yummy.  I wish I cold have tried other things and the butcher section looked amazing.  Another trip then.We took the metro out to the last top and waked to Abu Elias and then found a bus back.  Worth a trip out and when public transit works to get there, what is stoping you?
5	One of the eat Lebanese restaurants in Montreal
5	one of the cleanest freshest place for sandwishes and grills. Bravo
5	Total score.  Totally authentic, coal fired grill, tender high quality meat, fresh falafel, fresh pita.  Kafta was outrageous and Milan the proprietor upon finding out that me and my guest were from our of town went out of his way to make sure we were welcomed in his establishment.  See you next time Abu Eliaa! !
3	Price wise it is actually really good.  If I was to live around the neighborhood, this place would definitely a place of choice for quick eating. When I see a 5-star place with 5+ reviews for a cheap eatery, to me this means it is worth driving there from time to time. Well this is place isn't that kind.. I don't think I'll go there again.. It is just not worth the drive for me.  I had chicken and beef sandwich.. The taste of the meat was good because it is charcoal grill. I had all dressed and it was too much sauce for me. I was hoping other tangible ingredients, not just the dressing.  Unfortunately, they don't have plate size for one person. The plate starts from 1/2 kg of meat and it is too much for a person. Again, it is an OK place and I would like to have a place like this in my area.. But spending time in traffic wasn't worth the experience.
3	I used to be the kind of person that can overlook a bad location, lack of decor, hole in the wall type of place.I considered myself a fan of Abu Elias, despite the gloomy service and the fact the parking zone is an accident hazard.I would tell others about this place, it is an institution in the area, even if they charge you $4-5 more if you have to eat in, which means handing you some napkins and a fork.But they lost some major points for me when it became a poor value.They recently jacked up all their prices in a real non-subtle way (stickers over old prices).I grabbed one shish taouk and one filet mignon, $5 each.The thing with this place is they let the meat and the charcoal heat do the talking, there is no marinade or rubs, the meat is quite tender and juicy on it's own. What was disappointing is not just that they are pricier, but the portions are much smaller than before, maybe 4 cubes in a very skinny and light sandwich.With tax, i'm spending close to $12 and I was still starving. The quality is still there, but they are a butcher shop, so they supply their own grill, and it's not like their spending on making a pretty place.The half kilo mix is about $17 and the kilo is in the $30 range (2 people) , It might be the kind of thing i'll have to get next time when i'm hungry.
5	Always fresh and tasty.The filet mignon it's my favourite.Excellent service for a quick tasty snack.
