3	This is the perfect store for the world traveler in all of us.  They have art and cultural crafts from Central and South America, Asia, Middle East, and India.  I really liked the clothes and purses they had.  There is kind of a limited selection of stuff from these various countries, but it's still fun to go poke around.  There are also cultural events to check out.  The Gypsy Lounge, the coffee shop in the back of the store, plays host to all kinds of musicians.  Check out the website for the most up to date info.
5	Take your own little trip around the world at this Plaza Midwood store. Pura Vida is such a great, unique shop/coffee bar/art and music venue. I can't afford much of what they have there, so I've bought cheaper things there like postcard-sized prints of paintings and candle holders. Definitely check out the art shows and musicians who perform in the back lounge.
5	I love skulls and skeletons, so I'm thrilled to have a shop that specializes in Day of the Dead gear. It's a pretty small store, but it's the kind of place where you can spend hours and hours exploring. I hit Pura Vida hard when I was getting stuff to decorate my Zen Den in my house. They have a wide selection of spiritual goodies, from Tibetan prayer flags to meditation gongs to all kinds of incense and candles and such. It's the best place in town to find the materials you'll need to get in touch with your inner goddess.The staff is friendly and knowledgeable, which is impressive in a place with so much stuff. It would be forgivable if they didn't know the stories behind everything, but I've found that they know a lot, and they're eager to share. I wish we had more places like this one in Charlotte!
5	I admit it. I'm not only a huge fan of this store, but a friend of Teresa, the owner. Having said that, it was Teresa's quirky, eclectic mixture of global fair-trade items, and her artistic vision that made me want to get to know her in the first place. As Pura Vida has evolved, it's become much more that just a fun place to shop for cool stuff, it's a place with soul- a little "United Nations" in the heart of Plaza-Midwood. The addition of coffee and music allows patrons an opportunity to socialize. And the music! Where else could you see an act like Paleface (for free, no less) outside of Manhattan? Teresa's open-minded approach blends commerce and community into a delightful experience. Go there to shop for global art, ceramics, clothing, or gifts, but stay awhile for the music, conversation, and interesting people.
4	Very good vibe! This store has some fun things that remind me of various parts of the world (I guess that's where they got their name). They have various things like shoes, clothing, tinkets, books, and home decor. There's a back room with chairs in it. I didn't investigate what it is used for, but for maybe local music or like a coffee shop. Oh yeah, you can grab a cup of coffee or a latte when you enter.If you are looking for unique gifts or just want to browse some fun items, visit this store!
4	This is where I go when I can't find something at Paperskyscraper or Green With Envy. There is ALWAYS something here that is a great gift (or something for myself). The items can be a tad pricey- and I'm completely unsure if it is "fair trade" (like 10,000 villages). I am a sucker for a lot of the items. I am still eyeing a dress that has been there for over 3 years (it has never gone on sale). My friend bought the most beautiful purse there. Excellent unique items. It makes you want to travel.There is also coffee- which is always a good thing.
4	Evil eye wards, Luchiadore dolls, paper flowers, etc, in a new and improved space. Every town needs a Pura Vida. It's awesome that they've hauled it out to NoDa - the new paint, bright colors, and oddly broken up space looks good on 'em, and the place is even more bursting at the seams than it was back in PM.For random hostess gifts, I-don't-know-what-you-like-but-we-all-love-ethnic-chotchkeys-don't-we gifts, and for lazy day shopping, PV's got it nailed.
4	Hit the Gong!  Please you can hit it!!!  Giant Chalkboard room in back - This is a cool place - Very friendly staff!  Different gifts for you or someone else.
5	A great store if you love unique, handmade products, or if you're looking to shop fair trade. An eclectic mix of items from all over the world, in an inviting space that makes you want to keep exploring to see what else you might find. A small but cute selection of clothes from Mata Traders, and great jewelry and gifts. Definitely worth checking out!
4	Oh NoDa,  how I love your concept.   This store fits right in to the cultural artsy feel of the street.Mexican culture was the main theme at this store with a little Asian too.
4	I was initially drawn to Pura Vida under the suspicion I'd be able to find some good Dia de los Muertos decorations and a few pieces to remind me of Texas - of course I did, but little did I know I'd end up falling in love with this store. To start there are plenty of Mexican art and hand crafted items to go around - tile mirrors from San Miguel, Oaxacan embroidered dresses, paper flowers, calaveras, skeleton figures and jewelry, fantastic scarves and woven table runners (if you're a fan of tesoros trading company, you'll find a good amount of items they carry here)... but this store lives up to its "worldly art" name. In an attempt to not leave anything out, we'll say it mostly covers Latin America, Asia, and Africa - highlighting Jewish, Hindu, and Buddhist as well as some Catholic/Christian religions. Candles, books, incense, jewelry, wall art - from hostess gift to baby showers, you can find something unique here (and you can also spend a pretty penny doing it).   In true NoDa fashion, this is more than just a store - there's also an art gallery in the third room. In the last month I've seen two vastly different displays (one mexican-inspired paintings, one more nature photographs) so it's always nice to check in and see what's going on back there. Also, in the second room there is an altar for those who have passed on. It's a beautiful set-up of mementos, flowers, and photos and I suggest anyone who stops in to spend a moment to take it in.
5	I honestly haven't found a whole lot of places in the country as awesome as Pura Vida. I walked into the second room and I'm like "they have a shrine!?" Epic. It's a shrine for those who have passed but I've always managed to find myself stuck there praying on the mementos that tell the story of others.There is a lot of meditative stuff to be found here. Buddhist prayer beads and brass bowls that ring. Literature on various spiritualities and religious movements. Lots of cool stickers and buttons with sayings like "coexist" on them. Jewelry that looks to have a major South American influence. African drums and decor. I've even seen saris and skirts with Indian designs here too.The shopkeeper is friendly and knows her stuff. It was great to just chat for a while about the subject matter of the store. This place boasts zen, peace, love and a warm fuzzy feeling inside!
4	When it comes to insanely cool worldly goods, Pura Vida has 'em. This store really reminds me of Madison, WI...a handful of culture, a strong dose of interesting and cool, a lot of handcrafted items, and just a touch of hippy. If I were to describe all the types of items you can find here, I'd likely run out of room. Thus, it's best that you just go in and explore. I was particularly drawn to the beautiful beaded necklaces, unique cards, and gorgeous scarves. Most, if not all, of these items are hand crafted and feature a specific worldly view unlike that of the USA. For the spiritual types, there is a smattering of literature and a shrine to those who have passed - both interesting and heart aching just to walk past it. If you're walking around NoDa, definitely stop in at Pura Vida, there's nothing quite like it in Charlotte!
5	I love exploring this fabulous store packed with tons of  fun, unique pieces from around the world. I am enchanted each and every time I step through their dark blue door  :)
2	While I like the store quite a bit, I find it really hit-or-miss since two of the three times I tried to visit there was a sign that announced the person was on break. These were not odd-ball times either , the last was in the middle of the day and we returned almost a half-hour later to find the sign still in place. I suggest listing "break times" on the website because it really prevents me from making a special shopping trip. Perhaps another option (not sure how feasible it is though) hiring more staff.... I understand  running into this problem once but twice a few months apart seems like more than a coincidence.
3	The owner took the time to contact me (always a plus) and let me know that they adhere to the Siesta tradition that is a part of her culture. That information can be found on their website under the FAQ's page (and Yelp -oops!) I hadn't heard of a gallery doing this so I just (wrongly) assumed they took an extended break. Anyhoo - felt it was only right to update my review.
4	Lots of cool art from around the world here. Such a colorful shop, a real treat just to visit. You will be hard-pressed NOT to purchase anything, every trinket is so tempting.What really makes this place are the people who work here. They are friendly and will let you play with, try on, mess around with pretty much anything, all in a kind way. Of course they hope you buy it, too. ;)Had fun playing with the lucha libre masks and hand percussion.
5	For a good while, this store was in walking distance from my house in Plaza Midwood.  Then, it moved to NoDa, and appears to be right at home there as well.  Pura Vida features exotic treasures from around the world:  music, clothing, jewelry, crystals and spiritual material.  In the back, there is an altar where one can place photos, rocks and other memorial items.  The owner is always welcoming and upbeat.  And, when I visited the shop a few Wednesdays ago, I found another reason to admire her.  I met Meow-Meow, a beautiful tuxedo cat with the tail the size of a feather duster.  He comes to Pura Vida each Wednesday and is a gorgeous and welcoming host.  Meow-Meow is two years old and was rescued by the owner.  It is obvious how much she loves him.  Hats off to this compassionate lady!I will make my visit to Pura Vida on Wednesdays from now on so I can catch up with Meow-Meow!
