5	Jeff and his team are great!  I called on Saturday and got an appointment for Wednesday, but called again on Sunday because my a/c unit was making weird noises and he came out the next day (Monday).  Had the part on the truck, was courteous and quick in diagnosing the problem.  The problem was fixed in less than an hour!
5	Wouldn't you know it....my a/c would die out on one of the hottest days of the year.  I called around seeing if i could get someone out today because I have a 11 month old baby in my house and no a/c but no one would work with me.  I got on the internet and found Lewis and sons and gave them a call.  Luck me, they could come over in a couple hours!  They were really friendly and really knowledgeable.  I would suggest them to everyone!
5	I called these guys because they have really good Google reviews.  I spoke with Jeff Lewis, and no he is not the guy from the Bravo TV show Flipping Out.  He should be on a TV show called Honest Contractor!  My A/C unit was shutting off intermittently and I checked the thermostat which seemed to be working properly.  Before Jeff even came out for the service call, he told me to check a few things, and if that didn't work then he would come out.  This is so rare to get advice on a simple fix which could save money, and even cancel the need for a service call!  Long story short, I couldn't fix it on my own and Lewis and Sons came out anyway and charged a very honest and reasonable rate.  Simply put they are awesome and exceeded every expectation.  I WILL ALWAYS USE THESE GUYS!!!
5	Excellent service. Many years of experience. Honest. Fair prices. Family owned and operated. I was very happy.
5	I called Lewis & Sons because my heat had been blowing fuses all winter, but I had just had some other company come in an replace the old fuse box. They identified that we had previously been told to use 50 watt fuses, but the system was pulling 60 watts and that was what was breaking down our HVAC. A small little thing, but they were professional and helpful and took the time to make sure the problem was fixed 1) correctly, and 2) the most cost-effective way possible.
5	Jeffery Lewis is AMAZING!  I was told by another air conditioning company my compressor was dead and I needed an whole new unit.  I called Lewis & Sons and Jeffery was there in 30 minutes!  My compressor was fine, it was a fan motor!  He promptly fixed it and saved me over $7000.  This is one honest company and those are hard to find.  Thanks Jeffery!
5	Second time I've had Lewis and Sons come out, both times fixed the problem quickly at a reasonable price; and both times they came out promptly, and showed up in the time window they said they would.Even though this is the second time I've had them come out, it is the 3rd time they've helped me.  The first time they told me how to fix the problem myself over the phone, no charge.  Excellent customer service!
