5	this place was delicious!! Was in the mood for Chinese and was actually on the way to another spot when I saw this one on South blvd. and I am SO glad we did!! got the beef w/mixed veggies, side of lo mien, and egg drop soup, and it came with an egg roll! BF got wings, fried rice, just as yummy. total was only $16 and change. would highly recommend. They were open at 10 on a Thursday, empty in side, but the attendant was SUPER sweet.
3	The portions are huge. The food is typical entry level chinese stuff, maybe a step above. This place is an old pizza hut, so don't expect too much in atmosphere. That said, the staff is super friendly, and the prices are really cheap. I don't eat here often, but if you are really hungry and want pretty good food at a great price, stop on in.
4	This place is cheap and supper clean inside. The workers are very helpful and friendly.  Large portions for the price you pay & the wings are pretty good also. Give it a  try its a family owned place.
4	This is what simple chinese food is suppose to be! Great fried rice! Many places in Charlotte have switched to white rice or plain fried rice with their combos :-( (sad I know) Wing Heaven is doing it right!
5	We were out shopping and a clerk at the store suggested this place.  Its an old Pizza Hut and our expectations were low bases on the exterior.  Delicious, fresh chinese food.  Friendly staff and amazingly clean!  Highly reccomend.
4	South blvd is pretty much hell on earth but this place is a little window into Chinese food heaven (not wing heaven by any stretch of the imagination. Their name is misleading to say the least). I have always wondered what the hell is going on inside this shady building. First thing you'll notice is that it's an old Pizza Hut building and there are bars on the windows customized with random items from their menu written on them.  I couldn't wait to get inside. I walk in and see a few people sitting in the dining room seemingly enjoying their meals. That was a promising sight because given the nature of this bizzare looking place, I was mentally prepared to be the only one eating while the owners stare at me. The woman at the front counter slides me a menu and waits for me to order. I told her this is my first time here and I'm excited to try the food! She replied with "ok" while pointing to the menu. Alright no problem, tough crowd but I'm ok with it. So I look at the menu and see the standard Chinese fare. The place is called wing heaven and according to their window (and menu) they offer said heaven in a five piece option. I have to try them along with something I'm used to getting from Chinese restaurants. So I look up and order 5 hot wings and general Tso chicken off the lunch menu. The lady didn't really understand and she started pointing to the menu again. Now I realize she doesn't know any English outside of the word "ok". So I start pointing at the menu to let her know what I want. I'm totally cool with not wanting to learn English because it's actually a difficult and complex language but if you're going to own and operate a restaurant here at least learn enough English to get by.  Minimally learn your menu so you don't have to point at the menu and make noises to communicate like cave people. Once I got my order in I went to the dining room to wait. I was pretty happy when I saw the family having lunch in the corner because their little daughter was listening to the Spanish version of the song "let it go" on an iPad and I love that song, but recently have been kind of over it so it was refreshing to hear a remix. The food came out in about 5 minutes and the gen Tso looked so good. The nice guy that brought out the food said "here you go, enjoy!" And I wanted to be like dude you need to work the counter.  I didn't though. I get right into it. I opened the box of wings and my fears became reality. It's your basic Chinese food wings. Breaded, overly big and not good looking. This just solidifies the fact that Chinese restaurants don't get it when it comes to wings. I tried one just to make sure, and yea they're horrible. The general Tso was unreal. Perfectly fried and extra spicy. The egg roll was on the small side but absolutely delivered on the taste factor. It was a thing of beauty. They even have what looks like a home made hot sauce bottled up on some of the tables. I put a bunch of that on the fried rice and it works. Big time. Stay far away from the wings but go hard on the normal stuff. Absolutely try this place.
4	Paul's YER (Yelp Elite Rating): 3.75 Stars (Rounded UP)OK, so I was EXCITED to try this Mom and Pop's place soley based on the Yelp Reviews. Like everyone here has stated, it looks SOOOOOOOOO, hummm, "Iffy" from the outside? Yup, it sure does. But the INSIDE is CLEAN and inviting. No kidding. It's like something out of I Dream of Jeanie (yeah I'm THAT old to remember that stuff - yikes!), where Jeanie puts a Taj Mahal space inside a garage, etc.....Now I had NO problem communicating with the lady behind the counter. Thick Chinese accent? Yupper. Did she speak decent English? Yupper again! She was pleasant and friendly, and helped me make a selection since it was my first time here. So I read about the "amazing" General Tso's chicken, so that was a must. Someone said their Egg Rolls were "purdy goot" too, so thankfully they came with my entrees.....of which I got a SECOND one (because Chinese makes GREAT left over lunches!), and that second entree was their Beef Egg Foo Young. So I got an Egg Roll and a SPRING Roll (which was a great idea.....more on that later).And of course, being half Asian, I always order a rice dish, so I got their House Special Fried Rice. All for moi, one big eater who loves Chinese leftovers!What stood out? The Beef Egg Foo Young! THAT was DELICIOUS! To me much of it has to do with the brown sauce, and theirs seemed to be Teryiaki based but NOT too sweet, which was good. More like a savory sweet. I'm an Egg Foo Young manwhore so yes, I loved it! But NOT all EFYs are that good! This one was! Just about as good as Dragonfly's for somewhat less $$$. So 5 Stars for this dish.The Spring Roll was much better than the Egg Roll. Not that the Egg Roll was bad. But the Spring Roll was really crispy and reminded me more of a Thai Roll than a Chinese roll. Nonetheless, it was yummy! 4 Stars on the Spring Roll, 3 Stars for the Egg Roll.I was slightly disappointed with the General Tso's Chicken. It WAS good. But after reading the reviews I guess I was expecting AMAZING! While good, it was NOT "amazing" by any stretch of the imagination. It did have some nice heat which I really liked. But it wasn't as "crispy" as I'd like so 2.5 Stars for the GTC.The House Special Fried Rice was pretty good, with chicken, beef and shrimp. A 3 Star Effort.Each entree came with white or fried rice and an Egg Roll (like I did, you CAN opt for a Spring Roll which I recommend).Bottom line: LOTS of good quality food for not a whole lot of money! Definitely a business we should ALL support because this is NOT a chain restaurant. It's a hard working Mom and Pops effort so I recommend them to all my fellow Yelpers! I've passed this place up for as long as I've been here in Charlotte (since Feb 2011) and I judged this book by it's crappy cover. Don't make the same mistake I did. Come check them out then Yelp your review!
