4	One of my favorite hometown pizza places. Try the white pizza, you won't be disappointed. Great place to grab a beer on Beverly road and catch up with old friends.
3	The white pizza truly is delicious, as are all of their fatty appetizers.  They also offer pasta and other options so there is something to please everyone in any size group you bring to Bado's.
4	All of the staff here were very friendly and helpful. The fried zucchini appetizer was huge and very tasty.  The white thin crust pizza with spinach was very good.  Seemed like a great neighborhood restaurant and we will most definitely be going back.
3	Bado's is a definite neighborhood joint.  Located on Beverly in Mt. Lebo, it's super-busy during meal times.  Food can be hit and miss.  Best to stick with the pizza, which is pretty good, and the soup and salads, which are quite good.  Place also has a solid beer selection, which is reasonably priced.  That said, we've found that it's a total mistake to order anything else off the menu -- except at breakfast, which again is pretty good.  (Their omlets are huge!)  For example, we once ordered a spinach-artichoke app.  Sounded delicious.  Um... it was creamed spinach (probably of frozen origin) with some canned artichokes in it.  Disappointing to say the least.Also be aware that they close the kitchen ... when they feel like it.  I didn't know that until we were drinking a few beers there a while back and they made a kitchen last call.  My sister asked the bartender when the kitchen closes -- he said, when we feel like it.One thing is for sure, though, if you go with what they do best (Pizza and beer), you won't be disapointed.  Plus, the servers are true Pittsburgh and generally very sweet.
4	I live in walking distance so I have been here many times . The place is very clean and the menu has many choices ... Not just pizza and hoagies . The bar is well stocked and has many varieties of beer . I would suggest coming here for breakfast or brunch on the weekends . The omlettes are huge . The only drawback is the place very small and can get crowded . You can't have a discussion without hearing what the people sitting at the next table are talking about as well . There is sometimes a wait to get a table . Good place to take the family , a date or just yourself . This place is alot like Vincents of  Green Tree.
5	I love this place. I live within walking distance and I find myself there a lot. Tons of beer choices (microbrews for you beer snobs) and great pizza & pub food.  It's a perfect pizza pub in every way. Try the hot lime flavored wings. They make your eyes well up when you put your face over them to smell the amazing wing aroma. Nice bartenders and wait staff as well.
2	Meh. At best. So I went to Bado's tonight w/ my dad and sister and it was a bit lackluster. I started out with chicken noodle soup (w/ no noodles) and a very spicy bloody ( I know. I know. I am an avid evening bloody mary drinker.) The bloody mary was pretty awesome for what I assume is a pre-made mix. I also got a grilled swordfish salad which was bland as hell! Iceberg lettuce, croutons, cucumbers, and dry swordfish. Lame. My dad got a meatball casserole which is something I would have never ordered...meatballs and casserole aren't a selling point for me, let alone as a package deal.  This meatball casserole dish was just pasta and meatballs...thankfully for my dads heart. My sister got a salad (again just iceberg lettuce, croutons, cucumbers) with chicken fingers.  She also split a small mushroom pizza with my dad which was above average. I guess pizza is what Bados is known for so you should just stick with that if you go.  Pro: Spicy bloody marys, decent pizza, cute waiter, wide beer selectionCon: bland salads, noodleless noodle soups, not many healthy options, no dinner entrees besides pasta,
3	Whenever I'm in Bado's I'm reminded of Nemo's, the fictional pizza joint from Everybody Loves Raymond. My first expierence with this place was two years ago, I had spent the entire day in the waiting room of St. Clair Hospital with my mother who was admitted finally at 8pm, she was fine and released a few days later. But at 8pm I was ready to eat anything and Bado's was on the way home. So I parked and walked I'm and the place was packed. Good sign. So a seat at the bar opened and the Pens were playing. So I ordered a bottled IPA and read over the menu. I needed to power carb after a long day of sitting in a hospital waiting room. The bartender who doubled as a pizza chef told me the white pizza was exceptional, so I took his advice and ordered a medium, figuring I could have it for lunch the next day. What arrived was this wonderfully thick, cheesy, reeking of garlic in a good way, just what I needed, comfort food that instantly made the days worries seem distant. The first bite was heaven, chewy center, crisp bottom, olive oil coating my mouth, ooey, gooey italian cheeses, saltiness from the black olives I ordered as a topping. This was pizza! Two slices and I was full, I drank my beer and paid the bill, and walked out with lunch and dinner for the next day. I must return here someday and have the same pie.
3	The pizza is great. Other food items might disappoint. They do deliver! Service is hit and miss. There is one rude,  smile-less bartender... I have actually seen him through the window and decided to go somewhere else because I was in the mood for good service.
4	When you find a consistent restaurant with good food near your home, you tend to visit that restaurant a lot. For me, my fallback, can't miss restaurant is Bado's. First off, the menu is huge- pizza, hoagies, pasta, sandwiches, big burgers, Boarshead hotdogs, and huge apps. Everything I have tried there so far has been above average, except maybe their lasagna which I found to be watery and tasteless. If you get a salad, make sure you try their house dressing. It's their own vinaigrette that comes in a Grolsh bottle and is by far one of the best dressings I've ever had. Make sure you try it on the giant antipasti salad (which you should split with someone), and pair that with one of their calzones (my favorite is the reuben calzone, but the meatball is excellent as well). Their pizza buffet is also good if you want to try a lot of different toppings. If you're looking for a good beer, Bado's has a great selection of craft and microbrews on their huge board, and the choices are always changing.You will also want to come to Bado's on weekend mornings for their breakfast. The omelets are huge and they have tons of toppings to choose from, and the rest of their breakfast choices are above average. Even the coffee is good!The drawbacks to Bado's are that they're almost always busy, and tables are a little cramped. Expect to wait a few minutes when you get there, and don't expect stellar service. The wait staff is good but they're always busy, so you'll probably be waiting for a refill. Also, I like to have fries with my sandwich or burger, and while their fries are pretty good, they don't have them as a side. You have to order off their appetizer menu, and the order is too big for one person and pricey.
4	I really enjoy going to Bado's. We mostly order the Gourmet Bianco Pizza, 4 slice for the two of us, with an appetizer and that is more than enough! We draws us there is the pizza and beer. The pizza is always amazing, and they have a great selection of beers on tap and in bottles. If you want to taste a beer on tap, just ask and they will bring you a little to try. The waitress's working weekends are pretty fantastic. The guys that work during the work are so-so. I don't have any experience with the bartenders, as we always sit at a table and eat.The one drawback for me is how it's a bit "too" family friendly for me. I love children (work with them everyday!) but it seems that families here feel comfortable letting their children do whatever they want. Maybe it's because the environment already seems loud, parents feel they can let their children misbehave and it will go unnoticed. I frequent this restaurant, and this seems to be he case most weekday evenings and weekends.
5	Best pizza in Pittsburgh. Nice staff, and good beer selection. The variety changes a lot, but they'll always give you samples! You can buy growlers full of good stuff for fairly cheap, and get refills for even cheaper!
4	I've been wanting to try Bado's for awhile, and finally did a few days ago. I didn't want to leave the house, though, so I thought I'd check out their delivery service. I got a thin crust pizza, and the only thing I didn't like was how floppy it was. It ended up being easier to cut it with a knife and fork than to hold it. Not a big deal, especially considering how tasty the pizza was! Fresh basil and garlic, and the pepperoni was nice and crispy and well cooked. It was an awesome indulgence. Additionally, the driver was really personable, and my order was at my door in 40 minutes, which is a lot faster than I expected on a Friday night! This is definitely going to become a staple of my Pittsburgh food experience!
3	Friday evening, my folks called me up and said they were out toward Mt. Lebo and asked if my wife and I wanted to meet for dinner. We said sure, and they chose Bado's.The place is nice with a warm, inviting atmosphere. Our server was friendly, but clearly dealing with to my tables. He actually made me feel anxious when he'd stop by!My family decided to split a traditional pizza with pepperoni and mushroom. My wife and I added a dozen Guinness/ Honey Mustard wings and split a Reuben.The wings came out in record time and were pretty good. Although, I still don't think the Guinness aspect did anything for the flavor. They sure tasted like any other honey mustard wing I've ever had.The Reuben was average, but very large. It came with potato chips and a pickle spear. For the $9 price tag, you'd think they could do fries over chips.The pizza was good; not great. Based on reviews, I thought the pizza would be even better. Maybe I'm being a bit picky, but there are enough great pizza joints in the city that you can afford to be.All in all, Bado's is a nice place to have a casual dinner. I wouldn't go out of my way to try it, but if you're local give it a go. If you want an inviting atmosphere where you can enjoy a beer, have some pizza and enjoy the company of friends or family, this won't disappoint.
3	This is a popular place so usually skip it due to a short wait list...just don't want to wait  for pizza and so many pizza shops in the area.  No wait on this Friday night.  Bado's has  all that you need..a good beer selection, neat atmosphere, and more than pizza..pub grub, lots of options here.  The wait staff was good and on the ball.  But the pizza is what most people talk about so we ordered "Bado's  Famous Pizza"   (the traditional, Our most popular crust)" and the hot wings.  It did not take long and the pizza and wings came out.  The wings were hotter than most places and pretty good.  The pizza crust was a little thicker and nice flavor and chewy, good though I tend to prefer thinner crust.  All in all, a nice place, good beer, good service and food.
4	I was surprised initially to see an Italian Ale House. The food was pretty good and the atmosphere was pretty good as well. It was a short visit to PA for me but I would recommend this to someone else looking for some decent Italian food and a decent bar.
1	Hostess was very awkward when seating us. Sat us in the corner in a small booth with a broken seat right up against another large party. The place was by no means busy. We sat and waited for someone to acknowledge us. We watched 4 members of the wait staff each attend to the 4 other tables and not one of them ever acknowledged us or came over. After 15 minutes of being ignored by staff, we got up and walked out. It's a shame too... we liked the looks of the menu and the bar list and specials. Don't think we'd ever come back after that. There are plenty of other places.
2	I went with my boyfriend and one of his coworkers to this joint for lunch last week. As the rating suggests - meh.It wasn't terrible and the service was fine. I just feel like I've had much better pizza elsewhere around town. And for sure a better margherita. Theirs fell into the category that I find most end up in: a regular cheese pizza. Quite a few places seem to not understand the differences between the two, and this place was no different.Now, the cheese/margherita pizza they served me was pretty good, but it didn't stand out for me. The other two ordered sandwiches of some sort that they both really seemed to like. The beer selection was also a bit lacking for my taste, but that may just be because they didn't have anything I liked so I stuck with water (that's me when I go out to eat: alcohol or water ;).
5	Hands down the best pizza I've ever had. They use a bread dough recipe handed down from their grandmother and a sauce that is to die for. Awesome beer selection as well. Word of advice from someone who's been dining here since they were across the street and known as Pizza Piazza - don't introduce yourself to the pizza via the lunch buffet - it's too delicate and dries out under the heat lamp. Order it fresh with extra sauce and enjoy!
4	I have been a patron of Bado's several times now, and this is a great spot to have few beers, watch a game, and meet up with friends.  Their beer selection is commendable and is frequently updated.  I have sat a the bar and had a table.  I've never had a problem with service.  Staff is knowledgeable and makes great suggestions.  Now for the food...their pizza is so yummy!  I love everything about it. The cheese, sauce, toppings...all great.  Their wings are also good.  It can get quite packed during a game or on a weekend evening, so there can be a wait.  Grab a beer and wait b/c it's worth it.
4	If I lived in the South Hills I would come here all the time. I am not even sure how the pizza place across the street stays in business. I suspect that after the locals are done getting hammered off of Bado's awesome beer selection they need to order some crap when homebase has closed. Or it is a front for the mob.
3	Bado's is a nice place to go to get decent food. Pretty average as far as I've seen so far. The reason for 3 stars is that the bar is small and the beer is over priced. I understand it's micro and craft beers on tap but there are other places near by with the micro and crafts for less with better atmosphere. Big plus to the bartenders though, very nice and helpful.
4	This is some of the best american style pizza anywhere. Smaller, cheesier slices than New York style, order more than you than you usually eat, you'll want it.
4	Good atmosphere, good beer, good times.
5	How have I not written a review for this place yet? I LOVE Bado's. It's right down the street from one of my old schools, so I have a lot of fond memories of eating here once a week or so with my mom during the school's lunch break. With that in mind, because I often come here craving pizza and I was a child patron, I tend to just forget that, oh yeah: I can get alcohol as well. That said, my family has actually purchased six-packs from the bar since Bado's is easier to get to than a beer distributor, so yes, I'd say they have a decent beer selection if we're taking the time to buy and carry a six pack home.One of my favorite things from Bado's is actually their calzones, which are enormous and yet, oddly enough, "light." No, not light in calories, but light in the amount of grease and oils in the meal. This, of course, is compared to take-out chains, so I'm sure it's still way too much for a meal to be considered healthy. But still, I've always felt that their calzones have the perfect blend of toppings, sauces, and so forth, and they're borderline divine. The pizza is delicious as well, and Bado's also has a bunch of other meal options like sandwiches, soups and salads, so you're sure to find something here.Just keep in mind, Bado's is popular and it gets crowded. Fast. Be prepared for a wait or try to show up during slow hours, i.e. not right after work - especially on a Friday. But really, other than that, I can't complain about this place. In fact, just talking about it makes me crave pizza...mmmmmm.
4	Four stars for the pizza!Great crust.  I usually don't eat the crust, but I couldn't let this go to waste.  We ordered the Leopold.  In the description, it noted a "hint" of anchovy.  It ended up being more than a hint, which was welcomed by my boyfriend and myself.  We'll be back when we're in the area.  I see this being a regular spot after our rounds of golf at Mt. Lebanon GC.
1	pricey, pricey pricey and it isnt that good!
2	I just want to like it due to its location and great beer selection, but the food is awful.
4	Love Bado's. Any pizza is really good and their rueben is very tasty. Lots of beer choices and they give out free samples.
4	got the buffet pizza was good they also give you free soup to .
5	Large bar food menu and great selection of draft beers. Patio open in the summer and decent size restaurant. Large portions on food. Great Sicilian and speciality pizzas.
1	one of the worst steak sandwiches i've ever eaten. there were 7 of us and the only people who liked their food were the kids and the one who had the pizza. i would never eat here again
3	I would love to say that the service and food were wonderful, but that would be a complete lie. Beginning with the service, I would have expected to receive the type of service from a dive bar or college bar. The servers had no idea what they were doing and payed more attention to their cell phones than the actual customers. When we would randomly get our servers attention, she was rude and condescending. We waited 12 minutes to get refills and when she did pick our cups up she grabbed them from the inside, (her under nails were black by the way). As was said earlier, all the customers around our table were not being attended too because social hour was more important for the servers. The food wasn't too bad, but it wasn't anything great. I could compare it to any other bar food. After seeing the way the servers conducted themselves and how they treated their work environment it would not surprise me the kitchen was being treated the same. I have worked in restaurants and hospitality for close to 14 years, so i would think i would know how to conduct myself, my work environment and most importantly my customers. Giving 3 stars is generous.
5	Chili cheese omlette was amazing!  Great home fries and toast as well. Its gotta be the only place in town to watch early sporting events while eating breakfast. Service was very attentive.  My coffee cup never got below half full.
4	I stopped by Bado's on a recent Wednesday for an early dinner with a friend. When I first walked in, I was rather surprised at the decor. The way Bado's is talked about and with this prime location, I imagined it to be more modern. I was wrong. Inside, it is your typical neighborhood pizza place/bar. Clean, well maintained but nothing shiny or fancy here. Looking over the menu, I noticed some classics and some distinct choices. Sandwiches, soups, salads, pizzas and calzones. Some with toppings/fillings you would not expect. Feeling unadventurous, we decided to order their (famous) wedding soup, a cheese pizza and a sausage calzone to be able to try a few of the classics. The soup came out first. The meatballs were tasty but otherwise, I'm not sure why it would be famous. It definitely did not stand out to me. Another item that did not stand out, the pizza. I was looking for something more. The pizza sauce was a bit tart for me. The real winner of the meal was the sausage calzone (which we added ricotta to). The sausage had a great spice to it. The heat was nicely complimented by the creamy cheese and crisp crust. Overall, good food for a neighborhood bar.
4	Bado's is a quintessential Pittsburgh pizza stop. I may even consider it the best pizza in Pittsburgh! I hadn't been in since 2008 or so which was pre-food allergies for me. My friends got pizza and said it was the best they had had in a long, long time. I really don't think you can go wrong with any of the toppings.If you've read some of my other reviews, you know I have 14 food allergies. This makes it almost impossible to dine anywhere, but when a restaurant feeds me with ease, I am a happy camper! They accommodated me with no problem and I had a delicious grilled chicken salad! I was very impressed.My mom was not too keen on her bruschetta wedge salad, mainly because of the dressing (which is homemade, however I do love their homemade greek dressing!). She still managed to devour most of it, though!The staff could have been a little friendlier, but they made a meal happen for me, so no complaints!
5	BRAVO! We just had our first Bado's experience, and it most definitely won't be our last. This place doesn't get enough credit. Being new to the Mt. Lebo area I've heard so many things about Beto's. We've tried there, and while it wasn't bad, I just didn't see what the hype was about. I was way more impressed with Bado's! Their pizza was awesome!! Their beer selection is pretty extensive as well, especially for the size of the place. The food came out quickly, even though there wasn't an open seat in the whole place, bar included. Overall, great experience, food, and restaurant. I'm so glad it's a local joint. I love giving kudos to places like Bado's that truly deserve it!
1	We just ate there on a Friday night and the whole experience was a disaster. Rude, unfriendly, just a miserable male server. Drinks were lousy , service was lousy, food just o.k., nothing to write home about, and at 9:00 on a Friday night they were putting chairs on the tables and vacuuming, hinting it was time for us to leave. The whole experince was horrible... and the bill was outrageous.  Save your money and Go somewhere else!!!!
5	Yummy yummy pizza!!! Excellent beer choices! The service was great. Everyone was personable. The wait was a little long and there is nowhere to stand yo wait but that is my on complaint. I would def go back.
4	Great place to have a party!  Bado's is located in a cute section of Mount Lebanon with street parking or a metered parking lot in the back (it was only $5 for a 24 hour period).  Our friends rented out the top part of the restaurant for a 30th birthday party. This was a large space which could easily fit over 50 people comfortably.  There was a small bar with 3 draft beers to choose from, tables set up for food and tables to sit at.  We were served their huge pepperoni pizza which was very tasty!  The sauce was sweet and a thin crust.  Downstairs they had a nice selection of draft beers to choose from.  They also have a rooftop section!
4	The service is a little off and the staff doesn't seem very attentive to your needs. However the food is worth having bad service. They have a great selection of pizzas but my personal favorite is the buffalo chicken.
4	Delicious pizza. Amazing beer selection. We don't live anywhere close to this place, and will drive 45+ minutes for their food and ambience. Whenever I have family visiting, and we have the time, we trek over for a delicious dinner at Bado's. Be sure to check out their chalkboard with the drink and food specials!We've never had any problems with the service or the food, and will definitely be back!
1	I am not being hyperbolic when I say that my last experience here was the worst food experience I have ever had. I have eaten at Bado's before and have had pizza that was pretty tasty. So when my roomate wanted to go there, I was pretty excited. There were 4 of us. Two of us had burgers while the other two ordered wedding soup and shared potato skins. My burger was delicious. It was juicy and smothered in bleu cheese. While my food was really good, there were some issues with the other items ordered. Two of my guests cited that the wedding soup had a metalic taste to it while my other friend with the burger found a hair. Being a hairdresser and understanding that it does happen sometimes, she disregarded it and continued to eat her burger. Unfortunately, the hair did not stop there. Another guest found several hairs in their meal as well. We decided that we should let our waitress know. I stopped the waitress and explained how there was hair in two people's food. The waitress got upset and was very rude (it's not like we accused her of planting the hair herself). On top of this, she mistakenly took my burger and walked away with it, leaving the sullied food on the table. When she came back I told her that my burger was not one of the items with food on it and she instantly became defensive. At this point we asked for a manager (who never came) and insisted our meal get comped. Considering she threw out the only good food that we ordered, we didn't feel like that was asking too much. Luckily the waitress did not put up too much of a fight. I will never eat at Bado's again. A good cheese burger and a decent pie isn't enough when the staff can't even accept their own (human) mistakes. I have been places where there have been food issues before and I have also worked in a restaurant. I completely understand that mistakes happen. However, the reaction that we received was unacceptable.
4	Live close to this place and really like their selection of beers and pizza. However, the lunch pizza buffet left ALOT to desire. It was literally a few cold pizzas layed out on a little table. No salad, no breadsticks with it. It'd actually to be better to order a large, fresh hot pizza and share it. The 'buffet' was for sure a let down.
4	I always get burgers and beer here even though they're known for their pizza. No regrets! Love their growlers too!
4	The pizza is delicious, but a little pricy. A 4 cut is more than enough two people.  It's a good place for families and the staff are very friendly and accommodating. They have good specials do keep those in mind!
1	I will never go back. Besides the gnocchi coming from a vacuum sealed bag, they offer a " Pittsburgh Sandwich " they don't know how to make. Served fries on the side and bagged coleslaw. Fries were an afterthought due to the pickle found underneath.  watched a young waiter spill two drinks, or e on a customer.  Same waiter after avoiding a table with cash payment, waiting for them to leave so he could pocket the change, finally got them change, as soon as they left he pulled out his wallet and put the tip inside.So unprofessional. Food from a box and under trained staff. Not if they begged would I go back.
4	Wow! The pizza was awesome! I took my family on a Monday night, not very crowded (pre-MNF game time) and we ordered a 12 inch regular crust pepperoni with extra cheese and garlic pizza. It was incredible! The service was good and the waiter was very informative. The atmosphere was good. I recommend this pizza for dine in or carry out.
5	The margarita pizza is the best! It's a great little spot with a bunch of beer choices, good food, and friendly service.
