4	One of the big pros of going to a major tire chain like Discount is their vast number of locations and ability to get warranty work done at any of their stores.Recently, I had to get a valve stem changed on one of my cars as it had cracked. After a quick trip to discount, they repaired if for free (because I had bought tires there) And to help avoid long ass lines, you can schedule an appointment with them and order everything online! How awesome is that? Needless to say, I have saved a lot of time with this method vs. the traditional walk up.
5	Went in this morning to get new front tires on my car and was in and out in less then 30 minutes! WOOHOO!!! Granted I did luck out that I went as soon as they opened and already setup an appointment using their online appointment/tire selector tool found online. On a random side note, they have the nicest restroom I have ever seen in a tire shop.... No... seriously, go check it out next time you have to get your tires changed or balanced or whatever... Oh... and their staff are all very friendly to!
5	I think we should say  thank you to businesses when they do a good job. I would like to say Thank You to Kenneth the manager of this location. I made an appointment at 6am this morning for a 9:45 visit. Kenneth called me at 8am to confirm my appointment and gave me a quote over the phone for two tires for a Dodge Truck 3500.   This time I did not have to wait a long period of time for a tire change. I recommend this location, the staff was polite and professional all the way to the time I picked up my vehicle. Again. Thank You!
5	Really helpful with researching a good tire for my Jeep...no sales pressure...fast service...
5	Had a problem with a custom wheel on my Porsche and Brian the manager went way beyond the call of duty in searching all over the US to get me a chrome rim at an unbelievable price. My wife and I both have purchased full tire sets from this store within the past two years and the service, pricing and customer care is outstanding.I highly recommned it.
5	I've been coming to Discount Tire Co. since I got my first car when I was 16 back in Arizona.  Now I'm almost 31 and I still go here for anything tire related.  While their prices are comparable to their competition, Discount's service is what sets them apart.  From the moment you arrive, a technician greets you and walks out to your car to assess what is needed.  Whether it's a flat tire, rotation, or complete set of wheels, they are always attentive and take time to make sure the costumer is at ease.  They are always honest, and usually finish jobs before the estimated completion time.  Examples of great service from my experiences here:- Hours say they open at 8am.  This morning a tech came out at 7:53 to get my car started. - In the past, I've had a blown tire with the factory warranty still in effect that I was not aware of.  Discount let me know and replaced the tire for free.  - Always checks other locations around town to match me up with right/perfect tire for my needs and budget.  Bottom line, if you ever need anything tire related, stop by any Discount Tire Co.  You won't be disappointed.
5	I love Discount Tire - I have been disappointed by almost any other tire place I've tried.I was getting ready to leave town on a long road trip and saw a large crack in my tire when I went to put air in it (Goodyear Eagles - very disappointed in the quality Goodyear!).  Anyway, I went home to get my receipt only to see they were out of warranty, but luckily I bought the extended warranty (you can haggle on the extended price btw) but thought maybe even that was out of warranty based on milage.  To my happy surprise the extended warranty replaced that tire for free as its covered till there's zero tread.  Of course I had to buy another front tire but it wasn't the worst thing seeing as how the tread was past mfgs suggested life anyway.I had no appointment but they were super quick and got me out in about an hour which really helped me keep time on my road trip (hate driving unfamiliar highways in the dark).  The entire staff are as nice as can be too.Added bonus:  Freed's Bakery is a few feet away so you can lift your damaged-tire spirits with some awesome treats.
2	Nice people.   However, I heard a really crazy sound coming from my tire that sounded like a flat even though there wasn't one.  They checked the tires and assured me that there were no flats or any issues even though you could hear a sound on every tire rotation.HOWEVER... the next day because I was worried that I would have a blowout, I drove it to the Toyota dealership.   There, I was told that one of my tires had a nail in it, and it caused severe tire warping which required the rest of my tires to be replaced.Unfortunately Discount Tires could have not only made a sale but prevented a potentially dangerous situation by saying there was nothing wrong.  Scary.I'm going to say that it was at the end of the night so they probably were in a hurry to get home.  But on the flip side, could you imagine if your mechanic told you the same thing about a part of your vehicle that could be fatal at high speeds?  Yeah.Nice fellows there, but this particular experience makes me a little wary of their expertise.  I can't vouch for their prices though.  I'm sure they have a lot more variety than a dealer and at better prices knowing what I paid.
1	Went to store to have a tire installed on a after market wheel.  295/25/22.  When the employee saw the rim and wheel he said let me check something. Within a few seconds he said the tire does not handle the weight of my car and he can't swap he tire. I knew right when he saw the tire he didn't want to do it.  I went home looked up the tire load and the load was higher than the stock tires.  That was very unprofessional what the employee did.  I want to tire works and they did an amazing job.This is not how you taker care of any customers that walk in the front door.
1	I almost never get on yelp to bash a business, but these guys are terrible. Will NEVER take my business to this location again! I have previously had tires installed at the Discount Tire location off of East Sunset Rd a few years ago and had a preferctly good experience there. Since then I moved to the Silverado Ranch area, and this location is right around the corner from me. I figured they'll probably do just as good a job as the Sunset location right? WRONG!Cliff Notes Version:1. TERRIBLE INSTALL TIME: Install was supposed to take 30 minutes. I ended up at the shop for over 1.5 hours. They said it was all because one of the tires shipped to them was defective so they had to find a different tire to temporarily install. I get that that will add some time to the install, but NOT over an hour of time! That's unacceptable.2. FAILURE TO FOLLOW UP: They said they would call me when the new tire came in. After 3 days of not hearing anything, I had to call them to find out thy had already received the tire.3. COULDN'T CARE LESS ATTITUDE: Expressed no regret for failing to install in a reasonable time frame and for not informing me when the new replacement tire had arrived. Tried to laugh it off like it was no big deal. I NEVER got an actually apology from ANY staff member about being inconvenienced!  The people there SEEM like they are nice and that they care, but based on their actions, they simply don't.Full Version:I set up my appointment for 8 AM Tuesday morning. As I was setting it up, the guys told me he would be able to get me out in about 30 minutes, which was perfect since I would be able to make it to work on time. I show up at 8, get all the payment taken care of and the guys roll my car into the bay. About 20 minutes later, one of the tech tells me that one of the new tires is defective, so they can't install it. He says they will just re-install the old tire until a new one comes in. OK that kind of sucks but completely out of their control so I'm fine with that. After about another 20 minutes, the tech comes back to tell me they can't re-install my old tire because it is too worn, so they are going to install a new tire of a different brand, again as a temporary measure until the tire i want comes in. At this point I'm getting a bit agitated because it's already been about 40 minutes and I'm starting to worry about getting to work on time. So I tell them to go ahead with whatever they need to do and I can come back on another day when they get the right tire in. About ANOTHER 20 minutes goes by and I'm looking at my car and there's no one working on it. I observe for about 5 minutes and then I finally ask someone what's going on and point out that my car is just sitting there with all 4 wheels off and no one working on it. At this point I've been at the shop for over an hour and I'm definitely running late for work. Finally after a few more minutes i see people working on my car, but stil notice times when nothing is going on with it. The staff tells me that they are delayed because they are pulling a different tire out to replace the defective one. I can understand that delaying them 15 minutes or so, but that's about it. Finally after OVER ONE AND A HALF HOURS, they tell me my car is ready. Without yelling or getting animated, I make it pretty clear to the guy that I'm not too happy about having to wait so long. He just kind of grins, shrugs his shoulders and says we were trying to find a different tire, then sort of laughs it off. So even though the staff sounds friendly and caring, their reaction really shows they COULDN'T CARE LESS.So before I left, they told me that they were going to order a new replacement tire and call me when they got it in. they told that twice... that THEY were going to call ME. Well 3 days go by and I haven't heard from them. So finally I give them a call and ask what the status is of my last tire. Well wouldn't you know it... they already received it! But of course, they didn't call me as promised. So I make an appointment to get the last tire installed and ask the guy how long it will take. He says he'll get me out in 15 minutes. I remind him that he had promised my 30 minutes on the original install and I was sitting in his shop for over an hour and a half. He takes an aww shucks attitude without apologizing and says we'll make sure we get you out in time.Fortunately, I can say that the single tire install was completed without any issues and I was in and out in about 20 minutes. Still doesn't save this guys from getting a 1-star review.
4	Scheduled an appointment online the previous day and got in and out fairly quick. Free bottled water is always nice too.
5	I went here for the first time ever in March and bought 4 brand new tires for my Infiniti M35. Now... my tires aren't cheap because they are 19" sports and have TPMS, so it's hard to find good tires for under $1,000/set. I met the store manager and he was super informative on everything to do with tires. He has a similar car and can relate to me. I never once felt like I was being up charged or pushed into something I didn't want. I had picked out 4 Falcons and he gently told me that he was against them for my car. He said in the Vegas heat they would only last 1-2 years and would start squealing and having TPMS problems after that. Instead, he recommended 4 Nito Motivos. They are new to the market, so he printed out the two sheets for me to compare. After sitting in the lobby comparing the two, I came to the conclusion that he was right. Even though they were a tad more expensive, I was going to get more "bang for my buck" with the Nito's. The tire installation was fast. They had to have two of my tires delivered from another store but even with that I was out in an hour. They offer free bottled water and have a huge waiting area. Another benefit is that you are in the Target shopping center so you have a lot around you if you want to get up and stretch your limbs. I walked over to Freed's Bakery and had some treats while I was waiting for my vehicle to be finished. They texted me when my car was done and my tires were beautiful!! Plus I got out of there for $700...I was elated.Just a couple of weeks ago my TPMS sensor went off and I was concerned so I brought my car back in to Discount. They found a bubble in my tire that was a manufacturer defect but could have popped while I was driving. They took this very seriously and replaced the tire right away, free of charge. They also filled up my tires with air and rotated them for free. Great customer service!!
4	Brought in a flat that AAA had just repaired. Thought I might need a new set.I was told I'm good for another 5,000 miles. They repaired the flat, put the spare back underneath my suv and there was No Charge.....They said it was there company policy. Everyone was very nice.
5	Monday I had a low tire warning in my car. Called the jag dealership, they wanted to order a new tire without looking at the car. They do not fix flats. I went to this business and expected the same. I made an appointment. The place was packed. I was offered water. My car was looked at, I was told it would take 40 minutes(I expected longer). In 25 min the tech came out, said the repair was done and they were pulling the car up to the front door, and there was no charge. Everyone was friendly , professional,on time with my appointment, and it was free!!!  I would recommend this tire place to everyone. I brought a book because I thought I would be spending the day there. What a pleasant surprise.
5	Came in to get my tires balance on Monday and as it turns out 2 of my tires were bad, so I purchased 2 new tires. On wednesday I notice my wheel shaking, I suspected that the front tires where never balanced. I came in and spoke with Zak the assistant manager, and turns out I was right the front tires were not in fact balance it had been a miss communication between the front and the technicians in the back, long story short Zak resolve the problem and I am a happy customer. People make mistakes it happens, but the fact that they owned up to the mistake and were more than willing to fix it makes them a great place to get your tires fixed, replaced or any other tire related need. Highly recommended the customer service is great. Five stars
5	They are wonderful! The team is professional, friendly, and service is very fast. We checked in the car at about 8:30 am, went over Krispy Creme for a donut and coffee, and they were done by the time we came back. They totally honor the mileage warranty and are helpful in selecting new tires if you want to try a different brand. I shopped around and they definitely have the lowest prices. I highly recommend them for your next tire service.
2	I took my car in to have my tires rotated, my low air light was on as well.  When they were finished the guy who parked my car told me the light was still on but that the air was good and just needed to be driven on, which sounds fine since it needs that when I put air in myself too.  I get home and the light isn't off yet so I check my air pressure which should be 32 psi.  Not even close, my tires range from 24-28 psi!  No wonder the light is still on, they are still low because the Discount Tire employee lied straight to my face on the work that had been done, so now I'm not even sure they rotated the tires at all and just wasted my morning.  I've been buying my tires here because it's reasonably convenient and include rotations, but no more.  Liars don't get my business, so I'll be taking it somewhere else.
4	Ok. So I admit I'm a total girly girl and I don't know how to put air in my tires. I've just never cared to learn. Plus it doesn't help that my dad has always been my go to person for my car needs. I've had the pleasure of always having low tire pressure. Must be my amazing Asian driving skills. Anyway, everyone has always been so friendly with my ignorance of tire pressure. So here's how the convo sounds. Me: Um yeah hi, the little exclamation point light on my dash is on. Tire guy: ok just pull your car into this empty spot and we will check it for you. Tire guy does his thing and puts air in my tires.Tire guy: yeah your front passenger was 4 pounds under and your front driver was at a 30 PSI.Me: um ok just make the light go away thanks. I've never had a problem with them taking advantage of my "unknowing-ness." I would totally recommend this location to anyone with a flat. Only thing, wait times can be a little long right when they open up.
5	Great service! Love the idea of 1 bay just to check tire pressure. Went in and out in minutes , left knowing my tires were in good shape and properly inflated! All for FREE! Will definitely get my next set of tires here.
3	The first person was very friendly and helpful. I felt the second guy was trying to shake me down and mentioned that last time didn't buy an extended warranty etc. To cover my tires. I always felt they covered any issues in past without an extended warranty. In the past I never felt pressured to spend 300$ on 2 tires for a 2006 corolla.
4	One of my cars had a blowout, so I took my car over to DT. I also decided to change to a domestic brand to replace the factory 17-inch Hankook tires on my Hyundai.I got DT to special order some nice BF Goodrich tires for me and even got them price-matched too (with free shipping). It took 2 days to receive them, and got them installed the next morning. In all, I got a set of HPAS tires for a really great price.
5	Came in with my 335i with flat tire.  Billy was  very helpful and able to look up my vehicle history from previous owners number.  He was pushing me to get both rear tires replaced since it's a rwd.  I decided to get the free replacement instead. Honest and informative guy!  Will come here again if I get a flat tire!
5	After a failed tire rotation and repair at Purrfect Auto Service down the street, I went here and they were great.  I had a low right rear tire and when I went to the other place asked them to rotate my tires and repair the low one.  They said, no tire repair was needed and that they rotated my tires.  Two weeks later the same tire was low in the same location.  Went to Discount Tire and they agreed the other place hadn't rotated them and that the tire had a small nail.  Both were taken care of and I was on my way in 45 minutes.  Thanks,
5	Good friendly service, walked in and was out the door an hour later with four new trailer tires for my toy hauler.  The upsell on additional warranties wasn't too pushy, once I said no they let it go.  I will definitely come back to this location.
5	I have been coming to this location Discount Tires for many years.  They took great care of my old die hard Toyota and now my Honda CRV.  Billy is always there with that great smile and friendly service.  Automotive Care in Las Vegas can be challenging but not for tires.  Came in and drove away with 4 new tires in about an hour.  Thanks guys!!!
5	Traveling through town these guys hooked me up nice and quick so we could be back on our way good tire store.
4	Four Feel Goods, This place never disappoints me, I just love coming here for my tires, they treat you with respect and are always attentive to me when I arrive. They are fast and efficient and explained everything vary well as far as tire service goes.   I  truly believe the are the best in town for tires and their warranty I've had to use a few time is worth the price. Onetime I had a bad tire and they replaced it for free didn't even ask me which was awesome!   I've used a few others in town Like Big O, Firestone which did not go as well so this is why I come here. This location also has a lot around like shopping and food  to hold you over while your service is being done but I have to say I never really ever had to wait that long.  I don't really like the chairs in the waiting room but there are a lot and I have had worse at other places so not much to complain about there but I can live with it.  If you want great service with things to do close by check them out.
5	Yesterday, I noticed a nail in my tire. Not sure how long it's been in there, but the tire pressure seems to be fine. I called Discount Tire at 10am this morning and drove in at 11am. They removed the nail, patched/filled the tire and I was out of there in less than 30 mins. I was expecting them to force me to buy a set of rear tires (original tires since 2006), but no! He understood that shelling out $400+ under pressure was not ideal, and gave me time to think about replacing. In conclusion, I will definitely come back here for a set of tires. Great customer service, nice people, and a comfortable environment. Thanks again!
5	Got my tire fixed quickly. Friendly associates. Affordable, which is good enough I didn't bother calling any where else.
5	I absolutely love this place. They always take such good care of me. I highly recommend making an appointment, although this location has a lot going on to keep you busy while you wait. I love the complimentary tire repair program. I recently bent my wheel and needed to replace it & the tire. Unfortunately, they couldn't get the exact same wheel, but whatever. It is what it is. A new wheel and a new tire for about $100. Not too shabby. Customer service is always on point. I was running late to pick my car up, but they assured me it was no problem.
5	Great Customer Service..We came from out of town and while driving out here we noticed a nail in the tire. We went to tire works and the man said the tire couldn't be repaired and we had to buy a new one. We decided to read the reviews which everyone said was bad. We decided to go to discount tires and they were able to fix the tire and we didn't need to buy a new one. Go to this place you won't be disappointed!!!
2	I figured I had a nail in my tire as I had a slow puncture, so I took it in to get it patched up as I could see for myself it could be saved. I went in and honestly heard them talking to a young looking woman about something that actually was a lie, but it wasn't my business as I guess it's their job to up-sell when they can. After a dealing with a really nice man (sorry I can't remember your name) who took care of me quickly, a younger guy came out and told me he wouldn't put the tire back on because the tread was warn dangerously low. I grew up fixing cars with my family so I was fully aware of this, which I think took him by surprise. After spending about 30 minutes explaining they were liable if I were in an accident with that tire on, he tried to sell not only 1 tire, but 2 and then conveniently I needed 4. I'd like to point out the price for this changed TWICE. Anyway, not a fan of being pressured I asked him to put the spare on, which seemed to greatly annoy him. I was prepared to go back for my new tires the next week, HOWEVER...when I got home and opened my trunk, I discovered they had broken the board that covers my spare. Not only was an entire corner broken off, but the board was snapped down the middle. This is just a ridiculous way to treat a customer! Just because I didn't spend the money and I had some items in my truck, the least they could do is ask me to move a few things if that was what made it difficult to put back. Because of this I ended up going to another place to get 4 brand new tires. Ok, so I spent about $200 more in total, but I got better tires for the quote, excellent customer service and on top of that, when I got home this time, I saw the second place I went to had actually attempted to fix the board without me even saying a thing about it!Customer service will get you a long and I think giving Discount Tire my new married name and new address, they didn't realize I was a regular there, so if this is how they treat new customers, I would beware. I won't be returning.
2	The service is good but their attention to detail needs work.  before I came here I bought special tire valve caps at autozone that show you when the tire pressure is low.  After I got a new tire here the special cap was gone for that tire!Another thing that urked me was that I bought one new Pirelli P6 tire from here but when I looked at the tires manufacture date on the tire it was over 2 and a half years ago.  They had to order my tire so it took a week to get and while I waited they "held on to" my Audi wheels rim which I did not care for (I like to have possession of my own stuff thank you).
5	At first I thought my tire was low from all my overeating, which isn't that far fetched. Alas, I had a small nail in my tire and boy was I freaking the freak out.At Discount Tire, they will remove a nail and fix your tire FOR FREE!!!!I was so grateful the one time they put air in my tires, but now this!!?!?!?!!?Who even does that? Fix a tire for free? They will definitely have my business the next time I need a new tire, which I will because like I said, I put a lot of weight on those tires!.
2	I am not normally one to bash a place, however I left this place with a bad taste in my mouth and headed straight to another shop. I initially went in to get my tire patched. Although the guys were friendly, I felt like they were trying to pull one over on me. I was told that there is no way that they could patch the tire because of the placement of the staple that penetrated it...oh and that I need to purchase four new tires! Of course. After he quoted me a price, I asked to take a few minutes to make a decision. In this time I did some price comparing online and by calling other local establishments. I politely told the gentleman that was helping me that I appreciated his time, but that I was going to hold off on purchasing the tires. Instead of encouraging me to "come back when I was ready", he appeared annoyed and quickly dismissed me to help another guest. The best part of this entire experience was that the other business I ended up going to patched my "unpatchable" tire within 10 minutes.
1	Took my car in to fix a flat. Taking it to the sunset location today to get it fixed again this location SUCKS. Poor service!
5	This place deserves a 5 star :) They have very good prices and the best customer service I've seen in any tire shop. Very clean and professional, if you're looking for a tire shop in the valley stop by here first. You can drop off your car and they'll take care of everything for you. The staff is friendly and they actually know what they're doing. Billy the assistant manager was the best, he definitely took great care of us! 2 flat tires and we were heading back to LA. They were closing and billy made sure we got take care of!! I highly recommend this location for their service and friendliness and they were very accommodating.
5	I always love this place. They are clean and nice and swift. The have first class customer service.  No mater how many people are there the line is never a long wait and they great you like you're the first and most important customer of the day. I drop my car off for free balance and rotation and they seem glad to have me. I called at 10:26 and thy took my car in by 10:45. I have lunch and come back to safe fully checked and serviced tires. It's fantastic!
5	I'm so happy I ended up buying my tires from here. Ran around town getting different quotes from all over the place, sams club, tire works, pep boys and sears... they ended up matching the price and gave me a better discount.  Rob took really good care of me and helped me out, awesome! Very clean, friendly and they let me bring my pet in while I waited. Never got a shady vibe from them like I did at some of the other places. Will always come here to this location as long as I live here in Vegas! Thanks guys!
5	Pulled up to do some shopping at the stores. I got out of my car and all I heard was air gushing out of my front driver'a side tire!!!   Thank God a Discount Tires was right there!!!  They saw that a 2nd tire was about to go too!  Went in and the manager Ralph went right up to me and shook my hand and asked what they could help me with!  They changed Both tires with in 15 minutes!!!  Only charged me $50 per tire!  They were awesome!!!!  I would definately go there again, especially for my next 2 tires.   :)   Thanks so much guys!!!
