4	At the time of this review, Hop Farm is still in the development stages. They do not pour by the pint, serve food, or even have seating yet; though, I was assured that these are currently being addressed. What does Hop Farm have? 1) Great, FRESH beer. 2) Growlers (for sale) to transport this great beer if you don't have one already. (As well as some other merchandise). 3) A team which is enthusiastic about beer. 4) And a following of beer aficionados who love beer which makes Hop Farm an awesome place to fill up a growler and chat with others relishing the prospering craft beer scene which is locally brewing.
5	Came to Pittsburgh to taste all the local breweries and Hop Farm was on the list.  So glad we did.  The owner was super friendly and the beer was great.  Partial to IPAs which was good but OMG the coffee porter was out of this world.  I love coffee, as you put the glass to your lips you get this great coffee scent and it finishes with a nicely balance coffee taste.  Left with the Russian Imperial Stout to have when we get back to Philly. Oh almost forgot. He grows his own hops!!!Totally cool.
5	Amazing. Everything a craft brewery is supposed to be, PLUS THE AMERICAN DREAM ALIVE AND KICKIN'!! The brewmaster, Matt, served us himself last night - just samples and growlers, of course - and told us the tale of his two-years-in-the-mashing project, The Hop Farm! Every single one of his current five drafts (ranging from saison to Russian Imperial Stout!) was just a piece of creamy art, making my tongue a more well-rounded, worldy person as a whole...THEN he revealed that these weren't even his favourites or specialties...but sour beers sure are (he's salivating just thinking about them), and they're on their way! Sheesh! I'm not a sour beer lady myself, but if he was just bored and sloughed out these other masterpieces, I'd be more than willing to give his sour creations a try. Needless to say, we left with four growlers. Yeehaw!
3	Beers here start at hoppy and get hoppier.  I guess that's to be expected from a place called Hop Farm?  It's not my personal preference, hence the lower start rating, but the space and the atmosphere were fun.  If you're a fan of hoppy beers - give it a try.
5	You know when you walk into a place and you get that feeling right away that you're gonna like it? Hop Farm is such a place.  A sunny winter Saturday found the owner Matt outside cleaning the windows and he greeted us as we walked in to do some long awaited sampling. A warm, comfy bar area and a super friendly and knowledgable bartender provided a great start to a fabulous tasting experience. The 5 brews we tasted ranged from the Hop Farm IPA  to a chocolate cherry porter leftover from the valentines day experiment. The IPA  was remarkable and we ended up with a growler of that to take home.  Not too citrusy, a distinct hop forward taste, and a refreshing finish made this the best of the 10 beers I sampled all day. Highly recommended.  The nut brown was a terrific version of that style and if I had another empty growler I would have filled it with nut brown.  The porter was made with Prestogeorge coffee and was also incredible. And believe it or not, the chocolate cherry porter was interesting and worthy of knocking back maybe one glass. I love the concept and the commitment to local sourcing. Growing their own hops and supporting local farmers and merchants makes this a remarkable brewery that is worthy of your support (and mine!). A truly good find. Look for it soon at your local pub! In the meantime, get down here with that empty growler!!
5	I'm not sure what it is about Brewery guys that makes me instantly like them. Perhaps it's their passion for what they're doing and wanting everyone else to understand why they are so proud of this wonderful beer they've produced. Whatever it is, I've decided I really like chatting with brewers and tasting what they've made. Hop Farm Brewing Company won me over with one sip of their amazing Hop Farm IPA. It nice and hoppy, complex in flavor and makes you instantly want to drink more of it. In fact, we decided to fill a growler of this wonderful IPA after just a couple of sips. I do love my brown ales and they've got 2 outstanding choices. My favorite was their One Nut Brown with just a hint of chocolate and very nutty without any bitterness. Very smooth and it required a 2nd sample (just so I could be sure how much I liked it)! Their Fresh Pot of Porter uses local Prestogeorge coffee and was also very tasty. The special Valentines brew of Chocolate & Cherry Stout surprised me by how much I liked it. The cherry was just enough of a hint to notice but not overpower and very smooth. The brewers are going to start growing hops at a local farm in Cranberry near Graham Park in the spring and are stepping up production to begin selling & distributing cans soon. For now, we'll just keep filling up a growler because they are making some really, really tasty beer here!
4	This is a beer sampling stop.  No food, no seats.  That said, great beer.  As usual. Lovin,' the nut brown, availb in cans.  Fresh Pot of porter - coffee tones - will keep you up at night!Newbie shop is all handmade.   They are growing local hops which is pretty cool.Bring your growler or buy there to bring home and enjoy.  Good luck Hop Farms!
4	I stopped by here this past Saturday afternoon with my fiance. I had been wanting to stop by here for quite a while but due to their limited evening hours W-F and then most of the day Saturday, I had not been able to make it.  So I was excited whenever we finally made it there this past Saturday.  The inside of this place is both small and very clean.  Since it is small there's not much to it other than some nice pictures of hops adorning the walls and then a bar with a chalkboard featuring their beers behind it.  The day that I was there they had 4 beers on tap and my fiance and I ended up trying three of them between the two of us.  I tried both the IPA and a cherry beer while my fiance tried the brown.  I first tried the cherry beer which was a milder beer that had some sourness to it from the tart cherries.  Then I tried the IPA which had some strong hop flavor led by some Centennial Hops which I confirmed were in the beer with the employee there.  In the end I ended leaving with a growler of the cherry.The bottom line for me is that I would stop by here again in the future.  All of their beer was pretty good and I am interested in seeing what new kinds they can come up with.
5	It's really exciting to see new local breweries popping up in Pittsburgh.  I went to a group meeting event hear and was able to sample all of their beers and receive a tasting class for $10 and got a tour of the facilities.  The guys working there were very friendly and knowledgeable about their beer.  They had a nice range of different varieties, and had a really interesting unique beer that tasted like a slightly sour wheat cherry beer that was quite good and I normally don't even like sour beers or cherry flavored drinks.  They only have beer samples and growlers for sale with no food yet but they are planning on expanding to have food soon.
5	Hop Farm Brewing Company sits on a nondescript corner off of Butler. The space is nice and open, with a very down to earth friendly atmosphere. They give tastes for free of all of their brews (tipping is appreciated of course), and once you select the one (or two or three :) you would like, they fill up your growler and you're on your way. We were there for approximately a half hour and I was pleased to see how many people came in, filled up their growlers and were out the door in a few minutes. If I lived in Pittsburgh this would be on my way home and receive at least three weekly drive-by's. They had four beers on tap when we stopped by. The Cherry I should not comment on since anything cherry + beer equals a turn off. Too many bad lambic encounters, one would suppose.However, the Provision was exceptional. It has a nice mild start and an interesting spicy finish. Certainly can be pared with quite a few snacks and dishes. One Nut Brown was exactly as advertised. A bit nutty on the palate and then doesn't linger too much afterwards.My favorite of course was the Hop Farm IPA. Just the right amount of hops, not overpowering, and very easy to drink. My dousing and I finished off an entire growler when we arrived home.Since I was visiting, picking up a t-shirt was pretty much mandatory. If you live or travel by the area, I'd recommend a stop in to see how a great sustainable business operates.
5	The IPA is exceptional. Visiting from Charlotte, I was curious about the brewing seen up here. Fellow PITT alumni Matt was working the tap room with finesse and kept everyone's glasses full and conversations going!! Killer IPA so I left with a growler to remember where to grab beer when I visit the Burgh!! HAIL TO PITT!!
3	Nice local brewpub. The atmosphere is fairly basic, but the beer speaks for itself. I tried the coffee porter and wow, what a strong coffee taste! This beer will definitely wake you up. I was sad to see that they no longer had the cherry bomb beer but it may be seasonal. Also, they have cheese plates and you can order a cheese plate along with a flight of beer, which is exactly what I plan on doing at my next visit!
5	My own Lawrenceville bar crawl has serendipitously become the usual routine when I find myself with a free day.  This inevitably starts with a stop at Hop Farm and I work my way down Butler Street (and sometimes across the 40th Street Bridge and into Millvale, but that's another story). When Hop Farm first opened, I have to admit, I wasn't really impressed.  I think the name turned me off as I am not a fan of really hoppy beers and nothing really stood out to me with their first few offerings.  But once they started offering samplers and pints and branched out their brews, my feelings started to change.  Could I like a place with the word "hop" in its name?  The answer: yes!  I've enjoyed their session ales, coffee porter, even a pint of their more sour beers while sitting at a corner of the bar.  They even offer sausages and a cheese plate that pairs with their samples.The space includes several tables as well as the bar for easy entertaining whether by yourself or with a group of friends.  Even when it's crowded it doesn't feel crowded.  The atmosphere has a nice open flow and the owners/bartenders could not be nicer.Be warned, parking there can be a little tricky.  There are a few spots at the side of the building but the road is very narrow.  Hop Farm happens to be on part of Butler Street where there is no parking so you'll have to go a few blocks down or turn down a side street if there's no space next to the building.  My suggestion is to get their early.  That way you don't have to worry about parking or finding a seat at the bar.
