5	I've been to Z-Cafe several times and each time I'm impressed. All the food is made fresh while you wait. I LOVE their burritos... the potatoes in them are so perfectly cooked and I'm SUCH a fan of their sandwiches, too. Good Boar's Head meats, but I think I like their bread the most!The salsa is great, although the hot one isn't really hot at all. I'm luck enuf to live very close, but even if you don't, the trip is worth it.
4	Can I say yummy!!!Great food, great delivery service.  I have never eaten at their place, but have never been dissatisfied with my order.  You gotta try the cookies!!
4	Very good food, friendly service and reasonable prices.  What more can you ask for from a neighborhood eatery.
5	Some of the best deli sandwiches I've ever had. Everything is homemade and the potato salad is amazing.
5	Z Cafe is my ideal local deli.  I love nearly all of their sandwiches, they serve some of the best potato salad I've ever had, and their owners/employees are very nice.
5	Some of the best deli sandwiches I've ever had. The owners make most everything from scratch and remember your name. Not to mention the potato salad is amazing.
5	My co-worker introduced me to this fantastic place for lunch one day, now I go there almost every Saturday and enjoy the same sandwich. The owner is so friendly and works side by side with the staff every day. The meats are amazing, right away you can taste the difference in the high quality Boar's Head that they use. Whenever I order fruit as a side dish it is always the most fresh of what is in season. Everyone that I have brought here has commented that they are now "addicted".
4	I love small locally owned lunch spots.   The owners take pride in the food they prepare!!!  I have had a varitey of their sandwiches and soup of the day and never a bad meal.  The sandwiches have allot of great combinations and are far from your boring Subway or Quizno's.  House made pasta and other salads are allways fresh.  They also make some nice breakfast goodies but, generally I allways roll in at luch time.   Give Z Cafe a try !!!!
5	I love this place. We have ordered their food through my office for years, and they are consistently fresh and delicious. I have only eaten onsite once, and I loved the atmosphere. It is a very small cafe, but the staff is friendly no matter how busy they are. This is a great find!!
4	This is a very nice little cafe.  I have been here twice and had sandwiches both times.  Really good!  My last time in I had the Turkey, Bacon and Avocado on Whole Wheat.  The bread is really tasty and the meat is good quality.  I would choose this place over Subway 100 times out of 100.  I'll be back.
5	I've been enjoying Z Cafe several times a month for the past 3 years and I never tire of the delicious food on the menu. Z Cafe is one of my favorite local restaurants. Great for breakfast and lunch. Everything is always fresh and made to order. Quality delicious food at a great price. Super friendly service and tasty fresh baked cookies. The smoothies and coffee drinks are great too! If you haven't been here yet make it a priority.
5	The food here is delicious and the staff is always very friendly! My personal favorites are the Roast Beef sandwich and the Chicken Caesar Salad. Not to mention that they serve the best potato salad I've ever had. Stop by for lunch and I promise you won't regret it!
5	Delicious sandwiches, wraps, salads, etc. Love their new Berry Blast Frozen Lemonade! Prices are decent. Staff is super friendly! It's hard to find a place that uses such fresh, quality ingredients like this place does. They have a visitor punch card and will also announce deals on their Facebook, which is nice for frequent visitors like myself. I recently moved about 20 minutes away and admit that I will still occasionally go out of my way to grab lunch here. Definitely recommend stopping by here if you're look for something more fresh!
5	We found Z-Cafe via a coupon in our Entertainment book and have returned many times! It's a cozy little sandwich place with friendly owners and solid food. And the best chocolate chip cookies you'll find anywhere. Highly recommend for breakfast or lunch!
4	One of my favorite sandwich shops hands down.  Its a great place breakfast and lunch.
4	Hubs was down with pneumonia in a motel room (Kill. Me. Now) and sent me out for organic orange juice and a bagel. In Arizona. He may as well have sent me out for  a needle in a haystack. Arizona isn't as into the bagel scene as Portland.Made it to Dunkin Donuts, which I understand now carries all kinds of bagels (who knew?) But they were OUT of OJ!! I backed out of the drive through, and looked to my Yelp oracle for guidance....Once again, Yelp did not disappoint. It sent me to Z-Cafe.... a great concept cafe.... nothing but a counter fridge, and expresso machine, a juicer and 3 hot plates.... but they turn out some seriously good and fresh food. I got fresh squeezed orange juice and a bagel with cream cheese, but I saw some yummy omelets being made.....will stop by on my next visit to Mesa.
5	Fresh, fast, delicious & healthy! Who could ask for more?! My favorite is the Gabber w/ Turkey. Avocado, cucumber, sprouts, mayo, tomato & thin slices of red onion on fresh bread. Yum!
5	We live nearby and this is one of the friendliest places in the area to go.  the owner is always welcoming and the staff friendly.  In 4-5 years of going there we have never once had a bad meal or unpleasant visit.
4	After having lunch here, I'm upset at having passed by this place so often and never stopping in.  There were lots of "emergency personnel" which is generally a sign of good eats.  My lunch was delicious and the service was friendly and fast.  Looking forward to coming again!
5	Excellent burrito. Real food. Good coffee
5	For breakfast, get the Albuquerque. For lunch any sandwich is a good sandwich but the godfather is amazing.  This is probably my favorite sandwich shop in Arizona. If you're a fan of hot sandwiches go straight for the godfather and don't look back.  They have decent coffee as well.
5	this place food is great. even my husband who is the pickest eater really liked his sandwich that he had. I had the egg salad which is oddly difficult to find in the city and it was perfect. the potato salad is also the best I've found so far.
5	Super yummy sandwiches! Melanie is always so helpful! Come try the z chick!
5	Everything I have ordered is fresh, delicious & quickly prepared. My favorites include Melz Wrap, Z-Chick, and the freshly baked cookies.
5	ItOmg!!!!! Soooooooo goooooooooood!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Best sandwiches I've ever had, ever! And I've eaten a lot of really good sandwiches.First I had the signature burrito, awesome. Then I had the Aloush, wow! Then...then I tried the godfather. Yummy!
4	Your average neighborhood place dishing out delish food!!I love coming here for Saturday brunches... their raspberry latte is may fav :)All the sandwiches I tried so far (more than 7-8), they all rock!!Must Try!!
5	Great sandwiches!  Excellent breads! Avocado BLT on whole grain rocks my world!
4	Can't really get better then a family owned deli! The food there is great! I use to go there all the time when our office was close and now that we moved I miss it every day. Try the Godfather, it is so good!
5	Just ate here for the first time today, and I love this place! Everyone who worked there was incredibly nice and friendly. Their soda machine was not doing well on carbonation, so the owner personally jumped up and got us several cans out of the fridge and said we could have as many as we liked. The food is really high quality. I got Maddy's Grilled Cheese (cheddar, cream cheese, and avocado) on sourdough with a side of potato salad, and it was great! The bread was perfectly grilled and the potato salad was really creamy and a bit different from regular American potato salad (and really tasty). My husband got the Godfather sandwich, which he really enjoyed. The ambience was very casual and laid back. Not exactly cozy, but you can sit down to eat your lunch or breakfast in comfort. I'd highly recommend it to anyone in the area looking for a good sandwich.
3	I don't know what everyone is raving about.  I got the Godfather at the suggestion of everyone else.  It was very average.  Greasy, too much mayo.  Wasn't bad, but I wouldn't get it again.  Only good things were the pickle and potato salad.  Staff was friendly, but 5 stars?  Get a grip Mesa.
5	Oh my goodness! This is some fresh food. I am floored at how delicious this place is. Their sourdough is to die for!
5	I have driven past this place countless times and finally decided to give it a try. It looks smaller from the outside than it is on the inside. The staff was very friendly and made some suggestions from the menu. I ordered the Manhattan Club on sourdough bread and was well pleased. The didn't skimp on the meat and the sourdough was very good. I definitely recommend Z Cafe. Be aware they are only open until 4.
5	Ive been a customer of Z Cafe for about six years. Almost two years ago I moved to New Orleans. Im here visiting AZ for a bit and I have been going regularly. The food was already excellent, my favorites are the Godfather and the breakfast burritos. However, Dan has added the best breakfast burrito he has ever made, actually there are two, the Chipotle and the Spicy. The combination of flavors is simply amazing. I have never ever had an average meal here, always A plus. Im so proud to support this place, they deserve the best because they serve the best food. Go there folks.
4	I work right by this place and never stopped in. Pretty good, fresh food. I had a sandwich and soup, pretty tasty.
5	Best lunch in Mesa! It's a must try! Owners are so nice. Big fan of all of the entire menu!!!
5	Yum! Amazing sandwiches! Try the turkey bacon avocado or the godfather :) always friendly service and great for lunch. I'll be coming back for sure!
4	Great little sandwich shop. I had the Turkey, Bacon, & Avocado sandwich. It had a chipotle mayo that was very good.
5	Every time I eat here it is excellent. Sandwiches are awesome, just had the southwest burrito. As a Mexican I approve the burritos.
5	Amazing Sandwiches!!!! Great Soup! Great Salads!   I really do love this place !!!!!!!   THEY HAVE GREAT FOOD AND GREAT SERVICE!!   Don't get that so much these days..
5	Finally a place that truly makes their soup from scratch. The  Very Veggie Turkey soup hit the spot.  I ordered the combo with a small Greek Salad. It was Fast, Friendly and Delicious and also Clean.  Just what I wanted for a healthy quick and tasty lunch.
5	Cute cafe, good for breakfast and lunch. They serve espresso drinks, smoothies, sandwiches, wraps, etc. I tried the iced mocha and it was pretty good! I also ordered the potato breakfast burrito with cheese, eggs and sausage. Very yummy and filling! Check it out Monday thru Saturday!
5	FRESH...FRESH...FRESH... Great food!!! Best BLT & Avocado sandwich Ive ever had.  The owners are great.   I love supporting young business with owner operators working hard to make it.  These guys are doing a great job.  Really great lunch!
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE this place, I go here literally every weekend and love all of their sandwhiches. Their sides are all homemade and are very delicious (especially the potatoe salad). The staff is very friendly and the owners are always there greeting people. Can't say enough great things about Zcafe, best sandwhich place in town!
5	I just started enjoying this great restaurant in January of 2014 and couldn't be more pleased. The food is always delicious and the service is spectacular. I mostly call ahead and pick up the order, but have never had to wait for my food upon arrival. Oh, and the prices are pretty darn good too! Do yourself a favor and check this place out.
5	I'm a foodie, and this place never disappoints!!! I love the amazing sandwiches, so fresh... and great quality boars head meat! Everything is homemade, made to order, and made right infront of you. I always get the Gabster, no cream cheese, and add turkey on 9-grain... to die for! I still need to try the Breakfast Burritos. They have awesome Iced Tea also. Not to mention, they also deliver!!!
5	Came here for breakfast. It is clean inside and the person at the counter seemed nice.  Got the spicy burrito with double meat ham and sausage.It was delicious!!If I wsn't from out of town, I'd come back here for lunch! !  I definitely recommend this place!
5	Always great service and good food. This is great little lunch spot when you need a fast good lunch. Then potato salad is very good.
5	This place has the best sandwiches in town. They let you customize your sandwich, and everything is priced fair.
4	The owner is super nice and the environment is friendly. I got the Dylan is what it is called. Green chillies chicken bacon chipotle dressing. It came as a wrap. It is extremely delicious. I just feel the serving size was a little small. The potato salad was good. The cost was about 8 bucks for everything. From this one sandwich I wouldn't label it as the end all sandwich shop.
5	Z's is soo good! Fresh, healthy, and delicious! Gabster is my fav. Their ranch is great and I love the homemade crouton/chip thingies.
5	Delicious! You pay for quality, and that's what you get here. I got the Dylan without bacon, and the chef himself Dylan made it for me. It tasted great, this place is awesome!
5	All the reviews are true! FRESH FOOD!Had the spicy burrito, and man was it good, cant wait to try out another item on the menu when im in the area!Keep this business up and running! Definitely deserves my business!
5	Always feeling great after eating here. Light food. I enjoy their potato salad. My other favorite is just a simple ham sandwich with lettuce tomato mayo mustard :)
5	The food was fresh and the service was quick. My small salad was large and fresh. The ciabatta sandwich was also fresh and tasty. I will be back.
5	Z-Cafe has turned what could be considered just another boring sandwich into something amazing and FAR from boring! I never even realized how fancy macaroni salad could be until I met this place. I love that the go to sandwich option is now more like a special occasion I need to find an excuse to celebrate often. So glad I found you!!
4	My first time here and I order the turkey bacon avocado on a croissant with a side of watermelon (the seasonal fruit) I was perfectly satisfied and fell in love when I took the first bite! And the fact that the bacon was still hot was nothing less than impressive. Delicious food great prices I will be back!!!
4	Service is great, dining room is clean. Our order included the alloush and June's special (mushroom melt). Both are super delicious and were served promptly however a couple of flaws gave the overall rating 4 stars. First, the bread was soggy/ chewy instead of crunchy like the toasted marks implied. Secondly, I like fresh crispy greens on sandwiches (the spinach was limp and soggy. But that might be just my opinion. Anyway, I totally recommend this place but keep this in mind so you can adjust if necessary and have a happier experience!
3	Delicious sammich. I had the godfather on sourdough. Very good! I would have rated them higher but they cut my sammich in half without asking.
5	Z-Cafe has turned into one of my favorite places for lunch. Their breakfast burritos are a favorite of mine as well. I crave Z's all the time (even before I got pregnant haha)! Always friendly people working and it feels good to be giving money to an incredible small business rather than a bland chain. Everything is so fresh, delicious, and quick. If you haven't tried this place yet-you're missing out!
5	Best sandwiches anywhere! Everything is made fresh and is outstanding. My favorite is the Turkey, Bacon, Avocado ....amazing! Even the sides are made fresh daily. The potatoes salad is out of this world good!You got to try this place!
5	Breakfast burritos are the shiz.  We eat here as a treat when we have time whilst working from home together.  Southwest  is our usual. Salsa IS hot.
5	No matter which sandwiches you decide on skip the mayo & ask for their homemade chipotle sauce instead.  Yum yum
5	I've been looking for a great breakfast burrito place in the area, and have finally found it! I ordered the potato burrito with bacon. The food was great quality, cooked perfectly, and the salsa was delish. Can't wait to try other items on their menu!
5	Love this place. Every time I come up here I stop in for lunch. The food is always fresh and amazing. The owners and staff are always friendly and nice. My favorite sandwich is the Z Chick amazing!
5	Wife picked up turkey, bacon, tomato wrap and a pasta salad. Normally to go orders aren't the best when they get home, but it was delicious! The chipotle mayo added great flavor. Will definitely be back when we're in the area.
5	I found this place by accident.   It comes up on the map app as a coffee shop.   Which it isn't,  really,  but still a Very nice little 'cafe'.  Service was impeccable.  The young lady taking orders is very polite,  engaging,  helpful.  The restaurant was clean and open.  I had the soup (potatoe), which was very good (and hot).  I hate lukewarm soup.  Turkey, bacon, avocado sandwich was also freshly made and as good as the other reviewers stated.  Well worth a stop for lunch, there's some breakfast items on the menu as well.
5	I have not found a better place for a sandwich yet.  The turkey bacon avocado is so good that I think about ordering it the next day while eating it for lunch.  The meat is Boar's Head- awesome.  The breads are amazing, the sauces are delicious and the side dishes are incredible! There isnt a single thing I have ordered that I didn't like.  They don't deliever, but it is worth the drive I assure you.  If you are hungry, go there.  Right now.  Seriously, stop reading and go to Z-Cafe.  Order the Turkey Bacon Avocado on Ciabatta.  Thank me later =)
4	The best potato salad I've ever eaten in a restaurant! Quality ingredients, friendly staff, clean dining area. I wish there was more outdoor seating. I had the Reuben on marbled rye and it was wonderful. The meat is paper thin and stacked high. There is something for all taste buds. Even when going in a group of picky coworkers, they all cleaned their plates.
5	Delicious Sandwiches! I've stopped here twice now and both times it was sooooooooooo good!! Friendly staff and fresh food. Keep doin what your doin!!
5	amazing, fresh food!
5	Love this place. I always get the egg salad sandwich or the hummus wrap. I wish more company's took as much pride in there product as Z-cafe does. I will continue to eat here 2-3 times a week until they close or I die.
5	At first I was disappointed that breakfast was over at 10:30, but I'm glad it did because I ended up getting the Alloush and it was phenomenal! Great food and great service! Everyone was friendly.
4	I ordered the half salad and sandwich combo. I got the Mediterranean and the avocado bacon sandwich. The salad was stellar, they were generous with their toppings and the balsamic was just right. The sandwich was also good, my only critique was that my bacon was in smaller pieces, I don't want to say crumbles but they were a little bigger. I think it would have been a little easier to eat with bigger slices. Still good though, the 9 grain bread was fresh tasting and the focaccia strips were a nice touch.
5	This is the best sandwich shop in Arizona, bar none. The Dylan was a special a few months back, but can still be ordered. It is truly a master crafted wrap of goodness from the gods of sandwiches.
4	good food, good prices!
5	I stopped here for a quick sandwich and coffee. I got the Alloush hot sandwich and the hot Milky Way espresso which were both  phenomenal taste explosions in my mouth. Friendly staff and fair prices. I will most certainly return for another visit!
5	So this place has never let me down. I'm always scared of going out to eat with my Celiac Disease BUT Z-Cafe has always had the best cross contamination avoidance practices and their food literally comes in fresh every morning. I know. I've been there when the delivery comes in. Good to know there are people willing to run their business the right way for the freshest ingredients and the most considerate staff. No one ever gives me funny looks when I ask about cross contamination avoidance practices & gluten free options.
