1	Don't waste your time or money!  I have spent thousands of dollars there and got no relief.  Very poor customer service and even worse results.They are very good at taking your money and your insurance, but terrible at providing results!  I could not be more disappointed.  I actually have more pain after being treated there!
4	I have been going here for 4 years, and I see Dr. Kozac.  He has given me injections, one in my shoulder which got rid of the pain for over a year!  Mostly I get injections in my neck and lower back.  Sometimes they last months, sometimes I need repeated ones in the same area. They definitely helped with my chronic pain.   I used to get sedation that was great, I didn't feel anything.  But recently he must have changed the amount or drug(s).  I don't know if I want to go back now.  It was painful!
1	TERRIBLE!  TERRIBLE!  TERRIBLE!I am requesting State authorities to investigate this office.  They provide no relief, they do not follow simple insurance protocols, their office staff is greatly misinformed, and they charge exorbitant fees.  They recently sent me a bill for almost 2 thousand dollars for service they say they performed one year ago.  I am beginning to believe they are running some sort of SCAM.  For some reason, they failed to bill my insurance, probably because they would not pay their ridiculous cost, even though I am covered by two insurance companies.  You would think their mission is to inflict pain rather than resolve it.
5	I found Dr. Kreiner, Patricia Saunders and his staff over 2 years ago (due to insurance changes) and I am beyond thankful to have found them!! I can't imagine my life without them!! EVERYONE in this office is so wonderful; I have not had a bad or even mediocre experience here. They have tried numerous options to find pain relief for me and always do their best. Every time I see them, I know they have my best interest at heart and actually care about me and my well being. I haven't had that kind of care and concern from a doctor's office prior to this office. They work well with my insurance company and if I owe them any money, they work with me and are understanding when it comes to payment options. I love how they tried physical therapy as a means of relief for my pain instead of just prescribing meds for me; and I have even more respect for the fact that they DON'T prescribe habit forming narcotic pain meds either (that is not a good fix for this kind of chronic pain - my personal kind of pain).  I love my appointments with Trish (Patricia), she listens to everything I tell her AND even remembers what I've said when I come back in (even if it's been 6 months). She's an all around great woman too! At any rate, after trying less invasive options for pain relief, they were not effective for me and to date I have had a Cervical Epidural Injection, Facet Injections and Radio Frequency Ablations completed with Dr. Kreiner, and he is always fantastic! These are not fun procedures but he (and his staff) really do their best to make it as painless as possible! I cannot conceive of going anywhere else!! Additional phenomenal staff members are Shannon, Vanessa, Becky, Nikki & a few others who I can't remember their names off the top of my head. Staff is ALWAYS pleasant and professional (even on their most stressful days). I also have heard so many compliments that staff members pay to Dr Kreiner & Kozak; that really says a lot about the atmosphere of the office and the kind of doctor's these guys are. I haven't had any personal experience with the other doctors for my care, however just seeing them around the office, they are always friendly and courteous (especially when my toddler is running around the office)!! If you're looking for a good pain doctor, this is where you will find him/her!!
