3	Don't ever think of ordering chicken wings there, I have tried about six times and it's like begging for money. They have told me to call ten minutes before to order them and that has worked twice. I tried today and it's like their phone number is disconnected. I tried to order thru the window and they told me it would take nine minutes and that these are by order only. They should not advertise these at all then, what a hassle!!!
1	Don't know why this store stays open.  I gave it 4 tries for chicken wings.  They never have them.  The last time (which IS the last time) Me and several walk in customers couldn't even get anyone to take our order.  They were serving the people at the drive thru, and totally ignoring all of us at the counter.  I waited 17 minutes and left before I got any madder.  It's a shame because this KFC is close to my house.  Thank God they opened a Church's a block away!  Bye Bye KFC
1	Worst service ever. Kept me waiting in the drive thru for 10 minutes when there were no customers, then no napkins in the bag, and an extra charge just to use a debit card. Worst KFC I've ever been to in my life.AVOID.
1	Let me tell you a story...One night I drove up to this KFC.  As soon as a pulled up they locked the doors. Well... That's fine since it was 10:30 and they close at 10, drive thru open till 11. I drove up and waiting ten minutes for someone to answer.I drove up to the window and knocked on the glass, it was obvious they where hiding from meI opened the window and said "helloo" The supervisor by the name of Mia started yelling at me to close the door and that she was going to call the cops...Uhhhh what? All I want is some service, She told me she would give me service if I wasn't at the window, I then explained how I was waiting for ten minutes and all you guys did was ignore me and hide... I cannot even explain how mad I was!!! Went to popeyes drive thru instead, told them the whole story to vent and they have me 10% off :) I'm never going to another KFC again, it's bad enough the food isn't good for you but that customer service almost have me a heart attack.
