4	Papa John's Pizza {@PapaJohnsVegas} just @offthestrip on E Desert Inn Rd serves up pizza with FRESH ingredients.I haven't eaten here in years and I was extremely suprised how rockin good it was!!Awesome pizza-fresh meats ,great sauce,nice crust and the dessert turnovers are ADDICTING!!! Get 2 orders you won't regret it:)BEST thing is you
3	First off, the parking for this particular location is pretty awful. There's only 3 awkwardly placed spots in the front of this store, and there's a hotel to the right of it.I had a coupon for a free small cheese pizza (carryout only), so of course I took advantage of it -- I've always been a fan of Papa John's. The person I ordered from said that it was going to take about 15 minutes, but it probably was closer to 10 minutes, so not bad~ The pizza itself was good; I found no faults with it. However, the pepperoncinis that were put inside my pizza box were really dry and inedible. I'd rather they not put it in at all if that was going to be the case.
1	Awful
3	I am in the middle of moving and after taking my 1000000 trip ;) I was NOT GOING TO COOK!  Pizza please, close place and staff seemed good on phone.  I do however have 2 complaints following now...This spot is great, looking for a nearby spot from our move PLEASE FEED ME!  So hungry and so tired after the move just wanted some food...  We decide Pappas I am an ever so slight a newb so I look online for a menu.  First complaint I cannot find a menu online unless I put in a password and a whole bunch of crap.  I LOVE  pizza but do not order it enough to put all my info in just to see if I even want your pizza.  So my comment to you is why make me do that?  If someone told me to order your Pizza Im gonna give it a try but give me the option and be people friendly.  So any ways I had to call the Pizza shop just to ask if they had a sausage and lots of veggie kinda Za and a price.  To my happy  and knowing surprise (who doesn't have this kinda pizza) the guy on the phone was cool was not annoyed at all the I was a semi virgin.  I told him what I wanted and he made it happen, not a hard task but we were happy, also SUPPER happy that is was on sale.I walk in to the shop and tell them my name and the guy at the counter says " I think i'm the one who talked to you on the phone"  Kinda cool and personable they also yelled out in the back, HIHIHIHI kinda weird but cool as well (felt like I was suddenly transported to starbucks).My second complaint is I am kinda annoyed by having to pay for garlic butter sauce.  It is only 49 cents but when I asked and he told me I realized there were already 2 in the box then he charged me for 2 more.  I don't need 4 just tell me "hey I threw a few in the box"  I'll tip you but charge me when you already gave me some?  Ugghh...The Za was fresh crust in-between thick/thin the veggies were ok not super fresh but good, I have had better sauce it was sparse a good ZA is one that can combine it all This is not combined that is why you need to pay the extra 49 cents for garlic butter to make it better ;) good but not great...
1	The person answering the phone was great, friendly , knew her stuff! I placed the order which  was around $30. I informed her that I was paying in cash and with a 100 dollar bill. At this point I was placed on hold and then instructed that unless I was paying by card my order was not honored. I did not have a credit card on me and she said she would see what she could do. " Manager says credit only, will not except $100 bill."  "sorry, it is his call, not mine. He makes the rules" FINE, my new rule is to order from DOMINO'S . PAPA JOHNS JUST LOST A CUSTOMER FOR LIFE. BTW, I am in the food and beverage industry. I always find a way to keep customers happy. PAPA it was a good run, will not see you again!
1	Papa John himself would be disappointed in the level of quality in the pizza's (3) that I received on 08/03/2013. I placed an order online from the 1010 E Desert Inn Rd. location for the special that they had for 3 medium/ 3 topping pizza's thinking that I will do something special for my wife, since she didn't eat anything at work. This was my first time I ever ate Papa John's. Everything was great when ordering and the delivery driver calling to let me know that she is 10 minutes away. When she arrive at our hotel at 7:20PM, I gave her a tip and accepted the pizza's without ever looking at them. As soon as I sat down with my wife in our hotel room, we looked at the pizza's and it looked like the pizza's were cold (cheese getting firm as if it were sitting out long). I called the Papa John's location and spoke with the manager around 7:30PM. He had offered to get new ones sent. I called back at 7:42PM asking the manager if we should give the old pizza's back to the driver that is coming to drop of the new pizza's, he then said that we didn't need to. So my wife and I were so hungry and waited for the pizza's to arrive. We had the opportunity to stare at the cold pizza's and realized how skimpy the toppings were and one of the pizza's looked burnt on the bottom. One pizza for example, had anchovies, chicken and onions. We couldn't even see the chicken and onions, so it looked like an anchovy pizza. I had time to take nice pictures of them. I called the Papa John's location again around 8:32PM. I was so upset that we haven't received the pizza's yet. They said that the driver went to the wrong address and should be there shortly and that the pizza's were piping hot out of the oven. I doubt that they were piping hot, especially arriving late. At 8:44PM, the driver called me and said that he was outside the hotel. I told him to send the pizza's back because it was late already, one hour and 14 minutes later from the time that I called at 7:30PM to get the replacement pizza's. I filled out a feedback form online at the Papa John's website the same night. It is already 08/07/13 and I still haven't received a call from who ever it may concern. I am sorry, but the way that Papa John talks about his business is different from what I experienced. The quality presented by his employee's do not match up to what his values are. I can't say that there were better ingredients if there were hardly any topping on the pizza's.
1	Terrible service!
1	I will never order from Papa John's again!! The worst customer service I have ever experienced. I have called and spoke to the manager about my complaint and he has blown me off every time. I ordered 20 pizzas for an event at my work, on the company credit card and these people cant even provide me with a receipt! I have been asking for one for 4 weeks now, and still nothing... I finally had to declare the receipt lost (as per company policy) but damn Papa John's... GET IT TOGETHER!!
3	I normally order online using their phone app, as when you sign-up for rewards you get some really great deals.  I rarely pay more than $8 for a large pizza and one time I paid $11 for an XL.  They always have my pizza ready on arrival and show me the pie for handing it to me.I normally only come here if the price is cheaper than Pizza Hut though.
4	Tried their new Greek pizza. Very good. The guy that took my order said "for sure" after everything I said.
4	Much better customer service this time around. We tried the Greek pizza which was delicious! We generally do pick up and we were able to pick it up less than 20 minutes after we ordered
1	If you enjoy raw dough and management that ignores complaints, eat here often. So I dont like RAW DOUGH, but I "did" love Papa Johns original crust, this place just refuses to flatten the dough in the center of the pizza, like EVER. I have ordered at least 20 pizzas with raw hunks of dough in the center here. I started ordering the pizzas "well done," but that does not fix the problem because the problem is taking the 30 seconds to flatten the dough in the middle so there are no large hunks of dough. So I called management and asked them to fix the problem. I swear to god they must mess with people for fun here. The more you call and complain the more hunks of raw dough will be in your pizza. So I wrote corperate and nothing.... no response...wrote a second time, no response... f$!$ Papa Johns, I will never eat here again. I never realized how good pizza hut crust was, why did I ever eat this crap to begin with?
1	The cashier was very rude . I asked for a military discount and  the guy didn't even give me an explanation at all . He just ignored me . I will never come to this location again .
1	Ordered at 9:55 for a 12:00 delivery. Got a call at 12:05 that they'd be late. It's 12:37 now. I'll keep you posted...
1	Wish there was another one close by. Their delivery employees are reckless drivers. It's hit or miss on the customer service you will receive when placing your order over the phone.
1	It makes me feel a little better that I am not the only person who has had a problem with the doughy pizza here. Time after time I have ordered delivery and the pizza is raw in the center, the sauce is watery, and their offer to send out a new pizza has resulted in little improvement. This place has ruined Papa John's for me.
1	Had to wait 20 minutes for them to count the drawer before I could pay. The pizza was cold when I picked it up so I had to put it in the oven when I got home so it was hot. The employees were lazy trailer trash and black folk. The pizza was really terrible too. It had hardly and cheese and toppings basically was just bread. All employees had no customer service skills at all and Little Caesars has better quality pizza than this and that is kinda sad. And actually just threw it away after heating it up because it was inedible.
1	I have stopped using this location and will not be using Papa Johns again. The pizza product itself has been good but the service has always been mediocre. The manager (John) would not come speak to me about one of his delivery drivers nearly hitting me in the parking lot. This has been a problem with this location for as long as I can remember. I have had to jump out of the way of some of their drivers. This has happened to my wife and others as well. One of their drivers hit my neighbors car.
