4	My husband and I had been anxiously awaiting the  opening of the Arrowhead Grill in hopes that it would be our new favorite steak!  When we noticed that the restaurant had just opened we went right in not knowing what to expect.The Arrowhead Grill, located in the old Cocoon's building, offers an upscale dining experience.  With seemingly small changes to the interior of the restaurant Arrowhead Grill provides a romantic atmosphere, great service and delicious food.You will find yourself ordering from an Ala cart menu at Arrowhead Grill.  My husband and I shared a large Cesar salad, each ordered a sirloin steak, baked potato, and a coke.   While the sirloin and the potato were cooked perfectly we would order the salad with lite dressing next time.With such a great review why only four stars?  Price.  We spent just over $80 for our dinners.  For this strip mall location it seemed la bit pricey.  In all honesty for the money we would rather travel to The Keg or eat out at Outback twice.
2	A first rate steak house in a strip mall ?  I think not.  Firebirds is much better.  The Arrowhead Grill is way overpriced for food that is just so-so.  The coconut shrimp was very average, the mashed potatoes were starchy, the baked potato was lukewarm, the steaks were decent, but you can go to AJ's market and get just as good a steak from their prepared hot food line.  Better yet, buy some Certified Angus (arrowhead grills' are NOT) steaks and cook 'em yourself and save nearly a hundred dollars.  This place is way over-priced and over-hyped.  If you really want to go there do it fast because they won't be there long.
4	KInd of like west side Mastros... service is very comfy, and the digs feel a little dated.. but the steaks are absoluty a bargain for the USDA prime quality... the sides, cream corn, augratin, twice baked.. rocked! desserts.. kind o mediocre... but a great step for west of the I17...HAZA!!!
4	We've eaten there twice, with two different servers, and I'd give four stars each time.  They've got a great bar with very friendly bartenders.  Haven't tried any appetizers, but we've had the Delmonico steak (done just right at medium rare) and the crab claws - delicious.  I think the crab claws are now also available as an appetizer.  Wine list is a little light (the owner told me he was trying to keep the wines at a reasonable price point, and he has, but he could still add some more to the list) and the prices are a bit high, but still about what I expected to pay at a good steak house.  We'll definitely go back
4	Third trip was fantastic.  Four steaks done just perfect.  Very good salad and a waitress who has served us twice and I'll ask for her by name next time.  My only fear is that this tough economy has got to be bad for a quality restaurant....gotta hope Charles can hold out!  Did I tell you he tries to greet guests as they enter or leave?
5	Okay, Charles (the chef/owner- and extremely good at greeting, visiting with customers), you've got me.  Went there last Wed evening with friends from No Calif.  Four great dinners.  WOW!  Meat was done just right, two filets, two Delmonicos.  Jeff the server was fine and attentive without being a pain.  A great experience.  Now we'e going to try the bar menu or the lunch menu..And the word is getting out - for a Wed, they were fairly busy.  Better call for a reservation on weekends.
2	Had dinner here my first night in town with my mom, step father and my grandmother. Upon walking in,I knew we were venturing into an upscale type of steak house-not quite the dark boothed feel of old school and not quite a Ruth Chris atmosphere. We were seated in a booth, our waitress was very nice and very young. She advised us of two specials-one a veal chop and one a fish of sorts. My grandmother has been known to love veal chops and we all strongly encouraged her to order one. The rest of the menu was inviting and this is also the type of restaurant where all the sides are a la carte. I ordered the rib eye medium rare and grandma and I decided to share a caesar salad and a baked potato. Mom ordered a salad, step dad ordered prime rib and a potato as well. Our salad arrived as well as bread. The first thing I was shocked with is that instead of spitting the salad for us in the kitchen, the brought the salad and an another plate. First of all, in this type of establishment, for these types of prices, and considering the economy,  I was a bit put off but was able to let it go. Our meals arrived on very hot plates. The veal chop was gorgeous-and grandma dove right in. My rib eye was also gorgeous and huge (should have been for $27+), but it was finished off with butter (something I don't like especially without a gallbladder) and had a spicy rub on it. I took two small bites and was overwhelmed by the spicy flavor (something again I hate with a supposed good cut of meat um, hello Outback). The prime rib was good (or so I was told) and when the waitress came back(this took a long time as well), I told her that the menu did not state the meat was seasoned nor finished off with butter. She acknowledged I was correct and asked if I would like another steak. At this point, I was done (I get like this when I get mad at food) and said no. She was apologetic and grandma kept on loving the veal chop. I was eating the potato grandma and I were splitting and the owner/chef came to our table and apologized for the steak. I said it was fine, he said he would take it off the bill (DUH) and then I said to him it was probably a good idea to train the waitstaff to advise how the steaks are prepared with spice rub and finished off with butter. He then told me they ARE trained to do this and that our waitress did advise him that she forgot to mention this to us/me. Oh well.I like the fact this place is not a chain restaurant. I like that my grandmother enjoyed her meal so much. I didn't like the lack of service for the price nor my meal, so I will have to say this place will not be on my "must visit" list the next time or any time I am in town.
4	Okay, this place is going to get a second viewing, but the first was so very good, I had to throw a review up here.I came here for a bite to eat and a drink after wandering through the Desert Botanical Gardens.  Needless to say I was parched.  A friend tells me that the bar menu is a good deal and she was very very VERY right.I'm sorry, a $3 halfway decent long island?  Where else do you find that?  Duck quesadillas?  Amazing.  Even their simple cheeseburger sliders were excellent.Chuck: keep up the good work.  Keep that 100 year old cookbook of magic you brought out safe, and I'll be back as soon as possible.
2	Good Steak, Bad Business!My husband, our son (aged 7) and I went to Arrowhead Grill to celebrate my hubby's 42nd birthday. Upon arrival, we were immediately seated, waitstaff was nice, everything went well till the steaks came out.We had already had some decent raw oysters, and some ok-not-great- bread. My $43 DelMonico ("our specialty of the house"!) was so tough I had to send it back. The waiter was appropriately apologetic and brought it back; made me a hew one, but it wasn't done till my family was almost done with the rest of dinner, and I was about full of the a la carte side dishes anyway by that time.(of them, the creamed spinach was VERY good, and the cheesy scallopped potatoes too cheesy and not creamy at all. More like smothered potatoes.)The manager came over and partially apologized, made sure the new one was good, and told me "The second steak is on us." Like I even got to EAT the first one, OR the second one, since it came out 15 mins after I sent the other back!! For a family of three who had spent $236, they charged me for BOTH Delmonico steaks and then took ONE off. BAD BUSINESS! The ENTIRE steak should have been removed from the bill, consistent with policy at other eateries of this caliber. It was not very flavorful but was more tender, but I only ate about 4 bites before I was too full to eat anymore. Plus, now I was annoyed. In this economy, people are more choosy about where to spend their hard-earned money. Why drive people away with an asinine practice like that??When I complained about the policy, the manager kind of shrugged and said, more or less, it is what it is. He actually smirked. It was very car-salesman-like. (Sorry, car salesmen.)We will be taking our next $200 meal-eating selves to Ruth's Chris from now on. VERY BIG DISAPPOINTMENT.On an up note, my husband said HIS filet mignon was one of the best he ever had, AND I have to admit the $7 tableside s'mores are well worth the time and the mere $7 if you have a kid who likes to roast marshmallows and get sticky. The marshmallows were homemade bug square ones cut into four pieces, you get to melt those over a little flame and dip into melted Hershey's chocolate and eat on a graham cracker. That was the best part of the meal for some of us!!But seriously folks, there's a reason Arrowhead can't play with the big guys...they don't treat their customers like the big guys do. Even though we live nearby, we will make the drive to a better place, where we are bound to get the steak done right the first time; AND get treated right when things go wrong so there will BE a next time.
5	We had dinner here Wednesday evening - party of 4 - GABE was our server - everything was outstanding from the wine to the desert ! Having read the reviews on Arrowhead Grill we were ready for the best experience or the worst experience in the West Valley one could imagine. We had the Ahi and the Prime Rib and both were perfect. The asparagus was wonderful. The wine was cheap and very, very good. Our party of 4 consisted of a trained French Chef, a Hyatt Food and Beverage Restaurant Manager, a retired CEO and an active golfer.For the money spent this was one of our best Phoenix area dinners and we will return.  Harry, Margo, Pat and Roger !!
3	When Arrowhead Grill came up as next on my list of places to review, the first thought that crossed my mind was "I need to give this place another shot". So, here is my first impression of Arrowhead Grill: Great place if they STEP UP the service. I visited AG with a friend during restaurant week. The restaurant had just opened up and servers were still setting up here and there. We were seated immediately and we waited to be greeted...and waited. Finally, our waiter made his way over to our table. Here's my thing, when you open your doors for business, you should be ready for business, ready for customers. You could tell he was unprepared to help us out. What about the food? Fantastic. I thought the food was great! I started with Hog Island Kumamoto Oysters. They were small, fresh, and sweet oysters. No funky smell or taste, totally fresh and delightful. For my entree I had the 10 oz Delmonico Steak, rare of course! What a great slab of beef! I sent my compliments to the chef. The steak was cooked beautifully and seasoned perfectly. On the side, I had the Yukon gold mashed potatoes which were delicious! I was full of meat and potato goodness but we had dessert coming! I chose the creme brulee which was perfect consistency and finished table side which was a nice touch! So in between courses, our waiter would vanish. The restaurant wasn't packed at all,so I can only guess he was still doing set up work, but that left my drink empty on too many occasions and me needing a set of silverware. I was annoyed, unfortunately.I will certainly give Arrowhead Grill another shot. The food was very good. Hopefully the quality of service will match the food on my next visit!
1	I decided to give this little hole in strip mall another go.   Not such a great decision.  Prices are still waaayyyy too high for the quality.  The lunch menu is downright pedestrian and the dinner we had was oh so ordinary.   I think people like this place because they have no other options.   Sad, sad, sad. Just sad.
4	This place is great.  We've been several times for drinks and dessert and once for dinner and always had a tasty and relaxing experience.  Great food, great service, great wine and drinks, I definitely recommend.  If you go here, plan to indulge and spend money but it's worth it.
4	WOW!!   Went here last Monday night and everything was just superb.   I had been to the Arrowhead Grill about four times previous to this visit and decided  never to go back due to such poor service.    Then I received a promotional e-mail for a "buy one get one free" Delmonico steak.    Decided to give them one more chance.   Sure glad I did.   Service was top notch and food was excellent.  In addition to the Delmonico's we ordered 1 small house salad, side of mushrooms/onions, side of broccoli with cheese sauce, Yukon Gold mashed potatoes, and the Smore dessert.   Everything was great.   I think they are really working on the service as I observed other waiters at other patron's tables that were very friendly and efficient in addition to our waiter.    The food has always been good here it's just the service that was so poor.   Give them a chance.  I think they really are trying to improve.   If you do go sign up for their e-mail club and you will get special offers sent to you.
4	This place is awesome. Their steaks are by far much better than the stuffy, fancy steakhouses in the area.  The restaurant is very relaxed and you don't need to get all dressed up to go. They have a cute patio with a large TV and usually have specials in the bar during playoff games. My only complaint would be the desserts. They don't have much flavor and are overall very disappointing.
1	I'm not sure where to begin on this one. My husband and I had a date night which doesn't happen very often with one year old twins and a 3 yr old at home. We decided to try out AG for the 1st time since we wanted a good steak. Waited 4-5 minutes to be seated and ordered a couple of Blue moon beers on draft. When I was halfway done with my beer, I took a drink and I swallowed something very sharp and hurt going down. I took another drink and realized it was inside my beer. I looked in the glass and realized it was filled with tons on shaved and cracked glass. Probably from stacking the glasses. Large and small chunks and shavings, who knows how much I actually swallowed. When I told my waitress, she looked shocked and then seemed to act as if I made it up. The chef then came over to my husband and I and apologized and offered a free dessert. Now, I just ordered $130 worth of food and alcohol and you want to give me a free dessert? Are you kidding me? I swallowed glass! The manager never even came over.. The food was good, although I do not think worth the price. I still can't get over this situation and will never go back. I am appalled at how we were treated and they should have at least paid for my meal considering the circumstances!
5	I have been told that they updated their dessert menu and it is much better now. I have yet to see for myself. Steaks are still the best around.
5	arrowhead grill is the only non-chain steakhouse in the west valley. it is a perfect spot for a real martini and a great delmonico steak. they have awesome specials almost everyday so call to ask or join the email list. recently they have had buy one get one free burgers, filets, delmonicos, prime rib, king crab legs.....definetly worth siging up for. they do bar specials during most sports games (suns, cardinals, coyotes) great alternative to boring bar food.
5	Where do I start! We had a wonderful evening here! Start your adventure by going to their website and signing up for their email club. You get coupons and notices about special events! AG is on the level of Flemmings and Mastro's, pricey and delicious!1. Food - We were offered a free appetizer for signing on up on their email club! We tried the pretzel fondue! It was outstanding! The pretzels were soft and the fondue sauce was delicious! For our main course we tried the prime rib and New York strip steak. Both were cooked to perfection! Very juicy and tasty! Our server Ryan, suggested a berenice sauce to go with our steak and prime rib, it was worth every penny! I couldn't get enough of it! The sides are severed family style, with the free appetizer we didn't want to over due it and only ordered one side. The parmesan gnocchi was outstanding, very tender and flavorful. I think I could have eaten just that for dinner and been content! 2. Service - Our server Ryan was AWESOME! He took excellent care of us. He made excellent recommendations, was very prompt, and answered all of our questions. The manager came by twice to check on us as it was our first visit. Two thumbs up to the staff!3. Tips - On the weekends, call ahead and make a reservation. They were quite busy. The restaurant can be noisy as it is very open, I would recommend sitting in a booth. They are open for lunch and run really good lunch specials! 5 stars! We will be back soon for sure! I am dieing to try the bacon wrapped filet and prosciutto asparagus!
5	We've been there several times.  Tim has been our waiter each time.  Very professional and really knows his meat.  The Grill room itself is causal elegance.  The bar flows right into the Grill room so there is potential for sound issues if a big game is on but we haven't experienced a problem, but it could happen.The outside seating area has misters and a big screen tv.  Nice spot for an after dinner dessert or drink.
4	We had just the best time at Arrowhead Grill, a group of us went for happy hour the other day.  It was my anniversary (17 years WOO HOO :) so we decided it was okay to go to a place we didn't have a coupon for LOL!The bar doesn't have a happy hour menu per se, but you do get some discounts and can order anything you wish off the regular menu too.We tried the crab cake (just superb), filet sliders, prime rib sandwich, shrimp cocktail, pig wings (roasted mini pork shanks), and chicken tacos.  The tacos had a bit of a fake smokiness added to them and they were the only thing I wouldn't order again.  Good beer and wine selections of course!!
4	Central Girl goes WestI have a friend who lives in the west valley and always is driving into town.  So when we decided to have dinner tonite--thought I would go west instead and boy was the trip worth it.We had dinner at Arrowhead Grill.  This place hits the right note on just about everything--very casual, tables aren't on top of each other and service is very well paced and not intrusive--but after all that it really comes down to the foodMy friend had the Delmonico steak and I had the special which was an arctic fish--we also shared a chopped  salad, green chile mac and cheese and asparagus--Everything was done just right--the steak and fish were excellent, the mac and cheese had just enough green chile but not too much to over power it.  even the asparagus was terrific--crunchy and tender at the same time.we did save room for dessert and ordered the butter cake topped with vanilla been ice cream and chocolate swirl--the cake had a fabulous taste and texture--decaf coffee was a great complement to it.i will definitely go back-especially now that I know where it is.  If it is your first time and it is at night it will take a minute to find--because there is no lit signage (at least there wasn't tonite)  just follow the carsArrowhead Grill is definitely worth a trip west.
5	AG is the best place for a steak in the NW Valley, I have been here many times to enjoy the rib-eye and my wife usually gets the NY steak.  I love the seasoning choices and the sides are great as well, love the cream corn and cream spinach and my wife loves the asparagus.  I ordered fish once and didn't care for it much but the overall experience here is fantastic.  It is a great date night place and you can still go casual because in the NW valley we are not Scottsdale!  In the winter time they are open for lunch and the lunch items are great as well, not a cheap place for food but there is a reason for that.....this food is fanf*ckingtastic!  The atmosphere is upscale but not too fancy, its still in a strip mall area but we love this place and appreciate the good food and people.  They have a nice entrance, fire place inside and outside the bar area.  The bar is great which is where I was last night watching Monday night football with friends.  They have specials sometimes when you are on the email list and I ordered the AG burger which has prime rib slices on the burger with swiss cheese and comes with horseradish sauce (man was is awesome!).  The service is great and the deserts are awesome, I brought my kids here once and we ordered the smores and they brought out this chocolate bowl with a candle underneath to keep in warm and 4" thick brownie size marshmallows to wrap gram crackers around, it was messy but my kids loved it!
5	Wow!  If you are looking for a to-die-for steak, excellent, friendly and informed servers and a a wonderful wine list you have come to the right place.  Also a great date place.  Sadly for me, I was not on a date, but just getting off work and in need of an amazing glass of wine. Despite my sister's and my casual dress (we were wearing scrubs) we were made to feel positively pampered!  While the steaks are expensive (but worth it, and this is an Omahan's opinion), anyone can make a full and more affordable meal out of the numerous and delicious side dishes. This is my new favorite happy hour place!  At least until I can get a date. ;)
4	Excellent food, service, and atmosphere....Only thing missing was some leg room in the dining room...I visit many steakhouses around the country in this is in my Top Ten..great job....
4	Really good lunch specials! Their sandwiches are STUFFED with meat, and the sweet potato fries are awesome. You can get a sandwich with side for under $10 for lunch which is a great deal because I ended up eating the other half for dinner. I had the cuban chicken sandwich, which had pickles and mustard inside, and my friend had the turkey club, which I think I will try next time when I feel like eating 3 servings of meat. It's packed with sliced turkey, bacon on grilled wheat bread. They also give rosemary foccacia which is really yummy-crispy on the outside, soft and flakey inside like french bread, but better. Our server was really nice and overall we left full and happy. I would like to come back at some point to try their steaks, the pictures made my mouth water
5	The appetizer- lamb was incredible - shared by the table. We then had their special "Delmonico" steak (NY Strip) - It is one of the best steaks I have eaten. The twice-baked potato was also worth it as a side dish.
1	Don't bother with the pretzel app. The cheese sauce might as well have been Velveta with mustard. As for service, you might say that it would be par to an stuffy English restaurant, meaning, slower than molasses and the manager is haughty with no ounce of hospitality. Side of broccoli was 5.99, which we asked if we can have it substituted for the fries to the side for the prime rib sandwich. They failed to inform us before we got the bill. The waiter explained and we agreed to a misunderstanding, then the manager decided, rather than to come by and apologize for the misunderstanding and that it would be taken off immediately, he more so gave us a warning. Saying that we do not make substitutions and that this one time that they would make the concession. FYI, the prime rib sandwich lacked flavor and the bread was bland, did not compliment at all. The horseradish was salty au jus needs a bit more flavor. Try Houstons.As for the kitchen staff, they apparently don't work for the customers, because when a customer calls for them because the customer is having trouble getting the attention of the waitstaff members they could careless. Wonderful establishment with a great attentive staff.
2	My boyfriend, J, and I have been there once before, on a rather slow Tuesday evening, so we thought we'd see how they did with a busy Friday night.It took a few minutes to get seated, but nothing terribly out of keeping with a Friday night around 7 pm.  When we were seated, we were met by our waiter fairly promptly, and placed our drink orders - plain iced tea for myself, passion fruit iced tea for J.The drinks were delivered as we deliberated over the menu, and I must say, I was disappointed.  My tea wasn't even flavored water - just colored water.  J's tea, which I expected to have a sweet and somewhat floral note, was just bland, and we couldn't taste the passion fruit at all.  We put the drinks aside, deciding on the pretzel fondue appetizer.As appetizers go, and especially for this restaurant, it was an economical and equally yummy decision.  The mustard was definitely pleasantly spicy, and the mild flavor of the cheese complemented it well.  We snagged the waiter about our dissatisfaction with the drinks when we placed our appetizer order, but he replied that it was about as strong as they make them.  We decided to stick with water after that.The appetizer was good, but there was an almost 20 minute wait before our entrees were available - the Delmonico for him, and the 8 oz strip for me.  We had order lobster mashed potatoes for J's side, and a loaded baked potato for mine.  I was disappointed to see such a limited entree selection, however - a few seafood dishes and then almost exclusively steaks (with one option for ribs).  No beef medallions, no kebabs, etc.While we were waiting for our food, we became aware of one of the main problems with the restaurant we had noticed before - very little in the ways of sound dampening.  They have an open kitchen, and we were seated right next to it, with a nominal glass partition that I assume was meant to make us feel like we weren't sitting right in the kitchen.  Nonetheless, while we waited, we frequently had to stop our conversations because the clatter of pans was too loud, and on two occasions, the wait staff and hostesses were having arguments right on the other side of the partition (which does not, by the way, reach the ceiling, rising instead only perhaps two feet above the back/sides of the booth we were in).The steaks were ordered medium rare, but here we ran into another slight problem.  They serve on sizzling hot plates, and by the time I'd cut into my steak and had two bites, the heat of the plate cooked the steak from medium rare to medium, easily.  J did not have the same issue - perhaps because he had a much thicker cut of steak - and I was willing to put it off.Our sides, however, were far less than satisfactory.  J's lobster mashed potato dish was not what we had originally thought - diced lobster mixed in mashed potatoes - but instead consisted of a small serving of mashed potatoes with four large-ish chunks of lobster meat on top .  While it was tasty, the pairing did nothing for a flavor boost, and left a bit of a "meh" taste in both our mouths.My baked potato, meanwhile, was so cold that the butter did not even begin to melt on it.  I placed it far to the side on the table, along with my water glass (J's already being there) and waited for the waiter to return and inquire, as I've always been told this is how to register a small issue with food.  Simply put it to the side, for the waitperson to see, and then carry on.After five minutes of no drink refills and no sign of the waiter, I had to flag down a bus boy, who in turn spent another two or three minutes searching for the waiter before he returned. I registered my displeasure, he took the potato away, and it was almost ten minutes before another potato was returned, this one with the toppings on the side - perhaps to better allow melting/heating of some of the items.Through it all, J and I couldn't help but feel that our previous impression was correct - an okay place, but definitely not worth what they were charging for it.  Continually hearing the bandying of wait staff against host staff was also a disappointment for the meal.  We decided to skip dessert, wishing to have an early evening.All in all, while the steaks were good, there were a number of problems with the restaurant.  Poor sound dampening meant conversation was hard to carry - especially on a Friday night, when you were competing with all the other diners to talk, as it was so loud.  Service, while good when available, was very slow.  The food had some minor issues as already noted.For Arrowhead Grill, I'd have to say they need to seriously improve their wait staff and response time, and consider adding a few items (dinner rolls or bread with the meal, perhaps?) to justify the expense of their dishes.We'll likely return in a few months, and see whether anything has changed.
3	Visited on Super bowl Sunday for their special- free Delmonico steak with purchase of side and a drink. Steak was cooked very well (i think. I've only recently started eating red meat NOT well done :))! Very tender. Their menu says they use their signature seasoning on all their steaks. Honestly, I thought the seasoning was way too salty, but i usually go very conservative on salt. For our side we had the shrimp and grits which was delish! but had a layer of grease on the top (i'm not sure what caused that except maybe the cheese?  or it had the flavor of sausage but I didn't actually notice any sausage but perhaps it was pork fat), and also an order of green chile macaroni and cheese, which was pretty standard and I sort of wished I'd just gotten the traditional mac and cheese.I had a lovely dirty martini with bleu cheese-stuffed olives and Ben got a glass of the Zinfandel. They added onto our bill a gratuity of 18% so our bill for a martini, glass of wine, and 2 sides plus tax and gratuity on the full amount, still came to $58.I'd probably go again, except that I live in Central Phoenix and like trying new places (which is why I drove all the way up there in the first place)
4	I have been eating here since they have been in business. The best Delmonico New York Strip I have ever had. Everywhere I go I try the Delmonico and no one can put a candle to Chef Charles Version. You must thy the Lamb chop appetizer it is out of the world. I love to see this restaurant improve a bit on there service sometimes it is great and other times it is so so. Bottom line this is my favorite place for a steak on the west side.
5	Perfect place. I recommend the shrimp cocktail as they are huge. My partner enjoyed the oysters. The steaks are cooked perfect and tender. Lobster mashers are tasty. Desserts are wonderful. The decor is very soothing and the staff efficient and friendly.
1	Sorry this place really sucked . it was expensive and not worth the money YOU CAN COOK BETTER even if you can't cook..I have no idea why people like and recommend this place . anything cheese is from what I had is in a fake cheese sauce . Very orange even more so than Velveeta . The side vegetable (was asparagus ) was cooked till it fell apart and with less skill than the local 2 Star Asian Buffet. disappointed more so than most placesAs only a VERY SLIGHT update 1/22/14Since my review I haven't been back so I can't update my review but my husband ate here twice. He said the steaks he had were OK. He didn't have vegetables either visit but did have the Green Chile Macaroni and Cheese and said it was very improved from what we had when we were there. I asked him how he'd rate his meals and he said around three stars because it was OK. Most likely I won't return anyway.
4	Phenomenal service, excellent food, reasonable prices, and a great atmosphere... Do I need to say anymore?
2	We went to Arrowhead Grill for lunch a little after 1:00 PM on a Tuesday. We were immediately seated. We then sat for close to 10 minutes waiting for a server. I finally went back to the hostess to find out what was the problem. They were not at all busy. Soon a waitress came over and apologized for the confusion on who was our server. Apparently it is not unusual for a table to sit without any thing on the table. Otherwise someone from a sever to a manager would have noticed. Two of us had the prime rib sandwich. At $12.99 I was expecting a sandwich that tasted good and had some meat on it. I couldn't believe how small and how little meat was on the sandwich. It did taste good but not $13 good. Plus there was a piece of bone or something hard that I bit on. It was impossible to tell what it was. The slaw that came with the sandwich was completely without flavor. I ended putting the horseradish sauce from the sandwich on the slaw. The sweet potato fries that came with the other sandwich were ok, nothing better nothing worse.The third member of our party ordered the onion soup and house salad. He thought both were very good. For dessert we had the chocolate bread pudding. First of all why do restaurant feel that the dessert should feed a family of four? The bread pudding was larger than the sandwiches. It was ok but the chocolate covered up the taste of the bread. Why have bread pudding if you can't taste the bread?Finally the service we had after they decided who would wait on us was fine. Except before we had received our dessert the waitress came over and said she needed to leave. She offered to transfer us to the other waiter there. I asked if she did, would she get the tip. She said no, so we paid before finishing with the meal. If she had to leave early why didn't they give us the other server to start with?They did give us a coupon for $10 off our next visit. I won't be using it. For the price, the service is not good enough and the quantity and quality of the food is not up to par.
5	Great food, decent prices could use a little help with the staff's attentiveness. But all in all love it and have back several times!! Not to mention the Chocolate ding dong is amazing!!
1	Came here for Mother's day per friends recommendation. My mom and i both ordered the Delmonico steak. My steak came out fine but my mom's steak was TOO salty. We sent it back and the 2nd steak came out with no flavor. Service was very poor and the restaurant wasn't even busy. We had to ask the waitress to refill our bread and she forgot twice. Manager knew the problem and didn't even stop to talk to us. Worst part is the manager walked away to avoid us as we tried to approach him. For the price we paid for the food we expected better service. Will not go back.
1	Took my mom here for mothers day dinner. She ordered the Delmonico Steak and it came out very salty, we sent it back and 25 mins later they brought back another one that was bland and over cooked. The manager passed by our table many times and did not even say a word. As we were leaving he was standing by the bar and saw us approaching and he walked away. Service was terrible but majority of the food was great. But for the price you're paying you expect better service. Since they messed up my mom's food you would think they would comp her but they didn't. Some prices on the menu also didn't match the price on the bill.
4	We came during restaurant week and all I can say that this was the best clam chowder I have ever had!  They did not skimp on the seafood that is for sure and the way that it is served is super cute with the cast iron thing with a tea light candle under.  I had the hawaiian sunfish and my dinner dates and the filet wrapped in bacon.  I really liked the sunfish- I had it with the spices on top and it was just the right about of kick for me.  I tried a bite of the filet and felt that it was a bit salty due to the bacon...but other than that it was pretty good.  I don't know if I would come back to pay the regular price, but this place is definitely worth a try for restaurant week. They also had some pretty tasty desserts!  I had the strawberry fondue...but there was a moment I felt that the strawberries may not have been washed...oh well- I still ate it. The brownie fudge thing was also really good and super great for chocolate lovers!
5	Went here during Arizona Restaurant Week with my Dad.  What a find!  I'd describe the place as a laid back steakhouse with alot of the usual surf n turf fare.  The waiter was very attentive and responsive to any questions we had.  We had four choices for each course.  For the appetizer he got the Clam Chowder while I got the chopped salad.  Salad was alot bigger than I had imagined, but good.  My Dad was enamored with the chowder.  For the appetizer, I got the 12 oz short rib while my Dad got the 8 oz bacon wrapped filet.  We split each dish.  The filet was cooked to a nice medium rare and bacon added terrific flavor.  The short rib was fall off the bone tender and flavorful.  For the dessert, he got the small chocolate fondue bowl while I got the Ghirardeli chocolate brownie.  Both were outstanding as the fondue chocolate was rich and velvety while the brownie was filled with the right balance of chocolate and caramel and topped with chocolate ice cream.  Each dish had elegant presentation and we didn't have to wait long for each at all.  It goes without saying that its hard to find alot of Scottsdale-worthy fine dining experiences on the west side of town.  Other than Flemings and Melting Pot, you won't find another fine dining experience in the West Valley than this place.  Both my Dad and I were very pleasantly surprised by the character and the quality of this place.  I especially recommend this place if you're looking for a spot to try out during Arizona Restaurant Week
5	This is my favorite restaurant in the West Valley. The food is fantastic all around. The steaks are perfection!  It is a bit of an older crowd and a little on the pricey side but worth every penny. The service is very good and they have good wine list.
5	This restaurant was quite the surprise. Coming from a small plaza in Arrowhead, i wasn't expecting such a wonderful experience. The food cannot be explained, it simply needs to be tasted by everyone. The server was friendly and knew the menu inside and out. The manager was friendly and a wine expertise. This is with out a doubt, the best restaurant to hit peoria/glendale.  It's worth the trip from any part of town.
4	I really enjoyed this place.  Very good steaks,excellent sides, and good appetizers.  Price is a little steep, but they have specials a few times a week, that will enable you to give the play a try.  Excellent service too.
5	We love Arrowhead Grill!  The drinks are excellent, the food is delicious, and 5 times out of six the wait staff is spectacular!  If you get a chance to meet Charles, you're in luck.  He's the man.  My favorites are the Gorgonzola gnocchi and, thanks to Charles, the butter cake!  Try the calamari, too, and anything that comes from a cow.
3	Overall a great place. I had the Delmonico steak. Best flavor of steak I have had in a long time. Crab cakes were good but not amazing. I am judging on taste and quality versus price mind you. For the price I would have expected jumbo lump crab in the cakes. The sauce/relish/salsa on top was very tasty. Pretzel fondue is great and worth trying. Suddenly everyone has pretzel fondue on their menus or pretzel buns with their sandwiches. We did go on one of their 2 for 1 steak nights. Great deal for a good steakhouse. Not so good are their tip policies on that. I understand tipping on what the meal should have cost etc. But I am not a fan of a 20% gratuity being added to a bill just because a deal/coupon is used. What if the service was bad? There was a small issue also with a bottle of wine that was out of stock. They substituted a slightly more expensive(10 dollars maybe) bottle at the cost of the other bottle. Great. But then the server added the cost of the higher priced wine to the overall bill and subtracted the 10 dollars later. This in effect added to his guaranteed 20% tip. Very shady server practice.
3	I love their mashed potatoes, grits and mac n' cheese sides! Happy hour is also very good value for the money and the food is actually super tasty. The one thing I am not a big fan of is salad and fresh condiments like tomatoes and lettuce for burgers and such - could be much better! If you want some great meat like a steak or a burger check out their happy hour, great food for half the prize :)
2	We went to arrowhead grill for dinner.I had the salmon.it was good,but plain.no seasoning or sauce.also everything is a la carte so if you want a side of veggies it costs almost $6.it's also very expensive in there.(which I do not mind if it's worth it.)but it just wasn't.food was good but not fantastic.the owner seems more concerned with schmoozing with 90 yr old customers who look like they have $ other than getting food cooked on time.I waited forever,like 30 mins.for my salmon while he was parading around the room with a phony grin on his face kissing only the old wealthy looking customers asses.he totally ignored anyone who appeared under the age of 40.I actually did not want to talk to him anyway,but if youre trying to appear as if you value all your customers don't pick and choose what tables you visit based on age,money,etc.btw I am in no means poor or raggedy looking,and tip better than most people.the service was o.k.nothing great.a few forgotten items,but I think it was because our server was new.she was very nice and apologetic so I did not mind so much.the decor was o.k.they try to say it's fine dining,but it looks like a regular ol restaraunt inside.in my opinion you can get the same quality food for a lot less at outback.
3	A girlfriend and I stopped in for wine and appetizers on Tuesday evening.  We sat at the bar and were there for about 2 1/2 hours.  It's not my first time at AG and I've always enjoyed the food and service as being ok.  This visit was no different.  The bartender was not attentive whatsoever and actually seemed distraced by a female in workout attire sitting at the other end of the bar, maybe his girlfriend?!  He was somewhat pleasant but it was hard to get his attention and we had to ask for everything.  He never offered us food menus or inquired if we planned on eating.  I really like the fact that this is not a chain and the food is usually better than the chains too.  BUT for the prices here I think they could do better.  I'm pretty certain my bill would have been bigger with more attentive service and I can guarantee his tip would have been.
5	I am in love with this place! The happy hour is amazing and the food is super yummy. During happy hour the bar menu is 50% off and the Pig Wings are a must have :)
5	My family goes to Arrowhead Grill all the time and we are always treated so well! We love the food and the happy hour is great!!
5	We went to this very fine establishment tonight.  I read all the reviews before we went as I wanted to see the likes and dislikes of others.  All I can comment on those reviews is that those who were less than 4 stars must have been either from a different planet or they caught this place at the absolute worst possible time (for service), however, timing should not effect the quality of the food which was 6 stars in my estimation.  Our waiter was a young man named "Kris", who was nothing short of fantastic.  He paid attention to detail, answered every question we had, kept our drink glasses including wine, water, and soda filled all the time and was just very attentive. Now the food:  Incredible !!  My wife had the 8 oz. filet cooked well done.  I personally think no cow should be treated the way she likes her steak, however, she said it was perfect.  She had the mashed sweet potato and raved about the fantastic taste of them as well.  We went with a third party who had a couple of very tasty glasses of wine and he tried the Delmonico Steak, which is their signature steak, he had his steak cooked medium rare and he said it was cooked to perfection.  He and my wife each had a small caesar salad which they both enjoyed and commented on the salad being very good.  For a salad I had the lettuce wedge which came with plenty of blue cheese and a couple of strips of bacon on top.  Wow, it was fantastic. I also had the Delmonico steak based on Kris' recommendation.  I normally am a big fan of the Rib eye steak but had faith in Kris.  Taking our waiters suggestion one more time, I added the shrimp to the top of the steak as well.  I ordered a loaded bake potato as a side dish. This was also extremely tasty and complimented the meal very well.  Having read all the previous reviews, i suggested to our small group that we share a dessert.  We were already full, but I had read so much about this "Butter Cake" I just had to try it.  Kris commented that it was an excellent choice.  Kris and I turned out to be correct and it was absolutely wonderful.  Sharing it 3 ways turned out to be a great idea as it was more than enough for us.  As a dining experience, this was without a doubt one of the finest dining trips we have made.  I have eaten at the Keg, Ruth Chris', Carvers, The Firebird, and many other steakhouses in the greater Phoenix area and this place surpassed them all with the exception of Ruth Chris which it was as a minimum, equal to.  It is a bit pricey as all items are al a carte, but for a special occasion, you will find it very difficult to top this fine dining establishment.  I rate it with two thumbs up and a "hats off" to Kris who was and is an incredible waiter.  As I said before, those who rate it less than four stars must be from another galaxy.  A++ in my rating system.
4	We made our reservation on Open Table and arrived at our appointed time. We were seated and promptly greeted by our server. She explained the menu as neither of us had been to AG before. We had drinks from the bar, a glass of White Zin and a Martini that really hit the spot but was a bit pricey at $13 a pop for Grey Goose. We shared the Calamari which had a nice bite to it and the Calamari was perfectly cooked. For our entree we had the 8oz New York, medium rare and the 15oz Prime Rib medium rare, shared a Baked Potato side and an Asparagus side. Everything was exactly as ordered and delicious. For dessert we shared the Butter Cake that we devoured along with an espresso. This is a neighborhood gem with a good bar area, subdued lighting, great service and great food. A bit pricey but overall very nice. Whenever you can visit a restaurant and can truly say each part from food to service was well done and produced no negatives, you have found a gem.
1	Buyer beware.  Took advantage of the New Years special this evening, (buy one Delmonico steak between 9-10pm and get the second one for free).  Upon explaining to our waiter that we wanted to take advantage of their "advertised special" in the AZ Central dining deals from AZ Republic that had been advertised since December 21st on this website,we were informed he was not aware of such special.  Upon which my date and I felt totally embarrassed as I didn't want to look like I was just trying to get something for nothing.  He checked with his manager and said "they would honor it", a $28.99 value, but that it was the AZ central error.  From that point on our waiter was very short with us and made us feel like we're putting him out because he wasn't going to make as much in tips from us.  This couldn't be further from the truth, as all items were alacarte and with wine it actually came out to more than if we had ordered steaks alone.  The steaks by the way were excellent, but the tone for the evening with the poor service didn't make up for the taste and presentation of the food.  By the way, we overheard the couple in the booth behind us request the same special, but by that time the restaurant was aware that people would be comming in for the special.Finally to make matters worse, when we got bill for the two of us it had an automatic gratuity of 20% added to the bill.  When I explained to the waiter that this must be a mistake he explained that it was "their policy" to add on this automatic charge whenever they have to "give away food".  When I explained that I didn't feel comfortable in paying such a high mandatory amount, he immediately said he would get the manager and stormed off in a huff.Manager Eric S. came over and supported his waiter by basically backing him up and not listening to our valid complaints.  He actually stormed off also when we told him we wanted to have him adjust the gratuity to what was a more fair assessment of service at 10-15%.  He came back and gave a half hearted apology for "feeling threatened" when I told him I would let others know of their lousy customer service. So there you have it, It appears that their is an attitude at the Arrowhead grill is greater than though, and how dare we to complain.  Needless to say we will not ever be back though the food was good,not worth the hassle and a terrible New Years Eve meal ruined by their ineffective ability to act professional and with grace and understanding.
5	I'm shocked. A friend took us last night to the Arrowhead Grill and it was spectacular. but most of the Yelp reviews are bad. My Delmonico steak was perfect, the service was terrific. My water glass was always refilled, plates were removed by who ever walked by. 5 star all around so did something change? Does the AG have a new manager or just a new attitude? I will go back for sure!
5	fantastic
4	The food here is very good. It is a little on the pricey side, but you do get what you pay for. They usually have some good specials if you sign up to their newsletter.I got the coconut shrimp for an appetizer and when it came out, the shrimp was way over-cooked... I had to have it sent back. The second batch they brought out was perfect and very tasty.For the main meal, I had the Delmonico steak which was very good as well. It was cooked exactly how I asked and was very tasty.I'll probably be back again for special occasions.
1	well.......I was taken here last night for my birthday dinner at the suggestion of a friend.  We were going to dine at The Keg because my request was Filet Mignon and King Crab Legs.  This place.....oy!  we had a 7:15 reservation.  had to wait for a few minutes to be seated....not a big deal.  we were sat and began to look at the menu.  PRICEY!  which is fine for us usually.  Asked our waitress Brittany if they had Filet and crablegs.....I was told that i had to order TWO plates.....one for steak and then another whole plate of crab legs.......huh?  12oz filet was $34 and 16oz crab legs plate was $46.........AND.......ALL of the entrees come with NO sides at all.....you have to order your sides seperately....another $8-$14 just for a side. WHAT?  no salad before....no nothing.  they brought bread out to the table....but they were breadsticks and they don't even give you enough for everyone at your table to have a whole one to themselves. put in our order......food arrived........40 minutes later?  are you kidding me?  yes,,,,,there was a well done steak in the mix......but that should have taken 20 minutes.  at the most!  our foodserver Brittany was EXTREMELY scarce!  extremelely!!!  the steak....when it finally came out.....was very good and fresh.....i will say that.......but the fries we ordered for my son.....came out cold.  sent them back......still room temperature.  and they tasted like they were fried in old grease. eh.  It was birthday and i didn't want to make the table of my guests feel uncomfortable by complaining.  so i zipped it. THEN.  I was told they would be bringing out a special dessert with a candle for my birthday.  okay.....cool.  brought out this big plate with a delicious dessert on it and a roman candle to blow out.  i think it was the butter cake....which was absolutely delicious.  FINALLY......after flagging down the "too busy to give us the great service we thought we were paying for" Brittany.......we got the bill.  We had 6 ppl in our party.  two of the people split a steak.....my husband, son, and i split two filets....one 8 oz and one 12oz and a 16oz king crab leg......we had the french fry trio to split....lyonnaise potatoes.....and the lampchop fondue. our bill came to over $250.  How?  they charged us twice for the french fries that we sent back.......the sharing of the over priced meals....AND.......THE BIRTHDAY DESSERT????  they charged me for the birhtday dessert that THEY chose for me?  had i known that I would have liked to try something else on their dessert menu.  THEY CHARGED ME FOR A DESSERT I DIDN"T EVEN GET TO PICK OUT.  I am in total disbelief of this place.  Don't go there.  we are by no means "cheap" people.  but like anyone else....don't like to go somewhere that we feel we were robbed and cheated out of a great dining experience. DO NOT EAT HERE.  you are better off paying the same amount of money.......getting great service..........and not feeling like you're robbed and any other reputable steak house. This place needs to do some serious thinking about their pricing and teach their foodservers that if you are going to work at a place that is that pricey....the service better be tip top!
5	We went to Arrowhead Grill on a Friday night and had an awesome time! There were four of us and we all Loved our meals and the service was excellent, which is why I decided to write a review as most are negative for this establishment. I had fish which was a recommendation of our server, it was perfect. My Husband got a steak which was also delicious and prepared to perfection. We ordered the asparagus and potatoes for our side dishes and a salad. They complimented our meals perfectly. Our friends got taco's and steak and loved their choices as well. We shared a bottle of wine and enjoyed a fabulous evening. We will definitely be returning, it is a bit pricey but hey, you get what you pay for!
5	We did a night out at the Arrowhead grill for a group outing.  It was a great time and they make a great Russian Mule!  I had the prime rib, it was awesome, with the fries.  Really liked the atmosphere and the food.  We'll be back!
4	Arrowhead Grill was a great experience. My steak was cooked perfect. I usually order Filet but choose the Delmonico this time since it was their specialty. I dont regret it at all and would order the same thing when I return. The only reason I gave it 4 stars was the service. It was not bad at by any means but when the prices are at a 5 star level the service was a little slow. Certainly not at the level of Mastro's.
3	Been in here 3 diffrent times. Depends on the Bartender and server how good service is. We have enjoyed the food so far.
4	Shrimp cocktail served on dry ice comes "smoking" to your table! Very cool!   The staff treated us great. I had the strawberry fondue for dessert. Decadent!!!   My only issue was that prime rib shouldnt be cooked like a steak. Besides that my first dining experience was very good at arrowhead grill.
2	The food is decent for the neighborhood, but the customer service needs some serious help. I asked the hostess if I needed to put my name on the list for the bar area. She stated "first come first serve." The first table in bar area that came open I sat down and the bartender asked me to please get up that people were waiting for the table.  He said what the hostess stated was true, but he had his "own list"
5	Everything was delicious -- my caesar salad delisch and so large! Filet mignon was done to perfection and it had some rub on it that tasted very good. My friend had salmon and raved about it. Great place with Kobe beef!
3	Game here before going to the Cirque show.  Sat at the bar since we didn't have reservations for a Saturday night and we didn't have trouble finding a table.  There are ample TV's with sports on each station.  I was happy they had the EuroCup but was quickly disappointed when they changed the channel on the big TV to watch hockey.  What gives?  Anyways, the service was fine.  The food was good.  I had the spring salad and my friend had the prime rib which was cooked just right.  I wasn't blown away and I wasn't disappointed.  The drinks were stiff so that was a nice touch. Bottom line: I mean, it's a nice place.
5	How can we be speaking of the same place?  I think the poor reviews are pretty old as my husband and I have been there for the last two Saturdays.  We couldn't wait to go back.  We love to sit in the bar, and the bar menu reflects an extremely high standard.  The happy hour prices are great.  One of the best fillet steaks in town is served at a reduced price and is FABULOUS.  Everything we have sampled has been wonderful.  We do not live on the west side, but find it well worth the fairly long drive to enjoy the evening at Arrowhead Grill.  Yes, we did notice less experienced bar tenders the second time we were there, but the drinks arrived and did I mention how great the food is?  This is definitely our new favorite restaurant......great place.
5	We've been here twice, both times to celebrate special occasions and we loved it both times.  The prime rib, rib eye,  trio of fries and absolutely the crab cake are all very good.  The martini list is ok, but the Bond martini is excellent and the butter cake dessert is just the kind of decadent diet buster I expect from a steakhouse like this.
5	How can we be speaking of the same place?  I think the poor reviews are pretty old as my husband and I have been there for the last two Saturdays.  We couldn't wait to go back.  We love to sit in the bar, and the bar menu reflects an extremely high standard.  The happy hour prices are great.  One of the best fillet steaks in town is served at a reduced price and is FABULOUS.  Everything we have sampled has been wonderful.  We do not live on the west side, but find it well worth the fairly long drive to enjoy the evening at Arrowhead Grill.  Yes, we did notice less experienced bar tenders the second time we were there, but the drinks arrived and did I mention how great the food is?  This is definitely our new favorite restaurant......great place.
5	Great food and our waiter couldn't have been friendlier! I got the newyork strip steak and mywife got the seabass. Both were some of the best we ever tasted
5	I have no idea why AG is not rated 5 stars... because it completely desrves it.I have tried several expensive steak houses (Flemings, Ruths Chris, Harris', etc.), but none compares to Arrowhead Grill.  They are moderately priced-- you have to expect to pay some money for a great steak, so those who complain about it being too expensive obviously didn't know what they were getting into.  The filet mignon and 10 oz. Delmonico are both OUTSTANDING.  Never a need for ANY steak sauce.Because I like so many things here, I will just list them.  Pretzel appetizer (very cheap considering the menu), trio of fries, chicken tacos appetizer, chili mac n cheese, loaded baked potato, carmelized onions, strawberry and chocolate fondue, key lime pie, creme brulee.  ALL are great.This is a true steak restaurant, so all sides are served a la carte.
4	Chef Schwerd does a great consistent job. Atmosphere and food are always very good. Never anything but a pleasant experience
4	Excellent, although a bit pricey.  Our server, Roo, was excellent!!!!!
5	My husband and I stopped in to celebrate our 20th anniversary at Arrowhead Grill. We weren't making a big deal out of our anniversary on the real date of our anniversary because we are renewing our vows during the Rock N Roll Marathon in Vegas.But not celebrating at all seemed wrong. So we went to Arrowhead Grill thinking that it was classier than some chain restaurant but we would still be comfortable in jeans.Wow. What a great last minute idea!We started with a couple of martinis in the bar. We just squeaked in for happy hour prices so that was a bonus.We then moved to the dinning room. No wait. Our waiter, Kevin, was friendly and competent, albeit a little timid. (My.husband and I were both wait staff when we met so "friendly and competent" are huge compliments from me.)  Kevin was knowledgable about the menu and answered all our questions. He was attentive without being so attentive that we felt like we should invite him to join us. It was just the right amount of attention.We shared the artichoke appetizer. It was SO good! Buttery and salty and tender and grilled and perfect!We also took a team approach to dinner. I ordered the calamari appetizer for my entree and my husband ordered the bone in porterhouse. We've been to Arrowhead Grill in the past and the reason we chose it for our anniversary was the calamari. It did not disappoint. What I wasn't expecting was that the porterhouse would make me forget that I ever wanted calamari. The rub is so tasty! And the beef was cooked to perfection. And SO tender. Even with us sharing the steak we had leftovers.Because it was our anniversary, Arrowhead Grill gave us complimentary dessert and champagne.  THIS was the most impressive part of the evening. Whoever put the celebration plan in place at Arrowhead Grill deserves a raise. And a glass of champagne. And a dessert.Great things about Arrowhead Grill's celebrations:They allow you to choose your dessert A+They bring champagne A+They place a really cool sparkler candle on the dessert plate so if you're the type of person.who wants the entire restaurant to know you're celebrating something, it's hard to miss A+Kevin brought us a hand written card with a coupon for our next visit. A+And best of all...THEY DO NOT SING! A+++++!We were very impressed. We plan to visit the bar for Happy Hour frequently and will dine in the dinning room for special occasions.Bravo, Arrowhead Grill!
5	Great spot!  Food was excellent.  Had the prime rib which melted in my mouth and loaded baked potato, largest I have ever seen.  Great atmosphere at the bar and good service.
5	AG is always great. We are here all the time and the food and service are always consistent.
5	For the price, Arrowhead Grill is by far one of the best kept secrets in the Valley for steak (and other delectables). For those who enjoy fine dining, AG is not quite as posh on the inside as other establishments, but the prices are lower and the food is BETTER.The Delmonico is a great cut of meat and they always prepare it perfectly. You can spend twice at much at Ruth Chris' and some of the other top rated steakhouses in Phoenix, but you won't get a better steak. That is the honest truth from someone who has tried them all. Even better is the rib-eye - costs a lot less than other top-shelf steak places, and is twice as good.The mashed potatoes, mushrooms and onions, and asparagus sides are all outstanding and flavorful. The martinis are delightful. But if you want an insider tip you weren't expecting, let me share with you a little secret about this restaurant: They make the best rack of lamb in town. The only thing missing is rosemary, but you won't even care because the meat is so thick and juicy - absolutely perfect at less than a third of what you pay at other restaurants. Portions are extremely generous as well. Service is usually decent - we've never had a bad experience, but some waiters are better than others, of course.Try the flour-less chocolate cake for dessert. You won't be disappointed.
5	We made a reservation a few days before New Year's Eve, and surprisingly, our party of 5 was able to get a table.  It was very crowded but I must say that everything served was cooked to perfection despite a very busy evening.  Service was prompt and very friendly.  This was our first visit and We were impressed!  We went back last week for Happy Hour and again, the bar was almost full but we were able to snag a table for our party of 5.  Again, service was great and the food was wonderful.  We are going back again this week!
1	Curious as to why they name their restaurant Arrowhead "Grill" when they broil there meat...not a fan.  I have no problem paying a lot for a good meal that has great flavor and is palate pleasing.  This food reminded me of what you would get in a cafeteria.Hostess was snotty, wait staff were nice, restaurant was quite loud.
3	So I'm visiting a friend and she is raving about this place. I tell her I go to Daniel's Broiler in Seattle for cut-with-a butter knife kind of steak and she tells me this place is the same and everyone loves it. Ok. Sure. My measurement is based on the fact that the food better be tastier than what I can cook at home because I'm a pretty damn good cook and a food snob.First the rosemary foccacia comes out and it's two slices for a three person table. Chintzy. So we have to ask for more bread right off the bat, so I'm already unimpressed. I order a starter of clam chowder and it's good but mine is a hundred times better (it's the recipe from Market Street Broiler in Salt Lake City...delish). We split a delmonico with shrimp scampi. It's pretty good, with a nice flavor. The shrimp were small and didn't have a particularly good flavor to them but the steak was nice. I've definitely had better but if you find yourself here, you will probably like your meal. Especially if you are a mediocre cook.
5	Went there for happy hour and dinner a week ago  - their wine selection is pretty good (but I am a wino/snob). They are a little pricey - but you get what you pay for! This isn't Black Angus people!The oysters on the half shell are to die for, the steak is always cooked perfect as you asked for and delicious, the sea bass.....ooooooh my! Lobster mashed potatoes....oh yeah that's a grip of lobster in there! They do not skimp and always go with the recommendations like making the steak 'oscar' and macadamia nut crusting the fish!Also, their wait staff is awesome and attentive...i never had to fill my wine glass myself or neither did my friend -- they were always around to refill us until our bottle was gone. Great atmosphere, great food great customer service. One of my fav restaurants and you don't have to go to Scottsdale for this kind of food & service folks!!
4	Good Steak and atmosphere.  Plus the prices are good for a high end place.  The waiter we had was very good as well.  I would definitely come here again for a special event.
4	Great upscale steak joint for an area saturated with gentrified restaurants.   Told the lamb chops were excellent although i dont go in for that kind of thing.  Jumbo Shrimp cocktail almost worth the trip.   Can't say my steak (house signature dish) was on par with a Ruth's Chris, but was a heck of a lot better than Outback.   If you are in need of a good steak in an area without a lot of good steak houses, stop by here.
5	Delicious! I cannot wait to go back here.  I was a little hesitant going because I do not eat steaks or much meat all together. We also were bringing the baby and I was worried she wouldn't be welcome. It was not that way at all though. The staff was super friendly and didn't care that she spilled food all over the place. The service all together was excellent. The food was amazing. I ordered the salmon. I usually do not like salmon I get in restaurants because it can lack flavor or be dry. This was the best salmon I have had. My husband ordered the filet. For 7 years he has been comparing all his steaks against a steak we had in San Luis Obispo, arrowhead grill has now taken top honor. He said it was the best steak of his life. That is a major accomplishment. The sides were all amazing. We got the trio of fries. I highly recommend them. I love fries with dipping sauce. The Mac and cheese was loved by the baby. Oh the bread basket is fantastic too. So many different choices! The drinks were strong and tasty. Overall and amazing experience and I can't wait to go back. I just need a special occasions since it is expensive. Maybe a groupon will pop up?
5	My family went to Arrowhead Grill 2 years ago and still talk about it.  We had a great meal.  It was my brother's birthday and we had a great 3 course meal.  What we remember best is stumbling upon such an amazing restaurant, where we each had a great filet (medium rare).  We were in town for the Fiesta Bowl and had no idea where to go or where to eat.  The next time we are anywhere near the area, we will definitely stop by!
2	Went there for dinner a few nights ago as we wanted to check out a new spot. We don't mind paying for good quality food. Our waitress was over the top sometimes. Basically read the whole menu to us when we said it was our first time. We had already had time to read the menu and we can read so that was about five minutes of our time she totally wasted. She then compared AG to Maestro's and Ruth Chris which was a huge mistake. I love Maestro's lobster mashed potatoes so when she made that comparison and I saw it on the menu I was like ok, this should be great. NOT. They were runny and EXTREMELY salty. The rub on the steak was also very salty. I think someone in the kitchen has a strong salt fetish and obviously no one is QC what is leaving the kitchen w/ a small taste test. I ordered the Sea Bass and the fish was in like a pyramid shape that made the fish about 3 inches tall and very thick. Obviously this type of uneven cut will affect the cooking. So I felt the inside was cooler and not as done as the thinner, outside parts and that made my stomach turn. Who cuts a fish like this? I have never seen that done. Then the lovely complimentary butter cake came for being our first time there. It's their "signature" dessert. BLAH, it did not impress me. Sorry I seem hard to please but when you set an expectation and compare yourself to 5-star restuarants, I expect you to deliver. Maybe try under promising and over delivering.
3	Oh dear!We really enjoyed this restaurant, especially going at the weekends for Happy Hour.  To our disappointment no more weekend happy hour.  The bar was almost empty ( I wonder why?) the drinks are now sadly overpriced, and not that great. The food is still good ( especially the shepherds pie, made with lamb as it should be  It is expensive. Gone are the days when we would make the drive over there. Value for the $$ is just not there......so many other places to go in the Valley.
1	I don't recall EVER dining with someone who has said, before ordering, "I wouldn't come back here".  Why?  Because we choose our dining out experiences carefully.  But one of my dinner companions declared it at Arrowhead last Monday evening, shortly after we ordered our pre-dinner cocktails.We chose Arrowhead because of the positive Yelp reviews - on which we have relied during our travels throughout the Southwest, West, Southeast, and our own Milwaukee/Chicago area.  I often scan the poor reviews, but disregard if there are an ample number of 4 or 5 stars and elaboration.  I was wrong this time.Ambiance: The entrance to this upscale steak/seafood restaurant is stunning, but once in the dining room - - - not so much.  The decor was uninteresting, stale, and not intimate.  A table candle (lighting was dim) or a fresh bloom on the table would have gone a long way.  (See posted photo.)  After all, this place advertises itself as "a new class of neighborhood grill".Service:  We waited a long time to order as our waiter seemed to have vanished (finished our wine and had our water glasses filled twice).   Had to ask the busboy to fetch him.  Yes, our steaks and Arctic char were good - but were served without garnish or flair.  A little parsley, lettuce, dill, kale leaf, or WHATEVER would have dressed the big white bare entree plates more like the entrees shown on the Arrowhead website.  Had to wait a bit longer for our side orders so we had time to stare at the starkness of the plates .  When the dishes arrived (Yukon gold mashed potatoes and creamed spinach) they were OK,  but not delicious and seemed as though they had been nuked from a frozen state.  This kind of "side" might be OK at home or at a chain eatery, but not at an "upscale" restaurant when one is paying extra for everything except for the piece of meat entree order.Again, the Delmonico steak, New York strip, and Arctic char were delicious, but we chose Arrowhead for a dining EXPERIENCE comparable to other 4/5 star reviewed restaurants that we've visited and enjoyed. This is a pricey restaurant that does not live up to it's potential.
5	We have been here a few times now. Tonight, we went for my in-laws 50th anniversary. From the moment we walked in, the staff was outstanding. They treated my in-laws very well. Several staff members stopped by to congratulate them. Our waiter, Todd, was very attentive and patient with them. He even gave them a beautiful dessert (with a sparkler!). On the plate, "Happy 50th Anniversary" was spelled out in chocolate. They also gave them a card and a coupon.In regards to the food, we have had the prime rib, delmonico, tomahawk (bone-in ribeye), and porterhouse. Each of the cuts have been delicious. Tonight we tried the artisan macaroni and cheese...delicious...and the grilled artichoke. Everything has always been cooked to perfection. They have a good selection of wines. As another reviewer stated, the wines are a bit pricey, but not out of the ordinary for this type of steakhouse. They play light jazz music, creating a nice atmosphere.The restaurant has been very clean each time we've come, and the staff interact with each other as a team, which is always nice to see.
2	I have eaten here a number of times since it is in my neighborhood.  When I first started going everything was excellant.  But, as time has gone on the experience is less and less satisfying.  My last visit was Sat. night.  The noise level was extreme.  The service was shaky at best.  In all fairness it was busy when we first arrived but it cleared out by about 8 and the service was worse.  We watched our waiter visiting with other employees but didn't see him refill drinks,  Delmonico steaks were perfectly cooked and served hot.  Sides were not as hot.  Flourless cake billed as warm showed up straight out of the frig.  The prices here are not cheap.  You expect a great experience.  Don't know if we will try again.
1	This place was great few months back. They had an amazing staff, little by little they are all leaving due to owners yelling screaming and controlling behavior.  We used to be regulars, I think the success got to the owners head, who likes to be called "The Chef".  Unfortunately last few times, we have been there the service hasn't been so good.  We need another high end steak house in Peoria.
2	Meh. I've experienced better is about right with this place. Arrowhead Grill, your food was good, but when I'm shelling out $200 for dinner for two, I expect top notch service and ambience. We tried this place for the first time last night. We usually go to flemmings, but wanted to try something different. The place was loud and  there was a crying baby. The large dried red leaves that decorated the walls were very gaudy and the lighting was way too bright. I could have looked past all of this if our service was better. Our waitress while she seemed to be nice, was odd. She said "I can offer you the calamari or butter cake" we had no idea what that meant.  We thought she recommended those items, but later found out we got one free for being 1st timers. Which was generous I guess. Other than that, they were out of pear martinis, they did not refill drinks. I wanted a glass of wine with my steak and the wine came after I was done with my steak. The bus boys seem to be all high school age and when one cleared our bread plates, the butter knife fell to our table and the butter splattered on the table and my dress. No one cleaned up the table for us. However, the steaks were good, but I can get good steaks and much better service at Flemmings or Mastros.....
5	Absolutely terrific food. If you love steak, you'll love AG. I've eaten at Arrowhead Grill several times and have never been disappointed. Love the Delmonico steak. Cooked to perfection. The bar is also fun for hanging out, watching sports and enjoying the happy hour specials. Definitely recommend.
5	My husband and I split a large Caesar salad. We could have done a small as the portions are quite large. We then each had the Delmonico steak with sauteed broccoli and sauteed mushroom with onions. Again we split these as they were more than big enough to do so. Everything was amazing! The steak was cooked medium rare just to my liking. The cut of meat was superb. It was a  melt in your mouth experience.
4	My wife and I love AG.  The steak is always prepared the way we order it.  And they are fantastic.  Delmonico for my wife.  Bone-in ribeye for me.  Every time.  While everything is a la carte, prices on appetizers and sides isn't too astronomical.  I just love that you can get a very, very good steak in the NW Valley.I drop 1 star solely because of the hit and miss service.  It's never been bad.  But it has been average.  Case in point, we once ordered soft pretzel bread as an appetizer.  We had to ask for the usual assorted bread basket.  Our server told us he assumed we didn't want it since we ordered the pretzels.  It does get loud in the dining room too.  If it's busy, don't expect regular "is everything OK" visits.That all being said, it's our go to date night location.  The steak alone (within a 15 minute drive from our house) seals the deal.
4	High quality and over all I had a good experience.
5	I have been eating at this restaurant for 3 years.  I have never been disappointed. I drive from the middle of Phoenix to eat here passing many other restaurants on the way.  The steaks are delicious no matter what the cut.  My wife prefers the seafood dishes and has never been disappointed.  This place just celebrated its fifth anniversary which is a major milestone in the Phoenix area.  This is no doubt due to the great food that is served but also the attentive staff.  The manager  is very involved and attentive to make sure your dining experience is one that you truly enjoy.  They also have a great wine selection.  I have taken many friends here over they years who have become regulars. It has become my "go to" place.
5	My husband and I ate here for the first time though we live just down the street. We started by sharing a small spinach salad, which was just enough for the two of us. He had the AG grilled salmon, and I had the Delmonico steak. Both were prepared wonderfully and tasted delicious. We didn't have time for dessert, but will next time! We'll definitely be back!
4	We love this place. It's pretty pricey, but worth it for a special occasion. We get the ribeye and delmonico steaks. The AG mashed potatoes are great.
5	The food here is amazing little pricy that why I come for happy hour. If you haven't eaten here your missing out.
5	Great food in a not-too-stuffy atmosphere. Moderately priced for steakhouse of that caliber and they offer great specials. I could become a regular!
5	Went here tonight around 4pm to try them out for the 1st time. I have to say the AG Burger is by far the best burger I've ever had, and I've had a lot of burgers in my life.
5	Went for Valentines Day and everything we had was amazing!  The food was cooked to perfection.  We were a party of 6 - everyone ordering different things and all I can say was everyone thoroughly enjoyed every bite down to feeling so full we were waddling out.  We had everything from apps, sides, entrees and dessert.  The presentation of the food was out of this world.  I remember some of the food being served with sparklers and never seeing anything like it before (not sure if this was because it was Valentine's Day and a special thing on the menu or if they do it all the time).  Can't wait to go back.  Best place hands down to eat in the NW valley.
4	Hey I'm a steak kinda person , and when I'm on the west side of town, which I always am . This is where to go !!! Bitchin steaks , great fish & wonderful service ! Great place to celebrate a special occasion. Missing that fifth star though because they need to update their finishings a bit . Kick Ace Place
2	I'm not trying to get a free meal with this review. I just got home from AG, and I'll never go back again. I did say that before, about one year ago, but when the AG first opened they were so good I thought I'd give them another chance. The service was fair, my steak was okay, but not the steak I get for the price, $39+ anywhere else. Horrible side dish portions and quality for such inflated prices!!! Goodbye AG.
4	They have a great happy hour menu at AG. The Steak Delmonico is always flavorful and cooked to order. Cocktails are good but a bit overpriced in my opinion. We usually being out of town guests here when we want a nice meal but don't want to drive too far. We love sitting out on the patio since it has been redone.
4	In life, I don't think anything is perfect well...except perhaps the filet that I devoured at Arrowhead Grill may come pretty darn close! My experience was great from the beautiful and courteous hostess, great service, ambiance, wine and of course the main event; my filet. I highly recommend this restaurant for anyone who wants a casual but fine dining experience. The food was superb!
5	Cheese plate is elegant and generously portioned.  Seasonal salad is AMAZING
5	I had dinner here last night and the food and service was outstanding.  I had the Delmonico steak with lobster mashed potatoes. Wonderful! It was my birthday, so we got a complimentary butter cake and ice cream.  Outstanding! I wish I had the recipe.  I would love to go back.
5	We have had the fish and steaks here, and they are uniformly excellent. Their house Delmonico Steak melts in your mouth, and the sauce they use on it is fabulous. Good service and an extensive wine list. We love this place.
5	Hidden gem of the valley!! Fantastic all around .. Their prosciutto wrapped asparagus is to die for!!! Butter cake desert is something everyone has toHave!
5	AG always offers a great dining experience and once again that was the case. Steaks are amazing but the Sea Bass is my wifes go-to dinner there.
1	Just got back from AG and literally had the worst dining experience ever. We were seated at the table basically in the lobby which I should have known right from there that it was going to be a crappy experience. Sat there for 10 minutes with no menu, no drinks, no waiter, no silverware, no service. Eventually the manager comes over and takes our drink order. Comes back with our drinks and takes our order 5 minutes later. Then we wait for our food, and wait some more, and wait some more. Eventually the hostess sees that we have been sitting their for an extended period of time (if I were to venture a guess I would say at minimum 20 minutes with no one coming over to us) with no one coming over to our table and shes asks if we have been helped. We tell her sort of by the manager so she goes to find him. He comes back and gives us a lame excuse about how the kitchen is backed up and all I can think to myself is, "funny, the women sitting right next to us ordered after we did and they have been eating for 10 minutes already. So food gets there, mine is lukewarm and my wife says hers is cold. We had to ask for silverware and napkins as they still have not been given to us at this point. The BBQ burger I ordered didn't come with the barbeque sauce on it. The fries they served us were also slightly warm and soggy. At this point we never saw the manager again and we had waiter by committee. No one seemed designated to our area so who ever happened to be there was the person helping us. Not sure why but we decided to order dessert which was unimpressive as well. We had the tres leches creme brulee which I'm pretty sure was nothing more than pudding with sugar on top. So we finish the desert and by this point the night has been ruined. I'm frustrated beyond belief and just want to pay and get out of there but of course no one is around to give us our check! We continue to wait until I get fed up and just tell the hostess if she can get someone to give us our check. We pay and leave. It was pretty apparent by the women sitting next to us that we were just blatantly forgotten. For a place claiming to be "upscale" this was anything but and if I'm going to spend that type of money I may as well go to a Flemings or Ruth Chris. I guess the moral of the story is if they try to seat you at the table almost in the lobby you're better off just waiting for something else. I for sure will be hard pressed to ever come back and its a damn shame b/c it seems like a nice enough place.
2	Nice atmosphere and very friendly employees but....had the toughest steak I've ever had in a restaurant. It was cooked medium and had very nice flavor as promised. It would have been fine to send it back but I never do it. The twice baked potato seemed old because the bottom of it was as hard as wood. Neither my wife or I could cut it with a knife. With 15.00 drinks and 50.00 steaks I would rather go elsewhere.
5	I love this place!! the food is absolutely incredible!! their lamb chops are to die as well as the lobster mashed potatoes to compliment mmmm!! Not to mention the Appetizers are perfect !! GOOD GOOD GOOD :)
4	So let me preface this by saying, a few years ago, my husband and I stopped into Arrowhead Grill on a whim. We figured, "Oh it's a grill, it'll be good to grab some food after working out." So here we are, a sweaty couple on our way home from L.A. Fitness nearby stopping into Arrowhead Grill. We stepped in, and they warmly welcomed us. The decor took us by surprise. There was rich dark toned wood covering most of the restaurant with detailed ceilings and an intricate waterfall behind the hostess desk, As the hostess sat us, and she handed us our thick leather bound menus, and we both looked at each other in surprise. "This is a steak house!" (Similar to that of Morton's or Ruth's Chris of Flemings). Perhaps, we should've looked it up first prior to walking in. However, the food ended up being really good and they treated us very well the entire time. I don't know why we didn't return sooner.Fast forward to this past Saturday, we finally returned due to a gift card and had another great experience. Compared to the first time, the place was packed on Saturday evening. We couldn't tell though because our waiter was really good. He constantly checked in on us and never rushed us with anything. He was pretty good about timing the delivery of food as well. What was memorable?1. Lamb chop appetizer. Very unique delivery. The lamb chops are like lollipops and you dip it in a strong truffled cheese. I couldn't tell the cheese was truffled but it was still very good and the chops were cooked perfectly. You could bite into them seemlessly which means they were tender and not chewy2. The AG Mule (Basically a Moscow Mule) - the bartender did great with combining ginger beer and vodka among some other accoutrements3. The 10 oz filet mignon - order it medium rare and try it oscar style. Oscar style indicates lumps of crab meat covered in Bernaise sauce. Here instead of lumps of crab meat though, they put a crab cake on top of the filet with the Bernaise sauce. Different prep, but still good. 4. The S'mores dessert is one of the coolest things around. However, it's one of the messiest things I've ever eaten in a restaurant! I just couldn't pass up the homemade giant marshmallows they described to us.
3	Although the food was good,  the service was terrible. I love to go to fine dining establishments, and this did not compare. We ordered our drinks and they took at least 10 minutes to get to us.  Then,  our food was lukewarm except for the filet. By the time I wanted another cocktail, I was already finished with dinner.  The check was left at our table,  we paid,  and the server came back to grab the check with his tip, and did not see if we needed anything else. He did not clean off the table or nothing.  You would think they would offer coffee, clean the table off, or something, but no. He grabbed his tip and bailed. Hopefully our server was just having a bad night, but I'm not sure we'll go back.
5	We love Arrowhead Grill.  There are not alot of really great restaurants her in the NW valley, so Arrowhead Grill is a regular for us.  Great wine list, great steaks, and always friendly with my cooking/preparing requests.  Roo is a regular waitress of ours and just wonderful.
5	I just are here and I have to say it was as good if not better then I was told it was. Wow. And my server Steve was amazing. I will be going back often.
5	Love, love, love arrowhead grill! Been here many times and it has always been on point as far as food and atmosphere. The reason I'm just commenting now is the last piece of the puzzle came into play tonight... Kimberley gave exceptional service!!! Now when we come back we know who to ask for and I highly recommend you do the same!
4	Had dinner there a few weeks ago when a friend stopped in town from San Diego. I feel like Arrowhead Grill is the"Pride of the West side" so I was glad the restaurant was on top of their game. My only complaint is from the bar service. On the rocks means "Pour the liquor in a glass filled with ice". Today's bartenders all think every drink needs to be shaken in a shaker first and THEN poured over a glass full of ice. That severely waters down the drink and by the way, that method is what's called an "up and over". Which is NOT correct.  Other than that, the food was mostly awesome. One critique - their sides such as the cream of corn are not to my liking. It's just too thick. Best Prime in town in my humble opinion.
4	Very good food, completely amazing to be more correct. It was pricey and I didn't dig that everything is al a carte but the food made up for any grievance. The service wasn't exactly fast but I was catching up with a friend so enjoyed not feeling pressured out. It's a great place for a special night out.
5	My sister and I ended up here after trying to find a restaurant that was open during the Super Bowl (ahh, America...your restaurants and shops are open on almost all holidays but not Super Bowl Sunday). Arrowhead Grill was quiet, but that was expected. The staff was very nice and didn't rush us even though we were there past closing time. We ordered some light food because we weren't in the mood for a heavy meal. Even the simple things we ordered were presented in a cool manner. I got the s'mores dessert which came me with a teeny tiny fire pit on the plate and homemade marshmallows. I would love to come back for another special occasion.
3	To be fair, probably worth more stars, but took my wife here for Valentine's. I wasn't the only one who thought that would be a nice treat, making the place super busy. we were in the restaurant for two solid hours. The food was good, the service was nice and courteous, the bill was, as expected, more than your average dining bill.We did leave there stuffed with desert to go. Very comparable to a Flemings.
3	We went on Valentines day for dinner. We also went on Valentines day last year. We have been to Arrowhead Grill at least 10 times in the past. Tonight it was just an off night as can happen. We had never had an off experience at Arrowhead Grill so we held the restaurant in high regard. The Steak was overwhelming, over powered and inundated with SALT. It was way beyond anything we ever had at Arrowhead Grill in the past. I do not mean a little on the salty side I mean horrendously salty. The rest of the meal was fine but the steak is the star on the plate and it did not live up to prior visits whatsoever. The service was also really slow. The waiter came by 3 times to tell us just a few more minutes and it was almost 1 hour before food arrived. But that was not the worst of the timing. Dessert took 27 minutes from order to arrival and it was the worst dessert we have had in a long long time. We didn't eat it. We held the Arrowhead Grill to a nearly top tier standard and they did not make it last night. It does diminish our overall opinion but we will still go back
5	We have been to AGs many, many times. It's our fave spot for visiting guests, special family occasions and just when we are in need of a really great meal. Kumamoto oysters are a great appetizer.  Small, sweet, clean and fresh. The AG Delmonico steak is the best steak I have ever had - I'm comparing it to Morton's, Ruth's Chris, Gene & Georgettis, etc. AGs out does them all on this cut. Great sides, desserts and wine selection. Vibrant bar area and they somehow created a cozy outdoor patio area despite the difficult corner location on 101 and Union Hills.   The menu is a bit pricey but not when compared to comparable restaurants. I highly recommend this place!
5	An update to my prior review to add the final star.  While I've only checked in 3 times, I've been here much more.  I only gave 4 stars before because of shoddy service on one particular Saturday night in the bar.  But after having been on very busy nights since then, I realize that was a one time anomaly.  AG is fantastic - food and service.  It is my wife's number one choice for date night.
5	I had heard plenty of great things from my friends in Phoenix about Arrowhead Grill.  Well, they weren't wrong.  During my last visit to Arizona I decided to stop in to check out the joint.  Not only was the food amazing, the service was spectacular.  My server, Roo, went above and beyond.  She was attentive with great suggestions.  She was there when we needed her while not being intrusive in the least.  Next time I'm in Phoenix I'll be visiting Arrowhead and I hope Roo will be working.
4	Great food, amazing service from our server Brent was superb!Arrowhead Grill is the nicest place West of Central.
5	This is our favorite spot. My wife is a steak snob and this is hands down her favorite and mine as well. Locally owned and all meat is aged and cut in house. It doesn't get any better if your looking for a delicious melt in your mouth cut with a fork steak. Always perfect amazing service. Truly can't say enough nice things about Arrowhead Grill
1	So generally this place is a staple and I have had good things to say to anyone that I talk to about it. However, the last two experiences have been terrible. This time we sat in the bar and basically we were forgotten. We had to flagged down our servers several times just to get anything done and this was after "happy hour" when the bar is dead. We will not be coming back and will tell everyone we know that the service has greatly diminished. Not bitter just disappointed.
5	We go here for happy hour and love it.  The butter cake is incredible. Great service.
3	There were 5 of us dining at the Grill for diner. Three of the 5 ordered the prime rib special which was a12 oz prime rib. It is a one of them was very fatty and over cooked. Two had  filet and they were done perfectly and excellently seasoned.  Our server was very good. The only down fall to the restaurant is the prices. I felt they were a little high compared to similar class restaurants.  The traditional mac & Cheese side dish is excellent.
5	We were just recommend Arrowhead Grill two months ago and we've been there 3 times already. Amazing steak and their Chilean sea bass is some of the best we have had. It can get pricy once you order sides, wine and an ap but it's worth it. Service is great and atmosphere is cozy. Really great pricing on their food and bar menu during happy hour if you sit in bar or on patio.
2	This place has steadily gone down hill.  My husband and I first found this place on Thanksgiving 2011. It was a delicious four course meal planned for the holiday, the service was GREAT and we were anxious to go back.  We continued to frequent the place and always sat so we could have a particular server....it was a know your name atmosphere with great high end food.  On one particular visit we noticed all familiar faces gone.  It had to be one of the most aggravating meals we had ever experienced.  Our server was never to be found, and when we mentioned this to whom appeared to be the manager (because we flagged him down for a drink refill) no apologies just words to the bar tender to send our drinks over.  We lived through this and tried to forgive the "new" guy and have faith when we returned on a different occasion that it would be better......it wasn't! And shame on us desperate foodies who live on the west side we actually tried again Last Friday.  I'm not going to pick on the servers....I'm going to just say it.  Their management is a joke and any one who enjoys high end restaurants would concur!  It's a shame the place seems so popular, if this is all people who live on the west side expect out of a $200 two person meal......we are never going to get decent restaurants on this side of town.  No more chances will be given here!
2	For as much money as we paid we expected much better service than we received.The steaks were fine but everything else seemed to be a problem.  We had to send my nephews plate back twice - how hard are sliders??They had tons of employees milling about, yet it seemed like a lot of trouble just getting water glasses refilled as most of those employees were standing around talking to each other.Honestly a run of the mill place like Outback is better and cheaper.I will say its kind of dark and romantic so it might be a decent place for a date night.
3	I had high hopes... The AG entry was beautifully decorated, but as you walk in to the dining room it became very simple. It is dark with a romantic feel. It's not very big either. Bottom line for what we paid, I want to feel like a fat, happy princess. Shrimp cocktail app was presented beautifully (over dry ice). The 3 shrimp were huge and very good, but if you have 4 people you can add another one? $16.99 plus $5.50 that's expensive in my book. The steaks were good and I recommend that if you are a Med rare person order it rare plus as it is served on a 400 degree plate and keeps cooking. The steaks had a nice flavor. The sides are all ala carte. The AG potatoes were very good, green beans also nice. My daughter who ordered off the kids menu wanted a little side of steamed broccoli, most places are accommodating to this, but we were charged the full $8.99. That was about the same as her meal. The specialty drink list was cool. The wine list in a Steak House should "wow" you... No I was not impressed. Service was so mediocre! Not at all what my bill demanded. Many reviews compare AG to Flemings, and I eat there all the time along with many other upscale steakhouses. Folks this is not in the same league. You ask why not 2 stars well the food did taste good and I'm on vacation so I'm more laid back.
5	Had the Kobe steak and French onion soup. Both reminded me of Don Schula's in Florida. Absolutely with the price. The breads that they bring you aster of excellent quality and will make you hunger for more if you like breads.
5	I've driven by quite a few times and never stopped in. Our first experience was with a large party of 25. My steak was awesome.. cooked exactly like I like it.  I had the Delmonico with a side of proccutto wrapped asparagus.  A small slice of heaven. The service was excellent.  They pour a good drink too. Highly recommended you stop in for a good steak
4	Went for dinner tonight! First timer! The food was incredible. I am not a meat eater but found there was plenty of other options to indulge in! I had the lobster baked potato and a salad and both were superb! Service was excellent and the free bread was delicious! We went for a birthday and were given a gift card to use when we return. This is a great place and way better than Flemings. The four stars was only because it is a bit too pricey...$17 for a potato... but do not confuse lack of stars for flavor because it certainly delivers on that spectrum! Service and ambiance were certainly on point as well. Go Arrowhead Grill for getting rid of the stuffy white tablecloth yet not letting the guest know it in terms of service.
5	Great dining experience, on the expensive side but worth the money.  The steak was so tender, it melted in my mouth.  Everything was well-prepared, and the waiter was very attentive to our needs.  This was our 2nd time dining here, and both times were top-notch.  The location is a little out of our way, but I think it's worth the drive.
5	Had dinner here a couple of nights ago. Have been here many times and always enjoy the food and service. Steaks were great, particularly the bone-in filet. Our server Marcie was terrific as always. This place continues to deliver the whole package. Thanks AG and Marcie!!
5	Went here again tonight for a birthday and sat in Charles section and I have to say everytime I'm come here it gets better and better. Love this place. The service was amazing the food was to die for and the company was beyond.
5	This is one of my favorite places to celebrate special events. My husband and I have been to many steakhouses over the years and this one tops all the others. The service is great and the food is AMAZING. It's a secret gem hidden on the west side.
5	Best steak i've had in a long time! i strongly advise the filet, chilie mac n cheese, prosciutto wrapped asparagus and the oysters as the appetizer!
5	Prime steaks and excellent table side service at reasonable prices what's not to like?Decent wine selection domestic & international.One of the best restaurants in the Northwest Valley!
5	The steaks at Arrowhead Grill are top notch! Celebrating our 5 year anniversary with family, the service was great and the food was filling and well worth it. I liked the family style sides which were all pretty good such as green beans, truffle cauliflower and grilled artichokes. I had a 8oz filet Mignon, it was buttery and spiced well, and a nice glass of red wine.  Yum! I would definitely go back!
5	Absolutely hands down the best steakhouse on the West side of town. I've been a few times and the food is amazing, and the service has been fabulous each time. Get the butter cake as a desert if you have room, it's like nothing I've had before. Really great place.
5	Great food and great service.  Staff is friendly and accommodating.  Food is as good as Ruth's Chris.  Highly recommend!
5	My wife,daughter and myself ate here a few days ago.  This is without a doubt the best restaurant we've ate at since moving to Arizona a year and 1/2 ago.  The service and food was superb.My daughter ordered the 8 oz filet mignon and said it was the best she's ever had.  Buttery tender with superb flavor cooked to medium perfection.  I had the 22 oz Porterhouse and it was awesome!  It was tender throughout and was cooked meduim rare as ordered. There was not a tough spot anywhere and the flavor was to die for.  My wife had the Chilean sea bass and said it was flakey and cut with a fork tender.  She said the hollandaise sauce that came with it was wonderful, totally smooth and perfectly seasoned.  Don't leave without having the Ghirardelli double chocolate brownie with chocolate ice cream.  This was totally smooth chocolate decadence.Our server, Roo, was dynamite.  She knew tne menu completly and was able to answer all our questions.  She also came back frequently asking how everything was and continuously refilled our sodas.  The whole time there there was not a time lag in service.  As soon as a course was finished the plates were removed and within a few minutes the next arrived.  We definitely plan to return here again and will highly recommend it to family and friends.
5	Save your pennies up and GO HERE!We've been three times now & each time I've been reminded of the joy of dining. The lamb chop with goat cheese fondue is amazing. We shared a huge steak two of our visits which was prepared perfectly. Steak salad was great, smores dessert... it's all really well done (no pun intended.. especially cause we like meat rare). Service has been great as well. Friendly, attentive... like they know you're there for a $100+ meal & treat you accordingly.Arrowhead Grill easily rivals any steak house I've been to in any major US or European city. Only downside is the cost... it ain't cheap. But you get what you pay for.
4	BGreat food, staff needs customer service training: made to feel it was a great inconvenience that we didn't have a RSVP on a Monday night. 1/3 full max during evening. Brought a bottle of wine and of course would order st least one bottle-- No corkage allowed, and we had to REMOVE OUR WINE FROM THE PREMISES--almost lost our pArty of 5 on that one. Overcharged on one of the Orrin Swift Prisoner and Papillon.  Waitress cool and snippy.  Around $500 for really good food (best we've had in the general west side area); just need to fix a few attitudes-- (not ours).
4	Wow.  We were impressed.  This is one of those places we drive by all the time and one can't believe that something so good could be on the corner of 83rd Ave and Union Hills next to an NYPD pizza.  The martini drinks were great.  Dinner was superb. One had the lamb (delish) I opted for the Filet, rare - Oscar style.  It was equally delish.  Another one had the SeaBass (delish) and we had as sides the lobster mac-n-cheese, potatoes and asparagus.   Dinner for six of us with 2 bottles of wine was about $700, but it was worth it.  Add another $125 on the front end in the bar for drinks and appetizers.  That may be a little spendy for most, but we thought it was worth it for the food and ambiance.   Plus we always like to patronize local businesses!
4	Phenomenal meal.
3	Took my wife here for "Wino Wednesday"... And it was delici! The Scallops were good. The steaks were some of the best slices of meat I've had! A little pricey! 2 of us ate for $100. Skip the veggie risotto! It tasted like rice a roni!
5	Is the AG Burger the best in town?? Maybe, if you know one that can top it let me know!!Ground tenderloin tips, fried onions and sliced prime rib!!  Or try the AG Salmon with BBQ shrimp. The west side needs more local places like this with great food. Grab a seat in the bar and enjoy!!
5	We just got home a little while ago, and are still full...so, this is going to be a short review.The restaurant just looks like a steakhouse.  When you walk through the front door, you can smell the steaks cooking.  The scent literally grabs you, and you almost feel like you're floating in.  The dining room is dimly lit, has dark wood features and had a very comfortable and inviting feel to it.  It's a bit spread out, so you don't feel like you're sitting on top of the table next to you.Our waiter, Charles, was knowledgeable and attentive.  We had a few questions, and he had no trouble answering them.The rolls were delicious.  For an appetizer, hubby had a cup of clam chowder, which he loved!  I had the shrimp cocktail with the colossal shrimp...yes, they were!  They were also cold and crisp and wonderful.For our main course, hubby got the prime rib (end cut) with shrimp scampi.  He said it was one of the best he's ever had.  I ordered the Delmonico steak with the bleu cheese sauce.  It was cooked perfectly, and so incredibly tender.  For our sides, I had the carmelized sweet onions, to put on my steak.  And, we also got the loaded mashed potatoes.  Everything was perfect!Since this was our first time, Charles bought us dessert.  It was their signature item, the butter cake with vanilla ice cream on top.  We were so full, but somehow we were able to finish every last crumb of this decadently rich cake.Will we be back...you bet we will!!
3	Overall the food was really good. Party of 8 with complaints from the two that ordered the AG Delmonico steaks. Over cooked and a little chewy.  The Small cut of prime rib for $35 was , well, really small.  The wild salmon blackened was the best I have ever had and the lobster mashed were a hit. The service was great but I am confused why it was about $80 a person to have dinner with only a few drinks and not one bottle of wine to Jack up the bill.  That took it from a weekly event for my group to a once in awhile treat.
5	Phenomenal!  Every aspect of Arrowhead Grill exudes excellence.  From the staff to the atmosphere to (especially!) the food... It is easy to witness the incredible high level of passion and commitment Arrowhead Grill holds to.  Bravo.  You've made me a Raving Fan.
4	Salad 2 starsSteak 5 starsService 4 starsVibe 3 stars Butter cake 5 stars++++Yes, it's pricy but I will go back just for that Butter Cake yum! Happy Hour is until 6 pm with limited appetizer and drink selections
5	Over the course of the last couple years, I frequently ate at the Arrowhead Grill and have never had a bad meal here. All of their food is delicious and is very accommodating to vegeterians. On top of that, the deserts are to die for! Easily my favorite restaurant in the Phoenix Area.
5	BEST tenderloin in the world. We love our steak medium rare and it does tend to come out on the medium side. Trick: order rare plus. If too rare, slice and plate will cook it. Best filet in AZ. Better than flemings!
5	Wow!  Just had the most amazing steak, and I didn't have to drive to Scottsdale to get it.  It was cooked perfectly, which is so "rare"!  Also, you have to try the fried green beans.  Martinis added a nice touch and the atmosphere was great.  I highly recommend this restaurant.
5	The best steakhouse in all of Arizona. The lamb chop fondue, spinach salad, Delmonico steak, green chile mac n cheese, and butter cake are out of this world! Everything about this place is perfection and the customer service is impeccable. We drive 45 minutes just to eat here!
5	Fantastic service! Our waitress was so nice! She was so polite and quick to refil drinks. The food is out of this world and we will definitely be back for other celebrations :)
4	A more upscale yet relaxed steakhouse. The husband and I ordered different cuts of steak, both medium rare. They were full of flavor and properly cooked through-out. The meal was enjoyed with a glass of red wine recommended by the waiter.
5	I said we'd be back...and we were...tonight!It was date night, and we wanted great steaks with great service...this is the place to go.  Our server, Todd, was very nice, attentive and knowledgeable.This time, we both got chopped salads to start (mine with honey-mustard, hubby's with thousand island).  Can a salad be really delicious?  Yes, they can.  The chopped salad comes with a mix of lettuces and heirloom tomatoes.  The dressing is mixed into the salad so well, I didn't think there was any.  But, I got a taste of it with each bite.  Beautifully mixed.I ordered the prime rib (medium), which was so incredibly tender, I could've sliced it with a spoon.  Flavorful and juicy, served with au jus, horseradish and horseradish cream.  I prefer the cream, and it was perfect.  Hubby got the filet, and I think he inhaled it.  Before I knew it, his plate was empty!  For our sides, we got the maple mashed sweet potatoes.  Hubby said they tasted like Christmas...LOL!  Actually, they were amazing.  We also went with their special side of sliced zucchini with red peppers  Let's put it this way, there was nothing left.We weren't going to order dessert, but hubby saw the menu, and wanted the key lime pie.  I gave in, and ordered the strawberries with dark chocolate fondue.  I'm not a key lime fan, but he said it was one of the best ones he's ever had.  On mine, the strawberries were bright red, juicy and not too big (which made it easy to dip and eat whole).  The dark chocolate fondue wasn't overly sweet, which really complemented the strawberries.Overall, another amazing and delicious meal.
5	I was under the impression this place was "fancy"! No it's not. You can come dressed casually. Sides are about $8.99+ steaks start at $30.99. Very worth it! Delmonico steak was SOOO good! Perfect! Green chile Mac is very flavorful and you can have it as an entree or to share. The potato au gratin is the same. Sooo much cheese! I could sit there and eat all the sides! Chilean sea bass with macadamia crust was absolutely delicious!
5	Great food & great service!
5	Excellent food! Everything we ordered was perfectly prepared. The Delmonico streak was great but been better was the Prime Rib. Best I've had in a long time!
5	Kim's service on the patio tonight helped to make it a perfect dining experience! Bacon wrapped filet was perfectly cooked, especially the smokey bacon. The delmonico and lobster tail were delicious, and that butter cake dessert.... Amazing!! No wonder they won an award for it!!
4	This was a chance to spend time with a great customer and everything was excellent.Thanks for taking such good care of us and making for a very enjoyable dinner.
4	The food was good. For the price I might go to Ruth's Chris. But it was good.
4	Happy hour is great. Lamb chop fondue with truffle cream sauce is out of this world. Filet mignonette sliders were amazing.
5	Went for a friend's birthday and everything was wonderful! Started off with drinks, I had the Peartini ,which was delish, and my friend had the AG Mule, which he enjoyed very much. We skipped appetizers and salads and ordered filets with the cognac pepper corn sauce. Since the sides are ala carte and enough for 2-3 people, we shared the green beans and the AG mashed potatoes, both were very delicious. The steaks were so good and the sauce was a great complement. For my friend's birthday they brought out their house butter cake topped with a dash of ice cream on a plate that spelled out Happy Birthday in chocolate sauce, needless to say it was quite good! The service was impeccable and we will be back!
5	Was here with the family. Our first visit, the food was incredible. At first when we walked in they asked us where we would like to sit and I didn't know there is a main dining room choice and by the bar choice. I told them not sure we are really hungry... lolThe hostess sat us at the bar, there are tables there, which surprised me because we had 2 kids with us. But then I went to wash my hands in the restroom and you had to walk through the main dining room to get there, I realized we werent really dressed "semi formal" maybe that's why the sat us by the bar. I mean we were coming from the zoo with 2 kids trying to grab a bite. I am giving them 5 stars because everything we tried was delicious!!!
5	We have been coming here for quite some time, we love wine down Wednesdays, half price wines in the bar and a great priced menu.Ask Clint for his recommendation for wine, always spot on.
5	Best Steakhouse on the west side! Love this place, service is excellent, the staff goes above and beyond to make you feel special, been there a lot of times, specially after the Cardinals games, those Cardinal Sins martinis are a must! Food is just amazing and we are always happy with our experience and would highly recommend.
5	Yummy... The 48 Oz porterhouse is the bomb... So is the creme brule..Ask for Jessica... She is the best I have had there so far!
