5	I imagine most of you have been to Baskin-Robbins 31 Flavors before.  You are likely familiar with their standard signature ice cream flavors, as well as novelty flavors which rotate monthly.This review is based upon the "Baskin-Robbins 31 Flavors" experience, not comparing Sweet Republic vs. Gelato Spot vs. Thrifty vs. Baskin-Robbins.  This particular location is well run, and provides an overall EXCELLENT Baskin-Robbins experience.  It was remodeled sometime in the last year. In recent memory I can report that it is always clean and hospitable when we go.We go to this location about once a week.  The employees are long-term, and the owner is often there.  It appears that effort is made to keep the place clean.  The employees are pleasant and friendly.  If you bring a child that wants to taste-test 10 flavors, they won't reveal any impatience, just friendly cooperation.You can sit inside, in the newly remodeled interior, sit outside at the tables provided, or walk around and look in the windows of the local stores.  We like to walk  to Border's after our ice cream treat.$1.00 kid size scoops every Tuesday.While we do order a variety of flavors, our group is partial to the Jamoca Almond Fudge, Pistachio Almond, Mint Chocolate Chip, Jamoca, Nutty Coconut, and Strawberry Cheesecake.  I haven't seen Chocolate Almond for forever, and it's a little disturbing to think that it may actually be gone!Regrettably, Daiquiri Ice is no longer around, and for that I feel like taking away a star, but it's not this location's fault  that corporate pulled it.  Maybe I should look THEM up and rate them harshly for that omission!  .I highly recommend this location, for an enjoyable Ice-Cream Out treat.
5	GUESS WHAT?  This Baskin Robbins has Daiquiri Ice!!!!!!This is a HUGE plus.  HUGE. Super nostalgic flavor- those of you who grew up eating this know what I mean.  Awesome for those that avoid milk products.  80 calories for 1 kid size scoop.
5	Forget about those fancy fro-yo places popping up at every corner, Baskin-Robbins is the best!This Baskin-Robbins location has been around for years. I remember coming here with my parents as a wee little one, standing on my tippy toes with my hands and face pressed against the glass trying to pick one of the glorious 32 flavors (yes, they have 32 not 31 flavors at this location) I was going to indulge in on my sugar cone. I also remember riding my bike here as a tweenager with friends and discussing which Hanson brother we were going to marry (yup, I admitted that) while eating a banana royale because a sugar cone was so juvenile.Anyway, I came to this location with my mom, after a five year hiatus, and was pleasantly surprised with the remodel. The same family owns this location and still works the updated, clean counter. You can choose from 32 flavors of ice cream and sherbert, along with seven toppings (oreo, m&m, gummy bears, rainbow and chocolate sprinkles, hot chocolate, caramel), premade ice cream cakes and THEY STILL HAVE THE CLOWN CONES!!!!!! Those were also my favorite to choose from when I wasn't pressed up against the ice cream glass. BR's mint chocolate chip ice cream is the best! I haven't found anything nearly as delicious. I'm not sure if its the shaved chocolate in the ice cream or the crack (kidding), but its seriously addicting and I ended up buying a quart to enjoy at later times. Five stars for great memories, great ice cream, great service, and a great remodel!And FYI, all the Hanson brothers are married :(
3	Not a huge fan of Baskin-Robbins.....but they do have a decent deals during the week but only during certain hours. The place is nothing special and the seating area along with the tables are always in disarray. I hear this establishment has been around for many years but this one is very small....outdated....and a bit messy. Some renovations might improve it....but for the most part I would go elsewhere for Ice Cream. Eat, Drink and be Merry my Friends!!!!!
1	For reasons I can't explain, they choose to clean the soft ice cream machine on Monday which means you can't get any on that day. Even though I didn't walk in until 8pm and they clean it in the morning. Doesn't sound like a good business decision to me so until that is resolved, I'll get me soft ice cream some where else. too bad because this is so close to my house.
4	How can a place go wrong with 32 flavors? It doesn't!  We usually come here when we're craving ice cream, but the most recent visit was for my son to claim his free birthday ice cream.  He chose the mint chocolate chip which he devoured in 5 minutes.  I ordered the cookies and cream which is always my favorite!  The service here was nice and they didn't mind at all when my son was being indecisive at first and wanted to try 3 other flavors before settling on his mint chocolate chip. We'd definitely come back.
5	Small, clean shop with very nice staff. I grew up on Baskin-Robbins; I feel like a little kid whenever I get a scoop of their ice cream (especially chocolate chip). If I'm in the area again I'll definitely stop in.
4	Best place to get ice cream cakes. This location has a much better variety in both size and flavors than many of the other Baskin Robbins locations. The owner is typically in the store and always very nice and accommodating.
1	The worst ice cream shop ever!! We ordered two scoop sundaes and they were the SMALLEST scoops I have ever seen in my life! I use to love that place. What happened??Not to mention the girl that helped us was a little rude. This is the second time we went there and had a bad experience. We will not be going back. Beware everyone!!Cold Stone Creamery from now on.
3	I scream, you scream, we all scream for ice cream!!!  Service is alright, but ice cream in general makes up for everything...You can never go wrong with Peanut-Butter & Chocolate ice cream!! I think that is all I have to say about this! :)
4	Very friendly staff.  We had chocolate malt and half chocolate/Jamaica shake.  Both were delish.
