4	I must preface this with the fact that I have only been here once. I got the basic facial with extractions on a day that my skin was feeling extremely clogged and really just gross. Cathy was friendly and gentle with my skin. Although I wish she had done more extractions, the ones she did were not painful and definitely helped unclog my pores. I felt much fresher after the facial and look forward to the next one. I will take her advice next time and get the microdermabrasion (just add'l $10) before we begin so that she will have access to more pores for extractions and this may make the experience even better. $55 for a facial here is worth it. Small, quaint, store front spa but friendly, experienced service.
5	My skin feels and looks great. Cathy was very informative on what my skin needed, making me feel very comfortable with the type of care she provided.
4	I was here in North Carolina for vacation while my husband was working. Trying to pass some time and relax decided to get a facial. Seeing it on a groupon the price was reasonable and even got a hand scrub as well. I got an appointment very easily.Cathy was knowledgable and very friendly. The pumpkin masque smelled devine and felt really good on my face. The extractions were painless and my skin glowed afterwards. The only reason I did not give 5 stars was usually the facials I normally receive include a neck and arm massage. I would recommend trying this place out.
1	So I'm walkin' down the street and badda boom I see these broads do facials.  I'm a little curious so I went in to ask thems if a few questions.  The broad at the front was real hot but the grumpy type.  I asked her how much for 3 broads because you know, I'm a pretty big guy if you know what I mean.  She got her panties in a bundle and told me she was gonna call the cops!  I mean, why call yer joint "Facial Room" if you don't do facials?
4	I used a Groupon today for a micro derm and basic facial with Kathy, or Cathy. I did not catch the spelling of her name but she was great and welcoming and friendly with an easy to get to location and parking right in front. She is off of Park Road past Montford if you are coming from the interstate.She has a relaxing room where you can lay down while she steams, extracts, exfoliates and cleanses. I was in and out in 45 mins so that is good. I don't feel that facial has to take 1.5 hrs. She got down to business and 6 hrs later my face still feels great and I was not all red and irritated when I walked out. She even gives a warm, softening hand treatment. The prices are very decent as well. a
4	Cathy is what sells this place!  She is one of the nicest people I've met.  I felt extremely welcome and comfortable.  The facial took about 50 min to an hour and I left feeling great!  The price for a facial is very reasonable and includes steam, exfoliation, extraction and soothing hand treatment as well as different calming creams in between.  I plan on making this a regular comfort and already scheduled my next appointment.  If you are looking for a snooty spa this is not the place for you...thank goodness!
