3	This is a new location in North Las Vegas and I hope it's here to stay! This establishment reminds me of a yogurtland, exact same setup with topping station. This was genius as we needed something like this in our area. It hasn't been here long enough to rate it higher as we haven't seen how often they change out the yogurt and if they will put in flavors of the season. Staff is nice, it's clean. It's a little cold and empty and could use a bit more inside. but I wouldnt put a whole lot into it unless I knew if it was going to work or not. The yogurt is VERY good and so are the toppings. Please support your local business and spend your money here rather than dairy queen. Lets keep this a part of the community. It's well worth it.
5	This is probably my 5th or 6th time here. I wanted to be sure that the quality of service was consistent before I wrote a review. I'm here to say that it is a great place. Everytime I go there the staff are nice and constantly cleaning. The place is always spotless which is a plus for me. The overall design is bright and playful, they have tv's and play music. They have so many toppings i was excited to find they offer mochi it is hard to find it as a topping.They offer several flavors to choose from my favorite is the Cookies & Cream it is so rich in flavor. I've tried all the flavors and I like all but probably 1. I think it is so awesome this place came to our neighborhood and I hope it stays because we have nothing like this nearby.
4	I fairly recently moved back to NLV from Scottsdale, AZ, and was incredibly disappointed to see Golden Spoon had gone out of business.  I was lucky to find this place.  The setup is very similar to the build your own yogurt stores in town.  The triple chocolate was excellent.  The toppings looked fresh and tasty.  The young lady behind the counter was very nice.  I was surprised there were not more folks getting yogurt since it was 104 degrees.  This area needs more business like this.
4	This might be my new favorite FroYo store. Let's just get down to the pros and cons.PRO:Staff was friendly and always seemed busy.It's a huge store! There seems to be plenty of room for seating. Had all the toppings you wished all the others did; marshmallows and several syrups for me.10% military and senior discounts.Loyalty Card: buy 7, 8th free.CON:Not a huge variety of flavors, but I have a feeling that if enough people request a specific flavor, they'd be sure to get it in.All in all, I can finally make Rocky Road ice cream which I'm pretty excited about. The yogurt offerings were delicious. A few things I think would make this a 5 star place: more drink offerings, complementary water dispenser, and a board with favorite recipes (ahem.. Rocky Road, Strawberry Cheesecake..)
4	Finally another business in the area!!! Solid selection of flavors, staff is very friendly and tastes great. Only reason it doesn't get a five star is just attention to detail. Not enough trays for all the toppings etc.
4	Awesome yogurt friendly staff. Finally a froyo in N. Las Vegas. I love supporting my North Las Vegas businesses. My only gripe is there is not enough yogurt variety that's why I didn't a 5, but I can't blame them I wouldn't invest much unless if I knew this was going to work. I know I will be back for even more and will recommend this to all my friends nearby. So everyone looking please help our local businesses stay open.
4	Yum! This place is good! Nice and clean, interesting variety with nutrition info included for each flavor! My daughter is super picky with her toppings and this place is a winner. Price is right, too. Will be back.
4	Man, these froyo places are poppin up all over the place! I discovered this place when we went to Roberto's for lunch next door. So why not try this place out for dessert?Their location is kind of in a odd place because from the street you would never know it was there unless you actually drove into the complex. From the outside it looks small judging by the two tables and chairs set up out front. But when you come in, the place is actually spacious with plenty of tables and chairs. They even have a mini table with mini chairs to accomodate small kids.Im not much of a froyo person but at the same time I look forward to tasting what concoctions my family gets. At 39 cents an ounce, that is a good price compared to some other well known places. Topping are on par as well. If you refer to the pics, you have a decent amount of choices of what to put on your froyo. Some of the yogurt flavors they had that day and this from what I can remember were Cheesecake, Strawberry Cheesecake, Birthday Cake, Vanilla, Chocolate, Swirl, Cookie Dough, and Lemon Meringue.So making a stop here should not be a problem since we live right down the street. Just  make sure you pay attention to their hours for they change them according to the seasons. This was from the lady that was behind the counter. I even took a pic of the winter hours and posted it for your information. I recommend calling them first before coming out just to make sure they are open when you go.Yelp 2014 365 Review Challenge #140
3	This place was great!! I tend to look for and get watermelon sherbet and they had it!! They also have some really goof flavors. Birthday cake, strawberry cheesecake,  watermelon creamsicle just to name a few. They have good strong flavors and at .39 cents an oz its an awesome deal, plus military gets 10% off!! Its nice and quite and its very bright with green and pink, very vibrant and happy colors. All inball this place a is great, you should give it a try if you are in the area.
5	I love this place the best shaved ice and yogurt in Las Vegas come out and support your local business
4	This place was just as good if not better than yogurtland and other places. However, it's EASILY missed if your not in front of their entrance. I spotted it as I left Roberto's Taco Shop. I'm sure that more people in the area would come to this hidden gem if they just knew it existed. I can't tell you how many times I cruise down centennial pkwy and never noticed it. My family and I would go to the yogurt place on N Decatur. Now we'll come here.
2	I look forward to actually trying something some time. Tonight's flavor choices for the yogurt was boring. I get bubble guts every time I treat myself to frozen yogurt or ice cream so I need to be wowed by flavor options before I decide it's worth my discomfort. The topping choices were fair, I've never seen a marshmallow mousse before, sounds good. My daughter liked what she picked out...cookies n cream with m&ms and rainbow sprinkles.
5	This is the best yogurt place in Las Vegas they are alway clean and nice people. I also like that you can by 7 yogurt and get one free. They also have the best Shaved Ice and worth the price
2	I took my kids here for the first time 2 weeks ago. We were excited because it was conveniently near their school. Too bad we won't be going there for a treat after school. I'll start with the good. Military and student discount. The yogurt was fine. The lady behind the counter was professional and courteous. The only problem I had was with a bit of the customer service towards the end of our visit there. We had finished our yogurt and one of the workers told us that we had to leave because "we weren't customers anymore because we had thrown away our cups." We were going to be heading out anyway but I was more so offended that they said "we weren't customers." Yes we were but not anymore. Such a shame because other than that, it's a decent place but I'll just take my kids elsewhere. We won't be back.
4	Very good yogurt. I tried peanut butter cheesecake. Topped with nice crispy fresh oreos. The cashier was nice and helpful. Price seemed on par with these self serve type businesses. I'll be back. Thanks for being local.
3	Sometimes these guys run out of whipped cream. I come here frequently (at least once a week) and I wish they had more flavors. I like to come back because they have a cute table and chairs for my toddler to sit at as well as one of those tabletop toys. The selection of toppings is good but the last time I went there my mangoes were sour..gross. That's never happened before. I usually get cookies n cream yogurt with crushed Oreos, mangoes, sliced almonds, toasted coconut and whipped cream. When they have the whipped cream of course. They have mochi pieces too..Staff is friendly enough I just wish they'd clean the chair seats better since one looked like someone had been standing on it and the atmosphere is a little dingy but average cleanliness. I much prefer u swirl but that gets too crowded at times. Also, they have a great rewards system. After 10 yogurts you get one free using the punch card.
5	It may not have the type of selection at other frozen yogurt places, but the employees are nice. It has a good size selection of toppings and the place is always clean. The pricing is comparable to other places. The main reason I'm giving this place 5 stars is because it's close by, I don't have to take a 13 mile journey to the nearest yogurtland or uswirl. I would recommend it to anybody driving by.
