5	This place opened a month ago. Super excited to try this place. Lisa was patient and friendly while I was being a brat and ask all sorts of questions.  Haha. :)So i end up with the vanilla, Red velet cupcake and peanut butter cookie!!! To die forrrr! Everything is fresh made and It was delicious. They also do birthday cakes. Guess where I'm going for mine? :)I'll be backkkkk :)
5	Absolutely perfect.  The design concept is super hip and the baked goods amazing.Not cheap but not crazy expensive either.  All the baking is done onsite.  They have dinner breads also.  The 8" cheesecakes are around 32.00.  I can hardly make it for that.I only wish there was a place to sit either in our out and fresh coffee to enjoy my selection.  Maybe soon?
5	Really excellent baked goods! I live around the corner and I'm waiting for them to open this morning so I can go get my sweet fix. They were very nice and helpful when I went in. All of the offerings were extremely well decorated. Highly recommend.
4	I saw this place on Groupon  - so I decided to stop by.  They were all out of traditional pies, which was the reason I went there.  I was looking for a good cherry pie.  However, they did have 1 key lime pie - the only pie left.  I also got a vanilla cupcake.  The pie was about 8" and $7.95 and the cupcake was $3.25.  I thought the pie was a little expensive, but the cupcakes are about on par with Gigi's and Sprinkles cupcakes... The key lime pie was tangy, creamy, and had a sweet crust.  It was tasty.  The cupcake was good - the cake was dense and the frosting was quite sweet.The only negative that I have is that they have all of the cupcakes and everything behind a glass sneeze guard, but they don't have them covered.  So, the cupcakes are sitting on glass platters, without anything covering them.  Because of that, the cupcake was kind of dry.  Also, it is kind of strange to not have them covered because of dust or flies or whatever.... maybe that's just me.  Anyway, I will probably go back at some point to try one of their cherry pies, the original reason that I went there.
4	A true bakery! It's just not in my budget. Everything here looks great. And the decor is neat and nice. I bet if they had some music playing customers would be inclined to linger at the lobby counter space with their treats. The window lighting is terrific. The buttermilk scone was sooo good! I just love a scone with coffee in the morning. The vanilla Twinkie and its surprise berry filling is my absolute favorite. And dipped in chocolate too... Yum yum!  But the prices were too high for me. I was looking for a quick treat after lunch and the goodies were too high in the $4-$7 range. I realize quality comes at a cost. Maybe if smaller cookie/bar treats were offered at a smaller price point I would come back more often. I'll have to build up some cash for the $7 small pies. Looks delish!
5	This incredible place is an EXCEPTIONAL bakery!! Everything I've tried has been amazing. My personal favorites are the almond croissants, coconut cake, mini pies and the cupcakes. I drove about half an hour to The Bakery Phx and it was so good I will be a regular! I am very particular about bakeries and this previous void in the Valley has now been filled. I have already decided to order my Thanksgiving pies from them.
5	I stopped by because I have heard good things about them and love to try different bakeries in town. I picked up a mini key lime pie and I can't wait to go get another. It was amazing! Not too tart and the crust was good. The woman who helped me was very friendly and I will definitely be back soon!
4	I couldn't believe the good luck that another bakery was taking over where Cupcakes By Design was. I did not like the cupcake place so I was worried that this new bakery would also be overpriced and run by not very nice people. Happy to report I was wrong. I love that this bakery offers fresh bread and croissants. But to me, their quiche is the most amazing of all the items. The texture is creamy and reminds me of the steamed egg dish my mom cooked growing up. I highly, highly recommend it. Bakery Phx also offers potato knishes which are really flavorful as well. Lisa also offers several different kinds of bread and I love being able to ride my bike home with a loaf of bread. I think her prices are fair and Lisa is very nice and seems like an accommodating person. You can tell by the baked goods, she's not phoning it in or using any boxed ingredients like the last place. So far, I've tried the quiche, cheese danish, croissants, knishes, breads and a mini cherry pie. All pretty good. I have not yet tried any of the cookies or the Texas-size cupcakes. I know it's weird that there just happens to be another bakery on the other side of 16th Street. But trust me, they are quite different. If you want breads, mini pies and quiche, you can only get your 'phx' here.
5	The best Key Lime Pie this side of the Mississippi.  I came, I saw, I selected.  I tasted and my mouth smiled from ear to ear.  The bakery isn't huge in size but is tremendous in taste.  Kudos!!
