5	I was here with a group of about 12 people tonight, and I think at some point independently each and every one of us said "I can't believe this is in champaign," with an emphasis on "I can't believe this is in champaign behind the neil street post office."For real.  This is the best food I've had in champaign.  My strip steak was a fantastic cut of meat, prepared perfectly.  I sampled almost everyone else's dish, and there was nothing that I couldn't have eaten a whole plate of.  Duck Enchiladas, man.Hit it up now, before word gets out and it gets impossible to get in.
4	Went Thursday night for a late dinner with my husband.  This was my first trip to escobar but middle son, who had been there before, refused to go because he claimed the atmosphere was too uninviting.  This was unusual for him to refuse to go out because he is a serious boy-about-town and never misses an opportunity to experience anything.OK, i'm sorry to say the aesthetic sensibilities of my 12 year old are a bit more fine tuned than whoever designed the interior of this restaurant.  It's all hard surfaces so the feel is very cold and extremely loud.  I asked my husband twice throughout the meal if he would be mad at me if I asked the people at the table next to us to stop laughing in such an annoying pitch.  Since he reminded me that i am not Larry David and nobody would find it funny, i refrained.  onto the food.  we had a spinach salad with mangos, shrimp, cucumbers, and red onions in a citrusy dressing.  this was good.  definitely fresh.  then we had a grouper over rice with veggies...eh, it was ok.  very large portions as in enough to feed 2 hungry adults, which worked well since we shared everything.  the fish was very fresh though so i give it 4 stars for that.  then we ordered coffee and bananas flambe.  the coffee had to be sent back because it was so weak and instead we ordered espressos.  i rarely ever send anything back probably because i hate wasting anything, but this was reeeeeeeeeeeeeally bad coffee.  Our waitress even agreed that she has to doctor her coffee when she drinks it here due to the weakness.  But the bananas and the caramel sauce...now that is worth 4 stars.  Would i go back?  No.  Should you try it?  Yes.  There seemed to be a lot of people there having a good time, laughing loudly.
4	Escobar's just opened a few months ago, and it's far enough off the beaten path that I imagine they're missing out on walk-in traffic.  I've only had brunch there, so I can't comment on the rest of the menu.  The brunch menu isn't too breakfast-y, but the options are tasty, and the portion sizes aren't ridiculous.  Our service the first time was excellent, and the second time, despite an almost empty dining room, our service was so-so.  The interior is gorgeous, especially the bathrooms.  I wish the menu changed more regularly, but they're new - this will improve in time.
4	This is a lovely, if noisy space, a beautiful rehab done on several contiguous buildings in the nascent loft district north of downtown.  Service here can be spotty, but I have been happy with the food for what it is.  It is not really what I would call Nuevo Latino or Latino fusion, such as a Cuatro in the South Loop in Chicago.  It is more Americanized, with some influences of Latino cuisine.  That said, I have had good steak and pork here, and the tres leches (three milk) cake is excellent.  I suggest eating in the bar area.  Quieter, full service, there are tables there as well.
3	I was a little disappointed with the food at Escobar's. The place was recommended to me by a friend as being one of the better restaurants in Champaign, and the menu online looked interesting, so I decided to give it a try for dinner. The restaurant is really big and was pretty empty when I went (around 8pm on a Tuesday night). After pigging out on the complimentary bread and drinking a mango margarita (tasty if a bit too sweet maybe), I started with an appetizer of fried calamari. I should better than to order seafood in the middle of Illinois: it was certainly not terrible, but it wasn't great either... a letdown for the calamari lover that I am. I then ordered the duck breast: the duck itself was not very good (not very tender and slightly overcooked), and it came with steamed vegetables (boring), mashed sweet potatoes (not bad but a little plain), fried plantain chips (good), and roasted pears (definitely the highlight of the dish: these were actually quite delicious). Overall... not a terrible entree but still quite disappointing and a little overpriced. To their defense, the portions were very large and I was completely stuffed by the time I left the restaurant. Friendly service.
5	Went to Escobar's last night for a celebration dinner for our daughter.  We shared the guacamole appetizer, I had spinach salad with mango Chile dressing, strawberries and candied walnuts and for my entree, mushroom ravioli with saffron cream sauce.  Daughter had the beef kabobs and mango/rum cheesecake for dessert, and hubby had the roasted chicken with mole sauce.  They have a nice selection of beer and wine by the glass.  Waiter was attentive, but not intrusive, presentations were nice.  We all enjoyed our meals and will definitely go back.
4	Yum!  I finally made it to Escobar's, and I was not disappointed.  The food was excellent and the portions were the perfect size.  As is the case with Milo's, the dressings on the salads were divine.  Escobar's is not cheap, so minus one star, but it's a great destination for those special evenings when you are willing to spend some money on a nice meal out.  The white sangria was particularly noteworthy.My complaints would be that they were stingy with the bread.  They only gave us three slices of bread, a boring white and wheat and then some sort of corn foccicia thing that was really good, but two of us had to split a small piece so I really didn't get to enjoy it.  Also, on the jicama orange salad I had, they served the orange in slices rather than segmenting them.  This meant chewing on nasty orange membranes instead of simply enjoying the lovely combination of flavors in the salad.  I know it's probably more labor intensive for the kitchen, but when a diner pays $7 for a salad, you need to segment the damn oranges.  Overall though, these were really small things that really didn't damage my overall enjoyment of the evening.  My entree and dessert were absolutely wonderful, and the service couldn't have been better.  The food wasn't spicy at all, but was still very flavorful.  I personally would like to see a little kick added to some of the dishes, but it would be icing on the cake and they are fine without it.All in all, I really enjoyed my dinner at Escobar's and plan to go back.  It's not cheap, so I won't be a regular, but I certainly plan on coming here for birthday dinners and the like.
5	Everything we had here was amazing, the chile relleno, chicken mole & sangria were all fantastic.  The waiters are very attentive and they never complained when we stayed almost 30 minutes past closing.  Yay!
5	Escobar's is my favorite restaurant in Champaign.  I have eaten there on 4 or 5 occasions, and I have not been disappointed.  My boyfriend and I have ordered everything from their fish, steak, appetizers, and salads - and we are always impressed with the food.  I would recommend it to anybody in Champaign!
4	While the owners may be Guatemalan, Escobar is a swanky pan-Latino flavor fiesta.  It's on the higher end of the restaurants for Chambana, and it's nicely done without being too overdone.  I ordered the tilapia, which came in a delicious mixed sauce with sauteed vegetables.  YES.  'Twas wondrous.After a great time chatting with fellow graduate students, professors, and a prospective student, it came time for dessert.  And they had bananas flambe.  Now two of my favourite things in life are desserts and unnecessary applications of fire.  And this bananas flambe was absolutely marvelous.  I was filled with happiness.  And BANANAS.All in all, the service was extraordinarily friendly, the food was well-plated, nicely prepared, and delicious; and the ambiance was pitch perfect.  NICE.
5	Wonderful Champaign Restaurant.  We went with a group of 9, and it was delightful.  The wait staff was attentive, but not over crowding; the guac was absolutely delicious and the portion was very large.  I had a Spanish rioja, which made me very happy as well, libation wise.For dinner I had the phyllo and chevre wrapped lamb; the lamb was a little more cooked than I wanted with a medium rare order, but it was still delicious; the chevre/rosemary/phyllo was an awesome, melt in your mouth combination.  Veggies were good, mashes potatoes were awesome as well.Overall, I really liked Escobar; great food, we had great company, and a wonderful celebration to finishing theses :)  Definitely a Champaign gem!
5	Awesome. Actually, half of the owner team is Guatemalan. They also own Milo's in bufu, Urbana but as Escobar is the chef, Escobar's is his place.I always have a good time with their wine staff, especially the lovely salty gal that has only been tending a short while but swigs wine like a sailor, which is to say she doesn't take a dainty white-glove approach. She's a no-nonsense, straight-up pro that can take in a mouthful of wine and nail the flavor notes without all the swirling and sniffing and sloshing. It's the only time I've been able to say, "this one tastes like a chewy, sweaty S&M jock strap" and have someone know exactly what I mean without further explanation. And despite the fact that she's a beer girl, her vino recommendations (granted the list is not as extensive as other places downtown) are excellent.I've done a few different things on the menu but I always go back to their duck a l'orange. The meat is always cooked to succulent perfection and maybe it's because everything on the plate is a shade of orange but the entire dish tastes juicy, earthy, bright and warm. Like 6pm sunshine! Like it's made from Care Bears! I want to liquify it, put it in an IV and jack the whole tasty lot right into my veins!The mussels are excellent as well and my friend scarfed the ceviche on our last visit (I had my face in the mussels - so much for sharing).The bread is baked in house and they have a bombin' spicy corn focaccia so it's easy to load up on table bread guilt-free because you can't nosh on Escobar bread anywhere else but Escobar's.Most importantly I like this place because the food is so good and the staff is so nice that it doesn't need all the flash and glam of other restaurants to earn five stars on yelp! The closest comparison I have is the cluster of restaurants out in Napa: sun-drenched, family-owned, friendly and in an epic love affair with food. Outdoor seating means gazing into a parking lot as cars zoom by but it is still the only place in Champaign where I am a little saddened at the end of my meal because I don't have four stomachs, four wads of cash and four hours to sit and eat four more servings of Escobar's duck a l'orange.
5	this was easily our best meal in champaign.  we came here for brunch yesterday, and it was delish.  my brother had come for dinner before and wanted to try their brunch menu, but unfortunately, they had a special graduation menu which didn't have their usual brunch items but rather dinner fare. to start, they gave us some warm apple/banana muffins, which were delicious.  there was one brunch item, which was the crab cakes benedict, so i ordered that.  it was a nice portion and came w/ a side of sweet potato fries and fruit.  this wasn't your typical side of fruit either, b/c there were papaya, pineapple, grapes, and watermelon in the fruit salad.  yum.  everything was delicious, including the sweet potato fries.  my dad and bro's entrees came w/ a side of a carrot puree, which was yummy, and fried plantains and veggies.  i would definitely come again if i came to champaign again.  they even had pupusas on the menu, which i wouldn't expect to find in the middle of illinois.
5	Update:A few of us just went to Escobar's again, and it was awsome!  However, the waiter was indifferent, but the food great.These are my wishes for any restaurant:1)  A good waitstaff.  Notice I didn't say GREAT...because I don't believe they exist anymore.  However, this was met.2)  I want my water full.  I rarely order drinks at restaurants, but I do want my water to be kept full at all times.  This too was met.3)  I want the food to be at least as good as I could make at home.  It's common sense, but I hate paying $20.00 for a plate of something that I could have made better for $5.00.4)  I want to leave feeling that I got my money's worth.I found all of these things at Escobars.  The food was great, I had NO complaints.Mmmm...
5	This was not the best meal I've ever had, but it was really great.  And, at the risk of sounding like a snobby jackass (which I suppose I am), it's probably one of the best fine dining experiences you can anticipate having in the middle of Illinois.Personally, I was really pleased with the nice wine selection.  I don't remember what we chose anymore (it was a red, though), but it was strong, complemented the food well, and was loaded with delicious, teeth-staining tannins.  Mmmm....moderately-priced wine...The food was definitely the best part.  It was artistically displayed and delicious.  I had southwestern crabcakes.  While they were good, the red skin mashed potatoes were even better.  I savored them until the very end.  Mmmm-mm.  The Boy had "sauteed shrimp and scallops with lime butter and cilantro-pepita pesto over ziti pasta."  This was also delectable.  Oh yeah!  And we had an appetizer of "coconut-crusted shrimp with mango jalapeno relish."  SO good.  The shrimp were of the "super-mega-huge"-variety, the relish was to die for (I could eat it all the time), and there was some awesome dipping sauce that they don't mention, but should.The weird bits were in the service.  A waitress came over, introduced herself like, "Hi, my name is ____, I'll be taking care of you tonight.  Do you know what you would like to drink?  Okay, I'll be right back with that wine for you," and then never came back.  We saw her go out to her car and drive away.  Someone else took over for her, but it took awhile and the personnel-swap was never mentioned.  Secondly, we were only one of two parties when we showed up.  By the time we left, there were three other tables that were literally seated all around us.  The restaurant is spacious enough to spread four tables of people out instead of cramming everyone in a small area.  I wouldn't have minded, but it was an anniversary dinner for us, and it kind of killed the ambience.  Oh well.  It was still nice.
5	Fabulous wine list.Fresh ingredients.Talented Chef.Great Staff.The best and fresh fish! (for Champaign! hell yeah!)My favorites:Fried Calamari with aioli.Seared Salmon with fried rice and wasabi cream sauce.Lamb with couscous and rosemary goat cheese sauce.the PAPUSA!! YES!New York Strip Steak...cooked perfectly.Obdulio's ribs...OMGThe flourless chocolate cake with chilis and cinnamon...which I try to make at home and am getting closer and closer everyday.Why are people so whinny and pissy? Get the stick out of your ass and eat good food :) Champaign is a growing palace of local ingredients and inventive restaurants. Go Champaign!
5	Consistently excellent.  This is probably the best restaurant in Champaign County right now for quality of food and preparation.The atmosphere is not wild, but the acoustics are great for a dinner conversation, the waitstaff is highly trained and professional, and the meals are works of art.Great wines and good ingredients are used to make for wonderfully delicious tastes.If you want to be sure that no one in your party is disappointed, this is the place to go.  I award it 5 stars because of service and presentation.Check out my photos for beauty of the entree plating.
5	Fantastic food. Good Service. I ordered the fried bananas on a whim, expecting a rather average desert. It turned out to be the single best desert I've ever had.
5	I wish this place had more vegetarian entrees. This being said they do have amazing food. Their guacamole is to die for and their desserts are the bomb. Also, their bathrooms are pimp.
4	I must admit it is taking a little while for this place to grow on me but mainly because I like simple food without all of the frou-frou fanfare.  But I thought it worth mentioning that I had a fantastic hangar steak and garlic mashed potatoes there recently.  Very simple, just meat and potatoes.  It was great.And the restaurants is very nice inside as well, we like the bar area.
5	The food here is amazing, complex, surprising, delicious. The prices are reasonable for the quality and portions. Has become perhaps my favorite place to eat a little bit of a fancy meal in CU.
5	MMM MMM Great.  High-end Latin food that makes you think your in Chicago its so good, but not the city pricing.  The menu is high brow, and smart, but the look is casual.  It's a treat that you can get food this good, but wear jeans!I have only eaten there a few times (okay, more then a few because I hate to cook) and the staff has remembered me from day 2.  In a town with a LOT of restaurants, this is a huge stand out.  Why go eat crap on North Prospect when you can go here!
5	Outside seating however only a few tables. Obvious good service. Great bread started with sangria and a mix of bread some jalepeno some cinnamon. Calamari was fried, large, and excellent. Larger than anything else we have had locally. Dinner was the talapia with a honey glaze and chile sauce. It was also good. The chef poured the corn cream sauce on half of the talapia. A simple and wonderful idea that let us enjoy the dinner in different ways. The side vegetable mix was great too. Obviously cut and cooked right before the meal. The better half had a steak with a port reduction sauce. Same fresh vegetable mix. Note, I mentioned to the waitress I do not like peppers. Without asking she made sure there were none in my dinner vegetables. Good, thoughtful service. Wine menu was OK, but would not stop us from coming back. Easy parking. Outside seating.
4	A very nice treat after special events.   The graduate enjoyed prime rib and Mexican chocolate cake. He said it was "two thumbs up.".  A couple of the ladies ordered tilapia with a chili sauce on one side and a honey sauce on the other. It was superb!My pork tenderloin was a bit overcooked but it was still very good.Overall - well worth a visit.  And the owner and staff was very friendly!
4	ate here a couple weeks ago with my family who was visiting me.  my grandma is pretty snooty about restaurant food and she loved her entre, she had the ravioli.  my grandpa said his filet was pretty decent.  i had the phyllo wrapped lamb loin...it was amazing -- great place to eat, good service.
5	I really enjoy going to Escobar's!  I've been a few times, most recently for their fish tacos on "taco tuesday."  Also, my boyfriend and I happened to get there a little early for the early-bird special from 5-6pm: fish tacos (or a couple other options), plus soup for only a $1 more.  We tried the red pepper gazpacho and some kind of pork stew; both were delicious.  Definitely recommend this place!
3	The husband and I went here for the first time recently, and he told me it was a place where he heard one wasn't disappointed.  I was disappointed. We started with the guacamole, and found it strangely oily.  However, we loved the cinnamon bread in the bread basket.  I ordered the shrimp and scallops and I didn't care for the sauce and I was turned off by the texture of the scallops.  My husband ordered the crab cakes, and we both liked those.  For dessert we had the flour-less Mexican Chocolate cake, and it was good.  While I would try this place again, I wouldn't recommend it.
4	Escobars delivers with good food and great drinks. Went there on a Saturday evening without a reservation and got a table for 2 outside right at 7pm. Usually we order wine or beer, but this time got our mixed drink on. She had a super strong sangria that was good once you had a couple of sips and I had a Capirinha (sp?), which tastes like a Mojito w/o the mint, but with tequilla instead of rum (I know its not tequilla, but that is what it tastes like). Anyway, that was really strong, too but was not as tasty as their spicy Bloody Maria that followed.Service was spotty for us. Our server probably should not have been assigned our table, as she was busy with a private party in a special room they have. She did not make it up to us in the al fresco dining section as much as I would have liked. However, she made up for it with a comp on the Bloody Maria, so its all good in this hood.The food was great. We had an app of their stuffed pupusas, a great vegetarian dish that is bready goodness just bursting with latin flavors. I had the enchiladas and she had the pork tenderloin. Both were fantastic and big enough for lunches the day after. Since we were on bikes, they were able to wrap the dishes up extra careful for my backpack, and they made the trip back to Urbana no worse for the wear.BTW- There was an obnoxious 40-something biatch next to us getting all nasty with her server about the (extremely moderate) amount of spice in the food. Its not too spicy. If you are think Escobar's is too spicy, then you will never know the joys you are depriving yourself.
4	I'll start with my negative feedback.  The service was very slow and the guacamole for appetizer was really bad.  They used way too much cumin.  I basically felt like I was eating straight cumin.  However, the sangria is great (although quite strong).  My favorite item was the main course.  I ordered the scallops and shrimp and thought it was wonderful!  Perfectly cooked and a lot of great flavors.  It's a little pricey but the main entree was worth it.  My husband had the pork tenderloin and thought it was great.  Skip the guacamole but get the scallops and shrimp dish!
4	The food here is great, and the prices are surprisingly reasonable. We had the scallop and chorizo nachos (but calling them nachos betrays their sophistication), mahi mahi, coconut shrimp, and spinach salad. Everything was wonderful, and the service was friendly.
4	Going to lunch at 1pm at Escobar's - empty... but why?? Maybe it's the location, but this place should be jampacked with yuppies with elitist tastebuds and students looking for a foodie $$-saving deal. With the quality of the food here, you'd actually expect the service and dress to be a bit more uppity but surprisingly, it's casual and laidback (a good thing). The menu seems to be well-balanced; can't go horribly wrong with any choice.Foods I thought stood out: the Spanish rice (not too dry and nicely spiced) and the Mango-Rum cheesecake (a fluffy cheesecake! tricks you into thinking it's healthier? i'll succumb...).
2	I'd like to give this place more stars (especially since it's in Champaign) but the reality is that as far as Latin-fusion goes the food here is horrible.  I went late evening with a friend and paid $15+ for some watery mole and burnt beans.  Sadly, this is the best Champaign has to offer, but if you want some real high-end Latino food stick to Chicago.
5	Pricey but amazing. Everything I've ever had there is top-notch. And when you're there for brunch, you get bottomless MUFFINS! And they're amazing muffins. Try the pupusa if they still have it on the menu (I think the menu changes a lot). This place TROUNCES Radio Maria. Trounces. I can't believe more people don't go here. I suppose it may be due to its location, which is a bit lonely.
5	Excellent! This is one of the best places to eat in the Champaign-Urbana area. The food is delicious, the presentation is beautiful, and the menu is creative. All of this and the prices are very reasonable.
5	Best meal you can get in Champaign, no doubt. The yelp reviews led my boyfriend & I to eat here and we are happy we did. This is definitely our favorite date night dinner in town.
4	pork chop was excellent and so were the sides. flour-less chocolate cake was delectable. waiter was a little...quirky. he sounded like napoleon dynamite.
5	Excellent! I've been twice. The first time I had the salmon and this time the tilapia. Both dishes were exquisite. The food here is reasonably priced and the ambiance is appropriate for just about any occasion. Please keep this hidden gem in business.
4	The food is excellent. I've been there for both lunch and dinner. My only complaint is the noise level can be loud. They have done some things to quiet it down though like adding in tapestries. Salads are excellent as are the soups and  well everything. Their guacamole is really good, but hard to get at in the tall, thin glass they serve it in.
2	Rave reviews from most of my more selectively-palleted friends.  However on two attempts, just haven't seen what all the fuss is about.  Service has been average to bad.  Last time I went with my lady friend on Saturday before Valentines Day.  Made a reservation which they screwed up and stuck us in a corner four-top while several other more cozy two person tables sat vacant during our whole meal.  Menu was special for valentines day and had several options.  I chose tilapia and my girlfriend got the filet.  Being a wine couple but not familiar with many wines from outside the U.S. I asked for a rec from the server who admitted to having no idea on wine pairing and left to go ask someone.  Even at biaggis their servers are trained in that.  Very disappointing at a higher dollar establishment.  Remainder of meal not impressive.  Tilapia was average and would agree with some of the other posts in that it was too much food and not enough contrast in flavors.  I forgot to mention the coconut shrimp app we got that was also disappointing.  No coconut flavor at all.  Too full for dessert.  Filet that I tried nothing special either.  For my money- Radio Maria, Milos when it was in Lincoln Square(haven't tried new location), even Jim Goulds.  Just so much better service, ambience, and food selection and quality to come back here again.
1	I was looking for a place to go to for my anniversary with my boyfriend. I read tons of reviews of restaurants on Yelp and decided to go here. It had pretty decent reviews and the menu that I found online looked good as well. It went downhill from the moment we walked inside. We went on a weekday evening during finals week (I'm a student on campus) and there were only a few tables filled (by few, I mean literally 3 tables). We waited 5 minutes before we were even addressed, even though my boyfriend and I were the only people waiting in the front. It took another 7 minutes to seat us in an almost completely empty restaurant. We received our menus and some bread (which was good) and water. The waitress came by to announce the specials, one of which included some udon noodle dish which confused me because they do not fit the cuisine of the restaurant (Latin American-esque vs. japanese), which I thought was odd. Being from Chicago, and having experienced real Latin American/"American" food, as well as actual good food, I would definitely not label this restaurant as it has been.We ended up ordering the phyllo-wrapped lamb and the beef stew. When the food came, I couldn't help but notice how limp the "vegetables" were. They looked like they had been defrosted from a bag of mixed vegetables. The mashed potatoes that came with the meal were also just so-so. It had big chunks in it, like they didn't even take the time to mash them all the way. The lamb was alright. It was cooked well, pink in the middle, but the goat cheese on the outside (between the phyllo and lamb) was overpowering. The beef stew my boyfriend had was accompanied by the same limp vegetables and half mashed potatoes. The stew itself was nothing special either. We didn't order drinks or anything extra, and our bill was still over $45. It was hardly worth the price for the amount or quality of food we got. I definitely will never go back. The food was less than inspiring and the service was horrible.
3	They have a good selection of wine... i ordered the malbec, but the waiter said they ran out so i was a little disappointed about that... The wine i did order was at an incorrect temperature... other than that really no complaints besides the prices. a little expensive for the type/quality of food served. I have no problem shelling out money if the meal is worth it.... and although it was tasty, i would have rather gone somewhere else.  Overall i give it a C+, but i'm a tough critic...
4	A great place to eat without burning too big a crater in your pocket and if you want to impress your date or out-of-town relatives (or both!). The food and service is both great. I usually get their salmon dish (it seems to change a little bit each time) and it is always a winner because it is not dry but not too moist. I also tried the carne asado (medium-well) and it was also a wonderful dish with tortillas, assorted veggies, and rice and beans. Their beer selection has some variety in case wine or sangria is not for you and if you are sick of the usual suspects. I have gone here three times and it still never disappoints. This one is a winner indeed.
4	Escobar's is well worth a side trip. Not only is the food very good(especially at the very reasonable prices), the atmosphere and the waitstaff are topnotch. I highly recommend the hanger steak quesedillas and the fish tacos. Don't pass it up!
2	I wasn't thrilled with my meal here--but the drinks are great and the banana dessert was amazing as well.  Best to go here if you're into authentic Mexican dishes as opposed to fresh tex mex.
4	My girlfriend and I went here for the first time on Easter weekend. We started off with the calamari with aoli and their Moroccan beef soup as the appetizer. The calamari wasn't the traditional type you'd get at mainstream American restaurants but it was thicker pieces of squid with panko breading. This non-traditional set-up was quite good although the sauce that came with it could be a little bit more tangy. The Moroccan beef soup was very good, beefy but not overbearing. For the entrees, I ordered the Phyllo wrapped lamb and she the duck roast. The lamb was excellent, it came wrapped in a flaky Phyllo pastry and a succulent sauce. The sides were also superb, although I could use a little less garlic in the mashed potatoes. The duck was cooked to perfection, although the plantains and mashed sweet potatoes were left a lot to be desired.We shared dessert, which was the banana flambeed with vanilla bean ice cream. It was amazing, although it is quite hard to mess up something so innately satisfying. Overall, the presentation was superb and the waitress courteous. The atmosphere was fine for the occasion, although my girlfriend did complain about the "orangy" walls... haha. In any case, I highly recommend Escobar's for a good meal.
5	This is our go-to place for fantastic food.  We have NEVER been disappointed.  I spend most of the meal making groaning noises.  A bit pricey for a regular outing but perfect for dates, anniversary and birthdays.
3	3.5 starsFor such a highly-rated restaurant on yelp, I was disappointed.We made a reservation for graduation Sunday at 8:30 pm. I called back a week before we went to make sure they didn't screw up our reservation. They assured me that the reservation was still there.Well, it wasn't. They screwed up our reservation, and we had to wait till 9:10 pm to be seated. The group ahead of us, who DIDN'T make a reservation, got a table before us. I asked if there's a point at all to make a reservation, and the owner stuttered. The owner then attempted to seat 5 of us at a small table meant for 4 at most which I thought was a little ridiculous. Being a server myself, I could've found a better spot ESPECIALLY when there's an empty 2-person table that could easily be joined to my table. FYI, the place was busy, but it was NOT packed since it's 8:30 pm on a Sunday night. The also had a special graduation menu which is almost identical to the regular menu but pricier. Food was good, but not great. We got 2 appetizers and 5 dishes, and we all sampled each other's. I liked the duck and the tilapia entree the most. I don't think anyone liked the chicken with mole sauce at all, but at least it was tenderly cooked. I got the red sangria which I didn't really like, but my dad did.This place didn't blow me away like I hoped it would. I've had better food in Champaign.
5	Escobar's might be the best restaurant in Champaign. The atmosphere is cozy and comfortable. The wait staff has always been pleasant and attentive. And the food is almost always impressive. I'll acknowledge other reviewers who gripe about the time it can take to receive your food. Going to a fine restaurant should be an event, not something you rush through. It's an experience. I've never found a meal here to take longer than similar fine restaurants. A typical meal at Escobar's might last roughly 70 - 90 minutes if you get an appetizer, entree and dessert. Not unreasonable at all, but maybe a little longer than a meal at Chili's, for instance. ;-)As for the food, you'll be served a small basket of assorted breads once seated. These are always fresh, delicious and unique. Some sweet, some savory. I never know what kinds we'll get, and I always get a little bit excited to see what will be in there. Please excuse my nerdiness. Below is a rundown of some of the dishes I've had at Escobar's. Appetizers: Coconut crusted shrimp - fantastic. The shrimp are enormous and perfectly fried. Served with a delicious orange-jalapeno dipping sauce.Duck confit taquitos - a taste sensation, but at $10 for just 2 taquitos, it's a bit of a splurge. Almost an amuse-bouche than a true appetizer. If there were 4 in an order, getting this would be a no-brainer every time. House made guacamole - a huge portion of freshly-made guacamole, served with a heaping pile of warm, roasted tortilla chips. This is a favorite when I come here. Entrees:Filet mignon and andouille sausage kebobs - my new favorite dish. I have never had such tender, melt-in-your-mouth filet mignon in my life. The andouille sausage was a nice, spicy accompaniment. Huge portion. Absolutely delicious. Phyllo wrapped lamb loin - a bit overrated. The phyllo was a little burnt when I ordered this, and there wasn't much of a sauce. Crab cakes with guajillo cream sauce - O.M.G. The crab cakes are light, flaky, fresh, and this guajillo cream sauce - a bright orange sauce, takes this dish to a whole new level. Spicy, smokey - it's a heaping forkful of warm love going in your mouth every few seconds. Love. Sauteed shrimp and scallops - a forgettable, bland dish - and the scallops were gritty (my worst nightmare whenever eating scallops). One of the few disappointments I had when dining here. They do have a small dessert menu. Mango rum cheesecake, lemon curd pie with berries, flan (I never knew I liked flan until I tried it here!). Dessert portions aren't too big, nor too small. The perfect way to end a fantastic meal. Again, service has always been friendly and attentive. Once, we were not waited on for about 10 minutes after being seated. When our waitress realized her mistake, she offered us free soup to make up for it, and gave us excellent service during the rest of our meal. She went out of her way to make it up to us, and we appreciated her enthusiasm. One of my favorite restaurants in the C-U area!
4	Me and a bunch of friends went there for Sunday Brunch and the food was really good! The service was a little mediocre, they brought us other tables orders and were a little slow but it was a busy day. The food is definitely more unique than other places I've been to on campus and it was refreshing to try something a little different. The presentation of the food was very good and overall everyone was pleased with the meal. I would definitely go back for brunch again.
4	I give props to the food. Everything is delicious. My only qualm is I wish you got more food for the price. I'm sure the quality of the ingredients is exceptional, but I like being full after my meal and not having to shell out another $7 per person to leave with a full tummy. Like that one commercial - " it's like elf food..."
4	This is definitely one of Champaign's nicer dining establishments.  I went in with a friend for lunch.  It was pretty empty in there, but it was sort of after the lunch rush and it was during the week.  We promptly were served ice cold water and some delicious banana bread muffins with butter for free.  I ordered a freshly squeezed limeade, a nice twist on lemonade.  My friend and I both agreed on getting the Cuban sandwich.  So many different flavors playing into this sandwich.  Sliced ham, a deliciously marinated shredded pork, Monterey-Jack cheese, pickles and a whole seed mustard topped off the sandwich served on baguette bread.  My friend commented on how he doesn't usually enjoy mustard but really enjoyed it on this sandwich.  The sandwich was accompanied by a side of mixed greens in a vinaigrette and some sweet potato fries.  Sweet potato fries are always an A+ in my book and the mixed greens were a good add too.  The fries and salad weren't anything to get super excited about, but definitely yummy and helped fill me up for sure.  Left there with a whole other half of my sandwich and one of the muffins. Lunch is extremely reasonably priced and although I understand it to be a little more expensive for dinner, I can't imagine being disappointed from what I saw from this meal.
3	Honestly, just okay. I had red sangria - "house special" - and it really wasn't very good at all. Brought out bread to our table but no bread plates or silverware...we couldn't find anyone to flag down, either. I had the tilapia, which actually was very tasty - the fried rice that came with it was great. Dining companion had a steak special which looked good. We were not offered dessert (or a dessert menu), and it took FOREVER to get our check and pay our bill. I think next time I'm in Champaign I'll stick to bar/grill food and save my "fine dining experiences" for the Chicago area.
5	Great restaurant! Great service, food was excellent! Overall a very good experience, will be back
5	My mom, sister, husband and I went to Escobar's for my sister's birthday -- it was a Sunday so we had brunch.  The restaurant was cute -- nicely decorated and comfortable.  The waiter was very personable and helpful with suggestions and descriptions of dishes.  I started with a limeade, and my mom and sister had coffee -- a fantastic blend developed at the Columbia Street Roastery (which is next door).  We were served cornbread with orange zest mixed into the batter.  It was a little bit sweet for my taste (but I tend to prefer more savory cornbread in general).  We ordered platanos fritos, which were subtly spiced with cinnamon, and served with black beans on the side -- they went together surprisingly well.For brunch, I ordered the California Benedict -- avocado, asparagus, and a poached egg atop an english muffin, covered with a chile-spiced hollandaise sauce.  It was quite good -- I thought the little zip in the sauce complimented the eggs nicely, and helped to engage the palate more.  I was told that the crab cake sandwich and the salad with egg were delicious as well.  All told, we had a great meal -- the only complaint I have was that they did not serve all of the entrees at the same time (although the delay was not long, it did serve to make the eggs Benedict a little lukewarm by the time we all started eating).Anyway, to sum up, the atmosphere was nice, the prices reasonable, the service generally good (and always pleasant), and the food delicious -- I will definitely return here when I come to Champaign again!
2	So so blah. I never go here and it's not because of the location.
2	filet mignon - asked for well done, got rare instead. butternut squash ravioli was insanely buttery and creamy. no other taste was comprehensible. service was ok and the filet mignon was kept off the bill. I guess they can have better days with the service but the food itself is not up to the mark.
5	So, so, sooo goooood. I have never had a bad meal here. I've lived in Austin for 5 years now, but every time I come home for Christmas, I have to eat here at least once. My favorite is a shrimp and scallop lemon cream sauce dish. The merlot braised short ribs are also pretty awesome. Their white sangria is pretty tasty but maybe even a bit too sweet for my tastes. This place is a bit more expensive than your standard restaurant in Champaign, but it is definitely worth it, if only for a treat every now and then. This place has excellent food and the amount is usually more than I can eat in one meal anyway. I love the way the inside is decorated - it feels very festive without being too obtrusive.Also, Escobars is just fun to say.
5	Great food, great service.Made reservation for 14, including a toddler.Waitress handled our table with ease. Will for sure go back.
5	Excellent food, came on Valentine's Day. Not cheap however, drinks were good.
4	This place was delicious! Free parking in the downtown area because they have a private lot, so that was nice too. My only complaint is that the bread and rolls were cold and the service people were confused about who would be helping us at first. I got the hanger steak with fajita veggies and it was amazing! Veggies were cooked perfectly. I could have eaten a whole plate of those.
5	Escobar is absolutely my favorite restaurant in Champaign. I've been there many times with friends and family and have never left disappointed. The servers are attentive and knowledgeable with the menu items. Everything I've ever eaten there has been fresh and delicious. The portions are good and the price is fair. I also love the atmosphere and decor. This is a perfect place for any meal. Oh, and the brunch! Best egg benedict anywhere!
1	I won't go here again. The service was very slow and some of our food came cold.  I had the shrimp from the appetizer menu and didn't feel good the rest of the night.  This is definitely a miss.
4	Stopped in for drink and an appetizer one evening.  We were greeted by a friendly (and beautiful) hostess.  Friendly seems a trait missing in most hostesses.  The great service continued with a friendly and efficient bartender, who can make a good martini (you'd think that was easy,it's not).   We had the guacamole app and it was fantastic!  I will go back just for it.The atmosphere in the lounge area was calm and quiet (no tv's or rowdy people).Will go back for dinner soon.
4	An absolute gem in the middle of nowhere Illinois. Ok not so middle of nowhere if your a University of illinois fan. Had a fantastic roasted chicken with homemade mole. Also had the pupusa appetizer which was amazing. If you find yourself in Champaign Illinois and not wanting chain restaurant crap, you really should give this little gem a try.
5	Lunch w/my best friend and we both loved our selections!! I had the Fish Taco's and she had the Wild Mushroom Enchilada. So much flavor and colorful presentation!  Try the hand squeezed Limonade!!!
4	A group of us went in and everyone found a dish suited to their tastes and prefrence.  Even though we were all somehow related we represent a diverse group.  My daughter was just back from Spain and other countries beyond.  She was thick into the land of authentic tapas. My oldest son is just expanding his pate a bit beyond McDonalds and my youngest son is up for most anything these days.  My 90 plus year old mother has allergies and is crazy food sensitive and really is not fond of much in the way of anything edible these days. I was wondering if she would turn her plate over and make a face. Thank goodness no childhood flash backs cropped up for her.  My brother in law is strictly carnivore.  I was impressed that everyone found a dish.  Well done Escobar.  Oh, and I recommend a mojito if the weather is warm or maybe if you just are wishin warm breezy thoughts.  Ha ..If somehow you find they don't have them available..go home and have one ..they make family time much more tolerable.
1	Disappointing food for the high cost.The ceviche ($10) does not come with raw fish cooked with the acids of a fresh lemon, but rather it is canned, cooked fish sitting in bottled lemon juice. The duck taquitos were dry, like frozen ones that were microwaved a little too long. (And they still sold for around $10 for two taquitos.) And the seafood in the paella ($21) was overcooked, and in a sauce that tasted a lot like Chef Boyardee sauce.My colleagues enjoyed the fish filet dishes, though, so perhaps it may be best to just avoid the dishes mentioned above.Besides that, friendly service and a good beer selection.
2	The saving grace for Escobar's is the decor/ambiance and the quality of food, but I would not go back given the poor service.  My boyfriend and I went here for our belated Valentine's Day dinner on Saturday and I had never been there before.  When I walked in, I was pleasantly surprised with the warmness of the decor.  It was very cute.However, when we were seated, it took a very long time for our waiter to get to us.  The busboy also kind of tossed/threw the bread bowl on the table which was weird and definitely made me raise an eyebrow.We ordered the guacamole appetizer and a caesar salad to start; my boyfriend ordered the hanger steak and I got the mushroom enchilada.  The guacamole was pretty good and both of us really enjoyed our entrees.  However, the salad failed to come and our waiter only noticed it once he brought over the entrees.  We still got the salad but it was pretty bland and unexciting, despite the enticing description on the menu.The worst part of the evening was the service.  Even though our food was good, we could never find the waiter to refill our water or order dessert.  He took so long we ended up deciding not to get dessert at all.  Even though the interior of the restaurant is cute, I would not go back.  Compared to other places in Chambana, the prices are high and I can also get really good food elsewhere.
2	Dear Escobars Management -- If you are listening. . . I have been a loyal patron of your restaurant for years. You've been up and down, HOWEVER. . .    Yesterday I came in for brunch with visiting family on Easter, and our waitress was an embarrassment.  The food was good, but what strange service.    She was clearly on a diverse mix of prescription meds, because she had a hard time communicating with us.  The food was cold, because she brought it out one plate at a time for a group of 6, and proceeded to talk our face off as we were about to leave, despite being cold and indifferent during the rest of the meal. A little training might be in order here. Maybe you had the B-team on staff for Easter - but y'all need to check yourself before you wreck yourself.
4	One of the better restaurants in Chambana.  A cozy, open dinning area with a small bar.  Warm colors, bright and airy.  A very comfortable feel.  Service is attentive and knowledgeable.  The food here is very fresh, and the kind of Latin American/Mexican that I wish more places would make.Appetizers are great.  Ceviche is fresh as can be, and I love the Duck Confit taquitos.  Main dishes are large, filling, and always fresh as well.  Their seafood is great.  Tilapia and salmon are cooked perfectly.  Wild mushroom enchilada is awesome.  They have some sandwiches for lunch that are great.  Tacos for early bird dinner, great.  You will not find mounds of gelatinous refried beans and crappy rice that come from a can or bag here.  You can taste the fresh flavors.  A great mix of Latin America and Mexican.  They also have a half way decent beer selection in bottles.  I usually enjoy some Founders.  A well stocked bar, and good mixed drinks.  I keep saying this, but it is true.  A great spot with fresh and well prepared food.  One of my favorite spots in Champaign/Urbana.
5	Great place for a lunch or dinner - with the office or friends.  The lunch menu is full of great options.  I always get the grilled chicken with guac and it's always good.  I can't usually eat it all because they give you so much.  The sweet potatoe fries and salad that come with it are my favorite.  I think I would be happy with just those two items.  Their house salad dressing is different and I love it. I believe they even have their own homemade ketchup if I remember correctly, good!  For dinner, I only get the Broiled tilapia with chili-honey glaze, sweet corn-cream sauce, and fried rice - WOW. The spice from the tilapia goes great with the corn.  My favorite fish around!  Portions and price are perfect.
3	The flavor of their foods is not strong enough for a non-Latin America person. The decoration is classy and elegant though.
4	Great choices that are well prepared.  I had the ceviche tonight followed by the pheasant and it was delicious.  Only complaint (and this is a bit snobbish) would be that there was a little much onion in the ceviche.  Besides that the wait was fairly long (25min) for my entree despite the restaurant being almost empty but I have to say it was definitely coming straight out of the oven and the preparation of my pheasant did not leave anything to be desired.  Solid 4 stars.  If I was back in town I would come here again.
2	They get points for presentation but that's pretty much where it ends. Service: Decent and attentive once we flagged someone down and asked to talk to someone about ordering! It took them about 5 minutes to get to that point.Appetizer: We had the morrocan-style mussels; probably the only well-seasoned dish of the night. Tasty, but not the best I've ever had.Entrees: The seafood paella is not a paella; its a bunch of seafood in a pot, with rice and sauce buried at the bottom. It was a beautiful presentation, and the seafood was cooked well but woefully underseasoned. None of the sauce touched the seafood, and the sauce was sub-par at best. It's Latin American food, right? Seasoning?!The phylo-wrapped lamb is an inventive dish, and beautifully presented. I think their chef went to beauty school, not culinary school. Again, underseasoned and the glaze seemed to be missing something...salt probably. Drinks: The mango margarita tasted like it was laced with lighter fluid or nailpolish remover. Their wine selection was really good.
5	My boyfriend and I were celebrating our one year anniversary and as per usual I scoured yelp to find a suitable restaurant choice. I was in the mood for Latin-type food and found Escobar's. The boyfriend and I left work around five and arrived at the restaurant around 5:30. I was expecting to be one of the first tables being that it was early. When we arrived there were already 5 or 6 tables seated, I took that as a good sign. We were promptly greeted and shown to a table. We were brought water and bread (delicious, by the way) and within a minute our waiter was at the table greeting us. As we looked over the menu our waiter described the special of the day and gave information on the many delicious sounding menu options. My boyfriend loves calamari so that was a no-brainer for the appetizer. He is pescatarian but the wild mushroom enchilada struck his fancy. His review: The enchiladas were delicious. Most places give you three smaller ones, here you get one large enchilada with a generous amount of filling. The sauce that covers the enchilada has a nice (not overpowering) bite to it. My food: AMAZING. I had the seafood paella, half a lobster, shrimp, and mussels. The lobster and shrimp were perfectly cooked and seasoned well. Some of the mussels were a tad overcooked but based on the rest of the meal I was willing to overlook this tiny misstep. The waiter was well on his game, eyeing our water glasses from across the room and bringing more before we even emptied the glass. We will definitely be coming back!
4	Always tastes fresh, staff generally nice. The menu doesnt have that one gotta have it item as far as i am concerned but still plenty of good choices.
5	Truly a perfect dining experience.  Every time I go the service is warm and delightful.  The food is amazing and I try something new every time I go.  The soups are very tasty.  I love the talapia. For such high quality food, the price is very reasonable. What are you waiting for? Go to Escobar's!
4	Meun is interesting, food is delicious.  All 4 of us very much enjoyed our meals. The only issue we had was service; it seemed like they were understaffed (maybe a few servers called in?) and though our server did ok, it was slower than expected. Bottom line, one of the best restaurants in Champaign and I'm excited to return!
5	Best restaurant in Champaign. The lamb, salmon and lobster dishes are so delicious.
5	Actually awesome. My friend and I shared the mushroom enchiladas and paella, so we could get a taste of each. I was nervous about the seafood in the paella not being fresh, but I was wrong. It tasted great, not fishy at all. The mushroom enchiladas were good, nothing special but still quite tasty. The service was nice, too. For a college kid, yeah this is a bit pricey, but go here on a date, for a special occasion, or with your parentals! Loved it.
1	Not worth the money! Drinks $8 and not good and very small. Chips that were served with the guacamole were very greasy. Pear salad and pear not ripe. Pork chop under cooked. After telling waitress the above, she didn't offer any suggestions to rectify. Very disappointing!
5	Love this place!  The food is awesome.  Only complaint is that the "roll of the day" rarely lives up to the expectations set by my first visit.
4	Good food -- a bit pricey for the portion sizes but all prepared well. Meat dishes like the Hanger Steak Asada and osso bucco contained tasty prepared meat that was very tender to the fork and deliciously prepared vegetables and potato on the side. The seafood dishes like the sauteed shrimp and scallops and seafood paella also contained nice large juicy pieces of seafood, although only a few pieces. The rice on the paella as surprisingly flavorful although a little wet. The crema catalana I tried was also prepared very nicely with a crunchy caramelized sugar top over tasty custard that wasn't too thick and tempered with just the right amount of citrus. Overall, the food texture, temperature, and flavor was great -- however the small portion sizes for the price make me hesitant to award the final star.
4	Awesome menu and always delicious fresh food! Only real complaint is that their hours can be tricky to remember,  especially on weekends.  Could be an amazing brunch spot.
5	I went here for my birthday and holy crap, amazing food. Where has this place been hiding? The drinks were great, but the seafood paella was awesome. Perfectly cooked scallops. They were so tender and sweet, I could have eaten twenty. All of our food was great.
2	Seriously, what's so fancy about this place when the food and the atmosphere doesn't reflect anything close to fine-dining. I have eaten million times in fine-dining places from L.A. to Europe and this is DEFINITELY NOT the place to experience delicious fine dining. However the prices and portions does fit to the fine-dining definition unlike the taste, service and atmosphere.
3	The meal started with the coconut crusted shrimp and orange jalapeno dipping sauce.  The shrimp was well prepared but the sauce was somewhat bland and oily - very oily.  For the entree, I had the chicken mole.  The waiter described the mole precisely which was excellent since it was the sole reason for choosing it.  However, the sauce was poured over a very small half chicken with skin and bones resulting in little meat and lots of picking through the skin and bones to find said meat.  The fresh squeezed limeade could have used more lime juice.The restaurant itself is comfortable and inviting.  Service was excellent.
4	My wife and I stopped here on our way back to Chicago. The food was all very good and reasonably priced! Everything tasted freshly prepared and full of flavor. They also have outdoor seating which is a huge plus. I'd highly recommend this place for a casual get-together or a date night.
4	Consistently, I have always had very good food here. Recently, we ate at the bar.  Hopefully, the owner or management will read this... THE LIGHTING IS HORRIBLE!I've been in the hospitality business for over 35 years and I am a major "Foody".  Three things that can spoil my dining experience is bad food, bad service, and bad atmosphere/lighting.  At Escobar, the food and service is good and the atmosphere in the dining room is decent.  But the bar... I couldn't wait to leave. I experienced the very same thing at the sister restaurant Milos where the entire restaurant has horrible lighting.  The food and service was wonderful, but because of the atmosphere/lighting, I never wanted to return.
5	Traveling for business, I sat in the bar on a Sunday night. The restaurant wasn't very full and there were only two of us eating in the bar. I had a garden salad and pork chop for dinner. Both were far above average. The salad was full of mixed greens, not a piece of iceberg lettuce to be found. The Porkchop was tender and flavorful. I had the sauce served on the side just in case but ended up really enjoying the added flavors. This restaurant isn't inexpensive but it's certainly reasonably priced, especially compared to a similar menu in a larger city.
5	This is a great place to bring a date.  The food is great and service was too.  The menu changes and you're sure to find something you'll like.  Everything you order here has a Latin flare to it.  I loved the osso buco that I ordered and have had other things as well but can't remember. lol  Bring a date here and enjoy the great food.  They have a nice variety of drinks.
