4	Every time I want to complain about how many dang ads are in this paper I remind myself how much I paid.  Ah yes, free.  No ads, no free.  The new times has some awesome front line reporting.  It's pretty sad to me how many issues don't make it on the news, or into our legislature until they have been discussed in the New Times.  Unfortunately, it can never have the full journalistic edge to it because they will occasionally do this wild and wacky stories with so much sarcasm some folks think they are real and get all hurt, while everyone else realizes it's a joke.  I like the idea, but I'd rather if that was done as a smaller story rather than a cover story.  But anyhow....Awesome classifieds section.  Kinda scary in parts - I mean, you KNOW some of those can't be legal - but there is some good stuff there too.  Pretty darn good music and food reviews generally too.  Personal Bonus: At Christmas, their pages are the perfect size for wrapping ornaments.  Score.
4	My favorite news publication in the Phoenix area. The ads are a bit distracting but, as Kristin pointed out, "no ads, no free."They are certainly the edgiest journalists around and target a younger, more liberal audience. The Arizona Republic in all its watered down glory leaves something to be desired, and many of the smaller local papers are filled with conservative fluff, IMHO. The New Times takes an active interest in local music and local artists of all kinds and types, and takes aggressive stances on many issues, political and otherwise. It's refreshing to see some cojones in local news reporting from time to time, even if they don't always do it in the most serious fashion.
1	After talking about the New Times in the forums, I thought I should probably bring my opinion here!I used to read the New Times regularly and really enjoyed their articles. I ate up their stories on Arpaio and other political subjects.But then a group I'm part of was the subject of a really deceptive column, and I learned an acquaintance of mine had a feature article written about her in which they completely fabricated some quotes, and then there's the whole 'April Fool's' fiasco with the article on the chef who prepared endangered species...Anyway, bottom line is that the New Times is here to provide entertainment at their subjects' expense, and very rarely provide news. I still read it sometimes for a laugh or to check out event listings, but that's about it. I'm sure there's stellar information in here every so often, but I'd rather not wade through the bullshit to find it.
1	Crap. Crap. Crap.Your local "Independent Weekly" owned by a HUGE corporate conglomerate that owns something like 16 other "Independent Weeklies" in other towns.Horrible layout.  Horrible entertainment writers. Great for puppy training and starting fires.Crap. Crap. Crap.
1	How I wish our dog Emilie wasn't potty trained. How I wish my bird Lu Lu wasn't eaten alive by a rogue Labrador a few years ago. How I wish I hadn't given up my paper mac-he hobby.That way I would put to good use this useless newspaper. Irresponsible reporting. Pretentious and condescending writing. Horrible graphics and photographs.New Times. Get real. It's time to stop playing high school newspaper.
1	Need a sensationalized story? Want a sarcastic look at the news? Want the sometimes decent stories to be overwhelmed by the massive amount of porn ads?Read New Times!This is a tabloid, plain and simple. Anyone who says anything else is lying to you.
2	Not so much a liberal approach to reporting as a brainless attempt to convey "news," New Times has continued to disappoint and frustrate me on a weekly basis. So, why do I subject myself to the pain of this paper? Usually, only two things [garnering it the two stars]: Savage Love and the Night&Day. The former keeps me informed (and sometimes offers new ideas to keep that spark going ;) ) while the latter gives me something to plan on doing over the weekend. Honestly, it was N&D that turned me on to Cazwell. Some times the restaurant and movie reviews aren't painful. Otherwise, there is no worthwhile content in this paper. That, and I feel I've been duped by their fabricated stories a few too many times and you're wasting your time; you're not The Onion and are wasting our time if you think you are.While I consider myself left-of-center, New Times just dives off the deep end without its inflatable floatation devices. I'm not member of Sheriff Joe's fan club, but I don't view him as a serpentine demon. And while I admitted up front that the sex column piques my interest, the avalanche of provocative advertising is too much at times. I don't want to think my sushi has been in contact with a naked person, thank you very much.When we buy a house that has a little more property and I can start my garden, New Times will be part of that process. It will do wonders to keep the weeds at bay.
1	For years I endured the Phoenix New Times. I read it..because it was free (isn't that why anyone picks it up?).  But my story about a brief discussion with an editor says it all. I wrote to the editor to explain my disappointment with a particular article. I actually said that they were doing themselves a disservice by calling this particular story "real" since it was actually a farce; that's not journalism, its fiction..yet this publication continues to call itself a news source. Almost immediately, I received a reply from the editor. When I saw it in my "inbox" I assumed it was a "form" response. You know, "thanks for contacting us, blah blah blah".  Imagine my surprise to see that it was from an editor, personally insulting me and my intelligence! After the initial shock of receiving a poorly written personal attack from an EDITOR, I replied only that he had "eloquently proven my point." to which he responded again with another insult. I decided that I was the bigger person at this point, and stopped communicating. Since then, I have never picked up a New Times or any of their sister publications. I encourage others to stop justifying the New Times existence by even so much as lining their bird cages with it. What a waste of trees.
3	While it is the best newspaper in Phoenix it remains well below average.
1	Trash..................
1	Not rating new times specifically, but their friday food truck event. Visited here for the tlicious tacos. I would avoid this event on fridays and hike the extra 2 miles to get to the food truck friday event at the phoenix public market. Its a nicer atmosphere and a bigger selection of food trucks to pick from.
1	The only reason Phoenix New times is still around is because it's free. Their strip club supporters and ads is whats keeping them in business.  No one with any common sense would buy Phx new times paper if it was for sale. They call anyone who is against illegal immigration. Bigots.  lol  The only good story i read on Phx new times is the story about lifelock.com. How it is a scam and that the owners ID was stolen many times. I guess showing your SSN on national TV is a good way to become a victim of ID theft.other than that. story after story about how much they hate Sheriff Joe and all anti illegal people.
5	Dear New Times,I don't quite understand why the reviewers here are so down on you but can only conjecture how most aren't strip club aficionados, in need of a good car stereo at low, low, prices, and, have little interest in attending concert events featuring eighties bands who've been on 'Behind the Music-where are they now'.But that's precisely why I love you. WIthout you, how would I have ever known Chesty Morgan was performing a one-night only  gig at Bourbon Street? I've never seen 96FFFF tits prior to or since that day, so kudos for that one. The image of her hot air balloon tits will be forever seared into my temporal lobes, and one that I frequently whip-out, right along with my hoo-dilly when I need to...well, you know. A triumphant five stars for that piece of it.As for the car stereo places featuring the 'One dollar install', what a load of shit those places are. They may only charge a buck to install it, but you can get the same piece of equipment on Crutchfield Online for half the money, and, get a high school dropout to install it for a couple of blunts. So no stars for those thieving fucks.And your classifieds? I love them. Particularly the variety.Men seeking women.Women seeking men.Bi-men seeking racially bigoted trans-gendered she-male dominatrix.Women seeking goats.Is there no end to your ever-growing list of classified captions? Five more stars, but mainly for your consideration of the deviant sex aficionado whose only outlet prior to your varietal classifieds was either NAMBLA, or a henhouse.Another section of your paper I love is the call girl ads. Yet five more stars and big fat mega props to your devoting page after page to these industrious eager beavers.I can't begin to tell you how consoling it is to know that when it's my turn to host poker night, I can choose from any number of 'college coeds' to make certain my soiree is the hit of the season. Although, I can't give you a bunch of stars on this one.Not only did one of my buddies lose a stack that night at poker, he also lost his longtime girlfriend, and, with no medical insurance, his low-rent romance cost him a couple of trips to the clinic. You may want to look into this. Maybe put one of your reporters on the case, since it tends to irretrievably fuck-up people's lives when someone shows up to the party with chlamydia.Major party foul.Anyway, overall, I have to give you high marks. Between Chesty's gigantor titties, 'mostly' disease-free call girls, and, seeing at least two of the original Eagles perform at some Indian Casino way the hell out in BFE, my life has only been greatly enhanced by what most here caption as an 'uninformative rag.'I find you anything but.PS.If you need someone to write a comedy food review column, I think I'm your boy.If not, then I suggest having one of your reporters go undercover, hoping they meet up with 'Destiny'. One of your call 'girl' ad customers who conveniently forgot to mention how she was in possession of one very large dick. That was another 'big' party foul.
2	Look in the dictionary (remember dictionaries? those books full of definitions of words?) under "consolidated" and you'll find New Times. Once upon a time, in the pre-Yelp/pre-Facebook era, New Times really did serve its purpose as a proverbial 'alternative newsweekly.' It was thicker than a phone book (remember phone books? those books...er, never mind). The point being, half of the pages were full-page ads for car stereo installs and a local movie theater chain - so you could help plan for the weekend. All their staff was local, and Phoenix had New Times, New York had Village Voice, LA had LA Weekly, and so on. Oh, how times have changed. New Times circa 2012-2013 really doesn't seem like it's a viable 'alternative newsweekly' anymore. Their editorial bread and butter, as it were, is all Sheriff Joe - and...? Nothing else besides Sheriff Joe? That's really the only local content. I miss "The Bird" column that had more diverse local stories. I miss the pre-foodie 'Cap'n Dave' food sections. And in the Romney 'Women With Binders' era, I really miss their then-controversial coverage of the FLDS compound in Colorado City. It seems like they surrendered it all over to Gannett & AZ Central (the Arizona Republic.) Time was, locals would look forward to Thursdays to get a New Times. Now, there really isn't that much gotta-read-it urgency anymore. Pick it up on Friday, on a Saturday, or a Sunday, and it's as "meh" as it gets.
1	The great thing about the New Times is that it is free. So, it's perfect for lining your pet bird's cage or puppy's kennel.This "paper" is so biased that I can no longer read it. I'm not affiliated with any political party and it is completely obvious that this is a total left wing publication. Any article I had read recently does not give a fair portrayal of its topic, thus not allowing the reader to make an informed decision. Instead, they infuse the liberal agenda into every story they run in what feels like an attempt to dumb down the city's population.In my late teens I actually enjoyed reading the paper while waiting for the bus or whatever I was doing. In my early twenties I still humored myself with an article once in a while. Now, as I am approaching thirty years old, I will not even pick up their "Best of Phoenix" editions.
1	Trashy rag that besmirches heroes: http://blogs.phoenixnewtimes.com/valleyfever/2013/07/brendan_mcdonough_sole_survivo.phpFingers crossed their ad revenue plummets.
