5	I have been going to the location on Scottsdale Road, and the staff has been incredible. Dr Dean is my pcp, and he is very knowledgeable, and was able to correctly identify my issue that most other people were failing to recognize. It was a fast, professional, and pain free experience, and for that I'm very grateful.
5	I have had knee surgery and treatment for a foot fracture at the location is Mesa on baseline. They have been excellent - very professional. I have seldom had to wait more than a few minutes. Dr. Amit really knows his stuff - he does awesome work (my knee is as good as new), and his staff are a pleasure to be around.If you happen to need orthopedic care, this is the place to go.
5	Asmc is a very professional operation. Beautiful facility too. I was treated by Dr. Dean And he was very knowledgeable, professional, and compassionate. If you are looking for avoid solid group of docs this us the place to be
5	The new office is lovely! The space is great! The parking lot is better and less congested. Dr. Dean is great. He offers concern and options for any issues. I had one of the first appointments so I didn't have a long wait. I was in and out in an hour, which for me, I had anticipated at least an hour!
5	I traveled all the way from the far west valley after receiving a recommendation to see Dr. Dean. I was seen promptly and found him to be very knowledgeable about my tear in my rotator cuff. It was worth the drive to come to Asmc and will continue to come to this great place ( they have PT here as well)
1	This place seems to be nothing more than an elaborate scam to charge your insurance company as much as possible via multiple scheduled visits for the same or slightly different issues, and funneling patients through a mill and into their approved "physical therapy" partners.  They even go so far as to have another "company" on the same floor to do specific X-Rays despite clearly having the same staff working at both offices.  Don't come here if you want a legitimate answer, or legitimate help.  They'll only end up charging you and your insurance company a ton of money, and writing a generic "prescription" for physical therapy.  Complete and total waste of time, and a rip off.
4	The only reason I'm not giving 5 stars is because both times I have gone to the Mesa office to see Dr. Peterson, my wait time has been almost inappropriately long.  Last time, I waited 50 minutes past my appointment time before I was seen.  I understand that doctor's get behind, but it would have been nice for someone to have acknowledged that I was still there waiting, rather than having to get up and ask about the wait time. But, Dr. Peterson is great.  He's friendly, and explains everything so that I could understand what he was talking about.  He gave treatment options and didn't pressure me to do anything beyond my cost or comfort zone.  I definitely recommend him.
1	If your time isn't valued, and you believe the Doctors time is more valuable than your own, then this is your office!  Asked to show up 30 minutes early, actually get there 40 minutes early.  Then 85 minutes later I'm still sitting there waiting......And don't forget about the 30 minutes to drive there, and 30 minutes to get back to your day.  You will quickly spend TWO HOURS TWENTY FIVE minutes of your time in hopes of seeing the doctor for 20 minutes.I'm sorry my time has VALUE too, and the doctor's time is no more valuable than my own.  I walked out after waiting 85 minutes........Thanks Dr Erik Dean, you should work for the Cable company and make your appointments for any time between 8 AM and Noon...
