5	I had a heat exchange water heater installed yesterday by Gilbert Plumbing and had a wonderful experience.  I call around to a number of plumbing companies to see how many of these new GE water heaters they had installed and no one had as much experience as Gilbert.  They also had the equipment in stock so I didn't have to wait at all for the install.  The installer was extremly professional and went over the operation of the unit step by step and even gave me some general plumbing maintenance advice.  The tax discounts on these new units and the energy savings make it worth your while.  I highly recommend Gilbert Plumbing to help you with this investment.
1	One of the businesses that clearly spills PROBLEMS (and certainly, being a plumbing company, no pun intended in this situation)They installed a complicated Kohler shower that began leaking and damaged my entire drywall and baseboard in my master bathroom 3 yrs later. They had a "tech" come out who said there was no leak from the plumbing. I had another contractor look at it and water was leaking out the back of the shower fixture! The VP of the company Janet Gilbert insisted the leak wasn't due to the shower despite never being in my home to see it herself. She insisted I didn't pay them for their "tech" to come out even though I have a copy of my check and signed contract from them saying I paid in full. It was because "I didn't pay" that she felt she could hang up on me and say we don't have a good business relationship? I pay all my bills/responsibilities on time. I have never seen such a response from any service-sector business before, especially when people are dying for good business in this terrible economy. BEWARE, hiring this company will most definitely mean problems, see this as a grave warning sign. I have read many reviews on this and other websites, and this is supposed to be one of those red-flags to look out for or be sorry!
1	Treating the customer horribly.  No phone manner at all. Said only deal with companies. I AM A BUILDER!!!
