4	I am not someone that ever exercised regularly... two weeks was about as long as my attention span was for 'regularly working out.' But, since joining the Princeton Club - I'm a full month in! Can't believe it. Princeton Club Xpress is where I spend most of my days, chillin' out, maxin' out, relaxin' all cool. Yeah, I really couldn't help but drop that Fresh Prince reference in there - sorry, I digress.The convenience factor has been more than enough for me to make this a part of my regular routine. I have never had a challenge accessing a machine and I mostly go after work. Granted, I get there a little after 6pm most days. If I'm using a machine, I may need to skip one and come back, but it's never to the point where I can't access what I need for my workout.Oh, and it's clean. The members do a great job (most of the time) with spraying down the equipment after they use it (if you're obsessed with cleanliness, you can always spray it down before you start too - I see a few people do that).Everything is really easy to use, most machines show an example right on the machine as to how to use it. You can also go during their 'office hours' which is a loose term for a 24/7 gym, but they have a guy that can help you if you're brand new or need tips - that's what he's there for!
5	It's a really convenient location, and I feel like I'm getting a great gym for a really good price. I personally have not had an issue with customer service. I have been consistently happy with them!
3	A decent set up for an express gym. However, when I signed up I was told that the gym would soon have two spin bikes and two rowing machines. Well, one rowing machine is fine (though often taken so what's the point). The McFarland and Monona clubs have only one spin bike (McFarland has a second one that isn't the actual eSpinner and can't track any of your workout), while the one at Hilldale has two spin bikes and both of them are the nicer, newer version. The single spin bikes at both Monona and McFarland are older and not as good. So, when I signed up for the gym with the stated purpose that a spin bike was my main use in the gym, it is a little disenheartening to see the restuls aren't quite what was pitched to me. Additionally, the lack of any club downtown makes it a bit inconvenient for a morning commute if you work downtown. Other than that, it's a great club if you work out in generally normal waking hours, have self-motivation to get to the gym, and don't need one of the machines of which there are only about one in each club (stair master, rowing, spinning, etc.). For the price, I am satisfied with my membership for the year, but cannot say whether or not I'd renew it.
4	Very convenient and inexpensive! My two kids and I have a membership and we enjoy working out together! Kids have to be 12 years of age to work out on the machines! And I really like that!!
