3	Tasty salsa on the salsa bar that was appreciated, because the chicken was very dry.
4	Chicken here IS pretty dry sometimes, like the other guy said, but overall I haven't had any bad experiences at this one.
4	Like this location, but they do have a tendency to mess up my order (-1 star)... but they kind of sort of - not really- make up for it with free extra corn tortillas! In love with their flame broiled chicken and cheap tacos al carbon!
4	Ahhh, El Pollo Loco. When I tell my coworkers I'm going there for lunch, they stare at me like I am a crazy person. Obviously, they have never been there.First, let me offer a disclaimer *I ALWAYS GET THE SAME THING*. So the 2 piece combo (breast and wing) with sides of coleslaw and rice and flour tortillas is the only thing on the menu I can vouch for. But it is wonderful. I order that and LOAD UP on the spicy avocado salsa, which is amazing. Seriously, I could drink that stuff by itself. My mouth is watering just thinking about it. Anyway, I make my own little tacos with rice, coleslaw, their broiled chicken and avocado salsa. It never disappoints. The staff here has always been kind to me, and you can get in and out of there quickly, which makes it a nice lunch stop.I gave four stars because I wish the restaurant was a little...newer? The bathroom has been closed for repairs a few times that I have been there, so maybe it's time to replace it or something? Either way, I will keep coming back.
1	Went in around 730pm & restaurant was dirty, chicken was dry, manager made excuses...salsa bar was trashed no salsa asked for side of salsa, they made me wait for them to restock bar while my food got cold.
5	I have never eaten at El Pollo Loco before but decided to try them out today and get lunch for myself and coworkers.  I went on their website which is easy to maneuver and found a nice catering menu.  When I went to place my order it told me that because I didn't order 12 hours in advance I would need to call the store directly.  I was worried they wouldn't be able to fill my order because I needed it in the next 2 hours, but a very friendly man answered the phone and told me he could indeed have my order ready in time.  I ordered 2 taquito platters which were very tasty and reasonably priced.  When I went to the store to pick them up they also gave me extra tins for salsa from their salsa bar as well as plates and utensils.  I definitely will be coming here again and I look forward to trying their other menu items!
1	I have been to this particular store before and have had decent service and food, but I will NOT go here again.  After a long day of errands I stopped here on my way home.  First off the speaker system was so bad the lady inside had a hard time understanding what I wanted and I had to repeat things 2 or more times.  Then once I got home I found that half of my order was missing and the part that was there was burnt beyond being edible.  The chicken was so burnt and dry I can't imagine why anyone would serve it, the fries looked like they had been in the fryer for way too long and then had been sitting out for hours.  The only thing I was able to eat out of the whole thing was the tortillas and even they were cold by time I got home.  I would have gone back to complain and get my money back but didn't want to waste my time on a lousy fast food place.
1	Two words: bug infestation. Prior to tonight I would have given this restaurant at least 4 stars because I have been to this location through their drive through a couple times and they got my order right, were very friendly, and the prices were always good because I receive coupons in the mail. After tonight though, I'll probably never return. My husband (this review is being written by Stephen's wife, Celeste, by the way) and I decided to take our two kids with us for an inexpensive family meal out, especially because we had received more great El Pollo coupons. Well we had never eaten inside the store and didn't realize we would be sharing our dining experience with hundreds of small and unwelcome guests. They were literally everywhere and even though I wiped off the table and chairs before we sat down my husband still had one get on him. He was so grossed out that he couldn't finish his meal (and he's not usually very squirmy about bugs).  All my 2 yr old son could keep saying during the meal was "bug! bug!" as he pointed at the floor or tables. The service was still very friendly, but our bag of chips was very stale (they did replace them when I mentioned it though), and the place was generally filthy. I really hope that their food prep area is a lot cleaner than their guest dining area, because if the dining area is any indication of the kitchen I'll be very surprised if we didn't ingest a few bugs. It's too bad because I think If they would just keep it clean they would get a lot more service (certainly we would be return customers if it were cleaner, but will not be now).
4	Went there the other day for lunch and was really surprised at the quality of the food and reasonable prices.. I had a cobb salad that was excellent and my friend had a burrito that he really enjoyed. If you are looking for something fast, reasonable, and good food, I would highly recommend this. !
4	I eat here probably once a week. It is always clean, the staff are always friendly. I usually get a Mexican salad, which is always pretty good. I rotate between the double chicken and the Mexican Cobb salad. The cilantro dressing is tasty. Today's salad had a little too much lettuce, but otherwise tasty. I like that I can add cilantro, onions, salsa, etc to my salad at the little bar they have. I eat for less than 10 dollars which these days is really good. I would definitely recommend.
5	Can't say much about this specific location, drive thru girl was nice. But the new chicken breast bowls are AMAZINGGG.
1	Food is great!!! service is awful. After I ordered my meal the clerk asked me are u sure you don't want to order from the under 500 calorie meal.  Seriously
