5	My husband and I were looking for a quick bite to eat before going to the Sun's game and we just happened to stumble across this AMAZING place!!  As we were standing outside deciding between Tommy Pastrami's and Fired Pie next door, a gentlemen walking past us told us their location, Tommy Pastrami, had just opened and the food was great and we should come in a try it.....so we figured, why not!!!  The location is a tad small, very clean and welcoming.  The staff was very friendly and helpful.  You order at the counter and the menu is on the wall above the register.  As we were looking at the menu, one of the staff members explained the menu to us, a little bit of history of the company, and then added that their breads are homemade!!  Ummmm...YES PLEASE!!  The menu isn't too large either, making it easy to decide on your grub of choice....I like that! I ordered the 1/2 reuben with pastrami (you have a choice of pastrami or corned beef) and I made it into a combo with some potato salad (also HOMEMADE) and a bottle of water.  My husband had the "halfer" sandwich choosing pastrami as the his meat of choice and adding swiss and a bottle of water, just as we were making our order, I notice a refrigerated case off to the side containing waters, juices and.....CHEESECAKE (also HOMEMADE).  Well of course I just HAD to add a slice of cheesecake to the order.  Our bill was around $30.00, a little pricey, but well worth it!!  We grabbed our bottles of water and the cheesecake and grabbed a seat, our food was brought over to us.  My sandwich was amazing!! The pastrami just melted in my mouth, sooo good!  The swiss cheese was melted and stringy, the sauerkraut was crisp and the bread was fresh.  The whole sandwich was full of flavor and delicious.  The potato salad was honestly some of the best potato salad I have ever had! The meal also came with a pickle, which was tasty as well. My husband said his sandwich was also very good.  His was pastrami and swiss with some mustard (by the way, they keep large squeeze containers of mustard on the table).  Now for the grand finale......(drum roll please...) the cheesecake was absolutely SUPERCALIFRAGILISTICEXPIALIDOCIOUS!!!!!! It was by far the best cheesecake that my husband and myself have EVER had, hands down!!!!!  It was so light and airy and still very rich.  It was the perfect ending to an amazing sandwich!  As a matter of fact, we asked how much it would be to buy a whole cheesecake and if that would even be possible!! One of the employees said he wasn't sure and shortly after, a gentlemen came up, handed us his business card and said we could contact him if we would like to order a whole cheesecake and he would be more than happy to accommodate us and get us the price info!  Well Mr. Len Combs, President, you will more than likely be hearing from us!! If you are downtown, in the area, and looking for some good grub with a welcoming and friendly staff....I HIGHLY recommend stopping by Tommy Pastrami's and hooking yourself up with a tasty sandwich and a piece of divine cheesecake!!! I can tell you, we will be back FOR SURE!!!!!  WELL DONE TOMMY PASTRAMI'S!!!  :)
5	Fantastic addition to downtown!  Love the fact that I can grab a HUGE delicious NY deli sandwich before the game and a beer for much less than concession prices.  No frills, no filler, just fresh baked bread and a TON of meat of your choice...THANK YOU for being here!!!  Don't forget the insane desserts as well!!
2	I've been there three times now, and most likely won't be going back.  The food is decent but overpriced (IMHO), and the service is slow, which is okay if you're just killing time before a Suns game, but not so much when you're on a work lunch break.  I first got a turkey & cheese sandwich.  Well, I should say I paid for turkey and cheese, but they forgot the cheese (which they charge extra for).  The sandwich was literally bread and turkey, period.  The turkey itself was good, but overall the sandwich was incredibly plain (and $9 bucks for the half sandwich after tax).  And the wait was about 10 minutes.The next time I went to check out their breakfast.  I was the only person in the restaurant, so you'd think it would be quick.  Nope.  It must have taken 3-4 minutes before the cook even came out.  Then another 8-10 minutes to cook two eggs, a slice of ham, and hash browns, and another couple of minutes to get someone else to wrap it all up and hand it to me.  The last time I got a bowl of chili and a hot dog.  Over $9 bucks, and another ridiculously long wait, made more aggravating by the fact that there were 2-3 employees just standing around.   When I got back to my office and opened up the bag, realized they didn't give me (or offer to give me) ketchup, mustard, or anything else for the hot dog.  It's too bad.  I really wanted to like this place.  I predict it won't last very long, but hopefully I'm wrong.
4	The sandwich was great had a Ruben and my fried had the pastrami sandwich. .I think the Ruben could have used a bit more pastrami. .or I guess the next time I'll order the bigger whole sandwich.   Lol. .my friends half pastrami was stacked..little pricey with the Ala cart menu..definitely not a place to eat every day or you'll break the bank. .
3	The food was very good. The prices however, are INSANE! $18 for an 8oz sandwich with nothing on it at all, but cheese and meat, 10 steak fries, and a drink. Go next door to Fired Pie. MUCH better deals.
4	Our office ate here for breakfast this morning, and we are all very satisfied! The breakfast sandwiches are grilled and stuffed with steaming hot eggs, cheese, and in my case, bacon. Honestly, some mighty fine bacon indeed.I've been here a few times for lunch and have enjoyed every meal I've tried. My first time, I had the slider combo. The pastrami and corned beef were good, but not super filling. I can be a big eater, and even with the chips and orange soda, I could still have eaten more. My next time, I ordered the Sloppy T and two hot dawgs. Again, very good but I should have ordered more. So when I got around to ordering The Original, I was quite stoked. Would this be the gut buster that stuffed my belly? Almost. Again, sometimes I can be a binge eater.As others have mentioned, this place isn't cheap. But we're downtown, and their prices are competitive. Service is friendly and attentive. If you're in a time crunch, I've suggest calling your order in ahead of time, though.
4	Great customer service and good food! Great prices before the Suns game. Wish I had taken pics, ate it too fast. Had Reuben with pastrami, chili fries and grilled cheese for my kids. Yes they have kids meals!
5	Really good food and really nice people...definitely a do over! They have real new York style food without the new Yorker attitude. My wife and i loved everything we ordered.
5	Had an excellent breakfast burrito w/salsa.  Reasonably priced as well. Completely unexpected find in downtown.  This plus coffee made for an excellent morning.  Will definitely be back!
