5	If you need a new computer, or service on yours I highly recommend visiting Red Seven.  These guys know what they are doing and they are out to give you the best product at a great price.  Tell them what you want to do with your computer and they will custom build a new machine that will do everything you need it to.  If you don't have a lot of $$ they will sell you a used machine that is light years ahead of what you might pick up at a retailer for 5 times the price.   Small business owners, give them a call and ask them about their perpetual PC deal.If you need to pick a brain, this is the place to go.  Save yourself from the big Corporations - you will be buying a first rate backed product with mom and pop personal service.
5	I was very impressed with the speed at which I received my order.  The setup was very easy and the staff was very helpful.  They were able to answer every question I had.  I would definitely recommend Red Seven to any person interested in purchasing a computer... the most bang for your buck!
5	These guys are Awesome!If you need a computer (or some computers) [or networking], you need Red7.They know what they're talikin' about.  They know what they're doin'.  They do it right.  They do it right the first time.  They do it right every time.That's been my experience with Red7.
5	My hard drive failed and wasn't being seen by my system or by an external connection. Since I write and illustrate from home, it was a cold shot to the hip.  A friend mentioned Red Seven and I took it in to see what can be done. They had me at "Free Estimate". They were able to restore my data, and the next day provided a new drive with the data backed up onto it.  They told me that the original drive was on its last leg... so I took it to a farm to run around with other hard drives and wide open spaces where it can be happier.And that's how I received the gold medal in the 200 m freestyle beating Michael Phelps... Or at least that's how I feel getting to work in my pajamas, at home, on my computer instead of fighting traffic :) Thanks Red Seven
5	I have to say I don't know too much about computers. I actually brought my old computer in to Michael at Red7 and before even looking at it, he told me it was junk. I have had others look at it and they have wanted to dump tons of money to fix it. Thanks for being honest Michael. Oh, yeah I also got a new computer there, folks if you haven't dumped windows and got on UBUNTU, free software, you have got to check it out. My girlfriend is the ultimate cheap ass and to have to never pay for another $300 to $500 program, what a relief. Thanks Michael and Red7!!!! Awesome work!!!!
5	When my hardrive died, I freaked out and called Michael at RedSeven as he is the biggest computer wiz I know!  He kept me calm and told me to bring in the computer to see what he could do. In the morning I was surpised at how clean and cute the store was and was greeted by a friendly face(nick, i think),I left my computer behind and hoped for the best.Unfortunately  my 10+ year old computer was officially dead, but thats ok, Michael sent me home with a new hard drive at an amazing price! I had an enjoyable experience with RedSeven even though it started with the death of my hard drive! I'll definatly turn to Michael for all my future computer needs!
5	We sell real estate and our computers are our lifeline to our clients.  Our clients depend on us to give prompt attention to their emails so our computers have to work.  So when ours died, Michael, with RedSeven was there to save us.  He and his team diagnosed our problem fast and got us back on the internet highway so we can do what we do best...help our clients.  We liked them so much we decided to swap out one of our computers for their lease program which is inexpensive and gave us piece of mind because it includes computer support.  This group is top-notch...smart, courteous, fast, friendly and fair!  These are traits that are hard to find in this world.  Thanks RedSeven!Kirsten and Doug H.
5	Yo I don't know about these guys computer skills but all the staff were super knowledgeable geek to geek.. but I went to a Ubuntu release party there..and it was off the hook!First it was an open bar ..so my many thanks to these great guys for getting me liquored up for free.Second they were giving away warez of the newest Ubuntu release ..and well that's pretty darn cool.Third Free prize drawing where the gave away mini net books , computers and of course the usual shwag you may expect.All and all a great experience.. I uploaded photos of the night. A great time to be had for all you nerds who like to talk about computers/ unix n stuff while gettin yer drink on for free.They have these things occasionally ..and yes I found out about this event through Yelp.. So check it out next time if you are into all that! I am sure they would love to meet you ...and if you have a computer problem get you back surfing! ..(or whatever you do on a computer when not wasting time on it :)
5	For me, the verdict is still out on UBUNTU and open source software but these guys are quick and good and priced better than anyone else i have found.Ok, the Linux stuff is growing on me.
5	I am now cooler for being serviced by RedSeven.  Err, having my computer serviced by RedSeven.  It started with attending an open house, meeting Nick and Yelper Michael C and nabbing a little free grub and wine.  Free food and wine always makes things cooler, as a rule.At the open house I got some quirky Star Wars themed coupons for $50 off of service.  $50 cheaper is also always cool.  Not as cool as $1000 cheaper but you get the idea.  So we brought our desktop/doorstop in and had RedSeven get all the nasties out that the kids had probably downloaded from limewire or something.  Quick friendly service from Nick at drop-off and Michael C at pick-up, desktop is back at home running quickly and earning it's keep as the kids PC again.Oh, and they serviced me fast!  Err, my PC...like 48 hour turn-around.
5	When my husband's computer completely crashed, we took it right in to RedSeven. They took care of everything and before we knew it, they called back and told us the computer was up and running and functioning perfectly and to come anytime to pick it up! Their work was excellent, the staff is courteous, and the turn around time for the repair was exceptional.  HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!
5	This is the second time I've used Red Seven to fix a computer issue.  Michael is honest & upfront about what needs to be done. If you rely on your computer as I do for business, you'll also appreciate the fast service.  I had my computer back in less than a day!  I'm so happy I've found a computer repair place I can trust.
5	Good guys, great service, reasonable prices. I had a great experience at Red Seven. They sold me a laptop that fit my needs perfectly and I got a great price on it too. What else could you ask for? Thank You Red Seven!
5	Really why are we paying for Software and headaches?  Redseven can show you the way of the future. Did you know you can lease a computor with them and have free support with your lease. Check them out!!!!!!
5	I had a problem with my office computer after downloading Internet Explorer 8.  I took the unit in to Red Seven and, as promised, they cleaned up my CPU fast and at a very reasonable price.  I recommend these guys highly.Hal, Scottsdale
4	Well my 8 yr old decided to open up the lap top's operating sys to delete and add her own programs.... So I yelped and up came redsevens, the guy's I spoke to were nice my first call was they could fix but my power cord was mangled, did not know that, never had any problems with it but the guy told me it needed replacing, and also they would upstart windows for $225 with yelp discount ok one week later told to come p/u when arrived I was greeted with you did not get our last phone call which was a $75 phone call because the drive was shot so any way Im not sure if everything is kosh yet because it is not performing as good as it did a bit slower a few bugs when typingbut for all I know its me. (long week) I had experiences with Best Buy and wil never return there. This was by far better.
5	What introduced me to Red Seven wasn't necessarily the best of situations. My not-so-old computer decided to ditch me only 2 years into our relationship...but this wasn't just a tiff or heated disagreement....we broke up....it's over...and he took all of my stuff with him.Ok lame analogies aside, I needed some serious data recovery and called around getting estimates-which was a rude awakening. One place offered to get my files out of the useless box for $300, another estimated up to $1200 depending on size....gulp.Luckily, I happened upon Red Seven. The staff were very personable, straightforward, honest, and helpful in guiding me through the process  (while also advising me on new computer ventures).The whole process (diagnosing was free) cost $100. Plus they were efficient; calling me within 24 hours initially with a diagnosis and then when the data recovery was complete.Rock on Red Seven, thanks for the painless recovery from a sucky situation.
5	"As good as it gets" is right!  I can't imagine ever going to a "squad" of geeks ever again.  Red Seven gives great customer service, they're fast, and their prices can't be beat.  What more could you want?!Also, if you're in the market for a new computer or laptop, talk to them first about their leasing program!!
5	We use RedSeven for our business and could not ask for more.  We have purchased several computers from them (great pricing) and Nick often comes to our office to quickly solve our technological problems.  They are very knowledgeable, reasonably priced, and provide quick, competent and personal service.
5	Yelp came to my resuce again!  My laptop had been making this sort of clicking sound off and on for about 6 months.  I was always able to get it to stop.  Last week it wouldn't stop.  I pinpointed the problem but I'm not a hardware person so I went to the Yelp talk threads and asked for help.  Almost all the responses were for Red Seven and I knew Donald S. and Jim W. would not steer me wrong.  I called them and then hopped on over.  I spoke with Cisco.  He said they would have a look and see what the problem was and give me a call.  He said they were not too busy so it would be done within the hour.  Since they are right next door to a .99 Cents store I did a little shopping and went back within the hour.  To my delight it was just a minor issue.  My speakers were going out.  They disconnected them for me and I went and got a cheap pair of speakers at Best Buy.  Earbuds work just fine too.  Crisis averted!  Thank you Red Seven.  And they only charged me $26!!!  YAY!!!
1	So let me start by saying that my laptop was running very hot and the processing speed was very slow. I had to re-install the original factory software because of malware and viruses that completely messed it up and never allowed me to get past the log in screen. So I looked up computer places and came across Red Seven with smoking hot reviews here on Yelp. I thought....wow, so many people were impressed, I will for sure take my laptop to this place and hopefully get my laptop fixed. I brought it in after 5PM one night to Chris. I know they close at 6PM so I wanted to get it in before that night. He told me within 24 hours (later the next afternoon) that he would call me and let me know what the diagnosis was. 24 hours goes by, no call. I figured I would give them another day since I did drop it off late on my first day. Near the end of the 48 hour stretch, I called and got Chris. He checked my status and said I had 1 gig and my Windows 7 should be running fine. I told him I didn't have Windows 7, my laptop was 5 years old and had XP installed on it. He then realized he had pulled the wrong info, said he wasn't the one who had worked on my laptop, but did eventually pull up my information. He told me that again, I had 1 gig and it should be fine. No reason my processing speeds should be slow. I asked him about the fan which which I suspected had not been working, then he told me that the fan didn't work at all. I asked him if that would affect the speed and he said it definately could. So, I thought about the cost, did call him back after thinking about it for less than 5 minutes and put an order in for the fan. I was told it would take about a week or so but should be fixed. That I could call and follow-up with them but I would be contacted once it was fixed.Time went by, and by the end of the following week I called to check the status. Again, I got Chris who reviewed my information and said the fan should have been there by now but it should be coming anytime and to call back. Again I waited, I called back and got a lady (some answering service?) who told me she would leave a message for Chris to call me back. It was about an hour before they closed and I didn't receive a call back that night. So the next day I call, get Chris, was told he didn't get the message but sometimes they don't get the messages because it's an outside agency that answers sometimes. So he said it still hadn't come and he would check the mail that day and call me back to let me know. Also I had asked him to please call me back and let me know that day.Again, no call back by the time they closed. So I called the following day, get Chris who told me it didn't come in the mail the day before (which had come later that day), and he was checking to see where the fan was since it had been almost 3 weeks since my drop-off. He said he tracked it, found that it showed as delivered by UPS but they didn't have it. He did offer to order it, expedite it for me, and not charge me any labor for my troubles. I told him I was just going to come in and get my laptop and he didn't have to worry about ordering the fan as I couldn't wait any longer for my laptop to get fixed. It was my first impression of their company and I wasn't very happy about the wait.So I came in and picked it up, noticed staggered stacks of laptops with paperwork taped to them, desktops on the floor, and a general disorganization of the back area. I figured they were just really busy to have that many pieces of equipment sitting around. So he gets me my laptop and I go on my way. I will say that the powercord I received is not the same cord I dropped it off with. It had some weird tag on it and was hard to disconnect from the DC power supply where it never had that issue before.I did get MY laptop back, but when I opened it, there were some food crumbs on the mouse. So needless to say, I won't be giving this company my business, nor the business for my desktop because that is also older and having some processing issues. Chris was nice, but that doesn't cut it in this drawn out disappointment.
4	Simply put, I'd go back.  They are quick and have always called back to tell me what issues are going on with my rig.
4	Spent my first dollar here today. I tried them out after driving by every day for a while and finally needing computer work. They've had my laptop for over a week replacing a power connection ,  but were very nice and didn't mind that I waited a couple of days to pick it up.Bonus- they have deals on Yelp, and I saved $25 just for buying a certificate ahead of time. You can also 'check in' when you drop off your computer and save 10%.
5	These are the guys you go to for any of your computer needs.  Awesome staff with timely call backs and service.  Definitely recommend to anyone and everyone
