5	This is my favorite cafe in Montreal. It's inexpensive and the portions are a good size. Omelettes and empanadas are DELICIOUS. The service is laid back and friendly. Also, they do not mock my awful attempts at French.
5	Dear Chez Jose staff: I have an excellent proposition for you. You move to Honolulu and bake here. In return, I give you excellent weather!!! Umm that's about all I can give in return though.Can't say I didn't try...It's been a while since I last visited this place but the pain au chocolat was indeed amazing!!! And mmmm their crepes too!!! The service had always been great and I wasn't kidding when I said I wish I could take this place with me (or at least the bakers haha.)Montrealers are soooooo lucky to have awesome boulangeries/patisseries. I would kill for a good croissant, some brioche or pain au chocolat right now.
5	Awesome sandwichs / crepes / juice for cheap.  They have a sandwich and juice special for $8 CAD.  They have both savory and sweet crepes with 10+ ingredients for each.  They use frozen strawberries in their smoothies, but it's actually quite nice as it's cold and refreshing.
5	The best omellettes in town by far. Very creative, portuguese influence. Great ambiance, good food and very modest prices make this place an ultimate choice for a Sunday brunch routine
4	Amazing brunch spot and bakery with absolutely awesome smoothies and delcious lattes. Vegetarian friendly crepes are excellent. The only thing on the menu that disappoints those in the know are the empanadas but since everything else is so great that shouldn't detract from your experience at all. As an added bonus, the specials are always great deals and the coffee options are always delicious!  The only reason Chez Jose didn't get five stars is because several times when I've been there with just one dining mate we've been stuck at a long table with loud groups of other patrons on either side crowding our space. It hasn't stopped me from going back again and again but it can slightly detract from the overall experience.
4	Fun little place on a funky street away from downtown Montreal.  The crepes are good, but what is underrated are the unique juice blends.  Certainly something to worth a bit of a walk, even if the walk isn't very scenic. They also seem to put the same amount of chocolate on every crepe, even the dedicated chocolate crepe.  Just keep that in mind when ordering.  Enjoy.
4	Yes, this place is super cool.  Super tiny; but super cool.  Try not to go with a large group or the seating will be awkward.  Their menu is really awesome -- more a lunch-type menu with sandwiches and soups.  If I remember correctly, they had a seafood soup that was only served on Fridays and it was delicious!You can get a really decent meal with smoothie and all for around $10.  Their servers are cool and the decor is so very Montreal.
5	It was pretty early in the morning.  We didn't want to go to some tourisy and diner breakfast spot.  Of course, Chez Jose tucked away in Rue Duluth whispered us in with its tiny interior and young locals alike.  Like any montreal spot you've got choices of pastry lined up behind the glass case, but that's not why I came here.  I saw someone eating mussels, in the morning!?  Why not!  Turns out it was a seafood soup, sounds even better.  I got that $10 along with a pint of pina colada smoothie $4.  The soup is filled with fish pieces, calamari, mussels and tiny scallops, with tons of romesco orange sauce and soaked rice, yum!  It was super good, I wanna make it.  My boyfriend got the olive noires et formage de cheddar omelet, $8.  It was pretty good too, I kind of wish I got that as well.  This is probably my favourite spot for breakfast in ville.  Bien sur!  Je retourne l'an porchaine.
4	Funky small cafe on the corner, not a lot seating. Had a chicken sandwich and smoothie...the sandwich was tasty and would recommend going back.
4	I was introduced to Chez Jose by one of my coworkers who is pretty much obsessed with the place. It's a really funky little cafe and there are almost always lineups of people getting takeout sandwiches at lunch. Needless to say I grab lunch here (with said coworker) at least once a week and I have trouble straying from the churrasco. It's just so tasty and satisfying, and for a mere $5 it's a great value. They have a nice selection of pastries, too. A lot of my coworkers are partial to the berry pie, but so far I've only tried the pain au chocolat, which was delicious.
4	Chez Jose an airy little cafe with a whole lot of character. While one wall is painted in zebra print, another is adorned with sunflowers, and the next with colourful fish. On hot summer days, other than the few tiny tables that line the perimeter, seating is limited to the inside on your choice of an eclectic collection of mismatched wooden chairs. Don't worry if you had hoped to do some people watching or sunlight absorption, it's all still possible with the windows opened wide.A white board lists the combinations of fruit smoothies made with 100% orange juice available. A glass display case shows off the drool-inducing assortment of pastries. Sandwiches and salads du jour keeps things fresh and light.You'll want to make sure you've got cash with you though since they don't take cards. If you find yourself cashless and hungry (and lazy) though, the dep next door charges $2.25 for "cash back", purchase optional.
5	This place has everything I want and more. The staff are lovely, the food is great and really well priced and they also have smoothies and amazing baked goods as well. I got a smoothie and a veggie pate sandwich and it was so delish and only $8. The food came fast and I got to take a look at all the cool decor while I waited for my food. The place is small but the murals outside make it hard to miss. I would go here for breakfast, lunch, dinner or a snack.
4	Two of my friends and I were there randomly last Sunday morning and we all enjoyed the experience! The price-quality ratio is excellent and the person who waited on us was very professional.
4	I rarely eat out for breakfast. I usually only go out for breakfast on trips. Everyone recommended this place, so I wanted to give it a try. Very mellow atmosphere, which is the right mood to start off any morning. I had an omelet, which was delicious. Then topped it off with some orange juice and some pain au chocolat. The pain au chocolat was Amazing. Capital A.
5	Chez Jose I adore you, your food, your staff, your coffee and your jam.The food is simple, fresh and done well. I'm a big fan of the omelets and the fresh pastries. Chez Jose has a great vibe- I don't know if it's the staff, the music or the patrons but it's really laid-back and happy. It's the best in the summer when the windows and doors are open and gentle breezes flow throughout the place. I love this place!!
4	Yuummm Really nice place. Me and my husband walked to this place on a Wed afternoon. I the Omlette with him trying the beef soup and with Pina Colada smoothie each. They were delicious and cheap for the price. The place was cozy, giving a lot of one-on-one interaction time. the Chocolate tarte was yummy too. We took it to-go and ate it along the way out. The food was good, with great service and nice and friendly environment. Definitely will come back!
4	I don't know whether it's best to judge this particular book by its cover; the decor is eccentric and eclectic, but undeniably rad and the same might be said about the menu. I generally go for an early-morning breakfast or brunch and though it can be tough to get a seat in this teeny-tiny restaurant, it's well worth the wait. The omelette sandwiches are particularly good and incredibly inexpensive, especially considering the fact that you can load them up with absolutely any filling and incur no extra cost. Coming in a close second, though, is their amazing chicken sandwich, which has just the right amount of spicy mayo on a perfectly-cooked chicken breast. Accompanied by a smoothie (for a combined price of only $8), even the bill is satisfying.Also worth a mention is the incredibly charming staff, who are not only friendly but will always go the extra mile. When I went in for a family brunch and found there were no seats left, they set up a terasse just for us and successfully won our business for years to come.
4	Lovelovelove this place!the empanadas are delicious! The sandwiches as well!Great cafe au lait. A good neighborhood coffee shop all around. I'm a fan.
5	go here and eat sandwiches(churrasso my favorite). the soup( tomate avec fromage bleu!.) the smooothies, oh god the pastries, and the empanadas. have a melt down on your walk home after because the food was soo good, the price was reesonable and the service was casual and gorgeous. angrily thrust your pointing fingers at passing pedestrians and cry to the heavens " why in hell do i you forsake their tongues? let them eat"
4	The coziest spot for a summer afternoon meal. I almost felt transported to Williamsburg for a moment but I realize how much this place reflected what you look for in Montreal. I expected a simple lunch in the first place but I'd never thought I would get such a great meal.The sandwiches are just amazing and unlike other sandwich shops, Chez Jose has a very specialized menu with a few but very unique choices, I especially recommend the Chourico Fromage which will fill you up and only cost you $6. More, you can combine it with a fresh fruit juice for $9. However, Spanish food-savvy critiques will definitely question the Gazpacho's recipe. But hey - that's for pros only. You feel home chez Jose and that's the best about it.
5	Chez Jose is undeniably cool. We stopped in for lunch after a bike ride around old Montreal and it was so satisfying and fun. We all had fresh fruit smoothies and sandwiches. The food and drinks were delicious and really reasonably priced. Thanks for a fun afternoon, Johnny, you're the shit!
5	I love this place!  I only stopped in for a second and the guy working there was very kind about my sad grip on the French language. Ordered a chausson aux pomme... It was SO good, packed with apple... I will make a bee-line there when I head to Montreal next.
4	The sandwiches, crepes and soups are delicious here but... the smoothies?! Dang. They should just call it "yum-juice" and leave it at that. This small and eclectic place has a hippy vibe that's easy to embrace. Great for a mid-day meal, their plates are loaded up with extra veg and cut-up fruits. The staff is so sweet you could mistake them for your relatives. * Still cash-only.
5	We enjoyed a great lunch here a couple of weeks ago.  Cute location.  I had the vegetarian empanada special with a great side salad.  My husband enjoyed an omelet sandwich and my daughter had a yummy ham and cheese.  Service was friendly.  We forgot my daughter's water bottle and went back a few hours later and they had saved it for us.  A great spot in a great neighborhood!
2	I had a decent 6$ sandwich. That's what I can say. I read other reviews and I really went there hoping for something decent, but I felt let down. You can't expect much for 6$ so it delivered there. But the service was terrible. 6 people in the place and the girl couldn't bother to show us more attention then the minimum requirement. The place is also dirty, quite dirty. I can handle cheap, but not a fan of dirty. Soupe soupe across the street is a better bet. A few bucks more but much better organized.
4	For value for flavour and $ this is a winning choice for sandwichy fare.  I must admit that I have only had the warm Spicy capicoli sandwich with cheese and cucumber slathered in their hot sauce, but it is so frickin delicious.  I'm serious.  It's so good (and cheap), I have found it difficult to stray and try something different (which really isn't my typical MO).  My friends loved their Grilled Chicken Sandwiches with avocado, and the Vege Pate sandwich, so solid reviews all around.  The resto also makes delicious smoothies which are great support characters to the main dishes.  There is always a case full of danishes and desserts, but I haven't had a chance to indulge in these yet.  The ambiance is sort of hipster hippie (a la Santropol), but friendly and welcoming ... oh and the prices include taxes.  I like it when restos do that, just my thing I guess.  This place is totally worth a visit (or a few).
3	I definitely like the Chez Jose chicken sandwich with avocado, hot sauce and a cup of coffee as an option in the area. This is a quick, tasty, cheap lunch on pretty Duluth that's not a chain, uses fresh ingredients, and has always in my experience offered friendly, if lowkey, service.
3	Great sized portioned omelette and decent smoothy. The menu is only en Francais - tourists be warned, but staff is helpful in both languages. As one reviewer chose Chez Jose over Swartz's - I'd choose Swartz if it had to be a choice. Great value all and all.
5	Super crepes and delicious if expensive juice.
4	This place has great ambiance - a corner restaurant in an interesting neighborhood.  I ordered the Pina Colada smoothie (very good) and an asparagus and mushroom omelet (disappointing).  They also have crepes, and those could be very good - need to try again sometime, and the pastries looked very good.The omelet was just so-so.  I really can't put my finger on it - the cheese (allegedly cheddar) did not have *any* taste, and neither did much of anything else.  I did not eat more than about 1/3rd of it.  It came with a field green salad, which was very good.Anyway, there is potential here, and I really liked the atmosphere, so I will try again.  But I never will have another omelet here.
3	Nice little bar located in the portuguese/spanish restaurant.You can order sandwiches and drinks and go enjoy the  view of the parc du Mont Royal.Petit bar cosy dans le quartier hispano / portuguais.Vous pouvez commander des sandwichs et boissons et aller profiter de la vue du parc Mont Royal.
4	Been here twice for crepes with friends. It's a casual cafe - the decor is kind of funky & colourful. It gets pretty busy on weekends. Pick what you want inside your crepe, one of three cheese, and then the fixings: Mexican, ham, chorizo, spinach, mushrooms, tuna, etc. The crepes come with a salad. Pretty yummy. The latte I ordered was average. The juices looked really good, maybe a tad pricey. They had a big cabinet full of pastries too. It's cash only.
4	This is a cute and hip spot for breakfast and coffee. This is one of the fav places in Montreal for their sandwiches. As you know traveling to Montreal or anywhere in Canada can be incredibly expensive. Luckily, for travelers, Chez Jose continues to open their doors for tasty meals at an cheap fare. The menu is only in French so make sure to let the waitress/waiter know if there's any confusion. I had their Mexican omelette sandwich with cheddar cheese and chicken. It was so yummy that I wish we were there right now. Hub had the chicken with avocado and cheese but it was not as flavorful as mine. We also had their coffees which was just ok. Go with their sandwiches, any combo, smoothies, and pastries. When in doubt, do what most French Canadians order- chocolate croissant and a coffee/cappuccino to go. The spot is located in the Portuguese and latin quarters of the neighborhood. A lot of homeless and crazies in the street so be careful of your belongings and bags!
4	A great place for a quick lunch or a good brunch. You can stop by as well for a coffee and a superb Palmier or an apple turnover. Home made flaky and buttery pastry !For lunch you can't go wrong with the soup of the day and if they have the fish soup, go for it !! A hearty soup with chunks of fish, mussels, rice and a great flavor !After take a nice omelet to share with their their grilled buns.And all is very reasonably priced.
4	Cool little cafe in the plateau. The chicken and avocado sandwich is delicious. Good espresso here. Only downside (or upside) is that this place is very small so don't be surprised if you can't get seating.
4	Chez Jose is where people in the know in the Plateau congregate for reckless banter, delicious food, and a proper cafe au lait. The unpretentious, colourful staff make this the perfect weekend hangover spot.There are three things you gotta try chez Jose:1. The omelette sandwich custom - lots of home-made hot sauce on the side.2. The colada freshly blended smoothie - and I recommend you stop by the nearby SAQ to spike your smoothie with a mickey of not-too-cheap rum.3. Try and hop-on the owner Jose's motorcycle, a classic American model, and go for a ride around the block (take a picture!)This is a real neighbourly spot. Faithful to its Portuguese origins, it uses the big white bun familiar to those used to eating chicken sandwiches on the plateau, and some other typical ingredients like chorizo. On Fridays, they have the best fish soup around.If you go there frequently enough, you might end up sitting right below a picture of you hanging on the wall. And you probably will, because Chez Jose is a small island of kite surfing lovers and beautiful people sipping fresh juices along the coast of hot Duluth pavements.
5	I love this place. The owners were sooooo welcoming and friendly! They really took great care of us. It was our first time there. The food was very very yummy! Get the chicken sandwich and soup combo! It's great! Also, the croissants there are very very good. Will definitely come back when we are in Montreal next time.
5	Although it has probably been a year since I've been to Chez Jose, it is still one of my favorite sandwich places in Montreal. On a hung over Sunday the Churrasco is a life-saver, filled with chicken, avocado and a horseradish spread on a portuguese bun. Another must-have is the seafood soup, which is spectacularly constructed, filled with all the goodies from the big blue. I seriously recommend this place. Cash only!
5	Will never get enough of this place. I live close by and go often, which is how Chez Jose is meant to be enjoyed - it's very neighbourhoody, kinda like going to a relative's for dinner, complete with Milo the puppy! I bring all my out of town visitors here, sometimes more than once. The food is always delicious, and the prices cannot be beat. Love the chorizo omelette, churassco sandwich, ham and cheese, their soups, the smoothies, and their coffee, and the fruit crepes...I know the menu by heart and I still struggle with what to get every time because it is just that good. The housemade hot sauce is so smoky and tasty we use about half a bottle every time we go in. Don't miss out.As expected for a busy small place with a small kitchen, service can be a bit slow and disorganized at times, especially if you go in a group. While this might frustrate some people, for me it kind of adds to the casual and intimate vibe - but I felt I should be honest for the sake of a review. They recognize this though and are very up front about it and always do their best to accommodate us. If you have the time (and patience, don't be a dick), I would highly highly recommend Chez Jose.
