4	They are certainly keeping it fresh and local at the new Crested Duck Charcuterie!  This little deli actually formed out of a booth at the Pittsburgh Public Market where they sold fresh meats and cheeses.  Now they've got a cute little space in a hopefully (??) up and coming Beechview.  Here they also have a variety of fresh meats and cheeses.  Most, okay, ALL of which are creative and definitely none of which I've heard of before.  I decided on the Caprese sandwich.  I was a little nervi about the tomatoes, since we're way out of tomato season, but the owner assured me they were decent.  So the Caprese has mozz, basil, balsamic, tomato and you can add Duck Proscuitto (!!!) for an $1.50.  Little tip, add the duck!  It was really really fresh and succulent, even for thin proscuitto!  The baguette it comes on is also fresh and comes from a local bakery.I was just very impressed with the owners dedication to all the local businesses.  He even brought in a local soda company and local teas from Tupelo Teas (try the Market Spice).  So all you South Hills peeps, listen up, stop on in for a sammie or some great local meats and cheeses!
5	Woohoo, just love the food at CDC.  Not your typical deli but deli style creations that are made with old style, with high quality wide range of cured meats that are aged and cheese.  CDC uses locally sourced products that are crafted by them to guarantee it is good and fresh.  Nicely redone little shop along the "T" line in Beechview.  Have some different sandwiches including Bacon du jour, cheese du jour and a soup du jour.  I was impressed with the Chilian Beef stew...love the flavors...great at this time of year!  The Caprese sandwich was just as good.  It has mozz cheese, basil, balsamic, and tomato and I added the Duck Prosuitto that was wonderful.  All on a fresh baguette. There are teas and some Red Ribbon(?) sodas available.  Never heard of the soda brand and did not try it.  Next time.This is a great place for lunch or dinner but is only open Monday thru Thursday 10 to 7.  If you are in the South Hills, just pop on up from Banksville or West Liberty and have a great soup and sandwich or take some fresh meats and cheeses home.CDC is at the Pittsburgh Public Market on Weekends, guess that is why the store is only open Monday thru Thursday.
5	After having sampled their offerings at the Pittsburgh Public Market, tried the new deli for lunch. They did not disappoint, the charcuterie plate was great and the owner described each item it. The sandwich (caprese) and salad my Wife had was also outstanding. Their house made cured meats are always great, with many different unique offerings. I would recommend this as a great option for a quick interesting meal, or a locally produced cured meat to take home.
5	This is stupid good food.  End of Review.No?  Explain more?  Well, One Nameless Reader who might come across this and demand an explanation, you got it.I've been to the Crested Duck a couple of times.  First time, I played it safe and ordered off their every day menu and went with the insanely affordable Spanish Ham sandwich ($6.50), which came with a tomato confit that you could build a religion around.  When I woke up from the Deliciousness Coma which that first taste dropped me into, I vowed to go back and grow a set.For my second go round, I went straight off the weekly specials menu.  Drink that in for a minute.  This is charcuterie.  These meats are handmade, and the Owner (one of the nicest young business owners you're ever go to run into) wakes up ever week and say, "it's time to blow some minds."  Sure, I'll try the Andouille with peppers and mustard.  I don't know many Cajuns, but if I did, (A) they would like they were on Swamp People and that would make me happy, (B) they would like this as much or more than the stuff they get down in Louisiana.  Then we would wrestle alligators together.And if the Andouille wasn't good enough (which is an insane thought, because it was), my Eating Partner Extraordinaire and I split the Smoked Duck with Fig and Fennel Compote sandwich, cuz if you're completely full and satisfied beyond normal human comprehension, you might as well just say, "F'it" and try to murder yourself with tastiness and die happy.  Mission Accomplished.  I want the ingredients of that sandwich to be read as my eulogy, and to be buried in the baguette.  If you missed this sandwich, congratulations, your life is meaningless.  I didn't have the brass to tangle with Corned Beef tounge quite yet, but how do you even question it after everything else you've eaten there has turned your tastebuds into prissy elitists?  Every other sandwich place is dead to me...thanks Kevin.But don't think this only a sandwich shop!  Salads and cheese plates are there for tasting, as well as the ability to buy everything in the meat and cheese case by the ounce.  Not to mention they have put on a number of special dinners, for Valentine's Day, Easter, and one most recently to celebrate that most feared animal parts, Offal.  All kinds of good things happening here.  Don't miss it.
5	Their smoked and cured meats are to die for and the people running it are really sweet. I'm glad this just opened in our new 'hood.
5	Sweet Jesus this place is amazing!! I'm thinking of moving to Pittsburgh from MA just so I can enjoy this place on the regular!I had a caprese salad and duck prosciutto sandwich on a baguette. It was unbelievable! All the meats seem to be local and the cheese selection is stellar. Eat here!!Buy your meat here! I wish I had a way to transport meat home because the bacon looked beyond tasty.
4	Yummers!!I wanted a special gourmet type of sandwich and Crested Duck Charcuterie delivered for me! I ordered a Caprese for me with the duck prosciutto added per the suggestion and the BLT for my friend to go. We ate them about an hour later and deliciousness overtakes your palate.The owner was super nice though he was under the weather, and while I got there at opening time so perhaps they were still setting up, I was hoping there would be a bigger chip selection. However that is not going to stop me from returning to grab another tasty bite here.
5	This place is all-around awesome. Who doesn't love artisan meats and cheeses? While I can't help but wish it was in the East End, it's also kind of a good thing that it's not. I can only imagine how busy it would be on that side of town, so I kind of like the off-the-beaten-path location in the cute neighborhood of Beechview.Their lunch combo is quite the steal. 1/2 of a proscuitto & cheddar sandwich and 1/2 of the seasonal citrus, arugula, & bresaola salad set me back about the same price as your mediocre Panera U-Pick-2, and it was so much more ridiculously delicious that i'm ashamed I even tainted this review with the mention of Panera. Both the sandwich and the salad were packed with flavor--even down to the bread on the sandwich. My pet peeve is a sandwich ruined by lackluster bread, and that's sooo not the case here! We also had the charcuterie board and loved all of the meat and cheese selections, and the orange marmalade was orgasmicly good. I wish they sold it in jars!In addition to the cured meats, they also offer a creative selection of sausages, smoked meats, pates, and confit. They even have a bacon of the month club! It's a bit pricey at $70 for 4 months, but if anyone's looking to get me a gift...just sayin'...This is exactly the sort of place you should take visitors if you want to prove them wrong about Pittsburgh. Spread the word!
5	Crested Duck is the hidden gem of all hidden gems in Beechview.  Every aspect of it has continued to impress me...1.  Great charcuterie and cheeses.  Nothing better than grabbing a few Duck Sticks (think if Donald Duck replaced Hulk Hogan as a spokesperson) and walking next door to Brew on Broadway for a great espresso drink to wash them down.2.  Awesome lunch.  With all those resources, how could you go wrong?  Anytime I work from home, this ultimately rises to the top of my list for lunch.  The beef on the beef sandwich is literally thin enough to see directly though.3.  Soon to be expanded USDA certified butcher.  Crested Duck always has a great variety of frozen meats available, but this is about to expand!4.  BOYB Friday dinners and butchering classes...  need I say more?I can't wait to see CD continue to grow!
4	I stopped by here yesterday afternoon with my father for lunch.  Ever since I attended a Yelp party here about a month ago, I had been looking forward to eating here.  Whenever you walk up to the shop the first you notice is that it has two doors with one side being the kitchen and the other for customers.  Upon walking into the customers side you are greeted with a number of tables behind which is the meat case and also an area for the workers to prepare the food.  Above this area is a chalkboard menu which I imagine changes based upon what they currently have.  Whenever we were at the Yelp party the owner talked to us about how he likes to buy local when possible and so I imagine that the menu changes with the seasons.Although I wanted to go with the Charcuterie for lunch, I decided to be more practical and went with the caprese sandwich while my dad went with the pastrami. My caprese consisted of duck speck, fresh mozzarella and arugula with a balsamic sauce.  It came on a crusty bread that may have been a french baguette which had a nice texture to it.  My duck speck was good and the mozzarella tasted really fresh.  The only thing that I could complain about is that I I didn't get enough of the balsamic sauce which added a nice sweetness to the parts of the sandwich where I did get it.  Overall I enjoyed my sandwich and my dad said that his pastrami was also pretty good.  What was odd is that the member of the staff that served us ended up leaving about midway through our meal, presumably for his own lunch break.  So whenever we were ready to leave I had to go up to the counter and thankfully the owner was in the back where I could see him so that we were able to pay and leave.The bottom line for me is that I would head back here again in the future.  Both my father and I enjoyed our sandwiches here and I look forward to stopping by sometime in the future to get some meats out of the display case!
4	I just heard the news that the Crested Duck will now be open about 3 evenings a week.  This is good news, because I attended an amazing wine dinner there last night and was overwhelmed by the wonderful food and marvelous ambiance.  Their Charcuterie is creative, locally sourced, and delicious.  The Crested Duck is BYOB, that that lends additional appeal, in terms of first class dining for a reasonable price.We had the Duck Liver & Honey Mousse as an appetizer and it was impressive.  The Chacuterie Plate with Cheese featured 3 regional artisan cheeses, all excellent choices.We also had a Cassoulet that was not on the menu, but it was a dish that showed the careful preparation and attention to detail that is a hallmark of one of Pittsburgh's best new dining options.
5	Doesn't get any better than this butcher shop/restaurant. Fresh dishes with great flavors. A small, stylish, BYOB place. A well kept secret that should become more popular with word of mouth.
5	You have to try the duck liver honey mousse for dessert! Trust me, you won't be disappointed! I know it doesn't sound good, but you will be amazed!
5	They are testing out the restaurant at this location and moved the deli market down to the Strip.  Right now, its open 3 days a week, but considering opening a 4th day a week.  We came here for Valentines day dinner a day early to beat the craziness.  The couple next to us gave us some suggestions of what they liked, which we took.  To start, we had the half Charcuterie board and shared a salad that was a daily special.  It was a nice arugula salad with a pancetta vinaigrette dressing and a sunny side up egg on top.  Very nice start.  For our mains, we shared the Duck Confit Crepes which was soooo delicious.  As well as the Chicken Roulade which was such a surprise!  We would not have ordered this dish had it not been for the couple next to us.  We were so glad we listened.  It was rich and flavorful, had such great texture, and was different than most things you see in restaurants around here.  We were stuffed at the end but we made enough room for the poached pears in coffee with homemade pistachio ice cream.  The whole meal was excellent.  The service was great.  Will definitely be back!  Part of me wants to keep it a secret, but I want them to do well and open a 4th day.
5	This is a review for the new restaurant, but it was humorous that I visited both locations in one day.  I was throwing a wine dinner this past Saturday, and wanted to make my own charcuterie board, so I ventured down to Pittsburgh Public Market (as being their new location to pick up product)  The lady was very helpful in deciding what to purchase, and sliced the meats at the perfect setting (super thin) to fan them out on the board.  Loved the Elk Bresola. that was probably my favorite, then the dirty martini salami in close second. I took my bundles home, and then realized that it was Valentine's Day .  My hubby and I were going out for drinks, then dancing.  A friend of mine was just telling me about Crested Duck opening as a restaurant.  I took a chance( cause everyone's gotta eat, and we just planned on drinks), and called to see if they had any open reservations that evening.  Turns out, we got lucky for a 6:30pm reservation.  I love the atmosphere, and what they have done with the place.  The walls have an excellent shade of red, and candlelight/low lighting, makes it a very romantic setting.  The menu is tapas style (which is my favorite, cause I like to order so many things!)There was one waiter (Brian), and he was perfect for suggestions, and making sure we didn't over order.  Started with the Pate, and also the pickle plate.  Moved onto the Duck Confit crepe with Roasted Pears.  Then the chicken (which was very interesting in texture), and the meatballs with olive oil, crushed almonds and basil.  To finish we went for the less chosen desert of Orange polenta cake.  It was to die for.  Sooooo good.  It was a near perfect dinner.  The word will be out soon on this place.  Do not wait to visit!!!Random thoughts- Loved their music selection, and the old refurbished deli case.The only off note, was the corkage fee. $5 a person was a tad steep, especially if a family turns up, but still not too shabby.
5	I love the location and friendly staff.
5	This review is for the restaurant. This place was AMAZING! I have to stay, this was some of the best, freshest food I have had in Pittsburgh in awhile. It you are a little on the adventurous side and LOVE cured meats and cheeses, this place cant be beat. Extra points for being locally sourced! I am so happy that this place is tapas style- that way you can try many of their dishes! We had the Charcuterie Plate, Pickle Plate, Duck Liver Mousse, Provencal Tart, and the dessert of the date (Chocolate Chipotle Bread Pudding with Cherry Compote). All of the dishes we had were very interesting and complex, as well as perfectly balanced. I couldn't believe how good the pickle plate was- I was expecting, well, you know, just some normal pickles. The plate was an assortment of pickled veggies, and the curried cauliflower was INSANE! I am currently trying to recreate this recipe at home, because it has been haunting my dreams since I had it :P. And don't let the "liver" in duck liver mousee scare you- it was my favorite dish! So creamy and smooth, and insanely great when paired with the figs,honey, and pancetta! And o yea, the dessert was KILLER. All the desserts are made in house. Can the chef do everything to perfection? It seems like it! The restaurant is pretty small, it fits only about 20 people. It is very nice inside, a bit of modern industrial and warm comforting hues. Since its so small and pretty inside, I asked the waiter (who was also awesome btw, these people know their stuff!) if it was possible to make large reservations that may take up the entire place. They said as long as you call ahead and the space is available, its fine. I will definitely be having my birthday dinner at Crested Duck! FYI its BYOB!
5	On Friday, we visited the Crested Duck Charcuterie with another couple. The restaurant is small but very inviting.   Brian, our server was friendly and also very knowledgeable about every item on the menu. He offered great advice for the pairings of the tapas-style foods.  Each item was beautifully presented and delicious. This restaurant offers such a welcome change from the "same old" standard  fare.  I highly recommend planning a visit there soon.
5	Everything we ordered was great! Changing Seasonal goodies on the menu. Super friendly service. So Glad they moved to the neighborhood !! Love how the kitchen has a big window so you can peek in on the action from outside .  Thanks for the wonderful meal guys!! We shall return !
5	Crested Duck Charcuterie is an AMAZING restaurant.  Kevin, the owner and chef is such a nice, talented young man with great ideas.   The food is very fresh- in fact, some of the freshest food you'll taste in Pittsburgh. They source locally.  They are a tapas style restaurant, which is great because you can practically try everything on the menu.  They are also a BYOB, bonus points! You can tell that Kevin puts in a lot of thought and care into his dishes. This is definitely a place for adventurous foodies!  We will definitely be back for the spring menu. This place is going to do really well.
5	New restaurant is really good. Friendly staff, awesome food
4	The quality of the food here was outstanding. The lamb belly was spectacular as was the charcuterie and cheese plate. My only gripe was with the incredibly small portions. We had a group of 6 for dinner so we ordered the large charcuterie plate, cheese plate, pickles and then 7 entrees for everyone to taste and share. We all left still hungry and ended up getting tacos from Las Palmas across the street when we left!
3	The food was absolutely amazing and just  exotic.  I loved the raspberry barbecue sauce and flank steak.  I took my parents here when they came to visit. We went to the Duck starving and ready to eat.  According to the yelp reviews it sounded awesome.  I can not emphasize enough how small the portions are.  Whatever you do do not expect a meal.  I understand the whole tapas concept and sharing of dishes however there needs to be enough food to share I don't even know how they cut the meat so thin.  It doesn't even cover 1/4 of the small salad plate the sauces are plate space fillers Not to mention you have to pay 3 dollars for a tea cup sized bowl of Italian bread.  We each ordered a hot plate 10-16 dollars a piece and all three of the appetizers for example the cheese plate,  meat sampler and the pickle sampler.  10-12 dollars each.  The restaurant is a BYOB so even though we didn't have to pay for booze I spent 185 dollars.  Including a lyft car each way.  In total I spent 225 dollars to leave just as hungry as when I got there just a little more tipsy.  Across the street is a pretty gnarly taco stand selling 2 dollar tacos... Just keep that in mind.  Let's just say I won't be going back anytime.  Except to crush some 2 dollar tacos.  Side note I signed up for yelp just to comment on this restaurant
5	I can't recommend this place highly enough! They serve some of the most delicious food I've ever tasted. It was amazing when it was a lunch spot, and is even more unique and delicious now that it's dinner-only.  Friendly and helpful staff and small plates so you can try what you'd like.  But you really can't go wrong with anything. It's all spectacular!
4	If you are looking for a small romantic dinner, Crested Duck may just be the place.  Small place that is nicely painted and intimate.  Bring along a good bottle of wine to go with the interesting and wonderful food.  You are dining tapas style, so it can be a little on the expensive side when done, but well worth it!  We tried the pate and meat charcuterie and a cheese plate.  The meats and pates were out of this world!  The cheeses were very good with some different styles.  You can't go wrong with Crispy Pork that comes with greens, tomato, and a honey vinaigrette or the Smoked Duck with cornbread, kohlrabi & radish slaw with a strawberry bbq sauce.  Desert looked good but we had plenty and decided to not have one.  Service was very good, very helpful and attentive at
5	Now open for dinner service! I'm telling you people, get here, and get here FAST!We pretty much sampled everything on the menu, but since it's small plates, you get a chance to taste a lot. And truly, that's the way to go here!We started with the Cured Seafood plate with cold smoked tuna, beet cured salmon, shellfish sausage and a regular Charcuterie plate. The charcuterie was incredible as always, with the duck being my favorite choice. The Seafood plate was really different, with the sausage being my favorite flavors.We split the:Lamb Steak with sauteed greens, heirloom beans and balsamicSmoked Duck with cornbread, hohirabi and radish slaw, strawberry bbq sauceChicken Meatballs with soy and ginger sauce, serrano, sesame, fresh egg yolkI'm torn between the lamb and chicken meatballs being my favorite dish. The chicken meatballs were just perfect, moist and bursting with flavor. The lamb was cooked medium rare, which is the only way to have it, and the beans... those buttery tasting beans, complimented the dish so well! The duck and combination of strawberry BBQ sauce may have been my third fave. But it's hard to rank them when they're all really fabulous! Chocolate Pot de Creme just finished off the meal perfectly. Not only does Chef Kevin cure meats well, but he also makes incredible chocolate dishes! I've had the chocolate cake before and and it matched the amazingly chocolate goodness of this one. And this is coming from someone who's not even a choco-aholic! It's BYOB, so bring a bottle and enjoy one of the best meals in the Burgh!
