3	Good sushi.  They have 4 different seating options: Booth, Sushi Bar, Grillside & Shoes Off Floor.  Decent sushi at decent prices.
4	There are currently three Osaka locations in Las Vegas as I write this. The first Osaka I ever visited was years ago near my house on Lake Mead/Rainbow which offered terrific service, great atmosphere and great sushi. However, I went back and that location changed. But this is the REVIEW for Osaka on Eastern now, so here we go. After a hard day of work we (8 people) went to Osaka's with reservations and were promptly seated at one of those tables (forgive my ignorance) where you take your shoes off and your legs hang under. Within seconds of ordering drinks they were already out and we were pouring Sapporo for everyone and a Tokyo Tea for one of the girls at the table. We ordered a couple of appetizers, cooked dishes and sushi. More than enough food for the table! Everyone raved about how good the food was I tried everything. One of the rolls NOT on their menu is the virgin roll, make sure you give it a try. The sushi was very fresh, flown in that morning.We ended the night with green tea ice cream ;)
3	Looking for a late night sushi place that offers happy hour specials, we were referred to Osaka's in Henderson.Walking into this pretty big and established restaurant, we're given three menus to peruse!  There's seating available at the sushi bar, the tables, and even tatami rooms!  The menus are quite extensive and you have to spend a great deal of time doing the matching game.  One menu offers the happy hour specials, but in order to find out what's in each roll, you have to read through their regular menu.  It takes a good while!  A large selection of rolls and thank goodness for pictures.  They all start to sound the same though and many of them overlap.  They also offer this Buy 10 Get One Free from their special roll menu.    You can also do Shabu Shabu, Sukiyaki, or Yosenabe here if you'd like!  We finally decided on a few things from their happy hour menu, and surprisingly, we didn't end up with much sushi!  777 Roll ($9.95 HH price, $12.95 reg.) - "Shrimp, scallop, miki, tobiko, cream cheese; topped with avocado, albacore and served with garlic and yumyum sauce."  It's a pretty good roll, but fatty as hell because that yumyum sauce is a mayonnaise-based sauce.  You can tell how bad it is for you once you take the first bite!  Deep Fried Tofu ($3.50 HH price, $4.95 reg.) - Also known as Agedashi tofu.  It was a bit tough, not easy to break apart.  I prefer my agedashi a little softer so my spoon can gently cut into it.Tonkatsu ($3.50 HH price) - I'm not a particular big fan of the pork cutlet, but the BF is.  He thought it was pretty good and such a great value that he ordered another!Shishamo ($2.80 HH price, $3.80 reg.) - Grilled smelt fish with smelt eggs - it was okay here.  I've had better.  A bit tough and on the smaller end.Osaka Rice ($4.95 HH price, $6.95 reg.) - "Mixture of sushi rice, crab, masago, yum yum sauce, sesame oil and siracha sauce."  My friend was eating this as she's ordered it before.  It was okay, there wasn't enough taste going on for my preference.  Seafood Salad ($6.95 HH price, $14.95 reg.) - Lots more sunomono in it than I would have preferred.  I usually like my seafood salad to have a more seafood than anything else.If you sit facing the sushi bar, they have a slide show on the computer screens with their different rolls and dishes presented.    Overall, the food here is a bit more expensive than other Japanese restaurants. They are obviously doing okay since this is their second location Late night happy hour is good until 1:45 am!  You can find a 10% coupon on their website too!(Food pics can be found in the business profile!)
4	the greatest thing about this place is that they are consistent. you always know what your going to get. i only know this because i've been a patron for over 5 years. also the staff is always friendly and the restaurant is super clean and comfortable. this place is more of a locals spot which i love. the quality of ingredients is top notch and they have a great late night and happy hour specials. i only wish they had a few options for vegetarians ( but it is a sushi place.. hehe)  other than that i can't think of any complaints.
3	I ordered the usual and customary hamachi sashimi, the dish that sets the bar for me and my sushi adventures.  Well, not the best Hamachi I've had.  It was fresh, but kinda tough, it didn't give me that melt in my mouth kinda feeling I like.  Good portions though.  Kinda expensive.   Fast service.  All in all, just another mediocre experience.  Get your sashimi sushi when you're closer to the ocean.
1	just ate here tonight. this place sucked big time. everything was so soggy! first off the diet coke was flat and too much syrup. my friend ordered the caterpillar roll and the rice was so soggy. i ordered the cali roll and yuck....too much rice vinegar & crappy fake crab meat....the tempura i could not believe they served me what they did.... the tempura was not crispy at all, it was mushy, almost like it wasn't cooked all the way! the oyako donburi was aight but too much rice and not enough chicken! this place is outrageously over rated! will not go back. Brians Beach is da bes if you want fresh ass sushi!
2	It seems a bit harsh to only give osaka two stars but i have to rate it like i tasted it. It was my first visit to osaka having typically only dined at ayce sushi restaurants. I had high hopes considering all of the great reviews i had read. I have to say I was extremely dissappointed! Not only was the sushi just so-so, I ended up spending way more money than I would have at any of the ayce places i frequent. I would have been okay spending the 36 bucks for two rolls and a hand roll if the rolls themselves were delicious. But that was not the case.  My friend ordered the oh my god roll which was decent. As a whole the meal was not up to par. For those people that believe you get better quality from the restaurants that don't have ayce, think again. This place is a perfect example of the opposite.I'll stick with places like Oyshi and sushi mon. Clearly more money doesn't always equal better quality.
1	This is really sad, as Osaka used to be relatively good.  Here, specifically are my issues from my visit last night:1.  WAY too expensive for what you receive.2.  Quality of fish is near rock bottom.  Toro at market price ($24) was not fatty, nor do I suspect, tuna.3. Tako was just chewy rubber4.  It took forever to get a carryout order.  45 minutes to be exact.Sushi Wa is MUCH better.  I think I was spoiled by Yoshida's in San Marino, CA.  Definitely the best
3	I was craving sushi, my fiance was craving teppanayki so Osaka seemed like the perfect place to have both. I liked how they seemed to purposely make sure each teppanyaki party got it's own table and chef. This could have been because they were mostly empty, but I did appreciate having our own table. Sushi was just OK. It was tightly rolled and they had a nice selection, but the negi hama I had was just OK. Not rotten, not super fresh.. just eh. I did love, however, that they offered half rolls. It was great to be able to get some variety. For ~$15 I was able to try 3 1/2 rolls.. this worked out really well. The rolls with all cooked stuff (shrimp tempura, etc) were great.. but that's hard to screw up. Teppanyaki was pretty good. Filet mignon was off the hook - seriously the best steak I've had at a  teppanyaki place..very tender and cooked really well. The chicken, sadly, was random end pieces and not too great. Lots of chewy grisley pieces.. eww. The fried rice and veggies were just average. Overally not a *bad* place , but nothing special. As teppanyaki and sushi are pretty expensive, I'd probably only come back here for the lunch specials. I'm not sure the quality justifies the dinner prices.
3	When craving sushi late in the evening, generally my friends and I head over to Osaka as they have a great happy hour menu available a few hours before they close. Service is consistent prices fair and food is pretty good. I admit though, 9 times out of 10, I am eating here around midnight or 1AM, had a few drinks and just looking to fulfill my sushi craving. So when it comes to eating there during non happy hour time, I can not remark on the quality of food, service or pricing. That my friends, I will leave up to my fellow yelpers. :)
3	I'm not a huge sushi fan but I'd definitely come back here. All the food was extremely fresh and tasty. The prices were a little steep but what good sushi place doesn't charge a little more? We had the Oh My God roll, Roppongi roll, 911 roll, Lychee Sake, Miso Soup, and Unagi. All were great except the unagi in my opinion but I'm not a fan. Everyone else most definitely enjoyed it.The service was good. Nothing out of this world but our server came back and checked on us a few times throughout the meal and did her job. Overall, I'd really give Osaka a 3.5 because of the prices and mediocre service.
3	Love the teppen grill lunch special! Lunch special comes with salad, soup, fried rice, and your choice of chicken or beef all for $8.95! Definately a good cheap lunch and fillllling! As for sushi: MUST HAVE: Roppongi, and Oh My God rolls, they are amazing, other good ones include japanese lasagna and 911 rolls. Sushi can get a little pricey compared to most other places, if you drink definately try the lychee saki! Really good!SIGN UP FOR THEIR EMAIL TO RECEIVE AN INSTANT 10% OFF.  For larger groups definately worth it!
3	We went last night around 11:30pm, and I was pleased as usual. Its a good place to go for late night sushi. We had the Japanese lasagna (one of my favorites), yum yum and spicy tuna. Its not my favorite sushi place, about average on taste and price, but it has convenient hours for the night owls like myself. I would recommend it but don't set your expectations too high on taste. The service however, is always great.
4	This is a nice Japanese restaurant that looks like it caters to Henderson locals.  I'd probably give it 3.5 stars, but rounding up doesn't seem too inaccurate.The ambience is good, but not great.  It's not really great for a romantic night - it's more like a good place for an after work get together.  They have the fake tatami tables, where it looks like you're sitting on the floor with a low table, but the ground is actually hollowed out and you're sitting normally with no shoes.The food was good, but the portions seemed a bit on the small side.  The fish was fresh and service was excellent.One thing that I really liked is that you can get any roll or sushi dish with brown rice.  It's not the greatest thing you'll ever eat, but I sometimes go on strange diets and it's nice to have this as an option.
4	I absolutely LOVE Osaka. My primary reason for dining there is their Teppan Grill. The chefs create a fun, entertaining show while preparing your food in front of you, however you like it prepared. It's great for the kids (and they have a toy filled treasure chest for them to dig into!). Some of the dishes can get just a little bit pricey but you get a TON of items included with your dish. For example, I get the filet mignon ($28) but this includes salad, soup, your entree, appetizer shrimp, rice, veggies AND ice cream! The servers are friendly and they come back often to check on you and fill up your drinks (my pet peeve). Can't afford the dinner time prices? Stop in for lunch from 12-3pm and enjoy your favorites from $8.95!Make sure you sign up for their email club before you go. You'll get a 10% off coupon and also get a VIP Osaka card while your there. You can earn money for future Osaka visits. Enjoy :)
5	This is by far my favorite sushi restaurant in Nevada.  The fish is always the freshest.  The food is just top of the line.  The service is always very good as well.  I remember reading that Osaka in Henderson was on a list of the 50 best sushi restaurants in the world...and the other 49 were in Japan, so that kind of says something right there.  I highly recommend this location.  I was not as crazy about the other locations as they didn't have the same awesome quality of fish and pleasant atmosphere.
3	After a long day of moving in the scorching 110+ degree weather, I decided to reward myself with some Japanese food. A quick Yelp search and Osaka was our choice. We arrived at 5:30 and were immediately seated. What's cool is that they have the traditional Japanese floor seating with an American twist. In an authentic Japanese floor seating, the patrons sit directly on the floor with specific seating styles and arrangements. The one at Osaka had an opening under the table so people could put their legs in it as if sitting at a regular table... Just lowered.... If that made any sense... Haha.The menu was extensive. Did I mention they also have Teppanyaki? We opted for the regular Japanese food. This is what we ordered:Treasure Island Roll: $14.95 Salmon, Capers, Sliced Onion Topped with Hamachi, Thin Sliced Lemon Served with Tataki Sauce, Masago, Scallions -- I think this looked better on the menu than in person. Dont get me wrong, it was good, but not for $15.Hamachi Maki: $8.95 chopped yellow tail, scallions -- For a simple dish, I rather enjoyed it. It wasn't "knock my socks off" kinda dish but I'm a huge Hamachi fan. Would I order again? Possibly if it was a wee bit cheaper. Fire Roll: $5.95 extremely spicy miki special roll -- It was just meh. Just a filler dish for a cheap price.Zaru Soba: $6.95 cold buckwheat noodle w/soba sauce (Substituted with Cold Udon Noodles) -- Very refreshing dish. Its 110+ outside and this cold dish was perfect. It was simple yet delicious.Seafood Okonomiyaki -- I forget what was in this, but it was a wee bit on the sweeter side. I do remember there was lots of shrimp and scallops in it.Overall, I would give this place a 3.5. My iced green tea was always full. Service was outstanding. I would definitely eat here again... but it is on the pricey side.
4	The OhMyGod roll is the best. I've never had anything but terrifice service too!!  Hands down my fav sushi spot I've found so far.
2	Went here with friends because I wanted sushi & my friend from the wretched said Osaka was having some great deal. Well that great deal was only for the westside location so overpriced for what we ordered. I had one sushi roll which was ok but no better than nearby places without teppan that charge less. Two of them said their meal was good, but considered fair by the person who granted is the pickiest & also was paying the bill.
2	I have been here twice, and Osaka does not stand out when I try to think about a sensational Japanese restaurant in Vegas. There are three requirements which I look for in a restaurant; service, deals, and food quality. I would not suggest Osaka as a place to go catch up with friends, because you will end up leaving frustrated. The service was lacking. We came around lunch, and it was quiet, yet we were missing many basic essentials such as plates when our appetizers had come out and drinks were not refilled regularly. The food was decent, but nothing particularly special. I ordered the lunch bento box with broiled unagi and grilled salmon. My salmon was on the dry side and I had to douse it in lemon juice and toss it in the excess miso dressing from my salad. The unagi was delicious, but it was the most anorexic eel I have ever eaten. It was mostly skin, but that was cooked beautifully with a nice crunch. It came with rice, a salad, two pieces of gyoza, and two pieces of California roll for 15 dollars. This was a decent price, but I was left underwhelmed. I was looking at their lunch special which gave you a choice of one main for 8 bucks. Maybe that would be classified as a deal, if someone tries it, please write if it is worth giving Osaka another chance.
4	Great teppanyaki for the Green Valley/Anthem area
5	Ummmm...my mouth is watering just thinking of the Kai's special roll. My family enjoys a dinner here almost weekly. The fish is always fresh and when we walk in the staff knows to bring us our large hot sake and beer order without having to even ask. I always bring visiting friends and local friends in and not one person hasn't enjoyed the yummy sushi. We do tend to stick to rolls but I've had shabu shabu once and it was darn good too. I tried almost all the well known sushi places along eastern ave and this is hands down my fav!
4	Usually eat at the Osaka on W Sahara, but I love the idea of live music. Most Sushi places are into crazy Japanese dance music or some rap/R&B. Osaka plays jazz, it is such a cool chilled vibe. I want to linger and drink. Other sushi places make me feel like I need to be grinding up against the sushi chef and slip dollar bills in the hostesses bra. One bit of disclosure, the murals of the jazz artists, on the wall, were done by a friend of mine. Must visit. AYCE? No. Fresh fish? Yes!
4	Being fairly new to the Henderson area from San Diego and having a new baby at home, we don't get out much. But my wife and I brought our 4 1/2 month old son to Osaka last night to enjoy a hibachi steak and watch the show... The staff was wonderfully accommodating and the food was excellent! I recommend adding the calimari steak appetizer to your meal... It was delicious! Overall, it was a great atmosphere. My wife and I will definitely be dining here many more times!
4	Since there's a lot of sushi/Japanese restaurants to choose from in the valley, why not go to one that's closest to authenticity and has been established for quite sometime?In my opinion, I think this place is pretty much the OG of Japanese restaurants in the Valley and that the other Japanese restaurants try to imitate Osaka. Every time I come here, service from the hostess, to the busser, server, chefs are all real nice. Service might be a bit slow at times but that's compensated with their food.There's a lot to choose from in their menu, prices are comparable and I'd say overall quality is between "good" and "best." You must try the Tempura Bam; I don't think I've ever had tempura shrimp prepared this way anywhere. The tofu is decent; The sauce was a little too ginger tasting for my taste but I would order this again. (just don't expect their tofu to be like Rakus...:P)The okonomiyaki is alright; I thought there was too much scallops for my taste and I wasn't a big fan of the sauce they used--it was on the sweeter side. They don't oversaturate their teriyaki dishes with sauce and their sauce isn't that nasty, sticky sweet either. Lastly, their fish. Their fish is real tasty; one of the freshest in the valley. Their ama ebi is so so good; it's plump and tastes as if it came right out of the sea. One of the sushi chef's introduced my fiance and me to their white tuna....and now I crave it because their white tuna is so fresh, and buttery. They prepare their rolls well; they don't over stuff their rolls with rice like other places do. There isn't a roll that particularly stands out to me because they're all pretty much freakin' awesome. Another nice touch to the Eastern location is how you might get the chance to hear a pianist play in their restaurant! :) Music here seriously makes this Japanese restaurant stand out from the rest since a lot of them either don't play music or just play top 40 crap on a digital radio station. If you can't already tell, Osaka is definitely one of my go-to sushi/Japanese restaurants in the Valley.
4	My family loves Osaka but mainly we love Angie. She always makes us feel at home.
2	Went here after skimming the Desert Magazine and reading how this place offers a cheap late-night dining menu. I was intrigued by the $5 ramen and the inexpensive sushi rolls.The good:-There is a wide variety of items offered on the late-night menu, most under/at $5 and all under $10. Things like tempura, skewers, and edamame.-They also offer their regular menu this late.-They are open till 2am every day.The bad:-The service was SLOW. The people were nice and they got our drinks to us early, but then disappeared for a while before taking our food order. And then it took us at least 30 min to get our food. The place wasn't packed and there seemed to be enough staff to handle the current crowd.-Even though the list of sushi rolls on the late-night menu were around $4-$11, they were only HALF rolls.The food was just ok, and I feel like if I had paid more for it, then I wouldn't have enjoyed the food as much. Maybe I should come back and try the regular menu items? I'm not sure if I would be willing to, but for the convenience of their business hours, I might stop by again if I want some sushi at 1am.
4	This is one of those hidden gems of Las Vegas.   We have been eating there for a few years now and have never been disappointed. We have always had terrific service and great food.  The tempura soft shell appetizer is huge and always delivers in taste.  A goofy name, but the sauce on the Sassy Roll is addicting.   The tuna is buttery and the teriyaki steak is mouth watering. I try one different thing each time I go along with my standards and some are hits and some miss. Not because they aren't prepared properly or freshness, only because it's not to my taste like the whole scallop. There is a reason seafood places only serve the meaty white part of the scallop.  It's probably a delicacy to some, but not for me.  All the rolls I've had have been excellent! Very consistent in service and quality.  We go early with our kids and they eat great and love sitting with their shoes off at the low tables.   Would recommend for anyone who likes good sushi moderately priced with excellent service.
4	Love the tatami seating, great sushi, delicious teppanyaki
5	My favorite place to go when eating sushi with the family. I usually try to go during lunchtime because dinner can get pretty busy. The servers are nice and attentive. It's my go-to place for a nice lunch, and sometimes dinner, with the family,P.S. It's not just the sushi that's good. Curries, udon, etc. Delicious. :)
3	Good Food. Strange Service.  Ok when we walked in it was 2 pm not a optimal time..  We asked for hibachi.  They told us it was closed.  I could see people sitting so i was confused.  they sat us at a table and gave us sushi menus.  I ask the waitress(new person) for real menus since we wanted hibachi.  She got us up from the table and said its open did we want to go there...  we all looked at each other like oman worried...  these folks need to work on service bad.  The hibachi shrimp and chicken with fried rice was good..  I would look for a more together place.
5	I can't believe some of the reviews here. "Not a place to catch up with friends" ? No, really ? "I usually eat AYCE crap sushi, I can't believe this place is not what my refined palate expected". "I expected a great deal and was shocked at the bill because I don't know how to read a menu". "I expected super fancy sushi from my BENTO BOX !".Granted, if the place is packed, service can be somewhat slow when you sit a a table (hint: sit at the sushi bar). I have been here many, many times, and have yet to find fault with the quality of product they put out. The layered flavors of the different rolls are better than any other place I've tried in Vegas, and I tried lots. Try the White Tiger roll, Tokyo Express, Roppongi or Treasure Island, and check the specials board or ask the sushi chef for recommendations.
1	I didn't like Osaka at all! Service was horrible, we had to ask the waitress twice to get our drinks and the shrimp and fish weren't fresh.  I also didn't like that they do not have AYCE. Our rolls were okay, I would never go here again!!!
4	First time to this place. the food is good. service was fine. It will definitely go into my rotation of sushi bars
5	Haters can hate but EVERY SINGLE TIME i have been here, it's been great. I remember the first time i ever went was back in like 2002, I saw Mr. Miyagi there on his BIRTHDAY!!! SO COOL!!!!anyways... go there for HAPPY HOUR!!! Half-rolls, half-price+Sake= HEAVEN
3	While the sushi in this spot doesn't hold a candle to I Love Sushi or Sushi Fever, the service and half rolls make up for it overall. I consistently have a great service experience here and have never had to wait for a table. Plus, there is very little bullsh$t at the sushi bar which is sometimes appreciated on a "school" night. The Hibachi is another story altogether, it is a tasty affair and the shrimp dish is some of the best I've ever had! Most certainly worth a visit!
3	Still the spot for late night sushi! The ambiance is nice and its rarely crowded. The servers are attentive and the food is good. Their specialty rolls are better than their standard rolls. Once again I don't go their for the fresh rolls, not many great options in that category. However its still the 1st place we head after 11pm when the craving hits.
5	My bf and I ate here on tuesday night, and it was awesome!! It always is.
3	We usually come to osaka during lunch for happy hour since its about $4-7 per order of sushi. What we usually order are: Tiger Roll: it has a little kick of spice-ness to it & I am not a fan of it because i dont really enjoy spicy food. Yum Yum: PlainJapanese Lasagna: one of my personal favorites, it has a a melted cream cheese on top of it & i love it. Shrimp Fried Rice: I had better fried rice. The service is consistent each time I have been there and the servers always seem nice.
4	Found this restaurant a few years ago when I moved to this area of town. I'm glad to have found a Japanese restaurant actually owned by Japanese! Most of the Japanese places here in Vegas are run by Koreans, which I can't complain about, but I like the authenticity of REAL Japanese food like my mom makes! :) Osaka was also the first Japanese owned restaurant in Vegas!I love the late night menu. Since Osaka is open until 2am and I'm up late, it works perfect for me! The late night menu is large with great prices! Half size/priced suchi rolls, low priced apps, and great drink specials as well! Some of my favorite items are: udon, zaru soba, shabu shabu, katsudon, katsu kare, and their selection of fish! Their soups and sauces are very good and similar to how my mom makes!The sushi chefs are very nice, friendly and Japanese. They are great at recommending menu items and love how creative they are. They feature teppanyaki (table grilling) and tatami tables by request and live music certain days of the week.
4	Have probably eaten here 30 times. It's definitely the best sushi in the area and its very affordable.  It's way better than all the all you can eat places nearby and will cost maybe $10 more.  The raw fish here is always fresh and high quality.  I would reccomend the sushi, tiger roll, kalbi rib appetizer and the black forrest cake.  Also the lunch special is a great deal would recommend checking it out.
5	We've been here so many times and will always come back. The Okamaiesama Roll is the BEST. The sauce is what makes this roll.  We feel so special every time we go there because they know us by name and they give us that VIP treatment every time. The Specials at the late hour is awesome - I highly recommend it.
1	Never been here but this place was on the " dirty diner report" on the channel 13 news tonight.
5	This is the best sushi restaurant in the Las Vegas area, and I make it a point to eat here at least twice whenever I am in Las Vegas!
3	Warning: this review might be a little partial since I just has the regular Japanese food and didn't eat sushi.So we got here at around 7pm on a Sunday and was expecting someone to greet and sit us. We probably waited for about 5 minutes before someone came out and brought us to our table. There wasn't much customers that time too. Probably 1/4 of the tables or not even were occupied.  So we ordered asparagus wrapped in beef and another one that I totally forgot. The appetizers were okay but something that we may never order again (hopefully we remember not to order it again). I had the sukiyaki for my main entree and my bf had a curry over rice. They were both delicious and flavorful. Maybe we will go back to Osaka to try their sushi dishes next time.
3	You get what you pay for.  That's my motto when it comes to Osaka.  One of the few places that serve 1/2 rolls which is a plus.  Price is another plus (one of the cheapest in town).  Quality is not the best, but not the worst.  My friends tell me that this place has the freshest sushi. I think my issue is because I frequent this place only during the late nights. I think the earliest I've been here was 11 PM. I don't think it's the freshest, but again probably because I come so late. Service is good and I can't complain about that.  With a ton of sushi restaurants in Vegas, this place gets only 3 stars from me.  Btw, don't get their calamari either.  Pretty much a fried mistake.
5	Always looking for a good Teppenyaki place in town and always drove by Osaka.  Took my family (including 2 kids) this evening and had a fantastic experience!  Delicious food and entertaining chefs.  A little pricey, but less expensive than Benihana and others.  They have a Karate Kids meal for a lower price which was perfect for my 8 and 12 year olds.  Green tea ice cream was a refreshing end to the evening.  Logged on to their website and signed up for their mailing list to receive a 10% coupon which I used for this visit.  Good stuff!
4	Had lunch with a friend today and asked to sit at the grill!  Today's review is inspired by my fellow Yelper Nelson Q:L)ow lighting in the back area for an intimate setting one on oneO)nly $10.95 for the Teppan chicken lunch special!  Steal :-)V)entilation above all grills = no burning eyes or smokey clothesE)veryone sits around the grill.  Makes for random conversation and new friends!!T)he fried rice was good, just a little burnt pieces of rice and eggE)ach course uses a lot of oil, butter and sauces, be advised!P)resentation of the meal was excellent!  So entertainingP)roper service from the staff.  Everyone was so accommodatingA)nnoying little girl at my table; little rude to the chef; super disappointingN)o need for the sauces given to you in the beginning.  The food is super flavorfulY)akitori style chicken was excellent!  Garlic flavored, sweet and savory at the same timeA)ssortment of vegetables to go along with your meal; sauced up nicely!K)ind of my first time doing this...ok it IS my first Teppanyaki experience.I)n the end, sooooo worth the money!Well I tried do the acronyms justice.  One things for sure, definitely need to try this experience.  Super cool!
4	Always enjoy sushi here.
5	This is probably almost my 10th time coming here.. It is awesome... Customer service is great and pleasant, the food comes out pretty fast, if you don't have a big party, lol.. Their food is DELICIOUS!!!!  The lighting and environment here is relaxing..My family always comes here for family dinners.. loove the shirley temple drink wit the marichino cherries... :) their desserts are great. Haven't tried all of them. The deep fried ice cream, the deep fried bananas, one of the frozen fruit desserts. Can't remember the name.. But they give you the level of sweetness of the dessert. Overall i love this place and so does my family!!! :)
3	Miso Ramen is just ok. Sashimi and Roll combo is just ok.Good service :-)
2	Was excited to go for a nice night out for Father's Day. Had 7:30pm reservations for the table cook. Arrived 10 mins early, 40 minutes later we were finally seated and the restaurant was not that busy. Once we finally sat at the cook top, we waited another 20 minutes before any order was taken. I ordered a few pieces of sushi and when it finally arrived, the pieces were very small, about half the size of normal servings, going back and reading other reviews, that seems to be a common comment. Thankfully the rest of the dinner service was good and entertaining so our evening wasn't totally ruined but due to their poor service quality, I can't recommend this location to anyone.
5	If you enjoy Sushi or Teppan style dining - you MUST visit Osaka.  For years I've gone to the orgininal one on Sahara - but I live closer to the new one on Eastern.  The food is fresh and wonderful and they have half orders on the sushi rolls so 2 people can try a bigger variety.  The Teppan grill is also delicious and entertaing.  Leave room for dessert because the fried oreos are to die for!
4	I didnt even like or eat sushi before i had it here, now i bring a date every week, Thank you Chef's
5	Went here the other day for lunch, and it was amazing ! My mother and I are Japanese, and have been looking everywhere for a GOOD real Japanese place to eat and we finally found it at Osaka.The staff is very friendly and they also spoke Japanese as well which was a plus, we were able to order food speaking our native tongue. We ordered some sushi and the fish tasted nice and fresh. They also make a delicious cucumber salad.They have a good selection of desserts as well, I was surprised to see red bean ice cream on the list it is one of my faves!  The mother ordered green tea tiramisu which was also very delicious! Gotta say I am picky when it comes to eating " Japanese" food in America but Osaka was great, with good prices as well ! I would recommend it to everyone! Cant wait to go back and try eating at the Teppan syle.
4	I recommend this to anyone visiting or living in Vegas.  The dishes are great and happy hour keeps you coming back for more and if you are lucky, you might get to hear some Jazz!
5	Sit at the bar and ask for Shu. He makes the best sushi I ever had. The rice doesn't fall out when you try and eat it. Ask for the fresh wasabi too, so much better then the paste. Great quality fish and a huge selection.
2	Honestly, I expected more from this establishment. Maybe it was just my visit (it was my first), but first impressions are everything for me. Service is great here, comfortable atmosphere and theme. We sat at the tappan tables... It felt like there was no air conditioning in that back room. I ordered Japanese scallop sushi when i ordered my drink because I love it, it was very good! The other sushi rolls we had were pretty good, interesting custom rolls. I got the chicken and filet mignon habachi and shared with my wife. Chicken and steak were average for upper medium scale Japanese bistro, but they completely lost me with the sauces. Call me traditional, but I like a ginger vinaigrette and yum yum sauce, they serve some strange tasting sauce that is an awful yum yum imposter next to an OKAY ginger sauce. When I asked for some yum yum sauce, it was basically Japanese mayo with a tad bit of sweet something. Not the yum yum I was hoping for. Like I said, the sauces are make or break for me. If you want REAL amazing habachi, place downtown called Mosashi (sp?) Tiger is the owner and a chef and the food, sauces and service are superb. No wonder when we always go there somone famous is dining with us. All in all, I would not revisit this restaurant unless I had a 50% coupon and a free pedicure.
2	Nothing excited me here.  The soup just tastes like soy sauce. Teppanyaki... Ribeye was tough. A good amount of fat in the cut which I like. The service was good.  I am very specific on how I like things cooked.  No sesame seeds, no soy sauce, extra butter.  The chef happily accommodated me.  I have frequented this place in the past.  However after today I probably would not go out of my way.  I could name two other teppanyaki places that I like better.
3	I wanted to love this place because it is so close to home, but nothing special. Everything...chicken bowl, 777, Kai special roll, miso soup was just okay.
4	Osaka is many good things: 1. a sushi restaurant with a wide variety of fish. When you go into most neighborhood sushi joints, they have the chalkboard specials. Unfortunately, whenever I ask for the more high-end stuff off the chalkboard, NOBODY has it! One waiter at a not-to-be-named sushi joint actually laughed when I asked for the Bluefin. I said, "it's on the specials," and he said, "oh, we never have that." (?!?) Not so at Osaka! Just last night I was offered Bluefin, otoro, and chutoro (sp?). We had the bluefine and the cheaper of the toros (can't remember which). Both were delish!2. A great sake bar. Seriously, I bet they have 40 different sakes on their menu, one to fit every price point. We had a $19 bottle of cold "mountain man" last night. Good not great, but I like trying things out.3. A reasonably-priced teppanyaki joint. The chefs do all the standbys (smiley face, fire, peeing man to put out the fire, onion volcano, etc etc....) which my 2 year old loved! It's at least 2 meals worth and they have all kinds of options. I got the chicken ($19), and my husband had the NY and lobster ($35, I think).4. A tatami room. Actually, I have no idea what that is or what they serve, but I see people taking off their shoes to sit there.5. In my neighborhood!
5	This place is awesome for several reasons.  One the food is amazing.  The fried rice is the best.  Two the cook/entertainers are friendly and funny.  If you have kids, this is a great place to take them for a family dinner night as they will love watching them make the dinner.
3	The past couple times I have noticed new chefs.  Our server was very nice, attentive and always talked the boys into getting more sake. I frequent teppanyaki so I swear I have the biggest collection of onion volcano photos.  This chef placed his flame up high and it ignited an arms length above then flamed downward into the onions, which I thought was cool and different.   He cooked so quickly.  The onions were his only show. I only had time to take photos and next thing I knew all the food was cooked.  The vegetables were onion, broccoli, zucchini (partially charred), and mushroom.  Two shrimp for appetizer, did not taste fresh.  My filet mignon was nice and tender with a good amount of garlic and butter, good flavor.
3	TIP: Food and drink specials from 10pm-2am!The best time to come to Osaka is between 10pm-2am.  Any other time, it's just mediocre, and I'd recommend I Love Sushi or Sushi Mon over Osaka.  But if you're coming here for late night eats, it's pretty sweet.  It's cheap, with orders ranging anywhere from $3 to $12.  They have a wide selection from their specials menu, which includes poke, appetizers, sushi rolls, beer, and sake, among other things.  The sushi is okay--it's not the freshest around, but it doesn't taste fishy either; so it's good for the price.  The appetizers are good.  I enjoy the poke and the different salad options.  The sake and beer are always staples.  It's surprising, but it DOES get a little crowded for midnight eats in Henderson.  There's no wait or anything, but yeah, a bit of a shocker that there were so many people!
5	Go here all the time. Especially for the late night menu. It is a cozy atmosphere and always something new to try. Depends on the server,  but sometimes it's great or slow. But besides that it's fun and always changing while keeping the classics.
5	My husband and I decided to take the kids to dinner one night. First time trying this place, although we've been in the neighborhood for years. We sat at the teppan grill, and it was awesome . Our chef was the highlight of the night.... Lots of props and kept us laughing. He had us catch shrimp in our mouths and even had a cheech and Chong pic. Food was really good! We agreed that it was the best filet we've had. Service was great... We will definitely be back!
5	Excellent service from the time we sat down until we left. Food was excellent without being way large a portion.  Very enjoyable evening. The kids love the hibachi style and the friendly chefs.
5	One of my favorite restaurants!The service is great and I love the atmosphere, there's art hanging on the walls and jazz playing in the background.Last time I went there, I ordered the Titanic, which is a variety of sashimi and rolls. The fish was amazingly fresh and all of the rolls were handcrafted! It was something that I definitely recommend, if you are in a large group.
5	Love this place! Friendly staff and great food. I've never had a bad meal here. The Virgin Roll is my absolute favorite! We also love the live music!
1	I love Osaka. I've always had positive experiences here. The food is great, atmosphere is awesome and the customer service is suburb. Tonight was a different story. Prior to ordering, a person sitting next to me (by the grill) had a cockroach crawling on her arm from off of the table. After this, I will NEVER EVER eat here again. Unbelievable.
5	We are regular customers of Osaka Japanese Bistro on Eastern in Henderson NV, we saw they has a special Groupon for Teppanyaki for four. We decided why not? It was FANTASTIC the food was excellent ,Sake was warm and delicious , Asahi (Japanese Beer for those who don't know) was cold and crisp. Our Teppan Chef was hilarious and attentive to every detail. He engaged my 13 yr old daughter in a witty banter and had her as his foil. She enjoyed the show and food tremendously. My husband and her salmon was cooked to perfection, our Japanese fried rice was light and extremely delicious. My rib eye was rare perfectly cooked and expertly seasoned. We had sushi and sashimi for appetizers all were excellent and fresh. Definately an experience we will seek to duplicate in the future! I highly recommend Osaka, the staff are well versed and polite and the food is divine. Live Jazz on Thursday also!!
4	I love the tappenyaki dinners there. The sushi is always fresh alittle expensive but worth the quality.  Definitely a recommend go to place.  I am happy to know they are using group on know to help make it alittle more affordable.
4	Been hitting up Osaka Henderson for over 10 years now!  You won't find a much bigger menu, it's rediculous.  This is my dependable go-to japanese that never does me wrong.My faves:-Kickass Tempura -Salmon Sashimi is always on point!-Teppan Grill is TOPS-BOMB house chicken soup-Not a big roll guy, so I can't comment on that.Can be a little pricey, especially for you "all you can shove" lovers.Staff is super friendly.  Worst part of the restaurant is the strange wind vacuum opening the front door.
1	We are regulars here. On may 2. 2014  our usual party of five showed up for my sons birthday. Now we love eating here but as we were seated in the back at the teppan table a large cockroach crawled out from the side of the grill and headed toward my daughter....the manager just smiled said he would kill it and moved us to the next table! No offers of any kind followed! This was disgusting and will surely end our  twice monthly dinners there-gross!!!
4	4 stars b/c I wish they were AYCEOsaka's is one of the original sushi joints in Las Vegas. Their rolls are very delicious but they do get costly b/c they don't offer all you can eat. When my bf and I go here our bill is usually $100+. Osaka's is good if you don't want to be gluttonous.
4	Food was great. Our chef Joe Hibachi was hilarious. A little pricier than other tepan grills.
5	5 stars because this place was wonderful! Our server was phenomenal and the food was better than Benihana's! The manager came by our table and was so friendly. He stopped and talked to us for a little bit before checking with other tables.  We will definitely be returning :)
5	I love their calamari grill, kampachi, the quality of their tuna is the best in Vegas!
2	The reason why I'm giving them 2 stars is because the food was just as good as usual but service wise I would love to not even give them stars (I know that you can't possibly give a place 0 stars)...Normally service isn't incredibly fast here so it's not like I came here expecting a quick meal...but tonight we came to celebrate my dad's birthday and we are going on almost 2 hours of being here...our server doesn't seem to have many tables yet appears to not know how to be efficient at his job...it took over 6 minutes to receive our beverages....over 15 min to order our food....food took a little longer than usual for delivery...and we had to have a completely different person bring us a dessert menu and take our dessert order because our server was no where to be found....I usually like to support what seems to be local business....but it's hard to be supportive when their own service team seems not to care about valuing their patrons' time....Looks like it'll be a while before I decide to return here!
3	Pocket of aces is delicious. Now with that said, that was the only dish we enjoyed. It's open until 2am which is great for late night sushi. And they have late night specials. Maybe it was the sushi chef we had, not sure. Last, the mochi ice cream wasn't good. How is that possible, right?! It was crumbley.  :-/ not going back anytime soon.
2	Welllll, I have tell you-10 years ago loved coming here. I just find it generic. The menu is out of control. Do not bring non foodies with- they will loose their mind...as I did with the boring sashimi.  Everyone else had sukiyaki and complained about how amazing tempura is/was...yeah, this place is bunk. Best o luck...going to momo!!! Hhhhhhhhway!
4	I typically come for the late night happy hour menu, 10p-2a. Half size/half price rolls, and specials on their tempura and seafood, other appetizers, and sake specials. Can't beat that!
5	The late night happy hour is NOT to be missed! The Japanese Lasagna is gooey-NOM-NOM and the Oh My God is a favorite as well. Can't go wrong on that menu!
3	Went here with a groupon discount and had Zach as our tepanyaki chef. Very nice guy. Overall, not a bad experience -- but there were a few things about the place that made me question it's direction. Staff is dressed nicely but offered nothing more than just average service. The only person that was personable was of course, the chef. But the menu was made out of laminated paper in a ringed binder (though the binder was personalized, the quality was not much better than a regular binder you would use at an office). There were so many options of drinks, smoothies, sushi , and combinations of plates that it was a tad bit overwhelming. Later, we found out the desserts had its own menu. There were paintings of what looked like jazz singers on the wall of the tepanyaki section which kind of confused us as the rest of the theme was Japanese. The sushi we had was so-so quality. I've been to a handful of hibachi places numerous times and this is not at all the worst I've seen.I would kindly recommend a more consistent theme throughout, a little more focus on the ambiance, customer service, and quality of food. But overall -- it was filling and the prices were great.
5	Delicious rolls! My favorite is the "Oh! Kamisama". My boyfriend and I keep coming back, we love Osakas!
4	Everything we had was so tasty and delish! The servers and sushi chefs were all very nice. Great Sushi spot
3	Been coming here for many years....  Our family prefers TEPPANYAKI and there are many varieties -combinations to choose from. Quick service and very clean. Quality is good, my husband always orders sushi too and he's never complained. Do recommend it for family gatherings with children, as the chef always "performs" while cooking and it is entertaining as well.
5	My mom and I just ordered dinner via Bite Squad from Osaka. We loved everything about the meal. First, the presentation of the food was impressive. Even though it was a to-go order, it was still presented nicely as though we were served at the restaurant. The food was very fresh and we ate everything. When there are no leftovers that's a compliment! Also, even though I didn't ask for utensils, I appreciated that there was some in the bag, as well as extra soy sauce and plenty of napkins. It is so annoying when you place a to-go order and there's no utensils or napkins in the bag. Thanks to Osaka for going above and beyond and for utilizing Bite Squad as their delivery service. We will definitely order from you again! :-D
1	My husband and I were very disappointed in the service we received here. We are huge fans of Samurai (on sunset and marks) and had heard that Osaka was very similar. It being closer to our house, we decided it was worth a try and regretted it greatly. We waited in the front to be seated for 20 minutes. There was nobody else waiting and no staff member at the hostess stand. My husband had to go into the dining area 3 times to get someone's attention. There were maybe 4 other groups in the entire restaurant so there so no reason for such negligence. Once we were seated we continuously had to flag down staff members so that we could place our order, then once the food finally came it was subpar. As if that wasn't bad enough, they are incredibly costly. I don't mind paying a lot  for good food and good service but this was not deserving of it's price tag in the slightest. No plans of every returning to this disappointing establishment.
3	Great food, awesome teppanyaki chef, but ridiculously unacceptable wait time despite making a reservation. I made a 5:30 reservation to host a birthday and the ONE chef on duty could not make it to our table until 6:50! Don't do this to your customers...it makes them not want to return. I would have left had it not been a birthday and involved so many other guests who made arrangements to be there. Wretched wait. Out Chef, Jon, was the best. I totally acknowledge his skill, humor, and entertainment...in essence, he saved the night for us there.
1	My companion raved about this restaurant for quite some time.  She raved about the quality of the food and service.  I decided to try this joint and not upset her.  For a eating establishment I should write about the food but I couldn't.  Once we were seated I noticed a strong smell of urine at our table.  I discovered the smell came from the seat cushion I was sitting on.  After I moved the cushion away the offending smell still linger in my nostrils.  My companion beg me not to make an issue out of it. I complied. I recalled ordering my food but I couldn't tell if it tasted good or bad.  I lost my appetite. I can't believe the cleaning staff didn't noticed it.  I know I won't go back to this joint and my companion will have to bear with my objection for a second visit.
4	Great late night menu ! "Screaming O" is Fantastic & the Hot Green tea is my favorite (nice matcha green fine powder). I'm a hard critic & I would recommend this place. Always friendly staff & the artsy entry w/ piano is a bonus :)
