4	Jack in my crack, my long lost friend.  Finding you was like seeing an oasis in the desert.  We got off the plane, and while i picked up the rental car, we also used the free wi-fi at the rental car terminal to find the nearest JITB.  This was it.  1 ultimate breakfast sandwich, 1 99 cent chicken sandwich and a shared order of egg rolls later, we were ready to take on the world!  We actually hit 4 different JITB's over the course of 4 days.  Service was fine at all, food outstanding.  Jack, If only you would open one in Nebraska, please!!!
2	Damnit In-N-Out, why the hell did you have to be a madhouse? Then Lisa informs me I went to the busiest In-N-Out in the company. Well shoot. Jack in the Box here we come. Chicken Fajita Pita Chocolate Shake.Bathroom that was actually clean (but I caught the guy in the middle of cleaning it) Next to the gas station.Damnit.I said I would pay. For Nikki's food and the gas.Why do I turn into Mrs. Money Bags Mcgee when I go to Vegas? *grumble, grumble, grumble*
3	It was okay. A lot of variety though but I can't tell the difference because it's ANOTHER CHAIN fast food joint like McDonalds... Burger NOT bad but nothing too OUT THERE memorable either.
1	Why must this restaurant so notoriously SUCK?! With the exception of a few of these franchises, this corporation has got their big round ugly Jack-in-the-Box heads up their butts. Usually stinky lobbies with bad service and way over-priced food that tastes like they dug it out of the trash bin out back in the alley. At this particular Trop location, I ordered some fish with fries... what did I get? 3 triangles of frozen fish pieces thrown into a fryer and then loosely tossed into a carton that could hold 6 pieces, and a serving of burnt soggy fries slopped onto the tray with no napkins and no ketchup. One of the reasons this dump bothers me is because the company's commercials have that nitwit 'Jack' with his ever-annoying voice trying to act 'funny' while he tells us how cool and hip he is with his 'low-prices', 'good deals', and 'great food'. What can you say about a company that raises the price of a small cup of coffee to $1.81? The 99-cent cup of coffee should never change - even during a recession. They should give a little back to the patrons whom have made them the conglomerate they are. But nooo!.... make that extra buck, that extra quarter, that extra nickel, Jack-in-the-Box. Don't take a small loss or break even for 6 months. Well, I guess they WANTED me to avoid their restaurants in the future, because that's what I do now. Oh look! There's a McDonald's! Let's go!
1	I will edit/elaborate soon.5 minutes to get our order taken (only people waiting to order)Food was bland.Dead cockroach on table next to us.
2	This 2 star review is  based on this particular location, not JITB in general.  I have recently moved near this Jack so it was probably my 3rd time visiting and before today I would of given this location a couple more stars perhaps, but definitely negative stars for my experience today. I have only been through the drive thru so I cannot comment on anything inside, but  the previous couple times have been your standard drive thru experience, nothing amazing, but nothing to gripe about until today. There were 3 cars in line total including me when I ordered, so I would say it was not busy.  I asked the lady for a Big chicken sandwich combo (this was a request from my sister, I was actually going to 7-11 to get a drink next door, but figured I'd just get it there since they have 1.00 all size drinks now).  Anyway so I was asked what size and then I remembered she wanted no mayo so I asked for no mayo on the sandwich. Again I was asked what size, so I wasn't quite sure if she heard the request, but I thought I'd catch it on the readback, so I said small fry large coke (because of the 1.00 special).  After that the screen flashed 4.31 and that was it.  No readback, no pull up to the window, no asking if i wanted anything else ( I did). I sat there for at least 30 seconds waiting for something, but after it was clear nothing was coming I said, hello? and I was told to pull up to the window.  I asked the guy handing me my drink(a small drink btw) what her name was, and he started asking why I wanted to know. I told him because she was rude. He was nice enough to want to fix whatever was wrong but I was mad and just wanted to get the hell out of there. I did ask for him to make sure there was no mayo on the sandwich because it wasn't for me and at least I could have it right and I left. If the food was for me and not my sister I would of just drove on through hungry because I don't know if I've ever been that miffed in a drive thru.
3	I've been to this Jack in the Box on several occasions. There really isn't anything distinct about it. The service has been standard on every occasion that I have visited via the drive thru and I have no qualms about stopping here again if I'm in the area.
4	Last week, Jack in the Box had a free chicken nuggets promo around here. Since I'm a fan of free food, I went to many locations. This one in particular doesn't seem to have good service, but they were the only one that asked me what kind of dipping sauce I wanted. Even though the honey mustard ended up being awful, I appreciate the service. By the way, the drive-thru was a lot faster than the inside for some reason.
1	Are you kidding me? My first time back to jack in the box in a long time and guess what? They messed up the order, AGAIN!Went in for a quick snack, ordered our food and didn't have to wait too long for our order to arrive. As the expediter person was reading off what was in the bag, they realized they forgot an order of hash browns, which was readily fixed. Heading home, we divvied up the food and realized they forgot my main sandwich. I called, now 7-10 minutes after we had left the restaurant and the lady who answered the phone said, "Oh that's where this sandwich was supposed to go, they just handed it to me." Are you kidding me? As soon as I hung up the call, realized they made my wife's sandwich wrong too. They were not busy at all, there is no excuse for this many mistakes, except for incompetence.
1	Food items forgotten in drive through
3	This review is a based on a very strong 2 or weak 3, however you want to take it.Service is hit or miss with this location. Problems I have experienced with this location are as follows:*Very Slow Service*Rude Staff*Messed up ordersI can almost tolerate rude employees at a fast food joint because they aren't paid very well and have to deal with a wide array of people. It's a tough job.But with that said, at least get my order correct. If I place a simple order for myself, it will almost always be correct. If I place a large order for me to take home to family for dinner, it is almost always wrong.Let's admit, most of do fast food drive thru because of the convenience factor. So, with that being said, we are most times in a rush to do something else besides wait on our food or wait on the 2 cars in front of you getting their food. I love Jack. But this location can definitely improve in some areas.
4	I know, it's Jack in the Box. But, I do, on occasion stop by this particular Jack in the Box on my way home from work. Sure, it's fast food, but when I need a meal and I'm feeling particularly mayonnaise-y Jack in the Box is the answer. I've never been in the actual dining area. I have only ever been through the drive-thru.The reason for 4 stars is because of the quickness and ALWAYS happy drive-thru order takers. I am not sure what this Jack in the Box is doing that is making their employees so happy, but they're doing something right.Overall - food, is fast food. You know, it's okay and it's there and it's cheap. But service is fantastic.
2	This jack in the box always messes up a simple order of putting cheese on sandwiches that you ask for no cheese.. A few times I have ordered a breakfast platter and they ask just sausage or bacon or both? I simple say both.. And they don't put any bacon in the platter.. The food is great the service is horrible .. It was funny I called it out to myself that my order was going to be messed up because the person taking my order was laughing before she said welcome to jack in the box would you like to try the breakfast burrito.. This store gets 2 stars for service and 10 for good food! Just make sure you check what's in your bag before you go home !!!!!
5	Here's why this place gets 5 stars from mew:CHARLENE!!!!!She is truly terrific and has an award-winning smile!  Special requests don't "bother" her one bit, and she is one of the very few fast-food workers to whom I have given a TIP.Two other outstanding employees are Pola and Ermisa.I really enjoy stopping here and almost always use the drive-thru.
