3	Pretty much everything you'd expect from a Pizza Express - decent service, a good Rose at a sensible price and very nice pizzas. The air con was on rather ferociously on my visit but otherwise I've no complaints and could well be making more use of this branch as it's nice and handy for the office.
3	Modern setting for the chain pizza outlet. Hard walls and virtually no soft furninshings meant lots of noise bouncing around the place, so be prepared for some raised voices....Late evening visit, seated at rear of the restaurant - you pass the service area at one side to pass through which to me is not ideal. Busy tables, but good service from staff who knew their stuff! Usual menu, pretty quick service as you might expect, and a clean and efficient set up. 'Very' city centre location should mean it will be a busy place. Get one of the online vouchers for one of their offers and this is a worthwhile 'easy' meal. Recommended.
4	Yes, this is another branch of Pizza Express to grace Edinburgh. But, unlike the sigh I exhale from seeing another McDonalds or Starbucks open, Pizza Express is a chain I rejoice in seeing spread.There is no denying that the pizzas they make are top notch and with a few peronis and some good company you can't do much better in terms of pizza and beer.I emphasise the pizza and beer though, as this is the focal point of dining here.This particular branch is new and snazzy and has a convenient location just off the royal mile.
3	My boyfriend and I love to take advantage of Orange Wednesday's, especially when budgeting, so we decided to try out this new branch of Pizza Express. A piece of advice: if you ever go to any Pizza Express on a Wednesday be sure to go before or after prime eating time (between 7-9pm) as it seems to get crazy full with young teens and other movie goers. Anyway we came here at about 6.30 and it was pretty empty. The service was fine although the girl got really confused about the 241 dinner deal Orange has- she had to go and ask her supervisor. The food was good as usual, and the window seats are ideal for people watching. It's quite a large place so great if you have a larger crowd of people. They took a while to bring our bill- think it was a technical glitch. Other than this, our food was delicious and I quite liked the funky layout of the place. As far as chains goes,  I quite enjoyed this one and would come back again.
5	Pizza Express deliver exactly what they promise on the menu:Great dough balls covered in warm butterGreat caesar salad with lovely anchovies and parmesan shavingsGreat pizza with a deliciously thin, bubbly crustGreat fresh ingredients packed with flavour Great lemonade with a powerful acidity& Great ice-creamTo top it off, the staff at this branch restored our faith in customer service by delivering the food on time and with genuine smiles. The sunny table and mellow music was just an added bonus.
3	This place is decent , no surprises. Nice decor, very clean, nice menu.  We ordered a margherita romana and a regular americana.  Both were good.  The margherita could stand to be a little more flavourful but still good.  The service was decent. For dessert we had doughballs with nutella and it tasted well like doughballs with nutella :)If you are in the mood for a quick bite/ pizza and don't want to hit a high end italian restaurant, please skip the fast food places and go to pizza express.  We also saw a bunch of high chairs so it looks to be family friendly.
2	I wanted to give Pizza Express the benefit of doubt and walked over last night. The pizza itself was decent at best with a watered down sauce and too many herbs. The service was barely passable - I waited 5+ minutes at a time to get a drink and had 3 different people by the time it was said and done. The dough balls with Nutella was the only redeeming factor.
5	I simply love Pizza Express. there's not one thing on the menu which I wouldn't like. My favorite at the moment is Da Morire (which means 'to die for'). They also do great salads and pasta. The only thing missing is steak I think. I am signed up with my email address and they always send me vouchers, without them the place might be a bit pricey. Its a great place to take kids for lunch, they have piccolo menu for about 7 pounds (dough balls, small salad, pizza or pasta, dessert and a little frothy milk), kids just love it.Always feel very welcome there. Recommended!
4	I received a free trail for a Taste card that allows for 2-4-1 or 50% off meals for a variety of chain restaurants across the UK. Pizza Express is one of the restaurants included in this scheme. I'm normally hesitant on going to chain restaurants because I prefer supporting local businesses but it was Thursday and my partner and I decided to take advantage of the 2-4-1 deal. This location is always busy and it looks nice from the outside. Inside it's fairly modern. We had a cheesy garlic bread to start and both had pizzas off the 'romana' menu. Our pizzas were pretty tasty and overall it was a good experience. It's centrally located and with the Taste card it makes for a really inexpensive date/meal/catch up.
4	My family and I had lunch at Pizza Express on August 5, 2013 following a tour at Edinburgh Castle.I'd have to say I really liked the pizza and I would go there again if I am ever in Edinburgh again.Food:  4/5 StarsI ordered the Pomodoro pizza and it was delicious.  It was like a Naples style and I'd order it again.  My hubby and son ordered a pepperoni pizza.  The three of us ate every last piece of those three pizzas.Service:  4/5 StarsOur waiter was very good and the pizzas were served quickly.  I did ask for a "To Go" menu when I left and they did not have any.  That would have been nice to have to give to a friend.Ambiance:  4/5 StarsI liked it.  It was modern, nicely decorated and clean.  I wouldn't take a date there for dinner, but it's a great place for lunch.Parking:  2/5 StarsGood luck with that.  Thankfully, we had a deluxe coach coming to pick us up so that wasn't an issue.  I don't know where everyone else parks.  The traffic seems pretty awful heading up to Castle Hill too.
3	Quick & efficient service but very noisy. You know what you're getting for you buck & the food is consistent.
