4	Bloomfield ShurSave is just your typical dumpy supermarket, which means you can find lots of food for decent prices.  The produce here is surprisingly fresh, which is nice.
3	It's basically the only grocery store in Bloomfield.  We call it Shur-Ghetto.  Don't buy produce here, i've gone wrong with it before, try the italian market down on Liberty for fresh produce, or even the market district giant eagle.  ShurSave is good for the basics, and the occasional awesome special.
1	I don't know how this nice neighborhood got such an awful store. But it's very sad.  If you can't shop elsewhere for groceries, eat at a restaurent. It's dirty, the isles are crowded, and the food is very poor quality. The board of health suggested I shop at another store because this one has so many problems.
1	If you're going to buy food here you might as well just go to the Sunoco gas station up the street: it's cleaner and there are less creepshows loitering around the entrance. I know this is unlikely, but there's so much debris on the floor /piles of boxes stacked everywhere that I feel like if someone wandered by me with a live goat in tow I wouldn't be surprised at all. I'd be like, "Hey, take that goat some place more sanitary, like a farm or landfill." (I've heard goats eat garbage?)If you like food (even a little bit) do not walk down their produce isle. It will give you nightmares. It's scarier than the place in the Strip that shrink-wraps all their fruits and vegetables (I have no idea why they do this but it's gross).The shelves are generally half-empty and the merch they do have is stuff you don't need--think sardines packed in tomato sauce and jars of marshmallow fluff. To be fair, they're really inexpensive. Their sale flyers have led me to believe that their target demographic lives exclusively off of the cheapest processed foods known to man: pop-tarts, Kraft mac and cheese, peanut butter and $1 loaves of white bread. Round out the picture with a staff that looks so downtrodden they could be living in 1950's Russia and you know what it's like to go shopping at the Bloomfield ShurSave.
4	Stopped in here because I happened to be in Bloomfield and their ad showed that cereal and apples were cheaper here than at Giant Eagle.I liked it.  They sell groceries.  They don't do any more or less than they need to.  It's all very straightforward and quick to go in, get what you want, and get out.  Reminiscent of the grocery stores my parents shopped at when I was a kid, which is not at all a bad thing.  I didn't check out the other produce, but the bagged apples were nice, fresh, and great quality.  The store seemed clean to me, but I grew up going to Asian food stores that were genuinely dirty, so maybe it's all relative.  Also, it was probably entirely obvious to the staff that I'm not a regular there, but they seemed very nice to me.If you need special ingredients or a wide selection of products, this probably isn't the store for you.  But if you want normal food at good prices, it's a good place. :)
4	It's fine, I give the produce an 8, and the prices are a bit better than other super markets. And I have no problem finding basic ingredients for a meal from scratch and fresh. I don't know so much about "packaged food", 'cause I don't buy it.As for some of the other reviews... I just can understand some people. A box of whatever is somehow more crappy than the one at Giant Eagle because there are boxes in the isle?  if produce in plastic wrap gives you nightmares, I just don't know what to say... Therapy maybe?  It's a neighborhood market. duh?
4	Why did I avoid going here for so long? Perhaps I was mesmerized by the glitz and glam of the Market District Giant Eagle or the foodiness of shopping in the Strip District. But sometimes, kids, you just want a box of dried pasta and some sauce or some meat and produce with no expert foodie pretension... and change for your hard-earned dollar.ShurSave is the basics with no frills. Come for the groceries, leave the "experience" to other places.
5	Shur Save looks kind of sketchy on the outside, but it's perfectly clean on the inside.  It sells regular groceries at decent prices.  I've bought their meat, produce, and bakery items as well, and everything was a lovely quality.  I'll never understand why everyone spends twice as much money just to shop at Giant Eagle.
1	This supermaket is the second in the triumvirate of 3 awful supermarkets in Pittsburgh who all want to claim the title for most depressing piece of dirt old broke supermaket in the world.. The other 2 being the Giant Eagle on Cedar ave on the north side and the Giant Eagle on Shakespeare Street in East Liberty.  ShurSave is dimly lit, grimey and they will crank out the most depressing hits of the 80's over the loudspeaker. Our cashier had a giant stain on his shirt. It is run down and bleak inside. Stay away.
4	I don't see nuthin' wroooong...with a little ShurSave. Seriously, Darren and Maher are right -- ShurSave is all the basic groceries, sans frills. If you're looking for organic what-have-you and prepared sushi, head down to Whole Foods. If you're looking for great prices on milk, creamer, chicken, dog food, cereal, toilet paper -- heck, even Brussels sprouts -- come to ShurSave! The parking lot isn't really sketchy. The bag boys often hang out in front on their break, but they're perfectly harmless. People are here just tryin' to get their groceries, man! I have to come clean to you, Yelpers, about one thing: I do call this my "juggalo grocery store", because it's the one spot in the city where I can consistently find Faygo Red Pop and Tang drink mix. I love both of those things, so don't misinterpret me. I'm not hating! Oh, it's also, oddly enough, the nearest grocery store to me that I always find Raechel Ray's dog food in (no meat byproducts and no corn!). Gotta feed the puppy well, too!All in all, ShurSave saves you time (no wandering around a ginormous store), money (no unnecessary, fancy shmancy ish to fill up a ton of space -- just the basics, ma'am), and headaches (see above)! Oh, just go get some dang groceries and see for yourself. :)
5	Have you seen the Shursave lately . New parking lot lights. Brighter store lights inside . New sliced to order on all deli meats and cheeses  even super sale items . A ton of grocery items on sale items . Produce is delivered daily from the strip . New gluten free items . More changes and impovements coming . Have a complaint or a suggestion  stop in and ask for Tony and we will try to fix it .   Come on in and check us out .
3	I have shopped here off and on, all my life-- I've seen this store's ups and downs. This store did have a number of years where it was very run down and pretty grime-y and creepy, but I think it has really improved in the past 2 years or so. The produce section has made tremendous improvements, especially. This is just an affordable place to get some simple groceries. You won't find much fancy-dancy stuff here, just the basics. But they do have soymilk and almond milk and a lot of different yogurts, it's not like there is no variety, there is a little. However the days of it being dimly-lit and cringe-worthy seem to be gone, give it a try and save money! (One thing that IS still scary is their "clearance rack" on wheels, of old produce and baked goods-- that is a stale, scary mold festival, right there! But the regular shelves and coolers-- everything is fine, I've seen no problems.) Also they limit you to 5 of the same coupon per day, which I think is sad and that they should change. But hey, give it a try, you might find it's just fine and much more cost effective than some other shops.
3	The groceries are priced near those offered by Giant Eagle (if not a little more). The quality of groceries and meats is also in the region of the general Giant Eagles (with the Market District Giant Eagle having a significantly larger selection). I wouldn't consider the basics to be a bargain by any margin. Sans sales, the prices I've seen at Target (in East Liberty) are generally lower than ShurSave. I'd also recommend Groceria Italiana a few blocks down for quality deli meats at low prices. I think the best bargains here are the items that are on promotion. I was able to find items such as body wash at prices below what I usually pay while it was on promotion. Unfortunately, it's a hassle for me to stop by ShurSave just for promotions. If you live nearby, then ShurSave is a great resource as a convenience store when you're in a pinch.
4	It's just a nice, well-lit neighborhood grocer with friendly employees. I'm not sure why there's hate for the place. I had no problems with it.
2	I'm sorry to crap on this place, but when I lived down the road I stopped in here once and refused to go back. I assumed by the looks of it and what I heard from friends that most items were cheaper than giant eagle, but I found quite the opposite. The selection wasn't good, the actual building is pretty run down, and the prices of most items were actually higher than other grocery stores in the area. I'd recommend stopping over at giant eagle or Aldi instead.
3	This store is fine if you only need to pick up a few items.  This is not a Super-ShurSave. They don't have aisles that endlessly go on and on.The only complaint that I have is their produce section.I am very very picky about produces freshness.  I am a bargain shopper, but will go to Giant Eagle Market District afor my fruits and vegetables and that is where I will pay extra.
