5	The hubs and I went here a few weeks ago looking for an entertainment center. We ended up leaving with out an entertainment center but a brand new sectional instead! The hubs and I had no plans to buy, but when we saw the sectional we both stopped dead in our tracks. We never agree on anything when it comes to decor so we knew we had to buy, but we weren't a fan of the color or material. Oscar helped us out. We got to custom order a couch with out paying anything additional!!! How rad is that! The Roomstore lets you change out fabrics and even switch out pillow patterns. Only bummer is since its custom we have to wait 6-8 weeks. But that's ok, we will wait! Thanks to Oscar for not only helping us out but not hovering over us like a vulture like some furniture stores do!
4	Whenver we need new furniture and or bedroom set we always go to the Roomstore !When we lived in Surprise 2003 ( New Home ) we went to the 59th & Bell location in Glendale and bought us new furniture for the living room.No hassles ! Easy Financing ! Stress Free Home Delivery !Next, we bought us a nice bedroom set which came with the queen size bed, headboard, dresser, end tables and lamps all for a great price.  No hassles ! Easy Financing ! Stress Free Home Delivery !When we moved out of Surprise in 2006 and back into Phoenix ( ASU West Area ) I told my wife that since I just got my big screen TV she can now have her nice big dining room table since the house we moved into has a much larger dining room.No hassles ! Easy Financing ! Stree Free Home Delivery !Later on, the queen size bed became too small for our to use due to kids and pets LOL so we put that queen size set in the guest bedroom and went to 35th Ave & Northern location and bought us a king size bed and  everything that goes with it.AGAIN, No hassles ! Easy Financing ! Stree Free Home Delivery !The Roomstore has great furniture.  Decent prices. Quick home delivery and for the most part they let you shop and browse with-out being hassled by the salesperson.The Roomstore is ideal for bulk furniture and or large purchases its not ideal for a la carte such as just buying a couch.
5	They're very friendly and more than happy to help you with anything you need but is not just because it's their job, it's pricy but worth the money. Weather it's getting start with a new home or just wanted to make some changes and upgrade furnitures, this is the place to check out. Recommended. Will be backs
1	I've bought furniture at this particular location with my partner in the past and our experience overall was really nice. This time with the Salesman Robin and this particular RoomStore location, things went downhill after the sale was made. The communication with this store was awful! Robin gave us his cell phone number so we could call him directly but didn't answer and his voicemail was full. Texting was also futile. Please be aware of the 5 day rule at all locations!! You have 5 days from the time your furniture is delivered and if you notice something on day 5 like we did you will get a store credit not your money back. Because we bought so much they gave us free furniture that they took of the bill first? I don't like writing negative reviews on companies, I just don't want someone to be caught up in the BS that Robin and the girls at the front desk will do. If we called them to ask about something like our dining room table (that came in pieces and then when it wouldn't fit together they went back to the 5 day rule of when they brought 2 chairs and the base but nothing else for 2 months) they wouldn't call back and we would call again. When we talked with them they they were always calling us! When we called to ask we would get the run around until we spoke to the manager and Corporate. They took things much more seriously. Robin told my partner that he doesn't get paid till we receive our full order, like that should help us feel better. We have to use the store credit so hopefully the Scottsdale store has better customer service.
1	If I could give ZERO stars I would!!!!!On March 31st, we purchased our couch. Our experience at the store was easy and our sales person seemed knowledgeable. We found a sectional that we liked and were able to customize it for ONLY a $100 more.  Our sales person told us that we would have the couch within 4-6 weeks. After about 3 weeks I called the store to ask for the status of our couch. This is when all the problems started. The store was unable to find our purchase. After a few hours of searching they were able to locate our order. They had the order under the wrong name and the contact phone number was transposed. That is when I started asking questions. They informed me that it was their error and they would update our information. At that same time I was told that our couch would be in their store the week of June 22nd.The following week I then called to check the status again. This was my first contact with Ricky (the store manager). He told me that it was his first day at that location and to please go easy on him. I simply asked for an update on our couch. That is when he told me that I was given the wrong information about when the couch was to arrive. He told me that my couch was not even going into production until July 8th. I asked if there was a way to expedite the order? I was told no.On July 8th, I contacted Ricky to get an update and he told me that the couch was in production and it would be on a truck by the end of the week. I then called Tim in their customer service department to ask if there was anything they could do to expedite our order so we could get the couch in the time they had promised. He informed me that he was unable to do anything but provided me with the regional managers contact information.I contacted Mike Norris with their corporate headquarters and left a message on July 14th to discuss the situation with my couch. That same day I also contacted the store to find out the status of my couch and was told by Ricky that the couch was on a truck and was on its way to the store. I asked Ricky where the couch was coming from so I could get an approximate date of arrival. Ricky told me that the couch was coming from CA and he wasn't sure where. Another lie. With trying to reach Mike Norris I was having zero luck. I then contacted Tim in customer service again on July 15th to find out if he could provide me with more information. That is when he informed me that my couch was NOT on a truck and they were hoping to get it on the following day! Another lie!On July 16th, I was finally able to reach Mike Norris and I told him of the entire situation. He apologized to me and told me that my couch was on a truck and he would further investigate all of the issues. I NEVER heard back from him. I have left several messages since. On July 18th, Ricky contacted me at 10:30 AM and asked if I would like the couch on a same day delivery... I said ABSOLUTELY! He told me that the couch would be on the truck that was departing at 4:00 PM and that the driver would call one hour in advance. I was so excited. They were finally going to do something right. At 8:00 PM I had not heard from the delivery truck drivers so I contacted the store. That is when I was told my couch was NOT on the truck. The store manager at that time again apologized and said she would have Ricky call me first thing in the morning.The following morning I did not receive a call, but my other half did. The store had left a message telling us that our couch was not going to be delivered until we paid the final balance. We were pissed. Why had no one told us that prior? They had 6 1/2 weeks to get it. We were also told by our sales person on day of purchase that we did not have to pay in full and could pay the remainder of the balance at delivery! Another lie. I contacted Ricky and was infuriated! After many choice words with him, we were told that because we had chose to customize/special order for our couch we would not receive a refund. We ended up paying the remaining balance and was told again the couch would be there after 4:00 PM with an hour call ahead. At about 1:30 PM we received a call that our couch was 20-30 mins out. The delivery driver came to our home and dropped off our couch. Out of curiosity we asked if he had just picked up the couch. Turns out our couch was on the morning delivery truck the entire time. Another lie!From this experience, I will NEVER purchase thru the room store AGAIN and would highly suggest no one else do the same. If you are looking for a headache free company do not buy through them. Also, if you are looking for a company that won't feed you lies, do not go to them! Worst customer service ever!!!!!!!!!
4	Furniture that is good, stylish and a good price. Also liked the helpful staff. If you're in North Phoenix, start here. Don't waste your gas driving all over town. The store is set in a Strip mall that doesn't look so great but don't pass the Room Store. It's a good furniture/ bed store.
1	One star, simply because you HAVE to give them one star. THREE months my couch has been broken, with a bad motor so the recliner is in FULL UPRIGHT POSITION in my living room.  Isn't that classy? Nothing like having company over. "Hey, Bill, why don't you have a seat in the fully extended couch recliner we have here? Oh - you noticed it when you slammed your shin into it earlier?"Yes - THREE MONTHS! Took a month to get a tech out. Then TWO MONTHS to get the part. THEN, they made an appointment to fix it FINALLY and then at 8am on a Sunday morning, we get a recording that our tech has been cancelled. We rearranged our whole weekend, and this.  If you want to spend months and months in frustration with a broken piece of furniture in your living room, offering you the joy of the daily reminder that you spent your money at the wrong place, your choice is easy! Enjoy the Room Store's Customer Service plan. Guaranteed to bring you anger and disdain for months at a time.So -sadly, my problem with The Room Store has not been resolved. They banned me from commenting on their Facebook page, and now my wife as well. They don't answer the phone when we call. All we want is for them to honor the extended warranty we paid for. They apparently have no desire to do so.I wouldn't buy anything from this store for any reason ever, ever again.  I will, however, shake my fist with disdain in their general direction whenever I see their crappy sign.
