5	I seriously can't believe no one has reviewed Buck's yet.  Buck's pizza is my all-time favorite thin crust pizza ever.  The sauce is just right, they cut the pizza into little squares, and the crust is crackery and crisp.It's take-out only, but they deliver.  This was my favorite pizza as a kid, and my parents favorite pizza when they were kids.  Now that the west side location has moved to University Ave, and like 2 blocks from my house, it's going to be hard to resist the temptation to eat it daily.
4	Do you know why Buck's is the best pizza in Madison? Because the original owner brought the recipe from the heart of the Pizza Belt...Racine! What is the Pizza Belt? It is the area from Chicago north to Milwaukee where the Italian mafia laundered their monies by opening up pizzarias along the Lake Michigan coast. The best thin crust pizzas in the world can be found in places like Racine, Waukegan, Kenosha, etc. My fave is Wells Bros. in Racine. Anyway, Bucks is the closest thing to one of the Pizza Belt pizza's!
1	Gotta agree with Kelli H.   Bucks Pizza used to be really good.  Now it's borderline terrible.   Don't bother with it.
5	BUCKS is hands down the most delectable addictive amazingly priced pizza anywhere!!  Once you try this perfect thin crust wonder, you will be hooked. There are simply no negatives i can say except i wish there were more locations.  Absolute sheer perfection. trust me.
2	This particular Bucks seems to be hit or miss. The pizzas are always cooked fast, but the quality seems to vary quite a bit. Decent pizza if you're looking for thin crust, take out only--they have no seating and do not deliver.
5	best pizza i've had in madison so far (but I've only been here 3 months, so give me some time if you don't agree..)delicious! got a large pizza for around $10 as take out. best thin crust i've had in a while.kind of a hole in the wall, but totally worth it. just too bad they don't open up until 4pm. there has already been a few times since we've gotten their pizza that we've wanted it but it's not open yet, so we choose somewhere else instead of waiting. those, indeed, are sad days!
5	Best Pizza Ever. You have to pick it up though. Its worth the drive. Thin crust cut in squares. Best freakin' sauce....mmmmm...........Buck's....mmmmm......
5	Bucks is my favorite pizza place in town.  To like Bucks you must like Racine style pizza(thiiiiinnnnn crust and cheap).  I like that Bucks dosent waste their money on niceties like pizza boxes, delivery, or operating out of somewhere other than an old defunct car wash. they focus on their pizza instead, and they do pizza very well.
5	I've been eating pizza from Buck's for over 20 years now. And it's still that damn good!As Timothy pointed out, they don't waste their effort on promoting an image. Instead, they are all about their pizza.They made me a fan of the square cut. Who really wants a large ring or dry crust on the outside of their pizza anyway? It's just unused landscape for toppings.I have yet to have a better thin crust anywhere in Wisconsin.  This place is well worth a trip for some carry-out.
5	Buck's is our go-to pizza place in Madison.  Super thin crust that is simply delicious.  No frills (no seating), just fast, good, tasty pizza.  Good price too.  We are never disappointed.
5	Buck's is my favorite pizza.  Ever.  Fortunately, we live a block away and can walk down whenever we want, which is often.  This is thin crust, no-frills pizza.  It is sold out of what used to be a car wash, next to a VFW that has Happy Hour from 10 a.m. to 6 p.m. (support our troops!).  There is no seating; pizza is take out only.  They even sell cans of pop!  I love cans of pop, because I drink soda about once every two months and don't need a bucket of it.  Sometimes when I drive by, I think Buck's has gone out of business.  But then I call and they answer, and everything is okay.  Buck's is perfect for a night in.  Order it if you don't want to fill up on bready crust.  My boyfriend and I split a large pizza (no, we aren't obese), so order a few if you are dining with friends.  They don't have extras like bread sticks, etc, but they will make you a pizza without sauce, which I call cheese bread and dip in sauce.
2	Eh.  Their pizza is ok.  I bought a Madison Perks deal and took a chance to try them out.  The crust is incredibly thin.  I am not a huge eater and I ate half of their large before I got full.  Their sizes are not generously portioned out.  Their largest pizza is still pretty small.  We paid a bit extra for more toppings.  I got my usual sausage and green pepper.  I had one or two sausages on each square.  More like one on each truthfully.  It was very "chintzy" for lack of a better term.  I want to like them more, but they are just sub-par.  The only reason I did not give them a one, because the pizza was decent.  It tasted ok.  Nothing stood out to me.  I appreciated that they put the pizza in the paper bags.  It seals up the heat allowing you to get a better product home.  Thank you Buck's for the bag pizza.  Unfortunately, I will not be back again.
3	Pizza in a bag! Yes! Who doesn't like a steam filled bag holding in all the awesomeness that your pizza contains. You don't have to worry about this pizza getting cold on the ride home.This is a small pizza shack (kind of a hole in the wall) with excellent square cut sliced pizza. I used a Groupon the first time I went which included a six pack of soda (cans). One of the better Groupons I've purchased. Now that I've had their pizza a few times I can genuinely say it's not too bad. It's a great change of pace to the usual triangle sliced pizza in a box, and I appreciate that.I wish the they put more cheese and toppings on. It seems rather cheap, so for that they got demoted to 3 stars instead of 4. The thin style crust was nothing special, it was crust dusted with corn starch. So yeah....Definitely not the worst pizza for take out on the east side of Madison, but not the best.As for pricing, I would suggest looking for a coupon or Groupon. The pizza is not really worth what they are asking for full price.
4	Nothing fancy about this place. Just good old-fashioned thin crust pizza. Take-out only. And you can buy a bag of fresh pizza dough for a dollar.
5	Best pizza I've found in Madison.  I love thin crust and this is thin and crispy!  Not fancy gourmet,  but delicious pizza!  Great deals online,  $5 off 2 large and the guys that are usually working are pretty chill.  Save your receipts for even more savings! Glad I found this place,  reminds me of pizza back home even the bags they come in!
