5	A breath of fresh air! I was coming in as a new patient to this office for my well woman. Yes, we all hate them, but everyone needs them,,,,, kind of like brussels sprouts :) The receptionist who booked my appointment was very friendly & accommodating, as was the lady at the front desk when I arrived & the nurse who took me back to the exam room. Apparently they never got the memo that the norm now is to act as though you're doing the patient a favor, lol! I was seen by RNP Eileen M. Mccormick. She had a wonderful bedside manner. She took the time to look over all the paperwork that I had filled out in the lobby. She asked me questions. She was friendly & relaxed & had a kind disposition, all things which put me at ease & made an uncomfortable experience as comfortable as it will probably ever be. In one word, she's awesome :)The professionalism & warmth displayed by every person I came into contact with at this office made it an all around great experience!
5	I have no problem not going back to see a doctor, so when I say I've been going here for years, it means something.Dr. Teresa Malcolm is my OB/GYN and I started seeing her for my regular annual visits.  She helped treat me when I was struggling with infertility.  She referred my husband and I to a fertility specialist who was successful.  Now I am seeing Dr. Malcolm pregnant with twins.  She is great.  Down to earth, caring and of course, a mom herself. Recently I had to see another doctor in the practice, since Dr. Malcolm was on call that day. I saw Dr. Fara.  He is excellent too.  Sociable and concerned, despite me not being one of "his" patients.I live in the West Valley, so driving to the North West Valley is a trek for me, but the quality of care and of service from the ENTIRE staff is so excellent, they are worth the trip in my opinion.
5	Been going here about 6years now. I love it... Am sad i only get 2 go once a year lol. I LOVEE Janelle. Shes such a nice person and good doc. The staff is great, the nurse meg always returns my calls. I love the fact they have a blood lab in the office  I would recommend this place to anyone!:)
