5	EXCELLENT TRIP TO THE SPA!!!!! A trip to the Aji Spa (located at the Sheraton Wildhorse Pass Resort and Spa) was at the top of my list during my recent trip to Arizona on Memorial Day Weekend. We made our reservations well in advance. Having gone to a few spa resorts, I couldn't wait to pay this one a visit. My cousin and I were each booked for the Little Yellow Bird spa package, which was comprised of 2 services each. We arrived about 15 minutes prior to our appointment time and was given a tour of the spa. After changing in the women's locker room, and relaxing in the private women's lounge area (there's a large lounge area, but it's co-ed), our masseuses met us and brought us into our room. My cousin and I decided for our first service to be the Companion Massage. After only having solo massages, I was interested how a companion massage differed. The 50 minute Aji Massage flew by. My masseuse was professional and the massage given was very comfortable, relaxing and beneficial. After our massages were completed, we had some time in between our next service, feeling a little hungry, we decided to grab some lunch from the spa's cafe. I ordered the flatbread pizza and it was TO DIE FOR! Seeded flatbread topped off with a garlic peppery aioli, grilled chicken pieces, pesto sauce, marinated bell peppers, melted cheese and avocado. My visit was a month and a half ago and my memory, a little fuzzy, but that was one of the best lunches I've had in a long time!! After lunch sometime, we each were up for our second service, our facials!!! Due to my skin type, I received the Aji Rain Facial. My esthetician was wonderful! Her hands were soft and gentle while working on my face and we had some lovely conversation during the 50 minute procedure. I left that room with my face feeling renewed, clean and fresh!All spa treatments include full use of the spa's facilities so we definitely made well use of that! After our facials, we used the sauna (the steam room was out of service during our visit) and whirlpools located on the women's locker side. We then relaxed and lounged by the outside pool. The Aji Spa is such a calm, warm and relaxing environment that I ended up taking a nap! Outside! In desert heat! Thank goodness for the wooden awning with misters attached and the huge patio umbrellas providing shade! The staff at the spa provided excellent service! From the front desk, to our masseuse, the esthetician, the cafe staff and the locker room attendant! While napping, one of the staff from the cafe even brought us iced water with lemon and cucumber slices in it!Our appointment started at 12pm and with our 2 procedures, and lunch, we should have been done and out of there within a few hours. But the point of visiting the spa was to relax, and with Aji Spa being such a lovely place, we just didn't want to leave!  We finally left nearly 8 hours after our arrival, and we would have stayed longer if we could! I highly recommend Aji Spa to anyone visiting the Phoenix area, or if you're looking for a new spa to travel to! Aji Spa is a beautiful spa with excellent staff and service. They even emailed me the same day of my service as a "Thank You" for visiting and included a discount coupon on my next visit! A 5-star spa, indeed!
5	Summer special- buy one service and second service is half price.   I went with three friends for the first time.   I don't know how it is we never went before?   We go to spas often.   This is right near where I live and seems to be a "secret".    The facility is quite frankly, fabulous.   It is unique since they stay true to the Native American culture in all they do.   I had a custom facial with Portia.   I like this since I know the aestitician certainly knows better what my skin needs than me just randomly picking a facial.   It was wonderful.  We had lunch in the spa.   The chef cooks each persons lunch to order.   The food was very different and we all really liked what we ordered.   After lunch I had a massage with Kelly.   Once again, it was just great.   After our spa services, we got a golf cart ride over to the pool so we could go down the giant slide into the swimming pool.   We had a ball.   This is our new local spa destinaiton.  We will never go back to any of our old haunts.
5	A few years ago my husband bought me a gift certificate for this spa. Oh my god - it was the most beautiful spa I had ever went to! I had a facial and a massage. In addition to that - I got unlimited day usage of their spa stuff! They had a beautiful locker room that had a sauna and jacuzzi in it. An secluded area where you could lay outside - naked! They also had a huge pool out behind the spa where you could just layout and be lazy. Oh- also they had some sitting rooms with magazines, fire places -oh my goodness. It was awesome! AND - the prices weren't that high compared to other spa's in the valley. Check it out if you can!
4	The Aji Spa, at the Shereton Wild Horse Pass, has a wonderful setting going for it.  The Spa itself is relaxing and not stuffy.   This Spa can be pricey -- even in the realm of resort Spas - but it doesn't have to be.  Check their Internet specials.  I just took advantage of their Recession Spa package - 25 minute facial, 25 minute massage, 25 minute manacure, 25 minute pedicure , plus lunch is included- all for a weekday price of $199 (weekend prices are $250 for the package).
5	Wild Horse Pass is a great getaway from the city and their Aji Spa is a welcome, serene setting.   I've been here many times and found the staff, the design and layout, the pools, the locker rooms - all to be exceptional!   Make it a point to go when it is warm enough outside to enjoy the pool & jacuzzi and then order food from the Aji Cafe, and yes, they serve alcohol!
5	Life can be stressful and it is good to know that places like Aji Spa exist to quiet your mind and be pampered. I have only been to one spa before this in Santa Cruz, so this is not a spa girl gone wild review. I walked in and was pleasantly greeted by a nice gentleman with a soothing voice. A woman came over to show me the amenities, provide a locker and the coziest warmest softest bathrobe I have ever worn. Before my massage, I sat in a cozy room with a beautiful adobe fireplace where I listened to peaceful flute music and drank cucumber water. The room was so peaceful that I felt relaxed before I had the massage. There was another woman also waiting in the room, but the place is big enough for two or three to sit and not have to talk to each other. (I personally don't like chit chat before a rub down.) I had a 50 minute massage from a lovely gentle giant. He layed hot towels over my back and feet during the massage, and applied perfect pressure. I was in heaven the entire time. The pool was closed the day I was there, so I hung out in the hot tub most of the time. There was one in door and one outdoor hot tub. Both of them were lovely. The inside tub could most likely seat about five comfortably. There was a large bowl next to the hot tub filled with iced washcloths to place over your eyes - they had cucumbers in them - really interesting for someone not used to this treatment. (no - I didn't eat them!)I tried the steam room and the sauna but just am too immature for this stuff. I felt like I couldn't breath in the sauna and I couldn't focus my eyes in the steam room. Both rooms seemed like they would be nice experiences for those who like this sort of thing. I would go back again all the time if I was a millionaire, but my peasant salary only allows me such experiences about once a year.
4	Like Sandy, I love this place! Hard to believe such an amazing place is hidden off the I-10 but once you find it, you will be in awe! Follow the signs past the casino to Aji Spa. I have been many times for the "day pass" where I think you pay $40.00? to just use the steam room, the whirlpool, lay out in the sun and swim in the pool. They have a women's pool and a coed pool. They told me clothes were optional but why am I ALWAYS the only naked woman?? Anyway, their facility is clean, private, relaxing and professional. They have great product in the showers-shampoo and conditioner are actually really good. They sell many spa products in the gift shop. I like going for the seasonal treatments like around winter time they start offering cranberry body scrubs and some pumpkin pumice foot massage with your pedi. Oh my gosh! That's what I call Autumn! I can say I have never really seen it get too occupied which is good but it also lends to the feeling of uncomfortable-ness (is that a word) in the locker room. I noticed most women in there are a little older and maybe not regular spa goers. Hence the "why am I the only naked person"? Oh well, aside from that, love it and love the helpers and staff!
5	I've been to a few spas across the spectrum of spas, cheap to expensive, and this one tops the lot. The staff there are very nice and accommodating. They make you feel very welcome there. My husband and I went for our anniversary.We both had a very thorough and amazing massage. Making use of the jacuzzi area before and after was a real treat. I indulged in the 'go nude' option there and it was very nice. I only saw a couple of other customers while I was there and then only briefly. I loved the lemonade with agave nectar and cucumber water. Very refreshing after a soak in the whirlpool. I only wish I was wealthy so I could afford to do this regularly!
5	Most beautiful spa I've been to!  Loved every moment of it - except that the day went by too fast.  All the employees are so customer service oriented.  The place is beautiful.  Hope I get the chance to spend the day at Aji Spa again someday!
5	I had a very relaxing time at the Aji Spa. Normally resort spas are a little too expensive for me, but I got a special off TravelZoo for a massage and champagne lunch. When you arrive and check in, the spa locker room attendant escorts you to the locker room and shows you where everything is, they assign you a locker and provide you with a nice cozy robe and slippers. The locker room is really nice and has everything you need (towels, soap, shampoo, conditioner, razors, shaving cream, hairdryer, lotion, etc.) which was good since all I brought with me was my swim suit. The showers are nice and spacious. The locker room attendants are great, there are always towels available and they even have ice cold towels to put on your head when you use the jacuzzi.My massage was very good. Much better than the usual ones that I get at my local massage envy. If they have more specials, I would like to go back and try a spa facial or one of their other treatments. The lunch included was from the Cafe at the spa and I had the flat bread pizza which was really yummy. I think the nice thing about the Aji Spa is that you can stay and use the spa amenities. They have a sauna, a steam room, jacuzzis, and an outdoor swimming pool. The spa is separated from the resort/hotel part so there are no kids at the spa pool so it's quiet. We were lucky it was a beautiful warm day out so it was perfect for laying out by the pool. I think we spent about 4 hours at the spa just relaxing.
5	This is my favorite "special occasion" spa. It's too expensive to go to on a regular basis, but when you have friends in town or are planning a spa day with friends, this is my favorite resort spa in town. Here is why this one is special:- The experience begins as you drive down the windy road with a serene desert vista. No houses or businesses to be seen. - Because this spa is owned by Native Americans, their spa treatments have a NA theme to them. They use special products and techniques that are unique to their culture. -The atmosphere is fantastic. Flute music playing, ice water with  strawberries served, nice couches to sit on, and a great little spa store.-My favorite person to request is Belen.  In addition to being a massage therapist, she is a healer and provides great insight as she works on you. She suggested I do a cleanse, which I did, and the results were remarkable. -Getting a treatment here is expensive, but worth it. You need to plan to spend the day there. If you get a treatment you can use their facilities which include a steam room, jacuzzi, workout room, sitting by the pool, and walking around the property.-I'm not wild about the menu they have at the spa for lunch, but it's not bad. Enjoy!
5	My friend and I bought a Groupon for this place, I probably never would have discovered it otherwise.Expensive, but worth every penny.The purchase of one service gives you total access to all the other amenities. Fitness center, sauna, steam room, pool, and both the indoor and outdoor jacuzzis. As well as their lush locker room w/ showers and anything you need to go back out into the world.We spent a couple hours by the pool drinking some fabulous signiture drinks. It was very quiet and peaceful. The view was stunning.
4	The Aji Spa is part of the Sheraton Hotel.It has a nice pool and a fitness room as well as sauna, steam room, pool, and jacuzzis.As the hotel, the Spa has a native american theme. All the treatments are using native american remedies, herbs, flavors.They are plenty of parking spot.After enjoying the golf, the spa is a great way to unwind.
5	OMG!  I want to live here!  Can they set me up a cot in the back?  Seems pricey but I bought a deal on Travelzoo and got a great deal.  They service was amazing and the spa itself was clean, comfy and quiet!
5	This spa is the most beautiful and friendly that I've ever been to.  My sister and I were in town from Boston and our appointment was scheduled for the wrong day. However, the manager made sure we were still able to be serviced and the treatments were on the house. He made our experience so wonderful. We will definitely be coming back for Mother's Day again next year and will be sure to stop at Aji Spa. AMAZING!
4	This is an extremely nice spa.  I had a facial and a mother to be massage while I was there and they were both fantastic.  The receptionist was very friendly and informative and both the facialist and masseuse I saw were friendly and professional.  The facility itself was beautiful and relaxing.  I do think they should consider a lighter weight robe for the summer months because walking around in a heavy thick robe when it is 107 degrees outside and not much cooler inside was quite unpleasant.  I was also surprised given the heat and the robes that I was offered hot tea.  I nearly laughed out loud as I could not think of anything that sounded worse at the time.  That being said to each their own.  If there is some wackadoo, nut job out there that wants to sit in 107 degree heat wearing a thermal robe drinking hot tea more power to them I suppose.  My only real complaint about this spa was the prices.  I have been to several other spas of this caliber and not one if them was this expensive.  On average it was at least 40-60 dollars more expensive per service.  Overall I would definitely return to this spa if I were ever in the area again.  Just one word of advice be sure they charge your spa services to the correct credit card.  I used my own card to book the spa services, and my husband used his company card to book our rooms in the resort and even though I told the girl checking me out that I did NOT want the services charged to the room somehow she did this anyway instead of to the card I used to book the services.  A simple mistake I'm sure and it was easily fixed once I found our what had happened.  I'm just glad my husband didn't have to try to explain why there were almost 300 dollars of spa charges on his company card!
4	I went to this resort for a spa day, it's part of the Sheraton Hotel. Loved it!! Typical Arizona architecture but with an elegant twist and service is spectacular.Definitely a little pricey, and beware of the 20% added gratuity. But you get what you pay for, and this spa is one of the best I've been to.  I did the SAS'HAICHU Package, which included an awesome massage, facial and a pedicure. :))) such a relaxing day
4	This Spa is so tranquil. From the moment you walk inside it is so relaxing. The architecture and design to even the locker keys the attention to detail is wonderful. I had a massage and facial, and I must say the facial was even better than the massage. They used native american herbs and it was lovely. I think what stands out about this spa is that they have an entire private pool area as well as a spa restaurant that is for spa guests making it feel even more exclusive and tranquil.  We had the spinach salad with grilled chicken and it was so light and tasty. We ate out on the patio with a view of the lovely pool with lots of lush desert plants. There were lots of lounge chairs and misters around the pool and jacuzzi to make it feel cooler and more comfortable outside. My friends and I spent the entire day there and we stayed until they closed. I only wish I could have booked our treatments earlier so I could have more time to enjoy the lovely spa amenities.
4	This is a very nice spa and worth a visit.  I've been there 3 times. My favorite therapist is Olivia and my favorite treatment is the Desert Rain package.  Olivia gives a wonderful massage and I've had many in my life, so I think I'm somewhat of an expert!  This place isn't cheap though so be prepared.  As others have mentioned there is a 20% gratuity that is included no matter what.  My only con for this place and the reason for 4 stars instead of 5 is that I find the food selection too limited, very overpriced and not that tasty.  I only ate there once during my three trips and wouldn't do so again.  My smoothy was like $5-6 bucks and not the best.  I've had better at Jamba Juice.
2	Pros:- Calm/Quiet atmosphere- Clean- Amenities are good *Hot tub outdoors and inside, large steam room & sauna.  Nice sitting areas both outside and inside. - Products (Shampoo, conditioner & body wash were okay.)Cons:- EXPENSIVE!- Beware of the 20%gratuity (i don't know who's idea this was but, i was a little offended at the presumptive 20% tip. I tip well when deserved but i like tipping on my own terms.) - Spa hostess at the front desk/checking in was snooty- 50 min massagesI went in for Aji (swedish) 50 min massage, the massage therapist was personable and was attentive to what I asked her to focus on. I know the time limit was not her fault but 50 mins for a massage at these prices made me feel really ripped off.  (i had a Groupon to offset the ridiculous cost but even that didn't make me feel better about the cost.) I don't know who thinks a 50 min massage is enough.......but come on an extra 10 mins wouldn't kill them!All in all i would say skip it, it's expensive and for less money you can get a 60 min or 90 min and feel great because you didn't over pay.
4	Nice desert setting. Good for out of town guests.
5	I had the chance to return to Aji Spa in August for another great spa experience.  Upon leaving the I-10, gliding on a one-lane bridge, venturing over a man-made creek and winding along the desert setting, the Spa appears on the right.  You'll then park your car within view of the Sheraton Wild Horse Pass Hotel & Casino and enter thehigh-ceiling foyer of the Aji Spa.Monica greeted me each time and was perfectly polite (even though I was 5-10 minutes late the 2nd time.)  I was escorted back to the locker room and instructed to change into a robe, shower and informed that the service provider would great me in the tea lounge.  This is adjacent to the locker rooms and is set up like a small studio.  Complete with a fireplace, doors to the terrace/ patio, a tea area and multiple seating choices. I strolled over and fixed myself a hot green tea and took a small dish of trail mix.  As soon as I finished, the massage therapist appeared.  Don't recall her name though.   The next time that I visit, the scheduler can probably find her name in the system for booking ease.Glad that they escort you here, would have definitely been lost tying to navigate the long hallways and corners.  The massage service was excellent, great flow and techniques.  She was talented and loved her craft, it showed.I also like the rooms.  They aren't too small or too big, just the right size space for a massage.  Also, it was great that I was able to go on a weekday morning, Satursdays & Sundays are probably a lot busier in the hallways & locker rooms.Following the blissful massage, I opted for the cold plunge, jacuzzi and then sauna for an invigorating jolt.  The cold plunge is COLD and well worth the experience.  ( You have been warned.)I will definitely return again soon to this oasis, just off of the 10....
5	This is by far the best spa I have ever been to - and I have been to MANY. You walk in and feel instantly relaxed. I got the hot stone massage, and loved that it incorporated some of the Native American culture. Afterward I enjoyed the spa facilities - steam room, whirlpool and outdoor pool. All were spectacular.  The locker room was incredibly well appointed, and I was very impressed that the shower rooms each had shaving cream, a razor, a shower cap and clean towels inside. If I am ever in the area again, I will definitely be coming back.
5	Lovely!  Plan to make a day of it and enjoy a relaxing day by the pool with a delicious lunch and refreshing drink.  We stayed from 11am-5pm with a travelzoo for a 50 minute massage, and 25 minute add on.  Workout room is beautiful, clean and like new.  Adult only pool is large enough to relax in privacy without being overrun- many of the visitors only stay and hour or two leaving the best for you to enjoy.  Private clothing optional jacuzzi and sunbathing deck for the risque.  Lots of top quality extras such as refreshments, and toiletries.  Staff was friendly and attentive.  We will be back!! Highly recommend for a girls day out!
5	The spa was top notch. The service provider for my massage with foot reflexology was very attentive asking what i wanted and making sure i was comfortable to speak up if there was anything i didn't want. The waiting area was a bit crowded but the single sex whirlpool/sauna was nice.
5	Love this place!
3	Having had a previous five star experience a few years ago made me wonder what went wrong the weekend I visited the spa again.  Cafe was great, service was great, food and drink A+.The tranquility of my massage was constantly interrupted by someone coughing (turned out to be the therapist next door), my next appointment was given by the coughing therapist, my facial however was the best. I had requested females for my services, this was confirmed at check in. Not sure why I ended up with the male (coughing) therapist.Pool area, locker room area, shower area...basically all needed to be cleaned up. Towels on the floor, amenities not kept up, had to requests the basics. First visit definitely excellent, this visit poor to average at best.
2	My first visit here and was hard to find but once it is found you will be glad that its were it is. The grounds are beautiful. The wait was 20 mins to check in for my body scrub. Made them rush me through. They need better organization.  Since I was rushed the treatment was OK. Still enjoyed but I know it would have been better. Next was lunch. Took forever to get seated even with reservations. We got seated outside as we asked.  Took forever to order a drink then forever to get the drinks and when they came, it was wrong so it took forever for them to bring the right ones. Then forever to get food. Food was good.  We got tired of waiting for everything. Went to the manager and told him of our experience. He was apologetic and comped our meal and said they were not serving on the patio.....so why did they fail to mention this as we were getting seated.....I would rename this the Wait Forever resort and spa. That's what we mainly did was wait forever! I live so close to this place I wanted to make it a regular but looks like I will go back to Desert Ridge Spa. Never a problem there. They know how to run things.
4	Wonderful facials! I love the organic products used and my Esti was the BEST (Carrie, you rock) She had a great firm pressure that was still quite relaxing. The facility was kinda crowded no place to lay by the pool when I got out of my treatment :-( the spa was in need of some updating but still a nice environment to relax. Their menu had great salad options but I didn't order one they looked delicious. Friendly and inviting staff which is the jewel and backbone of ANY spa! Thank you, Carrie, for being such a hospitality professional and amazing esti! I will definitely be coming back for a facial w you! :-)
5	The HO'DAI (Gila River Rock Massage) was 80 minutes of amazing!  For lunch the Chilled Chicken Lettuce Cup was delicious.
5	The closest definition to relaxation I have ever experienced. It is so wonderful and relaxing. The whole staff is professional and kind. My personal happy place in AZ
5	Fav Spa in East Valley. Love spending a full day there. Enjoy the indigenous treatments and also pampering options in the Salon. Gym is small but adequate to work any and everything. Chicken pizza for lunch delicious and free starbucks coffee when you arrive.
5	I love this place.  MY pedi has lasted 3 weeks.
1	So disappointed. I have one spare day before a conference and decide to splurge on a massage. Everything started out wonderfully until - the power went out. Yes - not the spas fault - but how they reacted was awful. So you're on the table and now the lights are out. The music has stopped. Your masseuse is of course thrown off. The towels aren't hot. The hot oil isn't even warm. They have to open the door to get some light and air in - where people are running up and down the halls. You can hear every conversation  - every footstep - so much for relaxing. My masseuse did everything she could but it's just not a good situation. Massage ends, I head out to pay. No mention of the blackout. I ask about it. They are surprised that I asked. She asks the manager and they offer a 20% discount - but of course add a 20% gratuity. I have no issues with the gratuity - again wasn't the masseuses fault. But 20% discount? 70 of the 80 minute massage was terrible. It would have been more relaxing sitting in the hotel lobby for 70 minutes. I asked them to relook at it. The response was - you should have stopped and rescheduled. This upset me. Like I have time to go for massages while I'm working. She did return with a 25% discount - and a note that the manager was heading to a meeting so that's all they could do. Ugh. I paid. I left. It sucked. I'm sure if you are planning on coming you won't have this scenario - it's one in a million. The disappointing part was how they reacted. I expected more from such a high scale place.
1	DISAPPOINTED WITH THE SERVICE AND HAVEN'T EVEN SET FOOT IN THE SPA YET...Bought the Travelzoo voucher for $79 for a 50-min Swedish Massage and glass of champagne, which states it has a "promotional value of $145".  Sounds like a great deal, right? Well, apparently there is really no "promotional value" to the deal other than the $79 I paid for it according to the reservationist and the Spa Manager, whom I just spoke to on the phone.  I called to see if it was possible to upgrade my massage from Swedish to Deep Tissue, totally expecting to pay an upgrade charge, and was told that it would be an additional $56 (the difference b/t the $79 and the $135 for deep tissue)....  which is the full price of a deep tissue massage ... are you kidding me?  Started by having this conversation with the reservationist explaining to her that I paid $79 for the TZ voucher which states it has a value of $145, of which I'm guessing $10 is the champagne, that's fine, but leaves a remaining value of $135, that the voucher is worth, and that I'm willing to pay any difference in price between the massage value of my voucher ($135) for Swedish and what the price of deep tissue would be.  Makes sense to me.   I thought she was just not getting it, so I asked for a manager and spoke with Sarah, who "explained" that they do not even offer "Swedish" massage on their menu of services, but that basically, if they did it would be priced at $79, effectively making my TZ voucher have no promotional value (meaning NO DEAL) other than what I paid for it, and that means it would be an upgrade charge of $56 for the deep tissue massage.  Which is actually false advertising and I will be reporting it to Travelzoo as well.  Sarah then told me that I could go on Groupon and purchase a voucher for $40, etc... really!!  We'll see how the actual experience is tomorrow.
