3	Time to mix it up... with a review of my bank!I've been a BofA customer for years.  I started with them when I opened my first bank account in Georgia close to 15 years ago.  I stick to the ATMs and manage my accounts online whenever possible but every now and then I do need to go into the bank for a transaction of some sort.  When I do go in, it's usually Eddie at this location that I work with.  He's very professional and takes care of business for us - no problem. It's interesting because my husband's work and personal bank accounts are at another bank with a branch just down the street from this one.  He loves his bank, but I somehow convinced him to keep our shared account at BofA.  I've had to go to his bank for some transactions as well, and I see why he is loyal to them; it's a friendlier atmosphere over there.Nonetheless, I'm still a loyal BofA customer and can't complain about their services at all.  I wish I could say that I'm making a ton of money on the interest I'm earning with my BofA accounts, but I'm not.  I'm not losing money either though.  So if you're looking for a reliable bank with a convenient location in the Old Town area, this may be for you.
5	I normally don't make trips to the bank now that BofA has the deposit option from your phone, but when I have had to go into the bank I've always been treated well by the courteous staff at this location.
5	The customer service at this location is the best! Every one is super nice, helpful and efficient!
4	Fast service inside the branch.  For now, there's only 1 drive-thru lane where you can do payments.  The other lane is either out of service and/or being fix.  I waited for about 10 minutes recently at the drive-thru lane.  They need to make sure they have enough lanes for their daily businesses as there's only one B of A branch in the area.
5	You put in a card and four digits and get out cash to pay for great times with friends. How can I rate it anything else? I have used BofA for other businessy things and despite the news reports, the workers and completed items were always satisfactory.
