4	One of my favorite neighborhood New York Italian restaurants.   Why not start with dessert?  Canoli, cheesecake, and tiramisu. YUM.   They have a nice wine selection with specials on Wednesdays.  Sunday is family night.   Baked clams, seafood pasta, bolognese, lasagna....ok , I may have to jump in my car and head over there!  So nice to not go to one of the chain restaurants.   They do catering too.   The only downfall is lunchtime.   They seem to arrive just before the patrons?
4	I've been to That Italian Place 3 times for dinner and have LOVED every single thing we've ordered - homemade ravioli, lasagna, linguine with clams, gnocchi, chicken parm, homemade meatballs, etc.  Actually, all of the pasta is homemade so you absolutely can't go wrong.  This place is perfect for a really great meal, decent but not too expensive bottle of wine and a cannoli (or two).  Been to all of the Italian restaurants in the Ahwatukee area, and this one definitely has the best food.  Each time we've come here (no reservations) on Friday or Saturday nights, didn't have to wait, but they have a bar to grab a drink just in case.  The service is excellent and the wait staff are always good for a recommendation too.
5	This place is a hidden gem. Although small and located in a strip mall, the inside of the restaurant is nice enough to make you forget the exterior of the location.  It has become one of my family of four's favorite places, and that's saying a lot.My wife and daughters are all vegetarian and my oldest child has, to put it nicely, an extremely limited palate.  On top of that, I am on a gluten-free diet.  Despite that, we have never left the place less than full and fully satisfied.The wait staff is friendly, helpful and knowledgeable about the menu.  Importantly, the staff is always the same.  In the approximately 10 times we have eaten there in the last 6 months, we have always had one of two waitresses.  It's nice and helps preserve that neighborhood feeling so lacking in the chain restaurants.The food is top notch.  They have the best vodka sauce I have ever had.  The Brooklyn Special never fails to please.  They always have enticing specials and happy hour fare, I only wish I could eat them.TIP is a bit more expensive than some of the "comparable" chain restaurants but, in my opinion, the extra money is well worth it.  If you are looking for a nice, but family friendly restaurant where you can take your time and enjoy a good meal of great Italian food, look no further.
4	Looks like this place closed down!  It's too bad.
5	I'm totally heartbroken that this fabulous place has closed. For lunch or dinner, there was always something delicious. And the gluten free menu was a wonderful touch for anyone who needs a special diet. Lets all say a prayer that a new, less costly location can be found so That Italian Place can fire it up again!
4	We've eaten there twice, really liked almost everything. Charming, quaint, good service.   Super inexpensive, especially during Happy Hour.  7/1/10 update  They closed now.
