5	LET'S GO PITT!!!I wish the Pete had been around when I was in college. Unfortunately it was still under construction and we had graduation at Mellon Arena instead. Too bad because this is a great venue and would've been a nice place to have graduation.I've come here for numerous Pitt basketball games as well as a Kanye West concert. Sight lines for basketball are pretty good everywhere in the place. I've had seats at the absolute further row back and "good" seats on the corners and been ok with both. In addition, the exercise facility is pretty top notch for students. Sure beats trudging all the way up to Trees Hall like we had to back in the day.
4	I've never been an event in this place...until recently.  I was in here before to grab bite to eat at the various food spots (hot tip: one of the only Burger Kings still in the city (only open until 7 pm though)).It feels and looks big from the outside.  However from the inside it looks rather small.  I was puzzled how so many people pack into this place.  Watching all those people walk up the hill to get there it seems like there is no way for them to all fit in this building.  But somehow they make it happen.Like reviewers before, it's showing it's wear.  Carpeting ripping in certain areas and other superficial marks every so often.  Parking is atrocious, take public transit instead.  The people that staff this place are on their game.  They know just about every nook and cranny and how to get there from here.I will come back here for another even that is for sure.
4	If there is such a thing as an intimate place to watch a major college basketball game then, this is it.  Every seat in the place is good and you feel right on top of the action.  There is parking on the hill right above it and you can then walk down the hill to go the game.  Going back - well you have to walk up the hill.  It is really not that bad.The food is pretty typical for a sports venue - mediocre and over priced, IMO.  Eat before you go.
4	HAIL 2 PITT.I spent so many days in the Zoo during Undergrad and Grad school. I was very happy when my schedule allowed me to come back to Pittsburgh.The Pete is the best college basketball arena hands down. Remember when Gibbs shot the 3 to beat Prov? Or when Ramon shot the 3 to beat WVU 55-54? or when Dejuan flipped Thabeet?I wish I was still a student at Pitt. Maybe I should go back to undergrad at 26....
4	Came here for sister's commencement, and it was my first time ever inside the Pete.Needless to say, the facility is really clean and bright. Staff was friendly and helpful that day, concession prices were on par for any sporting stadium, and all seats gave you a clear view of the action down below.Congrats to all the new 2013 grads!
4	Very nice facility.  Felt brand new although I understand it has a few years on it.  I love the glass and steel entrance and the views that are provided of the campus/surrounding from the upper floor concourse.  Parking was easy and it was nice to have a shuttle take us "up the hill" even though the shuttle ride was probably a told of 150 yards.I like that the students surround the court for Pitt basketball games.  Having the courtside seats is interesting but I'm sure it's worth the money.Bathrooms were clean.  I didn't eat or drink anything but the options looked plentiful at typical stadium pricing.At the end of the game the exit took awhile.  I was surprised because it was a blowout.Again, great facility for an excellent university.
4	Very nice event center and the Cirque Du Soleil show here was amazing.  Best show I have ever seen!
4	Here  for the amazing Cirque performance.  Awesome seats !!! In section 102 row F.I have never been here for a sports event, only Arts/Cultural.  I must say that floor seats are really not great for the events that I have seen here.  When they set up the stage it is usually pretty high, so if you are on the floor you are always looking up.  Also if the stage is long, you are not only looking up but, left and right.  The better seats are 1st balcony section 101 & 102.  If you can sit in the row F, that is the 1st row and its GREAT.  However, in 101 & 102 the 1st 15 rows are great !!   Actually, pretty much anything on the 1st level balcony are real great seats.
5	It's my 100th review! And what better way to celebrate than to review one of my fav places in the 'burgh.  Yes, I'm a two-time Pitt alum, Pitt employee, and I bleed blue and gold, so of course I'm going to LOVE the Pete.  Let me tell you why you should, too!I'm at the Pete in most cases for Pitt basketball games.  Many people say the Pete is one of the best (if not THE best), venue for college basketball in the country.  I'm sure if you talk to a Duke fan, they'll debate this with you, though ;)  Why is it the best?-Not a bad seat in the house.  @Curtis G and I have had season tickets for two years in the last row, behind the net, and I've never felt like I couldn't see the game or wasn't fully immersed in the experience.-The BEST student section EVER, the Oakland Zoo.  I'm sorry I graduated after the implementation of this group of crazy, die-hard Pitt basketball fans.  Their enthusiasm is contagious!-The men's bball team is consistently a contender, even if some years aren't as good as others.-Women's bball games are FREE.The Pete isn't just for basketball; various concerts and other events are held here, like Pitt's commencement.  I've only ever been here for games, though.Pro-Pete Game-day tips:-Park on lower campus (metered street parking is free after 6) and take the free shuttles available in front of Soldiers & Sailors up to the Pete.-You can purchase food in the food court on the 2nd level and take it to your seats if you are looking for something more than your standard concessions.  The actual Pete concessions stands take credit-cards, the stand-alone vendors are cash-only.-Any discounts you have at the Panther Team Store cannot be used on game days.Let's Go Pitt!
4	Before you wonder why a 30+ man (refers to self) was at a Demi Lovato concert, please know that I accompanied a friends daughter.  WAIT!  I also appreciate some of Lovato's music so um, yea.  I was curious to hear her sing live (no shame) and was pleased with the outcome.  Of course, with all shows, there were high and low points.Demi Lovato is an early 20 something who got her start along with Miley and the Jonas Brothers via Disney (like many others).  Lovato has actually managed to surpass the child star curse in a unique way that some from her generation should take note.  She candidly talked with the audience about overcoming addiction and spending time in Africa.  So young and wise, Lovato sometimes came off strong (in my opinion) to an audience of primarily tween girls with her wise words of wisdom and empowerment.  I do, again, appreciate her delivery of some tough love in which she stressed that people need to care about themselves and not the thoughts of others.  She ended one of her speeches with, "I really don't care," punning her current hit with fellow young diva, Cher Lloyd.Now for the missteps in the show. Honestly, there are only 2 comments here.  Some of the high energy pop-rock songs (presumably album cuts) drowned out her vocals, leaving my ears to only hear Lovato basically scream over the clash of guitars and synthesizers (not to mention the loud cheers of the audience).  One other misstep was a cover of "Thriller" by Michael Jackson.  No typo, Lovato escaped the stage for her one and only costume change and came back to a karaoke version of Jackson's massive hit.  It was karaoke at best, to which she gave a try at joining her back-up dancers with some forced choreography.  Taking from her previous speech, I know she was having fun and just "really did NOT care."Ending on a positive note, Lovato showed us that she can play the piano and guitar in stripped down versions and melodies of fan-chosen songs.  I was so very impressed by the 1 hour, 30 minute set that saw Lovato push out vocals from her tiny frame with NO backing track.  Refreshing in today's age of pop-tart fast food music.  An honorable mention must go to Christina Perri for her vocal talent.  She warmed the crowd up with a catalog I did not realize she had with such charisma and simplicity.The 13 year old I attended the show with enjoyed her time and said it was her most favorite concert ever in life.  So, Demi, you made an impression.  Keep doing you staying as authentic as presented yourself in Pittsburgh and it will be a life well lived.
4	I really like coming to the Petersen Events Center because I've had some great memories here from graduations to concerts and performances, this center really can entertain on a multitude of levels! The Petersen was very spacious for both my college graduation and my sister's high school graduation. Although there were many people there, the place is spacious enough that you do not feel overwhelmed with people. Even when I went for the Demi Lovato concert and the Cirque Du Soleil, the space was a perfect size and did not feel overly packed or crowded. The Pitt basketball game I went to was much busier than the other events because I sat located in the "Pitt zoo" area, although I was in and out with no problem. The prices are reasonable for souvenirs for performances and concerts, and although the stands can get busy, you can purchase your items in relatively no time. The bathrooms are spacious and I've never had to wait to use the restroom due to long lines and few stalls. There is pretty large outside area, where you can take pictures, wait for a ride, or just enjoy the beautiful Pittsburgh campus! I enjoy every visit to the Pete and look forward to the next time I get to enjoy this venue and all it has to offer.
3	I can't believe (especially being a Pitt alum) I had never been to an event at the Pete until just this past Saturday when Pitt took on St. Bonaventure for NCAA men's basketball! We sat in section 207, sort of mid-court, and had a great view of all the action. We didn't use any of the concessions so I can't speak for that,however, I will say-they should sell beer during the basketball games. WVU does,Syracuse does, most schools actually do. The only real complaint (besides not selling beer) was that where we sat, air was consistently blowing on us and it was 35 degrees that day so that was totally unnecessary and unappreciated. We parked at soldiers and sailors (event day $10) and had an easy walk up to the Pete. For the tickets being only $20 each, I was happy with the experience and particularly, the winning outcome of the game.
