3	Seems like your standard carryout Chinese place. We had the General Tso and a Sesame Chicken. For three lunch specials that included rice and egg roll, we paid less than $16. Like many Chinese joints, they accept cash only (always a challenge for me  to scrounge up that paper money stuff people used to use).It was as good as any other standard Chinese carryout and based on where we live now, it may likely be our go-to for quick, cheap Chinese.One downer, we didn't get any fortune cookies. That can't be a good fortune.
3	This is our go to Chinese carryout. Mainly because it is close to us. The food is as good as most of the genre and they share the same quirks, cash only, the same menu, the same flavors, heavy on the MSG, as all other Chinese carryout places. The execute well, the food is always hot and they have never messed up my order.
2	I want to start off by saying that Chinese food should not have YELLOW Rice!!! They do have good lunch specials and again this Chinese food wasn't very good. Still searching for a good Chinese food place here in Charlotte. The only reason why I tried this place because I was next to it at the time. Still searching!
3	Hop Feng is a cash only Chinese carryout establishment. I thought my General Tso's Chicken was pretty good and the portion size was huge I actually was able to get close to 3 meals out of my lunch. For $7.50 I got the main dish, General Tso Chicken with a weird yellow rice ??? and a deep fried egg roll.The decor is sort of dumpy with grease from years gone bye stuck to the walls and if you ever get a chance take a look a the thermostat in the corner. The amount of grease stuck to the thermostat is down right amazing. But you know what this place hits the spot for me every now and again. And I got Fortune Cookies 3 of them...And they were all very accurate!
5	This is not gourmet Chinese food. This is store-front-hole-in-the-wall-greasy-yummy-awesome Chinese food.  Please do not expect it to be anything else.The portions are great.  The food is good, fresh, tasty Americanized Chinese food.Unless we are looking for Buffet, Hop Feng is our place.The staff is friendly and polite.  The service is quick, even on Friday nights.  Any of the "Garlic Sauce" dishes are my favorite.  The house Lo Mein is superb.  The fried dumplings are awesome. Crab Rangoons - yum! Happy Family is also great.Before I just list the whole menu, I'll just stop...  I have never gotten anything bad there.
4	I enjoyed every dish I have had there. I'm a huge fan of their General Tso's chicken and egg drop soup. They have some amazing dishes, and they pile your plates with food.
3	A hole in the wall it's a gem upon found. This place has the best chicken wings. There is no dining for this establishment so everything is carryout. Cash only. Their lunch portion surely will keep you full with some leftovers for dinner so come hungry. Friendly owners.
