4	Mmmmm.  Yummy.  First let me say that the unassuming facade says nothing about the little gem inside.  Since the place just opened, there's a banner instead of a sign, and a small curb tent directing diners in to the -only- open store in the building.  But for those who brave new frontiers, it's worth it.Z's House Sandwich = Gooood.  The smoked pork brings out the sausage and bacon lover in me, and yet I was rewarded with an equally good helping of 'Fresh' as well - the cucumbers, tomatoes and peppers were all great!The Egg Salad sandwich also received high marks from my compatriot, and I loved the option of the Orangina for drinks!  Which leads me to the second aspect of the place - while it has little for decoration (other than the very comely proprietor) it has a wonderful supply of European goods - chocolates, breads, biscuits, drinks, meats and yes, Eurocrem.  A vanilla and hazelnut spread that competes with Nutella in my book!  Ahhh, yes.  I hope others find and patronize this place enough to keep it in business, so I can continue to visit my happy euro-place!Update: I'm happy to report that business seems to have picked up as there was a short line for lunch!  It didn't take long to get served, and they also offer lunch deals that are well worth the visit!
5	One of the most quality oriented Delis around, Z's will not disappoint. You can always count on a warm and friendly welcome, and a delicious Sandwich. The house sandwich, on round bread is a "knock-out".The market selections are awesome, selling everything from imported beverages, coffees, chocolates, olive oil, pastas, spices etc...If you are tired of the same old "deli" grind, I recommend you give Z's deli a chance, you will not be disappointed. You will not find higher quality deli elsewhere.
4	UH YEAHThis was one of my favorite sandwhiches ever!The Z's House Sandwhich @ 6.95 RawkedThe round bread is like a thick pita, it has the burnt little bits on the top and the chewy yummy inside. Man that was good. They are still the only business in the complex but are gaining more customers each day. They serve small Breakfast items, bagels, burritos, muffins, coffee....They Deli for the lunches is great. Ham, Turkey, tuna, egg salad, veggie, etc. Too many packaged items to count in the deli case.Try this place, you will love it.
4	Same sandwhich same great lunch. Z will be having some competition soon. There is a gyro type place and a meatbalz going up soon. They will also have a mortgage guy next door.
5	I'm surprised I haven't reviewed Z's yet.I live in the north valley, and to be honest, there isn't much that isn't a chain restaurant. Z's stands out by making good, honest sandwiches.They're a small ethnic market, offering up treats, drinks, and oddities from Europe, which isn't a bad thing. I've decided from now on to buy some odd European treat from them everytime I go. Service is fantastic, always nice and warm, and they love compliments.Now, onto the food. I cannot get over the Z House Sandwich. Served on a round European roll, this smoked ham delight is topped with everything. Red Bell Pepper, Cheese, all of the veggies, mayo and mustard, and served warm.  Basically, the entire sandwich just melds into a strata of deliciousness.I've had some of their other sandwiches, including the roast beef and the egg salad, and both are delicious, but to me, NOTHING beats the house special.Stop reading this, and go try them now.
4	Highest 4 I can give.  Why not 5 you ask??  CHOMPIES!!  But around the North Valley...Z's!!  My Wife (Very PICKY wife), loved the house special as much as I did.  The service was also excellent.  I'm surprised that this place would open around here...but I'm glad it did.  I know where to go to get a great, unique sammich now.  Others have talked about the House Special, but I'll add a few words.  FRESH, tasty, toasty, tasty, awesomeness!!  Crispy bread on the outside, chewy and moist on the inside.  Yet, thin, and packed with fresh veggies, smoked pork slices, and cheese!  (Swiss for us).  He'll make it anyway you want it, but we stuck to the original sammich.    You could take out the meat and still be happy.  I was most impressed with the use of red bell pepper slices because I know how much red pepper cost's.
4	I work across the street from this little place and it is pretty good.  They have a modest stock of foodstuffs from the former eastern european countries.  Interesting cookies and sodas.  The coke wannabe made from the fruit of the dogberry bush - yeah, the dogberry bush - didn't go over too well with my kid.  I thought it was OK.Very friendly folks, and your sandwiches are made to order as you wait with plenty of opportunity for input from you.  The house special sandwich, as mentioned in previous reviews, is the best thing on the menu.  The roll they make it on is exceptional.  The veggies they put on it, including thinly sliced bell peppers, are extremely fresh and crisp, which adds great textural dimension.If you are looking for a fresh, delicious sandwich served up by pleasant people who actually look you in the eye and have a conversation, Z's is your place.
4	Great deli and market! I'm all about the house special sandwich - the bread is warm and crispy, meat is good (boar's head) and nice variety of veggies on the sandwich, including sliced bell peppers and olives. Z's also has a small selection of grocery items with candies, spices (including vegeta - sometimes tough to find) and assorted pickles/olives. They sell big jars of all sorts of pickled foods - I especially remember the green tomato pickles (what would that taste like?). Overall, great little place to get a GREAT sandwich.
5	The house special is awesome! I keep saying I will try something else but I never get around to it because the house special is so good. Prosciutto ham lots of veggies on great bread.
5	Great food, great service !   I'm definitely a fan.
4	I grabbed a quick lunch here today after seeing the good reviews on yelp. I ordered The Godfather, which had cappicola, turkey, salami, provolone, lettuce and tomato with an oil and vinegar dressing. It was served on a homemade pita that was fluffy and rustic. The sandwich itself was delicious! A nice mix of flavors, good sized portion (it was offered in 3 sizes) and made for a great affordable lunch. The owner was working and was real cool to talk to, real friendly and knew what he was doing.I'm real happy there's an independent deli/market this great so close to my house. Deer Valley needs more places like this, and we all need to support them so they thrive. I will for sure be giving Z's some repeat business!
4	Went in here for lunch for the first time the other day. Just thinking about it makes me want to go back today... and write a review. So let's cut to the chase: the sandwitches and coffee are great. The service is personal - by the owner. But what makes this place stand out is the attention to detail. Meaning, the ingredients they use: fine fresh bread, imported coffee, quality prosciutto and other deli cuts. And the extra care in the preparation of the melas and drinks. So FIVE STARS for the food and service. The location and ambiance could be better, hence the 4.
