5	I love old navy clothing, it's vintage styling with good prices. Great jeans too, I love the painter's jeans.
4	I hadn't been shopping at Old Navy for at least a year or two. Recently, a friend of mine told me that she loved their new Fall/Holiday collection, so I popped by based on her recommendation. I absolutely love their winter outerwear! They have a lot of beautiful coats this year for amazing prices, and I just had to pick up two (only $70 for both with their current sale).Outside of their current product, I was impressed by the size of the store, which seems a bit larger than average. Though it is a lot of square footage to cover, I was not impressed by their sales floor customer service. Yes, it's Old Navy, but I shopped in this store three times over the past week and did not have anyone come up to me while wandering around the outerwear. However, the woman that assisted me in the fitting room had a great attitude, and I really enjoyed interacting with her.Overall, a four star Old Navy experience... If they could work on their customer service skills on the sales floor, I'd give them a five!
1	Very bad purchase experience. I bought a shirt with a hole covered in the rolled up sleeves, but they denied my request to return it. I am so angery at this and will never shop their chothes anymore.
2	After further consideration, this store does not deserve a 4 star review. The Old Navy product has been pretty weak recently, which isn't the store's fault, but the severe lack of customer service doesn't help the situation. While shopping here on Friday, I was one of maybe 3-5 people in the store. I would practically walk into a sales associate but not even receive a glance or smile. No one working here seems to give an iota whether or not product is being sold. To avoid inconveniencing the associates, I will be taking my Old Navy purchases online in the future.
3	It's just like Old Navy anywhere - well maybe not the one in San Francisco, which is always packed - it ws pre Thanksgiving, so quiet before the storm on Black Friday.  I picked up my one and only bargain of the weekend - a $2.45 pair of flip flops (it was preparing to snow outside).
5	This store is laid out better than any other Old Navy I've been to before.  It was so easy to quickly find everything we were looking for.  The staff was also very friendly.If only all Old Navy stores were like this one...
