3	Harkins has a fairly new location in Casa Grande, located in the Promenade mall area off I-10 and Florence. Easily visible from the highway. It's clean and well-maintained, so far.The good: Everything here is nice and Harkins-typical. Several ticket sellers and self-serve kiosks, several efficient concessions people (usually more than enough), and so on. We have always loved the rocking seats, which are a major attraction and why we will choose Harkins even if we are in an area with other choices.The bad: People in Casa Grande have a penchant for bringing one or more of the following into movie theaters: a zillion wild kids, annoying teenagers, babies. The people here also have no problem talking at normal volumes to each other or on their cell phones during the film. The eyes are blinded by people constantly powering on their phones to text or whatever. The ushers do not care about these situations and don't do anything to curb them.The ugly: The people that stand near the entrance to the individual theater screen and re-check your ticket stub after you already gave it to the main ticket taker are, in my opinion, of the same breed as the receipt-checkers at retail stores. I have never been able to abide by being treated like a criminal when I have already paid my money.
4	So, I hesistate to share this place with too many people in the Valley.  Yes...sometimes I don't want to watch films with all of you guys.  I want to be a little discrete and watch guily pleasure entertainment without judgement and ( for those who know me well) talking back to the screen!This convenient little venue usually is not sold out when other locations are even when I am not sure that there is another movie theatre in this direction for miles and miles.  It is clean and the people working there actually smile a lot. And tell jokes. And make good popcorn.So... I kind of go here whenever I have the choice to see a quick documentary ( nudge, nudge, wink, wink...)
4	Harkins Theatres is one of the best theatres that I have ever been to... and I have been to a lot!Overall Harkins gets 5 stars for their concessions loyalty program. A moviegoer can purchase a cup and enjoy $1 refills all year. They also sell shirts that will get you a free medium popcorn all year. Harkins also puts crack in their popcorn... yeah it's good. Their expanded snack bar is also offers a variety of items not normally at a movie theatre.The seats are big and they rock... literally, they have rocking seats.Harkins however, loses one star for their picture quality. Harkins does not do a good job taking care of their movie prints. I frequently see long... annoying... scratches on their movie prints.The Promenade Harkins Theatre is a good movie theatre. It's never too busy... except on Friday and Saturday nights when the local teens make it the hang out. There are those occasional annoying moviegoers who think that they are the only one in the theatre... but you'll get that at any theatre, and it's a little more prevalent on Friday and Saturday nights.
5	Nice theater, comfortable seating, friendly polite employees. To bad Hollywood is not putting out better movies to choose from.
4	If you live in the Casa Grande area there are not a lot of movie theatres, within reasonable driving distance to go to, and as a matter of fact this theatre is the only place to see movies in Casa Grande. Overall it is pretty much the same as any Harkins movie theatre. Making use of 14 theatres with digital projectors, this location is now able to also screen 3D movies. Each theatre has stadium style seating, with padded adjustable armrests.  While management is constantly changing, as are employees, it still manages to maintain an overall good sense of cleanliness and customer service. This location also has ticket kiosks outside and inside the theatre, but they have become a bit of a pain to navigate through since they update the user interface, making it quicker to simply go to an available window attendant.As for concession, this location offers a wide array of snacks which includes: Dibs ice cream bites, pickles, pizza, white caste, soft pretzels, fries, chicken strips, nachos, popcorn, etc. As for refreshments, this location carries coke products, and offers: icees, bottled water, and energy drinks. These concessions are priced at about the same as any other theatre, meaning you'll still be paying a hefty sum if you get more than just a drink and popcorn. But this is where Harkins theatres bring frequent movie goers saving. Just like any other Harkins, this theatre takes part in Harkins customer loyalty program, in which a customer can purchase for $4.50 a plastic take home cup, roughly the size of a medium soft drink, that allots them refills for the discounted price of $1.50 every time they bring it to the theatre. In addition customers can also purchase a shirt for $25 and receive a free medium pop corn which can be upgraded to a large for a dollar more. Some discredit the savings, but even if you only go every now and then it is still something to invest in, especially if you're a local to the area as these perks are good in any Harkins location.I go to this location quite frequently, and I can tell you from experience that it's busiest in the late afternoons of Friday-Sunday. This is the time that the theatres are usually filed with young adults. While this is not so bad at time, it can prove trying when you get a bad bunch of kids who keep talking, or kicking you seat. It is for this reason that I highly recommend going in the early mornings or early afternoons. This usually makes for a quieter, less crowded, and more immersive viewing. Matinee is before 6pm, where all tickets will be priced at $6.50 for an adult ticket. Any time after that the price gets bumped up unless you can provide a student or military ID, seniors also can get discounted tickets after 6pm. Also I would like to add that the large, and extra large drink and popcorn refills, which are advertised as only being good for same day use is false.
5	Love their service. As a kid, they used to make me mad by always checking my ID, but I appreciate it now as an adult. The theaters and restrooms are both always clean. Friendly staff and the concession stands are super quick.
3	Over all it's a clean theater . I come here because it in town... However I only gave it 3 stars due to the lack of energy coming from the employees.. It takes forever to get your food at the snack bar.. Employees don't have no hustle and it's kind of annoying!! If their employees could work faster this place would be a five star theater .....
3	Clean and friendly.
