5	HomeGoods is a new store in a new shopping center that just opened in the last few days. It is attached with a T.J.Maxx but has separate signage on the outside of the building. The company also owns several other names including Marshals.I guess we were there on the opening day because the place was packed and I mean packed. We walked a few feet in to the store and I had to stop, I am not good with crowds. Gus asked me if I was ok and I said wait a moment while I take a breathe and calm myself down. So finally we continue on and start looking at stuff. They seem to have a little of everything. We had no intention of buying but wound up with a basket full of lamps, towels, canisters and other crap we do not need and got in line to get out which started at the back of HomeGoods weaved through the back and side of T.J.Maxx and across the front of both stores. We were out and paid for with in 25 minutes with all of our little treasures that would have cost us at least another 100 bucks elsewhere. Through out this whole experience they had employees stationed in the store to help in any way possible. I of course will be back when it is less of a mad house and see how well they fare. But for now yeah it was worth the panic inside.
5	I never knew this store existed until I accidentally got lost looking for the Super Target. Then I was like what the hey, I will stop and look around. LOVE IT! This Home Goods is attached to a TJ Maxx. Even better, they have home items and clothes too. I was in awe... I found diffusers, bed sheets, decoration for the house, and then wander over to TJ Maxx for the clothes. I never make it to the Super Target. I found everything and more that I was looking for. The prices are decent too!
3	Dunno who the bald headed, tatted and pierced up dude working there is, but good customer service doesn't include trying to dog out the bald headed, pierced up dude shopping with his parents (who are being ignored by the sales help otherwise). Bad form, son.Product selection is hit or miss (as is usually the case with a store of this nature)...I guess the one thing that stood out to me (other than said douchey employee) is that the store is generally clean and easy to shop.
5	This HomeGoods location is pretty awesome, and one of my favourite places to pick up random crap! We got an amazingly soft and awesome-looking huge rug there for a great price, as well as lots of random glass vases, plates, crystal pieces, and even Voss (also at a good price compared to other places, and it's my favourite water... I feel so ridiculous when I drink it!)This store does not always have the best selection, but that is definitely understandable. They still have a great selection most of the time, though! It is also one of the cleanest stores I've ever shopped in. It's very organized, which I like. We've found a few cool things in their clearance areas too, such as a little rubbish bin made up of rolled magazines. Definitely an awesome place if you like lots of random things!Oh yeah, and it's attached to TJMaxx... which is also the cleanest TJ I've ever been in. They don't really have a huge selection over there, so I usually don't get anything, but I've found a few cool shirts for a great price. Oh yes, and the employees here are always awesome! I rarely pay attention to name tags, but the only one I do remember is Chaz. He's awesome, along with all the others who I have not been creepy enough to read the name tags of! :)
2	The day I went the selection was poor, the store was disorganized and the customer service was seriously lacking. I've heard that this store is like Ross where some days you can find treasures if you are willing to dig through the crap to find them.  I guess I don't have the talent (or the time) to dig through all the tons of misplaced, random stuff to find one thing that may or may not be something I need or want.  I'm hoping that I just went on an off day for HomeGoods because I love the idea of finding great home stuff at a low price, but so far no treasures found.
4	I really like HomeGoods, and this location is one of the best that I've been in. While it isn't as cheap as Ross for items for your home, the items aren't, well, as cheap! As a whole, you can get much better quality items (think brand names like Michael Kors and Calvin Klein) consistently here than at places like Ross, but you will pay a bit more for them. However, the prices are nothing compared to retail. The store is laid out nicely, and everything is always neat and orderly. I've come here often looking for a specific item (such as a certain color throw pillow, towel, or kitchen accessory) and have almost always found it. I also like that Home Goods carry similar items - once I bought a Tahari curtain panel here, and felt confident that I could find one that matched in another Home Goods -- and I did! Some have mentioned that they've had issues with customer service, but I have not had that experience at all - in fact, I've returned several items and found the process to be pretty seamless and issue-free. If you're in the area, it's definitely worth it to stop in here!
