4	What a treasure! This tiny museum has a wild collection of all sorts of fascinating specimens. It's free, and the main hall is lined with the offices of professors who's students come and go as you browse the exhibits. I got really excited about the artifacts from turn-of-the-century Congo, the ancient Egyptian collection (pottery & other artifacts including several mummies), the amazing minerals, fossils and dino bones. They've got great curiosities too: a giant Japanese spider crab, a shrunken head (with a fun 'is it fake' display), tiny shoes made for Chinese ladies with bound feet, a polar bear hide, and neat taxidermy, like a specimen of the only parrot native to N. America (now extinct).I spent about two hours in here pouring over every descriptive card, but a more casual visitor could cover the whole place in twenty minutes.
5	This museum man, what a heart-breaker. I have loved this beautiful, graceful old building for almost a decade. The smell, the shape, the mummies and bones, not to mention the careful exquisite evolving curation of the collection through the space over the years. This tiny space is the oldest museum in Canada and it stands in this incredible Greek inspired stone mansion in the quad on McGill campus, looking something out of a dream about University Days: rolling green hills, nymphet fountain in a little dell, wrought iron fences, music students playing their instruments into the echo on the sidelawn. Inside there is an auditorium like something out of a medieval nunnery, and then the museum itself, with it's hand-painted images of natural environments, the balcony circling above, the ingenious wood balustrades and paneling. I'd love to fill this space with music and dance someday, but for now I will continue to admire this hope chest of a venue from afar. Go visit this museum. It's free, drop some money in the donation box, enjoy an hour in the lovely quiet, think about fossils and the passing of time.
5	Yep, I mean, Yelp, this is one of those places. Indiana Jones? Jurassic Park? James Bond? No I'm kidding. This place is as good as it gets. It's a sleeper the kind you want to see but never had. To tell the truth you wont fall on your knees once inside, it is kind of smallish and not very much furnished but still it has more atmosphere than the Natural History Museum in London.Go see it, until people will remember the 21th century looking at some giant holographic screen in their planes taking them from London to New York in 45 minutes out of the Earth atmosphere thinking, yeah, that must have been some funny times bro.
5	This is a great little hidden gem that we decided to visit on a rainy Montreal summer day. It is tucked away in a historic building in the middle of the McGill Campus and best of all its free. It is a beautiful place just to take a wander around looking at all the fossils and stuffed animals that have been in this building for many years. A great atmosphere and a quiet little spot to spend an hr.
5	Wonderful museum on the McGill campus with a very interesting collection of fossils, gems, specimens, mummies, etc.A great place to kill a few hours and experience something new!The downstairs is a bit drab but upstairs is open, airy and full of light. A definite must-see if you're nearby.
5	Ah, the good 'old Redpath Museum. I spent numerous childhood field trips scouring the collections for the answers to the questions my teachers had prepared, scavenger hunt style. As an adult I love to duck into the museum for some quiet time, immersed amongst the rocks and dino bones and diorama. The building itself is stunning, full of architectural details you'd be hard pressed to find in any museum built in the last 30 or so years. And the best part is that admission is by donation, which always seems to bring out my generous side.
5	boom boom acka-lacka lacka boom.c'mon everyone! open the door, get on the floor and walk the dinosaur!i concur with what everyone said. there's nothing to add besides, why are you wasting your time with the science center? this is THE museum to bring kids to (besides biodome and planetarium)i have to say that the stairs leading to the top floor made me quite uneasy despite people stopping to take pictures. it felt like right out of the island of dr. moreau, really creepy vibe.the bathrooms aren't pretty either. it's in the basement and has that basement church feel. other than that, its as awesome as the dinosaurs tv show minus the baby.if only the museum was bigger..ps. don't forget to check out the japanese spider crab by the entrance. stuff of nightmares!
5	I had the Redpath Museum on my To Do list for Montreal because it was free and full of interesting dead things. I went with a friend who lives in Montreal and he was just as stoked as I was when we got there. Not only are there DINOSAUR BONES, there is a ton of taxidermy in fun wildlife settings (INCLUDING A PUFFIN).Go!!
