4	Surprisingly good japanese food in the heart of downtown Madison on State Street.
3	If you are going to eat at this place, I would recommend getting a couple of rolls, rather than one of the chef's choice options...you get to pick what you want, and it is actually cheaper.  My friend got twice the food I did for about $6 less.  The sushi is delicious, but service is sub-par at best.  Our waitress was pretty clueless....she boxed up my leftovers, but threw away my ginger and wasabi...come on!  I had to request more and it kind of felt like I did something wrong.  I would definitely choose Takara over this place, but if you want something quick and not quite as classy, this place fits the bill.
3	In comparison with Takara, I think this is a better place. (and I'm Japanese, so I think I know what I'm talking about). Their lunch menu runs from $6-$9, so  it's not too bad for students but it's not the dirt cheap option  either. I had a Bento box lunch ($8) which came with very tasty California Roll, also tasty teriyaki snapper, salad and croque that I didn't care to eat, a bowl of rice, and choice of miso soup or sumashi (clear soup).  - Yes, that's a lot of food indeed. The service was good, too. I was actually impressed by our waitress (not Japanese, not even Asian) handling the questions from my Russian friend very well. Over all, a positive experience. I'd come here again and try the a la carte sushi.
1	I've only ate here once my freshman year in 2003...Shortly there afterwards, I stole their Wasabi banner hanging on the railing outside and never have been there since.  Yes, it was planned and no I do not have it anymore.
3	The previous reviews are mixed, and that is where I stand.  Mixed, but pleased.  I've eaten here twice and enjoyed the food and setting.  The fish smells/tastes fresh, and the sushi (nigiri and rolls) are well prepared.  The service is fine, can be a little slow at times, but nothing out of the ordinary. I think the place probably deserves four stars but two things are keeping me from giving it the extra one.  I've only been twice, so I cannot say for sure what to expect.  More importantly, I find their tamago nigiri almost inedible.  My charming sushi companion and I compared it to a soggy piece of overly sweet french toast, rather than the subtly sweet and slightly moist egg it should be.  I ate mine out of desire not to leave any sushi behind.  I ate hers on a dare, and so she didn't have to finish it.Have the sake, the maguro, the ika, the tako, everything else was fine.  Avoid the tamago.
4	Delicious food and awesome sushi. A pretty popular spot on State Street, and I've always had good luck with whatever I've eaten. It's a bit small and a bit crowded, and they can get pretty slow when they're busy, but otherwise awesome.
4	I missed eating sushi in San Francisco and Takara didn't quite cut it for me, so I tried Wasabi.I have to say that Wasabi's sushi is comparable to what I had back in S.F. -- They have good, fresh sushi there and their California Rolls are pretty addictive. My biggest issueis that the food is pretty pricey (I pay the same price or a less in S.F. and I get extra goodies like free tea and dessert), but otherwise the place is cool.Definitely worth it when you're not flat out broke and you're looking for something good to eat in Madison.
3	MY 2nd/3rd time here; Jennie & I had lunch here last Thursday to begin an afternoon of shopping and cascading down State St in the sparse and rare 76 degree weather here in Madison.As you know, we usually do Takumi near E. Towne but I wanted to shop & I am NOT a mall rat.Wasabi is small, quaint and the sushi chefs were quite friendly; Jennie ordered the Tempura Udon with I can't remember what roll.  I ordered a California Roll as an appetizer and the Teriyaki chicken (white meat only for an extra $1.50) w/ miso, veggies & white rice.  My chicken was a bit on the dry side; not succulent.  Veggies were crisp, my two (2) glasses of plum  wine were spot on and the soup was hot.Waitress was pleasant but brought my roll after my main meal - hurumph...Our total bill came to around $47 & change.I may return, but maybe just for some rolls.Pros:  Kick ass plum wine.Cons:  Please have my appetizer come BEFORE my entree, please.
3	I went to Wasabi back in high school. My friends ordered the spicy shirmp and spicy tuna roll among others that I did not try. I was a fan of both the spicy rolls, and I don't normally like sea-life sushi. Since I tried only a very limited number of items from the menu and the service was prompt and the decor was nice I get Wasabi 3 stars. I would have to try more items in the future to fully review Wasabi.
2	I too missed San Francisco sushi, like another reviewer but I did not have the same experience. I was going to give Wasabi 3 stars but the description "Meh, I've had better" is exactly how I feel about this place. I got a bento box and a piece of tuna sashimi. The tuna was a little mushy for my tastes, not quite fresh enough. As far as the bento box went the fish was a little dry and the tempura was not hot enough. To be fair, the last time I had sushi was at a really great place in SF that is in a totally different price range so I might be a little biased. I'll check out Takumi and hopefully I will get my sushi craving satisfied.
3	It's ok, I guess. I've been here couples of times, but nothing ever fascinates me. Standard service, standard food.
4	Wasabi... keeps it simple, consistently delivers.  My visits to Wasabi are now easily in the double digits, and I continue to return for their predictably well done food and approachable atmosphere.  As with any sushi restaurant, it's best to go when they are busy so there is more turnover with the fish on hand, but even on those busy weekend nights it is never much more than a 10-15 minute wait a most.  The generally have one 'special' fish on hand, but that's about as fancy as it gets.  I like sitting up at the bar, and asking the very friendly staff what fish is good on that day and asking for anything special Such as my favorite request: switch out the tuna on the Spicy Tuna Roll for hamachi (yellow tail)... oh man, a must have. The rest of the menu is also decent.  I like the chilled edamame, gyoza, yaki soba, etc., but it's all about the fish, and they do that very well.Other notes, it's upstairs, so if you're looking for it... look up.  It's on state street, so if the area is busy you may have to walk a bit from where you park, and also during the summer you can sit outside on the 2nd floor balcony for dining.  Good times!
3	Wasabi is one of those places you go to when you've got friends you haven't seen in awhile and you want to catch up. It's small, but comfortable and it's got a very pleasant atmosphere.The food is solid: I've had teriyaki and katsudon here and both are wonderfully cooked. Full of flavor and the textures are fantastic. I've never had any complaints about the food.But the service, on the otherhand--I have a food allergy to onion, which is very common in many of the dishes. All of the times I've been here, despite my asking to have them removed, I've found onions in my food. Fortunately, I'm not severely allergic so I picked them out, but they didn't know that and if I was, that could've been a problem.It's a very, very nice place, but I'll only be coming here when I've got others who just won't settle for anything else--not of my own accord.
2	After reading other reviews of this place, I decided to check it out after work with Jason O. for a healthy and fresh Japanese dinner. I am disappointed to report that Wasabi offered sub-par sushi and even worse cooked items. My judgement of a sushi restaurant's quality of sushi comes in the tasting of two different types of nigiri. The first always being tamago as it is the piece with the lowest payoff for a sushi restaurant (if they take pride in their sushi, they will do the tamago correctly). The second is going to be a well textured, but very delicate cut of fish (on this day it was halibut). The tamago was presented fallen over and was overly sweet with a "frozen" taste to it. The halibut was not even prepared correctly, there was no grated yuzu (I may be asking for too much at this point) and no salt on the on the fish (you do not use soy sauce for a fish like halibut). The fish itself did not have a clean flavor and an off-putting texture. Finally, the most unforgiving of sins against sushi that Wasabi commits is their packing of sushi. Sushi rice is not to be packed so tight as you are supposed to dip the sushi FISH SIDE DOWN. I am sorry to say that grocery store sushi is better than the offerings here. We then had the calamari appetizer. I don't even know where to begin here. Calamari should not be like onion rings (in other words, the batter should not fall off of the squid like an onion ring. Utterly disappointing. Finally, we ended with the unagi dinner. The fillets of eel were obviously pre-frozen/pre-cooked, drenched in eel sauce, served atop a bed of rice that could feed a family of five, and also contained bones. The side to this dish was not the usual fresh or pickled vegetables that one would find traditionally used to cut the richness of properly prepared unagi, but was instead limp and bitter sauteed cabbage.All in all, this was a very disappointing meal and I would be embarrassed to serve this food and call it "Japanese." I rarely ever give out 1 star, but usually 1-star reviews go to venues that have rats and cockroaches. I'll just say that this is barely a step above a 1-star venue.
2	I wasn't impressed with Wasabi.  I ordered a Chef's choice combination platter with 3 pieces of sushi, one roll, and 5 pieces of sashimi.  The roll was fine although I could tell the tuna wasn't all that fresh.  Speaking of tuna, that seemed to be what the chef was willing to part with - one piece of sushi was also tuna, and two pieces of sashimi were as well.  I actually love tuna, but this stuff was a bit mushy and pale looking...  I did receive one piece of salmon sashimi that was tasty and fresh, but the other selections were not much to speak of.  As noted in another review, the rice is packed too tightly as well - I don't like that - it makes me feel like someone was fondling my food before serving it up.Some folks seem to enjoy the atmosphere at Wasabi, but I personally do not.  For lack of better description, I'd say it feels kind of junky, but that's probably fitting for all the East Coast trashies that seem to frequent this joint - I mean who cares, Daddy puts the money in my wallet, and I just spend it.  Anyway, the service is equally unimpressive - we got water right away, but had to wait quite awhile before an opportunity to order...then the soup finally came...and then the main course (which I don't mind waiting for if the end result is satisfying).  Overall, the waitress was unwelcoming, disinterested, and didn't want to serve us - we were real nice to her anyway.So...sorry for being harsh, but this place is overrated.  I know it's a long standing Madison establishment, but there are several better options in Madison right now.  Wasabi needs to freshen up their everything, or get outta town!
2	Not great. I probably won't go back.
4	I like coming in for a quick bite here.  The beef soba and the sushi fish of the day are always good and fast.  The soba comes in a large bowl filled with cabbage, meat, onions, soba noodles, and other veggies.  Not super spicy, I will usually add a little chili spice to it; which they bring to the table too.  The hot green tea is very tasty and warms up the body after a cool walk on State Street (it also seems to never stop coming either.)  Typically I usually am in and out within 30-45 minutes.  Ask the sushi chef about the fish of the day, servers don't usually know.  Super Cali roll and spicy hamachi roll (must ask for this special) are super yummy!  Normally busy between 5-7 pm, I go before or after the college kid rush but they are open until 10 pm.
4	LOVE their beef udon!  It's the best udon I've ever had at a sushi restaurant.  The broth is spot on- not too salty and not too plain.  My bf and I have made it a tradition to stop in here for some udon and maki rolls whenever we visit Madison. Ask the waitress to split the udon into 2 bowls for easy sharing.  (Note: they charge $1 for splitting into 2...)
4	I only go for the sushi, and it is tremendous.  I have been eating at Wasabi for 10 years and still love it.  They have new sushi lunch specials that are incredibly affordable.  The always serve high quality fish.  Totally casual.  Great for lunch, and surprisingly just as good for a date.  If you are trying to impress someone and you want amazing atmosphere and sushi, this is not the place.  If you just want outstanding sushi, reasonably priced and comfortable place, its perfect.
4	The sushi is good, although it is not spectacular.  However, it's the best sushi we've found on state street and the wait staff has been consistently fantastic.  Sushi never seems like a fantastic value, and this is no exception, but at least they're not price-gouging idiots like the soon to be former owners of T Sushi.  I would give it a three and a half stars, but since they're so nice I'll go for four.
4	They have the generic sushis which I like. I am always a fan of those restaurants that have inari. I believe it's one of my favorites even though it's just rice and tofu. The sweetness of the tofu is just so satisfying !
4	Wasabi is a staple among my group of friends. They have good sushi and some interesting special rolls. All of dishes without noodles are served with soup. The yaki soba never disappoints. Their chicken katsu is good too, but a little expensive. The rest of the prices are reasonable.
3	Since there isn't many Japanese restaurants on State Street, Wasabi is considered one of the most go-to Japanese restaurants around the area. With its reasonable price and decent food, I went there often with friends to satisfy our sushi cravings. However, I wouldn't say it's the BEST sushi in Madison. Other places such as Takara or Ginza of Tokyo are just as good, with decent quality food and good service. The noodle soup at Wasabi taste okay, but are not very authentic, and the sushi are fresh, but not overly impressive. I do think that Wasabi is comparatively cheaper than other Japanese restaurants in town, and it's a nice place to have a relaxing get together with friends, or by yourself for a quick lunch!
3	I have mixed feelings for this restaurant. The first time I went there the service was terrible, the waitress was more concerned with talking to the cooks than getting my order filled in a timely manner. If they were able more busy at that moment I wouldn't mind as much, but at the time I was the ONLY one there. The second time, there were two waitresses and a little bit more people, however the girls were still too busy with gossiping in the corner, but they were more effective with the service, I guess it helped I was sitting at the actual sushi bar that time. The sushi itself is mediocre at best, I just moved to Madison and have a little pet project to try all the sushi restaurants in town to try to find my favorite. From my experience a Boston Roll consists of shrimp, avocado, and mayo. Their's apparently is just salmon and avocado. The only thing I found close was the Hidden Tiger Roll on their daily special roll that had eel in it. Reading through their menu it all seemed very plain and not following any of the recipe for the "traditional" rolls I've seen at other sushi restaurants. Also, the taste of the rolls themselves are rather bland.
4	We finally went here! I wish we had gone sooner, because we were desperate for sushi in Madison.Derek got teriyaki chicken, which he didn't like very much. He also got the Cathy roll which he loved. I got the autumn roll, which I also loved ... Finally, an INTERESTING vegetarian roll! (in Madison, it's either avocado, asparagus, cucumber, or veggie tempura ... Berkeley actually knew how to work with veggies in sushi!) It's pumpkin, avocado, and cream cheese. It had a great mild flavor; I loved the combo of pumpkin and avocado. I also got the asparagus roll which was good, but nothing special.It was pretty dead today at lunch so it was surprising how long it took for us to get our food, but it was fine. I don't think we'll ever go for dinner because I like the lunch special.
5	My friend said he always gets the udon here, so the last time we went out for lunch, I tried it too ...Oh wow.The flavors, the way the veggies were cooked, the noodles ... It was all so good!! I know this is going to be my favorite place all winter because that veggie udon warmed my entire soul. Now only if I could afford to shell out $7.50 every day (and then perhaps thousands for heart surgery later after I eat all that salt?).
4	Had a very pleasant and agreeable sushi lunch here. Service was outstanding and they had some reasonable lunch specials. I'd probably order something different next time as the rock n roll sushi was a little basic. The girl next to me had some sushi that looked outstanding. Overall I was pleased with this place and will be back.
2	The serving is good, but the steak dinner is not that good, also the sauce for the fried squid is strange.......
2	Sushi rolls were relatively small and overpriced. Nothing too special about them either. Very slow service. Just nothing special about the place-- of course, sushi in Madison is pretty tough to come by, so perhaps I just need to lower my expectations.
5	The food is made fresh NOT from frozen, so of course it's going to take time plus it's beautiful & yummy for your tummy..The food is authentic in looks, size & flavor..... real Japanese.... to come here is to relax, enjoy and not be in a rush... it's a good thing!!  The staff is always friendly. The women's restroom always clean. This would be an excellent choice for a first date, just because, a bad day recovery..graduation or birthday celebration, to enjoy something warm while the outside is cold! Just can't say enough good about Wasabi..
3	I wish I had better things to say, but this is sadly a joint that should have stayed in my undergraduate days. I wanted to say this is for people on budget BUT, its not that cheap either.The place is decent, clean and the sushi chef is friendly greeting us when we came in and was leaving.I would say, I wouldn't eat any raw stuff here, and the cooked dish I got was also so-so. Tonkatsu was dry and batter was not really there. $14.50 instead of the $10 lunch price I get at King Muramoto... nah. not gonna work.The only saving grace was the hot miso soup on the cold day I visited. Just not worth the price you pay, and the low traffic in the restaurant on Friday night makes me doubt the freshness of the sashimi and sushi they have.
4	For a (relatively) cheap sushi place, this place was good. I tried the vegetable udon and a few pieces of sushi rolls. For the most part, the sushi itself was just ok. Not bad, but not outstanding. It hit the spot without breaking the budget.The vegetable udon was good, but I was disappointed in the vegetables that were added. The mushrooms were good, but pretty much the only other veggie in it was cabbage (with maybe one or two slices of onion). I'm not very familiar with Japanese cuisine, and maybe it's supposed to be that way, but I was expecting a lot more different types of vegetables. The noodles and broth, though, were great. Next time I will probably try one of the udon noodle dishes with meat.I give it 4 stars because I will go back if I'm looking for Japanese food, but if I find another, better cheap sushi place then I might not go back.
1	Maybe we came on a bad night but that was so not impressive. Some of the worst service I've had in a while. They took forever to take our order in a non crowded restaurant. I barely remember what we got due to starvation messing with my brain that night.However I do remember that we ordered four quail eggs for two people, and they came in one dish. One. Even if that was for one person, four eggs on a little plate? How did you expect us to eat that I wonder. Also the sashimi/nigiri is definitely priced above the quality.
2	Delicious food but terrible service. We waited for ages to place our order, ran out of water, then had to beg to pay the check. Most tables turned over while we waited for everything.
