4	A Six Flags amusement park in Montreal, Canada.  It's Eastern Canada's largest park.  Coaster enthusiasts would have an amazing time with Bateau Pirate and Boomerang as they're thrill rides.Disappointedly the park does not offer bouillabaisse to patrons but does have French crepes for a taste of Paris, France making it authentic.
3	I guess I should first explain how I got to La Ronde.  I was on tour with a Senegalese band, traveling around the Great Lakes.  I had a day free in Montreal so I asked the concierge what I absolutely could not miss seeing while in town.  She tells me that there's an church in "Old Montreal" that I have to see.I got up early and went out for cereal.  Cereal in Canada is not as sweet as cereal in the US, in case you were wondering.  After breakfast I start to walk down toward Old Montreal, which has a bunch of docks.  I cannot find this church.  I ask a family about to get on a boat "ou est la cathedral de (whatever the name of the church was)?"  They ask if I'm American, tell me the church is just a few docks away and suggest I get on the boat and they'll take me there.Now normally I wouldn't get on a stranger's boat but I think, they're  not going to murder me with their kids there so I get on.  They give me half a sandwich.  I explain why I'm there, etc.  I start to realize that Montreal is bigger than I thought.  They drop me off, explain how to get to the church and invite me to their house for dinner.  I thank them.They dropped me off at the wrong place.  I somehow ended up at the Molson factory, no church in sight.  This is not the fault of my French.  I'm not sure how this occurred.  I ask some men standing outside in Molson jackets if they know where the church is.  They say they don't.  That's fine.  Now I want a tour of the Molson factory, even though it is offensively stinky outside.  I ask for a tour and they told me either they don't have tours on Sundays or they didn't do tours at all.  I say please.  They say "non."  I say pleeeease.  They say "non."So then I'm getting a tour of the Molson factory.  It is even stinkier than I expected; blah blah blah fermentation.  Because they're not supposed to let anyone in, I didn't get to see much.  Maybe the official tour is more interesting.  I ask the guys where I can find poutine, an item that everyone told me I should try and they tell me about a little cafe up the road about a mile.  I don't remember its name.I walk to the cafe and order some poutine and a beer.  At this point, my roommate Omar (who I was traveling with) calls and asks where I am because he wants to go out for lunch.  I pause.  I say "actually, I'm not even sure I'm in Montreal anymore.  But don't worry, I'll find my way back."  He does not let this go.  I suppose it would look bad if he came with me and 15 Senegalese men to Quebec and came back without me.  I ask the waiter where I am and he says "pres de le parc d'attractions!"  "Quel parc d'attractions!?" j'ai demande.Turns out the waiter got off in another hour.  I drink two more beers.  He has a monthly pass and we walk across a really beautiful bridge to the amusement park.  We get halfway across the bridge and he starts to reconsider.  It looks like it's going to rain.  In the story I tell my friends, I went the amusement park with the guy because they would think it's crazy that I went by myself, but I did.What is this a review for again?Oh, right.  So La Ronde.  Well, when it rains you slip all over the place if you're in flip flops.  I had to walk barefoot all day.  I couldn't believe it was a Six Flags because everything there seemed very pared down.  The roller coasters that I've been on a Six Flags parks in the US are much bigger.  Lots of annoying American kids, but I guess you find that at any amusement park near America.  Nothing amazing, but if you're in Montreal and regular site seeing isn't doing it for you it's not a bad idea.  Tickets ran around $45.My hotel ended up being about 9 km away.  I wish I could review the cab service because it was only $10 or so to get me all the way back there.By the way, does anyone know where that church is?
2	A few days into our vacation, my family was doing what it does best: bicker.  So, we thought, let's do something that will make everyone happy and go to a damn amusement park. Cue the big "wa whaaa" sad trombone noise here.Goliath gets the stars here. If you are a coaster enthusiast, then definitely check it out, though I warn that it is definitely not worth the $35+ entry fee alone.  The wooden Monstre is pretty cool as well; too bad I didn't get to ride it a second time because it broke down shortly after.Little did I know that this would be an ongoing theme.I've been to plenty of amusement parks before and know that this is the name of the game.  Shit breaks down, operators don't know anything about it so they have to call and wait for the mechanic, and you have to move on to something else for a while and come back later.  But really, we barely got to go on most of the thrill rides here that we wanted to because they were all broken down at various points in the day or appeared to be completely closed (including the other coasters, Vampire and Cobra).  Thus, the other more lame rides had longer lines that didn't feel worth it since we barely wanted to go on them in the first place.Also, the operators didn't seem to know how to run the lines fairly.  They often offered a single-rider line, with the incentive that you will be able to load more quickly than you would while waiting to fit your entire group.  However, the employee would often ignore the single line entirely and just pick people out of the other line, so we would be stuck there without the line moving at all.  My family and I eventually just gave up. So much for a carefree day.
4	An amusement park on an island! Cool!This is a semi- small park, which is fine by me. The bigger parks can be too crowded and overwhelming. This is more community oriented and feels intimate.Now owned by Six-Flags, not much has changed I am glad they kept the La Ronde name. I love the fireworks competition in the summer months. Every Saturday night in summer, they offer free outstanding fireworks (every week a new country sponsors the show) and they are hosted the La Ronde and the City. The park is clean, and close to downtown. I have walked there myself from the gay village and take almost 1 hour.
4	A pretty cool amusement park, even if it's small. There's pretty cool coaster like the Goliath and Le Monstre, a wooden coaster giving a nice vintage touch to the park.The food is expensive over there, 7$+ for a pizza slice and a pop... better bring your own food.The park is clean too, which is always nice and it's pretty safe to leave your stuff next to the ride or even on the grass, which surprised me honestly.
1	La Ronde's most salient feature is that it's located on "The Island." So, before delving into this review, I think it's worthwhile to do a quick recap of various famous events taking place on islands:1) Three Mile Island 2) Blackbeard's demise at Ocracoke3) Bay of Pigs4) Lost5) The Minotaur6) Australia (generally)7) Hiroshima/Nagasaki8) Pearl HarborI'm hoping that you notice a trend developing. Islands are meant to trap, and it seems that La Ronde takes full advantage of this fact and then some. Many of the roller coasters are placed on the periphery, where their extremes put you tantalizingly close to the bridges leading back to safety, the extraction "ponts."Upon arrival we studied the signs carefully. While we were on vacation, we were still mere mortals and needed to remain budget-conscious. $45 was on the high-end, but doable. We had come this far, needing excitement, food, and a place to pee in whichever order we could find. Two of us stepped to the ticket windows, handing over credit cards to their respective tellers. "That'll be $51," said one. We were taken aback. Had the prices suddenly jumped $6 in a few mere minutes? Had the greedy hand of Le Man again wrapped his chapped, demin-gloved hand around our dangling seed packs? Regardless, this was six dollars too far. The first of our group declined and requested a moment to reconsider. However, the other teller had not been as forthcoming and had already swiped for payment. No refunds.We spitefully followed suit, and moments later walked to the gates with four over-priced slips of paper. We were determined to get our money's worth. What comes next would not be best served as a narrative, but as a presentation of evidence to you, the jury, in order to prove beyond a reasonable doubt La Ronde's guilt in a "merde most foul."Exhibit A: The food court. If one follows the natural path leading into the court, you are first presented with the apparent crown jewel of French-Canadian cuisine: Indian buffet. If you are able to resist these immediate, low-hanging treasures, you are rewarded with a bevvy of exotic tastes such as "Subway," and "Dippin' Dots." We decided to continue our self-imposed experiment of "How Much Poutine Does It Take to Kill A Man?" Thankfully, the prices were roughly equal to the food offerings outside the park. Equal in the sense that a severed kidney rolled in paste and glitter is equal to a Faberge Egg.Exhibit C: The Rides. In all honesty, I may be mistaken on this, but if I am, it's only because it's my first time in an amusement park that leaves numerous rides unattended and shut down on weekends in order to create a sort of meta-labyrinth of urban decay. Luckily, the coasters were open (sort of--explained later), and that's all we cared about.     Exhibit C-1: Le Monstre: Supposedly one of the biggest wooden coasters in America. Unfortunately, no one cares about size when it comes to wooden coasters. If they did, you could save a lot of money and falls down a redwood tree. Wooden coasters are all about a balance between feeling like you're going to die and actually dying. But I'm from NYC, so maybe The Cyclone has spoiled me.      Exhibit C-2: Ednor-L'attaque: A deeply thematic coaster that warms you up by making your queue snake through a short introductory rip-off of Indiana Jones, then chills you to the bone by making you spend another hour listening to Katy Perry as you watch weeping pre-teens forced to shamefully walk past you towards the exit. If you're still able to handle the terror when you board the ride, you're treated to a terrifying explosion of water that hits no one from two spouts that may or may not be aimed in the general direction of the ride. Also, it's 40 seconds long and takes over 2 minutes to exchange riders.     Exhibit C-3: Goliath: This coaster earns La Ronde the only star keeping it in positive numbers. The decently-long ride, high-capacity, and exciting drops make this the worthwhile and redeeming aspect of the entire park. Much like the warm towel left on your face in between waterboardings.      Exhibit C-4: The Cobra: It's hard to talk about this ride without falling into a blank-stare trance, not unlike a Vietnam vet. I cannot ever recommend this ride in good conscious. However, a near-perfect simulacrum can be had by standing in place for two hours, duct taping yourself to a wall (standing up), then have one friend violently shake your head while another repeatedly uppercuts you in the balls. We could take no more. We were broken souls. I'm also running out of room. I leave you with two key points:1) The same Island held POW camps during WWII. Officially they were shut down. Unofficially, they were renamed "La Ronde."2) The Island is man-made from several smaller islands. It is, according to nature, not supposed to exist.In other words: Liberate tutemae ex inferis.
2	The service at this place has gone downhill! Ticket price for 2 people $120 plus Platinum flash pass an extra $140! Platinum Flash Pass "supposably" reduces wait time in line. To be honest that's questionable! I feel that this pass is a scam.http://www.laronde.com/larondefr/flashpass.asp  (Misleading description)Today I shelled out a total of $400 to have a great time with my kid, yet the rules seemed to change at any given time in regards to the famous Platinum Flash Pass. This bothers me, since they misrepresented the wording defined on website. I WAS UNDER THE IMPRESSION THAT THESE PASSES WERE LIMITED! Why was I told that this was not a VIP pass and why did I have to wait in-line for certain rides? Why aren't all rides covered under the Platinum Flash Pass? I also ordered a beer, at $6.50 a beer I expect a proper pour not 3/4 foam 1/4 liquid. The drink in question was poured by a 16 year old! Being in the food industry and being familiar with the law I know that this is not legal. I plan on complaining to the http://www.racj.gouv.qc.ca. Teenagers should not be pouring alcool. Obviously Provincial RULES do not apply to Six Flags in Quebec.
2	I understand where's all the hype for this amusement park is coming from, but I really don't think it's where it should be. First of all, this amusement park does not take debit cards, no restaurants in the entire park has a debit machine. So you're forced to go and use one of their ATM machines, turns out they ask for a $3 convenience fee, which is a load of bull, especially after you've spent $50+ to get in.The staff didn't alert us that most of the rollercoasters were closed when we purchased the tickets. When we were online, it only said that two rides were closed because an employee died at the Vampire. So we thought, it should be fine. Turns out we couldn't go on any, except for the Boomerang, Monster, and another one. We still had a great time there, given all the bad stuff that were happening at that time. But we aren't driven to go back again.
2	While the amusement park contains amazing rides be prepared for hours of waiting in line for seconds of pleasure. We were there with 3 children. An exhausting day most of which spent waiting in line in the sun while the children Get more cranky. There are ways to cut the lines with flash pass which to be honest make it frustrating for all those who need to wait. I teaches the wrong values to children.
3	Rides are awesome, and like any amusement parks, in order to avoid lines it is suggested to come early in the afternoon.I bought a season pass and the place was awesome for watching the international fireworks festival.The restaurants are overpriced and the drinks are extremely expensive. However La Ronde does not check your bag and they allow you to bring your own drink (water, soda, no alcohol).They closed some of the rides I used to enjoy few years ago, but they are constantly renovating and building new rides.
4	I had a great time at La Ronde - sort of like a Six Flags in Montreal. The ticket prices (~$50) were so much cheaper than what I was used to in Florida at Disney and Universal (~$90) that it seemed like a bargain.And they had a ton of Roller Coasters! I'm a coaster junkie, so this was awesome. We got to the park around noon, and had plenty of time to ride all the coasters and a couple of other small rides before it closed. I think Vampire was my favorite, although there was a problem with it while we were standing in line, and we frustratingly watched several coasters go by with no one riding them.Le Monster was in fact a monster wooden coaster - and there are two tracks you can ride. There's two lines too. We tried to be smart and get in the line with less people in it, but we soon realized that our side was operating only one train at a time, while the other side had two going, and moved twice as fast as our line. There was another coaster - Le Cobra, and it was just awful. It jerked your head around so much that everyone we got off with was complaining of headaches. They need better head rests or something, it was redic. Goliath was a crazy coaster, like a wave - up and down over and over again, with one turn at the end to send you back. Ednor (the lochness monster?) Was a quick but fun coaster, with lots of sharp turns and inversions. It reminded me of the dueling dragons coaster at Universal in Orlando. We had a lot of junk food - beignets and poutine - at La Ronde, but nothing was incredibly memorable. Oh yeah! We weren't allowed to ride the carousel because we didn't have any kids with us - uncool! It was mostly a really fun day though. You get incredible views of downtown Montreal over the river from the top of some of the coasters, so go ride your heart out!
5	OMG, this place was sooooooo cool! It was pouring down torrential rain but we went anyway. The only thing that sucked is that they closed a few rides due to the rain so I couldn't ride them. I went on most all of them more than once though. Goliath and The Vampire were so awesome!! I would love to go back someday. The backdrop and setting of this park is incredible. To hide from the rain we went and had some Jack Daniels shots at the Saloon. What a memorable day I had there!
4	FINALLY...at long last, after a year of living in Montreal and not getting around to coming here which I have wanted to do for a while now, I got around to visiting today since it was the second to last day before the park closes for the winter. Going in autumn has it's perks, an atmosphere a little more relaxed and cooler air than in summer. Still, crowds are many since the park is only open on weekends in the autumn. My friends and I had been planning to do this for weeks now and managed to catch a good day to go which presented a forecast of clouds but no rain which is perfectly fine. We showed up about a half an hour past opening time and crowds were big but not too overwhelming either. At this time, everything is Halloween-themed and the employees dress up quite creatively. We made our way quickly to Le Monstre where the wait was not bad at all. It felt good to feel the rush and energy of a roller coaster after four years of not being on one. I'd like to these things every year! We would have gone on the coasters a second time but we were concerned about wait times since more and more people came as the day moved forward. We moved on to Goliath and had one hell of a time there as well. The drop was exhilarating. Vampire proved exciting and amazing as well while Cobra had many good things about it but wasn't quite as thrilling as the others. Unfortunately, the last coaster we wanted to go on had a 2 hour wait and the general consensus was in favor of not waiting since everyone was pretty worn out after the fourth coaster in addition to all the walking and standing. We weren't generally interested in the smaller rides either though I wouldn't have minded a few of them. Organization and getting on and off the coasters was not hectic and went smoothly. We were 6 and being an even number is a gift. The chill and jitters after a roller coaster ride on an autumn day is well worth it!  Now, onto the food. Like anywhere else, food prices are outrageously expensive. Five dollars for a slice of crappy pizza from Pizza Pizza and eighteen dollars for a foot-long sandwich at Subway with a drink and cookies. Bring your own food if you really hate the idea of not only eating the park food but paying too much as well! Good luck sneaking it in. The first two coasters made us pretty hungry so we had to stop and pay the price. Before we called it a day, my friends wanted to go to a crepe shop we had passed. Be warned: However much you may like crepes, skip this and go somewhere outside the park for crepes that is not only cheaper, but doesn't take a millennium to prepare your order. Come on, this is Montreal! You can do better than La Ronde. Same with Poutine. This place was ridiculous; one person taking orders and making the crepes, according to my friend. We waited and waited..nearly forty minutes or maybe more. It's just not worth it. We could have gone on another ride instead before leaving. In conclusion, I had a really great time here and I will be back for that one coaster that we missed! I may just buy a season pass since it's only ten dollars more than a regular one-time admission ticket and gives you unlimited access to the park with a few other benefits as well.
3	On a normal day I would describe this park as: A rather small amusement park located on an island in the city of Montreal, where the pricing is average, the rides are average, the food is average, hell the whole park is pretty much average.On Halloween however the park comes to life, with special haunted houses and people walking around in costume. The one negative thing about that is however, that you have to pay extra for the haunted houses..even when you have a season pass. Conclusion: It's alright, not a magical adventure, but it's something to do when you're bored and have the extra cash. Personally, I'd stick to only going on/around Halloween, it's way more fun.
5	I live in the US near the Canadian border and with Montreal only around 90 min. away,  I decided to get season passes for myself and my family. Our first time up was pretty much awash. It rained quite hard and with the exception of activating our season passes, we did next to nothing. However, I went on 06/25/2003 and I was so pleased with some of the staff members I felt compelled to write a review. Sadly, I was unable to get all their names, but I wish to share my experiences. Rachel (who was working at a balloon ride near the McDonalds) replaced our refillable cups that were taken by another rider. Not only did she replace them, she gave us refillable popcorn and cotton candy cups. I was not upset the cups got taken, but she felt bad and she insisted I take these.  Melyssa (who was working the Goliath rollercoaster around 4pm) sat with my 8 year old daughter while my son and I rode the rollercoaster. Although the lines were short and it didn't take long, this ride was the highlight for my son and I that afternoon. She volunteered and my daughter enjoyed her company.  The third act of kindness was from a paramedic; who I actually thought was a security guard at first glance. My daughter was scared to get on a ride, there was no line, and at no point would she leave my line of sight. This gentleman observed me instructing my daughter not to talk to strangers and "wait right here". He kindly said he would keep her company while I was on the ride. Like I said, she never left my line of vision... but this man stood there the entire time and kept her company. Then about 4-5 hours later we saw him again and he took the time to ask us how are day was going and personally asked my daughter if she was still having fun.  These (3) employees are the main reason I am writing this review and I hope they get some recognition for their service above and beyond. As far as the park is concerned, the size is about right. They seem to have plenty of rides for all ages.  The place is clean and the lines were all super short; albeit it was a Tuesday and rain was in the forecast.  The food seems a bit pricey, but I did get the food pass. As far as the food pass is concerned, I am not sure it was worth it... but it's too early to make that decision.
1	Rude staff refused to let my twin sons on the mini rail when we go there more than 40 minutes before the ride closes. We were told that they close at 8:15 even if the sign said 9... T make things worst, they offer no compensation  whatsoever.  Truly a dissapppointing experience.
4	The main reason for my travel to Montreal was for the La Ronde and oh my goodness did I have the greatest weekend of the summer! I went with my best friend and we spent a whole day at the amusement park, riding our new favourites - le monstre, and the Goliath! It was incredible! The workers were extremely nice, and patient with us (our French was not as amazing as theirs!) and the view of the park was just amazing! Overall, had a really great Montreal because of this park!
1	Wow. I wish someone had stopped me from going here. It totally ruined my last day in Montreal.The food... don't. buy. any. Bring your own. You will end up paying $11 for soggy/half cooked fries and only a handful of them. If this happens to you and you complain in English then you are invisible. The lines are insane but that's to be expected. The issue was that the fast lane keeps going ahead at many rides without the staff letting us peasants from the normal line onto the ride - obviously this terrible system makes wait times extra long. We rode something like 8 rides all day. At Canada's Wonderland I ride them all and sometimes twice, no fast pass, my whole life. La Ronde has some serious organizational issues to tend to.
3	Being a huge Disney & Universal buff, this hometown park comes off as slightly disappointing. I really like the work however that Six Flags has out in to update the park, but is it enough. Lots of the rides don't work half the time, and they seem to be very poorly maintained. Another thing is personally I love a park with lots of variety, this park seems to just focus on thrill rides and roller coasters. Enough to make you very sick if you're someone prone to motion sickness. The food selection however is too notch, so much variety it's incredible. Overall you'll have a good time but it's nothing to brag about.
3	Very fun rides: I had a blast on every single ride. No exception, even if I practically let my sphincter almost released the feces I was holding in when I kept hearing scary cracking noises on "Le Monstre".5/5Staff:  Mostly bored staff, you can tell they are bored out of their mind and they probably don't get many rotations. The problem is some staff members are incompetent. On the Cobra, I was locked too high and I didn't touch the floor. I told the guy who just ignored me and smiled at me before launching me into a ride of despair. After I got off the Cobra, at my best friend's amusement, I involuntarily walked like a cowboy for the next 10 minutes. The G-force tanked in by my crotch during those loops was atrocious!On the Orbit, I nearly had a heart attack. The guy DID NOT LOCK MY FUCKING SEAT. The top part was LOOSE. When I reached the top, the top part extended completely and the belt started slipping out as my spine stretched and extended. I FREAKED OUT so hard I almost left an aerial trail of urine in the air. Jesus Christ man, lock the damn thing properly. 1/5.Food: OH MY GOD I LOVE GETTING FAT AT LARONDE. It feels so good yet so bad but then it feels good on the tongue so it makes it okay. That's pretty much all there is to say. Fully recommending the Nutella beaver tails. (Great selection in general too but don't expect healthy stuff)3/5 (-2 because it's expensive. Very expensive)Overall 3/5 because of the staff and poor management of the staff but the rest is pretty fun. The lines however are decently sized but SOOOOOOOOOO SLOW compared to Canada's Wonderland. They BARELY move. It's IMPOSSIBLE to go on the Goliath or the Vampire passed  12pm. Don't even try. Not worth the 2 hour wait. Try to aim it on a Wednesday before elementary school/highschool starts.A pass is not really worth the money but a seasonal pass is way worth it if you plan to go there often. La Ronde is better than some parks but much worse than many. Still love it though and still worth going there once or twice :).
3	La Ronde ate up a significant amount of our trip out west. Although it's certainly not Canada's Wonderland, it was worth checking out.Pros:- We received a Fun Pass when we purchased our Day Passes - the lady at the ticket booth explained that the price was the same, and the Fun Pass is good until September. For this reason, we went a second time to make use of it.- Given that La Ronde is a fairly small park, it's pretty easy to navigate.- Rides worth mentioning: Vampire (I went 4 times), Cobra, Manitou, Vertigo, Bumper Cars, Demon, and a few others whose names I can't recall.- Both of our visits occurred on overcast, drizzly weekdays. This is the best time to go - lines were generally nonexistent. - Some staff members were very pleasant.Cons:- Traveling through Montreal to get to the park was a nightmare.- Ridiculously expensive to get in (parking and tickets) and to eat - just like every other amusement park in existence. - Many of the rides are really showing their age, and a significant number of attractions were shut down - some even seemed abandoned.- A few rides cost extra - we tried the Slingshot, which was $20 per person. It was fun, but not worth that much money. The Go-Karts were also extra but they were closed.- Rides not worth waiting in line for if you're an adult: Dragon.- As others have mentioned, La Ronde simply isn't designed to handle large crowds the way Wonderland is; therefore, you might end up waiting a while.- Some staff members seemed like they hated life.As always, if you're going to head to any amusement park, I'd recommend taking the whole day to really get your money's worth. With a few updates here and there, I'm sure that La Ronde could go from good to great.
4	Best to visit in AugustSix Flags is to California as La Ronde is to Montreal. So if you want to actually spend most of your enjoying the rides get there before noon. Best Rides:VampireLe MonsterGoliathThe food is overpriced and okay tasting but what do you expect. It's a theme park. You come for the rides not the food.
3	La Ronde is definitely better than a lot of the other Canadian theme parks such as the PNE in Vancouver, but it pales in comparison to the theme parks that you can find in America and Asia. I really enjoyed several of the roller coasters at La Ronde but my first experience here in the summer was horrible because it was extremely humid and the 90 minute wait for the Goliath was simply torture.  Since there was a promotion going on at the time, we decided to purchase a year pass so we could go several times throughout the summer.  Our second visit was actually in the pouring rain while our third visit was probably the best because it was just cloudly.  Our final visit was rainy as well but it was the most worth it because we got to share our 50% off coupons with our friends who had never gone before. Anyways, I think La Ronde is definitely a fun theme park if you're stuck in the province of Quebec, but I would much rather go to Fuji Q Highland or Disney Sea in Japan.  Tip: Their season passes actually work at any of the Six Flag theme parks in North America!
