5	Such a great vibe!  Everyone is very up beat and happy :) The office its self is very modern and up date making checking in and out very fast. The only thing is be careful of parking some spots are for other businesses and they will tow so be careful
5	What an awesome business! Friendly, knowledgable people that make you feel like family when you come in. I can't to tell you how refreshing it is to walk into an audition and feel welcomed! Auditioning is a scary enough experience without feeling intimidated by your environment and the people auditioning you. Here you'll find great people who love what they do and have an extensive amount of knowledge and experience. Oh, and I also recommend taking one of Faith's workshops... I took one recently and I learned some very valuable tools that will definitely help me in future auditions :D
5	Before I start writing my review, there are 2 things I want to share if you are a talent reading this or someone interested in getting into this business.1.  I don't know how casting directors spend their "off" time but when they are casting, they are one of the hardest working people I know. 2.  If you get notice of audition, it means they think you have a chance of getting the booking- they've already spent their time & prescreened you so JUST SHOW UP & BE ON TIME!  Don't throw the opportunity away!Now to Good Faith- I first auditioned for Good Faith many, many years ago for an America's Best commercial (got a callback and almost booked) and during that audition the impression I had of Faith was she's a nice person and I haven't changed my mind since then. I've auditioned for her more in years past and there has been times when I've felt like I totally flopped or was way too nervous cause those who know me knows I can sell ice to the Eskimos- but for whatever reason when I start thinking too much about the auditions, ping pong balls start bouncing in mind and I can be like a deer facing headlights. Which mind you, has nothing to do with the casting director.  Faith and Bella are great, they want you to succeed. So when you read this, and it reminds you of yourself, just know you're not alone in feeling nervous or whopped out. There are some actors that are naturals and I've met a few of them. They naturally shine when recorded on camera. I can shine too- I just need a bit of guidance. Which brings me to Faith's workshops. First and foremost, they are fun & informative. And Faith is FUNNY when she is teaching. She cracks me up!  Last year was a good year, I loved her workshops so much I took them all. (Here's a tip I will share with you- take as many workshops as you can with casting directors. Why?  Because when you know what/how they are it's easier and more relaxing to audition for them and when they know YOU, it's easier for them to know what roles suits you!) In fact, I kind of miss them so I will take them again I enjoyed them so much.  So if you get the chance, taking some workshops from Faith!Why am I being so candid when it's no secret that casting can be competitive?  Well, because I've been lucky enough to be on set a few times and it's a ton of fun.  It would be great if someone after they've read this, take a few workshops, do great at their audition, get booked and get on set!  The other thing about Faith's workshops is that they are practical. I don't want to write too much details- just take my word for it- you will learn something useful by the end of the workshop. Highly recommend!Oh, and I love Faith & Bella too. The way they interact w each other- what a dynamo team!  #goodfaithcasting #sscho47
