3	Just opened so let's give them a chance.  The idea is great but unless the bagels get better, I'd say more hype than substance.  And a true no-no these days- - Styrofoam coffee cups.  Just talked to one of the owners who assured me paper cups on the way.  A few more fixes and another star.
3	These guys do not get it.  Butter on one side of the bagel.  Excuse me, what happened to the other side?  Osmosis does not work with butter and bagels. Then the website refuses to let me register the loyalty card the staff handed me.  I really wish the owners understood how to address the little things that separate restaurants.  And, when are you going to get rid of styrofoam cups?  Good concept for bagels, which are OK.  Mediocre execution on everything else.  Gone by the end of the year.  Hope I am wrong in the prediction.
5	Hey I think this place is great the bagels are fresh, the salads are fresh, and the Black and White cookies are out of this world. The people are nice and the everything is ready quickly. If you want, need, have to have a great bagel, this is the place to go.
5	Best bagel breakfast sandwiches in the Ballantine area. Good selection of flavored coffee.
5	These are just  as good as our favorite bagels in NYC!!  We are so happy to have great bagels in the area...finally!
4	Ok, it's a new place so I am going to be patient. Bagels were great. My only issue was that I was served enough cream cheese for 3 bagels. Very messy and they toasted my bagel when I asked for not toasted, which made the cream cheese even messier. My daughter had an egg sandwich. I'm ok with microwaved eggs but the cheese was also nuked which made it drip all over the sandwich and was too hot to eat at first. Lastly, I was second on line for 5 minutes while the extra cashier felt compelled to make sure there were enough drinks in the cooler, not a big deal but speedy service for bagel shops is key. These are all minor glitches that can be fixed. Would definitely go back, the entire staff made an extra effort to be nice and helpful. Hope it lasts, since its so dang convenient
5	I am from NYC and have been looking for good bagels in Charlotte & finally have found them.  Shiny exterior & chewy inside - not bread in the shape of a bagel.  Run don't walk - & don't forget the whitefish salad!
5	I came here with Kelly C. when Pete made such an impression on how awesome this bagel place is, we just had to try it out. A bit of a back story, my husband's family are all from New York, Brooklyn mostly, and Queens. Brooklyn water is kind of a mythical creature. Unless you've had it, you don't really know how to comprehend just how good it is, you only hear of stories how people bottle it, ship it, bring it back to NC, because the water here just does not compare. They've always said someone should market Brooklyn water and make a business out of it. Well guess what? Someone finally did. Aside from awesomely awesome bagels and sandwiches. Which are totally bargain priced. And huge black and white cookies (like dinner plate huge & for $2.50??!!??). They have a soda fountain for egg cremes and lots of mixing. I love mixing my own cherry sodas, and creating new concoctions. They also have a water tank in the back. If you're looking for the story, ask an employee. They will explain how they take Charlotte water and make it Brooklyn water. How they then use that water in the bagels, and the soda fountain, and pretty much everything else they do. They call it "Brooklynized" water. So please. All of the people who decided to move to NC from NY. Even those who are not. Do yourself a favor and visit this place. You won't be disappointed.
2	The bagels are just ok. They don't have much of a selection to choose from. What they do have is not as good as Einstein Brothers in my opinion. First time I went here, they barely put any butter on my bagels. This time was better but they didn't clean the knife before putting butter on my bagels and it tasted like garlic. A cinnamon raisin bagel doesn't taste that good with garlic butter.
3	Stopped by again for another try. This time they didn't have any plain "cold" bagels, only right out of the oven bagels. This makes for a messy, melty cream cheese sandwich. C'mon guys, I really want this place to work, how do you run out of plain bagels. Again, it all tasted great but its not what most people want.
5	Great NY style bagels! Coffee is great as well. They provide simple syrup for the iced coffee so it will mix better than sugar granules. And the ice cubes in it are made with coffee so you get more coffee as they melt!
4	I stopped in Saturday afternoon for a light lunch. After chatting to the staff I decided to go with the roasted turkey on an everything bagel (double toasted) and the Canarsie Concoction. The bagel was very tasty! It's a nice size with a great crispy crust and tons of flavor. The heaping portion of roasted turkey was a nice treat and I loved that condiments are all self served. I added some deli mustard and my sandwich was so tasty!  I'd definitely get this again!The Canarsie Concoction was fan-freaking-tastic!!!!! The coffee beans are roasted with kahlua, vanilla and caramel flavoring. The ice cubes are made from coffee and are a delicious treat once all your coffee is gone. Per the suggestion of the staff, always use the sweet syrup...never the sugar packets! Totally worth it! Oh and if you need more flavor they have self serve hazelnut, vanilla and caramel creamer! I'd come back sooner if it was closer to my side of town! But I'll definitely looking forward to coming back!
4	This place was nice. They are obsessed with their water and they have a huge potion of the place set up to make the water just like it is in NY. I'm not sure if it is a good thing or a bad thing because the bagels are so so. But, this a place worth going to.
5	Sunday morning, craving a sausage, egg & cheese. So, instead of the usuals I decided to head toward the Ballantyne area to check out The Original Brooklyn Water Bagel Co. And, boy was I happy. Upon arriving I checked out the menu board and was torn, because a few of the signature meals sounded great. However, I decided to stick with my original craving on an everything bagel. All I can say is fantastic. The egg whites were fresh, not a mold like others I have experienced. The bagel, fresh, chewy, and for an everything bagel it was covered with all the right spices/seasonings! The restaurant has a few two seated and four to six seated tables and a TV. The service was outstanding & they even checked on customers and took finished plates away. I cannot wait to get back.
4	Love the bagels. The service is great.  Coffee not so great but I hear that the ice coffee is good.
5	Great breakfast sandwiches on a toasted bagel. I'm also a fan of the iced Cubsta coffee with the iced cubes made with coffee so it doesn't get watered down. You can customize your coffee, which I love. My only wish is that they had a size smaller than the 24oz.
3	Was excited to see this in town as I tried them on my last trip to Florida and loved their bagels. I ordered a pumpernickel with cream cheese... the bagel was disappointing, it was very chewy and a little tough to eat, I had not tried the pumpernickel previously so not sure if that's the style of it or I had a bag bagel, there was also a TON of cream cheese on it... enough cream cheese for at least another bagel, if not maybe two... I would definitely ask for it on the side or super light next time. My friend ordered a whole wheat bagel with egg and cheese.. it was huuuuge, TON of egg on it... (cant complain). We should have shared breakfast for sure!I will go back and give it another try and opt for a different type of bagel, loved this place in FL!
5	I stopped in the other day with my entourage of devastatingly good looking friends and  of course my awe inspiringly good looking girlfriend. So naturally when we entered everything came to a screeching halt. A few women audibly gasped as I approached the counter and a grown man began to weep as my gang of filthy bagel hungry sluts sauntered bye.I'm from NY originally, and you know how annoyingly snobbish we can be about our food. Probably most painfully arrogant about our pizza, and also bagels. I know I am at least. I suffered through a few bagel experiences in Florida that bordered on that scene from The Marathon Man....you know which one you coy little devil.This place knocked my proverbial socks off son! I kid you not kid, this was legit NY style bagels, not even forgetting the obscene amount of cream cheese. I was also pleasantly surprised to see the Honeymooners playing on the TV. (Went home and pirated the series that night....shhhhh.)Great food, and a friendly staff! I felt sort of bad for the poor girl who was making bagels behind the window. I felt like I was at the Zoo and she looked pretty uncomfortable back there. Also there was a mildly creepy old guy whose shorts were way to short. I mean why the hell should I have to look at that before I even have coffee? I expect them to fix this immediately.
1	A gimmick for Southerners! The bagels are overpriced and hard. Save your money and hit Bagel Bin down the road, they don't need "Brooklyn Water" to make a better bagel. Don't expect them to last long. Bad location and high rent will be their downfall.
5	This is reminiscent of the bagel shops in NY that I would frequent with my family. Fresh made bagels, egg sandwiches, muffins and a drink bar stocked with Fox's u-bet syrups. Instructions to make your own egg cream or cherry coke. We took a while to decide, since my little girl couldn't decide between a muffin or bagel, but the employee was friendly and helpful. We ordered a sesame bagel with plain cream cheese, coffee, chocolate chip Their bagels were crisp and chewy. Perfect combination in my book. While we were eating, there was a flood of customers and each was helped quickly and efficiently. .We will be back to try the different varieties of bagels. Hopefully it will be soon!
4	the bagels are great! love the iced cubstas! do not order to-go for large group... had to put lids on all my cups. no to-go creamers. staff was not helpful with take-out!
5	I need to start by saying I've never eaten here; this review is based on a conversation I had with my father today. Dad moved here 7 years ago from Long Island, NY; and he hates it here. He hates everything about Charlotte, the Carolina's and the south. He complains regularly about everything and anything and in 7 years, and has *literally* never liked anything he has tried here. Until today. He goes to all the restaurants that advertise they have NY Style anything, and is always disappointed. Until today. Today, Dad had a bagel from this shop, and loved it. He used words like exceptional and excellent and was genuinely happy and excited about the bagel. It's the first time in 7 years he's liked anything he's tried. I can only take this to mean the bagels are beyond authentic, and taste like bagels from NY. If dad likes these bagels, I'm certain you will too.
4	Okay so I understand that this is the holy grail for displaced New Yorker's but this southern girl loves it also.  I'll let ya'll eat my biscuits and gravy and drink my sweet tea if you let me eat your bagels and drink your Brooklyn coffee. Only thing that I ask is, please say hello, hold the door and smile at others- it's how we do it down here :-)I have tried the Asiago bagel with veggie cream cheese and the Staten Island with egg white, spinach and mushrooms. Love them both!
4	Closest I've found to NJ/NY bagels in Charlotte area.. Bagels are pretty great, had a sausage egg and cheese and it was delicious.  A little neater (fluffy scrambled egg) and less greasy than a true Brooklyn bagel,but that's really not a complaint and I guess that's the Charlotte touch .
5	This place gets 5 star because it does what so many others have failed. Deliver consistent and quick breakfast sandwiches. Their ice coffee is the best I've ever had.
3	This company claims to have Brooklyn style bagels. I will admit, that they are some of the best bagels I have tried in the are, especially because the everything bagel is truly an everything bagel, but they are not brooklyn bagels. Their cream cheese selection is sub-par, and they don't even have lox. Great place to go for a bagel when you're craving one, but not exactly what they claim to be!
4	I crave these bagels. I come here for two things.  The chestnut coffee and a toasted everything bagel. As a native born NYer I have a need for water bagels. We were born with a bagel in our mouth. These arent as good as a Bagel Train bagel from Suffern NY but they will do.  I must say, whenever I have gone here at about 10/11 am I have obtained a freshly baked just out of the oven everything bagel. Just what I want! Customer service has always been good.  Just try to avoid all the former NYers lurking around at the tables...I have always had my bagel TO GO!!. Oh, the reason I did not give five stars...my hubby asked for walnut raisin cream cheese, a staple in NY/NJ delis.  They do not have these or any other sweet flavors. So sorry Brooklyn but you lost a start.
