5	Say, for the sake of argument that you're a litigating attorney who practices in San Francisco, but you have a case pending in Phoenix, and the deadline under the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure for serving defendants in said complex multi-party class action seems to be the Monday following a holiday weekend.  Say also, for the sake of argument, that there's a business defendant in that case you still need to serve, that said defendant resides in Phoenix, and also that it happens to be almost 2:00 p.m. on the Thursday before the the Friday holiday referenced above.Say then, for the sake of argument, that you call up Arizona Quick-Serve and explain your predicament.If that all happened to you you'd find yourself in good stead.  Nice efficient customer service, and they get it done right.Go forth and litigate!
1	I had to have someone served in the Phoenix area and my first thought was to have a friend in the area serve them. I asked a couple friends to serve the other party at work. They almost pulled it off but the other party realized that they were trying to serve papers and avoided service. Rather than ask my friends to take on this assignment, I thanked them for their effort and started calling process service companies.I settled on Arizona Quick Serve because they didn't promise the world and did not come off as 'salesy' like some of the others did. I soon found out that this was so because they had no real interest in anything beyond getting paid.More than a month later, two court continuiances. two charges for attempted service and some investigative work, they are not only not close to serving the other party, they never have been. The closest anyone has been to serving them were my friends - the non-professionals. It's not like the other party is avoiding service, either. They have agreed to meet for service on a couple of occasions only for AQS to have no servers available to do the job. Now as the court will not allow any more continuances in my case, my case manager with Arizona Quick Serve will no longer take my calls. He's avoided my last five calls to the office (over eight days).In short, my experience has been that Arizona Quick Serve has been one of the most apathetic companies I have ever dealt with. There is no urgency until the day of the deadline and rather than get the documents served, they avoid communicating. My advice would be to call any one of the many other process servers in Phoenix. This one will happily accept your money but not much else.
5	Quick professional service. Thank you!!!
