5	I went in on 7/25 for my 2000 Jeep Strangler.  Good customer service.  They listened and did not try to push me towards services I didn't need.  My car was fixed the same day and they picked me and my three kids up when it was done.
1	I had heard so much about how wonderful Tobias is. Decided to switch from dealer service to Tobias. However, my first experience with customer service was such a disappointment! I called for an estimate on work to be done." Chuck" acted disinterested, but took my information. This is a very expensive job, by the way. "Chuck" promised to call me back as soon as he had an answer. Well, he never called back. Messages left were not returned. I won't even consider them now. Horrible first impression. I would suggest Andy Tobias have a talk with "Chuck." It doesn't matter how busy or popular you are now, to IGNORE a potential customer is just not right.
5	Thank you Tobias for you recent service on my HHR. Within a week you got my transmission replaced!! I am back on the road. Big Kudos to Chuck over at the Cave Creek location. To all of my Yelp friends, if you need a referral for a great automotive repair shop and servicing center go to Tobias Automotive Specialists
5	The guys who work here treat the simple things I've needed done to my car as carefully as if they were rebuilding its engine. For sure, this is the come to place for all your automotive needs. Without a doubt they have my future business.
5	The guys who work here treat the simple things I've needed done to my car as carefully as if they were rebuilding its engine. For sure, this is the come to place for all your automotive needs. Without a doubt they have my future business.
5	One of the busiest times of the year for my business (being a pet sitter during Christmas holidays), my car decided the alternator should die.  My husband tried to change out alternator on a Sunday (without correct tools) and the next day is Christmas Eve.  So, on Christmas Eve I called Tobias and they said they would be open until noon.  Called Super Hook towing and they went out right away and had my car to Tobias by 9:30am.  The tech at Tobias had my alternator changed and my car running by 11:30.  (The right tools always help.)  Thank you Tobias!!
5	I've taken 3 cars to Chuck at Tobias and each time, he's exceeded expectations. Customer service is fantastic. On a Mercedes convertible repair, his quote was less than half of what Shumacher wanted for a very intricate hydraulic repair. On an older Acura, he continued to work on the vehicle until the air conditioning was blowing colder than it did originally. I'm now a loyal customer and call Chuck before anyone else.
5	Chuck and company are nothing short of awesome....several years having these guys work on our cars and they are OUTSTANDING!!
5	I have been doing business with Tobias' Automotive for several years and am very impressed with their mechanical knowledge and fast service on repairs.  The staff is friendly and goes out of their way to make each visit the best!  Alan S.
5	Tobias is a wonderful local car and truck repair. We have been using them for 4 years and I can't say enough about how professional, honest and thorough they are. Chuck, Chris, Jason the whole crew is nice. They keep you informed! They also have a courtesy vehicle. Such a great Local - Cave Creek - complete auto care. Thanks!
5	What is not great to say about Tobias' Automotive Specialists.  Let me start from the beginning:  My wife and I were not seeing eye to eye on my career choice.  Being a former analytical therapist, and recently realizing that I wanted to be an actor, my wife forced me out of my house and made me live in my car.  Luckily, it was a newer GMC diesel truck, so there was plenty of room.  Here is where Tobias' Automotive Specialists came to help.  I was adding some BlueDef Exhaust Fluid to my truck and I spilled it all over myself.  My brother in law was nearby and asked me if I was OK.  Admitting to him that I was afraid I just blue myself, he asked what I was trying to do.  I explained to him the situation with my wife, and that in an effort to save money I had tried to practice working on my car.  Unfortunately during this practice I had prematurely blown my wad on car parts, and now had a bit of a mess on my hands; as I had essentially ruined my truck by practicing on it.My brother in law then told me about Tobias' Automotive Specialists.  They worked with me from day one to repair my truck.  Being a struggling actor who had yet to take one in the can as far as gigs go, they gave me a fair price on all of the repairs on my truck.  I was so pleased with their service that I packed their sweet pink mouths with ice cream after I picked up my truck!!!Thank you Tobias' Automotive Specialists!!! You really are a queen in my book!
5	I called tobias to get a second quote on having my jeep wranglers alternator changed out and instead of just giving me a quote like most businesses would do they went out of there  way to call up the dealership and get them to cover my alternator under warranty. they never had to go out of there way to do this but did it anyways. I ended up getting my alternator covered under full warranty because of them. great company and great customer service.
