4	Located on Rainbow and Smoke Ranch, this place turned out to be good!As I walked in, it kind of reminded me of Roberto's because it has the Salsa bar. Of course only women work there because it is called Las Gorditas, I don't speak Spanish but I know anything ending in AS is lady or girl (I think). When I looked at the menu and looked at the prices my eyes got wider, everything on the menu is less then $6 bucks. So if your on a budget you can get a gordita for only $2.45 which is kind of like a small taco with a pocket. So far I have tried the carne asada burrito which is pretty good which has rice, beans, and meat. The meat was cooked perfect, not too salty and not too greasy. I also tried their Gorditas which is pretty good, you can make it a combo if you want which you can either pick 2 or 3 Gorditas that comes with a side of rice and beans. They also serve different flavors of shaved ice, smoothies, and fresh squeezed juice!
3	I just recently found this place on Rainbow near Smoke ranch. This is my 3rd time here the food is decent enough to eat here when I don't feel like driving too far for real good Mexican food. The raspados ( crushed ice with a syrup flavoring ) are the best I've had here by far. The down side to this place is that they don't have a variety of meat options for tacos. And the wait was the worse. Im a pretty patient person but I swear the wait for fast food tacos was over 20 minutes and the place wasn't packed at all.
2	I had both a red tinga as well as a chili verde gordita. I also enjoyed a large cup of the best Horchata in Las Vegas. Fresh and warm, the gorditas were filling and good.....but not great. Good for a quick stop, but there are much better options when looking for a full flavored, spicy, authentic gordita. The service was very friendly and the restaurant spotlessly clean, almost antiseptic.
5	The raspados are AMAZING! I could seriously substitute all my meals for a raspado.
4	Great food, great flavor just the salsas need to improve a lot
