5	I heard they sell the Westin Heavenly Bed (well, the version of it) and they do and we bought it Sunday at 5:30pm, they said they could deliver it that night!  HOLY COW!  That's awesome.  Even though we had it delivered the next day, we were very impressed with the same day delivery option.Michael Christie was our guy, he was knowledgable and professional.  Not a salesy type of guy and we liked that about him.  There were many options to choose from in all price ranges.  As we were matress shopping, we found it a bit odd to be laying around on different mattresses in public and discussing what we liked and didn't like about each one-- but in Mattress Firm, it wasn't as odd feeling as some of the other stores we hit up that day.Buying a new mattress feels like the best thing we have done in a long time.... the one we picked out is AWESOME so far.  The price is pretty hard to beat BUT if we see that exact same mattress for a cheaper price at their store or any other store, they will refund the difference PLUS 10%.  The delivery guys set it up in less than 15 minutes and gave us the 5-8pm time slot and arrived just a bit after 5pm-- loved that.  I hate sitting around and waiting and waiting.If all goes well, we won't need to buy a new one in at least 15 years so let's hope I don't review another mattress store until then.BTW, the Heavenly Bed knock off is a Simmons Beautyrest Classic.  They say it is the same bed but without the Westin tags on it.  We got the upgraded one for a bit more firmness and the pillowtop.  I want to lay on it all day.  Sweet Dreams.
5	THis is for the Brand New location 4747 E. Bell Road. (Bell and Tatum blvd). I am happy to review this location. I recently needed a full size mattress for a guest room and was on limited budget. The mgr here (John) really worked with me to find a comfortable mattress at a great price. I shopped the dump and sleep america and found them both to be overpriced and dirty facilities.Best thing is trying the mattress. I layed next to my little boy while he played games on my phone. I wanted to make sure no numb spots after laying for 10 minutes. They were super helpful!
5	Unbelievable!  Within 2 weeks I have had 2 great experiences with the store manager and the interim store manager. I bought the wrong bed and box springs for my 88 year old mother. I went back today and the interim manager, Jacob Tinsley, was superb. Jacob demonstrated the utmost professionalism in supporting my problem, his competence in communicating and understanding his inventory, and took every precaution possible to ensure all of our transactions were complete and accurate. With Jacob's support, I bought another set for my mother and kept the great buy I relieved last week. I would recommend Mattress Firm to anyone, and especially Jacob. Just when you thought it couldn't get any better, because I had asked for Clyde, the store manager that was in vacation, Jacob credited the sale to him. Every company should have a Jacob on their sales team. Thank you!
