5	What a hidden Gem!  I was definitely a little apprehensive to head in due to the fact that it looks like a church-based coffee shop, but after being re-assured by their description I gave it a whirl and I'm so glad that I did.  The inside to this place is really spacious and they do a great job at making things really comfortable.  It has a dark tone to it, but plenty of tables and comfy looking chairs to sit in.  There's also a stage, and on Friday night there was actually an acoustic duo that played which can add a nice touch.The coffee was good as well, I had my go-to Skim Latte and it was excellent.  The prices were definitely reasonable, and the fact that they donate all profits to worthy causes is just incredible.If I still worked in Scottsdale I would no doubt make this a hot spot to frequent.  For the time being, I'll head there for any 'meeting in a coffee shop' type needs.
4	Love this place and love working here!  I like to go to local establishments as often as possible and this is the only coffee house in Old Town that I can find.  The staff is super-friendly and the atmosphere is great.  Couches, high-boys or tables to choose from and free wi-fi.  I highly recommend!The only reason I give it 4 stars is the selection of coffees are not as varied as most, but they have the basics - smoothies, lattes, coffee and scones, etc.
4	Lovely.And I have to agree with Dan, Winfield's is truly a hidden gem! Great vibe with the set up and deliciously squishy couches. Went on a Tuesday afternoon- can't wait to check it out on a Friday night with live music:) Oh yeah...the coffee was spectacular too;)
1	After seeing such glowing reviews, we had no hesitation heading over here for post-dinner caffeination. We ordered a dirty chai and a skim latte. Sadly, the espresso is overroasted and lackluster. I didn't make it past the first few desperate sips. I rarely turn away espresso, but even I can't stomach a burned, watery latte. The chai was overly sweet and unbalanced as well. I wanted to like this place as it has a charming atmosphere, but I don't think I will be back.
4	Don't be intimidated by the fact that this cafe is literally built into a church. It's one of the friendliest, coziest, and cleanest coffee shops I've ever seen. Free wifi and a variety of seating options make it great for working. It was also nice to read that all profits go to (non-religious) charity.
4	what a great place! I had a staff meeting here this morning and it was perfect. Great selection of drinks, and pastries. The barista recommended the jasmin tea, (my friend asked for a tea recommendation) I had one as well and it was AMAZING! The only thing is there was no honey at the bar;( I will be going here more often!! this place is great for very small groups (we had 8). Take your "Starbucks" meeting here first!
4	A co-worker and I checked out this place, mainly because in Scottsdale most of the coffee joints are chains, and this is one is built into a church. We figured it couldn't be that bad... and we were right!Service is fantastic, the coffee is great, and the food look great! We haven't had a chance to try any of the grub there yet, but I'm sure one day we will.
5	Come on thursday for fun karoake. Great coffee and servers
5	This place is by far, my favorite coffee shop. Atmosphere is great, staff is wonderful, coffee and food is amazing! I also found out that the staff is 100% volunteer and ALL proceeds go to good causes. Can't beat that!
4	I really enjoy this location for music. The venue is warm and well appointed, with an actual stage and nice sound coming from a Jazz Combo every weekend. There are snacks, warm drinks, and some smoothies if you wish.  There is a couch and two comfy chairs, along with tables and bar seating int he back.  The venue is really inviting and the church members who volunteer are very supportive. Try this out, you won't regret hearing some of the Valley's best musicians.
1	No stars for a place that says its open when it's not. I came here with an open mind and ready to do 5+ hours of work. Not only did it push back my productivity, I thought it'd be nice to take a walk here which means I walked to the next coffee shop in extreme heat. Wish I could have had that cup of joe is all! Ahhhh
5	Nice place, excellent service, good products, and small prices! :D
