4	I really loved this place and still do. I get upset when places open they have their prices rock bottom affordable and then year after year, they raise them up. So unfortunately we don't go as often as we like, but it is still pretty good.
4	I am not the biggest frozen yogurt fan I am more of an ice cream man myself but i must say golden spoon really hits the spot. Nothing too fancy just good old tasty frozen yogurt with your choice of a bunch of toppings if you see fit. I happen to like their plain chocolate with some snowcaps. They do have flavors that switch up so keep your eyes open as new items may just be what your craving.If your in the mood for ice cream though and don't want all the guilt try golden spoon it won't disappoint.
4	Its great for me that this is the closest, cheapest and healthiest desert location around! Their frozen yogurt is great! All the flavors appeal to one person or another. And they are changed daily, though they do carry the basic ones daily. I am a chocolate girl and they have different flavors and levels of chocolate everyday! They have a good variety of toppings as well. The best part is that they give you a stamp every time you go in, after 8 stamps you get a free small! If you buy a $20 gift card you get 2 free mediums. *Toppings are extra* Monday is family day, 4 mediums for $10! yet again toppings are extra! Tuesday is 2 stamps, so you buy 1 yogurt and get 2 stamps, 2 yogurts is 4 stamps...you get the picture. Well the best part for me is their mini size, its only 4 ounces (perfect for dieters and only $1.95) Definitely come by and enjoy what they have to offer!
5	check out this location of golden spoon for a free 8 ounce frozen yogurt this weekend only!!! toppings are $.90 extra!! open till 10pm tonight!
5	I love Golden Spoon. First of all they have great hours especially for being in Mesa where the entire city closes down around 6pm. Secondly I babysit my 2 year old cousin quite a bit and she loves picking out topping here for her yogurt and the staff are always extremely nice to me and her even though she sometimes takes a bit to decide what she wants. they even let her try some of the toppings to see which one she liked. I make sure that she isn't one of those crazy screaming kids and that she doesn't hold up a line but I appreciate a place that is nice to little kids. They always have a fun selections of yogurts and the toppings are always fresh. So check them out the next time you see one.
4	Their frozen yogurt is delicious, and just as satisfying as ice cream, in my opinion.  They offer several choices for mix ins.  The first time I went, the front was empty and I had to get the attention of the young guy working there, but he was extremely professional and helpful.  The small frozen yogurt is plenty to fill me up and satisfy the sweet tooth every time.
2	Honestly, their yogurt always tastes heavy and overly sweet to me. I wish they would have some more fruity / tart flavors. More comfortable seating would be a plus as well. Nice location - but at this point we'll drive a little farther west over to Ocean Blue or Zoyo.
4	This is a great place to go for a guilt free snack that is both tasty and will cool you off in the heat.   There are a LOT of flavors listed but they rotate them so you may not always get your favorite unless its vanilla or chocolate.  Although their web site and FB page will list the flavors by month, I have found its not 100% accurate.Very reasonable prices for what you get.  You can get a small sample of any flavor before you order so you wont have to guess if you like something or not.  The staff are always very friendly and efficient in filling orders.  Even on busy nights with lines to the door, the wait is never very long.  They have a large selection of different toppings to put on your yogurt so if you like your yogurt adulterated, it wont be a problem here.They have a rewards program where you can get a stamp for each regular or larger yogurt you buy and after 8 you earn a free regular of your choice.  You do not need to fill out any paperwork, simply ask for a stamp and they will gladly give you one.  If you forgot yours at home, they will start a new one and you can combine them later.There is limited seating both inside and outside so if you go at peak times you may not be able to get a seat.  Another thing to consider is that although they are open after the sidewalks have been rolled up, they do not keep all the machines topped off as the evening winds down.  Showing up within an hour or so of closing may mean you do not get the flavor you want because it ran out and they did not refill the machine in anticipation of low demand.  This may not always make for a fun visit but it is an understandable business choice.All in all, if you want a guilt free (unless you get toppings!) experience for yourself, friends or the family then this is definitely one place to check out.
4	Here's where you get my big bonus points:1) It's not pay by the ounce. My hatred for that fad has been well-documented. Instead, you just tell them what you want and they fill it up. Less, customized, for sure, but that pay-by-the-ounce crud drives me crazy. Just get a simple froyo and get on with it.2) Sorbet. For the dairy-free crowd, this is a must. I had the mango passionfruit and it was delightful and light, indeed.3) They start at $2 for this cute little cup for kiddos. Sure, you still overpay. But it's not out of control. I like that I can pop in for a $2 treat. It's way out there, so you won't stop by unless you're a local. But the locals do love it, and it's right next to Chipotle if you want an after-lunch indulgence.
5	My husband and I went for a quick treat on a Saturday night and it was delicious! The cake batter was our favorite flavor. The smallest size was the perfect amount! The atmosphere is charming too. We will definitely be returning! Thanks Golden Spoon!
1	use to love this place... the yogart is delicious and it was great when it first opened years ago, and then even when it was resold a couple times.. however, the new owners are killing this place!  They've rasied the prices, changed the policy on the gift cards and the punch cards so you get less bang for the buck, have less flavors available because they can't seem to stay on top of things and the place constantly looks unkept... no worries for them, though, I've decided to stop going... I'll miss the yogart but I'll save money and not be disappointed every time I go in... so sad they are destroying what was a great business.
3	I used to LOVE this place... came here at least once a week. But in the last year or so it doesn't seem to be how it used to. They don't offer as many flavors anymore. I love the Peanut Butter Cup flavor, which always seemed to be a very popular flavor but they never offer it any more.. they offer just Peanut Butter instead. If they started offering PB Cup, they would not be losing my business
1	How can a yogurt shop not have any vanilla or chocolate??? Not any version of either??? Very poor. Cleaning out the machines is not an excuse on a very crowded Sunday night.
5	The Golden Spoon is a frozen yogurt spot that offers large portions, ample toppings and many yogurt flavors. There are fruit flavors, your standard fare vanilla & chocolate  and more decadent options like peanut butter cup and cake Batter yogurt.  The yogurt is moderately priced and you pay per size not per ounce. The child size cup is perfectly sized  for  most. This establishment is clean and tidy. The staff is friendly  and seating is available along the walls with high bistro seats. Outside seating is available. Stop in for a tasty treat!
1	Not terrible, but really just bleh. The employees lacked energy and the whole place was just underwhelming. Their yogurt and toppings are behind the counter and the employees serve you (this is not a self serve froyo place). They have a very small variety of yogurt and toppings. Everything seemed to lack flavor and was too sweet. I got a mini  and couldn't even finish it because of how sweet it was. There are too many other good places out there to waste your time with this place.
