3	Not bad for a hotel bar (with the Caledonian Hilton).  Amazing selection of whisky and the bartender has the right level of expertise to match whisky with your taste.  Lots of tables for groups and a couple of TVs showing live football matches...
3	The Caley is the alcoholic accomplice to the internationally renowned Caledonian Hotel at the west end. Princes Street is marked either side by two grand hotels, the Caledonian and the Balmoral, both of which look like they'd be fab to reside in for a cheeky night or two. In fact, I know I'd have my bag packed in a second if I was informed I could try out one of the rooms in either hotel, none of this 'it seems like it might be good' business.Anyway, the selling point here is the whisky, so if you're whisky orientated and like to have a good dabbling session with several malts on a night out, then The Caley is a nice, classy establishment to do so. There are over 250 whiskies to sample, plus it's a hotel bar, so if you like a bit of international chit-chat, you're bound to find some of that here. For me, the bar itself goes a bit too heavy on the brown coloured interior, which I think can make the atmosphere feel slightly staid at times, and for some reason I don't feel entirely relaxed when I'm here. Still, you can't dispute the bar's prime location and whisky strengths, and for those reasons, it's worth a visit.
5	Third stop on the whisky pilgrimage and we are in the heart of Edinburgh. How many times have folks wandered past this beautiful hotel unaware of the Malts that were held within.  The Caley is the repository of over 250 bottles of Scottish Liquid Lovelieness. Put yourself into the comfortable leather chairs and just soak up the atmosphere before you start on the alcohol. The decor reminds me of the old CPR Passenger trains observation cars, with the side bar and the large murals along the walls. I doubt anyone else would get the reference but it takes me back to a time in my chidlhood when I travel across the Canadian Shield in one of these beautiful cars. However, the liquor on those trains sucked. The whiskies available in this lovely place excel and are worth a visit. There is no excuse not to get yourself in here.
3	Recently refurbished, I hadn't been since the Wardorf Astoria rebrand and I suspect I had high expectations of my visit. Perhaps a bit high?I opted for a Classic Champagne cocktail and my friend a Classic Martini. Delicious!  We also ordered some nibbles which when arrived were tasty but nothing really special. And that's the review in a nutshell really - nothing special.For a five star hotel, and supposedly five star bar - it was a bit of a disappointment. Luckily my company for the evening was amazing so I won't complain about the evening but, it's not a place I'll be frequenting much in the future.
5	Hi to anyone who likes decadent surroundings, and warm cosy quiet chats with friends. After you order your drinks/food why not venture through to the recently renovated part of the building, named the Peacock Lounge, supported by a massive light art hanging in the design of a peacock on the end central wall that reflects the name.The first time you visit, the grand scale of the place might make you go "wow", opt for tea, coffee and beers or cocktails whatever takes your fancy? The food is very tasty if not on the tad expensive side with reduced quantities, this is due to the Hotel changing menus and name. Used to be a Hilton is now a Waldorf. Anyhoo staff always there to help, which is one main reason for frequent visits.It's now become my second home, at weekends and sometimes through the week this is due to studying, so why not do it in style when Starbucks is busy. There are plenty seats and tables for working on, newspaper availability, and its quiet. Well background Classical music verbiates around the vast space.With style and pleasant surroundings to work on your own or for meet-ups, it is a central location, and would favour shoppers, tourists and business types alike.Chances are if you are not busy and you want to treat yourself, or someone else infact then break the ground rules of going to Starbucks; or go after Starbucks closes and you might find yourself with reduced bank balance but an immensely  happy camper. Oh did I forget they also have divine shortbread in addition to tea/coffee, and free wifi to residents of the hotel only...but ask for connection details to Paul or his staff and be rewarded...or not.The feeling of being here reminds me of a grand station hall, but maybe that's just me, however still go if you have time to spare whilst waiting on your train.
4	Wonderful and friendly!!!We stayed at The Caledonian for 3 nights at the beginning of September and wandered over to The Caley Bar a few times throughout our stay.  Each time we were met with warm and friendly service and nice conversations with other patrons.  The place is really pretty inside and extends to a darker and quieter lounge or to their large and very beautiful Peacock Gallery.  We opted to park our seats at the bar and chat it up with others.The bartender David and bar manager Michael were just fabulous.  Both were very knowledgable and friendly.  On one occassion, we had to witness an incident with a very rude patron and both David and Michael handled themselves with true professionalism...never missed a beat.I would definitely recommend popping over to The Caley Bar for a couple if you are in the area.  It's not a giant party scene, but you are sure to have fun and many laughs!
4	Nearly every Friday I meet up with a friend of mine in an Edinburgh City bar for a few drink and a catch up. This means we will always try to find a nice comfortable place were we can do exactly that. The Caley at the Waldorf Astoria Caledonia is particular suited for this. They are a hotel bar and it shows in the grand set up. Also it is nice and quiet, you do not have to raise any voices to be heard, like many other bars on a Friday evening after work. I especially enjoy the comfy chairs, the carpeted lounge area and the fact that they have Innis & Gunn on Draft. They serve out little snacks with the beer you order. I sound like my grandfather, bless his bones, he would be quite at home here. However it is not a pensioners retreat, no no no. Plenty of post working week people come here, but for a nice, civilised after work pint. Service is efficient, friendly and pleasant. We have got this down as our "Weekly Waldorf".
