3	I only come here to get my teeth checked i mean who like going to the dentist right!?...but overall the staff is friendly...no wait but you do have to make an appointment or else you will have to wait a while..very fast and good service! :) my teeth no longer hurt!
5	The people here are ALL very friendly and fast/efficient at their specialties. From Doctors, to assistants, to Xray people, to office workers, they all seem to work seemlessly as a team.  Phones are answered quickly and they know how to help. I've been there three times so far and each visit went well. When they say it's going to be painless-it really is, at least in my case. I wish I hadn't put it off for so long! Oh, and the credit plan helped make it possible financially with small payments & ZERO interest! Wow! Thank you Western Dental 75th & McDowell.
5	I've always been scared of the dentist but when I was helped by western dental staff Nichole, Mari, Dr. Wong, Alonso and Edna to be exact they helped get over my fear and made everything very easy from the payment options to the procedures. I had extractions and a lot of work that had to be done and I didn't feel a thing. Dr. Crum made my oral extractions fast and painless, with a quick recovery. They also worked around my busy schedule. I will defiantly recommend western dental to anyone and will continue to go back for my follow ups or any other work.
5	ERIK!!!!!!, ERIK!!!!!!!,  ERIK!!!!!!------ This review goes for a young man named ERIK.  YOU ARE a most personable young man and YOUR mama and daddy raised an incredible respectful and kind young man. KUDOS to you ERIK. I appreciate your involvement with this company " WESTERN DENTAL"  and if and whenever you leave from here,,,  another company will be getting a great man to work for them You made my  experience here a very nice one . I hope you get a great raise because you certainly deserve one. Thanks again for a gracious man and making my appointment here a memorable one. Many Blessings to you in your future.                                                                          THANK YOU DEAR                                                                        CYNTHIA WARNER
5	The staff here are amazing! Especially Erik, he is so kind and welcoming. Western Dental is lucky to have amazing staff like Erik!! I would totally recommend this place to everyone! :-)
