4	After visiting this new location in the Charlotte region, I can honestly say that it is like that new car smell that you hope to never go away.  I was able to pick up great winter weather items. Clean and refreshing from the madness of a mall atmosphere.The line was kinda long; however, I expected it due to the recent grand opening of such a respected establishment Well worth a visit if you are in the area, their mobile app/website it amazing as well!!!! I will be back for sure for each season-Wally
3	H&M is really a hit or miss for me. Their clothes goes from casual to formal to whatever is in style for the youngsters. I really like their style of choices for men because I went with my brother and he found some really great items. The only bad thing I have to say about this place is that I was standing at the fitting room entrance where the women's intimate items are and 2 of the workers stared right at me while I was standing there, I thought I was waiting because all the fitting rooms were full but then I stood there for a good 6-7 minutes until a store manger came in the fitting room section and noticed me and informed me the entrance to the fitting room is through the men's side and I had to walk around. Walking around isn't what I'm complaining about, what irritated me was that the 2 workers working the fitting room clearly saw me with clothing items in hand, waiting and let me stand their looking stupid. Maybe it's because they're all new workers but come on now, it's common sense.
2	This H&M location is basically a more mature version of Forever 21. If you are looking for basic pieces such as cheap leggings and skinny jeans this store is great. Besides that notthing else seems worth the price for the crapy quality. My biggest gripe is the customer service. They seem to hired people that have never handled a cash register much less worked with the public. Slow doesn't begin to describe the cashiers.
3	I'm kind of with Holly R. I tried to like H&M during a trip to Raleigh a couple of years ago. I did manage to buy some Snoopy socks there, but at 37, their clothing doesn't appeal to me. However, the guys clothing seems to span multiple age groups.The store is a nice size, seeing as that they took over the old Borders bookstore. The prices are very reasonable.I didn't interact with any employees that day...I was never greeted or given any sentiment as I left the store. In all honesty, I probably wouldn't have been able to decipher an employee vs. a customer.
4	H&M = Hennes & Mauritz of Sweden.My first visit to one of these stores was in 2009 while in Prague,Checz Republic.I found myself out of socks so we popped into this store to shop.What I found was something like no other store in the US was offering at the time; that being color banded cotton blend dress socks.It may not sound like much but I'm one of those that doesn't really like hunting down the mate to my socks. Where do they go? You put them in the dryer and they disappear! It's a sock/dryer conspiracy.Ladies, if you want to put a smile on your mates face and alleviate sock paring anxiety, go here and get these socks!See photo of what I'm talking about.
3	Well, it's not quite what I remember from "back in the day" when I used to shop here in Virginia. I remember this place was always great for finding really cute inexpensive items. However, this trip I was not so lucky...or my taste has outgrown graphic tees, cropped shirts and leggings.Either way the selection seemed a bit picked over and cluttered. I did browse the Men's and kids section and that seemed to offer better variety (and much less clutter).  I guess I'm glad to see Charlotte finally got H&M. And if I'm shopping for a guy or kid I may stop in but I just don't know if I'll be running back to this location for any of my personal shopping needs.
1	We walked in the store and no one was available to help and answer our questions. Fitting room was a mess and dirty. We waited 25 minutes at the line to check out. The cashier was so exhausted to talk and have a smile on his face. I hope their corporate put their act together and do something about it. This might work back in Europe, not in United States.
2	The new H&M stores in Charlotte are nothing like the one in Atlanta, GA at Atlantic Station.  I used to rack up on clothes at H&M, so much that I'd have to put stuff back to not overspend but now I hardly see anything worth buying. I think the Carolina Place location is better, although its a smaller store than Northlake. We shall see how the Southpark Mall location is compared to these two. It's usually soo packed in H&M it's best to go in there during the week when people are at work.
3	Yeah, I too was fairly unimpressed with this H&M location. I personally love H&M. It brings up fond memories of my days traveling in big cities in the US and going to the grand opening of the Harajuku location in my Tokyo days. Perhaps it's just because I'm limited to NC locations or maybe I'm growing up, but my opinion has changed over time.In any case, for this location, I was sorely let down. I was super hyped about H&M coming to Charlotte. So close to home in Northlake no-less! The store layout screams more "bargain outlet" than "high fashion". Shelves and racks are messy and overstuffed. Waits for the fitting rooms are painfully long. And they have no men's accessories! (Which, I donno if it's a universal change for H&M, but that's what I liked most about the place!)Nonetheless, don't make a holiday point of coming to Charlotte for this H&M. It's really not worth it. I don't even bother considering this place when I'm visiting Northlake mall. I just get my Chinese massage and go home!
1	Love h&m! but the staff around the store lack in customer service.  I didn't get a.... how may I help you? More like get out of my way I need to fix these clothes. Or staff passing by....eye contact but painful face impression like something smells bad. I must say The man in the fitting is awesome!
3	First of all, I go there often but it's not for me. My wife was born in Finland which is the closest counrty to Sweden and H&M is like their name for everyday  'closet'.It's a decent sized shop. The men section actually has some cool stuff. They have the European style slim fits and also the comfy shirts and sweats. The colors are modern, not too colorful, and the jackets are pretty warm for the price. I don't shop there recently but I know because I used to go to another H&M before I movrd to Charlotte when I was younger.The girls section is just full of all types of clothes. Personally I think it's for twenties and early thirties only but it could work for anyone who needs aomething to go out for dinner.Last, the price is just awesome.
