4	So, this is the gym I go to.  It's the closest 24 Hour Fitness to my house.  I like the fact that they made it an Andre Agassi gym.  They added a basketball court, which is a nice addition.  Considering they have pick up games going on at 2 o'clock in the morning.  HAHAHAHA  How funny is that?!?!Anyway, if you're looking to run into me there, make me your "friend" and we'll meet up.  Strictly working out though.  Don't try hitting on me.  HAHAHA
5	This is an older Sports 24 (I joined in 2005), so it doesn't share the same aesthetic pleasantries as the newer Sports facilities). Nevertheless, it has everything you'll ever need and more. rows of cardio stuff, various machines, and a basketball court and Group X room that is open 24 hrs/when not in use.For those that need to articulate their burgeoning testosterone, this 24's free weight section has everything you'll ever need, and enough of it to last two lifetimes! There are the standard 6 benches (3x flat, 2x incline, 1x decline), all of the Iso-Hammer Strength, the various leg presses, and--my favorite--2x power racks, 1 squat rack, and 3 Smith (for all the dudes that don't know how to squat properly). Seriously, having 6x racks is serious business. Not even the Super Sport on Centennial has 6x racks (they only have 2x). BONUS: this 24 has a Wide-Grip Iso Hammer Smith. I didn't even know that this existed; so there are 4x Hammer Benches!The pool has 5 lanes, the jacuzzi is over-chlorinated, and the steam-room and sauna are large enough to fit a weekday after-work crowd. The locker room (men's) is older with a communal shower (instead of the newer glass-doored stalls). And, of course, the hot water is HOT!BONUS BONUS: this 24 has 8x dumbells for 5lbs - 50lbs! That's 4x sets for every increment between 5lbs and 50lbs.
4	This is the location on the corner of Eastern/Sahara. I like this location b/c its easy to get to from the freeway. This location has a "leg machine" that I enjoy. Not sure what its called but works the hips and belly and legs all @ once and I love it. havent seen it @ any other location except this one. My bf showed me how to use it b/c if not I wouldnt know how to chg any of the settings. Standard fare: Group x room - note: classes are only in afternoon. none in AmBBall courtcardio machines. This location does indeed have a 24 min. circuit (the one you work 2x to equal 24 min. of strength training. Its an older location (is there such a thing as a new location that isnt a Super Sport that charges an extra $10 a month??) but Ive never had to wait for a machine. I like this location. Also note: the bathrooms are somewhat hidden. off to the right and make another right. lol. The only scale I'v seen is as you walk in, an electric scale.. eek
4	Really like this gym...it's not on my side of town so I only go there after I get off work.  Very clean, small, nice staff...They have full gym equipment and plenty of cardio machines.  I like coming here because it's not crowded during the time of day when I go.  My only wish for this gym was that they had a spin class sometime on Monday-Thursday around 2! (So I could do a spin class instead of always having to hop on the treadmill or stair master!)  Overall, really nice little gym
4	Pros: convenient location, the trainers don't do unsolicited sells, the facility is relatively clean, the equipment is rarely broken, it has a pool, it's never packed to capacity and it's not clogged with fancy overwrought machines that look like torture devices.Cons: Needs another squat rack & there's a 24 hour Roberto's in the same parking lot, argh.
4	Ok, my husband works in vegas but we live in Ca. So I'm basically part time living in vegas. So I wanted to find a gym close to where I was at, and usually I go to the one on Craig, but I was out onm the east side. I just searched the closest one and did not know my membership was not valid at this gym. HOWEVER... the girl at the front was SUPER sweet and she let me workout and was very nice! It was not crowded what so ever and I was there btwn 6-9a.m. Nothing fancy, it looks like it was an older gym and they just slapped a basket ball court in there and added Agassi sport to the. Name and probly charge more, but the equipment is standard, gym is standard, no towel service which usually isn't a big deal to me but today I stopped to work out on my way out of town and HAD to shower befor I drove back to Cali. So I had to use paper towels. Bummer. But it got the job done . Bummed that they didn't have AMT machines here but just happy that the girl let me in and it was kinda nice to work out where I didn't know ANYBODY and not have to talk to any one!  I also thought it was interesting the entire womens lockeroom has tile on the ceiling.I give 4 stars because I am BIG on customer service and I was very impressed.  The 24 hour on Craig has HORRIBLE customer service and the girls in the babysitting room are snooty and rude! I probly won't choose this gym again because my membership isn't good here but if it was I would go here again.  :)  and the girl also gave me a list of all the 24 hour ftnesses in the area with adress and # and which ones are active, sport, and so on. See, super helpful! Now THAT'S what I'm talkin about!
5	The yoga classes on Saturday are awesome. Michal is a great yoga instructor. Check her out at 11AM every Saturday. She used to teach yoga at Tapout and was awesome!
4	The Good:  Plenty of parking in this strip mall 24.  It seems older, not only the equipment, building, and clients but it has a large single floor design that is spaced out and more towards my liking.  Plenty of equipment, without somebody standing right right next to you.The Bad:  Is this the senior 24 Hour Fitness?  Where did all the women go?The Ben:  Even though there is not eye-candy here I really like the floor layout and this would be the gym I would go to if I was living in Vegas.
2	This is a gym you don't want to go to when your in Vegas. The gym is run down, the equipment is broken, and the area is questionable. However, if you want to get through the minimum equipment you will be okay.  To be politically correct, the clientele do look like typical members. The area is very shady.  I  would go out of your way to the Tropicana sport location.  The closest to the strip yes but the furthest away from reality. The only positive thing I have seen is the happy faces from the staff which I upgraded to 2 starsHowever, if you want to work out hard core and see no ladies this is the place to go!
2	I don't know what happened to this place; all their treadmills are barely operational and the creeper factor seems to have risen -- I go to another location now.
3	Shortly after writing my previous update, the manager wrote me and promised the cardio machines would be fixed. Checked it out a few weeks ago and they totally were!
5	I just wanted to sweat things out tonight.  Since I was in this part of town, I thought I would hit up this gym to do a little walking, ab work and maybe take a swim.    I changed in the locker room and then hit the treadmill.  After, a quick walk it was over to the ab section of the club.  I like how they have it set up.  It seemed that everything had it's place and it was easily maneuverable.  After my ab workout, I walked a little more on the treadmill.  Then it was time to hit the jacuzzi area.  I changed to my suit and then I decided to hit the sauna.  It looks like everything in there was new or very well kept.  Awesome job!
3	I am glad they have a gym I can use before I go to the airport. This gym has everything you need for a heavy workout.  It was easy to get to the car rental return as this is away from the strip but has a street that goes directly to the airport.
5	I thought that I'd update my review of the 24 Hour Fitness on Eastern and Sahara (Karen).  Over the last year I was going to the 24 Hour Fitness on Green Valley and Ramrod.  I was going over there because they had a T-Bar Row machine that I really like.  Now, I still love that gym and may go there every once in a while.  But, this one, on Eastern and Sahara, is just a little bit closer and has a wet area that I have been using lately.  So where to start?1.  Parking is always easy on the weekdays.  But, on the weekends it can be a little messy.  That is if the Harley Davidson store has the main parking area shut down to do Motorcycle road tests.  But, you can still find a spot somewhere.2.  Check in is great and easy.  10 digit code, an always friendly greeting (which is the same at the Green Valley location) and off you go to the locker room.3.  The locker room is always in pretty decent shape.  The lockers are big and they have T.V.'s in there to watch while you are changing.  Maybe it keeps you away from making eye contact with other nude dudes in the midst of a change.  Now off to the workout area's.4.  I start off with a walk on the treadmill or the elliptical.  Something to get my heart rate pumping.  There have been times that a treadmill wouldn't be working but it always seems to be working by the next time I come in.  So, no complaints here.  On a side note: I did piss off an older woman the other day.  I go to warm up on a treadmill.  And there was a treadmill still running and no one on it, like a ghost was running, all of her crap was strewn across the machine.  I was on the treadmill for a good 15 minutes and finally flagged down one of the employees.  I was about to get off of the machine and I'd hate it if someone would have taken her stuff... cell phone, bag etc... so the employee took her stuff to the counter for safe keeping.  And, no sooner then she left the woman came back and asked where her stuff was.  She retrieved it and then came back to give me an earful.  I wasn't really having it and walked away.  So, I hope that I didn't get the employee in trouble.5. The weight room has been kind of empty and that kind of concerned me.  I thought because of the New Year, there'd be a ton of people here.  But, it's not the case.  Maybe it's the time that I have been coming.  Late morning right before the lunch hour.  But, because of the lack of people at that time, I am able to get my workout done with no problems.  Well... one small problem... there seems to be only a few 2.5 lbs. plates.  So, I have to search.  If I had to make one request , it would be to have some barbell pads for those of us who squat.  It would help save my upper shoulders and neck.  But, I'm a bit of a warrior and I can man up.6.  The wet area has been  clean and well kept.  It's a great place to relax and get to know a few people while doing so.7.  Leaving the gym is just as good as coming in.  A "Thanks for coming in, and have a nice day" is given.  That goes a long way with me.  It's always appreciated.Sorry for the long post but I thought I'd share what my experience has been for the last month or so since coming back to this gym.  So far a 5 star experience.
5	Despite the fact that this is an older 24, my original review still holds true. I especially like that there are more than enough clips/collars for all of the bars! I've been to several 24s that have little to no clips/collars for the bars.For the more technical lifters, there are also 3x bearing barbells (which make Olympic lifting so much easier). Finally, kudos to building a cage around the sauna's heat radiator--that will prevent people from doing what the sign says not to do: squirt water into the equipment.
3	This location is not bad, it's fairly no frills and gets the job done. I was visiting for six days and wanted to exercise a bit while I was in town, so I looked into getting a daily pass here. If you have a car and don't have a hotel with gym access or you don't want to pay out the nose for it, it is definitely worth it to venture off the strip to use the facilities here or another 24 hour. The cost was 15 for a day, and 5 every day after, which was better than the rate at Gold's (20 a day?!).  There's tons of machines of all kinds - cardio and weights, so many you can always find one to use - but the free weights seemed to be more busy. The machines were all older though, not in disrepair or anything, but it's obviously not an Equinox inside. The downside is that men's locker room was not very clean and had an odor that was kind of unpleasant. Also, I didn't have a lock so I had to use the 50 cent quarter lockers, which are all oddly located in the front of the gym.
5	it's a ver low traffic gym quiet on late nights when i go in to get a quick run in. nice friendly staff.
2	People are nice to get you signed up. The equipment is ok. The general atmosphere is for people who want to maintain and not get healthier and not get stronger. The locker room is small. The wet area is gross. Did a free day to try it out and did not like at all. Got myself a golds membership for less money and more free weights. Perfect place to do cardio and nothing else.
3	Nice gym with enough equipment to get the job done. Some of the equipment has a lot of wear and tear and needs to be replaced or seriously overhauled. Not my favorite Vegas location but good overall atmosphere. It serves a good purpose, it motivates you to workout.
5	I was on vacation in Vegas and forgot there was a difference in "Sport" and "Super Sport" by going do a different location than this one.  The other location let me down big time... however, this one?  Amazing... for a "Sport."  Compared to other Sports I've been to, this is EASILY the best one I've ever seen.  Easily.  The differences, from what I can tell, in Sport and Super Sport are that Super Sport has;- Towel service- Pool- Full court bball- Individual showersThis location lacks a pool and individual showers.  Aside from that?  It's as good as a Super Sport... for Sport pricing.  This has a full court basketball court instead of the usual half court I've seen at other Sports.  The locker room was really clean and I went at the end of the day.  What I found impressive was the selection of equipment... it was a ton compared to the other Sport in town.Great location.  I'm glad I found this when I was in Vegas, went here way too much for being in "Vegas."  (Ps... it didn't show up on Google Maps for some reason, so Google it first, then 'Find Directions.)
5	Oh the things I love about 24 hr fitness...Some things I like about working out here is... newer machines & weights, large variety of machines, way less congested w/ other lifters than Gold's. The other patrons AS WELL AS THE EMPLOYEES at 24 seem to be a lot more polite and nicer/friendlier too. I also like how the water fountain has a spigot to fill your water bottle. Sometimes it's the simpler things in life that make it complete. It's also great to see that here I'm not the ONLY person returning my weights. I rarely ever have to hunt a dumbbell or cable attachment down. I also like how close so many 24 hours are to our new townhouse. It was going to cost me an additional $120 in gas/month to go to the closest one which was in Summerlin (we live downtown) and Gold's is DEFINITELY not worth that! Plus if you get ur 24 hr membership via Costco, although u have to buy a 2 year membership it still only ends up being $16/month vs. the $36/month they try to charge u.One negative is like at Gold's ppl don't wipe down their shit after use. It's especially gross when going to use a bench and u can see where the previous person laid.
