3	Keep in mind their sign actually reads Taqueria Express.This is a tiny little taco stand carved out of Fruteria El Pueblo just west of Woodlands on Albemarle. Orders are placed at a window overlooking a stuffed, hot kitchen. Food is quick and simple. Menu's surprisingly large - lots of tacos, quesadillas, burritos - didn't seen any Salva-or-Ecuadorian influences on there. Language could be an issue if you no tengo un pequeno espanol.I have a thing for tortas, so that's what I got - and it was good. A little pricey (6.50 for huevos y queso) but easily one of the better ones I've had in CLT. Soft, sweet teleras, Monterey-Jacky cheese, shredded lettuce, some jalapenos. A mess to eat, but whatevs.This isn't the "IT" torta, but it's totally worth a stop.
4	Two dollar al pastor tacos and a Coke hecho en Mexico makes me a happy chica.  Little tiny counter with a few tables to dine in. Kitchen looked spotless.  Great place to stop across the street from Bargain Hunters.  This would equal a delightful afternoon.
4	Small place, limited menu but it's authentic mexican and really good
4	Though not much has survived long in this location (going way back to La Bamba and continuing through the fruit and veggie stand), the Taqueria Express has managed to eke out an existence for some time.Please note: When they say "express", it does not necessarily mean what you think it means. While service isn't really slow, it's not fast food - it's more like "sparse" or "simple" than "fast".That doesn't mean that it's bad - quite the contrary, in fact. What you get isn't bad at all, just be prepared for what you're getting (and perhaps brush up on some Spanglish, because there isn't a lot of English spoken in these parts).What they really need to do is open a quick-serve window to the park and ride and I suspect they would do really well.
5	Best tacos in town. Period. This little place is a hidden gem. Everything I've had here has met or exceeded expectations. The women that run this place, though a little shy, are always more than accommodating. I am somewhat of a tacos aficionado and have eaten many tacos in many locales... These are some of the best I've had anywhere. The tortas are wonderful, too.
5	One of our new favorite places! Fantastic tortas (current fave, barbacoa), great chips and flavorful salsa.  Knowing Spanish would definitely be a benefit here because not much of the menu is in English and the waitresses don't speak much English, but they're always pleasant and the food is yummy.  I think they must have grown since several of the earlier reviews; there's a side room now and table service; no placing the order at the window. Now if they'd just offer unsweet ice tea...
5	So sad this restaurant burned  last night...hope they rebuild; glad no one was hurt!
