4	Hey, it's Starbucks, what can I say?  Decent location - not too big, not too small.  Friendly service in my experience.  I'm surprised this location was missing from yelp!
3	Not my favorite coffee chain by any means. Is it just me or do all Starbuck coffees taste burnt and bitter? No matter how trendy, cool and upscale their establishments are I can't get around the yicky tasting bitterness of Staryucks regular coffees. Talk about over roasting a bean...Maybe something has changed with their regular coffee but I have not drank it in about a year. And I am not one for soy caramel latte foofy stuff but I am sure with all the sugar in those types of drinks they are delicious but go to a cash machine first ($$). Still I'll give the establishment tres estrellas (star in espanol) for the fact that their espresso is acceptable and doesn't taste half as bad as the regular coffee bean.
4	It's just like every other Starbucks everywhere. This used to be a grocery store. What I do like about this location is that if you get a seat right near the window you can access CMU's wifi. :)
4	Im rating this establishment 4 stars for a Starbucks and that's it. Its spacious, has a convenient location, and friendly staff. As for the coffee... its a starbucks.
3	This location is perfectly fine for a Starbucks. This place is hopping during weekday work and school hours, but the staff are super efficient and friendly and up to the challenge of completing your order in a timely manner. Regardless of what shift you catch the crew on, your favorite specialty drink will be made consistently each time. On the rare occasions that my drinks have come up not-so-consistent, I've been given a replacement with no questions asked by the professional and personable morning manager.The shop has seating for about 20 and is about the same size as your average in-the-city Starbucks. The bakery case is stocked with the usual suspects that you find at even the larger Starbucks--sweet breakfast breads, bagels, breakfast sandwiches, wraps, scones, muffins, and cookies. If you are looking to purchase a Starbucks gift, they keep about half of the stock of mugs and other coffee accouterments as the larger of their shops.
4	I feel a cookie cutter establishment like this really shouldn't get more than four stars, but honestly, that's probably the only thing holding me back.I like Starbucks precisely because I know I'm going to get the same drink no matter which location I'm at.This particular location is clean, the employees are courteous and friendly, and in all the time I've been going there I've only had two drinks that didn't pass muster.
5	I found the employees to be very friendly and hard working. When I arrived there were more than fifteen people in line ahead of me. Yet, the employees worked so quickly that I was out of there in ten minutes! (it was a good thing, because I had to be at work straight away!)
4	This particular Starbucks can get quite busy thanks to the students from two different schools (Pitt and CMU). The service doesn't tend to suffer, and the staff is very experienced, just don't count on getting a seat!
4	I go here pretty often. The staff is super friendly, and they get to know you and your order, which is great.The coffee is starbucks coffee... It's always the same.
3	S'bucks is s'bucks. The good thing about this one was lots of tables (considering the location) and friendly staff. Wifi is normally good but was spotty when I was there.
5	Best cold coffee collection ever!
3	I'm not sure how to rate a Starbucks. They all seem similar & you don't run into too many grouchy baristas. I head here for a White Chocolate Mocha Expresso & that's about it. I actually agree with the person who mentioned starbucks coffee seems burnt & bitter. The expressos are delish though. For a tiny corner shop, you can fit a good amount of people here. There are a few long tables in the middle & multiple 2-seater tables along the walls.  It was still pretty packed on Saturday night. Grinds my gears though when someone is working away on their laptop with Chinese takeout next to them & didn't spend one penny on starbucks to take over an entire table. Hm, free wifi problems.
1	Warning: bitter review to follow. I have nothing nice to say about this Starbucks in Oakland. Notice: I DO NOT hate Starbucks stores in general. In fact, I actually think their coffee is great- better than a lot of local coffees, in fact. However, this Starbucks in particular can bite the dust for all I care. From speaking with a couple small business owners from around the neighborhood, this place single handedly took out my FAVORITE coffee shop in the city right across the street, Kiva Han (now replaced by a bagel place). Furthermore, this particular store in my subjective opinion has zero character, built very open without a bunch of sitting room and littered with impersonal staff. I understand that they have to crank orders out due to the high-turnover of customers during peak hours, but I have no desire to visit there again for the reasons listed above. If one of those coffee shops had to go out of business, I would have rather it be "The Man."
4	Location Location Location, It is crazy important in the restaurant business. This is a beautiful location, right in the culture district. Loved it seating outside to watch the traffic, and seeing pits burgh. First time visiting this town, and wow loved having a starbucks drink and being able to soak in the town.
4	The staff is great. I once got a free muffin from the barista because he said I was looking sad (working on the weekend will do that). My only complaint is that it can be very slow sometimes. They take your order immediately but then there is only one person making the long line of 10 drinks. The new reno makes it look slightly darker inside, but overall its the most convenient coffee shop for me.
1	A friend said "They've got this Clover machine, try it out," so in an effort to be impartial, I did. Not good. A Clover's nice, but it can't fix over-roasted beans. I got an Ethiopia Yirgacheffe that tasted like smoky mud. I mean, it's Starbucks, what did I expect, but this deserves extra-low scores for giving fancy coffee a bad name.If you're in the area on weekdays and looking for coffee, go over to CMU's branch of Tazza D'Oro (in the big blocky black Gates building, 3rd floor).
