1	Found a little menu under my hotel room door so I ordered. ORDERED a large half supreme pizza and half Hawaiian pizza with 12 wings half hot and half BBQ. I got a large pizza that was all supreme with pineapple on it and it was a little cold. Pizza over all taste not bad. The wings were ALL hot with no meat and were tiny. Not good at all. Got one small ranch. When I ordered some airhead took my order and the guy delivering didn't have a uniform or a light up on his car, you would have no idea that he was the pizza guy. And there was a bunch of his buddies in the car. My pizza was in his trunk with a bunch of his crap. I'm from SoCal so idk if that's how they do it in Las Vegas but damn.
1	Their chicken Philly was very unremarkable. Their chocolate cake was, however,  perhaps the best I've ever had.  Melted in my mouth.  Best $15.00 piece of cake ever!
4	xl pick up pizza good deal. ghetto area wouldn't walk there at nite. Chick taking orders kinda rude. Expensive for delivery but pick up u get what u pay for.
4	Their pick-up specials can't be beat for the price. Is it the "the best pizza I've ever had"? No. But it's the best pizza I've ever had for THAT PRICE, for sure. Blows places like Little Caesar's out of the water (no comparison at all).I get the large 1-topping (and always add an topping), comes out to like a whopping $7.00 (sarcasm). Would be only like $6.00 without I think. I've heard their calzones are great too, but haven't tried them yet. Once I find something I like, for cheap I usually stick with it. My friend ordered a big thing of wings from them once, and I had a few, they were pretty good, but I prefer their pizzas. The cheese they use is great, I don't know how they turn a profit at that price as all the ingredients are WAY better than what you'd find at places with similar prices. It's true, the area isn't that great (I live nearby) and it's small inside, but are you trying to rent a room there, or get some food?
5	I had a chicken sandwich with a side of French fries & ranch.. Amazing.. If you near by you should try it
5	I ordered from this restaurant using my GrubHub app which was so easy and convenient to use. This was my first time ordering from GrubHub and I have nothing but positive things to write. My food arrived as promised, within the allotted amount of time, hot and delicious. The delivery driver was courteous and the restaurant  followed my special instructions to a T. We ordered a pizza and a Philly cheese steak sandwich, both were very delicious. Thanks Roma's pizza and GrubHub. GrubHub must be an awesome place to work with wonderful employees.
