4	Over a dozen growers, a big crowd of a reported 1,200 friendly folks, and a location that had just the right vibe put this in the 4 star spot for several reasons. The produce was local, the location had a great vibe, in a nightclub, but here's the hook. A wall of garage doors added an open air feel, but you were still in the shade...a welcome thing in July and August. People clearly came from all over the valley, and I had the pleasure of seeing at least a dozen friends and neighbors, adding an additional, genuine, home grown social experience as well...something that seems to be lacking in Vegas sometimes. It was kind of cool seeing people from the farmers market drift around the corner to the local coffee shop (The Beat) for some eats and beverages, all adding to that sense of community that is taking root downtown. Some of the growers on site, included: Herbs by Diane* Gilcrease Orchard* UNCE Orchard* McLeod Ranch* Blue Lizard Farm* Colorado River Coffee Roasters* L.A. Specialty* Bloomin' Desert Herbs* Lincoln Co. NV Producers Co-Op* Sweet Tomato Test Garden* Valley Farms and *Crossfire Ranch Produce. More growers are slated to participate. A big thanks to market founder Gina Gavan, I'd love to meet her to thank her personally. You can park right in front of the building, but bring plenty of quarters, as it is metered parking, and those meter cops love cultivating new business in the form of tickets. Avoid the risk, and simply park for free at El Cortez, no validation needed either-Bonus! All things considered, for Vegas, this is one of the better farmers markets I've been to. Just keep in mind we don't have the resources of some other cities, so don't expect a 3rd and Fairfax or a Pike Place Farmer's Market. This one is still worth a visit and tough to beat in Las Vegas.
3	A big crowd showed up for the first one.  I'm hoping this Farmer's Market get more vendors and maybe expands the hours as well.  The flyer I've attached says live music.  I didn't see or hear any.  But maybe in the future?Pros:- The space is really nice - indoors but garage doors open up to a patio outdoors.- The vendors are really nice and helpful.  Reasonable prices.- Metered parking out front makes getting in and out a breeze.Cons:- Not a lot of vendors or variety right now.- Thursdays from 10am to 1pm are not convenient hours for people who work day jobs away from downtown.- The vendors were kind of crammed together, making me a little claustrophobic.I'll definitely check it out again once Bon Breads joins up.
4	Great first time event, although thursdays for only 3hrs is an odd choice, really limits who can attend. I brought my roommies grandma and luckily found convenient metered parking right up front $1/hr (bring quarters).  There were small stages set up inside and on the open patio since it is a club. There was a guy playing guitar and singing when we first got there at 930 (grandma wanted to go early), guess he stopped when the market officially started at 10.I was really looking forward to finally trying gilcrease orchards, and they didn't disappoint. The best plums (4 for $1) and peaches (2 for $1) I've ever had in my life. Smaller than what I'm used to from the stores, but its not about size, its about quality ;) I also got a taste of the grapes - sweet and seedless. I left hauling several pounds of produce in my nifty yelp tote bag (thanks Misti Y!) - the fruits plus red grapefruit, kholrabi, dried organic herbs, pistachios, eggplant, honeydew melon, daikon, raw honey, lemons, and bell peppers. And this was just with the 10 or so vendors that were there. Ill be honest, the pricing even for non organic produce was generally kind of high. I'm used to farmers markets that are fresh AND cheap, but this is Vegas not Hawaii. Only so much will grow here so you take what you can get. Its great to see an actual farmers market here, not just another craft fair labeled as a farmers market. Look forward to seeing other vendors join for future. The space and event have a lot of potential. And bring cash!
4	Love being able to buy the Bon bread, the Colorado River Roasters  freshly roasted coffee beans from Boulder City, the raw honey from Overton and the locally grown fresh fruits, vegetables and herbs.    But  it is still "buyers beware".  At a farmers market, you expect to get farm-to-you fresh produce, if not from Nevada , then California or Utah.  But I bought grapefruit and found a Tropicana sticker on one when I got home. I believe this meant the fruit was sold by Tropicana to a Costco or other grocery outlet and purchased by the stand from there.  It would be nice for the the buying public to be able to differentiate the fresh produce from the resale produce. Perhaps the stand holders could post a certification on those stands where the source of the fruit is directly from the farm.   That said,  its a great place to get fresh produce and the other products I mentioned.  I hope it grows.
5	Vegas farmers markets are in their infancy. This is one that is a "real" farmers market with produce. The people that grow the food are present. Despite its current small size and odd hours. I support this endeavor and hope it continues to grow.
