5	Rolf's is always a great salon for those new to the Valley.  Service is always consistent.  It is always hard to find that new stylist who will do your hair right.  Whoever your appointment is with at Rolf's, expect a great job.  A hair cut and blow dry will run you about $45 to $55 plus tip.  (Note: tip must be made by cash or debit card, no credit cards)  I have been going to Cameron at the Arrowhead location for over two years, and my haircuts are always perfect!  Highly recommended for those in the Northwest Valley :)
5	Rolfs is a full service salon in the Arrowhead area.I decided to take a break once and went to Salon Surreal (see my other review for that here) after I heard that my hairdresser Charissa got bumped up into the master sylist category. Seeing how times were tough and I wanted to save a buck I looked elsewhere. Big Mistake!Rolfs, is an upscale salon. The stylists are proffessional and stay busy. They are not up front chatting with the receptionists, or talking about private matters in front of clients. They offer you iced tea or coffee or water when you get sit down and bring it out to you. The assistants are even hairstylists that have completed beautyschool/or were hairdressers elsewhere and are training to work there. They gave me a nice scalp massage. The products they use here are great and have even went back to purchase my Bumble and Bumble there.It is pricey..But I never had a bad haircut there. I plan on saving up and going back to see Charissa. As the previous poster said, you cant add your tip on to your credit card. Just cash or debit. Parking can be hit or miss. Since Rolf's is in a strip mall that has A.Js as an anchor, along with pei wei and other stores, it can get busy around lunch time. It's not so bad where you have to walk real far though.
4	I was directed to the colorist/ stylist Zoey through a friend of mine and it was the best decision I have ever made! My hair has been through hell and back since April. Read the Stylin Katts review, Uhg. Anyway, I went in for a free consultation and Zoey spent a generous amount of time with me talking about my options since I had butchered blonde hair and dark roots. I made and appointment a month in advance and mulled over my choices.I still was undecided when I walked in yesterday, but Zoey pointed me in the right direction and I left the salon feeling happier than I have felt in a long time! She really is amazing. She really listens. She knows what she does. I would go back to her in a heartbeat.
5	Receptionist was very kind upon walking in and water was offered promptly. My stylist, Rebecca, asked me what I wanted and actually listened....something VERY rare in my experience. Not only did I walk away with the color I described to a tee, but she nailed the haircut and look I was hoping for. VERY impressed and already booked my next appt for the next time I'm back home in AZ.
3	After looking for a salon in phoenix that does balayage, for over a year, I finally found Rolf's.. I was directed to Jeanine, a balayage specialist (balayage is were the paint the highlights in, instead of using foils). We had a 15 min consult to discus what I was looking for and I made an apt for the next day.Jeanine, started on 'painting' my hair right away and things where going great, while painting the color in she asked how I wanted my hair cut. I said just a trim, with little to no layers. After washing my hair out a quick cut and style, she offered to freshen up my makeup. Bonus points!...or so I thought. What I failed to notice was the quick cut she cave me, was really 'the Rachael', with lots of layers. not what I asked for at all. Bummer. Over all the color is great, exactly what I asked for, but since the cut is not at all what I asked for, I'll be wearing a pony tail the rest of the year while the layers grow out. And if's my hair is in a pony tail, who cares how great the color is.I may go back for another color job, because it really is great...but I'll never let Jeanine cut my hair again.
4	This review is for the Foothills/Casa Paloma location in Chandler.If I was just rating my stylist, Kelly Reid, I'd give five stars.  She is fantastic at what she does, and it's always a pleasure to sit in her chair.  She does beautiful work (I get nothing but compliments on my hair).On the other hand, I find the salon's style itself not to my tastes.  It's a bit lacking in personality, or maybe just trying too hard to appeal to ladies that lunch.  That said, the front desk staff is very friendly and the product lines are top notch.  I have no complaints about how the salon is run.Overall, well worth the money for the level of service.  I have never left there disappointed and continue to recommend Kelly to all of my friends.
5	I first went to Rolfs (Arrowhead location) to purchase Kerastase shampoo and conditioner. The receptionist was extremely helpful. This visit was for a free in salon treatment. My stylist, Antoinette, was wonderful and very knowlegable. She explained each product she used and made recommendations without being pushy. I left relaxed with my scalp feeling wonderful and my hair looking and feeling like silk. I will be back, thank you!
4	Was uneasy about trying a new place but left very pleased. Ask for Susanne! She's a bit pricier (one of the master stylists) but is absolutely terrific :)
4	When I lived in Phoenix, I went to Rolf's at the Biltmore location a few times. It was super expensive and I was living on a budget but at the time, it was one of the very few splurges I had in my life. On our most recent trip to Phoenix, my mother wanted to get something for my daughter's upcoming 15th birthday that she really wanted. What my daughter really wanted was highlights because she (sad at her age) hates being a redhead. We called around to a few places to see if they had any openings and then I remembered Rolf's had opened a location on the west side of town. I was able to make a very early morning appointment for her and off I took her to get her wig busted.The young woman who did my daughter's hair (can't remember her name) was uber pretty and super sweet. She made my daughter feel comfortable right away and I left her to do her magic while I went over to my aunt and uncle's house for a visit. My mom picked my daughter up after her hair appointment and I got a call and a text from Ilana telling me how much she LOVED LOVED LOVED her hair and with the way the rest of the trip went, it was definitely the highlight(no pun intended).
5	This review is for Brandy Wilder at the Arrowhead locationI have been getting my hair done by Brandy for just short of a decade and I hope this girl never stops doing hair. Her color expertise is on point and I wouldn't trust anyone to do the kind of quality work she does. I always leave the salon feeling beautiful and get compliments on my hair daily. I would hire her to be a personal stylist if I had the money. THANK YOU BRANDY FOR BEING SO AMAZING AT WHAT YOU DO! I can't wait until my next visit!
5	I went to Rolf's and had an appointment with a stylist named Brandy. It was my first time cutting my hair in over a year, as I was attempting to grow it out for the first time in my life. It goes without saying that I walked in with VERY damaged hair that had suffered through a lot of coloring.I had decided to go back to a medium length and brought her this photo:http://nzh.s3.amazonaws.com/images/1-hairstyles/gwyneth-paltrow/gwyneth-paltrow-bob-hairstyles.jpgI asked her to take me from a light brown to a light ash blonde, which is a pretty hefty request. Not only did the color turn out absolutely gorgeous, but the cut is damn near identical to the photo I brought in. I uploaded before and afters to my profile to show the difference. My hair feels light and bouncy again and I couldn't have asked for a better stylist. It's also a style I can do at home thanks to the tips she gave me.I love finding someone I can trust because while hair always grows back, no one wants a crappy haircut.Thanks!
5	Fantastic salon, everyone is very nice. Angela is the best!
1	After learning that my stylist was no longer working at this salon I was sad, but hearing from the management and stylists why she'd left (their tall tale sounding version anyway) I was pretty much appalled. The only reason I gave Rolf's business was because Brandy was there and to think after nearly ten years of her doing amazing work, increasing their profits, she gets spoken about the way she was by management?....to CUSTOMERS?? Yikes... I'll give my business to more tactful people.
1	My wife (a regular for over a year) had a terrible skin reaction around the edge of her hair after coloring. Called Vincent the manager who said he would investigate and get back to her - last we heard from him.This was the last straw and she is switching salons now. $40 for a straightforward blow dry after a treatment too... Just crazy. Go elsewhere
5	I LOVE everything about the Arrowhead salon. Angela is absolutely wonderful. She know exactly what I want. The shampoo and condition is heavenly! Couldn't ask for a better experience. They make me feel relaxed and special!!!
5	I'm usually nervous going to a salon for the first time.  But since I'm new here in AZ I didn't really have a choice.  So like most people do now a days, I checked out Yelp and read reviews.  Rolf's is the closest to me and reviews were pretty good so I thought I'd try it.  I was able to get an appt. with Eleanor.The place was really nice and clean.  Front desk attendant greeted me, checked me in and offered me refreshments.  Then Eleanor came to get me, she was really friendly and professional.  When she shampoo'ed my hair she didn't rush like most do.  Most important thing, she listened to how I want my hair cut.   I am really happy how my hair turned out.  My husband loves it too =)Price is average.  With the place looking so nice and staff looking so professional I thought I'd be paying more...hehe.   So I was happy with my haircut, my new stylist and the price!Going back to Eleanor this weekend to take my daughter for a haircut.
1	I went to Rolf's for at least 7 years, having found a stylist that really was wonderful.  Now that she's left the salon, I can review this place honestly without my opinion hurting her.  I used not only her, but other stylists (if she were filled up or not available)  and I've been happy with my services.  So, if that's all you're looking for, then go right ahead.  From the minute you walk in, this place is garish and tacky.  The chairs don't even have foot rests, they had to buy footrests and if you're short, you can't reach them.  The closed circuit TVs have endless loops of Rolf himself, and all the public events and accomplishments he's so proud of.  Rolf is a Euro-trash Zoolander megalomaniac that treats his employees terribly.  (not a very well-held secret)  The hours aren't very accommodating.  Only on Fridays and Saturdays are they open at 8 a.m., which means the other days, you can't even make plans for lunch if you get a morning appointment.  Every couple of years, I was congratulated for my stylist being promoted, which means by the time I quit going, my services for cut, color, and style was upwards of $300.  If it means my stylist got paid more, that's fine, but I tip 20-25% so I felt like I was making sure she was being compensated for her skills.  Now comes the really crappy business practices.  The day before an appointment, I was called and told my stylist was not going to be available and had "to be out of the salon on short notice" and I was rescheduled with another girl.  I didn't think much about it, maybe she or another family member was sick.  When I go and try and schedule my next appointment, 6 or 8 weeks out, they say my regular stylist wasn't on the schedule and when she returned to work all of her clients would be notified so they could move their upcoming appointments into her schedule.  So I got concerned.  When I did come back in, I asked the new stylist what had happened and she told me that my stylist was no longer working at the salon (and she whispered it to me, glancing around, making sure no one heard her).  The reception desk finally admitted that day that my stylist had left their employ and that, in case I hadn't noticed, I had received a discount for these two appointments for my "inconvenience".  Well, I consider myself a client of my stylist, not a customer of Rolf's so I have quit going.  I felt lied to and manipulated.  If loyalty to employees and customers is important to you, then avoid this place.  If you want to overpay for services and have your senses assaulted by bright lights and the  non-stop commercials, then this place is for you.
3	I stopped in the salon because my dermatologist told me that they sell a certain shampoo for my scalp issues.I have not had a service done here so I am just commenting on the front desk gal who helped me out.. She was extremely sweet and helpful. The only part I didn't like was that she was trying to talk me into coming in monthly for a $40 conditioning treatment and then saying I could get an additional $35 blow dry.... I mean talk about an upsell! She was just doing her job though and she's very good at it. I can appreciate a hard sale. I just thought it was over the top considering I mentioned I just wanted to buy a certain product. She wasn't pushy though so I respect her telling me about the treatments. Anyways.. I've had friends who have gone here and say they are too pricey for the quality. You pay depending on the level of stylist. You can end up paying $250 for a color and cut and it "may" turn out decent... Or it may be a disaster. Yikes! I am sure they have some awesome girls here but I will keep my hair girl who doesn't change her prices ;)
