4	There's been a million restaurants in this divey space in the past couple years and none have excited me until now. I'm thrilled to have Stacy's in the neighborhood! Grabbed lunch here earlier this week and it was as good as I remembered but closer!! I had the pulled chicken sandwich and fries. The chicken is tender and smokey. The bun is standard hamburger. Since I really like the BBQ sauce, I need to remember to ask for a side of spicy for dipping my fries. The fries are homemade, thin and skin on -- they're not crunchy (which is good with me, but I realize may disappoint some people). The lunch special (sandwich, side and drink) is $7.10 with tax. CASH ONLY, BTW!!I understand they're planning to paint the building purple and working on some shaded seating so I can't wait to see this place continue to come together! In the meantime, it's already on the regular lunch rotation!!
5	Stacy's has moved from Indian School to 7th Street north of Hatcher.  The pulled pork and brisket are a delight and the sauce just spicy and phenominal with a touch of sweet. Just the best news having Stacy's to add to the 7th Street Urban revival.
5	This place is amazing.  We've enjoyed everything we've ever ordered from here.  Great ribs and hot links!  Their homemade french fries are very good and the catfish (they just added to the menu) is the best I've ever had.  They do have a couple of tables but the seating isn't very inviting.  The employees are friendly and the food is addictive.  On the pricey side, considering the low rent district & the fact that they are predominantly take out, but worth every penny.
4	Still delicious and you can use a credit/debit card now!!!
5	This is roadside food. A few outdoor tables, but so worth it whether you eat there or take it home. The food is deeply smoked, which I love. Had the brisket, cowboy beans and potato salad--all stellar. The brisket isn't as tender as other BBQs, nor do they trim the fat, however, I think it has a deeper flavor this way. The BBQ sauce is clearly homemade and very flavorful. Ignore the "Cash Only" sign--they do take credit cards now. You can't go wrong here.
5	Wasn't expecting to get such great BBQ! The brisket was amazing and the pulled pork sandwich was probably the best I ever had. Keep up the great work fellas!
3	Stacy's is so cute! I pulled up and its a little shack with some limited seating outside. Seems like most people take their food to go, but your more then welcome to eat at their tables if you like.When you pull up, you order at the window and they make the food for you while you wait.  There were a few of us hanging out in the parking lot at the time, which was kinda fun!  I got the BBQ Brisket to go, and it was a okay.  I loved the fact that it was smoked, and the BBQ sauce was on the side, so I could put on as much as I'd like.Menu's kinda limited but good, and pricing is fair.  So, I was checking out their make shift dining area, and I had to laugh because there was a spray painted sign above that said "man cave."  LOL.Place is cute, I recommend carrying out, and parking is kinda tight. Definitely a cute spot, and not a half bad place!
3	They don't have the lunch specials on the menu or tell you about them if you don't ask, so make sure to ask. The sandwiches don't come with fries and their fries are over priced for not being very good. The pulled pork sandwich is good and so is the sauce. Also, expect a long wait especially if people are ahead of you.
4	Great service from this little shack. More beef brisket on the sandwich than was expected. Tasty, and worth the price (7.90), but I like a more smokey flavor than what was provided. If I'm in the area again I will be tempted to return.
5	Great place! Our daughter told us she saw it on a food network show and we tried it. The pulled pork sandwich was awesome, the beans were amazing and the fries were good. Good portions for the price .
2	So dissapointed by this new location of the family owned Stacy's.  The Sauce was literally an icky uber sweet  mess. The price was quite high for a small portions of  medioacre bbq. TPreviously I have love Stacy's on Indian School. but this is not the same!
1	I saw this place featured on Food Network and was all too excited to incorporate it into my trip to Clarkdale ( by way of Phoenix)!! My friend got me from the airport and we headed straight over. On the way, we noticed a Mexican stand, brimming with customers. We should have taken the cue!!! Pulling up to Stacy's we found an empty desolate parking lot. Stacey peered through a window, with an unwelcoming expression. Sorry for the inconvenience!...I asked if he were the one and only from the Food Network. After confirming. I asked why the location change. A one word angered response: DivorceOh! His focus was ten on how cold it was. Again, we felt like an inconvenience and hurried since we were the cause of him having to keep the window afar to get our order. We shrugged it off. We're New Yorkers and not thin skinned... The menu was difficult to decipher and incredibly expensive. Admit ably, I wasn't surprised. I'd expect that he'd egotistically feel inclined to raise his fees after being featured on a respectable network. Well we settled on a pulled pork sandwich for LJ and a 2 meat combo for me. Since my combo only came with one side, I had to pay roughly 4$ for an ounce of mac & cheese. Thee worst investment ever!!!!!My total was about 15$ for a plate full of nastiness!!! Here's what we had collectively!The brisket - chewy!!!The ribs - almost tender but the sauce killed its potential! Candy coated ribs - yuck!The mac & cheese - I've never had a worse glob of mess in my life. It was made with some gooey cheese product and had the consistency of spackle. Also there was an abundance of sugar in it.The greens - CANNED!!!!! Smh! Blasphemy!The yams - can I have some yams with that nutmeg please?!! Yuck!The pulled pork - dry and not pulled at all. Clumps of pork on a bun.The best of our items was the potato salad which was mediocre at best. And the nail in the coffin: two slices of white bread vs the corn bread or biscuit that I was expecting. I found out that it would have cost me extra for either! Stacy's was the greatest let down ever. Afterward, we stopped in the Walgreens/cvs for water....afraid of Stacy's cost associated with even a cup of tap. For kicks, I asked the gent at check out about the best BBQ in the area. He said defiantly NOT Stacy's! I'd recommend the Mexican place up the block before them. Wish we had talked to him first!We concluded that perhaps the ex wife walked with the recipes in the divorce settlement. Stacy, as a culinary professional, I am embarrassed by what you served us. Please take a culinary class....or ten.
4	Visiting from Chicago... First, we arrived late, almost closing time. The guys were great-they recommended the brisket and it was amazing. Cowboy beans were excellent and portions huge!!  Friendly service, good food, a high character BBQ place. Not for someone looking for a fancy sit down place. But if you are looking for good quality bbq, I Recommended!
1	Mediocre and that's being generous. Wait was terribly long. Over priced for the quality. All the meat was drowned in BBQ sauce. So many flies  in dining area I couldn't enjoy my food. My brisket was dry and lukewarm with crunchy bits. Links were average and Macaroni salad nothing special. I paid $11 for something I didn't even eat. I wouldn't come back.
4	Had to get my barbecue on today. It was a late lunch and all the close places weren't open and the only open one I know of was just too far to drive. On N 7th Street, I finally found Stacey's.At one time, I pretty much ran all over Hell's half-acre looking for this place. I tried Indian School Road and a couple of other places in Phoenix that were all FORMER Stacey's BBQ locations. I found the real deal in what looks like a former ice cream stand, next to my computer guy's storefront. There is a God.Ordered half a slab of spare ribs, cowboy beans, corn bread and diet soda. Not only do they accept cash, now they accept credit cards!! (I hear Handel's "Messiah" in the background) There's VERY limited seating. Even the smoker is outdoors. I loved everything! The spare ribs had nice rub and good smoke. The sweet bbq sauce was a nice change-of-pace to a tangy sauce that was not very spicy, but had a little kick to it. The cowboy beans are the bbq beans with chopped jalapenos added. A nicely spicy side. Unfortunately, they were out of the corn bread. Diet soda came in a can.BTW, those of you who complain about the "crunchy bits" in the pulled pork or brisket, that is what is called "bark." It's one of the things that gives GOOD barbecue it's flavor. Do the rest of us a favor, if you don't know what the "crunchy bits" are, STOP COMPLAINING!! Your ignorance of what constitutes "good" barbecue is out there for all of us to see. You deserve the barbecue at Dickey's in Scottsdale. I tried THAT "barbecue" once, but never again.All in all, I will return with several friends to put them through their paces. However, I was just  happy to find Stacey's "new" location. I will be back
2	I saw Stacy's on an episode of Best Food Ever and I had to go- I've got an obsession with Food Network shows.When I noticed that Stacy's was in Phoenix and number 4 on the top ben places in the country, I knew it had to be good...But was I wrong.It's kind of far out and there aren't really any people around. I thought maybe it was because people were taking their stuff to go, but no one came around. First, I couldn't even pay with my debit card because their iPad square which reads cards was out of commission, so I walked to the QT to use the ATM which wasn't that big of deal.I ordered the smoked chicken over fries and a small side of fried okra. One piece of the chicken was pretty good, but the drumstick portion I had was kind of dry and chewy. There were very few fries, and they were soggy and drowned by the bbq sauce. The okra looked really promising. I could tell it was fresh, but it wasn't cooked long enough- and when you don't cook okra long enough it kind of has a weird slimy/numby feeling on the mouth. It came with some kind of sauce which wasn't that great.I paid about $11 for the side and the chicken with fries and ended up throwing a little more than half of it away. I couldn't eat much of it.
2	Still on the search for decent BBQ in this city, I ordered from Stacy's based on a recommendation from a friend.Great smells as I pulled into the parking lot, so I was hopeful for great food. Ordered the pork ribs, okra, and sweet potato fries. The price for the ribs was great, prices for side dishes slightly high for quantity of food.Fries: too sweet with the addition of cinnamon, burned, and dry.Okra: crispy on the outside, moist on the inside. Just slightly too salty.Ribs: smoked and good texture: moist but not over cooked. Unfortunately they were swimming in sauce. The sauce was sweet and had a good flavor, I just didn't want my meat to be swimming in it.Since I called in my order I had a zero wait and was greeted politely at the pick up window. Although I only gave Stacy's 2 stars (mainly for the overcooked sweet potato fries and wayyyyy too much sauce on the meat), this rib place still rates higher than all the other places I have tried in Phoenix so far.
1	Dear Stacy,Your response/rebuttal is evidence of your lack of professionalism. A few key points:- my friend & I were kind and courteous upon our visit. To your credit, you did deliver our order to the car. However, in an attempt to make small talk and share our excitement of finding your "fine" establishment, you were, at best, lackluster! - Being featured on a show does not mean that your food is awesome. As is evident by the vast numbers of "celebrity chefs" whose cuisine leaves MUCH to be desired. Nor does 20 years in the game offers any solace to my palate. It merely means (as is evident by your defensive tone) that you refuse constructive criticism and continue to in your wayward fashion of cookery & culinary discourse....regardless of customer feedback.- I make my own "everything"... Salad dressing, ketchup, sausage, hamburger blend, pasta, BBQ SAUCE!!!...EVERYTHING! Great customer service definitely is NOT implying that your client base eats poorly. You're talking to a self proclaimed "food snob"! I Eat Well, everyday...even if i must make it myself! Your sauce, simply put, was horrible. - Canned greens would offer you an excuse for them being as bad! So now, as I understand it, I was served over cooked, week old greens. Great. That definitely makes the experience better....or NOT!- Just left San Diego. There's a tiny little place there that serves the best BBQ I've had in years!!! The line was through the door. Every table was filled (8 tables - at best). And they've never been featured on any fancy show. Simple: they do what they do WELL! And the customer service is stellar! - The male ego is indeed great. But humility strengthens the character of a man. - Thanks for the invite, but nothing could ever make me subject myself to such torture. I'd rather lick the walls of an abandoned brothel. Thanks, bye & be well!
1	Called the day before to find out when they would open on Sunday and if they would have 3lbs of BBQ beef brisket available, or if I had to pre-order.  I was told they would open at 11am and they would have it available tomorrow and I wouldn't need to pre-order for 3 lbs of the beef brisket. On Sunday I showed up at 11am only to find they had new store hours posted that they open at 2p. I called 10 minutes before 2p and a gentleman told me they would in fact be open at 2pm today. I asked if they would have any BBQ beef brisket available when they open.....specifically 3 lbs.  He told me they would. I arrived 20 minutes after they opened, only to be told that they did not have any BBQ beef brisket left. I can't imagine that the beef brisket sold out within the first 20 minutes. It clearly was not that busy. Awful customer service. No apology. I was looking forward to this place, but now I am never coming back. Wasted 2 car trips to get nothing.
2	Tough Critic....So the first thing that I tasted when my order arrived was the potato salad...It screamed STORE BOUGHT. I thought it tasted like someone dumped a jar of pimentos in it, but the hubs said it reeked of miracle whip (seriously who makes potato salad with miracle whip?) So THAT was a disappointment. But I came for the meat so let's move on..."I paid $21 for $18 worth of fat." ~ DIRECT QUOTE from the hubsTo be fair, I came near closing time and perhaps got yucky end pieces but....The meat was fatty and I couldn't get the taste of the liquid smoke out of my mouth the rest of the evening. The sauce was good but I felt like it was used to conceal the terrible quality of the meat. They ran out of napkins, and were stingy with them once they ran across the street to get more...Who is stingy with napkins when you're talking about BBQ? Customer service was good. Overall- I would like to try this place again during the busy time to see the quality of meat, but ever with better quality of meat, if they don't get better with the sides and lay off the liquid smoke, the prices aren't worth it even with the phenomenal sauce.
1	One star.  The brisket was overly fatty and tough, and the 2 ribs were chewy and over-sauced.  I like fat on my meat, but not to the point where there's so little meat that all I'm chewing and swallowing is fat.  It was very unpleasant.  The cornbread muffin was not moist at all and landed on the table from the server's hands with a rock-like thud.   I've had better macaroni salad at AJ's.  There was not one redeeming quality to the meal.  My friends' pork sandwiches were tasteless also, with semi-cold buns and touch/chewy meat.   Can't believe I paid $11 for this meal, and I really can't believe that this restaurant was featured on a national food show.
2	I went to Stacy's for the first time after seeing it on food network, where it was called the #4 best bbq in the country, so my hopes were high, but it didn't quite measure up. I got the pulled pork sandwich and fried okra. The portions were good, but the pulled pork was kind dry and a little tough, and the okra's flour mix didn't seem to be very well seasoned, like it was just flour. Over-all it was ok, don't think I'm going to rush back though. I wish Bigfoot Bbq in Flagstaff had a location here in Phoenix.
3	Slightly disappointed they didn't have any chicken. :(I had to settle with turkey which was okay but it just was not as moist as the turkey I make. with that said I am giving this place 3 stars because that early in the day how can you be out of chicken?I do not live close so its hard to say that Ill be back soon to try the chicken some day. I'm just hoping to god that its not dry and sliced like the turkey they gave me. Bleh.
5	best bbq ever been there a few times and its amazing especially there sauce
1	Been here twice now, first time I got the ribs which were average at best but pretty expensive considering they weren't special. I went there today to get some chicken and Mac and cheese, I figured that at lunch this place would have been packed -- completely false. I was the only one ordering food and waited a good 10-15 mins before I had to ask them how much longer. Seriously, I could hear the 3 of them talking and they forgot about my order! It definitely doesn't take 15 min to get food ready.  The food is 2.5 stars at best, service is about 0 stars.  If you want good BBQ, you're much better off going somewhere else despite Stacy's appearance on tv.  Go to Joe's Real BBQ in Gilbert, good food and good service
2	Well...... Lets see..... My dad wanted BBQ, we drove around and found this little shack. It kinda reminded me of some little place you would find in the backwoods in the south... Well, we walked up to the window and were greeted by a sweaty guy swatting flies Now that is not the first thing I want to see when eat out, but we ordered anyway..... A couple pulled pork sandwiches, coleslaw, sweet potato fries and Mac n cheese for my kid.... Grand total: $27 bucks and some change. A little pricey but whatever....as long as there weren't any of those swatted flies in my food I'm good. So we waited, literally for 30 minutes for our food. Annoying. We got in the car with our food, I drive away kinda ticked. The fries were great but honestly, there were about 15....the sandwiches were decent, coleslaw awesome and Mac n cheese not so great. I am happy to report no flies were in our food. We will not be back.
2	The walk up window though me off Ok Food but I had better BBQ in Phx
1	*Disclaimer* I had a pulled pork brisket sandwich from a catering truck at an event. Cost was $7 and included a side. The smell from the truck was fantastic and I was starving, so I couldn't wait to dig in. First bite, I got a mouthful of gristle. Ok, no problem, if at first you don't succeed...Bite in again, another mouthful of gristle.After I finished my last bite, I can conclude that their barbecue sauce and bread was very tasty. The little bit of meat I had in my sandwich wasn't bad, but I was so underwhelmed by all the gristle that it just wasn't enjoyable at all. Hopefully this is the exception and they offer delicious briskest. Unfortunately, this wasn't the case for me or my wife.
1	Closed!!! Going back to Indian Schoollocation.
1	Flies on the counter, greasy menus, rude employees, and out of beef ribs at 3:00 p.m.  I tried you twice and both times it was a failure.
