3	I've been to New York and love Buffalo wings and NY Pizza so my Spidey senses tingled when I saw the sign by the highway. It's mainly a big sports bar like Buffalo Wild Wings. I had a pizza and wings. They were not as good as I was hoping but they were decent and not disappointing. More TV screens you can look at so if you or someone you know has ADHD then it's a good place for you. I think I like BW3 wings a bit better but that's just me...
1	Absolutely the worst service I have ever experienced. 3 times in one meal we were brought the wrong order and then the waitress forgot to put in my entree order! Are you kidding me? I will be going to the location on 27th ave and bell from now on, And that is only if I ever come back to native...
3	Not the best food, but definitely not the worst.I really like all of the TVs in the bar area, makes it easy for everyone to get a good view of the game.Wouldn't recommend this place for a date night or anything, unless you're both sports fans, in which case sure why not.Going here for Happy Hour is the BEST, and I highly recommend it because the wings are a great deal.
5	I love coming here with my boyfriend. Great chicken salads and chicken sandwiches.
1	The skimpiest wings I've ever seen offered under the NNY banner. Don't waste your money or time...   Sorry I took my sons here for their first lesson in Buffalo Wings!
1	AWFUL, AWFUL, THE FOOD was not good never had anything that was solo bad.Their pizza was disgusting and the crust mushy and fell apart.  THEY ARE no GOOD AT ALL.
1	Terrible food.  Terrible service.The absolute worst.  We stopped here for lunch and should have gone next door to Fajitas.  The food was both greasy and dry ( I'm not sure how that was accomplished).  There was only one waitress at the end of the lunch hour.  She was nice, but could not keep up with serving the entire restaurant.
1	Stopped in for a company department lunch, big mistake. terrible food and terrible service.The bartender was our server, but bless his heart, he tried. we waited close to 30 minutes for our food, which isn't ideal for when you're on company time. I ordered a lunch special, salad and with what ended up being breaded boneless deep fried chicken strips, however from the menu pic it looked like they were grilled chicken strips.  It wasn't, so I was very disappointed, but i tried to eat it and it was as bad as I knew it would be.Don't go to NNY, every experience i've had there has been terrible.
2	Worst service, longest wait, and still f'd up my order.
4	OK OK I'm still on my health kick but I'm sure this will pass.... For this review  keep in mind this restaurant is a chain. Normally I don't care for chains because they put in countless hours to deliver the same average experience at each and every location, this restaurant is no different. Every Native New Yorker location is pretty much the same! .  Here is my review - First off there is nothing New York about this place other than the name. If you are going to call yourself Native New Yorker, be a New Yorker or at least give me some good old New York attitude. If your not going to give that East Coat attitude to people  then at least give us East Coast tastes. There was three of us. My friend John V. My wife Carol and me.  John V got the Torpedo. My wife Carol got a  Extreme Cheese Burger. Both enjoyed their meal and ate everything on their plate. No left over or dogie bags for either of them. In addition everything was served promptly.I ordered healthy. I got a Chicken Wrap. It was huge, It was kind like a salad. It had grilled chunks of chicken sitting on large lettuce leafs with chopped cabbage, & corn. Kind of like an Asian slaw with dressing. It was simply fantastic.FOOD: Delicious food that is always consistent. PRICE: Decent prices. SERVICE: Our server was extremely pleasant, but we never did get his name. In fact the manager also stopped by and ask how our food was and he didn't introduce himself. AMBIANCE:  Typical sports bar atmosphere, lots of TVs all around the place.  It is a huge place where there is a bar area and the restaurant has plenty of booths and tables. CONCLUSION: Typical sports bar that  RETURN FACTOR: Definitely coming back! :)
2	I don't recommend. The wait staff was excellent ( the only reason for the two stars). The food was bad. I ordered the Buffalo fish sliders and my companion ordered the hamburger sliders. The fish was typical breaded patties that were not spicy at all, and served on a pretzel bun. Weird combination that didn't work well. Really all you taste is the pretzel bun as the fish is too delicate to compete. The beef sliders were charred black and just dry and gross. I will not be trying this place ever again.
4	I am surprised by all of the negative reviews because our experience was excellent! We went to Native today to watch football. The place is immaculate. Our server was outstanding! Derek was attentive and on top of it. We came with 6 people, and Derek kept our drinks and bellies full. The wings weren't great, but we also had cheeses ticks, flat bread and tater tots, and they were all really good. My bloody Mary was great--spicy and yummy. We will definitely be back!
5	justin is the best serverthey really sing for your birthdayjasmine is greatthe parmesan wings are greatthe steak sandwichthe roast beefcheesecake is wonderful
2	We love the wings and pizza here but now we will only order carry out. The service here is ridiculous. We have tried 3 times to come back to see if it was just a bad night. However, every time we come back the service has just gotten worse. Today we walked in to the bar with 5 people at the bar, bartender and I made eye contact and she went and talked to someone at the other end of the bar.  We sat and waited. On the TVs at the bar there were two Michigan vs Penn State TVs, 1 with Nascar, and 2 with baseball. No PAC 10 games. The bartender changed the channel when my husband asked but it's the final straw for us. Buffalo Wild Wings is right around the corner.  Why suffer through poor service?
2	Oh man, this place is really bad. It was almost like our server knew it, and felt bad for taking our order. Its really loud inside, which we thought was good because we have 3 kids.. But it seemed like the servers couldn't hear over the noise, and our order was screwy. Food was terrible.
1	We reserved a table for 30 for 8pm early in the day giving the manager enough time to accommodate. The evening manager informed us when we arrived that he had changed our reservation because the other manager should never had set up the reservation on a 'football' night. We waited 40 minutes to take our order. Another 30 min for food to start coming and we had to get our own silverware and napkins because people were getting food without having anything to eat with. Horrible management. Horrible service. Too bad because the food wasn't bad!
5	Straight up wing heaven. Been going to this location for YEARS! Service? Great! Food! They're "more than just great wings"...but I go for the wings. Most important? Beer!I've never received bad service here. Attentive, pleasant, and prompt.
1	Came here for lunch. Me and another customer stood at the front reception desk for about 5 minutes before someone showed up. I sat at the bar thinking the service would be faster. WRONG I saw about 3 or 4 servers and I guess one was the bartender. Took another 6 minutes for someone to take my drink order. Another 6 minutes to take my food order. Took 45 minutes to get a SALAD! The food is good but the service is terrible.  :(
5	Its super cool. Favorite bartender is Travis. The pregnant girl my favorite waitress.
4	Yummy WINGS.. waitress was attentive!nice experience!! luv buffalo chips with toppings on the side!!
2	I've been occasionally going to Native New Yorker establishments since I moved to Phoenix. We decided to try this place, with the name Native, last night. I ordered a Bronx Calzone, my wife ordered a Apple walnut salad and for an appetizer we had the chicken bacon ranch flat bread. Bronx Calzone - overpowering tomato  flavor. I couldn't taste the peperoni at all.Apple Walnut Salad - they forgot the apples.Flat bread - tasty.The service was good (Brian). The aesthetics of the place had a slapped together feel, very unlike other Native New Yorker restaurants I've visited. Of the 15-20 televisions only 1 had the coyotes game on, one had the suns game on, and the rest were a mix of golf, car racing, fishing, and boxing - all blaring loud. The noise in what was essentially a  giant room with tables was unsettling.I cannot recommend going here because I can't see myself going back in the future.
5	Went there for my friends birthday. It was unexpectedly great. My friends had wings and I had the pasta. Both were great! The deal on the wings on Tuesdays is phenomenal in comparison to some of their competitors. I had strawberry lemonade which was very amazing as well. Derrick Garza was our server he was very friendly and prompt with our food. We are definitely going back soon!
5	This place was with out a doubt great. I am a wing connoisseur so I know what I am talking about when I say that these wings are great. I've been to Hooters, B-W-Wings, Long Wongs etc but none compared to the overall service and food here. Our waiter, Derek Garza, made the experience much more phenomenal. He is definitely the go to guy because he does the job right. Not only did he understand our situation when it came down to our food, but his attention to detail and honesty for sure won me over. I've been to places when they say that "yeah everything is great, you'll love it!" But he knew that not everything is for everyone. This place didn't get 5 stars, they earned it.
1	My first experience at this restaurant started out very good with a friendly server who was charming and cute. She took our drink order and brought them to us in a reasonable amount of time. So far so good. She then took our food order and after that everything fell apart. She asked us if we wanted our salads before or with our meals. We opted for before. We waited for about 20 minutes or so and suddenly our food arrived. The food we ordered looked nothing like what was pictured on the menu. It was also lukewarm at best. My wings were almost cold. My cousin only received half of his order of wings. We inquired about our salads and the food runner said "oh, did you order salads?" A different server came out to tell me that they didn't have French dressing for salads so I chose Italian instead. The salads were brought out a few minutes later, one of which had ranch dressing instead of the thousand island which had been requested. That salad had to be returned because the ranch dressing was very messily slopped into the little dressing cup and was all over the salad. After that was taken care of, another person came out to tell us that the other half of my cousin's order would be coming out soon. It finally arrived after he had finished his salad and the first half of the order.  We  then got a different server who told us that our original server had been cut for the evening. We had told our original server how to split our party of four into two checks but when our our last server brought the bill, it was all on one bill. She said that the original server didn't mention anything about it. The manager showed up a few moments later, unrequested, to ask how our experience was.  We explained our dissatisfaction to him and he did apologize and explained that he had been doing inventory in back and didn't know what was going on. He said that he wanted us to leave with a smile on our faces so that we would come back again but never offered anything beyond making sure our bill got split properly. He then made some small talk about the weather after asking where we were from (Indiana) and that was it. So, in summation, the drinks were fine, the servers were friendly but the service was lousy and the food quality was mediocre. I don't expect a 5-star meal from a wing joint for sure, but this experience was just bad all the way around.
3	Cold fries... sent back.. they came back as fast as I sent them back... meaning they micro nuked them.. I could do that at home...which I dont ever ! Servers are great though
5	Staff are very friendly and attentive, food is always good, I love this place, haven't been in couple months but I had to post this today as I was reminded of how good this place is after visiting the one on Bell and 73th ave,,,, cuz this very last one was a horrible experience....
