1	This was a terrible experience.  I am a regular Target shopper and was returning three small items that were less than $5 total.  Two of the items were not coming up on their computer but were clearly showing on my receipt for $105.  The two service associates acted helpless dumbfounded and definitely not empowered.  They continuously asked me if i had another receipt.  After I screamed at them that it was ridiculous to put me through this for $2, they gave me a cash refund-for less than I paid.  I am still annoyed, I can't believe retail has sunken to this level of stupidity.
5	This is only about the pharmacy.  I'm sure most people are not too open about their medical issues or history with anyone.  We trust our doctors and should trust our pharmacists as well.  I've gone to other pharmacies where the pharmacists and assistants have not been sensitive to the situation by speaking loudly, condescendingly, or short.  I don't know about you, but that sure doesn't make me feel better when I'm sick.It's nice to have friendly, intelligent people in charge of my private information.  It's obvious they are well-educated, have helpful things to say, are well-versed, show concern and a true to desire to help.  The pharmacists and assistants here are absolutely fantastic and will drive most distances to keep my prescriptions here.
5	I remember going to the old version of this Target when I was a kid.  They have since knocked it down along with Service Merchandise and built a colossal mega Target.  Very cool place.  Guess what's inside it? Starbucks.. heh.. That alone makes it better than most Targets.Cool people, helpful staff, so this place is rockin for what you need.
5	I love Target, can't wait for the fresh produce department to get here.  Although, this location was recently remodeled.  I was hoping for a Super Target then.  So now they are going to put produce, looks as if my dream of a Super Target is slowly approaching, lol...maybe in a few more years :)
4	Such a great deal on boots! Check out the clearance sections for hidden treasures!
1	I could not believe it!A customer proceeds to checkout an entire shopping cart at the PHARMACY COUNTER. This is while other customers including me wait to pick up prescriptions. And apparently this is okay with Target -- I asked... This is totally inconsiderate behavior to other customers. Target needs to limit the number of items being checked out at the pharmacy counter.Or, maybe it is time to switch back to Walgreens. This would never happen there!
4	I love this location. They have a Starbucks! Lots of cool stuff for you home. They have a decent selection of groceries (bit pricey tho). Lots of cool clearance deals. Very clean store. This is my favorite Target location in my side of town.
5	Clean store and they now carry produce
2	I freaking love Target. I even get all goofy when I say the name. I bring on the fancy French accent even though I know that's not how you say it people's. This Target however, is a freaking let down. As are most places recreated in the older neighborhoods of Glendale. I can't wait to move back to Phoenix just so that I can be nearer a better Target. That's only part of it but it makes a huge difference. It seems like I can never find what I'm looking for at this location. I hate that. Target is supposed to have everything. And friendly employees who are right there ready to help you find whatever you need. Help me people. Help me and I will ca your supervisor and tell them what an amazing employee they have. It's science. But no. Not here. The employees see you walking around like a chicken with your head cut off and they point and laugh. Not literally or externally but it's like they enjoy seeing you struggle to find something they probably don't carry at this location. Wow. I'm getting frustrated just thinking about it. Grrrr. Don't go here. Why do I keep going here? No more. Unless its an emergency. Then maybe. But only if I absolutely have to. Because I hate Wally's more.
4	I love Target! I went to this Target in Glendale because I was visiting my parents and I had a mobile Target coupon, buy one get on free accessories, jewelry, or watch and I must say I got a SUPER great deal. I got some earrings on clearance for $2.38 and got a $49.99 watch for FREE! My total after tax was $2.60! I thought I would've had a problem because it took the most expensive item off, but the cashier who cashed me out was super nice and said that it was valid and corporate knew an started a little conversation with me. KUDOS Target for the great customer service! I have it a 4 out of 5 because they didn't have a variety of watches to choose from, but the customer service was great!
3	One of the few stores in Phoenix that still carry Jello sugar free Vanilla pudding cups in the dairy case. We love the stuff and it makes a great easy dessert with whip cream and a little chocolate syrup drizzled on. (Have to have the sugar free so you can have the whipped cream).   :)
2	I've been shopping at this location for years and have never had anything negative to say, until now. I tried to return a $7 shirt to this Target location the day after Christmas. The woman at the return desk would not allow me to return the shirt (understandable, I had no receipt) AND wouldn't give me a store credit even though the item still had all the tags on it. The explanation from this woman was "Target will not permit more than $75 worth of returns in 1 calendar year. Based on my DL I had made several returns in 2013 (of course I had I live nearby and frequent this story) and those returns prevented them from doing anything to help me. Considering they've compromised my personal credit with their IT incompetence you'd think they bend over backwards to accommodate their customer base. I'm very disappointed in Target and will never look at them the same way again.
2	Bathroom was so grosss. Toliet paper every where dirt on the floor and even pee on one of the toliets. I looked on the bathroom check sheet and acording to there wasnt a bathroom check since 1200 and it was 9 at night. Bad service
1	I used to go to this target but I will not be returning after my last visit. I was checking out and I was going to use some coupons I printed out on my purchase and I kidd you not they almost treat you like criminals when you pull out the coupons, their politeness turns into rudeness. The employees talk to each other out loud to discuss the coupons and it's almost like I'm not there. I kept telling the cashier that it was fine that I didn't want the item anymore since they were having such trouble figuring out the coupon (and there was a huge line behind me) and she completely ignored me. Another time I went to pay and I handed the guy coupons and he says he doesn't do coupons, like what does that even mean? Like yeah you kind of have to.. I used to have good shopping experiences here but not lately. I'm kind of over it and won't be returning. *They need to work on their attitude and have some patience.
3	Oh target, the store is clean and friendly staff but can be hard to find them in the time of need, usually they all hang out upfront.
1	I hope you don't have a customer service question for the fitting room department! I literally waited 10mins with 3 employees around me trying to get their attention and  I gave up. Went to customer service and expressed my complaint. I refuse to make a purchase here.
1	One star because zero isn't an option. The manager is incompetent. I always love target but this location left a bad taste in my mouth with their poor customer service. I used the cartwheel app and took my kids to get pool toys and floaters since the discount was supposed to be 30% off ALL pool tools and floaties. We picked some arm wings and and innertube and the associate Nd manager told me I couldn't apply the discount. Apparently arm floaties are considered and life vest? Pretty sure an innertube is not but they refused even though I showed them exactly what the coupon said. Thanks for costing me a crap ton of money or forcing me to leave with crying children. I refuse to shop here again. Rude management and refusing to let me use their coupons, what a scam.
3	Hit or miss with targets. Mostly because location. This one was Ok. Customer service slacked in certain departments. When I asked for help I was pointed in the wrong direction 3 different times. The photo center is hidden and no one to help you.
3	I love target in general but this place lost a star due to the fact it looks like their gardening section is vanishing. I needed garden supplies and only found about a aisle worth of stuff that was all majorly marked down which tells me they are more than likely getting rid of the gardening section.I got rid of another star due to parking and location.  The corner the store is on is busy which is good for business but it makes it hard to get in and out of the parking lot.Overall it's a great store but they seem to lack a lot of what I've seen at other locations. It's like they are constantly out of stock on stuff.
4	This isn't the kind of neighborhood you want to be in too long after dark, but the store is fairly clean and feels less "uppity" than other Target stores. I prefer the beauty section layout here to the Christown Target. The cashiers are talkative, and the soft pretzel was delicious.
2	Target has a promotion they call Holly Jolly Savings.  It is promoted as spend $50 on Holiday items and get $10 off at the register. Sounds easy enough!  I fill my shopping cart with holiday Items and get to the check out..  My total was $171.80.  I showed the cashier my coupon, she scanned it  and told me my purchases did not qualify.  Really?,.....I ask how much more do I need to spend to qualify?  She does not have a clue but suggested I inquire at the customer service desk.  I go to the customer service desk and the clerk also has no clue to how the promotion works, but he was somehow sure I did not qualify.  I told him I would no longer be shopping at Target and he smiled and wished me a good day.  Officially added Target to my do not shop there anymore list along with Sears and Kmart..  I added a star as they have incredible shopping carts.
