5	Bass, you want to pay me to shop? Sure, I will not decline such an offer. Okay, they might not have paid me to pick out shoes, but it was close enough. I recently went shopping for black dress shoes for an interview I have tomorrow and was on the fence about Bass. The shoes are nice, but at $120 I could go somewhere else for a similar style. Right now they are having a sale. I originally thought that the signs said "buy one, get the second pair free or 60% off one pair". No, it gets better. Good thing I have a tendency of listening in to sales associates when they speak. One was elaborating on the discount and it was "buy one, get two pairs free or 60% off one pair". Are you kidding me? So I can buy a pair for $120 and get the next two pairs of equal or lesser value for free? Yes, please~! Please bag those pairs of simple black dress shoes, the ones with the silver bar embellishment, and a pair of olive boat shoes up for me. Thank you. My total cost for three new pairs of shoes with tax and a donation to charity was only $135.
4	Yelp 100 Challenge * 5/100If it weren't for semi-annual sales, 'Bass Shoes' wouldn't even be in my vocabulary. Truth be told! Knowing the quality (and ridiculous 3-figure price ranges that come with it), I was super hesitant to walk in here when my parents and I dropped by the South Outlet Mall on Monday - SUPER hesitant. But then, I remembered getting a pair of aerosoles loafers for a fraction of its original price at the Fashion Show earlier that day, so perhaps Bass had something attractive to offer as well. Mommy spotted a nice pair of black velvet flats that had a before and after discount label that came with it. Before: $89.99, After: 15.99. My eyes widened and I immediately egged my mom to try them on. A perfect fit and comfort at its finest. Women were hogging the shelves like no tomorrow and while they were at it, I caught sight of a brown pair of loafers priced at $18 while its original price was $99! After much careful contemplation and debate over want vs. need, I decided to get them as well, and without a trace of guilt too, funny enough! (I tend to be pretty conscious when it comes to spending and shopping as a whole) Our combined total was only $37 with what said on the receipt was over $150 in savings. I would've never seen that coming. Just like Aerosoles, you could expect soft footbeds and easy walking. By choosing to buy these shoes during the sales, you are not only saving your wallets, but you're also saving your ankles from hurting (from all the mediocre buys around including wet seal etc.) So save up for their next big sale and trust me, you can most definitely look forward to it!
3	We used to shop at the North Premium Outlets location a lot before it closed. I was curious about the boots but every pair here was not padded on the bottom, not comfortable, and not leather (all were faux). There was an additional 15% off marked prices. I tried on quite a few pairs before giving up. I did look at the socks, which I remember being good quality. The store did not have sweaters like the other location, just jackets (on the wall near the boots), and accessories like scarves, and gloves (front middle of the store).The sales clerks were very friendly. A couple of them asked how I was doing. It was clean and in order. It's a narrow rectangle-shaped store. There were some other customers but it wasn't busy.
