4	Well let's see...there really aren't a lot of options when it comes to a brunch, and Foothills doesn't disappoint....too much. ha. Ok...upon entering, I felt like I was entering a low key wedding party. Large round tables (which by the way is perfect w/ kids) and a smile at the door. Felt welcome immediately. Long line of food w/ the usual suspects and one surprising one. Eggs Benedict. Didn't have one myself, but saw many enjoying. Cool Bloody Mary bar too for next to dirt (in price) and cheap($) mimosas. One surprise was no direct-waiter service...which I always thought....at a brunch buffet...why do I need a waiter? Don't get me wrong, there are plenty of people replacing food, and taking care of tables, you're just not bogged down with one server so you can ask anyone for anything.  What's really cool and what will have me going back is the people there. They seem eager and appreciative every person is there. Pretty cool to be around that...especially on a Sunday morning.My only gripe (and it's considered by many to be a high-maintenance one) is I can tell their food is not ...local. I'm huge on supporting local agriculture...but we are talking about a corporate golf course...so for what it is. A- and still has tons of potential. OH-The golf course...very good. In a residential but very open. Well taken care of. not a lot of water at all and semi-quick greens. sand traps and desert that'll make you look horrible or like an absolute rock star. hahaa....I'm like a +22 and shot an 87.
4	I am very pleased to have a great brunch spot in the Foothills area! We just went this weekend for the 2nd time, and it will definitely not be our last! I do not eat eggs so sometimes breakfast can get a little boring, but I did not feel that way here. I had plenty of options and my favorite was the biscuits and sausage gravy. I think we have found a lil gem right in the Foothills and once the neighborhood finds out about this it might get too crowded!
4	I've played Foothills a couple of times.  Not bad at all for the price.  The Foothills has some decent scenery, and it's been in decent shape both times I played.  The layout is nice, with water coming into play on three or four holes.  For the price, it's much better than comparable courses in the East Valley.  You can usually get a spring twilight round or a summer round for a very reasonable rate (~$30?).The practice facilities aren't the greatest.  The layout is kind of confusing.  The course isn't particularly difficult, although I want to murder the 17th green.  Those bunkers are going to get it next time.
4	Course is looking good!!
3	This is not a golf review!  I came here two weeks ago for a wedding, so my review is based entirely on the wedding.  It was an outdoor wedding in front of the clubhouse.  The way they incorporated their waterfall into the precession was quite nice I will say.  As for the banquet facility it was just OK.  The food was served buffet style and it was god awful.  The staff was quite nice and it was open bar, can't complain about that!!
3	I played Foothills this morning and it was fine. Not spectacular, not crappy, but somewhere in the middle. We had an early tee time, so we were able to beat the heat and the course wasn't too crowded.     I enjoyed the seemingly laid back attitude. All the starter said was, "The putts break away from the towers, have a good time." At the ritzy, uptight courses, the starters or marshals seem to read you the constitution before you can even tee off.     The course was in decent shape. The greens rolled true and there were a few that were two-tiered. The fairways had just been aerated, but I wouldn't knock a course for that. It's maintenance that has to be done. The "desert" areas weren't necessarily  desert areas, but spots were ground was cleared and stuff never grew back.     As far as the layout, It was designed by Tom Weiskopf and Jay Morrish, two well-known course designers. The front nine wasn't horribly difficult, while the back was markedly tougher. There was four sets of tees, with the black (or back) tees stretching out to just over 7,000 yards. There were some tough holes with deep, steep-faced, green-side bunkers, but only a few fairway bunkers. Water came into play on four holes, but there were no long carries over the water. All of the par fives were reachable in two, while the par threes were of the shorter variety. One of the nicer aspects of the course was that not too many holes were laid out next to each other, so you don't have to dodge errant shots from golfers playing the neighboring holes. The drawback to this is the course winds through housing developments and the views of the mountains are obscured.    The clubhouse seemed nice with a small bar for drinks and sandwiches. The pro shop was adequate with the necessities but didn't have too much in terms of equipment. To buy clubs and such from a golf course pro-shop isn't the most frugal decision anyways. They did have a clearance rack of shirts at good prices.    Foothills is a course I would play again, as well as recommend to others. While not dazzlingly difficult or breathtakingly scenic, It is a good value, and the atmosphere is an enjoyable one.
2	I used to love this course, but I don't know what is going on there anymore. The greens are just horrible! You can not putt straight there are dead spots and it looks like disease, the ball zig zags all over the place.
4	One of the better course at an affordable rates, even the winter rates, its still affordable. Landscape is pretty good mainly due to the course is built on bottom of South Mountain, AZ. Fairways are generous and forgiving. Some holes are surrounded by houses. Greens are typical speed and can be tricky due to the mountain (tip: just make sure you are aware of the mountain and water wrt your putting line) but not PGA fast. Long hitters will have fun on most of the PAR 5s. I would definitely go back for another round. I have taken lots of photos.
1	Would have rated a 0 star but could not... Pathetic course conditions... Its April for petes sake... The staff was very rude and inconsiderate... No water at all in ball washers or even the ball washer on the cart... Will not recommend or play this course again...
1	Shame on you...Foothills. What was once an upscale, challenging and fairly well maintained course, is now a pathetic, weed strewn, bare ground covered cow pasture in the desert. I live in the area and was proud to have the Foothills and Club West in the neighborhood. However, sInce the clubs have been taken over by new ownership, both courses have declined so dramatically, that it is an embarrassment to the area.I played just two weeks ago after avoiding the course for more than a year due to its' steady decline. I was appalled by how much more ignored the course was. I will not play it again as long as the current ownership is in place. I now travel 20-25 minutes to play the Raven. An outstanding course with fair rates and good customer service.
2	I have never seen such an unkept course.  I would not be writing this review if I had payed $10 to play here but they charged us $50!  The cart paths were rough, the grass was yellow, and the greens looked like a disease was growing on them.
3	I played this course on 8/6/2014.  One of the four courses that make up the Foothills Golf Group, I think this course could be a really nice place to play.  Sadly, the fairways were mostly horrible and the greens were very damaged.  It could be bad weather, but I think it's also poor maintenance.  It's sad.  It's a nice layout.
1	Had a DealChicken for the golf course which was an amazing value, came with a round of golf, couple sleeves of Nike balls and lunch for $15, however when we checked in a they had was cheap Strata golf balls that no one wants, requested Nike's like the voucher clearly states and again was told tough. Course was in fair condition, some of the greens had really bad bare patches in them. Also, went to the club house at 4 after we were done and were immediately told we had to leave cause there was a wedding coming in. So much for the 19th hole!
1	This is a goat track!  Course was in terrible shape.  Management must be desperate as it was completely over booked with coupon players that had never put a golf club in their hands.  Don't waste your time!
1	Biggest dog track waste of money golf course in Arizona.  They fool you with a nice clubhouse and mountain scenery but be course itself is beyond awful.  Even in the peak season when grass grows and the weather is great they can't seem to keep the course in even decent shape!!! Dirt and ground under repair all over the fairways and greens!!!  ALL YEAR LONG GARBAGE!!!!  I've played here several times over the last 7 years and it gets consistently worse each time.   Today was the last straw!  I wanted to give it one more chance figuring the weather has been great and we got a ton of rain this year.  Big mistake!!!  Course was in terrible shape as usual.. Worse than ever!!!  Then to cap it off, not only did they overbook as usual, but they let a 5-some with 4 women go out in front of us!!!!   And they were all clearly beginner golfers with no etiquette.  We had to skip a hole to get past them because they wouldn't let us play through.. The other 2 guys in out group went home after 2 1/2 holes it was so bad!!!Never playing here again!!!!!!  And if you are from out of town or a local I suggest you go anywhere else but here!!!   I didn't even mention that it's overpriced for a garbage course.. Should be $10 not $50.Get with it Foothills.. You should be embarrassed!!!
1	Where do I start... A few year ago this place had great views and pretty decent grounds keeping. Over the last year I have played here 3 times, both in summer and fall. The fairways and the greens were so bad last summer most of the time I was putting on bare ground, zero grass. The fairways had 20 by 20 yard areas that looked the same. I felt like I was playing winter rules in Siberia looking for a piece of grass to hit off. Now in November when all course have lush, beautiful grass the foothills is still lacking areas. Smaller bare areas than summer but bad enough that you will definitely be affected. The greens are ok but still some bare areas. I will post pictures of all. Oh yeah, 1 more thing... We booked a 1:12 tee time and have been playing for 2 hours now and have made it to hole 6. The had a 5 some go off in front of our 2 some and said 'we don't mind 5somes.  They are welcome to play here'. So basically what they said there was... Anyone willing to pay for this terrible course is welcome to play and we will not enforce any Rangers. Great. Never playing here again. Can play any other course in the valley for a few bucks more and will be able to finish in less than 5 hours.
3	Nice clubhouse for a partyI cannot speak to the golf course as I was only at Foothills Golf Club for a party in the clubhouse. Nice enough area. It was night and there are not many streetlights, so be prepared to drive slowly and turn quickly. Also, the layout of the front versus rear lot is a bit confusing-- you'll want to park in the higher lot for clubhouse events.Clubhouse is fine. Shows some age, but the service staff are nice enough. Food was also good. Not exceptional mind you, but par for what you would expect.There was great company at the party.  That may be making a positive difference in my rating.
