3	Great spot for affordable quick decent food before your flight!  Decently priced drinks and some solid wings (difficult to find in Montreal).I would much rather grab a bite here than be overcharged for something average at Houston or thrown together from the quicker places.
4	Had a very nice lunch here today before we caught our connection back home. The Bloody Marys were a lot better than those we had at the other Montreal Airport saloon on the way to Calgary (No GD Salt on the rims of the glasses this time.).The smoked meat sandwiches were terrific, the fries were hot and fresh, even the cole slaw was very good. Service was fine and the interior of the restaurant was pleasant.All in all, a very nice place.
3	Decent airport food but beer was expensive! Really, it was almost as much as my sandwich.
1	A few years ago I was in Montreal for meetings. Fate put me at the airport about 3 hours early so I checked in and found this restaurant near my gate. Me and a few co-workers sat down for breakfast while we waited for our flight. We almost missed our flight. The server was quick to take our order but then disappeared. He showed up to serve the people at the other end of the restaurant but only came our way when he dropped our food off. He didn't come to fill coffee or check on us, we sat there for an hour after he brought us our meal waiting for him to return. When he did he took our cards and then disappeared for 45 minutes. We got them back just as they paged us for last boarding call. I came to the airport 3 hours early and still had to run to my plane because the server was too busy serving the 3 other people or hiding in the back room serve us. The food was alright, but cold. I would rather grab an over priced snickers bar from one of the convenient shops than ever go to this place again.
2	One of the worst bloody marys I have ever had.  The burger was one of those frozen packaged patties.  Thin and tasteless.  I should have ordered the smoked meat.
3	Had some time to kill at the Montreal airport and needed some place to sit down and have breakfast while watching Sportscenter.  Le Bar Sportif fit the bill quite nicely.  I had the pancakes and 3 meats (bacon, ham, sausage) breakfast with a glass of orange juice and it was more than sufficient before I had to hop on a plane to Chicago.  Staff was very nice and I was satisfied.
2	I ate here before boarding (well trying to board) a flight back to the US. There weren't a ton of options in the terminal, so we landed here. The service was completely non existant. We had to flag the mannish waitress down to be seated, and then had the bartender take our orders. Not a big menu, but had smoked meat sandwiches, soups, regular sandwiches, a bunch of appetizers and a couple salads. After much back and forth, we chose the chicken quesadilla and the roasted turkey club sandwich.My sandwich came with sad looking bacon, two pieces of deli turkey, pickles, coleslaw and some soggy oven baked fries on the side . I was starving so I ate. There were two mayo packets also on the plate (a little plastic bowl would have been much nicer). The sandwich was just okay; nothing to write home about but not inedible. The quesadilla looked delicious though. All told, bill was under $30 for 2 with drink and tip. I'd probably choose one of the quick serve places in the future is in Montreal's airport.
2	Beer was fine. Food bordered on bad, plain at best. Awesome picture on menu of quesadilla, reality was as far away as possible. Smoked meat sandwich and roast beef sandwich were not memorable. Lived down to expectation of airport food from 30 years ago.
1	Food was ok Waiter forgot my water but the biggest sin was the shut off the baseball game I asked them to put on in the Bottom of the 9th...some sports bar
3	A kind gentleman was my server.    The food was extremely mediocre.   The facilities were clean.   The view out the window was plane-y.  Lots of televisions with sports shows on.  Not a bad place for a captive audience, so I was forgiving of my sad,dry quesadilla.
