5	I LOVE Chic Nails!I used to go to Tip & Toes on 48th street and Ray Road, until one day they were "too busy" to take my friend and I in for pedicured. We discovered Chic Nails and have been doing all of our manicures and pedicures there since. The staff is extremely friendly and they give the best pedicures for a very reasonable price. I highly recommend this nail salon over any other!P.S. It is extremely close to CK's Bar & Grill to go for happy hour after! :)
1	I have received two pedicures and a manicure from this location.  I usually prefer a more spa like experience but the cost is low and I was attempting to save a few dollars.  Cutting cost may not be a good thing to do when it comes to body care.  I won't be returning because I am concerned about health violations.Pros:Quick serviceCheaper than the spa, salonCons:Improper cleaning of foot baths.  I thought they were good until I saw them seat a women at a used station.  They only took the sprayer and rinsed the dirty bowl.  (I did let her know)The foot massage was more like a foot beating.  About an hour later my ankles felt like I had rolled them.  It took almost two weeks for them to feel normal again.The sent in the shop is of fake nails.  If everyone has on a mask, I would like one to.
4	I like this place. It's local to me, small and intimate, friendly technicians, and big comfy chairs.This place is very reasonable.  I get pedicures, the basic ones and when I'm asked if I want the salt or sugar scrub, additional charge, I'm not forced into it like other places.  I have tried the sugar/salt scrub and do like but don't always need.
5	I have been going to Chic Nails for two years and I have always had amazing service.  Natalie is the best!  I have tried many nail salons in the valley and this one is quality at a low price.
2	I have come here 3 times within the past 2 months. First for e pedicure, which was just okay. The second time was about a month later for a gel manicure. The women aren't overly friendly by any means, and If your young and cute they really aren't friendly. I also really hate when they talk to each other like you aren't even there in another language!!  So... my gel manicure only lasted 3 days and when I returned they only wanted to fix the chipped nails. However, I insisted they redo all of them since it was only a matter or time (hours) before they chipped also. Bottom line: I do not care for their personalities or their work. Will NOT BE RETURNING. My advice, look elsewhere.
1	Very frustrated, they applied gel polish that usually lasts for 2-3 weeks, but it started peeling the same night, It was all over my cuticles and it looked like my 5 year old sister did it. And they charged me extra just for doing different colors, it wasn't even an extra design. It's way over priced for the quality, go somewhere else!!!
5	Absolutely love this salon!! I have been there two times since I moved back here and both times I was extremely satisfied with my visit! The ladies are very nice! They don't pressure you for anything you don't want, which is nice! The pedicures are amazing! I felt like the massage was extra long both times for no additional cost! That's my favorite part of a pedicure :) .. This is definitely where I'll be going for nails from now on!! It was only $35 for an amazing pedicure (with sugar scrub!) and an eyebrow wax! Can't beat that.
