5	Alfredo's Jewelry is an awesome Ma & Pa place and they have great jewelry for great prices.  They can also make just about anything!  My friend got me connected with this family owned business.  Her jewelry looks amazing!Every time I have gone into Alfredo's they clean my jewelry :) nice bonus - no charge if you are a customer there (or even before I even became a customer).  Great customer service and the staff there does not get commission, so you know you get honest folks who seem like they like their job :) I have gotten a Jewelry appraisals - very throughout and great price.  If you don't have a family jeweler, this is the place to go!  You won't be disappointed!
1	WORST JEWELER IN TOWN.... I purchased a ring from my Jewler in California and brought it in to get resized... Something as simple as that and thought I could trust them to do it... They seem like a trustworthy Jewler... So I thought. When I went back to pick up my ring the Jewler in the process had scratched the glass on the ring they said that they would fix it..  When I came back almost a month and a half later my beautiful ring was ruined. I got it back with the jewlers finger print on the inside of the glass and epoxy visible on the glass... When I complained and told them they need to fix or replace my ring the response I got was "you would have damaged it anyway"... I was pissed and grabbed my ring and left... Worst experience and customer service... I will never go to them again nor will I refer anyone I know to go there... Arisa Thepprasit
4	I have been a long time customer and so has my mother. Every time we need anything fixed we go here. They even custom made my chain necklace for me which I wear every day. I do recommend this place.
4	Came here, earlier to get my watch fitted since the store where I bought it from didn't have the watch tech there yet. (I know, right) lol but it's a Zumiez store at a busy mall on the strip so I understand but anyways I told my bf to find me a place & he found this place on his phone. I'm happy we came here because not only was the service quick & fast but the place was nice, clean & tidy when we arrived! They fitting just cost me exactly $5!! :D I will definitely come here for sure next time! Ps: they have to buzz you inside for security reasons (of course)!
5	I have worked for Terri and Alfredo for approximately 15 years. Before I worked at Alfredo's my mom was a customer and everyone always took great care of her. I know them to treat their customers like family. From day one, I was never treated like an employee always like a family member. I love helping our customers. I have seen Alfredo make hundreds of custom designed pieces from drawings. He is an amazing jeweler. We educate our customers to help them make the best choice.
