3	Not too bad but right next to light rail line.  Easy in and out.
4	We stayed here in early January when our flight schedule got screwed up and we had to spend a night in Charlotte. Right from the start shuttle driver did a great job of diffusing the bad attitude of all us stranded travellers, cracking jokes, telling us which restaurants were good and which to avoid, and pointing out landmarks in the dark. When we arrived most of us were starving and although the kitchen was not staffed to handle a sudden influx of late night diners (one cook). The bartender and the shuttle driver jumped in to make sure everyone had drinks and snacks, and did double duty as servers and room service, all the while keeping an upbeat attitude. And the bed was hella comfortable, almost slept through the alarm and missed our flight, but the front desk called to make sure we'd make our shuttle back to the airport.
4	I got stranded over night at Charlotte-Douglas, and jumped at a hotel voucher I was offered by the airline. The first choice I heard was for Sheraton and went with it with no previous experience. I was very pleased to arrive at a clean, comfortable hotel, and thrilled to sink into a memory foam mattresszzzzzzzzzzz.................
4	My wife and I were heading to Charlotte for the Carolina Rebellion and as SPG members we called ahead and booked a room here. When we got to our room we were surprised. We got a suite so we had a living room and dinning area that were separate from the bedroom and bathroom. The bed is a king size and very comfy. This is easily one of the nicest Sheraton owned hotels I have stayed at.The kitchenette has a one cup coffee pot, microwave, small fridge, cabinets and a two seat table. The living room area has a desk, sofa with side tables, coffee table, chair & TV.The bathroom is very small as with just a toilet and the shower. The shower does have the curved shower rod so the curtain isn't right on top of you when you shower. The sink is outside of the bathroom and the counter top is fairly spacious. I have few complaints with this place but the ones I do have are as follows:The coffee tasted like cardboard. When I opened the pack it smelled great and as it was brewing it smelled nice but the taste was just cardboard. I am not sure if it is the coffee itself or just the cups it brews into but either way, not good. At least they have real half and half and not the powdered crap.The soap. They did not give us new soaps when they cleaned the room, we had to go to the desk for some.We called for a late checkout and again the following morning room room service was knocking on my door because the dude that was working the night before did not put us in for it. WTF? What is so hard about that? All in all, if that is all I have to bitch about, not bad! If I come to Charlotte again I would have no problems staying here again. On a more positive note, some of the employees like Alex are very friendly & have no problems recommending some things to do in the area.
5	Very nice Four Points, with a complementary airport shuttle.I usually stay at the Sheraton across town, however, this hotel is located within walking distance to many local restaurants and the LYNX Light Rail Public Transportation Train system, a quick trip to Downtown Charlotte.Everyone we encountered here was fantastic, kind and beaming with true southern hospitality.Thank You Four Points !
2	The room service is a bad set up. The food is prepared off-site. I ordered cheese garlic bread and two glasses of wine, they said 30 min. It took over 40 min and the garlic bread was a large hot dog bun with cheese in the middle. Because they don't actually cook the food here its not like you can get a better one without waiting another 30-40 min. I wanted to give my cc# over the phone when I made the order but they said they would bring the cc machine up with the food. The guy forgot, so he had to go get that, 20 min later he returned. My advice to Sheraton Four Points, don't offer room service, I could have easily put shoes on and gotten a roll from KFC next door and a bottle of wine for under $10 within 10 min and be relaxing now.
2	In town for a mix of work and play, I chose the Four Points by Sheraton because of great rates and a convenient location. We had a party of 3 who stayed for 2 nights. The staff was friendly enough and the rest of the amenities were average at best. However, I do not plan on returning and cannot recommend it.Our observations (best to worst):1. Location. Nearby, McKoy's has delicious food (assuming you're not on a diet). The ladies at Expert Nails right in front of the hotel are really sweet, do a great job and offer a steal of a deal - $35 spa mani/pedi. Everything else you need is really close by, plus quick access to 77.2. People watching. We witnessed a middle-aged man who appeared to have met just his, um, "lady friend" for the first time. The gas station on the corner nearby always seemed to have a police car or two. We witnessed a guy getting arrested, while another gentleman filmed the whole thing on his phone from a few yards away.3. Poor TV quality, no DVD player, no iPod or USB hookup. We ordered a movie one night and the quality was so terrible that it was difficult to watch. Parts of the movie were so dark that we literally could not make out what was going on.4. No access to stairs. I realized a new pet peeve: hotels that do not allow you to use the stairs. The stairs were for emergency access only. Please allow access and stop encouraging everyone to be lazy.5. A few odd smells. Upon entering our room, we detected a faint urine smell. We sniffed around the room and it went away. The beds smelled clean. The next day, the elevator reeked of gasoline.
3	Not a full service hotel.  Food service is strictly breakfast (not free, you pay at the front desk).  They have comp coffee in the lobby.  There is a tiny bar off the lobby.  Rooms are nice, beds are great!Some restaurants that are walkable, and if they have the time, the van will take you to nearby locations.  The light rail system runs right past the hotel and NO you cannot hear it.  Don't worry.
4	The shuttle starts at 5:30 NOT 5am like their website says! Now we have a get a cab and pay $20! Grrrrrrrr!!!!!!The rest of the hotel is clean and comfortable. I'd stay here again if the shuttle time wasn't a factor
2	The hotel itself was ok but the integrity of the staff is questionable at best. We stayed one night. Checked in on July 11. Checked out the morning of the 12th. I left my expensive Rayban sunglasses on the desk in the room. We called 2 hours after we left the hotel and was told to call back after 5pm as that was when the lost and found gets turned in. Called back at 6 and was told there was nothing but to try again, they would keep and eye out for them. Called the next day and again they were not turned in. This person who answered the phone had no idea we were looking for them. We were told they would look again. Called 2 days later and a third person answered and had no idea we were looking for them. He took our number in case they showed up. Again, nothing. So, whoever cleaned room 523 on the morning of July 12th, I hope you enjoy my sunglasses.
3	Nice hotel, not much to look at from the outside and kind of tucked behind other businesses, yet the suites are big, clean, and bright. It's close to the airport and there are a ton of dining options several you can walk to... Good for business travel...
