4	We came here for dinner with my parents since they live less than 10 minutes away. If it weren't for my sister recommending this restaurant, there's no way I would have ever known about it. It wasn't on Yelp yet! ^_^Decor is nice - I loved the red drapes and dark lighting. There's a large bar in the center of the restaurant  with gaming machines - apparently open 24 hours a day. We ate a late lunch, so we weren't expecting to eat a large dinner. Although, that did not stop us from starting with some chicken and beef satay appetizers! They came with a trio of dipping sauces. I liked the peanut sauce the best. Art's French Onion soup looked a bit strange, like the cheese had not melted all the way through. That quickly made it's return back to the kitchen. My mom had the portabello sandwich with eggplant, which looked tasty. My dad and I both ordered the halibut. It was divine. It also comes with chorizo sausage, which I had them take out of my dish. The halibut was served over potato slices. But, what made the dish was the broth that it came with. A light white wine broth with lemon and herbs. I do love lemon, and the consistency and taste of the broth was splendid.Expect about $40/head.
5	Andre Agassi's famous lounge bar in Las Vegas by Flamingo Blvd.  Cozy place, good crowd, good music, they sometimes have Jazz  singers performing. A good place to drink, talk and socialize.
4	I like this place quite a bit.  Nice atmosphere albeit a bit dark.  And the food is pretty decent for the price. I would say they have one of the BEST filet mignon's under $20 ($19 to be exact) that you can get anywhere 24 hours a day.  Most of the appetizers are pretty good too.
4	We were staying at the Gold Coast so it we drove out Flamingo to the 215 beltway where we had Open Table reservations at this very contemporary restaurant.  Much of the bar area was taken up by a good sized wedding party and the noise level on this Sunday evening was very high.   I chose the fresh Alaskan halibut with chorizo, new potato, zucchini and clams finished in a saffron beurre blanc.  My counterpart ordered the pepper crusted Ahi tuna, served with Provencal vegetable relish, roasted eggplant whipped potatoes and lemon oil. Both entrees were delicious, but my wife's won this evening's award for being the best.
5	I started coming to this place as a go-to spot for grabbing a drink and lounging around, but I've come to discover their food service is top notch as well.  In my opinion, their filet mignon is one of the best in town.  And the restaurant and bar both run amazing promotions as well.  My favorite is on Saturdays, from 4pm til they run out, you get a free full lobster with every steak entree.  I always get the filet for $34, but they have a strip for $28, I believe.  Filet is worth every penny on it's own, but with the free lobster, it's a steal.  They also give free pitchers of sangria on Thursday, half price wine on Tuesdays, and a couple other promotions I haven't been around for.  And the best promotion... when you're betting $1.25/hand on video poker at the bar, they have a special menu for free food while you're playing.  Delicious full sandwiches or calamari?  Amazing!  The only bad thing I can say about this place is that their service at the bar can be atrocious, even when they're not packed.  When the bar is super packed (on Wednesdays and Saturdays, from what I've seen), good luck elbowing your way in and getting the bartender's attention!
3	Went here last night to meet some friends for the Rock N' Roll Wine event they were having......  The three stars are for the decor and ambiance ONLY......  The staff.....?  well...... it appeared they were either all in sync with their "time" of the month and clearly NOT too happy about it, or, they were simply unhappy about the corncob that somehow lodged itself into their a@#*....either way, did not make for very friendly treatment..... that being said, we ordered a few appetizers which clearly we should have left in the kitchen..... ordered the fondue..... great little pot of cheese but it was too bad they didn't have time to run down to Smith's and buy more things to actually dip into the cheese..... obviously they ran out of stuff and decided to throw a bunch of the garnish from the bar onto the plate..... guess they figured, "hey, you're dipping it in cheese anyway....."..... all together, there were about 5 grapes, 3 slices of apple, 2 or 3 florrets of cauliflower and broccoli and 4 cubes of cornbread.....  kind of bargain for $20 wouldn't you say.....  we also ordered satay and received 2 small pieces of chicken and 2 pieces of beef...... and, as a final slap in the face..... it wasn't at all appetizing..... at least nothing to write home about.....  the best part of the entire evening was the open bar for ladies from 9 - 10.....    they had a DJ who played 30 second snippets of every song.... just when you were getting in to one, it stopped and another came on..... got a bit discumbobulating......  Again, it gets three stars for the ceiling treatment, the lighting over the bar and the extremely cool tile mosaic chairs at the front door......
4	I had the thai beef salad. I was expecting iceberg lttuce with a sour dressing. Instead, I was served a large square plate heaped with noodles with a sweet coconut flavor. Underneath was the lettuce with the sour dressing. It was topped with carrots and a few other vegetables, all very fresh and crispy. Surrounding the salad were 6 perfectly cooked medallions of steak. They were delicious!The service was fine, and the restaurant is beautiful.
3	Came here for a quick drink and some video poker. *Staff was aloof. I was served honestly the worst mojitio I've had in my life. I wanted to ask for something else, but they dropped off the nasty drink and disappeared. And this is coming from someone sitting at the bar ! *Atmosphere was cool, menu looked nice. Definitely going to have to give this place another shot . Key is avoid the mojitos.
4	I have got to say this place is probably higher end dining at a great and reasonable price. This is what Las Vegas should be about. The decor is beautiful, it gives off a dark elegant red modern feel. The food is super cheap, they have deals like 3 courses for $24 or steak and lobster for $19 all day, every day. They have a great assortment of contemporary American food from pasta bolenese, lasagna, steaks, gyros, fried, salads, tomato soup and cheese sandwich, all good classic American favorites. We had a party of 9 and the bill was less than $300! The ONLY drawback was the food was SUPER SUPER slow. My friends were there before and they complained about the same thing. There is absolutely no one dining really (maybe one or two other patrons) but it still takes like over 30 min to get your food!
4	Driving down Flamingo near the 215 it is very hard to miss the large signs advertising the food specials at Sedona.  I was drawn in by the Steak and Lobster for $19 and the 3 courses for $24.  Honestly, I found the Lobster deal hard to believe so I called ahead to find out about any restrictions and surprisingly this deal is available ALL DAY EVERYDAY.  For a place that is open 11am to 4am that is a wide window for such a great deal.  The only thing is with these special prices you can't use coupons or any restaurant.com gift certificates.I really like the decor of this place - but some people might find it too dark and too RED.  But I thought it was very elegant and trendy.  The food was AMAZING.  I want to give this place 5 stars, but the long wait and slow service was not 5 star quality.  It was probably because it was a busy time, but it did seem like the restaurant was understaffed.  Most of my group had the steak and lobster deal - it includes a 7 oz. lobster tail and 8 oz. sirloin steak.  You can upgrade the meat for a price, but we didn't.  The steak and lobster were cooked perfectly - everything including the spinach was very flavorful.  We will definitely be back to enjoy that special but we will try to go at a less busy time.I tried the $24 3 course special which had a lot of options.  I had a small shrimp cocktail to start and the shrimp were HUGE and awesome.  The tuna steak was pretty good and came with some tasty tomatoes served on top.  Dessert was also pretty darn good.Like I said, we will be back.  The food is absolutely spectacular for the price. I am crossing my fingers that the next time I go to Sedona the service will improve and I will be able to post a 5 star review.
3	THANK YOU FOR YOUR REASONABLE PRICES ! $126 for dinner for four with 2 rounds of drinks (each) is almost unheard of.  They also have great happy hour, late night specials, outdoor seating with fire pits, and flat screens where you can catch the game from the bar or the restaurant.  This place has a great relaxed, unpretentious, cozy atmosphere.  Our friend had a raspberry mojito which she really enjoyed. You can order the tomato soup in a cup or bowl vs with the grilled cheese on the side if you want a lighter starter.  I had the Thai Beef Salad with 8 HUGE slivers of beef which was perfectly cooked "medium" (this was huge enough for 2).  They offer Reuben sliders on pretzel bread and gyro sandwiches, both served with excellent fries which I kept reaching over for.  I was too full for dessert, but I will be back for the chocolate fondue.  Service was good.  We ended up here because Cafe Deia was closed on a Saturday night, WTF ?  Sooo glad our local friends knew to come here.
4	Worth one more try.A phenomenal place to either hang out after work or bring your friends for a nice quiet dinner. The service is superb, the ambiance chic, open and friendly, and the prices for a nice meal cannot be beat. Their three course for twenty-four dollar menu is just the thing if you want to bring friends or family. If you want to splurge, you can do that as well with their higher end meals and very nice wine selection. The outdoor enclosed area with fire pit is just the thing if you just want to stop by for happy hour or for a relaxing drink in the evening.I do have to say that we went here for the first time a few years ago and it was very overpriced, the service was terrible, and it just seemed that no one really wanted you there. This has all changed and I have to say that it is without a doubt the nicest place to enjoy either a drink or some great food on the southwest side.If you've never been I suggest trying it at least once, and if you've been before, then give it one more chance. I doubt you'll be disappointed.
4	Initial vibe of this place was that of a upscale LA lounge...a few high tables, long bar, bold color schemes and a great outdoor patio.  We arrived for Happy Hour, and was pleasantly surprised with the $3 beers, $4 Liquor and $5 Wine Options.  $8 for a flatbread was a huge deal, but I decided to order the twin lobster tails and fried calimari appetizer.APPETIZER:Fried Calimari was very nice, offered a few good sauces to go with it, some of them better than others, but overall very tasty.ENTREE:The Lobster was cooked perfectly....and for a $38 price tag, it was well worth it (we had a $25 off certificate via restaurant.com).  The tails were medium in size, but they made up for it in taste.  Very satisfying.I can see myself going back to this restaurant not only for a great meal, but for a really good lounge.  The vibe is very nice, and it definitely didnt feel like a Vegas Restaurant/Bar
4	Our initial intention when dining at Sedona Lounge was to use our restaurant.com coupon, but since we came in around happy hour, I couldn't resist taking advantage of their appetizer menu!Huge space centered around the bar with video poker, high tables, and regular tables around.  It's a bit dark, which is great if you like that ambiance, not so good if you want to see your food in detail.Their "Prime Cocktail Hours" runs everyday from 5 pm to 7pm, and 11 pm to 2 am.All beers $3Select Glasses of Wine $3All Premium Pour Well Cocktails $4All Appetizers and Flatbreads $8Cheese Fondue $12We definitely overdid it when we ordered:* Seasonal Raw Oysters "Cocktail Sauce & Shallot Mignotte" ($15) - Half a dozen large oysters and a cucumber salad started off our meal.  * Lump Crab Cakes "Asian Slaw, Spicy Remoulade Sauce" ($14) - Two crab cakes came in this order and they were tasty with a nice fill of crab inside, not just filler.* Stuffed Portobella "Zucchini, Eggplant, Roasted Pepper, Mozzarella, Basil Oil, Balsamic Reduction" ($10) - A lot of wonderful things in this vegetarian dish and oh-so yum!* Pork Potstickers "Scallions, Water Chestnuts, Ginger, Lemongrass, Sweet & Sour Sauce" ($12) - An order of deep-fried potstickers sitting on a bed of too much sauce.  Perhaps if they left the sauce on the side it would be a bit better.  Also, I'm more familiar with potstickers that are pan-fried more so than deep-fried.* Orange Satays "Chicken and Beef Skewers, Cucumber Salad, Three Dipping Sauces" ($13) - Four skewers each of chicken and beef, and it was the worst thing we order this evening.  Both meats were dry and hard to pull off the stick.  I wouldn't order this again.* Ahi Tuna Chips "Blackened Rare Tuna, Crispy Wontons, Asian Slaw, Citrus Soy, Wasabi Oil" ($14) - Four seared tuna slices sitting on a wonton with slaw and sauce all over it.  Maybe a little too generous with the sauce.* Beef Carpaccio "Tenderloin of Beef, Crimini Mushroom, Arugula Salad, White Truffle Vinaigrette, Shaved Parmesan Cheese" ($15) - Beautifully presented, it lacked enough vinaigrette, which ultimately meant it lacked some kick.  A few twists of cracked pepper would also help this dish.  * Beef Sliders "Three Certified Angus Beef Sliders, Cheddar Cheese, Mini Kaiser Rolls, Grilled Onions, Russian Dressing" ($11) - Tasty little handfuls with a dill pickle on each. * White Truffle Flatbread "Mozzarella, Parmesan, Proscuitto, Truffle Oil, Micro Arugula" ($15) - The fabulous smell of truffle oil is the first thing you'll notice, and then you'll enjoy the melted cheese and ham.For our party of three, we definitely ordered way too much.  We couldn't eat it fast enough since there wasn't enough room on the table for all our dishes.  I think we ended up woofing most of it down just to make room, which meant we couldn't enjoy it as much as we would have liked.  Maybe if they spaced it out better?Our waiter was friendly, although I did have to look for him a few times for refills, boxes, etc.In total, most of the food was good and would probably have me interested in dining there again.  They have $24 prix-fixe dinners available everyday, so that's a nice option too.
2	A while ago, we're talking months here, myself and two other friends came here to check out their happy hour.  We barely missed it I think, because only one of us got a beer.  We told the bartender that we wanted to sit outside, and they told us that would send a server to us out there.  So we went outside and sat...and sat...and then got tired of sitting.  So we went to Buffalo Wild Wings instead.  So I visited once and was forgotten by the wait staff; just one bad experience, right?  So I came back here with a friend last night.  The two of us ordered the Ahi Tuna Chips and the White Truffle Flatbread.  The ahi is delicious!  The flatbread was good, but nothing extraordinary.  My rating is heavily weighted by the (lack of) service that I received last night.  I was really dissatisfied with the service, so to prevent me from ranting I'll simply make a list of things that I was not pleased with:-I ordered two waters for my friend and I.  Three times.  The first time I asked for water I also ordered our food, so I thought that the waiter put in our order and forgot the water; no big deal.  The second time I asked for water was when the waiter brought us wine and a "cocktail" (more on that later).  The third time was when our food was brought to us, I asked about the water again and the waiter said that it should be coming right up...yeah.  So the water comes out and is served in a wine glass with ice and two little cocktail straws.  Yet every other table had a regular glass with ice water.-My friend ordered a glass of wine and I ordered a Rob Roy.  Waiter brought out the drinks and he set down what looked like a glass of coke in front of me.  A Rob Roy has scotch, sweet/dry vermouth and maybe bitters; no coke whatsoever.  But they were nice enough to not charge me for the "Rob Roy."  So thoughtful of them!-The intervals that the waiter checked on us was random at best.  It was about 15 minutes before the waiter first came to our table, which gave us enough time to pick our drinks and food.  After we finished eating it was a good 20 minutes before we were checked on again.  We asked to see a dessert menu; another 5 minutes before the waiter came back and we told him we would pass on dessert.  Another 10 minutes before we got the check.  So yeah, those three points turned into mini-rants.  Oops.  If the food is good, it'll take a lot for me to become unhappy with an establishment.  But the service last night seriously ruined the dinner experience for me.  Would I come back here?  Most likely not.  But did I enjoy those ahi tuna chips?  Oh heck yes.  Two stars for food.
2	We started with Four Cheese Flat bread ($12). The cheesy mix of fontina, provolone, mozzarella, and parmesan was a great gooey blend, but the sauce and crust were weak links. The sauce lacked any zip and I prefer a chewier crust. This one was a bit dry and crisp. We shared two entrees: first was Baja Fish Tacos ($16). The mahi mahi pieces were dry, I wasn't a fan. Second was a Beef Gyro Wrap ($14). It was a bit bland and calling it a gyro was a stretch. I suppose I'm too used to savory mix of spices, beef and lamb in a traditional gyro. The fries looked crunchy, but they were mushy. I like crisp fries. The side salad with mixed greens and feta was great, though. We left Sedona unimpressed.
1	Boooo!  Used to love this place but then they got rid of the tomato soup. Tomato soup!  New menu is weak sauce. Dislike!
4	Considering the weather in Vegas, its astounding to me how few places here have quality patios.  I mean when i lived in Chicago there were more spots and you could enjoy them maybe 4 months of the year.  Even though it gets hot here in the summer, in the evenings the weather is magnificent and ripe for al fresco dinner and drinks.  That being said, I'm happy to report Sedona gets this concept.  They built the place with a wonderful, secluded patio that has a fire pit a, plants, the whole shebang.  Alright, alright, I know what you're thinking...you cant just write a review based on a patio.  You're right so I'll give you my overall impression, but the patio is so great it steals the show...much like Robert Downey jr. in Tropic Thunder.  First of all, the place is open from lunch till 4am so you can pretty much hit it up anytime save for the early hours.  The menu is a very sophisticated mix of meats, fishes and sandwiches.  I suppose you could classify it as a Gastro-pub.  I mean they do offer surf and turf which is a refreshing change from most late night eateries here in the valley where Nachos, Chicken Tenders and a Club sandwich remain your only options at that hour.  I recently visited for dinner and sat on the aforementioned patio.  I could have stayed there all night enjoying a glass of wine but my stomach had other ideas and demanded I order to which I happily obliged.  My friend I split their Ahi lettuce wraps and a flatbread pizza.  The Ahi was fantastic, full of flavor and perfect for a summer night.  The pizza was good, not amazing but again Im eating at 10pm at off the Vegas beltway, I cant expect James Beard cooking out here.  There was a decent wine menu with a number of options available by the glass and the beer options didnt look to shabby either.  Prices were a little high, but if you're looking for something different later in the evening, Sedona is great option.  I noticed also they had a good happy hour and some interesting and relatively cheap lunch options so I may explore that on a future visit.  Inside, Sedona is very dark and with the standard bar in the middle with gaming machines and the like.  Im sure its fine if the weather is inclement outside, but inside should only be a last resort.  Service was decent, and probably could have been a little crisper but we were enjoying ourselves that I didnt really notice it too much.  So yeah, 4 stars....probably the place is legitimately only 3.5 stars but I mean having a top notch patio has got to be worth something, right?
3	I just moved back to Las Vegas and have been to Sedona 2 times in the past week. The food is and has always been pretty consistent...the atmosphere is nice but yesterday all the wait staff were to busy talking to notice that my friends Salmon wasn't cooked enough.  We got no check back and after about 10 minutes I finally got up and brought the plate to the bar...15 minutes later, my friend got a new one cooked perfectly...no free 'Im sorry' drink, no desserts, no visit from Management... the food gets a 4 star for the money...but the service just 2...with a 3 average.
4	Give Sedona a try, it deserves to have its share of business. They offer discounts six-ways-from-Sunday if you search restaurants.com or offer them your email address. I'm fussy about food and so are my friends; we've had only one bad entree in the years i've been going there. My BF and I have even eaten thanksgiving dinner here TWICE, which was crazy good! I wouldn't call Sedona elegant, but it has a funky 70s decor, decent service and attractive, scantily clad women. Something for everyone...
4	Met some friends and colleagues for drinks and appetizers here last night.  It has been a couple of years since I was here....before the renovation.  I was anxious to see what it looked like.  The Better Half was here recently and said it was nice.  Happy Hour is from 4-7 pm and has $3 Beer, $5 on select glasses of Wine, and $8 Appetizers....normal Appetizers are anywhere from $11-$16, so $8 is a good deal.Since there were going to be around 10-12 of us, with some coming and going throughout the evening, we grabbed a table at the bar near the entrance.  The renovation was a success.  I like the new interior much better....it has a nicer feel to it.  The old design felt very stuffy and segregated the room into many sections.  They expanded the bar and made it larger.One thing that hasn't changed though is that this place is not your typical bar in Las Vegas....it's targeting the higher end demographic.  What does that mean?  When I asked the server if they had any IPA's, she said "No, and we don't have any Beer on tap".....I said "What?!  Seriously?!"....she said "We're not THAT kind of bar".....ha ha!  I forgot how pretentious this place was....no big deal, I should have remembered.  So consider yourself warned.....That ended up becoming the joke of the night.  I told the rest of our group about the exchange with the server so we told everyone who arrived to ask the server "Where's the Beer Pong table?" or "Do you have a Golden Tee here?"....ha ha!  The server thought it was funny.Back to the experience....we ordered several appetizers.....Oysters, Sliders, Chicken Satay, and Calamari.  Since I don't eat Seafood, I only tried the Sliders and Chicken Satay.  The Sliders were Angus Beef with Grilled Onions & Cheese....very tasty.  The bun was moist & chewy, went well with the Beef.  The Chicken Satay had a nice tangy flavor to it....very delicious.  The rest of the group who tried the Seafood said it was good.We hung out at Sedona for 4 hours or so....we all had a blast.Will I return?  You bet!
3	Food is decent, maybe a little pricey for the quality. No real topshelf at the bar.
5	My wife and I would have never thought to visit this place were it not for an accidentally purchased restaurant.com coupon. I had thought Sedona was a Mexican restaurant, but was surprised to discover it was one of what I generally refer to as "One of those 24 hour gaming establishments that sells food".After eating there my opinions of these places, at least my policy of tarring them all with the same brush, has changed forever.Note that this isn't a review of the nightlife, the bar, the drinks. I don't drink so this is purely a review of Sedona as a restaurant.We went for our meal in between happy hours so at around 10:30PM it wasn't very busy. We've often cruised around our part of town at this time of night lamenting the lack of dining options after 9PM, so we were really excited to discover Sedona offers a full menu until 5AM.The interior of the place is surprisingly large, modern and attractive. I really liked the wheeled, padded armchairs you get to sit in at your tables and the rather more mellow music than the stuff that seems to want to blast your eardrums out at most eateries these days. So, comfortable seats, attractive restaurant, not smoky at all. So far I was impressed. Now what about the food?The menu is reasonably extensive and I was excited by the presence of satay sticks among the appetizers. Satay (both on sticks and off) is very popular in Australia and an be hard to find in the US, so I was delighted to find it. When it arrived I was pleased to discover a mix of 6 or 8 sticks, half of which were chicken, half were beef. It's not exactly authentic satay and tends more toward the Thai style than Malay or Indonesian which I prefer - sort of an Americanized Thai version, but it was still extremely tasty. The sticks came with three dipping sauces. Thai Peanut (Satay), Soy (which was just soy sauce - I didn't bother with this), and a sweet, tangy sauce of some description which I enjoyed. The plate was garnished with some chopped cucumber which was so freshly prepared my wife could smell it from across the table.For my main dish I probably was a bit weak in ordering a Sedona burger. I wish I had been more adventurous now based on the quality of my appetizer, but I was trying to get as good a value as I could out of our $25 coupon by not going overboard with the expensive dishes. The burger was fine, it was what it was. A good quality burger, but generic. I really liked the crusty, floury bun it came on.  The thing that actually has me glad I ordered a burger was that I might otherwise have been denied the chance to try the FRIES it came with. Hands down the best fries I have tried since coming to the USA and the closest in taste to Australian "chips". Usually 80% of my fries from a meal remain on the plate, but these were absolutely delicious and I couldn't stop eating them. I discovered they were particularly excellent dipped into the remains of the cheese fondue my wife ordered for appetizer (you'll read about that when she gets around to writing her own review).Overall we loved our experience here, are excited about a late night option close to our home and look forward to sampling more adventurous options from the menu. The service was decent, the atmosphere was pleasant and who knows - as it cools down maybe we will try the fantastic looking patio area outside.
4	I came to Sedona Lounge based on some local knowledge, and it turned out to be a great meal!  It's slightly off-Strip and located in Summerlin, but a quick drive on the 215 will get you there in no time.  It's slightly dim on the inside, but it feels much nicer and more upscale than the menu prices would indicate.  Supposedly Andre Agassi eats here from time to time.Mrs. C continued her string of unbelievable ordering.  She got the cheapest dish, but it was also the best.  How does she do it??  The 3-course menu for about $30 consisted of:- chicken consomme, brought out in a fancy teapot and then poured into a small bowl of mushrooms tableside-seared scallops with a bacon and mushroom cream sauce-creme bruleeThere are other 3-course menu choices, but that's how she rolls in Vegas.I got the NY Strip, and college classmate's mom, (who now lives in Vegas and whose suggestion it was to try Sedona Lounge) got the fillet mignon.  Here's the scoop, tho - on Sunday evenings, the steak menu is 50% off!  We got a great deal on a dinner that night!  I would have liked it if i could have ordered a baked potato with my steak instead of the small roasted ones, but that's a minor complaint when you consider the quality of the food being served.  A great deal, but made even better on Sundays!
3	We came here on a random midweek night with some friends and I have mixed feelings about the place. The service was OK but not fab. The food was OK, but not fab, and the prices were kind of high for what you get. We ordered a bunch of appetizers and bottles of wine. First of the calamari. No rings, not tentacles, just these "steaks" that didn't really taste like calamari at all. Maybe that's just my personal preference, but I really like the rings and tentacles better. These felt like they came from a frozen bag. White Truffle and BBQ Chicken Flat-breads. Eh, not amazing, but just average. Beef Sliders were also ordered but they didn't make it down to my end of the table. Overall, I think I would like to come back and try some menu items. Our group certainly had a good time. PS. one review said they don't have beer, but they do on the DL, few bottled options, no draft.
4	very yummy and they often have unbelievable food specials. service is always good, and the ambiance is nice. they have a very nice outdoor patio area with a firepit which is nice during the summer, etc.
4	This review is based on the drinks/atmosphere only.  The hostess was really nice and helpful when I walked in.  I met my party at the bar for drinks around 9pm so I'm pretty sure I was outside of happy hour. They have a pretty good selection of wines by the glass. I got a glass of Tobin James Notorious Cabernet, which was pretty good.  $10 a glass, for a bottle that retails for $20, is alittle steep but that's the way wine service seems to be everywhere.  Huge markups.  My friend had a rock candy martini, which she claims was not super sweet, but really strong.  I figured it would not go well with red wine so I didn't try it.  The food looked really good and smelled good.  Nice presentation but I didn't try it since I wasn't hungry.  I did get a pretty decent size bottle of Pellegrino for $3.  Usually bars in this town charge a lot more.I think the thing that impressed me most is that the staff, from the servers to the bartenders to the hostess, are all really nice and helpful.  I also like the design and the atmosphere.  Lots of places to sit and talk.The last time I was here was 2004 when I first moved here and my husband and I were starving from moving boxes all day.  It was nice back then, but definitely a different restaurant.  I'll have to come back and re-review.  So far, it's looking up.
2	WORST DINING EXPERIENCE IN TOWNI stopped in for dinner last night, and will definitely not be coming back.The outside of Sedona looks very cool, almost like the Flintstones hired an innovative designer to make a South Western feel.  The interior is well put together, with soft lighting, a little music, and many tones of merlot.  When the weather permits, they have a beautiful outdoor patio with a fire pit, it looked awesome.I would have given this place 1 star, but one HORRIBLE night of service doesn't mean it will happen to you.MY BAD EXPERIENCE: We were seated by the hostess and told our waiter would be John (I think).  About 10 minutes went by before our waiter even stopped by our table.  He asked if we wanted lemon with our waters, we said no, but he brought it anyways.  Not a big deal, but not good service.  We ordered our whole meal at this time.  Our order:  A glass of echelon Chardonnay, half dozen chef selected oysters to start, bowl of Roast Butternut Squash souptuna melt.  The Problems:Wine came before waterOysters served with trio of useless sauces (bland cocktail, soy, shallot mignonette.Waiter didn't check back on us at all, didn't offer another glass of wine, and didn't keep us informed why our food wasn't ready.50 minutes went by without a sandwich and soup, and when I asked he gave me a garbage excuse: "Its in the window, ready in a second."We kept waiting, our food never came.No manager spoke to us, the waiter made no efforts to rectify the night, and the place wasn't even crowded.Not a chance I come back, and you should AVOID AVOID AVOID.  The waiter (John I think) was nice enough, but a horrible waiter.  Whoever is in charge here needs to pay more attention to the dining room, and teach their servers how to properly help a table.
4	Stopped by here with the yelp-izzles for some HH drinks before the CMYE Pizza Party. I had a couple Stellas.Thanks Elnino F and Tien N for the drinks!I love the ambiance in this place. The staff was very friendly too!
5	We went in after seeing a menu online for a 3 course meal for $28, however the online menu must have been for summer as the selection was more winter fare when we got there.  We were disappointed some of the items we were looking forward to weren't there but chose the Salmon and Petite filet along with our sides being a Caesar salad and BBQ ribs.Sadly, they were out of salmon so my boyfriend went off of the 3 course meal and ordered the lamb shank instead - but we still got our BBQ ribs for the appetizer as it came out before we could tell the waitress he went off the menu.The petite filet was as good (if not better) than some places on the strip I have had, and my boyfriend (who doesn't eat much lamb) was a huge fan of the meat-falling-off-the-bone tender lamb shank.  Since I stayed on the 3 course meal I got a Creme Brulee for dessert which was big enough for two.  I wish my petite filet (only 6oz) would have had more on the plate than just a smattering of mashed potatoes under the filet that was maybe 3oz - some carrots would have been nice, or anything - my plate just looked so bare with a tiny (albeit delicious)  steak and nothing else. The waitress was as nice as could be and gave us a special card to get points with each purchase and get special coupons sent to our email every so often.  So with that, we should be going back again!
5	Boyfriend and I decided to come out to sedona for our date night. As soon as we walked in, we immediately took notice if the decor. I loved how it looked very modern and how everything was set up. Boyfriend and I had the three course meal at 28 bucks each. Well worth it! We were stuffed by the time we reached dessert. I had a salad, the filet mignon (extremely tender, so delish!) ", & creme brulee. Bf had shrimp cocktail, spaghetti, and creme brulee. Food was great! Will definitely come back again
4	It's my first time eating dinner there and it exceeded my expectation.  Everything tasted great.  The calamari was very tender.  The ribs were very tender and flavorful.  The lamb was tasty.  My pasta was just the perfect portion.  The only thing I'm not crazy about was their pizza but I wouldn't go there for pizza anyway.  Nice ambiance and perfect for a date night.
5	This place has one of the coolest vibes in Vegas. I took my wife for our anniversary. The service was superb. I had the three course meal for $28 and hot green tea. The app I chose was the shrimp cocktail. It was two huge prawns with a housemade cocktail sauce and fresh lemon-probably the highest quality  in town. Then I had a pancetta and shrimp pasta that was nearly a perfect dish. But the best part was the dessert. The lemon pudding cake was incredible and my wife's chocolate cake was even better than mine!  Everything, even the green tea was simply great and I can't wait to find an excuse to go back.
5	I went to Sedona with my wife 2 nights ago & had a blast. The decor was dark reds, many tastefully done glass accents throughout with dark wood finishes, softly accented with dim lighting with a real candle on each table, perfectly cozy for a dinner for 2 or drinksdd with friends. There is only 1 tv at the bar area which is good sometimes & prompts people to enjoy their time with one another, my wife loved that!We had the 40oz steak & 2 sides for two, was enough for us to share & brought some home for the dog! (Bruiser Barkington, "the dog at home", thanks the kitchen for wrapping up the bone for him.. Lol).  We had whipped potatoes & wild mushrooms as the sides, both great & good sized portions.  Was moderately priced at $69 for the whole lot... YES I did say 40oz steak for 2, don't worry it comes sliced & cooked to order, bone over 1' long, did feel like John Candy in The Great Outdoors for a sec with "the old 69er"... Don't worry they don't make you eat the fat! (hardly was any, nicely butchered).   Our server Chris did a great job. We couldn't decide on a sauce for the steak so he brought us all three!  As a local restaurant owner here in Vegas, I'd like my customers to be treated with the same respect kudos, Chris...We will revisit again in the future when we don't want to get stuck on the strip with all the tourists! Good times...Ps - smoking area outside with gas fire pit & water feature is really neat also. Even if you don't smoke step out back & check it out after a few drinks, well done guys.
5	I've been to Sedona many times, but after sitting on their fabulous patio last night - IN FEBRUARY  - I am finally compelled to write a review.  If you don't agree that this is the most relaxing, cool patio in Las Vegas, someone needs to punch you right in the mouth! Seriously, the lighting is perfect.  Sexy without being too dark.  The heat lamps are just right.  And if you get too cold there's an awesome firepit.  Best of all the patio furniture is very comfortable.  If it gets too cold, then you move inside where the atmosphere is also very cool.  This is one of the few places that I feel like I'm no longer in Las Vegas.  To top it off, their 4-7 happy hour is fantastic.  $8 appetizers, $5 wine, $4 wells and $3 domestics.  The food is really good.  With the exception of the calamari (it's floppy not crispy), I've loved everything I've ever eaten here.  Gotta try the Ahi Tuna Lettuce Wraps.  And the oysters are very fresh!  If you are looking for a great romantic date spot, the tables by the firepit are key. This area is kind of closed off and private.  I walked in to a sexy date in progress and decided to sit in the other area of the patio because pimping ain't easy and I respect that!
4	Big fan of this locals lounge!  Been here about 4 times already and love going back.  It is definitely worth the drive to the Westside of the Vegas Valley.  Modern interior with a great outdoor patio with firepit.  This place is great for dinner but even better for drinks and appetizers.  Great place to either pre-game before heading out or finishing up after a night out and meeting up with other local friends.  I highly recommend the Angus Beef Sliders as an appetizer!  Great service, friendly staff, and will definitely go back!
4	Really great! Atmosphere is sophisticated yet inclusive, food is delectable anservice is above average. Def recommend it for an older more adult crowd to have a great dining experience.Transfrieldy B wait staff is cool and most patrons are older and more mature than most places, but if you're being a queen or a douche then people will treat you like youre acting
4	Haven't been here in almost a decade but have always wanted to come back. Though its about 10minutes off the strip, it was definitely worth the trip. Not too hard of a place to find, though it can seem a little hidden even though its right off the Flamingo. My girlfriend and I along with another couple came here for the happy hour menu after arriving late into town. There were a number of dishes but since all the appetizers were $8 a dish, we couldn't hold back. We ordered the crab cakes, beef carpaccio, cheese fondue, and steamed mussels. The crab cakes came in 3's and were rich and flavorful. Each one was slightly crispy on the outside and served with tartar that had just a hint of spiciness. The cheese fondue was excellent, with a small bowl of melted cheese sitting atop a candle, flanked by a bowl of fresh bread, grapes, and apple slices. It doesn't seem like the cheese will be melted enough at first, but it turned out being perfect as you get to roll whatever item you choose into the cheese as it strings away slightly from the small pot. The sourdough went the best with the fondue, though I also liked the apple bites. The carpaccio was served on a round platter with a bit of salad in the center. It got a little difficult to eat as we couldn't find where the top piece was in the dimly lit room, but it was still a great treat. The steamed mussels tasted fresh but was a bit on the spicy side so some of those in our group didn't have much of it. I think I ended up taking at least a third of the plate. We ended up getting a second plate of the crab cakes on the house as the server forgot to put the order in for the second plate. Overall, not quite as I had remembered the place. I still loved the atmosphere still and will definitely be going back.
4	Our first night in Vegas and we were starving! After getting checked into our rooms, we drove to Sedona off the strip for Happy Hour.Woo, all appetizers are $8! From 11pm-2 am :DThe 4 of us got (2) Crab Cakes, Cheese Fondue (normally $22), Beef Carpaccio, and Mussels.Crab Cakes were 3 to a plate, and had a delicious tartar sauce to it. The server actually forgot our 2nd plate, and instead of just bringing it out, she said the 2nd plate was on the house! Super awesome service.The Cheese Fondue had a tiny flame heating it but it worked well to keep it hot. We had fun poking the bread pieces and dipping them in the gooey cheese. Also liked the apple bites with the cheese. The grapes....not so much and we ended up eating those sans cheese.The Beef Carpaccio had a little bit of salad on top of the raw beef slices. It wasn't pretty getting the slices off the plate as all of them ripped into pieces but the taste was smooth and not "icky" at all.The Mussels were juicy and not too small. The sauce it was sitting atop of was a bit spicy for me though but the mussels themselves were fresh.Lovely place to sit and chill with friends and eat (cheap) awesome food!
5	Absolutely delicious! Went in for happy hour, great list of wines. Ordered the Jumbo shrimp cocktail, the shrimp are jumbo but you only get 4, but so yummy, also had the Ahi tuna lettuce wraps, it was 3 very delicate cabbage cups filled with diced cucumber and seasoned ahi tuna, simply mouth watering.  Our friends had the cheese fondue it comes with bread cubes and fresh fruit they loved it, they also had the chicken wings and calamari and raved about both.
4	Here comes my review of Sedona Lounge. A place I'll probably never go to again unless I am invited to another birthday party or for some strange reason happen to be miles and miles away from my house.It's only down-fall is how very far away it is from me. I really enjoyed Sedona Lounge, minus the long drive. But how can I fault a place for its location? I went here for a friend's birthday party and I had never been here before, although I had heard good things about it. I've also heard it is a place where "singles" in Vegas tend to go to hang out. I could see that. The place does have a vibe of trendy and young. The inside is nice and the bar is inviting. The cushy seats bar seats, as well the seats at the tables around the bar are very nice.I had two glasses of their French chardonnay. Normally, being that it was a bit pricey I would have only had one, but I decided to spring for another because it was good. Bad part about Sedona: service was kind of slow and the waitress appeared to be oblivious to the needs of 80% of our party. Yes, I realize working parties and it being a weekend night might have you skip a few people, but seriously, when you've walked by me twice and my drink is empty - you should ask me if I want another drink. So, my suggestion: get your drink order in with the waitress fast if you want it.I did end up having their tuna lettuce wraps and they were very good. Very fresh and with a bit of a spicy taste - but not too much! They were very nicely presented as well and the price was not bad, but only because they were good.Overall I really enjoyed Sedona. But it is just so very far away from me. If I lived in the neighborhood I would probably frequent it much more.
3	Definitely a good change-of-pace happy hour spot compared to the way over-rated Kona Grill.The atmosphere is real trendy - nice, high cushion seats.  It's a spot you can go casual or go on a date.  It's also a great place to take friends who want to get away from the strip.For the food, I can only comment from the happy hour appeteizers.  The food quality was much better than Kona but there were only 6 items available.  Too bad they can't expand this a little. The day we went they offered:BBQ Ribs with an Asian Hoisin SauceFried CalamariAhi Tuna Lettuce WrapsSlidersSteamed Mussels Thai Spicy Chicken WingsWe ordered every app, fries (regular and sweet potatoe - both were really good)  As for drinks, they have $3 bottles and i believe $4 wells.  Dinner prices aren't cheap but based on the quality of the appeteizers I'm sure it's 3.5+ star worthy.  I will definitely be back for happy hour.  Kona gets busy and I think based on their franchise reputation, they can afford to slouch on their food quality since it's the "hip" place
3	Great patio dining, great appetizers. The wings and ribs are terrific. However, stay away from the lobster roll. At $16, the plate contained eight dime size pieces!  I hope the management sees this review and tries to make a suitable lobster roll to replace this. We didn't want to complain to them, but this is truly a waste of money!
2	I was pretty disappointed. I dined last night. I purchased a groupon for this place back in Dec and needed to use it before it expired so we drove across town. The Atmosphere wasn't bad. Although we compared the color scheme to a strip club. My date and I were seated and somehow we were given two different versions of the menu. I was really disappointed because we were going to order the sliders but they were no longer on the accurate menu. Our server Chris who was pretty nice fixed it right away and grabbed us accurate menus. We decided to get the Tuna app instead. I was planning on getting the 6oz filet with asparagus and then I realized it was half off because it was Sunday! What a great deal!  My date ordered a salad to start with ($13.00) a porterhouse (regularly $36, but since it was Sunday it was half off). Their sides are al a carte so we ordered 4 to taste most of them. Mac & Cheese (7bucks) Asparagus (7 bucks) Creamed Spinach (7 bucks) and potato fries (5 bucks). After my date finished his salad, we both felt like we waited forever for our food! My filet was ordered rare but it was totally medium by the time it got out to our table. I guessed it was sitting under the heat lamp or something. Everything tasted REALLY salty. Creamed spinach is normally my favorite food, but it had so much salt in it I could barely eat it. My date doesnt eat pork and it didnt say bacon on the menu so we ordered it. There were little bits of bacon all over the saltiest spinach I ever had.  The Mac & Cheese was okay. Ive had worse, Ive had better.The asparagus was totally the tastiest part.The potato fries were yummy.My dates porter house was really fatty and totally no better than you would get at Smiths... But it was half price bc it was Sunday, or at least that is what I thought I would be paying during diner.Chris had just bussed out plates when I started feeling "not-so-good" and rushed to the bathroom to vomit. Probably from the salty food. I felt fine when I arrived and I felt much better after I barfed. I get back to the table to find that out that my 40 dollar groupon cant be used because we ordered half price steaks. I say thats fine... But why couldnt the apply the 40 dollars to the four 7 dollar appetizers we ordered and the 13 dollar side salad? We ended up just paying full price for the steaks. Which sucks, because I paid 20 dollars for a groupon. By using it, I saved 10 dollars by not getting half-priced steaks. SO I overpaid 10 bucks for my groupon. The manager didnt seem to care. Although she did give us a free app coupon. YAAHH right, like I want a free salt-fest. Total cost of meal without discount- 130. Totally could have gone to a real steakhouse for that much and maybe I could have kept the food down for more than 20 minutes. Needless to say, I will not be back.
4	Dropped by yet another restaurant because of Groupon.  And in spite of reading some mixed Yelp reviews, I was pleasantly surprised to find such a nice restaurant that also offers almost 24/7 gaming (they are at 4 am now).  The place looks really upscaled, and the interior was roomy with high ceiling, and modern decor.  The outside patio area also looks great to dine in, when the temperature is not so overwhelming.  Overall, the ambiance just works.The dinner menu was pretty straight forward (appetizers, soup & salads, entrees, sides and desserts, plus the drink menu), but a good portion of the menu seems to have Asian-inspired components.  I tried the Seared Diver Sea Scallops, served with Jicama Slaw (definitely has Vietnamese or Thai influences), Sambal Chili Butter, and Toasted Macadamia Nuts.  This entree was delicious, but the portions size is definitely petite.The "12-ours" Wing" (12-hour cured, confit wings, Thai chili sauce) was decent.  But I think on the dinner menu it had description from the BBQ Ribs, which made me think that it was a special 12-hours slow braised version of the ribs, instead of chicken wings.The Creole Crab Cakes was fairly good. Nice flavor, decent crispy crust from searing in the sauteed pan.The next day I was back for lunch, and to redeemed my final Groupon.  I honestly schedule a lot of my meals around expiring Groupons and LivingSocial certificates.After checking out the lunch menu, which features a lot of sandwiches, we still ended up ordering some of the items from their dinner menu. The Bone-In Ribeye was excellent, especially with the free ($15 value) Surf & Turf upgrade.  We also have an order of the Chinese Duck Salad, which was definitely a entree portion salad.  Overall it was fairly good, but I would have like to see the confit duck leg be more tender.Service was excellent from both the two different servers that waited on our table during the two visits.  A+ for attentiveness.Price is not bad, esepcially if you take advantage of the promotions that are being offered:Happy Hour pricing on $3 Beers, $4 Premium Shot Well Cocktails, $5 Select Glasses of WIne, $6 choice of six appetizers (daily from 4-7pm & 11pm-2am) Free Surf & Turf upgrade for steakorders(excluding lobster tail and foie gras) Steak Sundays -1/2price Steaks ALL DAY & Night! (But not valid when combined with other offers like Groupon, LivingSocial or Restaurant dot com)If you are frequent visitor to Sedona Lounge, make sure you sign up for their loyalty program.  The signup process is simple and can be done online.  Plus that entitles you to free drinks during their Thursday Happy Hour.Overall, I have enjoyed my visits to Sedona Lounge, and will be back again in the near future. Food:  4/5  Price:  4/5 Not bad, unless you order a lot of sides and break the piggy bank.Service:  5/5Ambiance: 5/5Parking:  4/5Location:  In the SW Las Vegas.  Location of the entrance can easily be missed, unless you know exactly where you are going.Otherwise, you might turn in too early and ended up in the stripmall next door or get on the 215 by accident.  3/5
3	At best OK, one entree shared with two beers and a few appetizers was over $100 and this is a cafe style place.  Very expensive for what you get.  Service was good.Wayne Gorsek
4	My family and friends have visited this restaurant before and had enjoyed the pre-fixed meal so we were going there again; however, when we arrived last night, we found out it had been discontinued so we ordered from the menu, New York steak - good, atlantic salmon with broccolini and Thai purple rice - delicious, 3 steak and lobster specials ($19 each) - very good, ahi tuna lettuce wraps - delicious, French onion soup - yummy, shrimp cocktail (big shrimps) and the tasty spinach salad with goat cheese, carmelized walnuts and crunch bacon bits!
5	The food these days is even more excellent at this restaurant.  I just changed my review to 5 STAR.  Love the Caesar salad.  Steak and Lobster is a great deal. It is a fun place to stop on the way home and we have been here a gazillion times... VERY Friendly staff.  The food is very tasty and there is a good selection.  I read some of the reviews and can only say ... Wow, I would like to review you at your place of work.  We have always had a great meal at this particular restaurant and the manager, has always been really nice and helpful if anything was not perfect.  The drinks at the bar are great quality, not some off brand booze. By the way, Sedona's outdoor patio area is 5 star for sure!!! Naomi at the bar always gives great service!
1	The food was pretty decent, but the service was painfully bad.  We were playing video poker, so we ate at the bar.  The bartender ignored us and it was impossible to get her attention.   When she did stop by she took my calamari appetizer before I was done.  We both had steaks, which were ok.  The gnocchi side dish was good.  There was a shift change while we were there and the second bartender was slightly better, but still difficult to get his attention.   All of the customers at the bar were seated at one end of the bar and both bartenders would hang out at the opposite end of the bar without checking on us, which was very shocking.  Two other customers were complaining about the service.  We didn't complain, but felt like unappreciated customers.Portion sizes were generous, but food prices were high.  Probably won't return because there are much better places to game and eat with better service and prices.  I had a Groupon here that I forgot to bring.  The service was so bad I gave it to a friend (who I warned first) to avoid the frustration.
3	I did wait 30 min for my drink to come to the table, but after that service was ok and the food was good, I had the Kobe burger which was great and my girlfriend had the filet. My girlfriend asked for blue cheese crumbles on the filet and they gave a side of blue cheese when they dropped it off. I would go again it had a very fun atmosphere!
5	This place is a neighborhood gem.  Truly one of my favorite restaurants in Las Vegas. Great atmosphere, super high quality food fit for foodies, in a really nice atmosphere.  The outside patio is perfect during the spring and fall with a fire pit and a nice romantic ambiance.They always have great food and drink specials and the service is always first rate.They also serve food late ( I think 5 am) which makes the real short list for high quality food after a late nite.Highly recommended.Jason
4	Amazing in every way....I had a groupon for Sedona and one night my boyfriend and I went on a date night to Sedona, I was pleasantly surprised. The atmosphere was classy, inviting and service was great. Food was delicious and I cant wait to go back. The recipes were unique and so tasteful. We had appetizers wings and ribs - elegantly displayed on the dishes and the flavors of the glaze on the wings were so delicious and garnished with cucumber salad under the wings to enhance the flavor mmmmm so good. The meat fell off the bone and onto my fork and the marinade so full of sweet and sour and hints of spice. I had the Cesar salad with grilled chicken and they give generous proportions and the dressing was homemade and perfect mixture of all ingredients making it unique. My boyfriend had the Angus burger with fries and again, generous proportions and you cant go wrong with Angus! Fries were fresh cut and fried in great tasting oil. The bar was upscale and the decor was modern and fun. I enjoyed our date night and highly suggest Sedona for any date night, girls night out for a good martini or great meeting place for after work round of drinks. I also noticed they had an area for large groups and an intimate outdoor areal. Don't let the dark building fool you like it did me, they do have gaming but Sedona had much more to offer. Go check them out!
4	Popped in for happy hour on a Tuesday.  Apparently, Tuesday is halp price bottle of wine night.  That's cool!In addition, Sedona has $3 beers, $4 well drinks, $5 glasses of wine and six $6 appetizers on theior happy hour.  The appetizers included:Ahi tuna lettuce wrapsCurry musselsCalamariThai style wingsSliders#6 escapes me....We had wings, calamari, and mussels.  The mussels had a clever twist with a green curry broth with hearts of palm.  Yummy.  The wings were cooked nicely and had a sweet and spicy Thai chili glaze.  The calamari was ok.  The bartenders were nice.  However, she rattled off a list of alcohols included in happy hour, beefeater being one of them.  Therefore, my husband said, "I'll take a beefeater martini."  On our bill, it was $9 as opposed to the promised $4. ANNOYING.  When I inquired, she said, martinins don't count.  Well, that would have been nice to mention before.  How rude. It's absolutely gorgeous inside and we quite enjoyed our 4 drinks and three appetizers for forty some bucks.  Now that i know the rules (hmphf), I will happily return for happy hour.
4	Surprisingly good! I drove by hundreds of times before giving it a chance, it was so different than expected. The fondue is delicious and they have a great happy hour, very generous pours of wine. Great outdoor patio too! Plus they participate in restaurant.com so you can enjoy more for less!
3	Main menu is pricey and limited. We had appetizers instead. Short ribs were great as were sliders. Beef carpaccio was horrible. Maybe just different from what we were expecting. Service was excellent.
3	I was in town for a business meeting and the client took us to Sedona for lunch.  When we pulled up outside, I was expecting another chain-gang type restaurant. Oh, was I wrong. Great contemporary decor gave the place a unique feel.  There weren't many people at 1:00pm, but that didn't detract.  Food was fairly good and priced ok.  Pick salmon, steak, chicken, fish tacos, or a few other main dishes, add either a french onion or mushroom soup or salad and pay $15. A little pricey, but when you combine the upscale ambiance, the prices make more sense.  I had the salmon - nice crispy sear on it but marred by an over salty soy miso sauce. Salad was well sized, but too much dressing and too salty too. Most of my colleagues had ruebens and they absolutely loved them. Restaurants over salt to get you to drink more, but that's a rookie strategy. Make your food good on its own, pour your drinks well, and people will come and spend money.  I'll probably come back, but the extra salt will make me think twice.
4	We both ended up having steak for dinner, but I tried the advertised steak/lobster special advertised on their signage out front.  The steak was wonderful, and the lobster was okay...a little rubbery for lobster.  But you get what you pay for.  The service was great and inside of this place has great decor and ambiance!  You can tell it's a great bar place to hang out and we look forward to coming back when it's warmer and sitting on their very cool looking patio area!
2	Sedona is a good neighborhood spot which could be great, but the food needs some work. I've had mixed service experiences but my most recent visit was an improvement.They have a great wine selection and I've never been disappointed with any of my picks. I don't usually go red, but had a really great Malbec earlier in the day at Total Wine and thought I'd try my luck at Sedona. I'd get it again-it didn't give me the usual red wine headache and was a nice, light red-easy drinking!Food-wise I've had the Caesar salad which was just ok- I really love Caesar salad and this one just didn't do anything for me. Last visit brought me to the carpaccio which was great-served with arugula and parmesan (I think) and sprinkled with truffle oil. The meat was nicely cut and all of the components made for a great late night snack. The rest of my party didn't fare so well. One of my friends got the calamari and it tasted like it came from the frozen foods section of the market-chewy, boring breading and was kind of lukewarm. Another friend got the creme brulee and the caramelized top was like a brick to break through. She almost sent it back, but once she cut through the sheet rock top, she said it wasn't too bad. Again, nothing to write home about. Also had were the mussels and steak and lobster ($19 special) and no one was really overly pleased with their food. The setting itself is the restaurant's saving grace-the bar area is very conducive to large parties in which everyone can mix and mingle and not feel like they're confined to one table. The service in this area is spotty,  but my last visit the waitress was great-very attentive and accommodating. I had a really horrible bartender the first time I went who didn't seem to want to do anything and made a terrible first impression for the place. He was your typical too-good-for-this Strip nightclub bartender except he wasn't on the Strip...he was at a neighborhood bar that can't afford that kind of barn animal-like behavior.It's not a place I'd actively make a point to come back to, but not a bad spot for a late night drink in a casual, but refined ambience.
2	I'm giving this a 2 star only because the food is delicious..if they offered a negative star, I'd give it for the horrible service. Last night myself and a friend got there early while waiting for the rest of our party to show up. The bartender acknowledged us after about 5 minutes..and the bar had 4 people sitting at it.. We ordered drinks and asked to see a menu. Drinks came promptly, but she forgot our menus. No problem, she waited on another customer, then asked her again when she passed us for the menu..was told it would take a minute (as we could see the menus sitting there in front of her)..Being a Bartender myself in Las Vegas, I understand how you could get jaded vey fast. so I kinda understood her disdain for customers wanting something..God forbid they interrupt my chit-chat with a waitress! Our party had arrived, and decided to close my check at the bar and start a new one at the table. I (reluctantly) let the Bartender know that I too am in this industry and hate when people transfer checks ( as sometimes we don't get tipped)..After a generous tip (which was not deserved) we went to our table. She was all smiles after that... At first, our waitress was very sociable, and friendly. She took our orders promptly, & accurately. We had finished a bottle of wine, and it took 15 minutes after we had finished eating to even see someone to clear our table. Finally our waitress who was non-existent throuhout our meal passed by. We asked for another bottle of wine, and was told "ok". Well, 20 minutes pass by, and we see her pass by again (shes almost a ghost as she rushes past us) We ask her again if we could order another bottle. Her response was "Yeah, I got it..it takes a minute"..More like 35 minutes. I love the food and ambiance, but the place lacks so severely in customer service, that I really don't want to go there anymore. My opinion is the scantily clad staff would rather have a different job swinging on a pole than dealing with people who want to eat.
4	I absolutely love this place, especially during happy hour. If you want to enjoy fantastic contemporary American cuisine without dealing with the scary prices on the strip, this is the place for you! Their appetizer selection is marvelous... from oysters to delectable wings, lettuce wraps and mussels.. full portions for half the price during happy hour! Can't beat that deal :)Let's not forget the all day everyday steak and lobster deal! Also, all steaks "surf for free" meaning you can add scallops or shrimp to compliment any steak for free! I usually order the filet medium rare with some scallops, and this dish never disappoints. Let's not forget about the service. It's top-notch. The wait staff is experienced, attentive, friendly, and informative. I've already been here many times and there was never a mishap with order-taking or not refilling drinks and water. Our dining experience has always been smooth and enjoyable. I highly recommend this place to all fellow "Vegasonians" :)
4	The ambiance is great for a dinner for two. Our hostess was polite and professional, as well as our server. We ordered the BBQ ribs for an appetizer and was tasty with sweet bbq sauce. As an entree, we ordered The sea scallops, which tasted good and had this sliced cabbage looking thing with crushed peanuts. For dessert we ordered the bread pudding which wasn't bad, tasted just right. I'd go back here again.
3	The food is great!  It is a nice change of pace for lunch to-go orders.  I have to agree with everyone else - the service at the bar comes with attitude.  There isn't much customer friendly about the service in this place which is a shame because the food is really great.  I will keep coming just for the good food but will keep my expectations at a minimum.  Keep in mind that I have to order and pick up my food at the bar!
5	The food is amazing: Seabass & Ribeye was to die for! Yum yum Seabass was not fishy...cooked perfectly. Ribeye is the best we have had!  Yum yum  My husband & I'm shared these dishes & he also agreed! We also had salads: Caesar was not bad, but not best-ok. The Mediterranean salad was superb & better than Caesar! Jordan, our server by the bar, & she was great! Fantastic customer service! Overall, great food & great times!
3	Nothing was bad, but for the cost I had expected better flavors.  A busser walked by our table reaked of pot.Our server Leilani was a good server.  She suggested the Brussels sprouts (which we liked) but when we asked to order the chocolate pudding, she said they only served a raspberry bread pudding and there's no chocolate in it.  We asked for the dessert menu, lo and behold, White Chocolate Bread Pudding.Food we ordered for 2 people, all small plates:-Ahi Lettuce Wrap     2pc. fresh tuna.  Salty with more heat to the spices than you'd expect-Curry Black mussels     shells were clean (no seaweed) and mussels were fresh.  Curry was delicate until you get to the bottom and realize all the spices were down there -Oysters on half shell ($6)     2pc.  fresh live oysters.  the bed of cucumber/onion salad was so-so. pricey for 2pc of komomoto sized oysters.-Mediterranean salad     ordered without the ham.  we took one bite and left it there.  this was a total miss dish.-Mac n Cheese    added salt n pepper to make it just ok.  another dish that we barely touched-Brussels sprouts     the highlight of the night.  great sprouts and not bitter!-White Chocolate Raspberry Bread Pudding    ordered it because of all the Yelp review.  definitely can be skipped, save you $ and calories.  we were not impressed by all the Yelpers who said this was "to die for," this is not good bread pudding let alone greatIn summary, the seafood were fresh.  Flavors was just ok.  Menu was not exciting and not kid friendly.  We will not be returning to Sedona given the options in the area.
4	I have never actually ate here. Just rinks and I love it for that purpose. I always seem to have a good time and the service and bartenders are great. The drinks are stiff and plentiful. Love the atmosphere and the people too.
5	just got back from Sedona had lobster tails, lamb chops,shrimp cocktail,and baked oysters all were great !!!!  thanks i will be back
4	Just finished a really yummy dinner.  Service was great.  Our waiter gave us suggestions based in what our likes were and it was spot on.  Basic house salad was very tasty.  Scallops were really flavorful.  Lamb chops were seasoned well and tasted great.   It was my one year anniversary from meeting my boyfriend here a year ago.  It was a really enjoyable evening and I look forward to going back again next year (if not sooner)!
2	Interesting place. We sat in the bar at 6:30 on a Sat night and it was pretty empty. It turns into a bar later on and is open until 5 am. We ordered a porterhouse (surfs for free and the shrimp were delicious), brussels sprout side (wonderful and cooked al dente), potatoes au gratin also excellent but the steak wasn't super thick and the Caesar had bland dressing.  The calamari starter was mediocre because of the breading but the spicy marina was very good.  We would go back and try a few appetizers off the happy hour menu $8 but it was fairly expensive considering the quality.  I would opt for a drink at the bar once it gets busy or a quick stop on the way home from the airport so we will return. Be sure and join the online club and you will get a $20 credit to use with your first meal just by providing your phone number when you ask for your bill.
1	The service is terrible. There are not enough bartenders nor wait staff!   Was there a change in ownership/management, it sure shows!
3	Our whole party hasn't arrived yet and when we mentioned that to the hostess, she kind of just told us to go on the side. It would've been fine if she said it politely.We finally got seated and the server seemed very flustered with taking our orders by we were a large group. The food took foreeeeever and the server was rarely at our table. Didn't understand it because it wasnt that busy at the restaurant.The food was yummy though. I ordered the Chicken BBQ Sandwich with Sweet Potato Fries.
5	Went here on a first date and I fell in love......with the food :)Everything I had was delish. The filet mignon was savory and the scallops were juicy and full of flavor. The wild mushrooms and brocolini were great as well. I'd recommend this place to anyone planning a romantic evening. The waitress was very nice, the noise level was minimal and the lighting was perfect. Don't come here if you're frugal. Great place, 5 stars for sure.
3	Here are the main points about Sedona, from best to worst:1. The atmosphere. The inside is decorated very nicely, and the patio outside is awesome. The entire thing is surrounded by a high wall, so you don't have to look outside at 215, and the inside is filled with comfy lounge areas, tables, and nice plants.2. The happy hour. It runs every day from 4-7 (I think). $3 beers, $4 well drinks, $6 house wine, $8 appetizers.3. The food. They have some really good salads. Tuna lettuce cups, sliders, mussels, sweet potato fries are decent.4. The service. Slow and prone to mistakes.Overall, it's ok if I happen to be in the area around happy hour, but with a location so far from my house, I wouldn't make a special trip.
4	If you're looking for a place where you can enjoy outside patio dining/seating, this is it. The patio has plenty of room, has a firepit, and the foliage outside makes you feel like you have left Vegas. The inside dining area/bar area has an eclectic feel like you have gone to an upscale restaurant, but not pretentious. Staff is always friendly and fast. Sign up for email and text message alerts to keep up on the haps. They offer a ton of promotions, I signed up for the loyalty rewards card, so the more you go, you can build a credit and get some $ off your bill, also loyalty members get complimentary happy hour every Thursday 6-9pm, every Tuesday is 1/2 off bottles of wine,  1/2 price steak Sundays, and birthday promotions. I mean how can it get any better than this? They also have live music.
2	Sedona has alot of potential if realized but some changes need to be made before it gets there...I checked out Sedona yesterday with my Dad for lunch. Being a vegetarian, the first thing he noticed was that they took the vegan burger patty off the menu and replaced it with a caprise paninni sandwich. Unfortantely, adding in large pieces of cheese and a balsamic vinegar glaze to the sandwich isn't really a substitute for a vegetarian burger. I as usual got a the standard 'Cali Club' which I feel like is the only thing you can probably order anywhere and not go wrong. My sandwich was good but not amazing. It seems like they used the thickness of the texas toast slices to make up for not putting in much turkey or bacon into the sandwich. At about $14 I expected a little more.I think one of the issues that really brought down my review rating here was the service. Coming in at around 1pm I noticed that they place was virtually empty. There are maybe two other parties in the main dining area near the bar. However, there a ton of employees (easily out numbering the diners) that were all running around doing something other than serving us. We had to wave down our server to get a ride of ranch and refills on drinks. I think I have stated this in my other reviews, and I'll do it again: I hate having to flag down servers for refills and the check. If we have to go hunt them down, why even have servers? One of the redeeming aspects of Sedona is definitely the place itself. Sedona Lounge is beautiful. The outer architecture and interior design is definitely a step-above the other bar-food restaurants the place is usually compared to. The interior looks like a high-end steak house and the patio is probably one of the nicest in town.Now I have heard some great things about Sedona from friends which makes me want to give the place a second chance. Maybe I went on a off-day or something, it was disappointing after hearing praise from some of my fellow yelpers.
4	Oh how the mighty have fallen.  I was thinking about how I used to LOVE this bar about 4 years ago, so I in tonight for a refresher course.  Gone are my favorite (hot) bartenders, though the nerdy dude with the glasses was cool.  Gone is the players menu that got you free food while you drink.   Gone are reasonable video poker payouts.  But it's still a nicer video poker bar than the one next door, so I can't hate on it too much.  If it was closer to my house, I'd be here more.  But it's a bit out of the way and has lost its charm.  Bummer.
2	Well boo.  This place has regressed.  Majorly.  First clue, we were 1 of 2 tables in a restaurant that seats 250.We dined for lunch. Service was nice.  A bit overzealous for lunch.  But friendly and helpful.The decor remains lovely and upscale and the patio is tremendous. The food - meh.  We shared a salad that promised to be a party in your mouth with the wide array of tasty ingredients; alas, it was fairly boring.  A good price and size though.  $13 and it easily fed three of us as a starter..  Hubby was totally disappointed with his dry dry dry hamburger. Gal pal was equally complacent with her caprese panini.  I ventured out of the box, disregarding the warnings of my fellow diners, and ordered the monte cristo.  It was described a sandwich with ham and turkey, cheese fondue and berry compote.  Sounds delicious! Um,  not delicious.  First, it was cold in the middle.  I had envisioned the berry compote to be inside the sandwich...not the case.  The whole sandwich was doused in a slimy strawberry syrup with mushy strawberry halves and whole blueberries. Who tops a sandwich with strawberry syrup and strawberries halves?? It could have been a win if the sandwich was ooey gooey, hot and melty and was complemented with a berry compote inside in a thin layer.  We probably won't return to eat anytime soon.  Definitely still a pretty locale for a drink!
2	Decor was beautiful. Service was spotty but friendly. Food was surprisingly bland (fillet Mignon, calamari, prawns & sauteed mushrooms.) Spent $89. Maybe it was an off day. Received a nice apology from management on line after review.
2	To Sedona's Credit,  the GM contacted me via e-mail to rectify the situation.  I promptly responded, but have not heard from her since.  I assured her I would try this establishment another time and update the review based on that visit.I sincerely hope the email was not just to get a ratings boost.  Time will tell...This really pains me, but I can't give Sedona more than 1 star!  I see a lot of other decent reviews, but that simply wasn't my experience here.  After driving by no less than 100 times, I finally decided to take advantage of the $19.99 Steak and Lobster special.  This is my weakness and I had previously never met a Lobster I didn't like!  Upon entering, I was struck by a feeling of attempted class.  I say attempted because the walls are really quite bare, but the decor that they do have is not cheap.  The lighting is reduced and the furnishings are on the more upscale side, but something just doesn't feel right.  I walk up to the bar, primarily because it is wide open, take a seat and prepare to ask for a menu and begin the "what Vodka do you have" game.  I am immediately greeted by a bartender in a classy (from the front) black dress and told "If you aren't gambling, you can't sit there".  Now, call me crazy, but I am more accustomed to "Hi, how are you today?" or... God forbid from a place ATTEMPTING class "Good evening, Sir.  What can I get you?".  My expectations were obviously high... after all, this IS the place with the discount steak and lobster.  Being no stranger to a video poker machine, the only civil response I could muster was a curt smile as I inserted money into the machine and ordered my drink.  As the bartender turns away, I notice that the once "classy" dress is has an open back and she has a freaking mural tattooed on her back.  Nothing against tattoo's, but this is a FAIL!After about 20 minutes and setting off half a dozen flares to get the bartenders attention, I ordered my food.  In the interests of time and YOUR boredom, I will skip to the point and say that most of the 25-30 minutes that I was waiting for my food, most all of the staff (I think even the cook - he certainly wasn't a 'chef') were gathered around the service area discussing their weekends.  Another FAIL on the class front.Food is here-  A firm believer that there is no other way to eat a steak than medium-rare, my cow is cooked to baseball mitt levels.  The seasoning was non-existent and the presentation was sloppy (sorry, didn't think to take pictures at the time as I was busy downing TUMS). The lobster was rubbery, obviously over-cooked.  By far the most edible item on my plate were the veggies, as I had to send the potatoe back for another microwave session.I will not be back here, which is really disappointing because I keep getting text messages and email offers from the apparently mandatory players club card I signed up for (skipped that part, but it was entertaining).   Sorry Sedona!
4	Went for late night happy hour. The pricing is a little higher than most HH. The sliders were yummy and the service was good. The patio area was relaxing and comfortable.
3	Make that 3 1/2.. Bartender Dave was amazeballs, however, the rest of the staff was mediocre. Rib-eye is always a safe dish to order. Other than getting 2 complimentary drinks on Thursday nights (only of you're loyal member) and half off steak & turf on Sundays, I would not be a frequent here. Lets just say, jealousy and dbags run a muck here.
5	Great happy hour spot (4-7pm and 11pm-2am). Late night spot. food is great, especially the appetizers. Looove the ahi tuna lettuce wraps - great flavor.  Beef sliders are juicy and great flavor!!! My mouth is watering just talking about it. You want dessert? Order their chocolate cake. It's not like any other. It's like chocolate cheesecake on top of a kit kat bar. Very unique. And if you sign up to be a member (which is free btw), you get 2 free drink vouchers EVERY Thursday. And you also get perks on your birthday. Lastly, the place is great. The decor is modern inside and the outside is great. You can stare at the cool fire pit / water fountain. And did I mention they are open until 4am?!?
4	Great happy hours, great service if you lucky to get Aaron and a place to be suggested.Thanks for being in business for such a long time.
5	Awesome happy hours staff is also amazing. I hit almost every time I am playing video poker there, needless to say I give it all back because the food and drinks are also amazing.
1	This place could be great, if they did just three simple things.1) Get a waiter that cares about the guests satisfaction, and keeps his stupid remarks out of customer earshot.2) If you are going to serve steaks, get some decent cuts of beef.3) If the steak you serve, a rib eye in this instance is 60% fat and gristle, have the decency to just take it back and replace it.After trying out the Sunday 1/2 price steak night which is still 25.00 a steak, I ordered the rib eye, it was probably the lowest quality piece of steak I have ever seen.  It was so full of fat and gristle, that I had the waiter come back.  At this point you think he would offer to just take it back and replace it.  Nope, first he said, that is the way a rib eye steak is.  Really?? where would that be?  Then he went to the kitchen still without my steak, came back and told me, he talked to the cook, and they both agreed maybe I just should not order the rib eye next time.  I can assure you, there will be no next time.  service=lousy, steak=lousy.
3	We have eaten here before & were disdained with steak but are gong to try Happy Hour today! More on results later...
4	I love this place!!  I can't believe I've lived in the SW and just started coming here within the last 2 years!  It's such a great little spot OFF Strip, no casino smoke and long walks to get to.  I love going on Sundays for half price steaks which have always been up to par with some decent strip steakhouses.  The Mediterranean Cut Salad is my all time favorite.  Sometimes I just stop by for lunch just for that salad!  We usually stick to basics, filets, ribeyes, a potato and asparagus.  Love the steak and lobster special and have taken many guests for this special and usually always have happy diners... maybe only 1 or 2 occasions with an overdone filet, but they always handle it perfectly.  It happens everywhere!   I just love the decor, the vibe and great specials including 1/2 price bottles of wine?!  I believe Tuesdays.  They have good creme brulee, yummy nutella & Banana panini &great chocolate cake.  Can't say enough good things.. the only place better than here is Vintner Grill
5	Been here many times, and every time seems to never disappoint. For an after work hangout to enjoy a quick glass of wine and some delicious happy hour appetizers, this place is spot on. Modern, classy, and fun. Great place to be yourself.
5	Great food, service, and atmosphere.  Highly recommended.
5	Delicious!  Sedona is located near the 215 and Flamingo. The decor is beautiful!  Leather white and red chairs, red painted walls with gems glued onto the the side and long red curtains for different sections of the place.  Service was great, very professional and classy.  They had a great menu to pick from, salads, appetizers, big entrees and amazing desserts!!!  My coworkers got steak and lobster, which is the special there for $24 all day every day and I got the salmon with rice and broccoli!  Everything was cooked fresh and brought to us in a timely manner.  The server offered us many desserts and we picked the creme brulee, cheesecake and the raspberry bread pudding.  ALL TO DIE FOR!!!!  I think the bread pudding, which I am never a fan of was my favorite, fresh out of the oven.  I will go back any time.......Loved the service and loved the food.  Prices are reasonable for the quality of food you are getting.
5	I've tried many restaurants and buffets in Las Vegas, this is definitely the best restaurant!  The food is superb and the service is excellent.Two years ago I came here with my boyfriend, his cousin and his cousin's girlfriend whom we were staying with.  Two years ago we fell in love with Sedona and our infatuation with their food is still going on head strong.  Ever since that first visit, we've been dreaming about coming back here, usually with salivating mouths.  And now after two years, we are finally reunited.We came on a Sunday night, and we ordered the calamari, ahi tuna lettuce wraps, and mussels for appetizers.  I have never seen calamari cut so generously.  The calamari is breaded to perfection, and it is not one bit chewy.  My boyfriend has always been wary of calamari because of its texture, but Sedona's calamari has transformed him into a believer!  The mussels and ahi tuna lettuce wraps are delicious as well.I ordered the ribeye steak with shrimp and my boyfriend ordered the filet mignon with scallops.  The ribeye steak was incredibly flavorful and juicy.  Along with the steak, there were 5 huge shrimps which were very succulent.  My boyfriend's filet mignon was cooked very well, and the scallops were orgasmic and cooked to perfection.  I've never seen scallops so big before!For dessert, we ordered the white chocolate and blueberry (?) bread pudding and the creme brulee.  Both were deliciously amazing!  Honestly, ordering creme brulee at any other restaurant feels like a waste because Sedona just makes it perfectly.I can't wait to come back to Vegas so I can eat here again.  I highly recommend this restaurant.  No restaurant on the strip will ever compare to this.
3	I celebrated my 21st birthday here & though I love the atmosphere, the service, & the place.  The prices for the food are pretty overprice for mediocre food. Ratings:Food (3)Service (4)Atmosphere (4.5) Bar (4)The people here were wonderful when they helped me prepare for my birthday about 2 years ago & i remember ordering two entrees & it nearly cost $75.. im like omg what? Fast forward to Dec 2012, my coworkers decided to celebrate christmas here & the food was still disappointing & overpriced.  I tasted the truffle oil mac & cheese.. EWWW! The sea-bass was very light & tasty. This time the service was okay, I had to ask the waitress three times if they can refill our water & one of those time I had to walk over to her to remind her about it.
4	In the past I would have given Sedona 5 Stars.  The past two times we have gone the service has been really slow (15 - 20min) and the seafood has had a strange taste, as though it isn't as fresh.  The servers are alway great but the kitchen seems to have trouble keeping up with the orders.  One thing I love about Sedona is the steaks.  They have great steaks and know how to cook them.  This is one of the few places in town I can go and consistently get a perfectly cooked steak.  The Ahi lettuce wraps are the perfect start to your meal.  If Sedona can work of the turnaround time and the seafood quality there are very few places in town that could beat them.
4	I used to come here with my friends once or twice a week, and then we stopped for some reason.  Always have had great experiences here.  There is one thing that all 5-6 of us wanted which got us to start going there again recently, and that is the mussels with the green curry.  As you know though, that preparation is no longer on the menu.  Now they are prepared with a sort of tomato sauce and it is not nearly as good.  It would be nice if this dish was brought back.  It would be good for your business too, because we order quite a few other things as well as many drinks when we are there.  All together a great place, just miss our favorite mussels.
4	Great private place, outside patio with water fall fire place! Ask for Renee'  or John at the bar.The bacon wraped scallops, duck foie gras!! Insanely good.
4	It's one of the few places in town with good fondue and Sunday nights with 1/2 off steaks
1	Went there last night with my girlfriends. We sat at the bar and ordered drinks and appetizers, the food was good, but the service was horrible. We will not be going back to this bar again.  Very slow service, drinks and food orders messed up and bad attitude from bartenders.
4	love the food here. Service here has been good. The busser at night is awesome. I do not know his name. Young hispanic man.  Every time I come here late at night, he is there. Very nice guy. More attentive than our server!The only thing I would complain about is a server. Blonde hair woman (curly hair I believe) I have had her twice since I have been here. I noticed that she treats certain guests different. For example I came here with my mother and step father who like to spend a lot. She was so nice to us. Smiled and very attentive. I came here with a couple of friends. We are all 20, 21 year olds.  Now before I say anything. I am a server myself. I know how it feels when a bunch of young people come in. Your first thought, is that they are going to have you run your ass off and  you are not going to be tipped well.  I am almost sure this was the case. She had  2 other tables next to us and would talk to them different.  She came off very rude. Didn't introduce herself. would check her other tables and walk past ours.  Her attitude was just very off-putting. I just wish we would have been treated the same (like when I come in with my family)Besides that one time, I would definitely check this place out and I will be returning. The food is great! Love happy hour! I really only go here for the wild mushrooms, sea bass, salmon, and their bread pudding!! YUM!This is also a great place to go for a date.
4	I LOVE this place! The ambiance is sexy & the food was great! We ordered the Ahi Tuna wraps & the Mussels with fries...BOMB!!! SO delicious! I love  how they  season their seafood just enough to where it doesn't take away from the dish. I AM A FAN!!!
4	I went there for a wine party, but it was mixed with the regular crowd. Definitely a more mature clientele than The Strip, and very classy too.I loved the deep red curtains and the atmosphere around the bar tables. Parts of the bar felt more like a sports bar, however, which were not my favorite places to hang out. The patio turned out to be a fave, with a sort-of infinity pool and self-contained fire pit you can sit around for conversations and meetings.
4	I have to it meant I wasn't expecting too much when you pull into a half empty parking lot on a Friday night... Doesn't experience tell you a busy place is a good place?!?  Perhaps, but this particular evening it was the opposite.Not too busy allowed the wait staff to spend a little extra time, I felt, with us....and you know I'm a Service Snob so it was a treat.We were told they just revised their menu and from what I saw and tasted, I was amazed. Fantastic cocktails were enjoyed and if they didn't have it on the menu, the bartender was quick to offer and make it.  Their light bite appetizers proved to be very good including their Ahi Tuna lettuce wraps (poke style), Angus beef sliders with caramelized onions dripping with cheddar cheese, and calamari that looked like fish sticks...huge!Give this place a try if you are in a group because the vibe seems to be better with friends rather than solo hunkered over the bar playing video poker.
5	Classy place, good food & drinks.
4	We must eat here at least twice a month. Great place to bring Real Estate Prices... Food is really good along with the Martini's
4	This is the place to be Tuesday night, half price bottles of wines!!!I try to keep it as a place where I can meet my friends and enjoy a good bottle of wine. For the past few months it has been the Santa Margarita, Pino Grigio.The food is pretty good as well!Last week, while they were filming a movie at the bar, I took my BFF for lunch there. I had the best Mashrum Soup ever. It was probably a little more greasy than the food I'm used with cause by the time my Risotto made it to the table I was already full.I have to recognize that I've never seen green risotto before, very impressive , had to take a few bites, but there was no way I could finish it. I'll have to try it again with a glass of Pino :)I'm not looking for an excuse to go there, no need for one! I think their kitchen has been improving over the years. Enjoy!
4	Sexy!!! Sat outside in front of an outdoor firepit while enjoying a bottle of wine and crabcakes! Very classy! Waitress was sweet as pie and everybody there seemed to be happy and enjoying themselves.Such a romantic place to gaze in your loved one's eye and let the ambience take you away!
3	We came here for our birthday celebrizzle! Booked the semi-private room which is just off to the side of the bar and right near the entrance. It's a nice big room, lots of tables and chairs and nice because our group could just chill in there but still be close to the bar action! All week long I was thinkin bout the $24 steak and lobster! I finally got it aaaand: it was good! My steak was cooked and seasoned perfectly and the lobster  wasnt rubbery at all. Win! Later we ordered oysters on the half shell - these were seriously the SMALLEST oysters I have EVER had! Not much bang for your buck! I KNOW they are on the HH menu but just because something is on the HH menu doesnt mean it should be skimped on!!We also ordered the 12-Our chicken waaangs - these were good! Good sauce and the wings were juicy and delicious, not dry at all from being fried. The service was not good though. I know we had a big group, but there were SEVERAL servers helping us out. It was also a busy Saturday night, but I still dont think drinks should take FIFTEEN minutes to get to the table! I seriously ate my whole steak and lobster before my new drink arrived. Ridic!! Okay but food service was quick - I guess the bar was too packed for them to handle. OR SOMETHING! They also ran out of calamari, oysters and something else... o_OAll in all, the food was tasty and we had a good time!
1	Was just there for a baby shower for a friend of mine. Everything was great until we had a problem with another guest. The male guest came into our private room and got into the face of one of our female friends. We stood up for her and management did nothing. They allowed the other party to stay in the restaurant and made it out to be our fault. I can't believe they have such incompetent staff running such a nice place. The manager had no clue how to deal with situations that arise and a female bartender that wasn't even there when the initial confrontation happened started being rude to us. The food is a little above average and it is a nice place, but the management and staff are horrible. I am never going back there and I urge you not to waste your time visiting here when there are 1000 other places you can go and get better service.
3	My friend threw 4 of us a quadruple birthday party here.  It was a lot of fun because all of our friends were there.  The manager had given us one of the reserved rooms, so that was also nice.  I did not order any food but a lot of people did and it looked really good.  My main complaint is how long it took to get our drinks.  It was at least a 30 minute wait after you placed your order.  On the plus side, this kept me from getting wasted, and our tab was also surprisingly low at the end of th night.
4	Decided to throw a quadruple birthday party here for my friends Karen, Jenny, Mandi and my boyfriend Jo this past Saturday.. I chose this place because I like the decor, they have a semi private room/nice patio & their prices aren't too steep. I tried to make a reservation 3 weeks in advance for the semiprivate room for 40 people but the manager told me he couldn't confirm the reservation unless I preordered some items which is not what I wanted to do..So he told me if another party wanted the room for that night and was willing to put down money he would give it to them which is understandable. I told him that's fine but just to call me and let me know the week of... Fast forward to the night before the party still no phone call from Sedona so I called and it seemed they pretty much forgot about me. UGHH. Adam, the GM, made some calls and got me the room for Saturday so yay. We got there at 11:30 and everything was great. There was another huge bday party going on outside of our room for a group called "The Movement" so it was packed. On the plus side there was a live DJ spinning hip hop and a little dance floor set up... We went to the bar to get drinks and stood there for 15 minutes with not so much as a hello from the 5 bartenders who were clearly very overwhelmed so we returned to the room and just ordered from the cocktail server.. Service was a hit or miss sometimes drinks would take over 15 minutes to get and sometimes 5 minutes. Crown & Diet was $6.50, not bad at all! Many people ordered the $24 steak & lobster and it seemed they all really enjoyed it! Also I liked the fact that they didn't charge a cake cutting fee for the cup cakes we brought in and they also allowed us to have a male stripper come in LOL Besides the confusion and minor difficulty in booking the "red room..." We had a great time and I recommend reserving it for any of your private party needs. WHAT SPOILED THE NIGHT FOR ME: someone stole my iPhone. Wow. & I know I didn't lose it because I always have in either in my hand or on the table next to me.....So many times I have found phones in different establishments and have turned them in to management but I guess the person who stole my phone doesn't believe in doing good deeds. So to you, thief..who lives on Obbanon & Hauck BTW (I know this thanks to my Find my iPhone app).. I pity you because Karma is coming for you. AND if you dare use any of my Groupons I will hunt you down!!! LOL
5	I was in last Sunday for steak night.  The staff was amazing and the food was even better.  Props to Adam and Naomi for the way the handled the drunken baby shower party.  Looks like that baby is going to have a good home, when the parents do shots of patron and carry guns to bars, specially for a baby shower.  Oh yea and it was all over a balloon.  This kid is going to end up on Cops or Maury Pouavich
3	i just want to start off by saying i come to Sedona for dinner all the time and it is always awesome and i never have a problem but this morning as i'm Sitting in Sedona's new brunch ( and yes I UNDERSTAND it was their first Sunday doing brunch ). It's apparent they are not prepared. The kitchen for our meal has taken over an hour. At this point the management should be stepping in and making sure that bread or fruit is given to everyone who is waiting over an HOUR for their food ,due to their "kitchen being extremely backed up" which should have been avoided . As a server my self . I know in my restaurant when on a occasion our kitchen gets backed up and customers are hungry and waiting i will throw in a  free dessert or I give out a free appetizer card for their next visit and will ask my manager to stop by those tables that are waiting and have the manager  check in with the tables and be very apologetic  to assure the guest that we know it is not there fault they are waiting and hungry.  The management has not once been to the tables to apologize or to make sure everything was fine BUT  the managers did have time to sit and socialize with there friends that came into eat. ..  The one thing that really really PISSED me off was as my mom and I were still waiting for our food we asked our server Sandy ( who was great btw and very apologetic even though nothing was really her fault) if we could have some bread or something because we were so starving and she apologetically told us that they did not have bread and that all of her other tables were asking for bread as well  while they waited.. not even 5 minutes later  one of the managers sits yet again with a family of four to socialize and gets up and brings them a FULL basket of bread. At this point I was beyond livid .. I guess to get proper service I need to be buddy buddy with the  manager..  listen! If you are running a restaurant you should treat everyone with the same respect and not ignore certain guests ..  I was beyond shocked this morning about the whole situation i was in.. When i got my food I inhaled it because i was so hungry and it was good but i was still upset that i was there as a guest and was treated like it didn't matter that i was putting money into their pockets.  The idea of the brunch at Sedona is great ...but the execution so far sucks .My suggestion .. Give them time to get their brunch right .. because everyone was just trying figure it out as they went along ..
4	Had a scheduled lunch meeting here and was looking forward to it since its been around for a while and I have only been for drinks. Looked over the menu and saw so many great options. Mussels, Ahi Tuna, Salads, Sandwiches and great lunch specials. I ordered the Ahi Tuna Lettuce wraps (small plate) and a cup of the mushroom soup The lettuce wraps were flavorful, however I surprised at the portion size, even though it was a small plate, it was 2 butter lettuce leafs topped with a tablespoon of tuna, a few onions and sauce. 2 tablespoons on each leaf would have made a world of difference. The mushroom soup was extremely flavorful. First time I have ever had mushroom soup prepared this way. Loaded with shitake mushrooms, and with a cream froth on top. Very rich... delicious, but it did take a while to get through the creamy richness. Decor was nice, service was great. I'll be sure and go back when I'm on the west side of town.
5	Excellent service, Cory our server was great. Prices very good. Great steak. Next trip to Vegas my wife will frequent Sedona Lounge on future trips
2	Recently stopped in for a cocktail with a friend, the place was pretty empty except for a couple video poker players, my friend and I were looking over the specialty cocktail menu, we asked the bartender if he could make a French 75, he didn't know what that was, so he pulled out his phone, we thought he was looking up the ingredients, in actuality he was answering a text. Classy. We decided to try the hummingbird, it said $9 on the menu. When we got our check he charged us $12. Shady. We left and went up the road to Lindo Michoacan.
5	Loved it my first time there I went with a friend I got the steak and lobster, he got the halibut, crab cakes as appetizer plus creme brulet ss desert two soft drinks total bill was 88 but considering what we ate very reasonable. Everything was great and great service. The only con was the loud people at the bar.  I would definitely eat there again.
5	Great service and nice vegan side options. The fireplace outside is intimate and a perfect place to spend the evening.
5	So tonight was my first time visiting Sedona. I'd like to start by saying it is a beautiful building inside and out! The bar was busy and the restaurant was pretty full, too! My friend and I sat ourselves at one of the "open seating" tables by the bar. Immediately we were greeted by our server, Corey. He was very informative and very knowledgeable about the ENTIRE menu! He recommended a wonderful merlot for me to try and many dishes, that were delicious!!! All of his recommendations were SPOT ON! All in all my first experience here at Sedona was very impressive and the service was outstanding! I will definitely return here and request Corey!
4	Honestly can't go wrong with anything on the brunch menu. I was just here last Sunday and ordered the Egg's Benedict "Oscar" style. I have to say although the entire menu is enticing, I ordered the Benedict Oscar again because it was that good! They do seem a little short staffed on the patio, but since I like to have a leisurely brunch on Sundays I didn't mind. Most tables have a reasonable amount of shade so your not dying of heat. I Will probably be making regular visits here for sure.
3	Took my wife and kids there for mothers day.... after being told we could only order off the brunch menu i convinced the kids to have the waffles.... the waiter came back and let me know they were out ...ok... so he leaves and after much debate the kids agree on pancakes..... the waiter comes back.... their out of pancakes.... how that is even possible I don't know we are talking pancakes and Sunday brunch for gods sakes.I asked if we could order off the regular menu and was told NO... i let them know we were going somewhere else for lunch.... what gets me is we like the food at Sedona... the service is usually good... but they would rather have us go somewhere else than order off the lunch menu.... I don't get it.Ill go back...... but not for a while.
2	Great first impression, but that was all. I was greeted promptly at the bar but everything went down hill after that. I asked for Magic Hat which I saw they had on draft, but they informed me they just ran out of it. Understandable. Then ordered a Blue Moon in the bottle instead. She came over five minutes later with the beer and said she had forgotten. Then she asked if I would like a glass. After I replied yes, I was given a collins glass because they were out of cold pints. At this point I've had a menu in front of me for 10 minutes and by the time I was asked what I would like to order I asked for my check and left. BOTH bartenders were too busy taking care of the same group of four people. The menu looked great and the atmosphere was nice, but without good service, and proper inventory, I will not return.
1	Never going back. We went on Mothers Day, never having been here, and not knowing a reservation was needed. We walked in and I was immediately impressed with the decor. The Host asked us if we had a reservation and we said no. He told us they were all booked. Meanwhile the place was empty! We were told they could try to accommodate us but they are fully booked. He was very rude. They finally agreed to seat us in a lounge area outside. It wasn't a table but it was fine. We sat there for over 20 minutes without being even acknowledged. We finally left. I will never be back. From the moment we walked in we were treated like they didn't care about our business. And once we sat and were not waited on that was obvious. This is NO way to run a business. Where is the customer service? If they told us in the beginning that they couldn't accommodate us that would have been fine. But treating us like they were doing us a favor??? Not ok.
4	Food is good and atmosphere is nice!
4	nice atomsphere, little pricey
2	This upscale restaurant incongruously also serves as a video poker bar. We were one of the first through doors at 10AM for the recently introduced Sunday-only brunch. We were greeted at the door and seated at a table for four. I ordered eggs Benedict Oscar style - described as "jumbo" crab cakes on English muffins topped with 2 poached eggs and Bearnaise sauce with sides of grilled asparagus and thick bacon. The only thing "jumbo" was the price tag because the crab cakes were not much thicker than my little finger. My wife chose pain perdu - walnut -raisin French toast with espresso anglaise and whipped cream served with a pair of breakfast sausages. Another pretty ordinary entree. Our server never reappeared at our table after taking our orders and we noticed every other table received complimentary snifters of champagne. Needless to say, her gratuity was comparable to the level of service provided.A rating of 2.5 seems most appropriate.
4	This is my go-to spot when I am in Vegas...They have Happy Hour from 4pm to 7pm and 11pm to 2am....They stay open until 4am on weekend nights...The ambience is cool...The drinks are strong & just a nice lil spot to meetup with my folks to catch up & chill out...LOVE LOVE LOVE that they are on escripdining so that my charity gets a portion of my spending as a donation...They will forever get my business as long as they remain on escrip; just on GP--Yea, sometimes they run out of certain items on the menu--THAT WOULD MEAN THEY STAY BUSY & run out of the good ish that is on the menu...I have never been there for brunch...My staple at this spot is the Mediterranean salad with no meat, the calamari & the oysters!!! BUSINESS EVERYTIME!!!!  Love going here to catch up with the CLICK...They used to have a thing on Saturdays, where a DJ would come in and play some old-school R&B on Saturday nights...I'd come kick it just for that...Haha---It could be a little on the pricey side if you don't go during happy hour time...I was just there on Sunday and the bill for 3 people and an item each plus 2 drinks was about $60 total including tip...Not bad!!!
5	I just got home and couldn't wait to write my review. I took my dad (for his birthday) and mom here, along with a friend. They had never been there before, though they'd driven by it hundreds of times. I booked my reservation with the bubbly, pleasant and helpful Alyssa, who very thoughtfully and professionally made sure our birthday celebration was announced to the management and service staff BEFORE our arrival. *This is an important detail too often overlooked!We arrived and were immediately seated in a great seat. The atmosphere and ambiance was classy is stylish, however unpretentious. Our server Mike M. was sharp, attentive, personable and knowledgeable! His recommendation for the Pinot Noir, though expensive, was spot on and enjoyable. Our salads were crisp, fresh and delicious. My folks had the Caesar to which the kitchen happily added anchovies (no thanks for me), and they thoroughly enjoyed. I had the French Onion soup, though it wasn't crispy like I specified, I still enjoyed it because it was delicious.I had the spinach salad, and it has to be the best I've ever had. I may not be able to order anything else when I go there, (which I certainly will more often). Seriously.comMy mom and friend both had the New York steak & lobster. The steak (according to them) was cooked to perfection, as was the lobster. They were surprised at the quality cause of the great value of the price. My mom mentioned that's her new "go to spot" for steak & lobster. They better stock up!My dad had the lamb chops, which he said were among the best he's ever had. I had one, and I'd have to agree. At first we were disappointed that they didn't have mint jelly, but in retrospect, it probably was fortuitous for us since the chops shined on their own. No additional flavor necessary.We enjoyed our cake with some awesome coffee and tea. They even warm the mugs, which is crucial to the temperature of the water as my tea (which was top of the line) seeped. That's attention to detail!The manager Adam was so kind and cordial to come over and introduce himself to my folks and friend, and give his gracious birthday wished to my dad. This man knows hospitality and clearly runs a well oiled machine of a restaurant. He works like a machine. I don't know what they're paying him, but it's most likely not enough!I can't remember a better experience we've had together than we've had tonight. Thank you kindly Sedona! We'll be seeing you again soon!Sincerely, Chris C.
2	Sunday brunch had us find tons of anxious customers at the entrance standing shoulder to shoulder. Nobody greeted us when we arrived because the entrance / reception area was understaffed. Not a 1st good impression. The food was okay and our server was great. Liked the lemoncello. Nice decor. Be prepared to jockey for position the moment you walk through the door for Sunday brunch.
5	Love this place ! Everyone friendly n good price of food n drink !
1	Just got back from Brunch, had a Groupon otherwise probably would not have gone. This place is trying to be upscale however it  did not come across that way. Nothing was great, very average or below. Very pricey for average food. The server talked fast and three different times we asked her to repeat herself. Anytime you have to remind your server three times to bring the coffee you ordered is never a good sign. What really pissed me off was when at the end of the meal the server brings over a Groupon and said to me" Your coupon expired but the manger said I could give you $15.00 off anyhow. I said ya thats great seeing that even if the coupon was expired you would still be authorized for the face value of the Groupon, which by the way was $15.00. Then I told her that wasn't the Groupon I gave her, ours still had a valid date. She said oh and left the table. I got the impression that this  wasn't the first time the server used an expired coupon and tried to convince the guest it was theirs. This whole thing had scam written all over it. Next time she goes to a table and embarrasses the bill payer she before be 1000% sure they really have an expired coupon. Based on choices, food and service I wont be returning. Obviously others feel the same way as the place was empty.
2	My boyfriend and I stopped into Sedona on Saturday night for drinks and appetizers.  I really love the vibe of this place, the seating, decor, etc., but that's where it ends.  I'll call our waitress Val, which is a shortening of her real name which I cannot spell or pronounce.  We arrived at 11:30 and it was in no way crowded or did it ever become crowded so there is no excuse for the service received.  We asked about Happy Hour and were only told drink specials.  Now that I look at their menu on line I see they also offer food specials, which she never mentioned at all.  They have quite a variety of House Fries so I asked what she recommended.  Val suggested Truffle fries, so I put in my order and she returned shortly to say they were out of them.  First fail.  So I just went with the Sweet Potato fries.  I heard her tell a gentlemen seated nearby they were out of blueberries too.  WTF! At around 1 am she drops the check at our table.  She didn't bother to ask if we wanted more drinks or food.  They still didn't close until 2 am at this point.  This is where it really takes a turn for the worse.  Val completely disappears.  Well, not completely.  She continued to appear on the floor checking on other tables but never came back to us to retrieve the bill or even make eye contact with us so we could wave her down.  Now, we would have left but she had charged us for Truffle Fries at $14 vs, Sweet Potato Fries at $7 so we wanted that corrected.  I finally got my boyfriend to just go to the bar to get our bill corrected and paid so we could leave.  If it was up to me she would have received zero for a tip but my boyfriend is more generous then I am and left her a couple dollars. I don't see a reason that I will ever return here.
2	This used to be the Sunday go to place for steak.  At first, it was great....the food, the service and the atmosphere.  Slowly, over time, the menu has changed, the staff has changed and it's just not as nice as it used to be.  My husband and I went there last night and they took all the side dishes off the menu and replaced them with french fries....huh?  french fries????  They used to have the bomb pork chop...GONE, off the menu.  Also, we must have sat for 5 minutes with no service...no water.  I know 5 minutes doesn't seem like a long time but the place was empty except for a few people at the bar.  We got up and left......went to John Cutter in Summerlin and had a fab meal.  John Cutter will now be the Sunday go to place.
5	Pretty cool place, especially when you just want to relax with some friends. When the weather is nice, the outside area is great- one part has a fire pit. Drinks are a little pricey, so not a place if you're just trying to get wastey pants, this is a classy place people! Didn't try the food when I was there, but the drink selection sufficed.
4	This is one of those places I've passed soooo many times on my way to LVAC and never gave it any thought.  Its looks so nice outside, and I'm here thinking its just another gaming bar.  Boy was I wrong.As you walk up, you notice how cool the red entry door is.  But when you open it, you are absolutely blown away by the decor!!! I'm here thinking its gonna be just another run of the mill bar...nope!! Super classy.  This is a spot you take your first date if you really want to impress her.Didn't have a reservation, and I was severely underdressed (had no clue) but it was all good.  Got seated quickly and just looked around to be in utter shock on how nice this place is! When I got the menu...now I see why this place is so nice. The prices sure do match the decor! lol. I was also notified this was a new menu since they have a new chef...I always love hearing that. Means the food will be on point!Ordered the Our Wings for an appetizer. Those wings are delicious.  Marinated, sauced, and have a great flavor.  They paired well with the craft beer I ordered.  The waiter was very helpful in explaining the different beers they had on tap, and also breaking down all the meals on the menu.Ordered a burger and sweet potato fries.  Really fresh fries, great crunch and flavor.  The burger came on a pretzel bun...made it even tastier.  I'm a big guy...and when I have to get a carton to take my food home? Gotta love it.  I was extremely pleased by the temp of my burger and the flavor.  Great beef flavor without going overboard with the seasoning. There was also a slaw on top of it that gave it that crunch that I'm always searching for. Pure deliciousness.This is a place you must try while you're in the area.  Don't be like me and drive by it 50 times before you stop in and try it. Won't disappoint.
3	Decided to check out brunch...a new offering at Sedona. The patio is beautiful. There is lots of space and gurgling fountains and foliage tucked behind walls to block out the traffic. The brunch menu sounds much better than it is. I ordered the pan perdue (aka French toast).  It sounded so scrumptious toppers with espresso creme anglaise and fresh whipped cream. Well I guess everything melted by he time I got it because I got boring plain French toast. They give you a choice of 2-3 types of sausage or bacon and there is bottomless bloody Mary's, mimosas and screwdrivers for $12. This is a bargain compared to other bottomless brunches. The food is meh to ok. The ambiance is excellent. Service was nice. The were offering house made limoncello as an amuse bouche - not a bad way to start Sunday! Potent!
4	We had a Groupon that was about to expire so we went here last night before a play to have dinner.  I was here years and years ago after it first opened.  It was a breakfast stop on our bike ride.  I hadn't been back since, but I'm glad I came back.It was Happy Hour and our server, Alyssa, told us that all the apps were $8.  Since we were having dinner, we passed on that.  I have driven by often and seen their sign of steak and lobster for $19 available 24/7.  I asked if with the Groupon I could still get the special.  The answer was yes.  My wife ordered the Mushroom risotto.  We didn't order sides because we were both going to get dessert.Alyssa brought the food in a short time and she came back to see if my steak was rare enough.   It wasn't, but not by much and not enough to make a fuss over.  She understood as she likes her beef cooked blue also.  My steak was served on a thick slice of white potato and some fried onions.  My wife's mushroom risotto had several stalks of asparagus on top.  Both dishes were excellent!On to dessert.  Andrea chose the Chocolate royale and I got the lemon pudding cake.  Both were very good.  I'd most likely give Sedona a 3 star rating but Alyssa was such a good server, I've upped the rating to 4 stars.  The place is a bit pricey but I can't complain about the cost of my special.  The two desserts were more expensive than my steak and lobster.This is a place to go to for their special or for Happy Hour.  I'll go back and I'll sit out on the patio.  I liked the vibe inside last night.
2	I couldn't wait to go here. The ambiance is very nice, but much too fancy for kids, the service is for the most part, very good. The food is not my "cup of tea" unfortunately. They call it "delicacy" and I didn't enjoy it that much. I've had better steaks and lobster at casual dining places. The wings was the same story- I pretty much just wasted 4o something bucks. I was still hungry when I left- after eating an appetizer and steak & lobster meal. I'll never go back here! Ever!
5	This is my all time FAVORITE place to meet friends, family, and even bring business clients to!  Although I did attend a holiday business party inside, every other time that I've gone has been to the outside lounge, under the stars, in front of that wonderful fire/fountain.  It is SO peaceful, beautiful and a great place to talk or entertain!  I was delighted, the last time I went, to discover that they had outdoor jazz and half price wine and appetizers. That worked great for my budget, especially since the wine and appetizers were the reason I came. The rest was a perk! I love trying different wines and the appetizers are out of this world!  It can be pricey but it's so worth it.  I think I'll go there tonight .....
4	We tried a few of their appetizers & they were all great. The atmosphere was nice & happy hour was great!
4	The Hummingbird is my new favorite drink and the crab cakes were delish with a little kick to them. Great place for a date night or a girls' night out.
3	I have been here before and still think it is understaffed or ineffective waiter service. The food is great and the place is great for groups or for a romantic dinner. They have a friendly hostess that made the night  better.
4	We came here for a dinner because we had a gift card. I dined here in 2012 and swore I wouldn't be back, but I am glad I gave it another shot. We loved the steak entrees and the appetizers were awesome. When to go? They have regular happy hour and late night happy hour. 4-7pm and again 11pm-2am everyday. Avoid: The Churros. They were the only non-5 star items of our night. They tasted old and were served cold. Try: Cheese Fondue, it was quite tasty. Goat Cheese Salad, One of the best in townMac & Cheese Side, Seriously amazing!!
5	We went here last night to meet up with my boyfriends friend.  It was a beautiful place!  It was cold out so we had to sit inside but from what I saw of the patios I would defiantly want to come back and enjoy them.  It was happy hour when we arrived so we ended up just ordering the $8 appetizers.  The ribs looked wonderful but I didn't try them.  I had the Angus beef sliders and the chicken wings.  The chicken wings were Mediterranean  style and over the top good!  I would definitely go back!
3	Sedona is a good place to have in your happy hour rotation. They offer good drink and food deals, and when it's warm, they have a wonderful outside seating area with fire pit. I will warn that if you're not in dating mode, beware of the dating meet ups they have there. It's why I prefer to go when it's warm and not have to run into that. ;)
1	My boyfriend I have recently moved to the west flamingo area and wanted to try out some new restaurants, and we will never go to Sedona again,nor recommend it to anyone.  First impression, the decor,and I even said this to my bf,reminded me of. Cheesy porno. Everything from the wallpaper,to the drapes and the carpet are a dark maroon,burgundy colour and the seats are a cheap white pleather. We had to wait too long to order our first drink,considering the place was almost empty. When the waitress finally came to take our order,we ordered drinks and an appetizer then asked for a few more minutes for our entre order.  Our waitress didn't come back until our appy was served by someone else,no one checked on us,and someone else to our appy away. We waited forever. Worst service ever! We finally ordered our food and when it came had to get up and ask for silverware and salt and pepper. And to top it all off,the food SUCKED! But fortunately the food was easier to stomach than our waitress who was completely uninterested in anything other than her I-phone
4	I arrived late to meet up with my friends.  We came here for dinner and drinks. We were sitting at the patio and my friends were saying that they have been there awhile and nobody took their appetizer/drink order. I sat down and out came the manager and the server. I wouldn't know about the poor service since by the time I got there, I didn't have to wait for someone to take my order.One got a salad for dinner and everyone else got steak and lobster. I got a bottle of Riesling with my dinner...I could drink at least 3 glasses so, for the same price, I might as well get the whole bottle and share.I actually have no complaints about the service. I was having a fun time with the manager and our server, Mike. But I was with good company and alcohol so, that helped. But if you were in a hurry or a bit uptight then, I can see how the service would suck.Steak and Lobster:Where would you good find surf n turf in Vegas that's under $20? C'mon! This was a definite steal. The portion was just right and you get a bowl of fries. 4/5Nomatter where you sit (outside or inside), it's nice. But since we're a pretty rowdy group especially after a few drinks, the patio was perfect for us. We had the are to ourselves for the first hour. It's a nice chill place. They have pretty good menu items: carpaccio, ceviche, shrimp cocktail, oysters, beets, wings, BBQ ribs, silders, mussels, crab cakes, lobster roll, cheese fondue, meatballs, soups, salads, osso bucco, salmon, steaks, roasted chicken, etc.
2	Been there twice.  Once because of a Groupon.  Service was pretty good except the server cheated us out of some change at the end (a common occurrence we are noticing in the Las Vegas area).  The food tasted good and the setting is cozy, yet kinda cool.  Like an upscale sports bar with better food and not TVs.We wanted to avoid the NYE strip traffic so we went to Sedona with a couple friends this past NYE and it pretty much sucked.  We had reservations and despite arriving on time, had to wait about 25 min. to get to seated. In the meantime we sat at a bar table and it took a while for us to get our drinks.  The bar server told us the beers 2 of us wanted were not available, then the check came out with the unavailable beers listed on it..  I received the wrong drink altogether.  Then we were seated so we asked to transfer the bill as we hadn't ordered food yet.  Our server said it wouldn't be a problem but the bar server i guess wanted her own tip or something cuz she came back saying she "needed to close out" our bill separately.  Yet once we paid she just left the book there with her tip in it.  (Oh yeah, this was after it took her like another 20 min to bring back the change in the first place.)Meanwhile we were presented with additional "pre fixe" menus, then a few minutes later told that they were out of them.  In addition the server told us a few other items on the reg menu they were out of.  Seems very unprepared and unprofessional for an established restaurant serving people on NYE.The rest of the service was fine and all the food tasted very good but not sure if we can get past the above issues.. Feel free to check it out for yourself.  If you have low expectations hopefully you won't be disappointed.
4	I've been here several times and am finally writing a review. Tuesday 1/2 off wine is right up my alley. This includes champagne and by the bottle not just the glass. I agree with others that evening staff seems a little out of sorts or bewildered. I've asked for things in which they say ok only for them to never come back. Once with a group they forgot my drink. The server went to go get it and after 30 minutes (my husband went to the bar to get me one) came back and asked if there was anything we needed! On the reverse end we've been here for brunch and service was great! The patio was super busy and the did great to take care of us.
3	Coming here on Christmas eve was such a bad idea :( Service was not good. The place was not packed at all and we waited for a very long time to be greeted. And when we did get greeted it was from someone either than our server. We ordered the cheese fondue and it was so gritty. I saw the sign outside for the steak and lobster special for $19.99 so 3 out of 4 people at our table ordered it and I wish I asked how many ounces the steak was. It was literally the size of my fork. I was still hungry after my meal. Won't be coming back.
4	This past Saturday we revisited Sedona Lounge for dinner. We arrived shortly after Happy Hour started and were pleased that the specials were available whether you sat at the bar or in the dining area as we have found other restaurants only offer Happy Hour prices if you sit directly at the bar (yes, you learn after the first unexpected bill to always ask!). We sat in the dining area which was very comfortable & relaxing and it never got overly noisy as some places can be during Happy Hour. Our server was very helpful and attentive giving very accurate descriptions of the plates were interested in trying. Since appetizers were half price during Happy Hour I opted for the Crab Cakes which had nice chunks of lump blue crab and a tasty chipotle remoulade sauce.  I was very pleased as there was very little breading & mayo but still had a nice crunch to them without being greasy. I'm assuming they were pan seared then baked. I also ordered the Pacific Oysters which I also enjoyed with the exception of their cocktail sauce as it tasted a bit sweet like ketchup with some horseradish thrown in. My husband ordered the Filet Mignon Meatballs which were very tasty. He gave me a bite and they were excellent. I'm very particular about meatballs but I would certainly order these for myself. The seasoning along with the tomato sauce was just delicious. He also ordered the Angus Sliders which he said were also very tasty. My dinner selection was the "Catalan" Seafood Stew that had shrimp, scallops, clams, mussels and whitefish over steamed white rice in a roasted red pepper & tomato sauce.  I thoroughly enjoyed it especially dipping the crusty sour dough bread in the sauce. YUMMM. My husband ordered the 8oz Filet Mignon butterflied and cooked to order which was tender while still being cooked well done as requested. I am very impressed with Sedona--the relaxing atmosphere, service as well as the delicious items we've tried so far. Even though it's a bit of a drive for us it's certainly staying on our short list of restaurants to visit again.
4	First let me say I work in fine dining.I love the crazy cheap happy hour food and drinks at sedona! I bring my work friends in for cocktails and small bites!The brunch is amazing! The food is REALLY big and often 4-5 of us will split 3 items! I'm obsessed with the funky bar lights and I can't wait for spring when the outside is open and weather appropriate! The greenery and gentle fountain sounds make for a perfect lazy Sunday day drunk!I only gave them 4 stars because they don't offer as many steak cuts as they used to and I'm a carnivoir!
4	The location is conveniently located off the 215 and Flamingo (Northeast corner) with ample parking. The decor is modern and creates a classy atmosphere. There is also an outdoor patio surrounded by large trees and enclosure, so you don't have to stare at the freeway. I had been to Sedona Lounge 3-4 times, mostly for drinks and a couple times for dinner. They were all fine experiences, but nothing brought me back in the last two years.Now it seems they have more incentives - Daily Happy Hour (4pm-7pm and 11pm-2am): All appetizers are $8, bottled beers are $3, and well drinks are $4; Wine Tuesdays feature 1/2 off all glasses and bottles (there was also a painting class yesterday); free cake and cocktails (up to a $20 value) on your birthday; $20 off your bill on Saturdays with your Sedona Rewards card; and Sunday Brunch (10am-3pm).To celebrate my friend's birthday, he and his girlfriend chose Sedona Lounge for their H/H and Tuesday wine specials. We all took advantage of the specials with wine (bottles and glasses), beers, appetizers, and their $19 Steak and Lobster special (4 oz filet mignon and 4 oz lobster tail; offered "all day, every day"). My friend also received a nice layered chocolate mousse cake for his birthday.My selection of dishes for the evening:Cured Wings ($11): confit and cured chicken wings tossed in ranch dressing and sriracha, served with feta cheese, red onions, and cucumbers. "NY" Carpaccio ($11): Striploin, wild baby arugula, freshly-shaved Parmesan, crostini, and truffle sherry vinaigrette.Filet Mignon Meatballs ($10): Filet mignon meatballs served in tomato sauce with crispy potatoes.Calamari ($13): Calamari steaks lightly fried and served with a tomato caper sauce.The wings were definitely the best appetizer choice! The sriracha, ranch, and feta cheese are a delicious combination. Really awesome flavor. The meatballs were also really good and we loved the sauce that accompanied it. The carpaccio was just okay (truffle flavor was a tad overwhelming) and the calamari was a shrug. Although the food was a hit or miss, the specials are reason enough to return! Also, everyone was really nice and accommodating, which made for a pleasant evening.
2	Not a fan. The waiter raved about their seafood - how it arrives fresh daily and is great. Hence, we ordered some fish. (-_-) We ordered the calamari as an appetizer and just by the look of it, we already knew it was a disaster. The calamari looked like scrawny chicken strips and tasted like a flavorless, rubbery, unknown protein dipped in batter. I ordered the pungent salmon that the waiter recommended & it was absolutely disappointing, to say the least. It was exactly that. Pungent. -_- Extremely fishy in taste and smell, and under-seasoned, much like the fish tacos that my friend ordered. Their Greek steak salad looked okay/good, but I wouldn't go back for it. Much better places around here to dine in.
4	Great! If you are en route or returning from Red Rocks Canyon, lunch here is delicious and reasonable. Steak sandwich and beet salad were spot on. Restaurant also has a casino at the bar.
5	Just have to get this out of the way now, but our meal was FAN-FRICKING-TASTIC!  We arrived and instantly loved the atmosphere.  Kind of modern, kind of hip yet kind of classy.  Waitress was attentative and very pleasant.  I ordered the chicken with mashed taters and asparagus.  The waitress raved about this decision and said it was wonderful, which excited me.  Wife ordered the filet with mashed taters and brocolli.  The chicken was fabulous.  Skin was left on with lots of seasoning and then covered in this butter/lemon sauce.  I could almost drink the sauce, but there was people around, so I held off.  Wife enjoyed the filet even if it was slightly more pink than she wanted.  But then, we pretty much traded plates about half way through and enjoyed the meals just as much.  It was fantastic.  Even the taters were epically good.  We just found our new place to go to when in Vegas.
2	Went to Sedona Lounge for Valentines day just because it was close and we had never been. While we waited I read alot of the reviews and was starting to feel a little uneasy as the reviews were all over the place. Finally we were seated. Server seemed to know her stuff but after we ordered and waited 35 minutes for meal I was starting to lose trust. After she dropped off our food we didnt see her again for another 25 minutes so no refilled water glass throughout the whole time we were there. The Steak I ordered was pretty good with only a little bit of grisle so I was pretty happy with that. So now that I finally got a good steak in my tummy I wanted some dessert to follow it up with so I ordered something I thought would be quick which was the shake. 35 minutes later I flagged down our waitress who was at the bar talking to other servers for the last 15 minutes and I asked if she could just put it in a to go cup. From the time we got there till the time we left it was almost 3 hours. The place only gets the first star from me because the steak was actually good. The second star is because the place is really nice looking. Thats it though it really has nothing else going for it. Its like looking at a hooker, pretty on the outside but it really doesn't have a soul.
4	Honestly, I really like this place. The decor, atmosphere and the food not to mention the well crafted martinis! The outside patio is also really great on cool spring/summer nights. Can't wait for that!
1	Slow service with a large group. And very poor management. Our group had an issue with the check, and the manager "was too busy to come out and talk to us." That's not customer service.
3	Came in for happy hour with a girl friend. The beer on tap was cheap but the food wasn't amazing the calamari was bland and the sauce wasn't good. The wings were ok but tasted a little chewy. The bartender was really nice. I probably won't be back though
4	It didn't start out well: we came armed with an old but unused restaurant.com certificate, and the hostess said they weren't taking them anymore. Restaurant.com usually notifies us when places bow out, and there were no signs posted at Sedona, but a quick meeting with the manager got us a waiver, so we were led to a table. But it was freezing, blowing AC right onto my neck. We asked to sit outside, but we're told there was a private party commandeering the whole patio. Not true, but more about that later. Once we were moved to the back part of the restaurant, things began to look up.  My food usually tastes better in beautiful surroundings, and Sedona gets aces for that.  Loved the super-comfy white leather (or equivalent) swivel chairs on wheels.  Our waitress was great, coming back multiple times until we could decide what to order from what, to us, was a fairly limited menu.  We were starving, and munched on some decent bread with a delightfully crisp crust and house-made honey butter while we debated.I started with a Blueberry Lemon Drop, very refreshing and very healthy ;) with the addition of the 6 fresh blueberries.  Herb had a craft draft, and our server brought him a taste, since he wasn't all that familiar with IPAs.They have a $19 steak and lobster tail special, and we decided to get that and the salmon and share both of them.  Herb had the steak (filet mignon, which rested on a slice of potato) and I took his lobster and gave him most of my salmon.  The salmon was a very small portion, but cooked properly - I ordered it medium.  It was served with sauteed spinach and what was supposed to be garlic mashed, but it was pureed, not mashed, and tasted totally devoid of garlic.  The spinach would have been great, but seemed like it had been soaking in a salt bath.  The waitress had the kitchen cook up a new batch with just a touch of salt, and brought us a large portion.  The lobster tail:  is there such a thing as TOO tender?  It kind of had the consistency of being pre-chewed.  I sure can't complain that it was tough, but I thought it a bit strange.  The taste was good, though, even if the texture was weird.I've upped my rating from three to four stars just because of the very great service from our waitress, whose name on the receipt I won't even attempt to pronounce!We skipped dessert, since our favorite froyo place is right next door.  But as we were leaving, two women accosted us right outside the front door and invited us to come back for the comedy contest that was being held in that patio that was off-limits for our dinner.  We walked back after our yogurt and joined the group on the patio as a bunch of raunchy comedy wanna-be's did their schtick and faced off against each other.  Some novices, some more polished, all of it fun.  And free.  I love Vegas!
4	I give this place 4 stars but it barely makes it. I went with a friend of mine at around midnight and it was the most awkward thing because it has a very romantic setting. Bringing your girlfriend here would be best. I wouldnt go here with your guy friends unless you sat at the bar or on the patio. Onto the service. The service was great making only one slight error by bringing us two waters but I cant complain, its a desert out here. I forgot my servers name but he did a great job. He gave us multiple suggestions and was spot on with how they prepare the food.Finally the food. I ordered filet mignon meat balls for an appetizer. They had a great taste although the sauce that came with it was a bit weak. They're also tiny so I wouldn't share them with someone. Next I had a caesar salad. It came drenched with a light parmesan but it wasn't overbearing. It actually made the salad to be honest. I only say that because the dressing was weak and was way to light for my liking. Croutons were above average as well. Next I had the I believe it was an 8oz (don't quote me on it) filet mignon with mashed potatoes and broccoli.  The steak was cooked nicely except I asked for medium rare and it was rare. No big deal I don't mind a rare steak.  The sherry wine reduction was a perfect compliment. Simple and sweet. As for the cut itself it was pretty decent, tender as you'd imagine. Potatoes were average as was the broccoli, but I finished my plate. I don't know if its because of the food or how hungry I was, either way its a rare site. My friend got the prime rib with a side of garlic mashed potatoes. They weren't true garlic potatoes but the cut was decent and the flavor was spectacular. The creamy spinach was the best I've had in awhile. For dessert the waiter suggested the fried ice cream claiming it was the best in vegas. Thats a bold statement to make my friend. I had no choice but to get it haha. Although it was eloquent and once again nicely plated the crust they fry it in was disappointing. The caramel and shavings of white chocolate really made the dish stand out as did the strawberries they serve it with. The ice cream was decent. Best in vegas? No but he did his job and sold me on it. The royal chocolate cake and I hesitate to say cake because I cant remember the exact name of it was very very good it came in layers of dark chocolate and I believe it was on a pie crust don't quote me on it because I didn't order it but trust me its good. I had a cup of decaf coffee with dessert which left me pretty satisfied. All in all its a decent restaurant and I think I ended up paying somewhere around $60 for myself. Not bad but if they made some simple changes this place would be perfect.The plating and menu choices are what give it a 4 stars that and the service.Would I eat here again?Yes.
5	Love this place.  Rich red velvet curtains, vintage chandeliers, White leather chairs with rollers. Ambiance very high end. Simple elegance. I started my meal with the Mussel appetizer...wow..the sauce was a mixture of sherry and chorizo....the taste was the best I've had in years. I also had a Ranch Cesar salad and Steak Sandwich.  The steak sandwich was delicious but there was so much gristle in the steak it was hard to eat, The waitress gave us a free desert on the house because of it, so all was fine. Hubby had the Tuna Panini with apples and grapes, His Fries were really crispy and all in all the meal was great.  It was our first time having fried ice cream and it was a perfect ending to our meal.  The Bathrooms were immaculate and well stocked. Our waitress was very pleasant and had alot of great suggestions.  We will definitely go again soon.
2	Ive been here a few times is its nearly in my backyard. Its always been ok, but in the  last few times (over the last year) its really gone downhill.  The food is good, a solid 4 stars, but the service is terrible!! The last time we went we took my parents and my inlays, a party of 6 (aka instant 18% gratuity) waited 15 to have our order taken, 35 for the food, then an additional 10 for mine, because as our waiter put it, the new training chef knocked it over.  Well hey it would have been nice to know as the others food was brought out so they didn't sit waiting for mine.  Then another 15 min for the check!! The wait staff constantly is socializing at the bar, be prepared to wait and wait!  The only redeeming qualities are the good food and its decorated nicely, with a gray our door section.
2	I went to a party at Sedona over the weekend. It was a cute place I liked the decor. We order a lot of appetizers off the happy hour menu. The Tuna Ceviche was very water, flavorless with little tuna and the chips looked like some sort of sea urchin that were bland and too light to be considered a chip. The Cured Wings were good. Not spicy like promised but the feta on top was a nice touch. I don't like when places try to get all fancy and throw in words like Confit or Cured to church it up. It's fried chicken wings people not French cuisine. The Calamari was nothing to write home about and the dipping sauce was just so so and super skimpy. The Roasted Red Beet salad was the worst I've ever had. The beets were sliced very thin and put on the bottom of the plate then the salad in top. The beet was like a fruit rollup but mushy and you could barely taste it. The salad was flavorless and I didn't detect any dressing. The Shrimp Cocktail was a joke. It was $8 on happy hour menu which makes it $2 a shrimp. I couldn't imagine paying $11 for this on the regular menu. For dinner I ordered the Short Ribs which were really good but for $24 the portion size was laughable. The Salmon was pretty on the plate but flavorless even with the sauce. The Ahi Filet looked like pork and that was also flavorless. Last but not least the Lobster Rolls were dinky as all get out. It was cold lobster salad on toasted bread which was also flavorless. I will never return that is for sure!
2	I haven't been here in over a year because I moved away. What a disappointment coming back. From the sloppy "uniforms" to the holier than thou attitudes. There were 3 people I remembered who made a great impression: Lenny , who is still there and makes the best drinks, Dani and Whitney the cocktail servers. Who aren't there but should be. The menu changed again, which wouldn't be so bad if it wasn't served up by cokeheads! This place is a disaster, my order wasn't taken correctly. The only good things left about this place are the ambiance and Lenny's drinks. Don't waste your money on the overpriced food!!!!!!
5	I give it 5 stars for the great service with matching quality of food. Each order of food was cooked and served very promptly. Didn't even wait 15 min for each meal. Server was very informative and polite. Drink refills were on point. Sedonas has a great atmosphere with beautiful features. When I went it was too hot to enjoy the outside patio but next time I will. Very nice place to go for an amazing meal. I will be coming back. Nice ambience, great service, amazing food. What a great trifecta.
2	I used to be a regular at this place for their happy hour menu. Their NY beef carpaccio was one of the best items on the menu, and the atmosphere was very modern and clean ambiance. Then they changed their menu and returned it back to their original menu once more once the previous change did not go so well. Their chicken wings went from savory to dry and just plain horrible tasting. On my last visit me and 2 friends entered to be seated only to find our host talking at the bar with the bartender. When we got his attention to sit us down, he reluctantly came over and while leading us to our empty silverware-less table slapped the surrounding table and chairs playing around like a giant man child. When we asked for silverware and menus, he came over with 2 extra menus, 2 extra dishes, was missing a fork, and 3 extra knives. Like seriously it isnt hard to count dishes and silverware for 3 people. Later when we wanted a water refill he was always either at the bar talking or setting up empty tables and literally dropping more silverware on the floor. The most horrible host i have ever had in my life period, he was a Spanish looking guy probably in his 30's. Our waiter who knew we were regulars on the other hand was amazingly nice and perfect, he was a young white guy probably around the same age and greeted us and even explained the menu and remembered what we usually ordered. I would give this slowly failing place 1 star if it wasnt for our waiter redeeming our incredibly childish hostess. Sad to say this was the last time I ever went back. I rather pay double elsewhere now.
2	Honestly the food was incredible!  I had the lobster and steak with a side of mac and cheese.  Also the app of the meatballs.  The steak and lobster although small portion was absolutely delicious.  But what killed this rating was the service.  Our waiter was a bit short and then became rude.  Near the end of the evening we could not even find him half the time.  And at one point he was blatantly ignoring us and flirting with the bartender even going so far as to take her picture while we were attempting to flag him down.  He forgot that my friend has asked for another glass of wine and did not bring it until the end of the meal thus causing the cost to be more as it was past the happy hour, even though she ordered it within the happy hour time.  I would go for the food but the service was terrible and may cause me to not go back.
2	Order the lobster and steak, the steak was the size of a sausage party and the lobster tail was over cook and finished with three small bite!  Will never return!!!
5	Just had a few drinks at Sedona Lounge. Elyssa my bartender was great. She got our orders right away and was very nice. She made us feel right at home. I will definitely come back.
3	Friendly and attentive staff, bartenders are knowledgable about drinks, ticket time on food is very reasonable. Sliders are a little greasy and the cheese fondue is mostly a bowl of chopped up bread but the calamari and oysters are pretty good considering not a designated seafood establishment.
2	I keep driving by this place for years and finally gave it a shot. Place is beautifully decorated in and out and their chairs are very comfy other restaurants should take note of that. So we place our order and the appetizer (beef carpaccio) comes out speedy fast they were a little heavy on the dressing but it was fine whatever. So we get our entrees I had the salmon which the waiter recommended and said it was awesome which I thought otherwise.... it was ok.. the greens underneath the salmon were not edible there was so much salt that in spit it out. So I'm looking for the waiter and he can't be found. This guy kept disappearing WTF!!! The place was nearly empty! So he takes my plate back to the kitchen comes back 10 min later with the fish that was on the plate he took back! So now my fish is cold but the rest of the plate is hot! Long story short definitely would NOT go there again!! Food mediocre at best service really sucks!!!Spent over 80 bucks and left aggravated!
2	The place is pretty, and comfortable to sit and have a drink, but the food is terrible and service even worse. I would only go for a drink. The tuna didn't seem fresh, the salmon was bland, and the green vegetables were so salty we had to return it and have them remake it. Well they took the whole plate, and remade the greens, but put back the original piece of salmon which is now cold. They should have remade the entire entree. The beef carpaccio was decent,  but nothing to rave about. So many other better places to go this place will definitely not be  on my "regular" list
1	Ok, it was so bad I just got up and walked out....  Let's start at the beginning.  Walked I. With a date and stood at the host station for 5 minutes without being acknowledged.  Finally walked to the bar to ask if we should seat ourselves.  Bartender said to seat ourselves and she would send over our server.  At least 10 minutes went by before my girl asked a passing busser/server for a menu.  Still another 5 minutes before our server showed up.  He was obviously in a hurry and took our drink order.  At least another 5 minutes before they came.Let's step aside for a second.  It's Friday night and we saw lots of staff.  4 servers at a minimum.  Also, finally saw the hostess.  She got up to seat a group after they had been waiting 5 minutes.  Where from you ask?  At the bar where she stepped away from a glass of wine for a moment.Ok, so we are now 25 minutes in and he's never come back to take an order.  We never got water or silverware even.  I finally walked over to the service station where he was on the POS system and just told him to bring our check.  Worst experience I can remember.  Only plus side?  He at least had the decency to tell us our drinks were free.
5	Had the steak n lobster special!!!! Can I just say.... There's a reason they don't have salt n pepper on the tables cause the food is DELISH!!!!!!!
2	Stay away from the surf and turf! Unless your ok with the surf portion being one shrimp and a tiny scallop. Food was average to ok.Best part of this restaurant was the restaurant cool setup. Wouldn't come back to eat maybe just a cocktail.Didn't really feel like I got my money's worth.Hostess was all over the place and having a drink at the bar on duty. Also when we walked in she was on her phone. Not really professional.Server was good. Wouldn't come back unless I was going to have a few drinks late night.
4	I was impressed by the Pinot selection and the food was impressive to say the least. Very relaxing atmosphere and the general manager was extremely well versed with the wine selection and brought us out off menu selections to try. Highly recommend for a nice relaxing evening or a date
3	The food is good and the atmosphere is great. Quiet, nice, romantic restaurant where you can go for a great 1st date. Unfortunately, our server seemed to be a bit of a rush to end her shift and go home. We ordered desert after dinner and half way through it, she took the liberty to come and take the plate away without even asking us if we were finished. Then she brought the check to us without even bothering to ask us whether or not we wanted to order anything else. To be fair however, the rest of the servers were rather nice. I'm taking two stars away due to the poor service we got from this one waitress.
3	Food...eh Pricey for average food although they try to make it an upscale experience. Wine/drinks good. Service excellent.  Heard happy hour is good 3-6p, 11p-2a.
4	The 4 star rating is based on my previous visits to Sedona (which have all been superior). Moving forward I will rate each time individually.  If I was to base this off of my last visit I would have to give it a two star rating.  The Service:Hostess:When we walked in, no one was at the hostess stand. After waiting around for a few minutes she finally comes by and didn't even greet us with a smile.  She looked more annoyed to be at work. Watching her throughout the night she seem to give everyone the same response.  It must have been a bad day.Waitress:After being seated, the waitress didn't come over for a good 5 minutes.  She said she would be right back and then another 10- 15 minutes lapsed before she returned.  The waitress took our order, our appetizer come out, then she came back to our table to ask what we order for the main entree because she couldn't read her own writing.  We waited another 15- 20 minutes before our main entrees was served.  She did ask if we wanted another drink. My date answered yes, only for her to forget 30 seconds later (the main dish that she forgot to write down was also my date's order).  Due to the waitress inattentiveness and the lack of attention span, my date questioned the waitress's sobriety. I will admit that the waitress was very nice, but it must have been a really, really off day for her as well. Food:I ordered the 14 oz Ribeye.  The flavors were great, however the quality of meat was so-so.  It had a tendon going right through the center of the meat which made the meat tough. If it wasn't from that I would say it was one of the best steaks I've had in a long time.  If you like a steak with a real punch of favor and heat this is the one for you.  My date had the striped bass.  I've been here a few times with her, and we went back to Sedona because that is where she requested to go.  Not once has she asked for any salt or pepper until this time.  She has had this same meal there in the past and loved it. This $100 experience was not what we expected due to previous experiences in this restaurant.  However, I will chalk it up to an off day for whole staff and it wont deter me from going back.
4	Nice ambiance, romantic, a great date spot tucked away from the strip. It's got a classy vibe, and also a nice place for girls night out. Their outdoor patio has a burner fireplace. I'm not sure about the food, but the bartender was very attentive, and the drinks were OK priced. I'm thinking average of $6-$7 for a cocktail. I will definitely return again.
4	This is a pretty good place, especially compared to the area. The reviews seem a bit hit or miss, but it's been good the two times I had dinner. Bartenders were friendly and attentive. I've tried some starters, the risotto and the seafood stew. All were good to very good.  I'd go back just for the stew - generous variety of seafood and a nicely spicy tomato sauce. Prices are maybe a little high for what you get, but not too bad. If you're in the area and want a good meal, stop here. I like the ambiance - cozy lighting and modern furniture. There  is video poker on  the bar which takes  away from the ambiance, but hey - it is Vegas and Sedona does advertise as a gambling location also.
4	Great happy hour menu. I dig the ambience. Always a great option for food and drinks! The beef carpaccio and prices all around keep me coming back for more!
