4	WOW is all I have to say about this place. You walk into the lobby and are greeted by a pleasant concierge, and a beautiful waterfall on the wall. You get in the elevator and view the flatscreen TV that is in there for your viewing pleasure. This is definitely the type of place that will wow people. They boast a rooftop pool area with a giant flatscreen TV and fireplace. The pool wasn't as big as I've seen in other complexes, but really, who's looking at that when you are seeing everything else they have to offer. My one downfall here is the "2 bedroom" unit we were shown was not technically a two bedroom. It was a one bedroom with a den area that didn't have a door. Which may have been weird when the rents come and visit. But the floor to ceiling windows lining your unit's hallway may make you forget about it.
4	This is a pretty sweet place to live--if, that is, you can afford. It's definitely one of the pricier condo/rental places in downtown Charlotte, which is saying something since there are like a million such places. The Avenue seems worth it, though: it's like brand-spanking new, with incredible amenities: nice gym, awesome communal pool/bbq area (great for parties), and an incredible lobby/entrance area, complete with lounge area and fountain display. There's always doormen on duty, and they're really nice and helpful, as far as I can tell. As for the apartments themselves, they're really nice. High ceilings, granite tops--that sorta thing. Most of them with incredible views of Charlotte and the surrounding area. One thing that's annoying: there's always a ton of people on the elevators, so simple errands take longer than you'd expect. Also, the parking deck is kinda a hassle.
4	Looks like a sweet place to live. I have a friend that lives here and he showed me the amenities area on the 10th floor and it is awesome! He has a one bedroom and it was plenty of room for us to hang out and watch some football. I love the flat tv's in the elevator and lobbies. Considering buying here?!?!?
4	So, my good friend was looking to move uptown. After pricing several spots, he discovered it actually was cheaper per month to buy than rent. True story.I have several friends who live or use to live in The Avenue. All of them love(d) living here. If I could afford it, I would move in here. But for now, I'll gladly share a three bedroom townhome just outside of uptown with my roomie.The location is killer. You are walking distance to everything uptown. If you work uptown, this is perfect for you. The concierge at the front desk is super friendly and helpful. Gym, clubhouse and outdoor are all amazing. The pool is kind of small. You are allowed two guests per resident. However, the bbq and outdoor seating area is just tremendous. Great place to have a get together.The elevators are kind of slow. Sometimes it feels like you are waiting forever. Parking can be an issue for guests. The Fifth Third parking garage is convenient, but you do have to pay. There is street parking in front of the building that is free after 6pm if you can snag a spot.There are some great restaurants and bars on this block... Cowbell, Dandelion, Basil and 5Church just across the street. There's a cemetery across the street where several people  jog and walk their dogs. Sounds kind of creepy, but it's a nice area with sidewalks and benches. Avenue, maybe one day I will call you home. But for now, I will settle for the title of frequent guest.
5	Simply the best place to call home.  All the amenities, cool vibe, great pool scene, 24 hour concierge service, same day laundry, dedicated parking, secure entry.  HOA reasonable.  What's not to like in condo living?
4	I stayed at Avenue Uptown when I was in Charlotte for business. If I have the opportunity, I will definitely stay here again. Location was central to everything I needed (business) and everything I wanted (pleasure). Close to a lot of great restaurants and a short walking distance to two different offices that I spent time in. Parking was easy and convenient. I didn't use the car at all while I was actually in the city, but the building was very easy to find and get myself situated.  I was staying in a two-bedroom unit. I can't speak for the view from every unit, but the view from mine was a great view of the city. With floor to ceiling windows, you can't miss it. Plenty of space with a nice open floor plan for the main living area. Access to the building was interesting to get used to, but if I lived here all the time I would appreciate the super secure entry. As well as the concierge. They were always pleasant no matter who was on shift. There's a gym & outdoor space accessible from the 10th floor. Though I went to check it out, I never used the gym. And it was a little cold to hang out on the deck, but it looked like a great space to hangout during the summer. If duty ever calls me to Charlotte - whether temporary or permanent - Avenue Uptown would be on my consideration list.
