4	I do not like the hair services here. The manicure was ok, but the pedicure was heaven, overlooking the mini lake/terrace. Actually all there salon services are heaven. I wish I could come every month. I have had a few facials and a massage. The rooms are fit for comfort and relaxation. Sometimes the service isnt the best and you can tell they are only being nice because they have to. Except for one girl, I am going to butcher her name, something like Wakima. Sounds like that anyway. She's great but is not always available when I am.
5	I had a facial with Jennifer and it was fantastic!  She used all proper techniques and overall it was a very relaxing and wonderful experience.  Would definitely recommend this spa for anyone living or vacationing in the area.
4	I have enjoyed 2 massages here enjoyed both very very much. Jill was the one who gave me a swedish massage and she worked me over! I don't remember the othe ladies name but she did a more mild type of massage. The only reason for th 4 not 5 stars is the appointment setter told me 2pm and told Jill 1:45 so she was a bit ticked I was late. AS IF... I'd be late for a massage. I can't rate any other service as I have not had them. For a great massage call Labella!
1	I prepaid for a 90 minute massage and only received 70 minutes.  I was cheated out of 20 minutes (10 minutes at beginning of massage and 10 minutes at end of massage) by Kim Albrecht.  I do not recommend LaBella Salon & Day Spa at 1055 W. Queen Creek Road, Chandler, AZ 85248.  If you decide to take a chance and make an appointment for a massage take your own watch to make sure you are getting what you paid for.
5	been going to heather for 11 years she does a fabulous job she knows her hair like know other top notch job every time
5	My wife Andrea, is a regular. She gave me a 90 minute massage surprise appointment for Father's Day. It was one of the best I have EVER had and I have had over 100 massages. Raquel, the therapist, hit trigger points that released so much pressure I became totally relaxed. I will be back again and again! And it was the full 90 minutes.
5	I absolutely love LaBella! The facility itself is gorgeous, with one half being dedicated to hair and nail services, and then a tranquil spa on the other side, it is the nicest salon and spa I've ever been to in the valley. The staff and owner are incredibly friendly and outgoing, and when you walk in the door, you feel like you're enjoying a 5-star experience and are treated as such. Plus, they sell Kerastas products which are super hard to come by and absolutely the best hair-care products on the market (trust me, the price is worth it!). Oh, and make sure to book a pedicure and ask for Wendy- she's a doll and the view over looking the lake is fantastic! Then stop by for some Grimaldi's Pizza and wine downstairs when you're done. Yum! Love this place!
5	Love this salon! Every service is terrific and all the people are wonderful. I get my hair done by the fabulous Britnie Hennesey and massages by Raquel. Always very pleased with the results. Always feel great after.
1	If I could give zero stars to this place I would!  I will NOT step foot into the LaBella Salon again!  My color was DISASTEROUS!!!  My appointment was with Heather.  OMG!  I sat for over 2 HOURS with color on my hair & when we parted it for a cut, there was a quarter of an inch STILL grey!!!! Ugh!!!  She never offered a smidgen of sympathy!  She immediately applied a darker color & stripped me of all if the blonde I had!  I was in the salon for 4 hours w/out lunch & my head STILL stings!!!  She totally ruined my hair.  The roots still are not covered & when I went elsewhere in tears, she looked carefully at it & found areas that had turned green!  I'm sorry...I don't complain & I always find the best in others.  THIS TIME I CANNOT!  DO NOT GO THERE FOR HAIR!!!!
1	Do not go here! I got a decent haircut and then when i went back for a coloring. Staff really unprofessional and will not help eachother. I asked for a red all over color and I got black hair with blonde stripes!! When the girl obviously needed help she got no help from her coworkers and they just shrugged their shoulders when I left. Oh well was their attitude and owner takes no responsibility.  I stopped in another salon after leaving and was told I would need to cut my hair because they melted my hair. The girl just kep putting more color on it to try and FIX it.  Appears other people in the reviews are having same issue. Nice atmosphere but stylest has no clue and of course overcharged also from what they quoted me when I sat in chair.
5	OK so I have been reading the reviews about LA Bella I think its funny how people like Brenda l & Lori s have nothing positive to say about any place they have been I'm surprised they are not on yelp complaining about there relationships as for me I love this place and the staff are all professionals ya know what I'm saying lol
4	I have been going to La Bella for years after a friend referred me. Overall, the staff is extremely professional and take very good care of their clients. Booking is easy, and the receptionists are always respectful and knowledgable about services/products. I've had a few services, including a facial, massage, and hair cut/color/style, all I have been  extremely pleased with. Britnie is simply the best when it comes to a hair stylist. I've gotten to the point where I literally do not trust anyone else with my hair. I've had a cut/color/glaze/style with her and I have been incredibly happy every time. My only criticism is that the owner, Wendy, couldn't care less about customer service. If she is going to advertise that she is the owner of the salon on the website, the least she can do is smile at the customers when they walk in, maybe show a little appreciation towards the good-paying individuals who are paying her bills. Instead, all I've ever received is a glare here and there. Overall, I would recommend La Bella a million times over. Highly pleased.
