5	Amazing food.  If you are up for spending some of your winnings - this or SW (another great restaurant in the Wynn) is the place to go for a "nice" dinner in Vegas.  It is not cheap by any stretch.  The braised short ribs were phenomenal.  The portion sizes are what you would expect (small) but you can always scarff down some late night grub at the $100 dollar a night hotel you are actually staying at.
4	Excellent food and wine. The braised ribs were not as great as I expected, but good.
4	Tasty tuna tartare appetizer, but in my neverending quest for great steak frites, this was just average.  The actual steak was surprisingly tough even though I ordered it medium.  The service was great and the staff was fantastic to our bachelorette party.  The menu had a wide selection of entrees so there was plenty to choose from...  But honestly, what is up with the giant singing frog outside of the restaurant?
3	Pretty good value here. They offer a 3 course menu for $48 before 7pm. I didn't have it, but people who did enjoyed it. I had the snails and pork chop, which was a little dry.Excellent service. We ate outside on the terrace which looks out onto a waterfall. At one point, there was a 10-min sound and light show involving it - unexpected and surreal.(PS. if you order a steak medium, of course it's going to be tough)
1	The food here is horrible.  I went here for my bachelor's party with 2 of my close friends. We shared the ahi tuna tartare served with a cucumber yogurt (bland), crab salad (too much crab not enough acid/citrus or any other flavors for that matter), pate de campagne (so-so), braised short ribs (tender, but the sauce resembled that of A-1--so thick it looked like molasses), and the DB Burger (too large, impossible to eat like a regular burger, bland, and served with the soggiest 40 dollar frites ever.).  Definitely not going back.
5	We had a wonderful meal here.  The service was terrific, the food was amazing and because we sat on the outside patio we also got to enjoy the occasional light show on the Wynn's "Lake of Dreams."We had the ceasar, duck confit, steak frites, chocolate souffle and the rocky road profiteroles.  The only thing that wasn't stellar was the profiteroles dessert.  Everything else was perfect--espeically the duck and souffle!Get a table outside and prepare yourself for a great night!Note:  If you want the prix fix menu, ask ahead about until what time they serve it.  Everything we saw said a different time.
4	Very solid, though a bit overpriced.  I was there on an expense report, so it didn't make me cry, but there are perks to the place.  The wine list was good, and I was happy to see one of my favorite inexpensive wines (Cosentino's Cigar Zin, yum!) on their list.  The food was above average, but the service was excellent, and we never had an empty glass.  The desserts were decadent, and definitely the best part of the meal. I'd go back on my own dollar for dessert, and I don't have much of a sweet tooth.  Also, this is THE BEST view of the water/light show at the Wynn. We had several banquette tables that faced over the water, and watched 2 runs of the light show.  Thoroughly entertaining, and it's nice to know that you have a special view while you have a good bistro meal.
4	The service was excellent. Louis the sommelier recommended fine pairings to go with each course we had ordered. Our waiter was friendly, unobtrusive and informative.We started with a beet salad for me -- WONDERFUL -- and a five cheese sampler to share among the three of us. Our friend Lew had one of the special of the day, a petite filet with short ribs. When the entire contents had disappeared, I dared him to lick his plate, but he ended up cleaning the plate by sopping up the good saucy stuff with bread. So much for my trying to incite inappropriate behavior at fancy restaurants ;)The Boyfriend had duck confit to which I helped myself liberally. The skin is perfectly crisped to a pale golden, and the flesh was perfectly juicy, flavorful, and light. This duck was sublime, perfectly done, perfectly presented, tasted fantastic. I had the steak frites, that standard bearer across which to normalize all french dining experience. My first choice would have been the short ribs, but just two days before I had made braised short ribs for myself at home, so was looking for something different. In retrospect, I wish I'd ordered the pork chops wrapped in bacon instead, because really... how much more shameless can you get than wrapping one pork product in another? I must not have been thinking clearly.In any case the steak was perfectly done, with a little dollop of tarragon butter. I picked out the crispy fries but the softer ones didn't really do it for me. We wrapped up by sharing some sort of orange-sicle-esque dessert which was heavenly paired with a muscat. Perfect ending. The only reason why I'm giving it less than five stars is because I think you can find food that is as good, with similar flair and ambience for less money. Cost is definitely an issue here, so if you're on a budget there are restaurants that you might enjoy more. But if cost is no object, then there's no reason not to dine here and enjoy a great meal.Oh, I just remembered seeing the prix fixe portion of the menu, I think it was three courses for 40 bucks before 7pm (but don't quote me on the price... it was reasonable, regardless). The selections looked tasty, definitely something to try.
5	An easy decision for a great dining experience.  I went with a group of nine and we had a blast.  Towers of seafood were fresh and tasty.   Caesar salad is one of the best you will find!   Most importantly, two words: short ribs.  Melts in your mouth, cooked perfectly, amazing.   A terrific meal.
4	Sitting on the terrace of the restaurant is great except for that crazy light show they have at the Wynn, it is so out of place.  The DB Burger is definitely interesting to have once but I probably will never order it again - didn't really taste the short ribs and the foie was overcooked and definitely didn't taste truffles.  The fries were really good though.  The pork chop though was super yummy.  BF said the bed of lentils was a bit salty but still the pork chop dish was yummy.  Beet salad was good and the pate was not bad also.  The hazelnut parfait dessert was okay only.  Overall not a bad meal but nothing spectacular.  It's probably more like 3.5 stars.
5	I treated my foodie parents to dinner here -- their choice after some intensive research and on-line menu viewing.  I thought the overall dinner was excellent.  I started with the onion gratinee which was very delish.  Maybe I could have done without it considering the portion of the meal to come, but I was glad to have it anyway.  My dad had the beet salad and really enjoyed it.  For our entrees, my mom and I had the DB burger -- after all it was a specialty for Boulud.  I wasn't quite sure what to expect -- a burger stuffed with short ribs AND foie gras?! We were both pleasantly surprised with all of the different flavors -- not your average burger! I asked if I cold substitue veggies on the side for a healthier option and they said they don't do substitutions.  The french fries were so yummmmm, so I guess that was okay.  :-)  My dad had the veal chop special that was served with chanterelle mushrooms and spring veggies.  It was so tasty and tender I had almost wished I had ordered it as well.  Although we had stated how full we were after our entrees, how could we resist dessert? I ordered the chocolate tart -- the best of the bunch.  My dad had the baked alaska and my mom a sampler of ice creams.  My dad raved about the chocolate sauce, but the rest of the dessert was just all right.  Overall, it was a great dining experience and I would definitely go back. The interruption from the outdoor light show was a little weird.  There was a little malfunction during the show, but when we saw it in full we thought it seemed a little cheesy.
4	I have to agree with Jen C that the light show is out of place for this restaurant or maybe the Wynn itself. Seems more fitting for Universal Studios and not the Wynn's first rate persona.Getting back to Boulud, we had a very good dinner here. Would be nice if they enforced their dress code alittle but non-the-less it was enjoyable.My wife started out with 6 oysters (3 and 3 East/West) and I had the Steak Tartare. Both were very good.Our entrees were Duck Conti (nice crispy skin and moist inside) and the Pan-Seared Tuna Steak. Again very good.Service was also very good and professional.The 4 is because though the meal was very good, it didn't WOW us and the annoying (to us) light show. Just glad we weren't seated on the patio.
5	Daniel Boulud bears a passing resemblance to Bouchon, but there are differences.  Both restaurants have an informal, relaxed feel, but Daniel Boulud is slightly fancier.  Both serve simple food, but here too Daniel Boulud is slightly fancier.I ate at Daniel Boulud shortly after it opened, and there were a couple of service lapses - nothing dramatic, but annoying.  By the time I returned, service had improved, so I ascribe the problems to growing pains. There are three different areas in which to eat: an informal lounge; the main dining room; outdoors, overlooking a lake.  The same menu is offered in all locations.  When the weather is nice, I'd opt for outdoors.  The atmosphere is relaxed, there's lots of greenery, and once it gets dark there's a modest but interesting light show on the water.  When I was there, a giant frog, with huge eyes, sang "What a Wonderful World" - in Louis Armstrong's voice, of course.**Meal #1I started with an appetizer of roasted beet salad with blue cheese, endives and walnuts.  I'm not a big beet fan, but wanted something light and this sounded interesting.  I'm glad I ordered it.  The dish consisted of wedges of red and white beets, a puree of blue cheese, endive leaves, and some walnuts that were slightly crunchy - a fine combination of contrasting flavors and textures.For the main course, I had oregano braised veal cheeks and sweetbread schnitzel, with carrots and broccoli rabe.  The sweetbreads were served as a fried slab with a crunchy coating; very good.  Now (drum roll please) on to the veal cheeks.  Wow!  Tender, cut-with-a-fork, full of flavor, with a rich sauce.  This is one of my favorite dishes in recent memory.Finally, dessert was a warm milk chocolate fondant, with vanilla ice cream.  This is a dessert with a crisp cake/cookie-type of shell, filled with a milk chocolate and hazelnut paste.  It was excellent.**Meal #2I had heard good things about the Danish Smoked Salmon appetizer.  What I heard was correct.  It was very smoky, chewy yet soft, and not too salty.  Creme fraiche, minced onion, capers and some green accompanied it.  Very good!My entree was the day's special:  osso bucco.  It was extremely tender, falling apart, with a rich sauce.  On the side were small pieces of zucchini, yellow squash, fingerling potatoes, and some leafy vegetable.  Also very good.The bill (with two glasses of wine, tax and tip):  somewhere around $100 - I didn't write it down.**Meal #3The meal started with Pate de Campagne Forestiere: a large slice of moderately coarse pate, served with thick toasted slices of country bread, small pickled vegetables, and a little mustard.  It was very rich, although not so overwhelmingly rich as some pates.  Very good.My main course was Crispy Duck Confit.  This consisted of the leg quarter of a duck, the meat rich, soft and strongly flavored, the skin crispy/crunchy.  Surrounding the duck were several varieties of mushrooms, in a dark sauce.  I used some of the breads provided (sesame semolina; country; baguette) to sop it up.  This is another excellent entree.Finally came Cocoa-Crusted Profiteroles.  Three round pieces of pastry were studded with bits of dark chocolate, filled with rocky road ice cream, with bittersweet chocolate sauce.  Now, I'm not much of a fan of rocky road ice cream, but my opinion might change.  This version was delicious, with chunks of very dark, rich chocolate.The food was almost as good as my first meal here and, given the smoother service, was even more satisfying.  The bill (this time excluding drinks, tax tip) was $58.
5	Though not as true, by definition, of a "Brasserie" as Bouchon is across the street in the Venetian, Boulud's is fantastic. Some may find it more entertaining then others due to a sometimes silly sometimes cool movie/water light show that challenges any conversation every half hour. After my dinner, I was kind of torn....but I wasn't there for the show.Boulud is into braising right now and of course his latest book is on this greatest of cooking techniques. I put my money down on a braised shank. My girl bought into the squash soup and lardon salad. We started with the steak tartar and opened a bottle of 04' Torbreck "Descendent" Shiraz from the Barossa Valley. Now one might think that the wine had something to do with the 5 stars, but alas, try as you might, no one can knock the food movement going on in Vegas right now. Cheers to Boulud for stepping in and making it even that much better.
5	This weekend in Vegas, my friends and I came here for dinner based on a very high recommendation. They have a great deal on the prefixed meals - your choice of appetizer, entree, and dessert from a select menu for only $48. Considering we were in a fancy shmancy restaurant in the fancy shmancy Wynn Hotel, this was definitely a bargain in my book. And if you can't tell, I'm not really a fancy shmancy girl. Earlier that day, my friend and I were discussing the term "brasserie," where comfort food should [ideally] be done well. So I figured, what's more comforting than roasted chicken? Mr. Boulud passed my test with flying colors; my palate was very pleased with the simply prepared chicken breast that was perfectly savory and succulent atop creamy potatoes. I also had a taste of the delicately buttery Loop de Mer, another option on the prefixed menu. Another great dish was the pork trio (roasted pork, ribs, and sausage) though it was on the regular menu. For my appetizer, I had the liver pate. Being Vietnamese, I love pate (especially in VC sandwiches), so this was perfect for me. Served with really cute pickled sides and soft wheat toast (see pictures), I devoured it in 5 minutes flat. Unfortunately, it almost made me too full to eat my yummy entree. Heheh, almost. For dessert, my peach clafoutis would have been much better if they didn't top it with ginger ice cream...I hate anything with ginger. However, the milk chocolate parfait was deliciously rich and chocolatey. To top it off, we caught Wynn's light show. Strange but somewhat entertaining. Then again, it's probably more for the fancy shmancy crowd.
4	The food is good.  The patio was closed for no particular reason, it seemed (inclement weather, yet the patios for other restaurants in the Wynn were open).  The highlights for me were the raspberry / pistachio tart, the pate, and the halibut--all food that I didn't order.  I had the loup de mer which was aiight.  It was good but fishing it out its own broth was gross and difficult.  Someone who ordered the signature "db" burger, which is stuffed with short ribs, said it was probably the best burger he's ever had in his life.  So there you go!
5	A group of 4 of us had dinner here. Overall the service and food were absolutely great. We began with the Plateau, a great dish of you like seafood. Everything was fresh and complimented each other well. I had the chicken, which was fantastic. Others had the halibut, the filet, and a special, the beef duo. Everyone seemed to love what they had. The desserts were great. I loved the raspberry-pistachio and others loved the sorbets. Just a great place. Easy viewing access to the lake and the show that comes on every so often as well.
4	i don't particularly like french ________ (women, men, airline, wine, kiss), and i especially don't have any affinity for french food except for french fries and french toast.  when i booked a table for bachelorette party dinner for 10 girls at daniel boulud, it never registered to me that it was a french restaurant.  i read every single yelp review and looked up the menu before hand, and was sure i made the best choice.  after all, the restaurant was at wynn, the most extravagant hotel in vegas.we arrived at 6:30, and were seated promptly at their terrace outside, facing the beautiful landscape with waterfall and man-made lake surrounded by trees.  this was the most beautiful restaurant i've ever dined in!!!  their 3 course prix fixe meal was offered until 7pm for $48 (very un-french), and many of us opted for it.  we also chose a bottle of white french wine to go with our dinner, upon recommendation by the sommelier.  our attentive waiter brought out my 1st course, caesar salad, and it was the best salad i had.  i also tasted chilled potato soup with leek, and it was quite tasty as well.  the 2nd course was loup de mer (sea bass, and this is when it hit me that i was eating french food).  it was nicely pan fried with the skin on, sitting atop some mashed potato and cauliflower.  the fish was really moist and light, and it's garnish with pine nuts was not over powering at all.  my 3rd course was a finger size hazelnut chocolate cake with mango sorbet.  the sorbet on top of chocolate cookie crumbs was extraordinary (this coming from a person who doesn't eat tropical fruits!).although all dishes came out in small portions (now that's very french), i was very satisfied with my meal and did not have that "sh*t, what a waste of money" feeling afterward.amidst all this loveliness, we had to witness the most disturbing and grotesque water show which was displayed every hour.  how distasteful for a restaurant like this and for a hotel like this.  it was almost an insult!!!  please, GET RID of this.overall, it was a very pleasant experience to me and my party of 10.  i would definitely come again for a romantic dinner or celebration.
4	Grabbed an early dinner here before taking off for the airport.  Getting a reservation the day-of wasn't a problem for a 6pm dinner....though that was about a year ago.  I ordered the duck and it was sooooo yummy.  Everyone else really liked their orders as well.  I am a big fan of DB Bistro Moderne in NY, so I expected a good meal when I walked in the door....Daniel Boulud Brasserie did not disappoint.
2	I'm going two stars. Sorry Dan.Had our meal ended after the appetizers (and before the "Water Show") I might be inclined to give it five.As it stands though, the waiter upsold us on entrees we  didn't need, telling us our apps "won't be enough." Not sure what sort of behemoths he thought we were, but clearly he thought we had been without food for weeks.Then the show started. Wow. That was hideous.
4	Beautiful romantic location. The food was what I expected it to be, perfectly cooked (I had the halibut, my hubby had the braised short ribs), very well seasoned and balanced. The dessert (raspberry pistachio Bavarois tart) was nice as well. But I have to say, what really made Boulud's Brasserie for us, aside from the fact that the chefs in the kitchen really know how to cook, was the service. We got good wine recommendations and even the GM came by to ask us how everything was. They also had us out in time to make it to Spamalot.What didn't make it for us unfortunately, was the weirdo water show. What was that all about?
5	Amazing!!I came here on my birthday with my main man. The server and waitstaff were awesome, very attentive, and weren't trying to sell us the most expensive things.We ordered a bottle of wine after having a glass, and the recommendations were perfect. We started with cocktails and the 3 cheese plate with nuts, dried fruits, and honey. It was excellent.Next we had the lobster/mango salad and I really liked this. Perhaps my favorite part of the dinner, but it was all so very good. The lobster was a great portion, chunks of rich, succulent meat topped with watercress (?am i right on this one) and ribbons of mango with a great citrus vinaigrette. Light but perfectly flavorful.Then came the main courses, I had the swordfish with shrimp. It came with  a couscous that had a perfect texture to compliment the richness of the sauce and lightness of the fish. It was delicious. My boyfriend had the trio of pork and he said it was excellent. A great portion and enough of each to enjoy without being too much or too little.I couldnt believe I could eat any more but when they brought the chocolate souffle for dessert, I surprised myself. Another delicious plate!The dinner went smoothly thanks to the great care the server took in making sure the courses were timed well enough apart and small things to make the evening go fabulously without any chance for complaint.Oh.. but I can always come up with something!and this is really a peeve I have with anywhere fancy or not: I HATE THE TABLES TOO CLOSE TOGETHER!!! We were literally sitting a foot away from the table next to us. That is just too close for me, and I don't enjoy being packed in. If  the people they brought in next to us had been there before we sat down I would have asked to move. Tables this close is just rude.OH well DB, the rest was so fantastic, I can overlook it.But they've REALLY got to do something about that water show. Maybe it wasn't put there FOR the restaurant, but there are restaurants on both sides and they're really suffering for it :(Excellent dinner, a 5 star experience! And truly this place is great on the value. I mean, we definitely shelled out some dough for this dinner, but for what we actually got, we could have done much worse. For that, see my review of Postrio!
4	The $32 OG NY DB burger alone here was worth every penny and experience! It's obscenely big and it was meat overload even for a meat lover like me. But I wasn't complaining! I dined at Daniel Boulud Brasserie with a bunch of people and was able to sample quite a few of the dishes. The Roasted Beet Salad was an excellent starter and so was the Moules Frites (steamed mussels). I was impressed with both size and the presentation of the entrees for this restaurant. The Trio of Kurobota Pork was my favorite... and it wasn't just because they served pork belly was one of the trio! The entire plate was done well and it was wonderfully prepared. Dessert was really really good, too. Out of the Passion Fruit Panna Cotta, Chocolate Hazelnut Napoleon and the Warm Pear Clafoutis, the clafoutis was hands down the best dessert.  The water show during the dinner was nice, too.
4	$48 bargain prix fixe menu at a One Michelin Star restaurant (avoid Caesar Salad).I was surprised when we were seated out in the patio without being asked.  It was a bit too chilly if you weren't under a heater and if you were under the heater, it felt like your forehead was being scorched.  The only plus side of sitting outside is that you get a good view of the light/water show but I prefer comfortable temperatures and food that does not get cold after a minute on the table.We requested to be reseated inside which was quickly accommodated.  The three of us each ordered one of the 3 options from each course of the $48 prix fixe menu (available before 7pm):PUMPKIN SOUP huckleberry coulis, spiced marshmalloworCAESAR SALADheart of romaine, avocado, parmesanorPT DE CAMPAGNE FORESTIREhomemade pickles, country breadSCOTTISH SALMONdelicata squash, black trumpet mushroom, tarragonorTHE ORIGINAL NY DB BURGER9-oz. sirloin burger stuffed with braised short ribs,foie gras, black truffle, parmesan bun, french friesorDUO OF ORGANIC CHICKENbraised haricot vert, southern grits, natural jusWARM PEAR CLAFOUTISspiced orange marmalade, almond ice creamorCHOCOLATE HAZELNUT FONDANTnougatine crunch, coffee ice creamorSELECTION OF SEASONALICE CREAMS OR SORBETVERDICT:Appetizers:Pumpkin soup was my favorite - silky smooth, nice contrast of flavors and textures.  Pate was solid and presented beautifully with an array of pickled vegetables.  Caesar salad was boring and overly sweet - containing none of the characteristics of a good Caesar salad like garlic and anchovy - and way too much croutons.Main:DB Burger was a letdown - lacking flavor and on the dry side.  The fries were the best part - seasoned with fresh herbs and garlic.  The chicken stood out, especially the breast which was probably cooked sous vide so that all of it's own natural flavor and moisture was retained.  The salmon was solidly executed.Dessert:Coconut and mango sorbets had strong flavors and smooth mouthfeel.  Fondant was dense and intensely chocolatey.  Pear clafoutis was brought hot from the oven.  The sweet pear made the dish too sweet.  A tart fruit like raspberries or cherries would have given the dish a better balance.http://www.danielnyc.com/dbbrasserie/_pdf/menu.pdf
4	My first visit to the Wynn! Really excited to be there and eat here. On you way in be sure to watch your step the colorful tiled floor is a sight to be seen. Dinner was good, the service was outstanding. My girlfriends were late but the kitchen was closing so I sat down and ordered a glass of wine for myself and food for all. The waiter I think his name was Mike, was so helpful in ordering and very cool... making small talk w/ me as I waited for my friends earns major tippage points, especially when other people are looking at you might be making up the fact that you have friends that are late. The food was all tasty, not amazing but tasty....and presented nicely. I think the best thing I had was some carmelized cauliflower. Maybe we didn't order the best items.  We primarily ordered seafood, salads and the tomato/goat cheese tartine.  So the water show...much debate here, it's weird cool, more Six Flags than 5 Star but I found it entertaining especially after a few glasses of Sancerre, waiting for my friends , I SWEAR they are coming!!!
5	Oh.My.Gosh.YUM.To celebrate my mom's birthday, we headed over to the Wynn on New Year's Day for dinner at Daniel Boulud Brasserie.  A reservation was made a couple weeks beforehand so the wait in the soothing bar area was quite short.Luckily, we were seated right by the window.  GORGEOUS view of the lake of dreams and the waterfall they've got with a show every 30 minutes.  We had barely briefed the menu when the sommelier swung by to help us pick out a really tasty bottle of French wine.  For the life of me, I can't remember the name of it.  Sucks to me. Oh well.My aunt started off with a caeser salad, my mom had the beet salad, and my dad opted for 6 raw clams while the boy and I shared the tasting of 5 (delicious) cheeses.  The waiter rattled the names of those cheeses off too, but of course, seeing it is the theme of this entry, I can't remember the name of those either.  OH BUT THEY WERE GOOD.  The fig bread and candied walnuts were good compliments to the cheese and the wine we were having too!Now on to entrees!  (which were delivered by our waiter, a different guy annnd the manager, who checked up on us while we ate.)My aunt ordered the Swordfish a la Plancha that I had been eyeing.  It must've been real good because she finished off that sucker (before I could even stick my fork in for a taste!) and sat there with a huge smile while the rest of us worked on our meals.  :)Mom was craving the Moules Frites.  She let me taste one of those magnificently plump mussels, and WOW I can honestly say that it was better than the mussels I remember tasting when I went to Paris in 2004!  The pomme frittes she had too were seriously scrumptious -- AND addicting.   Dad feasted on the Braised Short Ribs.  WOW.  The bite he let me have was soooo incredibly soft.  Ha!  I swear I just smiled dreamingly right now thinking about how good it was!The boy really really wanted spaetzle, and although it wasn't the kind he had in Germany, his Trio of Kurobuta Pork made him a very happy and satisfied camper.  After a debate between the Filet and the Crispy Duck, I ordered the Crispy Duck. Thank God because GOOD LORD IT WAS EXCELLENT!  Super crispy on the outside and wonderfully tender on the inside.  I think everyone at the table was thoroughly content with their meals, BUT WAIT!  There's ALWAYS room for dessert!  The folks and aunt split the Molten Chocolate Cake served with Vanilla Ice Cream.  Bitter and sweet -- what a duo. :)  I think the dessert the boy and I ordered though totally beat theirs out.:  the Rustic Apple Tart for Two served with Cinnamon Ice Cream!  Ahhh!  Oh so goooood!  Okay.  I need to quit writing about the food.  So let's talk everything but the food.  I already mentioned the lake of dreams and the waterfall.  Outside the window was also an outdoor eating area that looked like it would be a great place to sit if it weren't winter.  If i ever did go back there over the summer, I'd want to sit out there.  And yes, I said "if i ever did go back", BUT only because there are just so many great places to eat in Vegas that I'd have to explore some more!  The wait staff was real friendly and the place was not pretentious at all. :)The only minor complaint I had about the place was that our waiter was so busy that I had to call him over two separate time to refill my Aunt's beverage.  Gah!  That was a long review.  Sorry!Okay, now go eat here.  IMMEDIATELY.
4	You need only remember three words when you visit this restaurant.  Braised short ribs.  You will never taste anything so divine anywhere else.  The meat is so tender that a gentle nudge from your fork is all you need to begin your journey to heaven.I only gave 4 stars because we discovered during our second visit to this restaurant, which was during August last year, they were using white wine to braise the meat instead of red wine!  What a difference.  The chef was going for a 'lighter' taste and it just did not work as well.  The dish was still delicious and it's worth ordering, but once you've been spoiled with the original red wine version, it was a little disappointing.  Maybe the chef will realize that you can't improve perfection and go back to the red wine.
3	I had such high expectations of this restaurant.  i have watched all of "After Hours with Daniel", grew up in NJ/NY area, etc.  The only negative is that the previous night I had gone to Picasso... which i knew would set the bar high for DB Brasserie.Other than the very odd waterfall show at the Wynn every half hour, the decor and environment at the restaurant is nice.  All of the tables inside are close to the window so you're guaranteed a nice view.  The food though left a lot to be desired.  I started with the pumpkin soup, which was alright but not memorable.  The biggest disappointment was my entree, the DB Burger.  The DB burger is one of three signature dishes from Daniel so I had such high expectations.  The burger was juicy but a little overdone, i couldn't taste the truffles, and the accompanying fries were lukewarm.  The pear clafoutis was a nice end to the meal, arguably the best dish of the meal.  The service was okay but it suffered from not having one primary point of contact.  You have a waiter, but at some point during the dinner at least 5 people were serving/talking to me.  I wouldn't go back to DB Brasserie, I think for the money you can do better elsewhere.
4	$48 hamburger... I must seem like an idiot...but this hamburger was THE ORIGINAL NY DB BURGER (9-oz. sirloin burger stuffed with braised short ribs, foie gras, black truffle, parmesan bun) served with french fries. I actually got the prix fixe menu for $48. It comes with a few choices, but I got the caesar salad (heart of romaine, avocado, parmesan), the burger and for dessert the warm pear clafoutis (spiced orange marmalade, almond ice cream). Although it was a nice meal, I don't know if I'd be dying to go back to eat the burger. It was really good for the first 2 or 3 bites but after that the foie gras and truffles were too overpowering. It was as if the foie gras and truffles were fighting for power in my mouth. The service was good. The water show on the lake was really weird with ugly images being displayed every hour. It's a fancy schmancy restaurant with good and expensive food. Here's their menu:http://www.danielnyc.com/dbbrasserie/_pdf/menu.pdf
4	i'd like to give this place 5 stars because my food was DELICIOUS, but i won't simply based on price. it's very very very expensive. but then again, it IS vegas, and it IS in the luxurious wynn hotel. so this is to be expected i suppose. anyway, i had the prix fixe menu for $48 which isn't too outrageous but if you order off the regular menu, the highly touted 9oz sirloin burger with foie gras, short ribs, and black truffles will set you back at least $30 as i recall. i did not order this burger but 3 people at my table did and i managed to grab a bite. it's QUITE tasty. $30 tasty? perhaps not. but delicious indeed. for my meal i ordered the pumpkin soup, salmon, and chocolate hazelnut fondant. all were excellent. the pumpkin soup is one of the best pumpkin foods i've ever tasted in my life. and i've had a lot of pumpkin foods since every time i see pumpkin on a menu i gravitate towards it. the soup was just so flavorful. god, i could have had a whole meal just of that. the salmon was tasty but not anything super special. but the chocolate hazelnut fondant was really really good. i love hazelnut things and this was just top notch. it was tiny and i thought i was getting screwed but then i bit into it and it was so dense and rich that the small portion was just adequate. overall, a pleasurable dining experience. i just wish it didn't cost so much.
4	The prix-fixe is a deal for a one star Michelin restaurant. For $49 each we tried to pumpkin soup with melting marshmellows and the pate forestierre, the unctuous short rib and truffle burger and coq au vin, and for desert, the tart and the chocolate.  Impeccable service.  The wall of waterfall display is mesmerizing, though the bit with the Asian woman's face projected on it with the tendrils of vines is weird weird. Apparently, to get a window seat on the show, you have to get seated at 5:30 pm.
4	i believe i have been to almost all of daniel boulud's restaurants by now. this one also did not disappoint. in fact, it made me very happy. we had a feast! artisanal cheese plate was to be expected - good. i had the prix fixe dinner menu, plus a few other dishes (haha).the foie gras and pate were both excellent. but it was served colder than i am used to. is this a new phenomenon? was it because i was in the desert (las vegas) or ... am i a complete foodie novice? someone please tell me the answer - i've usually had both foie gras and pate served at room temp. i had jidori chicken coq au vin. it was very tender - some parts were juicier than others, and the white meat didn't seem like it was braised in the wine, which i found to be a bit odd. i rounded off the meal with a pear clafoutis - which was warm, not too sweet (in fact a bit on the tart side) and satisfying. my friend's chocolate fondant was very decadent. i'm always up for a meal at any one of boulud's restaurants and this one was very satisfactory! since i was channeling my inner vixen in the city of sin, i chose a rosee wine called "femme fatale" - and it was honestly one of the best rosees i have ever had.
3	I tried this restaurant a very long time ago, so I'm not sure how the food is now, but when I went in 2005 the food wasn't what I expected from a Daniel Boulud restaurant. Living in NYC, he's a demi-god when it comes to food, but he obviously wasn't in the kitchen (I checked), and the food wasn't all that memorable.We ordered a few of the more French dishes like crispy duck and I believe the chicken. Again I expected a bit more, but then again expectations are always high at a Daniel restaurant. Next time I go I'll have to check out the prix-fixe special as well as the famed burger that I might just go to the one in NY for.
5	Daniel Boulud, I am a fan so my review is just a little biased.  The restaurant is basically an upscale, Vegas-fied Brasserie.  The usual items like steak frites, tomato tart tatin, and a few shellfish dishes are of of course staples.  Definitely try the shortribs.  If you don't like shortribs, well too bad.  These shortribs are excellent.  I'm a huge onion soup fan, and this is one of my favorites that are readily available.  You can surely tell that the broth isn't quickly assembled, and has been layered and simmering for some time.  Ahhhhh.  Truthfully, the service can be spotty and for what you're paying, you should expect just a little more attentiveness.  Is it enough to turn me away?  No, I'm going back.
4	Yes, yes, yes! Come for the food and stay for the show, because the more champagne you drink and the later it gets, the more weird everything becomes. Awesome!I broke every Vegas protocol--I showed up on Superbowl Weekend unannounced with a bachelorette party. Am I totally insane? And guess what? We matching-boa-ed quintuplets were gamely seated at the best booth. Who's feelin' lucky now??The food was amazing (the truffle/ foie gras burger bien sur!), the champagne list dreamy, and all the while, we looked out onto that man-made pond and rock wall waterfall. The shows began! Hilarious, over the top, ridiculous! What a perfect Vegas dinner of decadence and entertainment. Quite the hoot for a big, drunk party.All I can say is, keep your eye out for the frog! :)
4	3.5 stars, rounding up to a somewhat generous 4.  We went early for the prix fixe - 3 courses of some of the more renown dishes for $49.  The atmosphere is sexy and sophisticated, like the rest of the Wynn. We were seated promptly out on the patio. I highly recommend this option if weather permits. You're seated directly in front of a somewhat large lake, and you can see patio diners at the other restaurants. The highlight of this experience is an acid-trip of a water, light, water and animatronic show that will blow your mind (especially after a few strong and spicy bloody marys or other libation).  Starter was pate. Presentation was excellent- small, brightly colored pickled vegetables with a GIANT serving or pate. Also served with warm bread. The pate wasn't as rich as I'd hoped, nor as decadent. It did have a nice smoky flavor though.  Onto the DB Burger. Don't be deceived by it's relatively small size. The burger melts in your mouth, with all the delicious richness that you'd expect from foie, short ribs and premium beef at once. I finished only half. The burger was divine! The fries were disappointing- neither crispy nor firm,  they were a bit mushy and lacking any flavor. Dessert was two scoops of homemade rocky road, and dark roast coffee with a complementary chocolate. Ultimately, it was a good all around experience. Service was efficient, etc. With all the unique and inspired restaurants in Las Vegas though, I doubt I'll revisit. Even with the prix fixe tab came to $200 with 2 drinks each, coffee and tax and tip. Not outrageous, but for the price, I've had better.
1	The food itself is good, but nothing close to the DB in NYC. The DB burger is something to try if you've never had something like it. The view of the faux lake and the light show are great. I have been to enough michelin-rated places to come to expect a minimum level of service. Daniel Boulud did not come close. At first we thought it was our waiter or just our table. But the more noticeable things became, the more we noticed that other tables had similar issues. Several of our drink orders were forgotten and had to be requested for a third time. The table next to us with a different waiter had the same issue with another glass of wine. Half of their table was sharing a bottle, and they were refilling glasses themselves as no staff was around. The food servers did not know the order of the plates. You would think that they would be good enough to rotate one place once the first plate was wrong. But nope, they couldn't do that since the plates weren't brought out in order anyway. Went something like seat 1, then 4, then 3 and back to 2. Ridiculous. No simultaneous plating. Another table was sharing the steak for 2, and it wasn't cooked to their request. My water glass remained empty for half the meal and I had to request a refill. Then the server comes back and starts to refill my wine glass with water. And makes a joke that it's the third time it's happened that day. Maybe it wasn't and he was just being funny, but by the way the service was up to that point, I'm pretty sure he was serious. If this were a lesser establishment, maybe I wouldn't expect near perfect service. But if you receive a michelin star and promote yourself as a fine establishment, your staff should at least be competent.
4	I've been to Daniel Boulud three times now, and each time has great. The guy is a genius and I really think it transcends into the product. Check out the wynn website and look at some of the photos of where the restaurant sits on Wynn property. Its a pretty amazing dinning experience and you should try and reserve a table outside on the lake rather than in the dinning room. Try the braised short ribs. They're perfect! You should also spring for the wine pairing or at least talk to the Sommlier about helping you pair.
1	A complete disappointment. The service was TERRIBLE - we were completely rushed, the waiter was rude, and the food was overpriced and mediocre. The first course (lobster bisque) came with a lot of flourish which was unfortunately limited to the presentation, not the palate. My steak was overcooked (I ordered it blue, it came back medium well) and then when the new steak arrived, it was undercooked.When our waiter tried to rush us through our cocktails, I instructed him to come back so we could order wine with dinner. He then came back, took our wine glasses off the table (despite my telling him we were planning to order wine) and never offered us wine service again. Steak without wine, in my book, is a minor tragedy!My dining companions enjoyed their meals, but it was not worthy of the Daniel Boulud name nor the price tag.  A full week later, and I am still disgusted by the poor service.
4	I absolutely loved this restaurant. My dining experience here was so close to perfection. We had our first dinner here, and after a long day of travel, we were hungry (and you don't want to mess with six hungry Asian girls). If it's a warm night, make sure to get a table on the terrace. It is so beautiful and the water show is so much fun. It's a little strange and quirky, but after a few drinks, it is awesome entertainment. There was a table full of middle aged folks next to us, and at one point, a couple got up and started dancing in the dining area. Our dinner had turned into a party :)This restaurant is elegant, and feels warm when you walk in. The servers were very nice, but they are SO busy. It took them a while to get to our order, the the food came out fast after we did get the server.Great cocktail menu, even better dinner menu. I highly recommend the Hamachi Cru - it is thin slices of Yellowtail with an avocado puree, orange slices with thin slices of a baguette. The portion size is pretty generous, and it is absolutely delicious. For the main course, I had the pancetta wrapped Halibut. It was very flavorful,  moist and cooked perfectly. It came in a green pea puree with other seasonal vegetables. We were too full for dessert, but the menu looked SO good. Also, the Wynn looks like a fabulous hotel.. I'll have to stay there on my next trip :)
5	I had a GREAT time at Boulud, my steak was one of the best I've ever had, it was like butter. They have the weirdest show outside on the water. We were staying at the hotel all week and my husband kept saying he saw something moving in the pond. I thought he was nuts but when we sat down the whole thing erupted in sound and movement. Totally trippy. Oh and they have one of the prettiest women's bathrooms I've ever seen. I think I have more pictures of that than anything else on my whole trip.
4	I get it.  $32 for a burger at Daniel Boulud.  I get it.This is a burger like no other.  Imagine PREMIUM ground beef stuffed with foie gras and short ribs.  Perfectly seasoned, perfectly cooked, perfectly placed on a perfect brioche bun with perfect condiments.Okay, we didn't quite pay full pop for the Boulud Burger. We dined before 7pm and ordered the 3-course prix fixe menu for $48.  What an incredible deal.  Soup of the Day (chilled pea soup), Special Caesar Salad or Pate served with toast points, various pickled vegetables and mustard.  Salmon or The Boulud BurgerThere were several dessert choices.  The husband had the sorbet (coconut lime and raspberry) and I had the pear clafoutis.Everything was absolutely delicious and worth every penny of our $48.We also had the hamachi tartare appetizer ($18). It was slightly under seasoned for my tate, but super fresh and flavorful and served with mashed avocado.The decor in the restaurant has a classic feel, but is also modern with rich colors. The lake of dreams is visible from all parts of the restaurant, not just in front of the floor to ceiling windows.  The husband found the oversized paintings of roman statues a little disturbing in the back room, but overall it had a nice ambiance.If you walk to the restrooms, you can catch a glimpse of the prep station in the kitchen.  Nice, clean restrooms, too, btw.  I really liked the sinks...Excellent experience overall.  Service was pretty good, but sometimes felt a little rushed.Dress code is casual elegant - nice jeans are acceptable, but no shorts, t-shirts, tank tops, tennis shoes or flip flops.
4	I had a great time even though I kept spilling sauces from my seafood tower and made a mess of the white tablecloths.  Sit outside so you can enjoy the water show.  Probably the strangest "free" show in Vegas.  The food and service was good.  I'll be back on my next visit for sure.
3	Getting a table outside provided us a great view of the Wynn waterfall - an experience unto itself. Every half hour is a new show, with projectors on the building turning the waterfall into a 3D drive-in movie screen, complete with smoke, lasers, and enough special effects to run a KISS concert.For an appetizer I had escargots. In the past I've had escargots once or twice. Both times, I recall, the escargots were very bland and covered in a butter sauce to give them some flavor. Since DB had the Michelin star and a prestigious chef's name on it I expected something awe-inspiring. Wrong. The escargots, in their unidentifiable green sauce, were flavorless. I wanted to whip out my hidden salt shaker and pepper mill and make the little brown blobs in a green puddle taste like something, anything.The Caesar salad, however, tasted much better. The dressing was perfect, light, and applied just right - not drowning the lettuce, not missing from the plate. The only setbacks with the dish were oversized croutons and avocado slices I couldn't do anything with.For an entre I had the NY DB Burger - a 9oz. sirloin burger stuffed with foie gras and black truffle. The burger tasted good - nothing more, nothing less. The flavors were great, and the burger was a little cold, but it tasted like a good burger. Eating the burger required a well thought out strategy. The burger was too big, and the bun (which had more seeds than an everything-bagel) was bothersome.The fries accompanying the burger were cold, but were the first thing I had that I could say tasted great that night. Everything else from the meal was either forgettable or painfully memorable. The fries were perfectly crispy on the outside and tender on the inside. The trio of dipping sauces was helpful, and the mustard (yes, mustard) was the best mustard I'd ever had.Overall I walked away from the dinner thinking I had an "average" experience, severely disappointed from the expectations that accompany any restaurant with a Michelin star.
2	It really hurts me giving Daniel Boulud two stars. I feel like it's against my religion but my food just really wasn't good. First, they seemed to be out of everything the night I was there. Second, the place was so loud for a gourmet restaurant. I know it's Vegas but seriously, we were screaming accross the table. The wine list was so long that I don't really understand the point. Who's gonna read all that? Unless they happen to have that rare vintage you are looking for you will be more confused than pleased. Here is my real problem with you, Daniel. You've forgotten the golden rule of Vegas: People here aren't actually rich, just pretending to be. No one can really afford to eat here. I'm sure a third of the place is in debt. The problem with this is that many world class chefs forget that these people don't want to experience somethin different. They just want to have what they've eaten their whole exept cooked better. Besides all that, I am very adventurous and want to try new flavors and things but the food just was not good and my friend actually got sick from it and was complaining all night. I ordered a salad that was good. I forgot what it was but it was good. However, i just wasn't that impressed. I ordered the salmon (because they were out of what i originally ordered) and the waitor suggest it be cooked seared. Great. I love seared fish. So i got my food and a) the salmon still had the skin on. Unless you are serving whole steamed fish, I would say it's better to take it off. Otherwise, people just have to eat around it. You can't cut it. It's pointless and doesn't look as pretty as you think it does. Also, it keeps all those good seasonings away from the pieces I'm actually eating. The salmon had an odd fishy taste. Which is never good no matter how your palatte is. I'm not impressed. We left hungry. I'm sorry Daniel Boulud but your expectations are just too high and you didn't live up to them. Now, the Lake of Dreams show is another story. GREAT. LOVED IT.
4	I only call out wait staff by name when they're exceptional.With that said, Dominic, this review goes out to you.I'm going to start this review writing about the service, mainly because I think our waiter, Dominic, was one of the best wait staff I have ever had the pleasure of meeting at a restaurant. Him, alone, gives Daniel Boulud two stars. The food and ambiance add a star a piece (but I'll touch on those later as they're really of no real importance to me).It's hard finding good service in high class restaurants. You need someone enthusiastic, but not fake, with just enough charm to make the night run smoothly. Dominic was not only all of that, but he was insightful and knowledgeable - enough so that he was able to recommend a fantastic bottle of wine for the boy and I.Grade A service goes a long way - and this is from someone who's usually not a stickler for service.As for the food, the boy and I started off with a lobster bisque and a steak tartare. The bisque was very light and well seasoned, and had little bits of bacon in it, which added a nice smokiness to the dish. The boy really enjoyed the steak tartare since he's never tried it before and I loved it since I love raw meat.For our entrees, we (of course) ordered the signature Daniel Boulud burger and one of the specials of the day, which was soft shell crab over three types of tomatoes (one of which was a fried green tomato...I don't remember the other two). I personally thought the burger had a funny texture, probably due to the short ribs stuffed inside, and couldn't taste the foie gras at all (which was highly disappointing as I love foie gras). The soft shell crab had a nice presentation but flavor wise, again, was nothing really amazing.All in all, it was an experience though, so I guess that's what counts. Come for the overall experience and the service, and let the food just compliment that.**SEE PICTURES POSTED**
5	OMG! Ok, we went here for my Bday dinner...To start off we had 3 different types of cheese and a Sauvignon blanc- the cheese was served with grapes, raisins (dried on the vine), a honey butter sauce, some type of nut, dried figs and dried cherries. This was all AWESOME. Second, I ordered the lobster bisque - Let me tell you, this was the best I've ever had. it had blackened corn and two small lobsters in it. My hubby ordered the escargot - it was Alright. We shared both. Main course- we both ordered the short rib and a bottle of Pinot Nior (recommended by the somalie(sp)). The rib was so tender, it melted in your mouth. It came with a small amount of augratin type potato and steamed spinach. It was a superb meal and the wine was excellent.
4	$$Went here with my friends because my friend loves Daniel Boulud's show on MOJO. We also went here because we wanted to eat at a celebrity chef's restaurant while we were up here and we weren't feeling Spago. We got all dressed up to go here, but then later found out that more than half of the people here were going casual. I guess we get extra credit for style then. We got seated at a table with an awesome view of the water. Our orders for four were:- Escargot- Steak tartare- 2x NY DB burgers- Steak frites- Trio of Kurobuta porkThe bread basket we got after we gave our orders was nice if only because there were different kinds of bread instead of just one kind. The escargots I thought were nicely seasoned with about eight escargots amidst some veggies and what looked like Little Caesar's Crazy Bread. I liked the steak tartare, the texture and flavor at times tasted like a pate. Along with the steak tartare there was mustard, deviled quail eggs, and some crispy bread to put the steak tartare on.The burgers looked very thick and looked like there was more meat than bun. I didn't get to taste the burger except for the short rib, but according to my friend it tasted like a burger except with a more earthy taste. The fries that came with the burger were nothing special. My trio of pork however, I felt was a very good dish. I didn't expect to get so much food, but there was a lot of food on the dish. There was some stuffing atop the pork that tasted very fatty and bad for you, but that just translates into delicious. I thoroughly enjoyed my pork chop, but I didn't care for the sausages that came along it. The sausages weren't bad, but they weren't anything worth talking about either. The gnocchi and veggies on the dish were good. Overall the dish was very good for both taste and price. The steak frites that my other friend got was also something that was well done (in execution, not temperature) and he had the same fries that came with the burger. I got to taste it and I thought it was a good dish.Overall the atmosphere and the food was very good and I think that for the price you pay you get a great experience.
2	I am a committed carnivore at the best of times, however I discovered that there is such a thing as too much meat.  I was very excited at the prospect of eating the DB NY Burger, at $32 it comes stuffed with braised short ribs and foie gras and promises much delight.I kicked off my meal with a pea & creme fraiche soup served with an asparagus and brie quiches.  Stupidly I didn't notice the word CHILLED at the start of the description and was surprised when it turned up.  I'm not a fan of chilled soups and it was very disappointing, even for me.  Under seasoned the thick gloopy pea soup tasted very fresh but it was woefully underseasoned and really had an odd consistency.  The asparagus & brie quiche had no taste of brie whatsoever and again was completely bereft of salt and pepper.  I just chalked that one up to experience and moved on...Then came the moment, the monumental 9oz burger turned up, now I've eaten some meat in my time but really this was too much.  The bun was about a 1/4 inch thick in total with a slab of meat that looked as tall as the Wynn itself.  It was a beautiful sight and was adorned perfectly with a slice of red onion, delicately melted cheese, tomato and of course lettuce.  The fries looked worryingly like the ones you get from Jack in the Box and sadly tasted about as good.  Soggy and cut from unpeeled potatoes, they just didn't say Michelin star to me.So to the burger.  I have to say I hated it.  There was too much meat in a small package, had the bun been half as big again, or the pattie 2/3rds of the size it would have been perfection.  The big nugget of foie gras sat there like a big piece of fat and actually added an unwelcome flavour to the mouthful that contained it.  The short ribs were a bit dry and tasted like tinned stewed meat but if you got a mouthful with a little of all three the flavours were tremendous.  If the foie gras was a thin disc that ran throughout a smaller meat pattie this burger would have hit a home run.Both of these factors seem inexcusable for a one Michelin star restaurant and I'd warrant that if this place was in New York or London it wouldn't get a second look.I had high hopes for this place and I left ultimately disappointed.
5	For review #100, I give you my review of one of the most opulent burgers in the world: The Daniel Boulud burger @ Daniel Boulud Brasserie.Now the 5 stars here are not for the burger alone, but the entire experience and ALL of the dishes that I tried - all were just so excellent. Everything delivered here.Additionally, what puts it a bit over the top is the strange lake show that the Wynn has. Reminds you that you're in Vegas. Picasso at the Bellagio has the fountains, Wynn has the waterfall lake, with a gigantic motorized frog, singing Sinatra's "It's a Wonderful World". Vegas, at it's finest. I came in here with a game plan. Planned out getting their Prix Fixe. 48$, Country Pate, DB Burger, Pear Clafoutis. DB threw me a wrench, by no longer putting the DB burger on the Prix Fixe menu. I was stunned. What do I do? What do I do? I had to get the burger. Ala carte it was. And what a good decision that was.My girlfriend was gracious enough to get the prix fixe as is, and allow me to trade dishes with her.Eventually, we came up with these dishes below between the two of us:Country style pate - This was really good, with the combination of their slightly buttery toasted bread, and the sharp flavor of the pepper infused salami-like pate. But what made the dish was the 6 variations of pickles on the side that accompanied the dish. And stone ground mustard! They must have read my mind... see pictures.Maine lobster salad - Brilliant. This was not just a little foo-foo piece of lobster on the plate, this was a grand group of lobster meat and claw, arranged in a circular mold pattern. Celery shavings graced the top of this salad.Scottish salmon - Incredible dish. Salmon, slightly poached to a medium, with a nice essence of salmon cream on top. On the side, asparagus, and one of my favorites, morel mushrooms. So savory. so good. Original DB Burger - People come far and wide to try this monstrosity out. Needless to say, it's not everyone's cup of tea. Delivery might be a little odd, so much so that people don't know what to do with it. "Short rib? Foie Gras? In a burger?  Am I supposed to take it apart and dissect it, or eat all of it at once?" I took one bite of it - well, meh. It was interesting. Then, I made the genius move of taking it apart, and eating little bites by little bites by fork and knife. Assembled a piece of the truffled parmesan bun, little frisee, and a bit of sirloin. Tack on a little short rib, and a lobe of the foie sitting inside. Steal one of my girlfriend's morel from her dish, and eat. Opulent. Savory. I don't know how much more I can explain it. Note to everyone else: Take the burger apart. Don't eat it together - it's definitely a fork and knife burger. You can really analyze the ingredients better, if it's taken apart.Fries were also piping hot and extremely savory too. Reading some of the prior reviews, other people may have cold fries. I did not, mine were perfect.Cheese course - I decided that if I had one change, I would also have to add a small cheese sampling to the prix fixe as part of the dessert. Luckily, I did not have to limit myself. I went all out, and got the Grand Tour de France. Ten French cheeses. All extremely memorable and great. And they had Roquefort... my favorite cheese in all the land. See picture of the cheese selection...What not only made the cheese plate great were the sides that came with the cheeses. A very thick honey. Incredibly sweet grapes. This unbelievably sweet fig bread, that went perfect with any of the goat cheeses.Memorable cheeses were:Grand Caprin Cendre - Brilliant goat cheese, slightly citric, but smooth. Went extremely well with the fig bread and honey.Delice D'Argental - Very creamy cow cheese, triple cream. Tasted like buttah.Saint-Nectaire - Great bounciness to this cheese, almost had the texture of like a Muenster, but tasted really smooth, and yet complex.Baigura - Great sheep cheese. Tasted a lot like a sheep cheese I got at SF's Cowgirl Creamery. Melted in your mouth, with slight fruit undertones.Roquefort - The ultimate cheese. This bluish sheep cheese is so smooth, so flavorful. I'm glad I saved it for last, so memorable.Is the restaurant psychic? Everything they had delivered with my favorites. Stone ground mustard. Morel. Foie gras. Roquefort.Much deserving of that single Michelin Star.But for me - I give it my own star stamp - 5 stars. Thank you Daniel Boulud Brasserie for the incredible experience, and thank you for a memorable review #100.
4	It's 5:30 AM, I have just walked back to the hotel and I'm hungry as hell.  Not ready to go to the room and definitely not chugging anymore money in a machine.  So, I happen across this restaurant, cool beans.  I grab a seat at the bar, while watching the folks stumbling in from wherever they had been partying at.  Way too funny.  I have never seen so many women with mascara running down their faces, walking sideways, totally a scene out of a bad movie.  Anyway, the bartenders start to chat with me, make some recommendations about the menu selections,  I settled on a French Toast swirl variation and a Mimosa.  Good night cap I think.  LOL!!!The meal was heavenly, I am happily nourished now and ready for some zzzz's.  Great to find they were open and available for me to have something other than a greasy slice of pizza, hot dog or hamburger.  Yum Yum.
3	It was a good dinner with a nice atmosphere and outstanding service, but the food was just OK.  When you spend this much money on dinner, the food should be better than OK.I got there just before 7, so I went with the price fixe because they had some great options (steak, salmon, chicken).  The caesar salad was your classic caeser salad with fresh lettuce and good caesar dressing.  The steak frite entree was ok.  A good portion sirloin with fries.  The meat was a little too thick for my liking and lacked any flavor.  The fries were very good here - perfectly crispy and just the right amount of salt.  I also tried the salmon, which was better than the steak.  It's served with a light cream sauce and was cooked perfectly.  Not fishy at all.The cherry clafoutis with ice cream dessert didn't appeal to me at all.  The cherries were mushy and the crust tasted a little like cardboard.  I recommend going with the chocolate fondant served over ice cream - a great way to end the meal.Maybe the burger or other steak options are the way to go here, but I wasn't impressed with the food here.TIP: Ask for a seat outside or by the window.  Stay until sunset and watch the shows out by the waterfall.  They run every 1/2 hour and are amazing.  Right up there with the Bellagio water show (very different, though).A comprehensive, but expensive wine list doesn't add any stars.
4	The couples decided to split for a night and spend some QT with our significant other...the BF wanted to come here because he had seen how beautiful the waterfall was. We called and made reservations...the lady on the phone was really nice and was very accommodating. We got there 15 minutes early, but we were seated right away. We requested for a view and a nice one it was.We started off with a bottle of wine (and me chugging discretely it because I didn't think we'd finish it, VERY classy) and the smoked salmon appetizer.The smoked salmon appetizer was very refreshing...the capers added a good tangy flavor and the potato latke added texture.He got the Scottish Salmon and I got the Loup De Mer. His salmon was very juicy and soft, perfectly cooked, however towards the middle he said it was a little too salty. The salt rub on my seabass was too salty for me, but luckily it was just on the skin, so I just took it off since I don't really eat the skin anyway.We didn't save room for dessert so we opted for coffee instead. It came with a little square of chocolate which was REALLY GOOD.. yumh chocolate.The service was great and we had a nice relaxing dinner to wind down our trip.The waterfall show was a bit random and...umm psychadelic? It's funny, but kind of ruins the mood a bit. The bf mentioned that it'd be a good conversation starter for those on a lame date..hehe. Overall the food was only 3 stars at most, but the service was 5, which averaged out to be 4 stars. I wanted to give it 3.5, but the atmosphere and service makes it worth 4 stars.
4	Came here for a bridal shower dinner in 2006 and must say the food was very good and I tried a little bit off everyone's plate =)  The service was excellent.However, did not care much for the show... it was just too weird for my taste and what's up with the frog?!?!
4	I highly recommend this place if you're looking for a high class establishment .  This is situated inside the Wynn which was totally beautiful with amazing high end shops.  Although I thought the place was a bit overrated and very empty (probably because of the high table minimums) I still loved the restaraunt.  We had a table for 4 at 8 pm and were seated right away.  The service was prompt and friendly with tons of recommendations.  The best part was the cheese cart for me.  I had the moules frites which were a little above par but nothing I'd write home about.  The menu was stacked with so many options I had a hard time choosing one!   There's a cute little show going on outside too while you dine that changes every 30 minutes.
4	I only order one thing from this place...and i have to have it EVERYTIME I'm in Vegas...The Original NY DB Burger.  Sure it's $32 bucks but it's the BEST burger that you will eat.  Yum
3	excellent food and beautifully decorated, but i felt like i was in fancy assembly line eating here.  they were really nice about it, but i got that "vegas hustle" feeling.we all ate something a bit different so we could try as many of the dishes as possible.  my cesar salad was delicious, but very heavy on the dressing and i would have liked less.  my husband's onion soup and my friend's pate were delicious.  i liked 2/3's of my trio of pork (and it was totally different than the picture by cynthia c.- her's looked way more appetizing than what i got).  i have had much better boudin blanc at bouchon and it paled in comparison to the other pork dishes on my plate.  it lacked texture and taste and was a complete disappointment given the other two were so flavorful.  my husband's duck confit was good, but the dish does not stand out from any other duck confit we have had elsewhere.  the $32 burger was the star of the table and though my friend didn't share a taste of the truffle with the burger, i did get a taste of the burger meat which did have a nice smokey flavor with it.  my friend's husband's steak frite was also good, but not any different than any other steakhouse.  i was the only one to brave a dessert, the sorbet trio was delicious, my personal favorite of the three was the coconut lime.  all others ordered a double espresso, which smelled wonderful from across the table and looked to be thoroughly enjoyed served with a chocolate square.service is the reason for the lack of 4-5 stars.  i felt rushed.  for as nice a place as the brasserie is suppose to be, i felt pestered and pressured to order more wine.  i wasn't even finished with my salad when my entree showed up.  while the waiter is holding my entree at my eye level, my fork was still in my hand and obviously not finished with my salad.  he even asked if i was finished (ummm... not really but who wants cold pork for dinner?).so sadly, i wanted to love this place but i really don't.  given how many exceptional restaurants there are in vegas and our experience here it will be a long time before we even consider coming back.
4	This is a great place to take clients or friends you're out to impress. I HEART the tile work in this place. It's gorgeous!As for the food, the soups are awesome! I fell in love with the chilled pea soup and dreamt about it later that night. The burger is an old standard and sometimes difficult to resist. However, it's good to experiment because there's little that will disappoint you.The service is attentive and smart. Love that.
4	More like 4.5 stars here --$32 for a burger?  Really?  Better be a hell of a burger!And it almost was.  Went here with friends for my "splurge meal" of Vegas.  I couldn't decide between the $48, 3-course prix-fixe or a burger that's worth a Jackson, Hamilton and a Jefferson.  But got the latter after reading the description:"9 oz. sirloin burger stuffed with braised short ribs, foie gras and black truffle."  Ok, sold.Since I'm getting such a masculine, meaty meal -- I had no shame ordering the Le Rose cocktail ($16) -- Plymouth gin shaken with pomegranate liqueur, rose nectar and citrus juice.  So what if it's near-fuschia pink and adorned with a rose petal, it's friggin' good -- smooth, fragrant, not-too-sweet and potent enough to give me a buzz halfway through.  Also helps that this particular brand of gin isn't over the top with junipers and other botanicals, just enough to give the cocktail a little zip and zing.As for the gentrified burger?  Definitely delicious -- the patty about the size of a softball, slightly flattened, and was definitely loaded with shredded short ribs and center of buttery foie gras.  However, I didn't pick up much of the black truffle flavor.   It was odd having to eat a burger with a fork and knife (it was stacked super high and my lower jaw is not detachable), but the taste more than made up for the disassembled & reconstructed mess I made on my plate.  The fries that came with it were excellent too, though the aioli dip wasn't as garlicky as I would've liked.I also shared a seasonal cheese plate ($26) with my dining companions; the five-cheese selection included a double-cream sheep's milk brie, a nice ricotta insalata and the intensely flavorful 12-year-old Hook's cheddar!  Pair that with a little granny smith apple, creamed honey and dried apricots -- heavenly!Definitely can't wait to check out the prix-fixe next time I come here, or maybe the trio of pork...The atmosphere was also wonderful; the weather being cool enough for us to sit outside by the Wynn Hotel waterfall, where we were treated to the 8pm "dancing frog" show (yes, totally bizarre till the frog starts singing, then it became totally dreamy).For full review + photos, go here:http://tinyurl.com/4eswup
3	My crew had planned a trip to Daniel's while we were staying at the Wynn months in advance.  Two of them were old hats at eating there, but I had never been and purposely did not read any information about the place so I could be surprised by the experience.We were seated right away at the time of our reservation and the sommelier helped my friend choose a wonderful Spanish red wine for the table; however he would not take the hint and suggest a better, pricier wine, though those two traits aren't always aligned or he already had his mind made up when someone at the table orders the burger.I ordered the Lobster Salad, the DB Burger, and the profiteroles for desert.  All 3 items were good, but not exceptional.  The Lobster Salad reminded me of an Octopus and melon salad that I had in Chicago recently that was at least its equal.  While the individual ingredients were very good, I do not see the benefit in their combination.I don't doubt the DB Burger is "worth" the $32 charged for it, and I would not tell someone not to order it, but the juiciness of the sirloin so dominates the burger (as it should) that the taste of truffle or foie gras is mostly masked.  If I were to go again, I believe I would just order a steak.After having the "world renowned" profiteroles at Brasserie Jo in Chicago the week before, I have to say either they were not lying or Daniel's attempt was a bit of a disappointment with a rather tasteless ice cream in the center that they claimed was rocky road.Besides the sommelier, who had great timing at preventing a glass from being emptied, the service was not worthy of note except for one incident.  While ordering our meals we also order an additional appetizer of escargot for the table to share and perhaps because this was such an unusual request, the waiter never placed the order until we reminded him about it when the entrees were served.The other thing worth mentioning is the light-and-water show.  Performing a search for it now retrieves plenty of results, but we were unaware of it.  We happened to catch it 4 times while we were eating with the whole restaurant coming to a halt while rock songs from the 80's play and a show of lights and animatronics occurs outside the window over the pond.  I did not really mind it, some of my friends thought it was inappropriate for a fine eating establishment, but to each their own.For the dining experience alone I would give the place a 4, but it does seem right to drop them another star (or really a half) for forgetting part of the order.
1	Two days ago we attempted to have dinner at Boulud in Las Vegas. We were unable to get the waiter's attention for a half hour; when he finally arrived he was surly........and informed us that our dinner entree was unavailable. The sommelier also tole me that they had no Australian wines..the were  "depleted" because they were popular. I overheard other patrons who were unhappy with their $42 fish dinners.The place was chaotic. We left and ate elsewhere......avoid this place like the plague.
3	Excellent food, almost picked up my plate to lick it clean.Why then only 3 stars?1. service was good, but not spectacular.  For the price and the billing, I expected better.  First class prices deserve first class service, and this wasn't it.  2. Wine sommelier had serious attitude.  I asked a couple of basic questions when trying to choose a wine that went with the variety of dishes on the table and he actually huffed a little when I didn't get 2 of the $120 bottles he recommended and ordered the $60 wine instead.  pissed me off.3. People dressing like they are in F'ing Disneyland.  Come on people, when dining at a $45 a plate restaurant run by a world famous chef, at least dress for dinner.  Shorts and t-shirts are so not appropriate. OK, the last one really isn't the restaurants fault.  It's just an issue I have with Vegas in general.  But I'm not ready to upgrade them to 4 stars yet.Just my 2 cents worth.
4	Prior to the visit, I went through the LV Michelin Guide to see if there are any semi casual places that would be a good dinner restaurant.  After reading reviews from fellow Yelpers, I decided on Daniel Boulud inside the Wynn Hotel and happy to say that I wasn't disappointed.Reservation was made for 6:30pm (so K and I could make The Beatles Love Cirque du Soleil show).  We were greeted promptly but the maitre d wasn't particularly warm or friendly.  We had the option of inside or garden seating and we chose the garden which I *highly* recommend (I will explain in a second).Our waiter was friendly and came by to take our drink orders quickly.  We chose the Caesar salad and escargots as starters to share.  The Caesar salad was great but the escargots were excellent.  We decided to share the main entrees as well and chose the steamed mussels and roasted chicken.  The steamed mussels were good but nothing out of this world (Cafe Torre is still my favorite, followed closely by Hawg's); the roasted chicken was tasty and tender.For dessert, we shared rocky road ice cream and passion fruit sorbet.  Standard fare - good stuff.The best part, however, was definitely the outside entertainment.  The garden seating is right next to a giant pool which has a towering wall with waterfall.  Every half an hour, the wall turns into an entertainment display (you will have to see it -  I don't want to ruin it for you).  It was pretty cool.The service started out nice but deteriorated as the evening went on.  By the end, after we finished our dessert, it must have been 30 or 45 minutes before the waiter dropped off our check.  I suppose it did give us a chance to enjoy the evening...
3	Had high hopes, but got to say that I thought it was just OK.I had the $48 Price Fixed menu, which really is a good value, if you like everything.Started with a chilled corn soup, which was fine, but not spectacular.  The entree was the Lobster Knuckle.  What part of a lobster is that any way?  It had some breaded topping that made it waaaayy too salty.  I picked off most of the breading half way through, but the damage was done.The dessert was a Chocolate Hazelnut Fondant with nougatine crunch and coffee ice cream.  This was really solid and tasty.Service was good.  At the end of the meal I did ask the waiter to let the chef know that I thought the entree was very salty, to which he said "I'm sorry".  I didn't want a refund or anything, so I was fine with the response, but thought that I should include that.My friend also had the price fixed menu with the steak frites.  The steak looked great, but the fries were just OK.  A bit soggy, I thought.Overall, not worth a Michelin star.Last thing - it's worth it to try and get a seat where you can see the water show.  The shows go off every 30 minutes and have numerous versions, so you won't see a repeat during the whole meal.  It's kind of like Cirque du Soleil meets Bellagio fountains.
4	trying to get caught up on restaurants on the Strip before the new wave of places open in 2009.Hit DB with the roomie opting to get their early for the prie fixe options.I was bummed not to see the burger on the early Bird special menu - DAMN !Nice looking restaurant - nice few of the waterfall and it's &quot;show&quot;The 3-course is still $48. app-main-dessert.i go with the pate, steak frittes and i forget the dessert name - it's basically a foo-foo kit kat.  roomie goes with the corn soup, lobster skate and  the sorbet .  i've posted pics of the items.i guess a vegas foodie will make comparisons between DB and Bouchon.  I have to give a slight nod to Bouchon, but just a slight nod.The pate - rustic, flavorful, a little to cutesy on the presentation, but no biggie.  the corn soup - not sure if i agree that it be served cold, the crab puffs served with it - tasty.the skate was decent - not big on flavor.  the steak - perfectly cooked, great taste, i didn't care for the pile of greens served with it.  the frittes were decent ( bouchon's definitely got them beat )the desserts were also good.  roomie's burnt carmel sorbet ( i have a feeling it was gelato ) was a little too burnt for my taste.I'm undecided on whether or not the $48 / person tab is value.  Given the location, the food quality, yeah, it's worth it.  i definitely have to go back to try the burger !
4	This place is simply gorgeous and makes you forget that you're sitting in Vegas in the middle of the dessert. The food was good and the service was amazing. We went on a Friday evening - surprisingly, it was very easy to get a reservation (most likely because we were only a party of two and were willing to have an early dinner - 6:30). Walking in, we were immediately taken aback by the gorgeous view - the restaurant opens up into the (ok fine, man-made but still beautiful) waterfall and lake. Highly recommend asking for a table facing the waterfall - you can either sit in or outside (but since I'm a wuss and I like my AC, we sat inside directly facing the water). DB's has a $48 prix fixe menu if you order before 7 p.m., which was nice. I chose the chilled corn soup, skate americaine and chocolate hazelnet dessert. Thoughts: -Chilled corn soup: extremely, extremely tasty, and perfect for a Vegas summer night! It was served with fried potato (I think?) puffs, which was a nice addition. There were some cold bell peppers in the soup, which gave it a nice flavor. Only issue was that the serving was HUGE - I was struggling to finish towards the end. -Skate Americaine: The fish/lobster topping was yummy - it was a nice light fish. However, I was not a fan of the beans....not. at. all. -Dessert: If I hadn't ordered this as part of the prix fixe meal, I would probably have been upset....it was TINY. I think the actual chocolate/hazelnut part was about as big as my pinky. For $13-14 on the regular menu, I think they could be a little more generous with the dessert portion size. Other thoughts: -BF had the $32 burger...I don't know how one person can finish that, but it is ginormous and decadent. Waiter recommended medium instead of medium rare, to make sure the foie gras was more cooked...we definitely appreciated his recommendation. -I had a pear mojito, which was amazing. -They really need to have a discussion with the Wynn about the waterfall shows...we saw two while dining. The first one was a giant neon frog singing - this one was ok - but the second was this strange, techno-disco-hypnotic snake/neon woman/something weird show. The second show was super long and super creepy.
5	Top notch service and great food. No wonder this place has one michelin star. I love their foie gras burger but their steak is amazingly tender and flavorful as well. They also have the most flavorful and melt in your mouth short rib I've ever had. I've only been there twice but both times the experience was great. When you go, ask to sit out in the patio area and at night for dinner you will get a show from the Wynn!
5	DB has the best burger EVER!!!!Yes is it $32 but worth every last penny.Some people are complaining that the prie fixe wasn't all that great. Well they should've bit the bullet and spent a little more on something that's actually worth the price. Why would you go to a nice restaurant and order from the prie fixe menu? It's like walking into louis vuitton on rodeo and asking to see the items on sale.
4	the french bread here is sooo good. as is the butter that accompanies it. i think that was the favorite part of my meal, although i did also enjoy the heirloom tomato salad and the db burger. speaking of the burger, i shared it with a few other people so i don't think i got the foie gras and short rib in my portion, but i can only imagine how OTT (over the top) that combination must be. i tried a friend's short rib and steak and both were tender and delicious. the duck confit was fairly good but a little too salty. overall i think DB is a bit on the overpriced side, but i don't regret dining there. especially since afterward, the manager walked us past the line at tryst and got us right into the club. SCORE!
3	I went here for a friend's birthday on Saturday.  This was my second time there, and I have to say that everything is pretty mediocre.  The service is inattentive and casual, but the waiters are very nice.  Some of the food is really good--I really like the coq au vin, the country pate, and the cheese plate.  But the various flavors in the famous burger (which I've had twice) get sort of melded together into a fatty, greasy mess.  If you go there, ask to sit outdoors because it's very pretty and there is a trippy, tacky show every half an hour.
3	Back in Vegas.  This time for pleasure.  A large group of friends/business associates stopped by at this place for dinner.The ambiance is good.  Nothing spectacular or memorable.We were seated promptly, fairly uneventful.bunch of us at the table got the steak, we also heard about the $32 burger, but no one had the stones to spend $32 on a burger...I ordered the new york strip and it was good.  Like its ambiance, nothing spectacular or memorable.  The folks at my table also shared the similar sentiment.  At $150 per person (including booze), we expected more, but we weren't necessarily disappointed either.  Again, nothing memorable.Would I recommend this place?  It depends.  If one is interested in impressing someone, this could do it since it does have some great views.  For the purists, I would not recommend it since there are much better places in LV.
2	We went to this restaurant for thanksgiving dinner. Our service was extremely poor, the waiter was a klutz. He dropped my friend's drink, made us repeat our order and was constantly interrupting our conversation. I dont think that the food was extraordinary either. We spent close to 1000 USD and felt extremely disappointed. I would not recommend this restaurant to anyone. In a place like Vegas, I would recommend to spend your money elsewhere.
1	Here is a letter I sent to the restaurant after my dining experience that summarizes how it went:Dear General Manager,I am writing to express my deep dissatisfaction with my recent experience at DB Brasserie at the Wynn Las Vegas hotel.  This was the most insultingly horrendous meal in recent memory, regrettable for a restaurant with such high distinction and reputation.I am a vegetarian due to allergies against most meat and seafood, but because I can still consume dairy and egg products, I have felt very little limitations in continuing to enjoy epicurean delights.  I know that with some thought and care, vegetarian menus can be more enticing and delicious than the conventional menus, from my experience dining here in San Francisco with Chefs Ron Siegel, Thomas Keller, and other renowned chefs with the same high regards as Chef Boulud.  This is why we trusted your restaurant personnel when they told us when we reserved seating at your restaurant that you would be able to accommodate vegetarians on NYE.We had a 9 PM seating for the NYE celebration, and knowing very well that NYE is one of the busiest nights at a restaurant, we called weeks in advance to confirm that a vegetarian menu would be available for our table.  We even called a few days prior to the event to re-confirm that our reservation was listed with a special request for a vegetarian menu.When we arrived and were seated, our server had no idea that there was supposed to be a vegetarian menu.  Surprised, she disappeared for a while, emerging with a laughable plate of "vegetarian amuse" she seemed so proud to serve.  It consisted of the regular amuse without the oysters and the cream inside the cream puff.  This concept of "subtraction" from the regular menu indicates that the kitchen had no intention of serving a vegetarian diner. The remainder of the evening was similar - a salad in which the lobster was simply removed, a plate of daikon from the first course instead of the two filets for the main dish.  The level of ingredients was dropped to a point it was unclear why we were being charged the same cost for the traditional and the vegetarian menu.  At this point, what the kitchen should have done is complimented a bottle of our wine, after it was totally and absolutely clear that there was no preparation that was made to accommodate us as we had been promised.  At least an appearance from the chef to apologize would have left us feeling a little bit better.  Instead, there was NOTHING but a full price meal for all of us.  Disgraceful.  That is the only word that come to mind as I recall the evening.Needless to say, I feel no need to visit any of the other Daniel Boulud restaurants and will be sharing my story with my epicurean friends on both coasts.  I hope that next time, your restaurant will have the honesty and integrity to refuse a vegetarian customer at the reservation stage instead of simply having us seated for one more diner's fee.  There are many other restaurants where vegetarians are treated with more respect for a truly enjoyable dining experience.  By accepting the reservation for a vegetarian and serving scraps of food after taking the meat portion away and charging full price for it is disgraceful and insulting, especially for a restaurant of your caliber.---------------------------------Update:The GM called me and apologized for the experience.  He is going to refund me for the vegetarian meal.  I'm glad they actually took the time to respond and follow up!Update2:I got my credit card refunded for the vegetarian meal.
4	I gave this 4 stars instead of 5 because of the high expectations I had for this place. I have been looking forward to the DB Burger for quite some time, and I was not disappointed. We both got the DB Burger, and they were great. My only complaint is that, some of the ingredients (truffle, short rib) were hard to discern from the overall beef flavor. We ordered a flatbread as an appetizer which was excellent. The sommelier was amazing and helped us select a great bottle of wine to pair up with our burgers. The dessert/coffee were also very very good. Overall, I think this is a MUST go to. Had I gone here ignorant, it would have a been a five star for sure, but my high (probably unreasonably high) expectations forced a 4.
2	All I remember at the end of the evening is the big check .  If you want to see the waterfall show, save your money by getting a seat at Parasol instead.
4	My wife and I had this one on our must eat list as we were staying at the Wynn.First off, we had reservations for 6 and the restaurant was fairly open.  They sat us at this one awkward little table right near the entrance of the restaurant.  Sure, you have a cool view of the waterfall, but it felt like no man's land.  In addition, others were getting bread and we got none... most likely it's because we were out of sight.  We asked to be moved which they graciously did.  If I were them I'd dump the table - it feels like the worst seat possible.After we moved we ordered a bottle of Duckhorn Merlot and some of the steak tartare to start.  It was excellent.  In fact, it was so good it might have been a mistake to order it :)My wife ordered the DB Burger.  I mean, how could you not?  Kobe sirloin, braised short ribs, foie gras, truffles, etc.  It was really good, but it was huge.  Honestly it's like... you can't possibly eat this thing like a burger.  It was knife and fork time.  Very good, but you can't really taste the foie gras to be honest.  The downside to the burger was the awesome steak tartare right before.  It actually kind of overpowered the burger.  Don't make the same mistake.I ordered the crispy duck confit which had little croutons with foie gras.  Nummy.  Highly recommended.  I would order it again and loved it.We didn't do dessert because we were stuffed.  Honestly nothing on the dessert menu stuck out to us anyhow, but it may have been because we were so full.So there you go.I would go back.
5	The food & service here are phenomenal -- I rarely give a restaurant 5 stars. We first dined here during the Bon Appetit event with Daniel Boulud, a private lunch with the chef himself. Everything was delicious. So we were thrilled to go back last night; I had the prix fixe dinner of pumpkin soup and steak frites, and my husband had the french onion soup and the db burger. To start, our server was wonderful. With the ovens busy slaving away over a private party, he let us know the soup would be delayed slightly (the french onion soup needs a broiler), but the soups came a minute later, hot & delicious. My pumpkin soup had an apple foam with pumpkin seeds on the side, which I put in. There was also a homemade marshmallow in the soup, which sounds odd, but it was great. My steak came a bit too rare (I asked for medium rare, whereas it was barely rare), but he gladly took it back and returned it 5-10 minutes later, with a new bucket of frites. My husband's db burger was rich and needed no condiments, with the fois gras, short rib, and truffles. He loved it. I had the chocolate souffle with coffee ice cream, and if you've never had the homemade ice cream at the Wynn, you're missing something amazing. The souffle was chocolatey, but not too rich, and fluffly, but not too light. And, as a special treat, the waterfall shows outside the windows at the Wynn were a delight.All in all, this joins the ranks of Fleur de Lys at Mandalay Bay as a reliably delicious meal, just right for a splurge or special occasion. P.S. At the Bon Appetit lunch we toured the kitchen and were impressed with how spotless it was. When we poked our heads in again last night, it still sparkled.
3	Pretty restaurant and I liked being able to look out on the little waterfall. Our waiter was ok. He was a little snotty and he didn't have many suggestions on anything at all, but it was acceptable. Ordered some oysters and the steak tartar to start. Both were very good. For my entree, I had the skate which I highly recommend if you want fish. I knew I was going to a steak house the next night so I wanted to mix things around, but the guy I was with ordered the steak frites and it seemed like he was pretty content with his meal too.The dessert was so so. It was something chocolatey but I can barely remember what it was now.Overall, was pretty happy with my meal.
5	I celebrated my mom's birthday in Daniel Boulud. We all picked the prix fixe menu but adding foir gras as appetizer. We almost tried all choices on the prix fixe menu including *Pumpkin soup *Caesar salad *Skate grenobloise *Chocalte hazelnut fondant *Warm seasonal fruit clafoutis with vanilla ice-cream My mom loved the fish a lot. For me, the food wasn't the most amazing part and actually was not as good as other 1 star Michelin restaurants. But the waterfall light show that went on right outside the restaurant definitely deserved the price and the stars. Not many people knew about it unless you've dined here. During the dinner time, the hotel played 5-minute light show every 30 minutes. Our table, facing to the window, had the best view of it. I bet the water view and light show contributed to the most of the 1 star received.
5	Excellent restaurant. I ate at the Bar-Lounge 2 nights in a row... We had the DB burger, Moules Frites, Turbot, Charcuterie Plate, Profiteroles.. All very good and perfectly excecuted. Service was efficient, polite and knowledgeable. I will MOST definitely go back at DB Brasserie when I am in town !!!
4	After reading a number of the reviews here on Yelp, I had to see if Chef Daniel really could translate his NYC empire into the plastic coated town that is Vegas. The good news is, he can and does. Almost. First off, the place is a bit smaller and more cramped than I expected. Kind of like find dining meets Stage Deli. But higher end, of course. Started out with the Escargot. Yep. Snails. Which were very tasty and chewy and came with some nicely grilled scallops with a centerpiece of puff pasty wrapped around some greens and inside of that.....a raw egg. Really. Maybe it should be called Eggscargot in that case. The Pumpkin Soup was exquisite. Very smooth and not too strong a Pumpkin impact. Worked really well here. Especially if you dip the bread into the soup. The bread basket comes with standard Sourdough-like French and Raisin slices. My friend got the filet which came with a variety of veggies (no taters) and he said it's the best filet he's had in years. Considering he grew up in a family that owned a major steak establishment in Chicago for years, that's saying a lot because he knows his beef. Me? I dared myself and had the 32 dollar burger. And then got harassed about it on Facebook. But you only live once and who knows when I'll come back here unless Daniel opens an LA establishment? The burger is easily the thickest I've ever engulfed. So thick, the couple next to us used a fork and knife to eat it. Sorry, that's Chopped Steak at that point. I want the true burger experience. It's stuffed with Foie Gras and Short Rib and a result, it's full of incredible flavor. Definitely one of the best burgers I've ever had. Up to a point. The problem is the bun ruins it. It's crispy instead of soft and fluffy. Not like a Kaiser Roll. It's really hard to describe. The burger is so thick that when you lift the burger off the bun there's a deep indentation inside of the bun. I think Daniel should reconsider the bun by making the burger less thick with a larger diameter and he might just nail it. The burger is also cut in half which I'm not a big fan of although in this case, I kind of understand why due to the size. The frites were OK but considering it's Boulud, it's a bit disappointing. I was expecting to be wowed by the frites and it just didn't happen. Both me and my client were stuffed after our meals (and some happy hour parties we were at our conference) so we skipped dessert or I would've had the chocolate souffle for sure. But I digress. It was a sensational meal and just a few additional exceptions would've made it perfect. Or as close to perfect as you're ever going to get.
3	it was just ok. my wife got the three kinds of pork. she was kind of disappointed with it. the pork loin was dry, overcooked, and flavorless, one was a very poor copy of japanese buta kakuni, and the other one tasted like it was straight out of the honeybaked ham store.the view from our table was good ... we got to see the frog and the light show once in a while and the waitstaff was incredible. but the food didn't live up to the hype and it wasn't even nearly as good as db's restaurant in manhattan. i had the db burger, which was quite an experience but not one i'm likely to try again. the aged beef was kind of tough and overcooked and the fois gras in the middle was a bit flavorless. the one in new york had truffles on it, which this one i think was supposed to but i couldn't find them. the pommes frites were kind of soggy. what was really good was the bread!
4	Inaugurating our four night vacation with a meal at Daniel Boulud's Brasserie made for a good introduction to Las Vegas gastronomy. Sure, a brasserie does not sit on the same mantle as Daniel in New York, but for one-half the price, it is an opportunity to experience the Boulud empire. The prix fixe menu, moreover, runs from 5:30-7, offering enough choices to satisfy any non-vegetarian's appetite. We were greeted with an oyster topped with osetra caviar, cauliflower cream and chives. I had the pate to start, and each accoutrement from the dijon to the chanterelle paired well with the pork liver, accentuating its smooth texture. Ordering fish can, on occasion, end as a pyrrhic success - great tasting yet woefully inadequate. I rejoiced as the well-portioned skate came my way. The skate burst with a flavor comparable to lobster and crab - only better when I include the pan-seared skin. My dining companions, alas, were forced to tolerate an overcooked the steak. I enjoyed the red grape clafouti, which provided a perfect flavor balance - a sweet, but petite, ice cream scoop allowed for several worthwhile deviations from the mild custard.
4	I went to this place on 2 separate occasions.  First off I really love Daniel's show After Hours so I had to check out at least one of his restaurants.  The first time I came here I had the DB Burger which was one of the best burgers I have had.  I enjoyed the burger, though I can't say whether or not the fois gras or the black truffle added much to the burger.  The second time i came here I got the prix fixe dinner with the pate course, a chicken course, and a berry dessert.  I enjoyed every dish and everything was cooked perfectly.  Overall, I would say that you get what you pay for at DB.  It's a great restaurant, especially if you are sick of the buffets on the strip.  For a little bit more money, you can have a great dining experience at Daniel's.
4	Food: Four StarsService: Solid Four Stars +Funny 3 min show every half hour: Five starsWe ordered the Valentine's tasting menu at $125 each excluding tax, tip or alcohol.  We were intrigued with the escargot on the a la carte menu and asked to include that into our tasting.  We started with kusshi oysters on the half shell with champagne gelee (very interesting) and osetra caviar and although I really wanted to like the dish, the oysters were just ok.  It was nothing special and the combination of flavors was not mind blowing.  The oysters were bland and not shucked well (we found little shell piece in two out of our half shells!)Next, we had the artichoke soup with foie gras mousse and trumpet mushrooms.  The taste of the mushrooms reminded me of truffles which was delightful. The taste of the foie gras mousse was flavorful, furthermore, it was clean and unadulterated.  The texture of the soup and the smoothness of the foie gras was a perfect couple.  Next came the roasted sea scallops topped with a bed of granny smith apple slaw on top of a cauliflower mousse.  It was drizzled with apple cider jus and dressed with a single cauliflower  and slice of granny smith apple.  It was a beautiful dish but it was overly salty and overly seasoned.  I could not taste the fresh flavors of the scallop, instead I kept drinking water to wash down the salt. I had to stop eating the dish.  Disappointed, I could not wait for the entree Duo of Beef with two thick slices of rib eye, ox tail inside a spring roll then deep fried.  I loved the rib eye but the ox tail spring roll was overly oily.  The oil in the ox tail made the won ton wrapper soggy even before I had a chance to take a bite.The desserts were delicious.  My honey said that if there is one thing the French know well, it's desserts!  There was so much truth in that.  I wanted this to be a five star meal but nothing served was "the best" we've ever had!  I would love to come back and order off the menu one of these days because service was impeccable, the show was hilarious, and the dessert was a real happy ending.
4	Really nice and special restaurant.  Located in the very nice and almost anti Vegas Wynn hotel.  The menu is upscale french Brassiere. We had a great soup and Caesar to start. the Caesar was top notch, but he soup Pumpkin) was over the top. We then had a order of mussels in green curry sauce and the steak frite.  Both great.  Desert was also good and the pastry chef sent out a nice selection of cookies as a thank you.  The wine list is big and overwhelming, but the sommelier is helpful and they have a slid price range of wines. This is a adult, fine dining experience more in tune with New York or San Francisco then Vegas,  Give it a go, but make reservation.
4	I've been a big fan of Boulud's restaurants in New York, particularly Bar Boulud, so I was excited to try one of his restaurant outposts in Vegas. I've also been a fan of the Wynn, and the decor of DB Brasserie is done in the same classy way, with a nice view out onto the waterfall, where they have weird/funky shows on the half hour. For starters, I ordered half a dozen oysters off the "To Share" portion of the menu, but you can order them as an individual appetizer and specify exactly how many you want. Our waiter was really helpful in explaining the menu, and the difference between east and west coast  oysters (I went for the more 'oystery" tasting eastern ones). The oysters were great, and I was pleased to see that the follow-up entree, duck confit, was excellent as well. It's really easy to overcook the duck in duck confit, but the skin on mine was super crispy while the meat still remained relatively tender. The waiter also overheard that it was  my birthday and sent out a complimentary dessert and small cookies for the table, which was nice. The sommelier was helpful in picking out champagne, wine, and cocktails (the "Bitter Frenchie" was great). For any vegetarians, they also do a mushroom risotto which isn't on the menu, along with salads. The risotto was actually really good, I wouldn't have minded having that as an entree, even as a non-veggie myself. Vegas is full of four/five star restaurant outposts (Craft, etc), but I'd say DB Brasserie is worth a try.
2	I was all excited about coming out of my yelp coma to review Daniel Boulud (how do you pronounce this name???) and I was SAD to see that this restaurant actually has 4 stars on yelp!I was really hoping to tack my name onto some really spiteful reviews about how OVERRATED this place is, how their service can only be described as ATROCIOUS, and how on earth did they get a michelin star???Well I guess I'm among a minority, but my party of 7 and I had a truly horrible service experience: 1) We had an 8:30 reservation and we were still forced to wait for a table; 2) We didn't have a waiter come to our table for a solid 40 minutes.  I kid you not; 3) A woman whose only job seemed to be going table to table telling people they were out of duck came over to us before we even saw a waiter; 4) We had to flag over rando servers to get our wine, food, etcThe only redemption came at the end of the meal when our jager bombs came out to drink away the pain of the horrible service.  Oh yeah, and the dancing frog show by the water fall.
5	Besides Nobu, this place was the only other restaurant that we truly enjoyed in Vegas. They have a special tasting menu which you can try if you go there between 5-7 PM which is a great deal. We were planning on ordering from it originally but we decided to pass on it and try the famous DB burger. For appetizers, we had raw oysters which were great. We wanted the foie gras but they only had the cold kind on the menu (something about transitioning to lighter foods as the weather gets warmer). This was a disappointment since there are so many raves about the foie gras in the reviews from other yelpers. At the end of the night, the restaurant manager said that they can usually make it still, so in the future, just ask him and they can try to accommodate the request. The burger came next and it didn't disappoint at all. I thought the portion was huge for a girl, perfect for a guy. The fries were great. I loved the combination of the meats in the burger with the foie gras, though I thought the portion of foie gras should have been bigger (it's about the size of a nickel- and it should be more like the size of a quarter so you can enjoy it more). For dessert, we had the floating island which was light and refreshing. They also gave us some free cookies and candies since it was our anniversary. The service was great! Paco took care of us. He was very attentive, and even gave us a copy of the menu to take home as a souvenir of our experience. He also told us about the waterfall shows (there is the frog, flowers and balls) because we weren't sitting near the window- and he wanted us to be able to come and watch them still. If you like that sort of thing- be sure to tell them when they seat you to sit you by the waterfall. So overall, a huge thumbs up from us- and a big thank you to Paco for being such a great waiter!
5	Only in Vegas can you drop $200 on dinner for two in a dressy French Brasserie, be entertained by a giant animatronic frog, and have it all work.My veal was excellent, and my girlfriend loved her duck.  My only knock on the service was a snotty "that's only a half bottle" from the waiter when I ordered the wine.  Um, yeah, I know it's a half bottle.  There's just two of us, and we're not huge drinkers, so it works for us.Officially, attire here is business casual, but if you stroll in wearing Dockers and a polo shirt you'll probably feel underdressed on a Saturday night.  Dress like you're an extra on Sex And The City and you'll fit right in.
4	Ate here on two different trips and had different experiences.  The first time, we were not so wowed. Perhaps we ordered the wrong thing, went too early, etc.We like Boulud; after seeing him so much on After Hours, and being whores for Michelin stars, we tried again.  Glad we did. Much better.Ordered the seafood tower. 2nd best oysters-after Providence in L.A. Really good. Great lamb special and veal. Service was excellent and a pretty big wine list.On our second night in the hotel, after a pre-dinner snack at Carne Vino, stopped by for a dozen oysters and champagne. Sat in the bar-cute and cozy. Still great service and still great oysters. Glad we gave it a second try!
4	Ok I'm adding a star because the bartenders were so nice. Ate at the bar this time around and had a great time. The foie gras is amazing. The crab salad was so so... probably wouldn't order it again. The duck entree was pretty good and like last time the desserts were just ok. Ordered a chocolate dish with nutella and a raspberry & pistachio tart. The second was definitely more unique and tasted better, but this isn't my favorite place for desserts. But... the service at the bar was great. The bartenders were very nice and attentive.  Their fig bread is also really good; make sure to grab some especially if it's a big night of drinking.
5	It's at the WYNN. enough said. No but seriously. Steve Wynn picked an excellent restauranteur to be in his hotel. I have only eaten at this brasserie once and loved it. The "Original NY DB burger" put me in my place. I couldn't even finish it. AND I FINISH EVERYTHING. I'm like your garbage disposal but a lot cuter in person. 9oz. (mine had to be a 10 oz'er easily) sirloin burger with braised short ribs, black truffle and foie gras in the middle. It's like a Tootsie pop. Just a million times better. And maybe a lot more pricer (just $32 but for some $32 for a burger what?) It's worth it. Every red cent, Every bite. Yes it does come with fries. so I guess you can say the burger is $16 and the fries are $16? haha. A definite order for lunch.I also ordered the froglegs. I never had froglegs in my life. And had to because the waitress recommended it. ALSO she gave the best service I have received ever in Las Vegas. Plus she was hot ok. But seriously, It was amazing. I hear this talk about "oh yeah froglegs taste like chicken" Yeah Yeah. Those are the same people who order their steaks well done. Don't listen to them and just try it.Sit inside and observe the beautifully decorated interior. Or have a seat outside and enjoy the watershow from the waterfall. (why is it that every WYNN owned hotel has a water theme? odd) Either or, you will have an amazing delicious heaven-esque time.I hear a lot about the moules frites so I'm comin for ya Daniel. I'll be back.
4	$42 for a one star Michelin rated restaurant for a 3 course meal at a Daniel Boulud restaurant at the Wynn --- outstanding!  Mr. Wynn is running A Taste of Wynn for early dinners with reservations from 5:30 pm to 6:30 pm for 2 courses @$36 or 3 @ $42.  First course consisted of selection of a Caesar salad, soup or country pate.  We had the pate which was accompanied by tiny picked vegetables, mustard and 2 large pieces of delicious bread.Second course was moules frites (mussels), Scottish salmon, 8 oz steak with frites, or roasted chicken breast. We had the salmon & steak.  Salmon was medium rare as suggested by the waiter so a little sashimi-ish inside but had a nice crust.  Fish was very tasty and sweet with 5 spears of asparagus.  Steak was perfectly cooked and delicious with crisp fries and arugula.  Third course was a choice of ice creams/sorbets, a slice of choc tart or cheese course.  We selected cheese which was nice with small slices of apple, candied walnuts, apricots and baguette.  Wine by the glass ranged from $12 and up. The still water offered will be Fuji and $8/btl. You can ask for ice water which is free.  Total tab about $150 which was the least we have ever spent for a top chef restaurant on the strip.
5	YES!!!  The best meal I've had in Vegas in quite some time was here at Daniel Boulud's place.  The service was fantastic, I had their special of pork served three ways.  The pork loin was tender and juicy and the pork belly was excellent!  I'd love to tell you what the third preparation was, but I don't remember.  I ate it all though, so it must have been good.  Don't be surprised if a giant green frog serenades you during your meal!
4	We got there early, 6:30 on a balmy Vegas evening, and lucked out with a table on the terrace, with only a glass partition between us and the stunning "Lake of Dreams," featuring a breathtaking waterfall. Service was lovely and plentiful, maybe a tad too much. I mean, seriously, with the bustling of the maitre d, sommelier, waiter, server, and then the bread and Pellegrino guy, I barely had a chance to grope my guy under the table!After a couple of cocktails to kick off our hour of livin' large, we ordered the second cheapest bottle of wine ($45) on the huge and jaw-dropping high-priced list: 2005 Bear & Lion Old Vine Zinfandel. That ole grape juice was not too shabby, and while I'm no sommelier (though I've ingested many boxes of vino in my day), I thought it paired nicely with our starter, which was the chicken liver mousse. I know, I know, liver--blech--certainly doesn't sound "to die for," but that 20-year bourbon bone marrow mash literally melted in our mouths. It was the best part of the meal, actually.We also had the glazed duck, which was kind of dry and tasted so-so, and the Original NY DB Burger. Yes, I was the dork who ordered a $32 hamburger. But it wasn't just any burger, it was sirloin stuffed with braised short ribs, foie gras and black truffle! I'd have liked a bolder truffle flavor, but it was delicious anyway--or at least, I thought so; my old man was underwhelmed. In any case, we were too full and too buzzed to have dessert, but not too buzzed to not notice a giant golden head slowly emerge from the water in front of the majestic waterfall/fountain and then disappear again--that really happened! Oh, and the women's bathroom is gorgeous.
4	We had dinner at the Daniel Boulud Brasserie on Saturday evening.   We arrived for an early seating, at 7 PM promptly, and were seated at a wonderful table on the patio so we could admire the water show starting at 8:30 PM.   While I had originally hoped for a meat dish like lamb, I veered course instead and went for a seafood dinner, starting with a lobster bisque and following it up with moules frites, a generous portion of mussels and a side of wonderfully prepared french fries.   Overall, I thought the meal was good, not great.   The service, however, was absolutely stellar.My lobster bisque wasn't quite what I expected.   The presentation was perfect and there were generous pieces of lobster bathing in the watery broth.   Yes, you read right...  While the menu described it as bisque, I found that the soup was much too watery for my sophisticated palate.  This course left me longing for a creamy and silky texture which I simply did not find.   The lobster, too, was a bit rubbery for my taste.  My wife tasted it and agreed with me that she'd had better lobster.    I did have the privilege of tasting her torchon de foie gras, which was very good although it was served slightly too cold.   It was very good and solid, but it didn't quite meet the expectations I had.   Let's just say that if you know the Foie at Bouchon in Yountville, then you've tasted better Foie Gras.Once again, I thought presentation and service was perfect.  We got plenty of attention from the waiter and my water and wine glasses were refilled promptly.   All in all the service here was 5 stars.   The mussels and fries, though, were closer to 3 stars.   Again, it's easy for me to critique them having just had the same dish a week early at Bistro Jeanty in Yountville.  Here too, Chef Jeanty trumps Daniel Boulud.   When the menu description evoked a dish of mussels served in a thick aromatic broth, I found that the dish was instead served with plenty of greens on top but very little creamy goodness.   Perhaps it's merely Boulud's attempt to serve clean and healthy food to a discriminating Wynn crowd.   Still, I was hoping the French Chef's Brasserie would have indeed thrown heavier and more cholesterol-laden creamy goodness my way.Would I come back?  Most certainly.  The food was very good and with my newly adjusted expectations, I would not be disappointed next time.   Still, this place in no match for Picasso at the Bellagio.   The two are worlds apart.
3	Um ... Service was excellent but that is expected ... gotta say tough I was a bit disappointed with the food. Textures were a bit off (had a salad, soup, and swordfish - family style of course) and ... i dunno ... just didn't do it. Cannot rave enough though about everything else. Staff, ambiance ... fantastic!!! Food ... eh ... found myself still dreaming of the Lobster Mac & Cheese and Table 10! Definitely would not rule it out entirely though ... maybe two times is a charm?
5	I wish I could give DB 4.5 stars, but the bartenders were pretty cool so I'll bump it up. I ate here with a friend. Well, I actually ate alone at the bar, which was the first time I have ever dined in a restaurant by myself, since my friend was in a meeting. I must say, eating by yourself, in a dress, ready to go out at night is one surefire way for guys (good and bad) to come talk to you. It was pretty empowering though, and when my friend showed up after her meeting to grab dessert with me, I think the bartenders believed me that I really wasn't a prostitute!I had the most amazing foie gras I've had in a while, a decent crab salad, and some fabulous duck. The albarino suggested by the bartender was ok, but the desserts were fabulous. I think we actually ordered two although I can't remember which ones since I was probably in a food coma by that point! Top off the meal with a drink from the bar and we were ready for a night out.If you can, grab a seat overlooking the Lake of Dreams so you can watch the dancing frog. And girls, don't be afraid to sit at the bar and eat by yourself. It's actually fun! (Just avoid the sleazy sales guys, also typically eating by themselves, and talk to the bartenders instead!)
1	Ah yes, DB at the Wynn. When you check out the menu, food is pricey but sounds quite yummy. The bf and I were comped to have dinner here so although it was free, it sure sucks to know this is the restaurant we get to eat for free after gambling and losing a few grand. We decided to try their petit seafood platter for $35 which was ok. The lobster was by far the best piece of seafood on the platter. It was firm, fresh and without a fishy taste. For our main entree, we chose to split the signature DB burger stuffed with short ribs and foie gras on a black truffle bun for $38. hmm...the taste was different but not good. The food overall was very disappointing. The only good thing about DB is the entertainment. If you sit outside or by the window, you can enjoy the waterfall view with a show every half hour featuring a singing frog. The bf and I were also able to partake in a magic show for a nearby table of whom I assume were some vip guests. The magic tricks were awesome and the waterfall show was romantic. Overall it is not worth eating here to just enjoy the view b/c to me good food is way more important and memorable than a 2 minute show. We will definitely not be giving Daniel Boulud a 2nd chance.
4	Hubby and I ate at the DB brasserie for our 6th wedding anniversary after staying at the Wynn for three nights. Overall the food, service and drinks were excellent. I enjoyed my husband's short ribs a little more than my duck though. At the end of the meal they presented us with a slice of anniversary cake. Nice touch to the end of a lovely meal.
4	Wines by the glass selection was a little weak - 1 rose for a French restaurant? Started with oysters and pate de campagne, both good.The John Dory was overcooked, dry and boring. It was pan-seared in butter and accompanied by corn and lardons, which overpowered the very light flavors of this fish. The buckwheat faux mushroom seemed to be the chef's way of saying, "Look what I can do," without considering what would taste good - like a real mushroom. Speaking of, the chanterelles were more like tidbits: an afterthought?The tenderloin arrived medium well and well-done a good quarter inch around the edges vs. medium as requested.The birthday clafoutis and mini sample of French "petit fours"  were a generous gesture.Conclusion: For my next visit, I would pick a few appetizers, skip the entrees, and go straight to dessert.
5	We celebrated a friend's 50th birthday here and thoroughly enjoyed it.  The service was prompt and professional, but not stuffy.  The food was beautifully presented and everything was very tasty.  We spent the rest of the evening above the restaurant on a patio overlooking the waterfall.  Every 30 minutes there's a different show on and around the water.  It was a hoot.  Friendly professional service up there as well.  It was, by far, the highlight of our long weekend in Vegas.
5	I was here this past April. Daniel Boulud Brasserie definitely deserves its Michelin star. Flat bread was great. Salad was great. Chicken, mussels, chickpea fries, all three of the deserts that were ordered, cheese and everything was excellent. The chicken in particular was extremely moist. Coming here has made me want to try Chef Daniel's restaurants in New York.
4	Well after 3 visits, I guess I am hooked.  Love the decor and really like the "back" dining room.  Flawless yet non snobbish servers.  I like a server who is not pretentious and can relate to all kinds of people. I have to admit, that I have not strayed from my first meal.  First a fab raspberry martini or two. Beet salad DIVINE. The best braised shortribs I have ever had in my life. Skip dessert and a nice after dinner drink with great coffee. Perfect evening.  I know the lagoon show is supposed to be a highlight....meh..must be me.Love the food and ambiance.  It's all good.
3	I'm torn between a 3 and 4 on this review, but I'm rounding down because I expected more, damnit. It's Daniel Boulud (btw, I've eaten at Daniel in NYC, and it's amazing), it has a Michelin star.. it's at the Wynn.. with those sort of credentials I kind of expected a transcendent type of meal. Perfect food, amazing service, etc.We had reservations at 7:30 but were not seated till 8:00. I can't fault them for that, reservations simply aren't an exact science (sometimes the party in front of you just drags! it happens). While waiting at the bar we were brought our amuse bouche. It was amazing.. lobster in a chilled corn soup with lobster. Honestly a perfect bite and really got me excited to try the food! The drinks we had at the bar were good, but not memorable. Pricey as is usual in Vegas at $12-$15 a drink. Service: Pretty disappointed on this aspect. When we asked the waiter if chef could prepare us some warm foie gras, he just said "no". Here's a trick for the waiters out there - just say "I'll ask the kitchen". I don't care if it's BS.. it just looks way better than denying a customers request ! Otherwise he was dull and unattentive. The sommelier was particularly bad. I told him I was thinking of X, Y, and Z (all of which were well under the $100 mark) and asked him which of those 3 were the best. He then says, I think you should decide between A, B, and C (all of which were ~$180-$250). In fact, he directed me to the 3 most expensive wines on the page. Coincidence? I don't think so. He definitely made me feel 'cheap' for ordering a $90 bottle of wine which was inappropriate. Appetizers:*Flatbread with goat cheese and pancetta. Freaking awesome. The bread was just crisp enough with just the right amount of cheese and toppings. Very impressed. *Lobster salad and crab salad - both good, but not insanely memorable or anything. *Heirloom tomato salad - the knife skills on these guys are quite impressive! They peeled all the tomatoes and made some cool shapes with the skins. Very pretty and incredibly fresh perfect tomatoes. They couldn't have done it better. Entree's:*Duo of beef - tasty, but I don't get the hype about his shortrib. I've had better shortrib in this city many times (craftsteak comes to mind), but those that got this dish liked it. *Veal - tender, beautiful, and perfectly prepared. I recommend this dish pretty strongly if you're a veal fan. *Salmon - Sounds pretty boring, but my mom raved about it. She called it the best salmon she's ever had, etc.. mb if you're a salmon person this is a good thing to go with. Everything was all going pretty well.. until my Dad and I tried our burgers. Wow, this was SUCH a disappointment. I absolutely love burgers and was so psyched to try this one. It wasn't good at all. The burger at BO or Burger Bar, or well most places in town are SO much better. Why was it so bad??*The foie gras: I ate half the burger without tasting ANY of it. On the 2nd half I dug through with a fork and came up with literally .01 ounces. I'm talking a SPECK. Frankly for $32 I expected ~1 oz of foie gras. In fact that's what his recipe called for. This was embarassing. If you're serving f-ing foie gras in a burger, put at least enough where someone can find it was a magnifying glass. *Shortrib/beef: Just nothing special. The shortrib didn't add anything. Literally I felt like I was eating a boring shortrib meatball. It lacked flavor. Call me a weirdo, but I thought this burger needed some seasoning, or cheese, or something.. it just cried out BLAND.*Bun.. completely inedible to me due to the disgusting amount of horseradish covering it. Both sides were slathered with thick horseradish sauce. So much in fact I could taste nothing but horseradish. Granted I hate horseradish anyways, but I think unless you're a HUGE fan you'll find that it completely overpowers everything else on the burger. *Fries.. AWFUL. Limp, cold, lacking flavor.. Not enough salt, not fried properly. How can a french guy screw up french fries so badly?*sigh*.. So I'm pretty damn disappointed about my burger last night. I love foie gras, I love french food, I love burgers.. I just went in expecting to really like it! $32 later, I'm pretty pissed. For dessert we all shared a chocolate souflee. I don't get how they do it there because you don't need to preorder. You say you want a souflee and it just appears minutes later. Confusing. That being said, it was awesome. It was silky and more like a mousee.. I really liked it. One of the best souflees I've ever had. ***Cliffsnotes version***: Try this place, but don't get the overrated burger. Dinner for 6 with drinks (wine, cocktails) and tax and tip came out to $100 a head. Kind of reasonable for Vegas. Service is spotty, but the ambience is nice and there are some standouts on the menu.
4	Please make a left and hed down the winding escalator, under the beautiful parasoles and you will find the entrance to Danial Boulud Brasserie. We had reservations for 7 girls who were here to have a nice dinner as a bride to be and her bridesmaids kicked off an amazing weekend. We did it right with Boulud! The atmosphere inside seemed a bit dark but classy. We were seated outside by the waterfall which was amazing. They make great cocktails here from a watermelon mojito, flirtini and great classic martinis with a great presentation. Many items were ordered and a few highlights were:The lobster salad- A bit too busy on the plate but great citrus flavor and lots of elements to keep you wanting more. John Dory- a white fish with a delicious buckwheat cakeSteak- not sure which one she got but she said it was very good. 2 orders of pasta and clams, delicious. Moule Frite- Great sauce! Finally a place that makes it well. The only complaint was that the french fries were terrible. Soggy and tasted like they were from a Freezer bag. This definately needs to be redone. Fresh potatos, cut them thinner and crispy please. 2 orders of Jadori Chicken- Very moist and tasty. It really helped that a table sent us over a $500 bottle of Rose Champagne which was fantastic. We also tried the Chocolate cake, souffle, mint and rasberry tart. All were very good. Our table enjoyed the little shows they had going on throughout the night. We loved the flowers. Some were a bit weird but its Vegas so its ok. The price of our meal was about $80 per person including tip. I would definately recommend Boulud for groups as well as couples.
5	Simply Perfection!! But would you expect any less from the Wynn. So I, 2 other bridesmaids and a bride-to-be decide a pre-bachelorette in Vegas is in order. One of the bridesmaids raves about this place and its prix fixe menu. So 2 Saturdays ago, we gussy ourselves up and make our way from the Venetian to the Wynn with empty stomachs and anxious excitement. Our reservation was at 6:30pm, which meant we qualified for the prix fixe menu. How can you say no to having an incredible meal at the Wynn at an amazing price of $39 or $42 (2 or 3 entree). I ordered the Heirloom Tomato salad (left me speechless), Steak Frites and this Chocolate Hazelnut goodness. In addition I ordered the Escargots with Chicken Oysters (*not related to Rocky Mountain Oysters*), which were equally splendid. To  compliment the meal, I selected an incredible Cabernet which was not dry in the least, not too strong of a blend and went down ever so smoothly. Mmmm......vino.And if you stay till 8pm, you can enjoy the brief garden waterfall show. Oh yeah, the ambiance and service = impeccable. The maitre'd could tell we were on a budget and offered lovely wines at reasonable prices without an air of pretence. :)Now, I'm itching to return. Seriously, I'm heading back to Vegas next weekend and trying to see how I can fit this into our schedule...
2	As someone who is fortunate enough to have experienced my share of wonderful fine dining, this restaurant was an enormous disappointment.  My wife and I had very high hopes and expectations for a restaurant bearing the name of such a world-renowned chef.  It started wonderfully as we were greeted by a gracious hostess and given a great seat with a view of the spectacular waterfall and scenery.  Our waiter also seemed very on point.Everything seemed great - but then we ordered food.My wife ordered the foie gras and I got the escargot for starters.  She is a huge foie gras fan but this fell flat.  The cold presentation was ok, but lacked the beautiful creaminess you desire from foie gras.  My escargot started out phenomenal.  It was easily the best dish of the evening.  Nice presentation and great flavors.  However, even this dish was flawed as the bottom of the dish was too salty to really enjoy.The entrees.  Good grief.  The waiter convinced me that the new lamb dish, which had just been added to the menu the day before we arrived, was bursting with North-African flavors.  Wrong.  It was, again, OK.  It was reasonably well cooked, but completely lacking in any type of wow factor.  I wouldn't quite categorize it as bland - but definitely lacking the punch I expected.My wife ordered the beef tenderloin med-rare.  It first came out horrendously overcooked - between med-well and well done.  We sent it back.  The second one came out pretty close to med-well again.  When you are paying top dollar for the type of experience you would expect to have at one of the Wynn's signature restaurants, this is pathetic and unacceptable.  We had to leave for Le Reve (incredible show!) so my wife just had to deal with it.  Obviously, this was not the experience we were expecting.I can not believe that this restaurant would employ such utterly inexperienced line cooks on a Saturday night.  Needless to say, I will not return to this establishment.
5	Wow, I love this place.  I've had a few things here but the things that stand out are the kobe burger and the foie gras.  These things are both to die for.Service here is definitely top notch and the waiters are perfectly pleasant, not overly pleasant where it becomes awkward.  I've only been here twice, but should make a point to come here everytime I'm in vegas.
4	In retrospect, I really regret not ordering the burger. I ask myself, why did you order John Dory? White fish is white fish. It's going to taste like whatever they cook it in. And then a waiter walked by with the burger. When I saw a $30 burger on a menu with truffles and foie gras crammed into it, I thought it was a gimmick for tourists. Now I know that next time I'm in Vegas, I won't even remember eating here, because I didn't order that gimmicky $30 burger.
5	I have been coming to Las Vegas for years now and last week was my first time at Daniel Brasserie.What a fantastic dining experience. The fois gras is to die for, the heirloom salad was delicious, Moules frittes all toped off with a great bottle of Bandol Domain Ott, the best Rose in the world.The service was great, our waiter very attentive and the sommelier knew his stuff. All of that wonderful dining experience with a great "show" in the back.The only thing that I could think of to make it even better, is to space out the tables a bit. We felt some what too close to the other diners.
4	For a $58 all inclusive (tax and tip included; excluding beverages) 3-course pre fixe meal, I'd say Daniel Boulud is definitely a solid bet for 15+ girls celebrating a bachelorette weekend in Las Vegas. The service was impeccable throughout the entire meal... up until our server forgot our dessert and had us wait another 15 minutes for it. But really, I can overlook the dessert mishap given the fact that our meal was delicious. And the warm pear clafoutis was definitely worth the wait. An overall great dining experience... although I might make a note that while the lakeside show is entertaining (though at times, a bit weird and eerie) -- having it go off every 15-20 minutes can be quite distracting and interruptive.
1	I am not sure I have had worse service.  35+ minutes between our kusshi oyster/French onion soup course and the time our entrees arrived. When my foie gras/short rib burger and husband's steak arrived they were ambient temperature. Barely an apology from the server when I asked for our check instead of recooking the meal.  I was shocked and disappointed.  I have always wanted to eat at Boulud, and now never want to attempt again. Suck.
5	Came here for dinner with one thing in mind, the famous DB Burger! ($32, 9oz beef patty stuffed with foie gras and braised shortribs - http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/qmh6zxtJ8C8-YiUPv7ySlw?userid=F_5_UNX-wrAFCXuAkBZRDw)  I've been reading rave reviews about it on Yelp so I had to try it.  Didn't even bother looking at the rest of the menu, though I'm pretty sure everything else is really good.  So yeah, laugh it up that I paid $32 for a burger.  I'm not ashamed, it was so good!!  Burger, fries, and a glass of Muscata....the perfect dinner!  The restaurant itself is really nice inside.  I love how you have an open and up close view of that huge waterfall show outside the Wynn.  The shows were trippy though, but they helped enhanced the ambiance of the place.  I also had a very good waiter.  I liked how he guaranteed that my muscato would be very delicious or else he'd drink it himself if I didn't like it.  I had to apologize to him because I liked it.  Nice overall dining experience for me and I would definitely come here again to try their other entrees.
1	Easiest way to sum up my experience: Very disappointing.I selected Boulud Brasserie over Bouchon for my boyfriend's birthday dinner because we're from the bay area and have dined at Bouchon in Yountville and figured we'd switch it up.  I so wish I'd decided on Bouchon (which I visited for brunch the next morning and at which I had a great experience: http://www.yelp.com/biz/bouchon-las-vegas#hrid:3ZlG-ARCTK3ykIXke6xIpA) instead.We had a 10pm reservation, which is the latest reservation slot they accept.  We arrived and were made to feel as through we were interrupting the conversation of the two hostesses at the desk (they gave the same attitude when my boyfriend asked where the restroom was located).  After a few minutes, we were shown to our table.We were brought some water and proceeded to wait.  And wait.  And wait.  After about ten or fifteen minutes, our server arrived with menus.  A while later he reappeared and said, with a fair bit of urgency and attitude, "Are you ready to order because I have to get your order in now if you want to eat." OK, late reservation, kitchen closing soon, I get it, but he was not at all pleasant about it...and he was the one who made us wait for ten minutes already.  And, if the kitchen closes so quickly after a 10pm reservation, maybe you guys should stop accepting 10pm slots.  Anyway, he then disappeared for close to ten minutes, which is amusing since he was so insistent we order very soon.  It took another sizable chunk of time to get our food too.  We saw two of the water shows outside the patio by the time we got our appetizer...which means we were there for over an hour prior to that.Anyway, we ordered a tomato flatbread to start and I got the moules frites and my boyfriend got the burger.  The flatbread was pretty tasty.  Good, but nothing you couldn't get at a really good pizza place, frankly.  The mussels were mediocre.  Despite the onions and cilantro in the pot in which they were cooked, they didn't have much flavor other than mussel flavor.  The fries were good, though.  My boyfriend wasn't overly impressed with his burger (which is stuffed with foie gras, shortribs, and truffle) either.  The chocolate bombe we ordered for dessert wasn't anything special at all.  Similar to anything you'd get at any average bakery.  They asked me when i made the reservation if we were celebrating anything and I told them it was my fella's birthday, gave his name and everything.  Generally, if a place asks, they're kind enough to bring a little plate of treats or stick a candle in the dessert.  They didn't bring anything or acknowledge his birthday at all.  At some point after we got our flatbread our server was apparently finished with his shift for the evening, as we never saw him again.  Man, even at Chili's they'll tell you if your server is going on a break.  The other people who helped us, bringing food, the check, etc., were very nice.  However, when we left, the girls up front were talking again and when we were about six feet outside the entrance, yelled a cursory, "Thank you" to us.Seriously, I have no idea how this place has a Michelin star.  The service was crap and the food was incredibly mediocre.  Do yourself a favor and find another place to eat in Vegas.
5	I've been here a few times.  It's located at the "lake level" of the Wynn, a hotel that is over-the-top, even by Las Vegas standards.  We were seated promptly after we arrived with an inside view of the waterfall.  The wine list is extensive with quite a few French choices (we had a St. Emilion).  The entree that keeps bringing me back is the artery clogging hamburger ($32 as of September 2009) stuffed with fois gras and short ribs.  It is a must-have.
2	I was extremely disappointed with this restaurant, not only with their food, but also with their service.  First of all, we waited for at least an hour before our food came out of the kitchen.  That was absolutely unacceptable for a restaurant as renowned as DB.  Secondly, their food was unbelievably mediocre.  I don't remember the name of the dish I ordered, but what I do remember is that it was a fish dish and the fish was dry, the broth/sauce was too salty, not to mention, the portion was ridiculously tiny.  Even though I was not impressed with their food, I enjoyed their bread a lot, especially their fig bread.  I expected more from this restaurant and this place had definitely failed to live up to its reputation.
3	Just finished reading the past 4 months of reviews.  Seems the food was not up to par earlier in the summer and they corrected that issue well enough, now the problem has shifted to FOH.Friendly, engaging host staff. 5 Stars (reservations included) We stopped in the previous night and they were full, but she made a pitch to try them the next evening; it worked!The design, style, decor, lighting were all 5 star +  Great attention to detail by FOH staff and mgmt.Service- 2 Stars  Our waiter was very kind, but he should not be serving in that kind of restaurant.  He started out with a very HEAVY pitch for a special cocktail that evening.  No mention of the wine list or anything else.  We were first given only the regular menu and only when we noticed the table next to us with a special menu where we given these menus.  The 3 of us ended up ordering off the special menu.  The waiter never bothered to say we could supplement our meal with some signature items off the main menu.  I ended up ordering a dozen oysters (outstanding) and 2 additional sides.  He took our order and ended up coming back to the table THREE times because he didn't write the order down.  Later on he forgot our sides as well because he never ordered them, but the kitchen did get them to us right away.  Never was there an offer for help or mention of wine selection (he took the menu which I had set aside for a look after our order was taken)  After our food arrived and no sign of the extra sides I had ordered I asked him where they were.  He said what else did you order?  I told him and he pointed out the chicken already had mashed potatoes & did I REALLY want a side order (yes, the 3 of us did!)  Dessert and coffee time came next.  No offer of ANYTHING to go with dessert!  My friend asked for a glass of port and he said "fine" then dropped off a list of all their ports with no offer of help or suggestions.  After processing our credit cards he stayed at the table until he got all 3 copies of the checks.Food- 3 1/2 StarsI loved my meal (oysters, pate, chicken, choc. fondant)2 friends were not as happy.  His chicken dish was missing some seasoning and the artichokes (mine had plenty of both)  The other had his steak cooked to MW, not the M he ordered (server never asked if temp was correct)I went into dining there not expecting ground breaking food, but great product cooked and served to its'  best.  Didn't happen.  I love the menu, the host & support staff & design/ambience.  I was disappointed that the maitre d or manager was not out table touching and checking in with the guests that evening (Tuesday, 9/15 6:30-9:00)  Though I did see them keeping up the standards of table setting with the WA staff.
4	Fun,romantic dining experience. Great service and the best heirloom tomato salad. The $32 burger was outstanding. The water show was very cool. The wynn hotel is amazing.
4	Came here with about 12 other girls, big round table on the patio.  It was a beautiful night and our waiter was smokin'!  He was this french guy who also recommended the wine for us.  The service was wonderful and the view of the water was amazing, especially when they show was on.  We ordered a prix fixe menu and the food was ok, not fabulous, the dessert presentation was really nice and unexpected though.  I'm not sure I'd come back again...too many restaurants to choose from out there!
2	I traveled from NYC to Las Vegas where most of the famous chefs have opened restaurant there, and having experience extraordinary experiences in NYC dining scene including Daniel Boulud Restaurants; I was expecting the same in Vegas... Daniel Boulud Brasserie was a disappointment; and I wish I didn't have to say this because I'm a big fan of Boulud's cuisine.  However, this place was meant for people who don't have much dining experiences, perhaps first-timer fine diners who can't compare others experiences....At time of reservation we were told twice that Jacket was required, we arrived there, and were the only ones wearing jacket; everybody else were wearing casual clothing, jeans, t-shirts, etc...  When you dine at Daniel in NYC they are jacket required and if you are not wearing one, you are not allow to the main dining room... that's the way it should be, but don't ask for a jacket when people are are dressed so casual.   Bread took forever to arrive at the table, the wine took another 30 minutes, we had to ask to move table because they sat us in a corner next to the waiter station, and to worse part was that the food was not memorable, I was disappointed and knowing daniel I know that is not his styles.  Hope they are getting this reviews and actually do something about it; otherwise is just another restaurant in Las Vegas.
3	This was my 1st Michelin Star experience therefore the bar was set pretty high...Maybe too high.Besides the funkadelic show that everyone mentions, the restaurant is nothing spectacular. Decor is standard for a nice brasserie though the area looked a little muddled. Service was standard as our waiter was a little stiff, didn't smile much, and didn't really make us feel that we were special guests. After asking him some standard questions on what's good, he disappeared for 20 minutes and we had to track him down to take our order. Furthermore, he just felt detached like he didnt care much about our needs.Now the food: We had a couple DB burgers and the shortribs. Burger was ok..tasted like a burger..could not differentiate the fois gras, shortrib, and truffle what so ever. Therefore, no impact bites whatsoever. Shortribs were good but again not Michelin star wow good.Overall, a disappointment for my 1st Michelin star experience.
3	I didn't know this restaurant earned michelin star after I was about to review it.  We had a table right next to the water (basically having a high roller friend who gets her VIP access makes your experience better).The service was decent but I wouldn't give it excellent.We had seafood platter, which was good.  The steak that I had was OK, nothing remarkable.  I just feel everything is pretty average here.  For a Michelin star restaurant, they should've done better.Steak...pretty average. I find better steaks in my neighborhood joint. Other than the view...I dont' know what keeping me from coming back.
5	This is quite possibly the best dinner I've ever had, and no wonder, since it's the only restaurant I've ever eaten at with a Michelin star. We were a party of 4 and we arrived over an hour early for our reservations, and they were able to seat us right away without any problems (we wanted to go to a show that would have been a big rush with our original reservation time).The service was great. Our server was a lot of help in ordering, but he was unobtrusive during the meal. The sommelier also helped us pick a nice wine that was in our budget. I didn't notice him at all during the meal, but as soon as I had emptied my wine glass, there he was to refill it.We arrived before 7, so we all ordered the prix fixe menu, which was a great bargain at $42 per person. We also had some oysters and the flatbread for appetizers. We only tried the parsnip soup and the salad off the appetizer menu, but the consensus seemed to be that the soup was better than the salad. The salad was fine, just nothing special. 3 of us ordered the steak frites, and I had the chicken. The chicken entree was absolutely divine. It's hard to do something special with chicken, but this place does it. Everyone seemed to agree that the steak was better than the steak at Craftsteak, where we went the night before. For dessert, we tried the chocolate fondant, and some of the sorbets. I really enjoyed the mango sorbet. They also brought out a plate of miniature cookies. We enjoyed several of the light/water shows during the evening, which helped make it especially memorable.
3	The last time I was here, they had a  trippy vegas show complete with waterfalls, lighting theatrics, and a giant frog singing Louis Armstrong's "What a Wonderful World."  Hmm.  Okay.  It seems to be a crowd pleaser though.  But that's Vegas right?  What's Vegas without the "interesting" entertainment?  I say, "Give the people what they want!"Anyway here's the run down.  The pre fixe menu equals affordability.  The service was great.  However the food was not memorable, which was disappointing.  It was my sister's birthday so she chose the place...and well, I guess the important thing is she liked it...at least I think she did.  Oh well, it was still pleasant to watch the giant green frog lip synching, "Yes, I think to myself/What a wonderful world/Oh yeah."
4	I'm really biased when I want to put the owner in my pocket and carry him around.  Daniel Boulud is just that cute.  Anyway, I really enjoyed my meal here.  There were four of us, and we had an early reservation that had us seated without a problem with a view of the pond outside.  All of us did the prix fixe for $48.  I had the pate, which was whimsically plated and very good.  I and another at my table had the salmon which  paired salty capers with sweet raisins (I think).  I love fish, so there's not a whole lot you could do to fish and disappoint me.   I don't really get excited about dessert, and I honestly can't remember what I got.   The atmosphere made me feel like I wasn't even in Vegas, and beyond the wedding with Elvis in tow, it was quiet and relaxing.
3	I chose this restaurant that last time we were in Vegas because I have heard wonderful things and it had a menu that would please our entire crowd. It is a beautiful place with great hosts and a great sommelier. Our waitress was fine, not friendly but as far as putting food down in front of us went, she was able. We ordered steak frites, some oysters, brussle sprouts and a great bottle of wine.  Overall, I was unimpressed with the food. It was edible and tasty but with all the hoop-la with which this restaurant is surrounded, it should have been better. Will I go back? I suppose. Would I say if you are in Vegas and want a really special meal this should be your pick? No.
3	Just had dinner at Daniel Boulud before the Le Reve show.  Good prix fixe menu at $42 for three-course before 7pm, but we were expecting more from a one michelin star restaurant.  We started with parsnip soup with spicy bread, it was good but not amazing.  The main entree, we had steak frites and their house burger, both cooked well, but blend in taste.  I couldn't taste the truffle in the burger, and I consider myself a truffle hunter!  The setting is relaxing with a big window looking out to the lighted pool pond, not the most romantic place to take a date, but  comfortable enough to be yourself.  Service is very slow here, we had to call for our waiter a few times.
4	This review is for my visit to their bar and specifically going for the Daniel DB burger.  This famous burger is ground sirloin filled with braised short ribs and foie gras goodness!  First off, the burger is ginormous.  I had to asked the bartender how most people stuff this in their mouth.  He said just press down on it, but I was scared to do so.  What about the juices from the patty?!!  So anyway, I managed to press this down and took a bite.  I have to say this is one heck of a burger.  I'm not going to compare it to Five Guys or In-and-Out because it's on a different class.  This is a fine dining restaurant with a darn fine burger, great stuff.  You can taste all the goodness in every bite, the slices of tomato, frisee, and parmesan bun are all awesome together.  It's served with some pommes frites which were good, nothing out of this world.  Also comes with a side of ketchup, mayo, and deli-style mustard, which I must add is rather good.  Don't dip your burger though, as you want to enjoy it as is.Overall, great burger.  Would I get it again?  Probably not anytime soon, but I'd definitely keep this in mind a couple of years from now.  It's $32, but for all you foodies, I recommend it.  The bar service was great and can't complain about anything.
5	We went for the prix fixe dinner (before 7pm), and it was wonderful.  The soup was perfectly creamy, the steak buttery-tender, and the dessert (sorbet) adequately sweet and tart.  Being a DB establishment, the presentation, the atmosphere, and the elegant service did not disappoint.  I suppose I still prefer the famed chef's offerings in NYC (just b/c I'm a biased former New Yorker).  But dinner at DBB on our second night in Vegas was delicious and charming.
4	Sometimes I feel that when you hit up a high end restaurant, you get the luck of the draw. It's one thing to go into a new restaurant with the risk of you not enjoying the food, it's another to pay a boatload for said unenjoyable experience. Not only that, but sometimes the food really does just suck, and it's only expensive because it's the 'it' place to be. I can proudly say that Daniel B's is not one of those places that will disappoint. It's worth the cash if you want to spring for it. Meals range from 50 to 100 dollars, but the food is exceptional. I'm a big fan of pate, and this place had a lot of different ones. I myself had the Duck Tarine, which was awesome. The flavor was strong, but you could really taste the duck without having it hidden behind all the salt and spices. I also had a pumpkin escargo pate combo which was also very very good. My main course was the sonoma chicken, but my group had a variety of things so I tried a little bit of everything. The chicken was great. Not dry at all and served with potatoes and shallots, which were all very tasty. Not too salty, and the meat was great. The one dish I do recommend (if you're a dainty eater) is the scallops. My friend had them, and the flavor really sits in your mouth. Not the biggest plate on the table, but surely the best tasting. The highest mark I would give would be the service. Best service ever. Not only was the waiter very friendly, and gave us honest opinions about his choices of meal, but the staff itself was very catering. It was like every 5 minutes there was someone to top off your drink or water or sweeping your bread crumbs. And they did it in a manner that was discreet, so your conversation would go uninterrupted. Great. There are a lot of different places to spend your cash in Vegas, but I would say I'm really glad I spent it here. Not a waste of money at all.
2	I must have hit the wrong day cause my experience was less than stellar.   2 good things...the view and the veal shank. The staff was extremely snoottie.  We might as well been dining at TGIF with the staff that didn't seem to care. I'm far from being anyone famous but waitstaff randomly changed hands towards the end even though we were the last to be seated, $36 for 2 glasses of b-day champagne and the waitress never even offered a selection of brands. And after we called for the manager she denied compensation for b-day celebration of the champagne. I'm sure if Tiger Woods was there he'd have his whole meal paid for.... DO NOT SPEND YOUR MONEY DINING HERE! Go elsewhere
5	Continuing on my Daniel Boulud kick, and since a group of us were going to be in Las Vegas for our annual holiday dinner (where every year we try a restaurant we've never been to), I bullied my friends into trying Daniel Boulud Brasserie.  And everything was stellar (in contrast with the Manresa fiasco of '07, and even the lukewarm Bradley Ogden dinner of '08).We were seated promptly, per our reservation, with a fairly good view of the water feature outside the floor-to-ceiling glass windows, so we were entertained the entire evening.  The service was just attentive enough, and well-trained, but unpretentious.And then there is the FOOD.  All my worries that maybe this umpteenth Daniel Boulud restaurant wouldn't live up to original Daniel standards went out the window when we dug into our first courses.  The seared foie gras wasn't the best I'd ever had, but it came pretty close and was a beautifully large, plump portion with yummy veggie fixings wading in a shallow pool of light broth/sauce.  Indeed everything was generously portioned, from the Caesars salad down to the well-known Daniel Boulud braised short ribs (which was melt-in-your-mouth perfection paired deliciously with my favorite winder veggie, brussel sprouts, on a bed of parsnip puree).  The ribeye-for-2 served along side bone marrow (both out-of-this-world good), two sauces and greens was too much for even two grown men with above average appetites!  The combination of lobster with apple, celery and hearts of palm was a tasty success, as was the scallops with cauliflower three ways.And definitely save room for dessert.  Great choices include the apple tatin (or anything tatin, I'm sure, since his tatins change seasonally), and the chocolate-peanut bombe.And what made it all the better was how we were welcomed with smiles by everyone, and made comfortable by the staff.  Maybe it is just the nature of Las Vegas (versus NY), guaranteeing a much more diverse clientele, but It didn't appear that anyone was treated differently.  Or maybe it was because I and most of my party were in cocktail attire, slightly dressier than the business casual I donned for Cafe Boulud.  In any case, it was a great meal.  It seems these days you can spend $100/person and still be disappointed.  It's nice to know there are places like Daniel Boulud Brasserie, which was worth every penny.
5	This restaurant was fantastic and exceeded my expectations completely!The decor is understated and lovely, and almost every table has a view of the Wynn's weird water show.  The staff was helpful, friendly, and knowledgeable without being condescending.But most importantly, everything we ate was absolutely delicious!  We started with a caesar salad and a selection of cheeses. I'm a big cheese fan and was very impressed with the variety and quality of what they offered. It came accompanied with a selection of breads (sweet French, country bread, and something with figs in it); honey, quince paste, dried apricots, marcona almonds and some apple. We reveled in every bite.As a vegetarian, I was offered some off-menu items as a main course, but instead I decided to make a collection of sides - pommes puree and "super spinach".  The potatoes were absolutely perfect - smooth and creamy. And I don't know what they did to the spinach but it was perfectly cooked and so flavourful!My husband had the Burger - a sirloin burger stuffed with short ribs, foie gras, and truffle sauce on a parmesan bun. He couldn't stop smiling the entire time he ate it and kept talking about it the rest of the trip.Dessert was a lovely lemon meringue concoction - a rectangle of tart lemon accompanied by candies lemon peel and a basil ice cream, which was the perfect compliment.  We also received complimentary sweets which were also fabulous!This is my new favourite spot in Vegas and we will certainly go back every time!
3	Michelin star, really? The stars are based on the food, not decor or service. So how? I don't see it.Lets start with the food. My ceasar salad was delicious, not drenched in dressing. Can't screw up a salad though right? The foie gras, was not so terrible either. It was seared then placed into a broth. I could do without the broth. My duck breast was cooked perfectly. However, the huckleberry sauce was unexciting. I understand you want to add some type of acid to the fatty duck, and huckleberry sounds nice, but doesn't pair well. My friends had the DB burger, the scallops, and the steak frites. Scallops came out rather well. As for the famous DB burger, I would suggest you opt out. For $32 its just not worth it. The ingredients are super fancy: foie gras, black truffles, and kobe beef. However when you bite into it, you taste only the burger. The truffles and foie get masked and you taste none of it. As for Steak frites, goto bouchon next door, they won't disappoint.I would say next time, show up early and go for the menu prix fixe.  Or just choose another place all together.So how this place earned a Michelin Star is still a mystery to me. I've been here twice and neither time truly impressed.With that said, service is pretty decent. It should be for how much you shell out on this place. Decor is beautiful.
5	Where else can you waltz in without reservations, watch a gigantic frog and mermaid apparitions in an aquatic puppet show, play blackjack between courses, and take courtesy visits from top-notch hospitality professionals while eating Michelin-star food?From what I recall of what we ate:Oysters: flawlessCheese plate: excellentFoie gras- and shortrib-stuffed hamburger: outrageously opulent -- fast all day if you plan on ordering this!
3	I wish I could give this place more stars but I just didn't find this place worth the price and frankly expected better from an accomplished French chef and a Michelin rated place.  The cheese plate and dessert were great, but our main courses lacked creativity and taste.  The scallops were just OK, we've had better in San Francisco in much more casual places and half the price and the turbot dish just wasn't good, it had a thin toast on it which I'm still not sure the purpose of and it dried out an already dry dish.  The fish lacked flavor and moisture and there was more spinach under it than the fish itself.  The service wasn't great either, our waiter forgot about our wine so we enjoyed the cheese sans wine.  We did however land a great window side table and saw the water show which  added to the ambiance.  But $200 later we were not that pleased and we can appreciate a great pricey culinary experience but for this price tag, we expected great food and service.  On the fun side we did have a family next to us that were so amazed by the water show, the nice bathrooms and then spend about 10 minutes discussing which place to go and shoot AK-47 and other guns with the waiter, I wish he gave us that much attention.  My night ended at 2am after a night out I had eggs Benedict...
4	This was the best meal we had while in Vegas. The service was a little spotty at first since we had to wait around for about 5 minutes before anyone came by. I think there was some miscommunication from the host and our server, but after that it was great.The real reasons to go to this restaurant are the great light/waterfall show outside while you're eating, and of course the fantastic food.Try to get a seat close to the lagoon outside, that's the place to be.Started out with the caesar salad that was great. I've never had avocado in that type of caesar but it made it better than usual ones.We got the 40oz ribeye for two and it's certainly enough for 3 people. This was a beautiful dish. Expertly cooked, seasoned, and sliced. It came with some bone marrow that was great with the steak. If you're a steak lover this is the dish to get. Other tables were impressed with the dish and probably were crying on the inside they didn't get it.We had a chocolate souffle for dessert, which was great. A better version of the molten chocolate cake you've had at TGI Friday's.Expect to drop about $100 a person. Loved this meal!
5	DBB has been my go-to restaurant in Vegas for solo dining at odd hours. I've always shown up without a reservation. It's always packed when I go, and yet they've always managed to devise some way of accommodating me. The service and the food are consistently top-notch. The pace of service is good, the seafood and meat fresh. I usually go for their specials or something non-traditional and I've always been impressed. The service, however, is inconsistent. The rating I conferred them does not reflect this, as my own experiences have been consistently wonderful, but I've noticed other diners receiving varying levels of treatment. For example, I received amuse-bouche when other tables did not, and other waiters made obvious efforts to upsell when mine did not. I will continue to frequent DBB. It remains one of the most satisfying and down-to-earth fine dining experiences in Vegas.
5	If anyone asks me what my favorite restaurant is. This is it.  I had one of the best meals of my life here.  Literally everything I had was out of this world.  But taking the cake was the Duo or Deux or whatever the name is (i can't remember, its been a while and i still have dreams about this dish), basically its a petite filet and a braised short rib.  The filet is awesome as expected, but the short rib steals the show, not only of the dish, but of anything you have ever tasted.  Resist the urge to order the burger, because it sounds so amazing and unique and it is, but the short ribs..... O mannnnnnI am literally planning my next trip to Vegas, just to eat at this restaurant.PS I heard rumors of it closing and I almost cried. This cannot be true! At least I hope not!
3	Everyone loves Boulud, but somehow the food didn't sing to me.  The other problem with the restaurant is that it's very large, very loud, and very "Vegas".  French food is already very complex in flavor and it was near impossible trying to decipher it against the sustained buzz of that many patrons.  If you do end up deciding to squeeze your way onto the dinner list, request a table by the windows for a full view of the creepy Wynn watershows on the quarter hour.| Scallops |The little condiments and the sauce have a nice strong tone against the softness of the seared scallops.  Request your waiter to make SURE these are slightly underdone so that they're just right by the time they get to the table.  Boulud service can be a little spotty so I take it upon myself to see to the proper precautions.| Escargot & Egg Flan |I'd get this dish simply for the delish sage gnocchis, but the delicate flavor of escargot was lost in the overpowering combination of potato, onion, and flan in a fully buttered sauce.| Daniel's Kobe/Foie/Truffle Burger |Honestly, a burger is a burger.  I couldn't taste the foie nor the truffle against such a hearty hunk of beef.  And a burger with a sad tomato and a wilted lettuce will garner as much respect at a fine restaurant as it does in a burger bar.  The fries on the side are good though!| Brussel Sprouts |A mix of pan roasted brussel sprouts and chestnuts stewing in a nice pool of butter.  It's very rich and savory, but I like mine done in a lighter fashion.  You've GOT to love butter if you come dine at this place.Pricey for the quality of experience:Dinner for 2 w/wine = $260
5	I ate here last year in summer, but the food was so fantastic that I still remember how great it was.This restaurant has outstanding service and impeccable dishes.  I ate the escargot, chilled seafood platter, braised short rib, and lamb.  Everything was beautifully plated, and tasted exquisite.  There was definitely umami in every bite.You must give this place a try.  For having a michelin star, the prices are lower than expected.  They have excellent wine choices, great view from every table in the restaurant of the pool in front (that has a show every hour), and the service--as I've stated--is excellent!  Their dessert is divine, too.  The chef gave our table complimentary petit fours at the end of the meal as well.Worth every penny, and every bite!
5	Started with a cheese flight of three cheeses which were all amazing, along with escargot which was tasty, though not as good as I had in Paris. I suppose that's to be expected. I had the steak frites and boyfriend had filet mignon with roasted mushrooms on the side. Every bite was amazing. Perfectly cooked and seasoned steaks, fries were outstanding.Dessert was a chocolate hazelnut fondant with hazelnut ice cream which was all heavenly.To accompany dinner I had the best tasting cosmo I've ever had. The bartender told me that he makes it with citron vodka and replaces the lime juice with lemon. It was outstanding.The service was fantastic as well. Very attentive (but not so much that he became annoying) waiter. He was actually concerned that we had ordered too much food and suggested my boyfriend not order fries and just steal off my plate.The guys at the table next to us had the famous burger and I was so curious how they were going to fit it in their mouths, but it seemed to squish down fairly compact, so if anyone's squeamish about ordering it for fear of how to eat it, fear not! It's possible!
2	Oh dear, how very average.  Actually the food was average and the service was below average.  Mr. Mingvase was celebrating his birthday and this was the place he wanted to do it, so I made the reservation and asked for a great table.  Now this is of course a personal choice and some people love it but for me sitting outside was the worse seating - you couldn't get a sense of the restaurants atmosphere and when the big frog started singing a country song in his cowboy hat we knew it was time to ask to be indoors.  The move to an indoor table took about 15 minutes with noone bothering to stop by to ask how we were doing or if we needed a drink while we waited.  Eventually the MOD came by and asked if everything was OK and re-seated us right away.  She was great and we were looking forward to our evening.Our next server was slow and so not interested in giving great service, it was weird.  Oh well, the food would make up for it right?  Not so much.  I had the pate to start which was really great, but nothing I hadn't tasted before.  Next on to duck for me (I think, can't remember to be honest, totally forgettable) and steak medium-rare for the b'day boy.   However the steak came out medium to well and had to be sent back - seriously a kitchen of this quality can't get that right?  And one of my biggest pet-peeves is that my food is in front of me getting cold as I wait for the other dish to come back for the next 10 minutes with no server in sight to deal with it.  Ugh.  This time lapse did give me the opportunity to "over hear" the conversation between the table next to us and their server - she questioned why she was being charged $28 for 1 glass of wine, the server said that she asked him to make a suggestion and that is what he bought for her.  It was all so uncomfortable and felt tacky.Anyhoo, don't spend your winnings here or if you do lower your expectations.
2	I wouldn't be so harsh on my review if this place wasn't a four star restaurant with a famous award winning chef. I expected a lot and was shocked at what was lacking.  First, the restaurant had no daily specials.  How does a restaurant of this caliber not have daily special entrees?? No fresh ingredients that was flown in for that week? No special entree that the Chef has created just for that day? Not a single special?? Second, my friend had a steak and it was tough as hell.  TOUGH.  My jaw hurt eating it.  It wasn't overcooked, it was literally the quality of the meat, or perhaps they didn't know to rest the meat afterwards. Whatever it was, the steak was horrible and a fifty dollar steak should never be like that. What a disappointment.Third, my mussels were not fresh.  Unacceptable.  It wasn't all bad, the duck pate and the braised ribs got rave reviews, but other than that and the service, the food itself was disappointing. I refuse to believe that the chef has been anywhere near the restaurant in recent months. If he was, someone of his background would never serve meat of that quality.
3	I've tried Daniel Boulud a couple of times and it wasn't all that I expected. I believe we just ate there each time because the other fine dining restaurants were full and weren't taking anymore reservations.I've had fish with wine and my date had some kind of poultry with wine as well. We weren't all that impressed. Tell you the truth, the couple of other times I ate there I don't remember what I ordered because nothing was all that fascinating and I wasn't in awe.The first time we tried it we sat inside which was okay. The second time around we ate outside which was very beautiful with the waterfall and the water show that comes on every 15-30 minutes. After sitting outside the second time, I've always sat outside. From time to time, you'll see celebrities come and dine there. Once, I was dining outside and Dean Cain came and sat right next to our table. I believe that was the only highlight of that day which says a lot. If you are planning to dine at a fancy French restaurant I would recommend Alex @ The Wynn next to Wing Lei. Although, Alex may be a tad bit more expensive.
4	$32 hamburger! I'm in? So I did it. I tried this infamous $32 dollar burger. It was definitely tasty and had super high quality meat, but $32 is still a stretch. What impressed me more was their awesome seafood tower. The crab and oysters were amazing. Some of the best I've had. The restaurant has two levels. Ask for the one closer to the window, the upper level made us feel a bit disconnected. The bar is also great. Perfect for some champagne and oysters.
4	Still a fantastic restaurant and it seems like they've stepped it up a bit from my last visit.Had the "Taste of Wynn" menu and enjoyed the green salad, scallops and apple tatin.  All were prepared beautifully and seasoned perfectly and pleased my tastebuds.Excellent service, lovely atmosphere and definitely a place I want to go back to!!Taste of Wynn is only available before 7pm so make sure your reservations are for 6:30 at the latest if you want to have that.  You can also have the taste of wynn menu even if nobody else at the table wants to have it.  Excellent option though since you get to try some excellent cuisine at a lower price.
5	If you love french food like i love french food, this will make you sing.. if you are going to spend the money to experience this place, you MUST MUST MUST be out on the terrace with a good view of the little water show.. it is SO CUTE!This place is very romantic and yet quaint.. very french... I had cheeses and charcuterie and risotto and more.. I would totally go back again...  i adore it!
4	Ambience: 4 starsFood: 4 starsService: 4 starsPresentation: 3 starsThe scoop:I ordered the caviar, foie gras, and the duck confit. I have to say all dishes were quite exquisite. I'll skip the review on the caviar as there's really no special preparation for it; although I will say that you do get a nice set of condiments and sides with it, including blinis, toasted bread triangles, crumbled hard boiled eggs (separated into yolk and whites), onions, and, of course, creme fraiche.The duck foie gras was excellent; the quality you would expect from such a delicacy. Cutting into it was like cutting through air, and the pieces just melt in your mouth. Most French restaurants I've been to smother the foie gras with flavor, but what was nice about the dish here is that the sauce was minimal, so most of the flavor was the meat. Eating it was akin to biting into a juicier and more tender steak.The duck confit was the most tender duck I've had in my life. I never had to use the knife. Like the foie gras, I barely swiped the duck with my fork and the pieces came apart without hesitation. The seasoning was perfect; it had a complex flavor, and yet it did not overpower the flavor of the meat.I can't say too much about the presentation of the food. It was decent, and the dishes didn't look sloppy, but there wasn't anything special that gave me the sense the food is fine dining. Presentation is not really a factor in my overall score though; it's really just the icing on the cake for me.The ambience was top-notch, but it really depends on what you are looking for. Some might disagree, but I wouldn't say the restaurant is very romantic -- primarily because the room is loud. If you want a more intimate atmosphere, I wouldn't recommend the place. But, if noise isn't a concern for you, everything else is very nice. I would say the place itself is little bit above your standard, candle-lit restaurant, but what makes the place feel grandeur is the color-changing waterfall outside. One moment, it looks like a scene from Avatar; another moment, you're taken to the cherry blossom fields of Japan. This alone makes this place have one extra star above average for ambience. Don't have too much to say about the service. I didn't have to wait long for my menu, order, and check, and the waiter came by periodically to check up on us and our water.
4	We were surprised to see that the prix-fixe menu was under $50 at a 1-star Michelin restaurant.  We were seated in the section that opens to the outside with a view of the fountain.  It was a great view and atmosphere.  We ordered the caesar salad, the famous $32 burger the poussin but i forgot the desserts.  The salads good but were nothing special.  The poussin was very juicy and full of flavor.  It was a good sized portion and was a very satisfying dish.  The burger was good.  Fois gras, truffle, pulled shortribs in a burger?  It was good but I don't think it was worth $32.  It's one of those things that you'd order just to try but probably wouldn't order it again. Overall, we had a pretty good experience at Daniel Boulud.  The food was above average and the price for a Michelin restaurant was well within reason.
4	I ordered the lobster bisque which was super yummy! And thr sears scallops. Scallops were good but way too pricey for the amount of food you get. Very good place to eat but definitely expect for it to put a dent in your wallet for a smaller portion.
4	This place isn't bad. Very helpful and knowledgeable servers with items off the menu and wine list. For starters, we ordered the fois gras au torchon and escargots. One bite of the fois gras and it made the hairs on my arm stand up! Very rich. Escargots was also a big hit within our group.I ordered the ribeye for two, medium-rare, and it came out fabulous. They had even sliced up the ribeye so no need to butcher the ginormous piece of meat!My buddy ordered some fancy bottle of French red wine that sealed the deal with our entire meal. Overall, this place is super fancy and seems like a very romantic dining destination for those wanting to impress your significant other.
4	I've been a big fan of Daniel Boulud and have followed his career for a long time. We made reservations to eat here before a show and it did not disappoint. We arrived promptly for our reservation and were led outside to their beautifully appointed terrace on the lake of dreams at The Wynn. I got the green salad to start and it was wonderful. Fresh, seasonal and perfectly dressed (I hate a soggy salad and it's a sure sign it's just been sitting in the back waiting to be ordered.) The salad had a lot of bright flavors from the frisee and avocado and a nice acidic touch from Meyer lemon. My husband had the lobster bisque which was served with a croquette and poured table side. It was a very elegant presentation and tasted delicious to boot. I sometimes hesitate to order a lobster bisque because I usually find the brandy flavor to be overwhelming to the delicate lobster but this one was perfectly balanced and delectable.For our mains I had the duck confit l'orange with shaved foie gras over lentils which was delicious. The duck was meltingly tender and the skin crispy while the lentils provided a nice earthy contrast to the richness of the duck. My husband had the braised short ribs which did not need a knife to be cut, they were fork tender and he thoroughly enjoyed it. For our dessert we ordered a hazelnut chocolate souffle with creme anglaise which was beautifully presented and I was surprised to see they wrote "Happy Birthday Cathy" on my plate (it was my birthday a few days before.) It was a lovely touch. Overall a nice dinner and I would highly recommend Daniel Boulud to anyone visiting the Las Vegas.
3	When my husband turns to me and says Nations has a better burger than here you know we have a problem. We were not impressed with the $32 burger. But their cheese platter was definitely worth getting and my mussels were really delicious. The service was great too but if you want a burger go somewhere else.
4	Seriously good eats.  Great atmosphere, great food.  Here's a tip: the bar is a very cool place to hang out and they serve the entire food menu.  Great for the solo lunches/dinners.
5	Everything was perfect from the cocktails to the fromage plate. Oh, how I wish I had one of their fromage plates right now!! I'm a die hard cheese lover so I thought that I had died and gone to... cheese heaven.I ordered a creamed asparagus soup because I knew why I was there... for the cheese. After the Frommage plate (We had the Tour de France) I really had no room left over for an entree. My date bought some sort of prime rib dish and it was fabulous melt in your mouth. I would go here again even though I still have so many places in Vegas to explore- probably just for the fromage plate.
5	I'm not french but my name is Daniel and I've been working on looking french and acting like a frenchman. You americans suck.the summer salad had 12 vegetable crudite. yes. 12. it was simple yet complex. very delicious.I next ordered the Sea bass. I dont know that I've had better but the best by far was the rasberry pistachio tart. I would likely have just continued to eat one if it were put in front of me until my insides exploded, with goodness and then ate it again. gross.great views of the wynn waterfall and little shows.
4	Overall the place is great, especially if you get seated next to the window where you can enjoy a good meal and watch the lightshow in the background.Seabass - absolutely delicious! melts in the mouth, probably the best I had so farSteak and frites - pretty good tooo, but you can get similar at mastros or other high end steak rest.Caeser salad - good mix of dress and salad, typicalMushrooms - pretty good, weren't extremely salty like other placesBurger - I was a little disappointed, it was suppose to be the best but it didn't taste that great at all.Corkage fee is 50 dollars per bottle, it's a bit pricey. We had a bottle of Syrah and Dom, so added up pretty high. Total bill was 400 for 4 people, not too bad for vegas fine dining. Our waiter was such a cute nerd and was great!
5	This is what Las Vegas Fine Dining is all about.  The best part is that it is semi-affordable if you do your research.  They have an awesome Taste of Wynn Prix Fix that is $49 a person for three courses, no matter what you order from it you are minimum getting a free dessert, and in my case ( ordering Steak Frites at original $43) you are basically get first and third course free.   For being a Michelin star restaurant that is UNHEARD of.  The catch?  you have to be there between 5-7 and everyone knows it's a little hard to stick to a schedule when in Vegas.  And since it's staying lighter earlier now, you may miss that Frog show that everyone talks about.  Though we didn't see this "show" , the waterfall and lights in the background still provided a beautiful backdrop to dinner.  I've been to a handful of Michelin star places and have been dining in Las Vegas since my parents have been dragging me as a little girl, and this place could be one of my favorites.  The food is the perfect mix of unique/creativity while still having comforting recognizable flavors.  And they dont just slather sauce on everything and call it French.  They actually use quality ingredients and leave surprises throughout the dishes.   And even the Prix Fix HUGE portions, to the point where a carnivore like me was considering leaving some left on the plate.  On to the dishes.  We started off with one ordering the broccoli soup and the Duck Terrine for first course.  This soup is honestly one of the best soup EVER, it's broccoli soup on steroids- creamy and silky with bits of fresh veggies and some kind of pepper topped with huge French bread croutons that have melted cheese on them.  It was like French onion soup concept on a broccoli soup.  SO GOOD.  The duck terrine was very tasty as well, its like this fatty thick slice of cold cut that came with red onion marmalade, thick mustard spread and variety of cute little pickled veggies.  You get some thick bread to cut down all the fat and salt from the duck and it's so good in combination.  It was really hard to finish esp as a first course and I'm not one to complain of getting TOO much food, but it's really a dish you must share or else you might be too full for the main course.  The second course we got the Sonoma chicken and the steak frites.  The chicken was literally like half a bird - skin on topped with delicious crumble topping with this thick sauce and potatoes and other veggie goodies.   The steak frites was so good, a huge portion again and the frites were piping hot all uniform shaped with no dinky overfried pieces- served with garlicky aioli sauce.  It almost seemed like they tossed the fries in light amt of vinegar too and I LOVE that kind of flavoring.   The one thing I was a bit upset about was I ordered the steak at medium and it came out medium well.  If it wasn't still juicy and tasty I would have been more upset.  Now onto desert- we ordered the apple tartin and the chocolate hazelnut fondant.  Usually I don't expect much in from dessert in restaurants, since they don't specialize in it.  But I guess I should have known better since this was a French place- thy were SO GOOD and so detailed.  For example the apple tartin was a display of 5 different ways to eat apple- the apple poached, the apple chips, dried apple, apple jelly, and apple sauce.  The chocolate was thick and delicious with coffee ice cream and a surprise chocolate piece under the ice cream.  And the chef sent out petite fours in true classy French style.  As for service, the waiters and servers were very informative, patient and pleasant.  They weren't snobby or overbearing and checked in just enough times to make us feel comfortable but not too many times to be bothersome.  They brought dishes out quickly/timely and also tended to our every request particularly turning on the heating lamp.  The only DISLIKE I have about this place is the snobby hostess.   There was no smile no welcome and only a downward look of her beady little eyes.  She ushered us out of sight barely listening to our seating preference.  She barely squeezed out a thank out as we walked out and only did so bc I looked RIGHT IN her eye.  No hostess has the right to be that condensing to customers.  We may look young, but we are most likely older then you and would not come the restaurant if we couldn't pay for the food.  For all she knew we could have been saving for a month and saving DB for a special occasion or we just hit the jackpot and is splurging .  No matter, don't treat customers like that. I don't care if you are 5 ' 10'' with a perfect body, you are still a hostess- do your job.In summary- This is THE Vegas dining experiance.  Over the top/beautiful/borderline tacky atmosphere, BIG portions, detailed delicious food, free things thrown in , and a big side of snob.
3	We had the special (pork something or the other)............................... it was not special. The best part of that dinner was the bottle of wine we finished as we faced the Wynn's pond with the floating balls.
5	This was the only thing I found that I liked in Las Vegas. That's probably a slight exaggeration- but gambling and craziness isn't my scene.  This restaurant was.  There's a beautiful patio outside where you can looking at a falling water fountain, and if it's dark, periodic light shows.  The atmosphere would be really great for a date.My food was also delicious. I was with a friend who had never had Escargot, so we tried that. It was a non-traditional preparation, but interesting.  Then, for my main course I had the scallops. The texture was perfect.The waiter managed to talk me into the Meyer Lemon Dessert. It was fabulous. The lemon was delicious, but moreover it came with BASIL ICE CREAM.  It may have been the best ice cream I've ever had.Definitely go here if you're in Vegas.
5	A beautiful restaurant, amazing food and a beautiful free show! I had the filet and it was perfectly cooked, medium rare of course. It just melted in my mouth. The black truffle fries that came with were divine. I went with my girlfriend and a couple friends and were seated on the patio with a front row seat to the waterfall show they have at Wynn Las Vegas. It was a wonderful experience. Everyone enjoyed their food and my friend said his burger was the best he ever had. It was a kobe beef burger stuffed with black truffles and foie gras. The wait staff was on point. My only complain was the hostess seemed a little snooty when I asked for a table on the patio. We had reservations and we showed up about 30 minutes early so I figured they could accommodate us with little problem. We did get our perfect patio table but not without a little bitching from the hostess. All is well, I won. Anyway, it was a top notch meal. What else can you expect from a Michelin star restaurant. Definitely would return if there wasn't so many great places to try in Vegas.
4	Take a little Daniel Boulud's Restaurant Expertise and combine it with the Wynn Casino flair. The restaurant is situated in the Wynn Casino and has an upfront view of the Wynn Waterfall which does a excellent water, & light show every 30 mins during the evenings. The 3-5 min shows rotate throughout the night, so you are guaranteed to see something different. The Tuna Tartar was very good, with tuna over creme fraiche. The special terrine was very flavorful. We also had the DB Burger, which is an amazing combination of a 80/20 chuck meat burger stuffed with short ribs, topped with foie gras, on a truffle sprinkled brioche bun. Great burger & worth the $32. Amazing service as well.
4	Having never eaten at the Wynn, I looked forward to dining in such a prestige place that is known for their luxurious hotel and casino.  There were 12 of us in a big round table outside overlooking the brilliance  display of color in and around the waterfall.  Besides the exquisite food they offer, it was a real treat that they had watershow throughout your dining experience.  It is similar to that of the Bellagio's which makes you wonder how this water shows came to be.  Probably that person had some inspirations from the Bellagio.  The food was exquisite.  We ordered the prefix meals which consist of an appetizer, main course and dessert.  Hands up to the sirloin steak.  Absolutely to die for.  Made just like you order and even better.  They had fries on the side which was very good.  Not oily and crunchy.  I can't say enough about their desserts.  You have to try them all.   Knowing how much I spent dining here, I left very content and pleased with the food and the 5stars service.  I guess you do pay for what you get.  It is pricey but worth every penny of it.  I mean, you are in Vegas dining at Wynn.  Need I say more?......
4	Sooo good.  First, our server knew what he was talking about.  And seemed to really have a passion for food.  The fig bread that came with our dinner was soo good.  Me and my friend had to literally force ourselves to stop eating so much of it before our main course. I ordered the duck confit and it was very tasty.  Sorry I cant really remember what I had for appetizer and dessert but I remember I had no complaints and was really satisfied.  Also the huge dancing frog outside by the waterfall was a nice suprise lol. if youre lucky enough to be sitting by the window you'll know what im talking about.
4	i don't care for the plastic veneer of casino restaurants, but what truly matters is the food. and the service. both were great when i went. come on, it's daniel boulud, and he knows what he's doing. he's definitely done a great job staffing this location. and no, i don't work there.
5	I don't eat French food very often, but after dining at Daniel Boulud's, I think I can safely put it up there among my favorite types of cuisine.  My dinner there was one of the best dining experiences I have ever had.  Both the quality of the service and of the food were superb.  I have to give a special shout out to our waiter, Paco, who took really great care of us all night especially when we weren't unsure about what to order.Since we had a large group, I got to try several things on the menu.  The Braised Short Ribs were hands down one of the most delicious things I've ever eaten.  This dish alone is worth 5 stars.  The meat was so tender, moist and juicy that I could easily cut it with my fork like a hot knife through butter.  The fois gras was also amazingly good.  My condolences to the duck or goose.  I also recommend the escargots.  How can you not like anything cooked in butter?  I was not a very big of of the veal though.  A bit too dry.  Because we were there for a birthday, they did give us a free dessert.  Overall a wonderful experience and I would love to go back!
5	I can understand why people are not wow-ed when they come here, but you have to realize it's Daniel Boulud's "Brasserie" not Daniel's 3 Michelin rated restaurant in New York City.I still found this Brasserie elegant and it wasn't casual at all. When there's linens and a sommelier involved, that does it for me ;) Prices are comparable to Bouchon, but the food and style here are a lot more high end.We went with the $49, 3 course prix -fixe which was definitely a great deal. I started out with the foie gras appetizer (delicious and tasty!), had the salmon for the main course, and the chocolate hazelnut for dessert. I really enjoyed my meal here. The service was outstanding during our experience here, and they were able to seat us inside but opened the patio area so we were facing the beautiful Wynn 90 foot high waterfalls.Unfortunately, Daniel Boulud Brasserie is planning to close in late summer at this location, and will be replaced with a seafood restaurant.
4	We were seated with friends out on the patio and enjoyed some fun entertainment with the water feature/show.  We opted for the $49 3 course prix-fixe menu, which was very good.  I had the salad, salmon and chocolate hazelnut cake and my wife had the French onion soup, sirloin and the same dessert.  The salmon was amazing!  It was farm raised, rather than fresh caught, but still very, very good and cooked perfectly.  I would highly recommend it.  The salad and desert were OK, but the coffee ice cream exceptional.  My wife's first sirloin was overcooked and had a very "chewy" center.  The hostess encouraged her to send it back, which she did.  The second one was perfect.  Great service.  One of our friends ordered the mussels, which I would have next time, best dish I tasted all night with the possible exception of the duck pate'.  Great atmosphere, great location and a wonderful restaurant!!
4	5 for mine, but only 3 for my wife's. This was a great night for my wife and me. We arrived and were seated in one of the couch tables over looking the lake/waterfall. I liked this because we got to cuddle up for the light shows and in between course with our wine. The atmosphere was romantic and I felt as if we weren't in the hustle and bustle of Vegas. The staff was attentive without being invasive. Our server and sommelier were very helpful and gave great recommendations. I started with the Escargot. I had never had it and it came highly recommended. The didn't come in the shell, which was nice for a beginner. It came with spetzle, peas and a garlic flan. They were delicious, kind of a beefy clam for those who have not had them. I would go back for just this. My wife had the Broccoli Veloute. It was pureed broccoli with roasted broccoli on top. It was simple and tasty. She seemed to really enjoy it. I had a few bites and thought it was great. I had the short rib over potato puree. The beef fell apart by just touching it. They gave me a knife, but I did not need it. It was seasoned and cooked perfectly. The accompaniment of potatoes, so creamy, and al dente carrots was just perfect. It was the dish I was hoping for. My wife had the Sonoma Chicken. I was disappointed with it and I think she was too. The chicken was cooked perfectly, but it was bland and boring. It was not what one would expect form this level of restaurant. We split a dessert. We had the warm chocolate cake with coffee ice cream. It was good, not great. I think my wife enjoyed it more than I did; don't get me wrong if it was in front of me I would gladly eat it, but not order it again. Overall this was a wonderful and romantic evening, I would just avoid the chicken.
3	I give this 3.5 stars because this restaurant is better than A-OK but my experience didn't meet the four stars and here's why...We as in gf and I got the three course early bird dinner.  On the early bird menu it said foie gras terrine but what I got seemed to be duck pate (which was also on the regular menu).  Perhaps I don't know my food well enough but it seemed to me that what we got was pate and not foie gras.  The course wasn't delicious, it was had it, tried it, finished.  We both had the steak which was well cooked.  The problem was they gave me her steak (medium rare) and they gave her my steak (medium).Dessert was quite ordinary, thai ice tea ice cream (if I remember correctly) and a chocolate dessert which was too heavy for my taste.  I shouldn't have ordered the 3 course meal and should have went for the burger, the DB burger.  The service at the restaurant so so.  Perhaps it was because we ordered the early bird dinner and only ordered one cocktail.  I felt rushed, didn't feel the waiter wanted to wait on us, just wanted to go through the motions and so the next table could come in.Next time I will try the regular dinner menu and not go for the early bird dinner.
4	This should probably be a 3.5, but I upgraded due to the one bite of my wife's food.We got a nice seat on the patio so we could see the shows, and that certainly adds ambience and is fun.  They had three different shows in rotation around the waterfall while we were there...one rated G, one rated PG-13, and the other rated Avatar-ish.  Service here was quite good once our orders were taken.  It did however, take a while to get our orders taken and was commented by another person in our party.  It was OK though as we were in no hurry.I was excited to eat at this "French" Brasserie, especially knowing it's received one Michelen Star.  Well, the menu isn't what I'd consider overly French.  Mostly American with some French items or French influence.  Yes, the have fois gras, mussels, steak frites, and escargot, but they also serve a hamburger. (albeit w/ fois gras and black truffle for $32)  The wine list is extensive, but the prices are maxed out on the pricing as most wines I saw were at least 3x what you'd be able to get them at retail.I got the escargot for an app, and although it was my first try of escargot, they were quite tasty with a nice sauce and seasoned deftly with just enough garlic to know there's some garlic butter in there.  They came w/ out the shells as well, although I was hoping for the experience of digging them out of the shells from a French place.  For my entree, I got the duck confit.  I recently ate at a Denver restaurant with the best duck confit I've had and wanted to compare to a Michelin rated restaurant.  Sadly, it was no comparison.  The duck was slightly overcooked and a bit dry in comparison.  The skin was a bit too crisp IMO.  The sauce was excellent and the seasoning was spot on.  My wife's halibut however was to die for.  The mussels were also very well done.I'm actually surprised this place has a Michelin Star.  I've eaten at Michael Mina's which also has one Michelin Star, and Michael Minas blows this place out of the water as far as food goes IMO.  If I'm going to drop that much ching on a meal, I'll gladly go to Michael Minas.  It's not that this was bad, but not worth it and they've either gone downhill since receiving their star or Michelin isn't what it should be. (I've heard from locals that this place isn't what it once was, but that's just hearsay)
4	I've had great experiences both times coming here.  The first time I had the 3 prefix menu and the fish entree was amazing.  So amazing that I can still remember what it tastes like a year later.  This time I ordered the mussels, which was really good.  The mussels were cooked in a broth that kept the mussels moist.Service is always great here, attentive but not pushy.  Always get seated outside if possible.  How can you complain eating next to a waterfall and lake.  At certain times of the night, there's a water show.  It's not amazing, but it's something different.
5	4 stars fir the food and the extra one for service. Just for being at WYNN was already a treat for us with the comped show tickets and dinner package. Since we has a pre-show dinner, our reservation was early at 5:30. We got the table closest to the water and had no one else around. Our waiter was so attentive and detailed.My wife and I ordered from the prefix menu. WOW, not the typical French bistro with little portions, but rather so much that we didn't get to finish everything and had to run off to the show.
5	Came here with my best girl friend who's a foodie like me, and we really enjoyed our experience here. We went with the $49 3 course prix fixe menu that's only offered before 6:30pm, but it's definitely a great deal. +FRENCH ONION SOUP: omg this is soooooooo good!! definitely one of the best french onion soups I've ever had...the cheese was melted so well and the soup was just, perfect!! makes my mouth water just thinking about it!+SALMON: our waiter suggested this and it was definitely a good choice. the salmon was seasoned very well and cooked nearly to perfection.+CHOCOLATE HAZELNUT CAKE: very delicious, although I would have to say that out of the 3 dishes, this was probably the least impressive one. still, it was very yummy and a great choice for dessert.I really liked the ambiance in the restaurant. We sat inside but very close to the patio area, overlooking the gorgeous Wynn waterfall. The service was also very good. The waiters were very friendly and helpful. Also want to mention that they give you 3 different types of bread...which I liked since I like variety =) Sadly, they are going to close soon to open up a seafood restaurant, so I'm especially glad that i got to try it before it went away.
4	Our waiter here seemed so fake that it was almost painful to watch him. It was like watching a little kid try to pretend to be a waiter. He provided okay service, but it really seemed like he was trying really hard to act like an upscale waiter.My favorite part of the meal was the cheese plate we got before we ate. There were three really awesome cheeses, a variety of bread, honey, nuts, figs and pear. It was so good! My boy had the burger. It was so big that he had to deconstruct it to get some in his mouth. His main complaint was that there was some weird horseradish spread on the bun, which wasn't mentioned on the menu. The fries were also terrible. I had the halibut with asparagus.  It was good, but I have had a million times better at The Oceanaire. We left full and satisfied, and thankfully we were staying at Encore because we barely made it back to our room before we needed a nap.+One for patio seating and the fun little shows on the water.
4	I've been here 3 times and figured I should add my review.This is a very reliable restaurant---I have always had excellent service and the food has always been superb. 2 of my visits have been for the $49 prefixe before 7pm. This is a great deal and you really can't go wrong with the choices. I've had salmon, duck, chicken, pate appetizer, soup...and I have been given dessert or an extra treat regardless of what I've ordered! The chef has always sent an amuse bouche, something lovely. Do try it! The waterfall/show is amusing too
3	My fiance and I went there for dinner on July 4 weekend. I heard many good things about this restaurant but I have to say, we were a bit disappointed.Of course, the food and the service is not bad at all, but compare to all those Michelin restaurants,  it's not.... let's say "meeting the standards".Money is really not an issue....and they are not that expensive, but we feel so not worth it afterward....
4	We came to Daniel Boulud's sole Las Vegas restaurant on what would be its last night of service. The Daniel Boulud name just did not attract enough people to the restaurant - evidenced by the restaurant being only half full on its final night during July 4th weekend.We ordered variations of the "Taste of Wynn" fixed menu, as well as a supplemental burger.DB's Onion Soup - cheese, beef shank, guinness: I really enjoyed this soup. Good onion flavor, with a hearty, deep beef flavor imparted by the beef shank. The mixture of the cheeses was delicious as well.Duck Terrine - foie gras, pistachio, country toast: The terrine was nice, with chunks of duck and foie gras mingled throughout. The pistachio added some crunchy texture, which went well in the terrine.Scottish Salmon - asparagus, english peas, sauce bearnaise: The salmon was cooked perfectly. However, I thought the rich bearnaise sauce was a little overpowering for the delicate salmon.Steak Frites - 8 oz. sirloin, watercress, french fries: The steak was great. Tender, flavorful and cooked well. The fries were also delicious, as they came out hot and crispy.  The watercress provided a nice counterpoint, adding a light peppery flavor.Original BY DB Burger - 9 oz. sirloin burger stuffed with braised short ribs, foie gras, and black truffle, on a parmesan bun with french fries: Considering we had been to Burger Bar earlier in the day for lunch, we wanted to try this as a sort of comparison. Boulud was one of the pioneers of the high-end burger trend, so I really wanted to give this a try. The burger is just completely stuffed with beef, foie gras and short ribs. Very rich and decadent, you can pick out the beefy flavors of the sirloin and short rib, as well as the foie gras, but I felt the truffles were a bit muted. However, this was still a very good burger, but probably too rich for one person to enjoy.Chocolate Hazelnut Fondant - nougatine crunch, coffee ice cream: I really enjoyed this dessert, however full I was after that burger. The coffee ice cream was delicious, to start, with a deep coffee flavor. The chocolate cake was fairly dense and richly chocolate - chocolate and coffee are a great pairing.Meyer Lemon Tart - candied lemon rind, thai basil ice cream: This was a really pretty dessert. The tart was quite sour, indicative of the meyer lemon,  but the sweet lemon rind provided a nice sweetness. The thai basil ice cream was really delicious, and I thought it went pretty well with the strong lemon flavor of the tart.In all, the meal was very solid. Nothing exceptionally creative, per se, but comfortable food executed well. I don't think it deserves to close (there are a ton of restaurants that are worse), but people just weren't coming. Rumor has it that Boulud is looking for other places in Vegas to have a restaurant. Considering the strip's heavy emphasis on name-brand chefs, it's probably only a matter of time.
4	i had dinner here with a group of 15 girls during a bachelorette weekend.  we all ordered from the prix fixe menu and also got a bottle of wine.  our server was fabulous, very funny and attentive to us.  despite the amount of people there, our food arrived in a timely fashion.  the foie gras was good, but a bit too salty.  the filet mignon was so tender as was the salmon.  others ordered the mussels which smelled heavenly.the patio seating was another plus as we were treated to a few shows throughout dinner.  all in all, this was a great dining experience!
5	Although this restaurant is now closed, I will still write a review hoping that it might just reopen someday.We were seated outside with a great view of the water show. Dinner and a free show doesn't sound bad at all. We ordered several items and couldn't stop raving about how good it was. We had escargots which were burgundy snails, black trumpet spetzle and crispy flatbread with  caramelized onions and goat cheese. The appetizers were so good, I couldn't wait for my entree. I had their crispy duck confit with shaved foie gras and I have to say, it was the best duck confit I've had. My boyfriend had the kurobuta pork chop which he was unwilling to share. He had a grin from ear to ear during our whole dinner and so did I. For dessert, we had their chocolate molten cake. Too bad we can't return to Daniel's in Vegas. I guess I'll have to make a trip to NYC to enjoy more of his delicious creations.
4	what!! they closed?? NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO *cue dramatic music*Daniel Boulud is one of my favorite "celeb chefs" and this restaurant was situated right on the patio by the Wynn waterfall.  Gorgeous location and gorgeous food.  Sad to see them go :(
5	As much as Daniel Boulud was one of my favorites restaurants in Las Vegas, it has been replaced by Lakeside, a Wynn restaurant. It's fantastic, with a focus on fresh ingredients and seafood, the wine and beer list is exciting and the staff is knowledgable and attentive. DB will be missed, but Lakeside is at least an honorable replacement.
5	A very romantic restaurant. My favorite in Las Vegas...
