5	I went inside this Gucci boutique, thinking that no one would help me because I literally dressed like I was going to P.E. class. LOL. Jenny McDowell, a sales supervisor, helped me without a frown. The store was really crowded because there was a sale during Christmas holidays. I waited for about 10 minutes before Jenny was free to help me. I got the last pair of my dream heels that were available. I tried them on and walked for about 5 minutes before deciding to buy them. I asked Jenny a bunch of questions regarding the shoes, and she was still very cordial. I will visit this boutique again later this month when I go to Las Vegas. I plan to be a loyal Gucci client, especially at this location.
5	GREAT customer service.  Bought a limited edition bag here on Saturday.  Steven helped me.  He was very nice and helpful.The store is very big and you get a nice selection.  It's at the end of the Bellagio shopping strip.
5	I purchased my first Gucci bag and wallet here last year... I forgot the name of the sales girl but she was awesome. She showed me so many different purses, the cons and the pros of each one. She really took her time with me. That's how customer service should be when you're spending hundreds in one store. :) I'm very pleased with the items I got.
5	Purchased my first Gucci wallet with my parents here! The staff is so much nicer than the ones in the LV store next door. I still remember the name of the sales that helped me, Adam! He so nicely showed us lots of the bags and wallets, we ended up buying a bag and a wallet. I've been getting catalogs from Gucci ever since. Great experience and I'd definitely go back next time I'm in Vegas!Oh and I even got a thank you letter a couple months later. Impressive.
5	First time in this location at Crystals in Las Vegas. I am in search for an everyday use messenger bag and I wanted to add Gucci to my collection of designer handbags. I went back three times to this place within an hour because I could not decide. I went into Prada - nothing, LV - nothing, YSL - nothing...so I decided to purchase this messenger bag from Gucci. Adam has been very helpful and I felt no pressure from him at all. If I ever want to purchase another Gucci purse again, I will definitely contact Adam. Oh, and he even punched another hole on the strap for me :)
5	After walking out of the Forum Shops - Gucci location disappointed from such horrible customer service, I tried to enter this location with an open mind. Upon stepping foot in the store we were greeted by the security guard and numerous employees, even those that were helping others. Thomas, the Sales Supervisor assisted me during my visit and I thoroughly explained to him what just happened to three of us just minutes before. He profusely apologized, and during my visit showed me everything I had my eye own and sold me my waist bag. My cousin with me decided to purchase hers from him as well. He brought us all out bottled water during the ring-up process, and made sure we had his card. Customer service is what I thrive on. Although I live in California surround by various Gucci selling locations, I will definitely call/email Thomas for another purchase. I've even purchased a Gucci bag from the boutique at Nordstrom Seattle due to superior customer service rather than walking a few blocks away to a local store. 2 thumbs up Thomas - you made up for our horrible service experience at your sister store, even offering suggestions on things to do in Vegas during our stay! I will definitely purchase from you again as well as recommend others.
4	okay i love gucci sooooo much mans...but yeahs....everyone knows that if our not white or asian...its kinda hard to get someones attention...every time i come in here i drop a little bit of cash here and there...people arent usually so attentive to me because they think im some broke as window shopper. but if you know me, everytime i go to vegas, i always buy my designer stuff there...there was one particular time some asian girl...i forget her name...miko, niko something like that helped me out...i was buying a new pair of sunglasses after my favorite pair of sunglasses were stolen...but anyways she let me try on as man pairs as i wanted...and took out all the bags and wallets that i wanted to see...im not sure if she gets commission or not but if she does im pretty sure she was glad to have helped me out because i did buy a couple of presents there for people
5	i love you gucci. i love this gucci extra bc the whole Crystals shopping plaza smells so freaking good when you walk inside. how do they filter the air and keep it smelling that??? i have no idea. maybe that's what real money smells like. haha.anyway this gucci was awesome. i was greeted right when i walked in by everyone who passed by, not just people in their respective zones. the associates allowed us to browse without being pushy and they retrieved all the items we wanted to see without sighing or rolling their eyes. i appreciate this a lot especially in a town where there are high rollers and these associates are probably looking to make a killing off of their commission. In any case, the way they treated me and my friends was excellent. kudos to you gucci. my friends and i walked out very happy with our purchases. i love impulse shopping!
5	Wow, my first time going to a Gucci store where I didn't get irritated at all.  Our sales associate was awesome!  So friendly and helpful.  We were buying a purse for our friend's birthday, but weren't sure which to get.  So we were taking pictures of different purses (which is normally a major no-no) and texting her.The guy was super helpful and got us in and out fairly quickly (once we FINALLY picked a purse).  He even wrapped it all nice and pretty for us :)
5	Great customer service , I was in and out. Store in order with lots of nice items on sale.
5	Customer service- 5 stars!!Price- 5 stars..if I'm rich. I just want the belt bag....
5	Love these guys customer service it's the best!
5	I shopped at Gucci at Crystals with a friend over the weekend, and we received excellent customer service from Dolores. We hadn't planned on buying, but my friend fell in love with a really beautiful item. Dolores was attentive and friendly, but not at all pushy--she really did a fantastic job and was a true professional. I would highly recommend this location.
4	I went in to buy my boyfriend a wallet for his birthday and encountered none of the rudeness previously suggested by other reviewers. I thought the staff was lovely! They were very helpful and one of the sales representatives gave me perfect advice on which pattern to go with based on the personality type and style of my boyfriend. I really couldn't have asked for more!It's a Gucci store. As a sales representative, it's their job to size up customers, and if you go in in your Mandalay Beach attire, you might not get the service you want. Dress to impress! It's a beautiful location. Prices are slightly higher at this location than online.
3	I came here with my mother to purchase a wallet for my birthday present. I already knew which wallet I wanted. The staff was a bit snobby, I felt like they were much more cordial to me at Louis Vuitton... and I didn't even purchase anything there.
5	Gorgeous store with great, friendly customer service. Steve was very helpful, thanks!
5	I've been going to the Gucci store at Forum Shops until I started going to Crystals.  I've always had friendly service at any Gucci store but yesterday's experience is what earned this particular store's 5 stars.I was on a mission to buy a pair of shoes.  I wanted ballet flats and saw mostly heels, wedges, boots, sandals, flip flops and sneakers.  I figured I should get a pair of sneakers instead since I could use them for my travels.  As I was about to lose hope on my ballet flats, on a shelf in the back, was Yulia - black ballet flats.  I asked for my size and of course, it wasn't available.  What a bummer!  But Quincy (Sales Associate) to the rescue!  He knew of a store that might have size 35 1/2 so he made a phone call - they were closed.  He took my number so he can let me know when my size arrives and he'll have my flats shipped to my house.I went to other stores at Crystals just to browse some more and see if there's anything else I want.  But I ended up coming back to Gucci and got me another pair of shoes - the sneakers!  Of course, I chose Quincy to help me.  He went above and beyond his duties.  Since I've been on the system for years, buying anything is easy-breezy. Excellent customer service!
5	Hmm...I  have positive and negative reviews about my experience here. The night before I stumbled upon this fav store of mine, I was about 2k richer from winning the slots. Then I entered to window shop but they had stuff that the Miami store didn't have. So guess what happened?  I spent the winnings on 2 pairs of shoes and card case.  Yes it did feel good and I absolutely love this store :)  Nuff said.
4	stop by..  always nice to spend ur winnings before u lose it back!!
1	I LOVE GUCCI so PLEASE go to Crystals or Caesars Palace. The stock here is great, and the remodel is BEAUTIFUL.BUT.... A really Horrible, pushy, young, rugged Sales Associate named Precilla RUINED my shopping experience!! She was SO RUDE and ignorant. I asked Precilla about my mothers Sukey tote we picked up last time.  I told her the bag was missing its charm and took away from the bags asthetics. I asked her what i could put on the empty keyring to replace the missing charm..... She said "NOTHING", with a really ugly tone.UM REALLY?? She didnt even recommend a keychain charm or a scarf to accessorize the purse. I was shocked at her LACK of enthusiam.She then tried to help us with other items...We looked for another sales associate.Managment needs to replace of train Precilla. asap! She needs to stay in the stock room. For being such a unkempt/scraggly looking girl, you would think her personality would shine. Such a disappointment.NO THANK you PRECILLA.
4	Typical Gucci store. It offers the same items just like other locations.The staffs are professional and the store is clean (as expected).
4	Big store in beautiful mall. Service was very helpful. I thought the selection would have been bigger with a big store.
5	Wow, this Gucci is the best Gucci I have been to so far -- all because of its fantastic customer service. The store is beautiful, if not a bit too dark. But I wonder if that's just how Gucci stores are styled and presented, because every other Gucci boutique I've seen have been very dark - the walls are black, the carpets are dark, the furniture is black, the staff are dresed in black and dark gray, and dark and gold stripe-y outside. Anyway, our group was about 6 people, including my elderly aunt, who was slowly walking into the store with me holding my hand. As soon as we stepped into the store, before we even started looking at all the goods in the store, a sales associate popped out and asked if my aunt would like some water. As it was 110+ degrees that day and my aunt had just done quite a bit of walking. We were just browsing, while my cousin-in-law searched for a good "souvenir" for herself. Another sales associate saw us and came over and made a bunch of wonderful suggestions about what to consider, where else in the store to look, and how best to wear certain bags. She was really, really sweet. All the staff said good-bye to us and were very polite and kind as we left, sending well-wishes for the rest of our visit to Las Vegas. In the end, we didn't end up purchasing anything on our first time at the boutique, but we came back and bought something the day before we left Las Vegas. Wow, that's great customer service!
5	My favorite Gucci store by far. Was told it was the 2nd-3rd biggest Gucci either in the world or in the US. One of them haha but it is definitely well stocked!Our sales associate was Antionette and she was very professional and just so nice, she was easy to get a long with and she made sure we got what we wanted! She wasn't pushy or trying to sell us but rather asked what we wanted and what we liked. Will definitely be back to visit on our next trip
3	you come to Gucci because you know what you want to buy! and i knew what i want to buy. i was a bit annoyed that the sale person who was serving me, he was texting on his iPhone when i was talking to him. if you truly want great customer service from Gucci, gotta experience the Gucci Ginza in downtown Tokyo!
5	when I die bury my inside the GUCCI store. I'm in heaven when I visit.  Love Gucci shoes and belts.  Store was packed with all the latest and greatest stuff.  The actually carry a size 14..whoot whoo " I called ahead of time".  Got the latest Gucci Sneakers before they hit the masses.  Now i'm Dope Boy Fresh.  Looking forward to my next visit.....
1	Head to the store at Crystals or Caesars.  Customer service here sucks and sales associates lie when they don't want to help you.
5	While still recovering from the sheer chaos that was EDC 2014, the GF and I decided to do some trendy window shopping, which inevitably led us over to Gucci. What I hadn't expected was to be exiting this boutique with a brand-new pair of sneakers - and some fond recollections of one of the more satisfying experiences that I've ever had with high-end shopping.All too often, many designer boutiques express an unwillingness to help customers who don't exhibit a certain look - unfortunately, while this "cooler-than-you" attitude can sometimes be subtle, sometimes it just isn't! Thankfully, the Via Bellagio Gucci doesn't suffer from this same drawback. My girlfriend and I were greeted almost instantly after walking in the store, and we were free to window shop as we pleased, not having to worry about salespeople tracing our steps like vultures circling over a fresh kill. After briefly taking a look at Gucci's menswear selection, I made my way to the shoe collection - where I had the immensely good fortune of stumbling upon a pair of nubuck and calfskin mid-tops. Conveniently enough, I had been eyeing these kicks for some time - having seen them at several department stores in and around the LA area.Even more conveniently, they were being offered at 50% off at this boutique! I guess it just happened to be my lucky day. I requested to try on my size from a very helpful sales associate (her name was either Blanca or Bianca, can't quite recall), who brought out two different sizes for me - and in two different colorways. After quickly learning that Gucci sizing doesn't bear all that much similarity to Vans sizing (goes to show what I know, I guess), Blanca brought out some additional sizes for me, and even helped lace the shoes up, as well - I know, I know, I'm helpless. With these adjustments, the items fit absolutely perfectly - but I still wasn't quite sure as to whether I'd be pulling the trigger just yet. I politely asked if I'd be able to fetch a pair of jeans out of my car in valet (as I had already begun forming some looks up in my mind), and the staff at Gucci obliged with no problem whatsoever. Having made a couple quick adjustments to my outfit just a couple of minutes later, I came back, tried on the shoes, and knew that I was sold. The entire process was seamless, easy, and refreshingly unpretentious. Checkout was similarly effortless (although I guess you can't really expect a line of customers to build up at a Gucci boutique), and I felt particularly badass strolling through the Bellagio casino with a new brown shopping bag in tow...a feeling which quickly died out after seeing a lady with massive LV shopping bags on both arms.All jokes aside, the overall level of quality with Vegas Gucci boutiques seems to be distinctly high (having recently had similar experiences at the Crystals branch). I'd gladly bring my business to this particular Gucci boutique in the future. *Tip:* This boutique doesn't have a changing room on-hand. While this may present a problem for female customers, I was thankfully given the opportunity to change my outfit in the back of the store - again, with no hassle at all!
