5	This place was awesome. They had all the great cigars that I like and lounge chairs with tv's to watch. I would definitely come back here again.
5	My husband LOVES this place! He is there all the time to hang out & smoke cigars with his dad and friends. Its a great "guys" hang out place, plus they have rows of built in humadors built into the walls to 'rent' for a monthly fee. Pretty cool concept.
5	Five Star.  The owners Brad and Val have been in the business for a long time.  They get their client base has unique and varying tastes and offer complimentary products to match.  Welcoming atmosphere in the lounge, and great tv and complimentary amenities - inc. water, sodas, etc.  A fun place to go, relax and have a great conversation with a random person on the issues of the day.
5	An oasis for a weary traveller. Clean, great selection and a friendly staff. I travel a bunch and to find a place that isn't insanely priced, has great seating AND sports packages with plenty of televisions? Awesome. Not to mention pristine public WiFi. I would literally stab my mother in the leg for good WiFi at 4 star hotels. Got a cool 14 up and 12 down. Perfect for uploading stuff which is crucial to my job. And the owner is a South Florida refugee whose wife graduated from the same high school I did. Random stuff. I'll be coming back for sure!
5	If you are looking for the real deal in a "Cigar Club" environment, this IS the place! There are eight large screen televisions to watch. On NFL Sundays, ALL the games are up for viewing...and get this "TAIL GATE PARTIES"; some of the best sausage and peppers or cheeseburgers for your culinary experience, while smoking your favorite stogie.A must for the aficionado. Get your own locker, or just drop in as a guest of the friendliest bunch of guys (AND GALS) you'll meet in Arizona.
5	8 big screen tvs it's football madness. Plenty of comfortable chairs and sofas.  Make time to burn.
5	Great place, amazing atmosphere and great conversational owner. It's a nice place to relax after a long day or just take a break at. I would recommend this lounge to any cigar lovers
5	Best cigar lounge in Scottsdale. Great place to watch a game with 8 large plasma TV's!
5	There are shops that sell cigars and there are cigar shops. To classify this as a cigar shop would be like saying a Bugatti is an average mode of transportation. This cigar destination should definitely be considered a true cigar club.I have been enjoying good cigars for over 15 years and it is my pleasure to write my first review for yelp. I normally wouldn't take the time to write a review but when I came across this gem of a location then I felt compelled to write one.I have cigar club memberships all across the U.S. and they range in prices but they all cost a fee. To my surprise this cigar club doesnt charge a fee to sit in their luxurious setting but is among the most lavish of any that I have encountered.They have eight 50" flat screen tv's showing a variety of news and sporting events. Their sitting area is one of the most plush that I have come across. Overstuffed leather chairs and couches along with a wide variety of nice cigars make this a five star location. My advice to the average cigar smoker is to stop by there and enjoy your favorite smoke. My advice to the experienced cigar smoker is to make this your relaxed home away from home.
5	Very spacious & relaxing atmosphere; plenty of comfortable seating; many large wall-mounted flatscreen TVs; decent cigar selection and refreshments available. Very welcoming & friendly service! Will be on my list of things to do when I come back!
