4	Blew a tire on the way to Vegas, decided to get it fixed as soon as we arrived, around 8 A.M. This place quoted the lowest price, and told us it would only take twenty minutes.When we got there, they told us it might be a good idea to replace the tire with an exact match. It would only be 30 dollars more, but they needed to have it delivered from their warehouse and it would take two or three hours. After explaining that we were pressed for time, they told us we could go to another one of their locations about 15 minutes away, where they had the tire in stock. They finished about half an hour after we dropped it off.All together we were back on the road about an hour and fifteen minutes after arriving at the first location. Price ended up being the same as what two other places quoted us, but we got an exact match, which the other shops did not have in stock. Nothing special about our experience, but we got out in good time and got what we needed.
5	Discount Tires on Maryland Parkway has been my go-to place for my tires for years. I had a rear tire that was extremely low and decided I better get it to the shop.Of course, I had let it go way too long and the tire was useless. Had to be replaced! However, they let me know they had to order the tire. I gave them a call on the day they said it would be in and they told me to come on down! I showed up about 20 minutes later and they took my car right away.The staff is very nice here and they did not try to get me to buy anything else or pull a fast one on me. Also, they remembered to put my VW's tire lock back in the place where I told them they could find it. I have had people forget before and then I had to buy a brand new one and those things are not cheap.It's nice that they drive your car right up to the door when it is done. They call you and it is already running right there for you with the door open, AC on, and ready to go. Very, very good customer service here.
5	I bought four tires around June 2010 in the camelback location in phoenix.  Not sure if it was the tubes they used or the horrible roads in AZ, but I've had two tires replaced since then.  Had a slow leak the second day of the trip, so once I had my spare put on, came to this location, was in and out within 30 minutes, and the tech were actually nice and joking around with each other.  I don't know if it is just the Vegas vibe, but people out here are a heck of a lot nicer than the crapshack that is Phoenix.  Great job guys!
5	So on our 2nd night in Vegas, we go to our car and notice it was lopsided. Upon closer look, we see our front tire, that we filled with air at a gas station the day before, was flat. After getting horribly dirty changing the tire, we slept then found a tire place the next day. We called discount tire and spoke to Raul and he told us we could come right in. We got there and Raul greeted us with a smile and helped us right away. He told us the valve stem was messed up and that he would fix it for free. FREE?! We thought we were hearing things, but no that is what he said. On top of that, they have free coffee and bottled water. In and out in about 15 minutes with no monetary exchange.  For his help we were willing to pay much more than that.  He even told us how we should be getting new tires soon and recommended another brand of our same type of tires that are cheaper than the ones we use. We will definitely go to their other locations with that kind of service
5	What a great experience! Its good to know that there are still honest mechanics out there. I went to the Maryland location in Vegas because my tire pressure light came on, and in less than 25 minutes they removed a nail I picked up, patched the hole, and checked all my tire pressures without charging me a dime! Excellent staff and a clean waiting area with water and coffee and good music. I will be back for sure. Thanks guys!
5	Discount Tires is the best place to get tire replacement in Las Vegas. We have gone there for many years. The service is always great, Prices reasonable, fast and couteous service.The best part about Discount Tires is all the various locations located throughout Las Vegas. Two thumbs up for me!
2	Discount Tire on Maryland Pkwy. have a good product idea but horrible service.  I visited this store on Sept. 15, 2012 and they told me they don't have my tire in stock but if I wanted to go pick it up from the warehouse they would do change it for me. I found this to be unreliable and horrible service.  Who would say that to a customer that has bought over $1,000 in product from them.  They said "If I want to wait till Sept. 17, 2012 they will do it for me and it would take about 10 minutes."  So I agreed because I didn't mind waiting two more days of riding around with my spare tire. I came back for my reservation at 8 a.m and they still didnt get my tire from the warehouse.  I rescheduled for the last time and they finally got my tire and attempted to charge me for renewing my tire warranty.  This time I told them I don't want one because I will just buy my tires from someone who actually will provide quality customer service.
5	Visiting from out of town, I found a small puncture in one of my tires. Took it here, and they fixed it free of charge! They were very nice and friendly as soon as I walked up. Would definitely come back again if needed
5	This is it, this is the best tire place you'll ever encounter.. Don't look further, don't scroll down. Just find the directions to this store and go! Unbelievably great service.  Website was easy to use and the appointment setup was simple.  Arrived early in the morning and all the staff greeted me.  They were prepared to order my non-standard 19 inch tires if necessary, but turned out to be a nail which could be plugged up. Talked to Mike about shipping winter tires home to Canada while I waited. Helpful, courteous and just good people, ya know? In no time, it was done.  Pulled out my wallet...but they wouldn't take anything.  'We don't charge anything for flats.' I was speechless, seriously, I felt bad! So I left very, very happy.  But the story doesn't end there...References from happy clients are useless.  What really impresses, is when things go wrong, what happens then? How did the retailer fix something if a problem arises? We were staying there for a conference in Vegas and now driving to the Grand Canyon and then onto Phoenix. So, I return to Ballys to pick up my family and the warning light for the same damn tire is on! Wtf?!? Back we all go to Discount Tire, family in tow. They are preparing to close. Crap! But, different from every car dealership, these guys quickly jump in and take a look.  Mike breaks the ice right away 'couldn't stay away?'  That calms me down and I appreciate it.  They take the tire off, and the plug was working fine.  The nail had put a tiny pinprick in the sidewall. They had never seen this before. So, it needs to be replaced.  But the 19 inch isn't in, since it couldn't be shipped in till next morning.  No problem, the guys set me up with their counterpart in Flagstaff for the next morning, tire goes back on, and I use that spray foam stuff as a stopgap.  I pull out my wallet again, insist on giving them something...to no avail.  That's customer service.  That's satisfaction. And I will now be a cheerleader for this company.   When are you expanding to Vancouver, BC and all of Canada?!?
5	We just arrived in Las Vegas with an emergency today, one of the tire blowed up because the heat. Luckily nothing happen to us and our truck. We arrived safe and on time for our set up. Thanks to Juan at discount tire who was very friendly, responsive and professional. He took care of us quickly and got us back on track!
5	I had to get my tire replaced right away because my back passenger tire blew out on me. I've been to a different location before but this one was closest to me. I thought to go to Discount Tires again because I've gotten good and fast service before at a decent price. So that's one reason why I'm giving them 5 stars and why I chose to come back to them when I needed my tire replaced. However while I was at this location, I sat by lady who was yelling and being rude to the person who was helping her all because she had to wait 45 minutes total to get her tire shipped from another store and have it replaced. He remained calm and professional throughout the whole time. I think that proves great customer service on that worker's part. So that's another reason why they're getting 5 stars from me!
5	I've been going to this store for many years and they are always awesome!  Friendly and fast service, good prices, and they take the time to talk to you to see what you actually want and need in terms of tires.  They have a laid back, no pressure approach.  100% recommended without question!
5	I got a flat tire last week on one of the two good tires I had in our car. As date and or my life would have it it couldn't have come at a worse time for me.  At a time when my wallet is a little empty till my next pay I went to the trusty guys at discount tire. I have been a loyal customer of discount tire for over twenty years now. In all this time they have ALWAYS gone way more than far and above to take care of me. Fri was no different. I went in to get my flat fixed because they will always fix a flat tire for free! Now I should prob mention that my two rear tires are in dire shape. I'm talking real bad. I just didn't have enough to get new or used tires at that time. I was going to have to wait till Monday our Tuesday to get new tires. Well the guy who took care of me (I won't say his name because I wouldn't want him to get in trouble) really saved my skin. He saw how bad my rear tires we're and told me that he just came into two used tires that he would put on my car for me to make sure that I was safe to drive again. This isn't the first time discount tire has saved the day for me. No matter where I'm at in this country I know that where ever there is a discount tire I'm gonna be treated great!  I will forever be a loyal and grateful customer!
5	Unbelievable service! These guys took their time getting 3 nails out of my tire, and didn't charge me a dime! Amazing. Thanks!
5	These guys are great. I've always bought my tires here, and I always will.Good prices and good service....One of the most satisfying consumer experiences I've had in years. No wonder they have so many 5 star reviews!
5	Great staff, excellent service! I moved to this side of town last year and have recently had some tire problems. I've been to this location twice for air checks, and twice for foreign objects in my tires, all I the last month! The staff is unfailingly polite and attentive, and have not tried to oversell. I really appreciate the courtesy and also that they take care of my needs and get me right back on the road without haggling or pushing tires that I don't need. I've been buying at Discount Tire all over this town for at least 20 years, and this location has the best staff by far!
5	Loved the appointment service. I make a big deal about this because I had issues in the past with appointments. My previous tire place, I had to wait 1.5 hrs to get attended and that was with an appointment.  It happened twice which is when I decided to find a new place when I needed to rotate the tires and add air.  Not only did they help me on time they were cheaper than my other place. Its my to go place now.
5	Came here because my tire completely shredded while I was driving on the freeway and I needed a new one with out paying too much. A young man named Ernesto helped me and gave me a great deal. I would deff come back here again. Great customer service and I was out of there in 20 min.
5	Wish I could give these guys much more than just 5 Stars, especially John. The other day I noticed my air pressure light came on. Put air in it, and noticed a screw in my tire that was fairly close to the sidewall. Took it to the Firestone right up the street from this location, they wouldn't even attempt to fix it. They wanted to try and sell me new tires. Was told by some people to go to Discount Tires. This location is right across from my work. Explained what happened at Firestone and he grabbed a pair of pliers and pulled the screw out. Luckily it didn't pierce the tire. I drove to work and realized I also needed a tire rotation since I'm going on a trip. Did the paperwork and within minutes my car was pulled in. John found another nail in another tire and said he'll take care of it. Within maybe 25 minutes, car was done. He pulled my car out and said I was good to go. I said that I hadn't paid yet and he said it was on the house after my troubles with other tire places as long as I come back to them. Customer service was beyond outstanding. I won't go anywhere else but here for anything tire related. This place is phenomenal. My go to place from now on for all my family's vehicles.
5	Tire pressure light came on during my fist night of the trip visiting Vegas with my wife and our 6-year-old son.  Didn't have the gauge with me and was really concerned if I got a nail in my tire.  Found this shop through yelp.  People here were really helpful just like most of the reviewers said.  Good thing no nail found, just ended some air. They finished in 5 mins.  Employees here were very friendly & helpful!!!!  We were able to get back on the road next to no time:)
1	Terrible service.I recently visited this establishment and and was very disappointed. The service was terrible: the every single employee was pushy and rude. I had a hard time getting my receipt. When I finally got it, the receipt for the service was given to me, however I never received a copy of my credit card receipt. When i was given my car back, the tire light on the dashboard was still on. I had to drive back into the shop and ask them why the light was still on. Nobody had any clue what to answer or how to get the light to turn off. It was a freakin' hassle. I had a terrible experience. With so many tire shops in town, I will never go back to this Discount Tire or any other one.
