3	The Mos Eisley Cantina of Starbucks stores. And I'm not just referring to that sappy yuppie brain food they pass off as music.I once saw a guy try to run off with the drive-thru tip jar on his back. The barrista leapt through the drive thru window, got into his car, tailed the guy back to his house, and kicked at the door and threatened to call the police until the kid's mom made him cough up the tip jar.One time I saw one barrista pull out a gun on another barrista. It was the surrealist thing I had ever seen. One minute the guy's pouring an iced chai latte with soy milk and so help you god if you put regular milk in there, and the next minute he's threatening to pistol whip the guy holding the English toffee bar. That's what those giant chocolate chip cookie bricks are, right? I've never ordered them. Because I think that maybe it's a mislabel or something, and I'll ask for the English toffee bar and the barrista will look at me and go " do you mean the brick-shaped chocolate chip cookie? Because we ain't got no toffee". And then everyone will stop working on their screenplays to look up at me.Like I need the fucking future co-writer of 'The Pacifier 2 starring Vin Diesel' giving me the "what, have you never been in a coffee shop before? Are you aware that we've invented the automobile?" look.But seriously, this is a pretty hardcore starbucks. I wouldn't know anything about the service, because I don't drink starbucks. Because I'm a product whore with some fucking taste.Huh. Urban Decay Palette or 6 mochachino lattes with only two shots in them and some caramel and make sure it's heated to 150 degrees or I'm going to be pissed.Get out of here.Seriously. Get out of here. Before Rambo McCoffeebean pulls out his gat again. Shit, was it a gat or a glock? It's the 21st century already. Hurry up and invent the fucking laser gun already.
1	The worst Starbucks I've ever been to and it's too bad it's the closest to my home. You can count on your drink leaking ALL over the place and a cup full of ice. I watched the cup being halfway filled with coffee then a GIANT scoop of ice overflowing the top of my drink then they squeezed the lid on my cup with all the coffee coming out of the top and leaking all over the side of my cup. Not good.
1	Who wants a watered down drink???Unfortunately this Starbucks is very inconsistent with their drinks and their customer service.  Sometimes I get a good drink with a friendly barista but most times I'm served a unhappy drink from an unhappy barista. I'm writing this review today because I have had it, I ordered my favorite seasonal drink which is a venti oprah chai tea, nonfat milk with 3 pumps of gingerbread, but what I got was a venti iced cup of watered down milk!! Now who wants to pay 5$ and some change for that?! I don't, and you better insure the baristas know how to make a stiff one served with a happy smile for that kind of money.
4	Got through the line rather quickly. Cashier confirmed order and gave me the right drink. YEAH!!
1	I went inside this Starbucks this morning for a pound of coffee and a drink for myself. I needed to get a pound of Sumatra coffee for a co-worker as a gift and when I went to pay, the barista asked if I needed it ground up. I said that would be great. I'm not a coffee expert, so when she asked how I wanted it ground up, I had no idea what to tell her. All I knew is that my coworker has a Keurig that takes ground coffee along with pods. The barista seemed to understand, so I waited. She came back up to me and said that since the coffee will be used in a Keurig, they can not ground it up. Okayyy....? I found out that my coworker has her own grinder so I said I'd just take the whole bean.But I noticed I was charged 13.95 for the pound when the sign said it was 12.95. I asked the barista if they charge to ground up the coffee and she said no so I let her know that I was charged the wrong amount for the pound and she said, "well that's because there is tax". Um no, tax is added at the end, sweetheart and my drink doesn't have tax on the price of it, so why would the pound of coffee? I showed her the receipt where tax was added and how the individual price of my drink didn't have tax. So she says, "well that's just how it's rung up". Are you effing kidding me?! I know it's a dollar but how RUDE of you to say that to me like it doesn't matter you're charging me more than what your effing sign says. I just laughed and said ok and started walking out. She said "do you need a bag?". Nope. Girl, bye. Idiot.Never going back there again.
