5	My bf & I went down to Fremont Street Sat night just to get out of the house, have a drink & find some dinner. We ended up at Don B's Steakhouse at the Fitzgerald. Nice place. We felt a little under dressed, though. We went downtown on the motorcycle, so we had our bike clothes on. Not ratty, but not fancy whatsoever. The hostess was very polite & our server, Lynn, was awesome! She was prompt, came by to check on us -timing was perfect, was so friendly & very funny, too! We had perfectly cooked prime rib - delicious - and at a good price. We will definitely be back! And we will ask for Lynn again as well!
1	The meal here was poor quality! Nice decor, nice menu but food did not taste fresh and appeared to be prepared by use of microwave. Bread was good. Went there because of an article i read in Las Vegas magazine but the article was way off and they did not have the food that was featured in article. Talked to long time water at this restaurant who said the have never had the meal featured in article. Would not refer this restaurant to anyone!
5	My fiance & I went to Don B's again about a week ago. We requested the same server we had last time, Lynn. The food & service was OUTSTANDING....again. Will definitely return.Oh, it's inside what is called The D now (formerly The Fitgerald).
5	Wonderful service and the filet was mouthwatering! The scampi was a little overdone with the butter but very tasty. The bread was the only thing that truly needed improvement. It's hard and hurts your teeth but the butter was freshly whipped and was like HEAVEN! Recommended!
5	The hubby & I went down to Fremont Street a couple of weeks ago, just to do the tourist thing. We decided to wander into The D (formerly the Fitz) to see what the new owners have done with the place. We went upstairs to see Don B's & there was a WALL where the entrance used to be! Turns out Don B's no longer exists & they moved the entrance & made it into a different restaurant! SO SAD!!!! It really was one of Vegas' best kept secrets! Guess I really don't have a reason to go into that casino anymore. :-(On a side note, I really like how Fremont has been cleaned up! The outdoor bars are kinda cool. BUT, even with so many more "slushie drink stations", I will STILL only go to The Bayou for that. They have been there at least since 2001 when I moved here, probably a lot longer.
