1	This is typical Las Vegas, no customer service!!!! We just asked a simple question and the lady in the meat department just played dumb.  We were heard fresh chicken would be ready in 9 minutes and waited, along with another gentleman,  and because a regular came in he got fresh chicken before me.  I placed 2 orders and got 1/2 old chicken.  Then proceeded to pay with my out of state check, I was told they don't accept out of state checks, where does it say that?  Where is your check policy sign?  For a city that deals with alot of out of towners I would think that policy wouldn't exist.  That's what you get in Las Vegas.......Lack of hospitality......
3	Was in the area and looking for Guacamole mix so I stopped in here to see if I could find some.  Unfortunately, they didn't have any, so I left and went to the Vons on Lake Mead & Buffalo.The store was clean, but the parking lot is a disaster.Return Factor - 33%
3	I hate parking in the lot, it's such a clusterf***.  I also got called the N-word while I was putting my grocery bags in my car outside of this Smiths.  I was quite confused, not at all upset to be honest.  I just felt like mentioning that little story.Personally though, I have no real problems here.  I get everything at a fair price, it's way better than shopping at Walmart (and near cheaper too).  Even though I don't talk to the staff much, I do feel like a regular.  I enjoy the service, and they are the only place that has Chunky Soup specials that are 10 for $10.  As a frugal bachelor, paying $2 for a date is awesome!Plus I get brownie points for cooking the soup in a pan, and I save dozens of dollars by not going out to eat sushi instead.  Overall though, Smiths is pretty average but that's not bad at all.  I've seen worse.  Solid 3 stars.
4	Reading the few reviews this Smith's Food and Drug location has, I feel inclined to disagree a bitCustomer Service: I've moved all over Vegas so I've experience a lot of Smith's locations and by far this place has the best customer service out of every location I've been to (keep in mind I only shop at a smiths). I go in almost every morning to grab a bagel & cream cheese for breakfast and as I walk by the deli they always say good morning. This location has a door greater too, I don't see places like Vons or Albertsons with a door greater. I love how after you shop they offer to help you with your groceries. Also I have an old grandmother who likes to shop at this smith's and every time I bring her in they bring her a courtesy clerk that walks around with her so she could get somethings. Members cards: I really like their members cards, not only your saving money on sales but the best part is the gas stations Smiths works with Shell's company and they also have their own gas stations. When you shop you save money on gas. Which is all know its currently $3.44 in Las VegasVariety of food: I really like their produce, unfortunately they don't have a big organic section for oats and nuts like the newer locations but its okay. They have a great selection of organic fruits and veggies and smoothies too.Deli: I've never bought anything from the deli other than the already made foods. When ever I wanted a quick lunch and I was okay with the fried food. They always have mozzarella sticks, onion rings, chicken wings, chicken thighs, mac and cheese and more. Pharmacy: The pharmacist and the techs are super nice & helpful, once I decided I needed vitamins in my life. The techs gave me super great advise on which vitamins were good for you and what brands.Parking: Is kind of a hassle, I notice a lot of nuts drive in this parking lot. Peeling out and speeding. Not caring about pedestrians or other cars. So be careful walking or driving in this parking lot.
4	Love the fact they close soo late. But they need brighter lights in the parking area at night. The water refill outside is still cheap $1.00 for 5 gallons. Love the reward points when you shop and save on gas with Shell.This Smith seems bigger but they don't have a lot of the healthier choice items. sigh.The meat area seems to be a mess at times. But the store is clean and dim, guess saving electric at night. I prefer shopping at the one on Craig RD but they close at 1AM so I come to this one if later. hehee
4	This is a Krogers. It says Smiths. I even scanned my Kroger card and it worked. Strange... But cool.
3	Customer Service is the best  at this location and yes, the parking lot SUCKS and Yes, I had names yelled at me..Kinda like, WTF! Just waved back and said Thank You..lol
2	The produce here, clinetel and most of the employees are really questionable.I only come in here if I'm in a hurry for something on my way to work.
3	This is my other go to Smiths as it's near the GFs apartment so I hit it regularly and too often without a list; Its near my other favorite Dry Cleaners so I hit two stores at once when I come here and it makes it convenient for me.  The parking lot can be hazardous so be careful of random carts rolling in the breeze and careless drivers speeding up and down the Aisles; The produce here is top notch; never disappointed; we haven't purchased any meat products here but it always look like they are cutting and displaying everything properly; The other patrons can be kind of scary so it best to come early in the day when the freaks are asleep.  Also it seemed odd but walking out of the store with a package of water and an arm full of bagged groceries I was stopped and asked to see my receipt as the cashier didn't place a sticker on the water. I hardly look like a criminal/shoplifter and I wasn't hurrying out the store so it seemed inappropriate to stop me when nobody else was being interrogated.  I guess everyone is viewed as a criminal here or the guy at the door was just being overzealous/trying to show off to a few cute ladies standing nearby.  I didn't make an issue out of it since he was trying to get him some but if you are reading this (smiths employee) you have to wonder; what kind of lady is going to be impressed that you shook a guy down in a military haircut for a case of water and is that really someone you want to hook up with? Its that incident alone that gives this store  3 stars but still worth your trouble; just make sure you have that paid sticker on your large items before you leave the store!
2	I shop here but only because it's close.  The Smith's at Craig/Rancho has a better selection but probably because it's larger.  I usually just pick up some things before going to work.  To be guaranteed to get what I'm looking for, I go to Albertson's.  However, Albertson's is more expensive.  This is a smaller store and was a Ralphs before Smith's bought it.
3	I like Smith's pricing.  I like Smith's product selections.  I like Smith's in general.  Just not this Smith's.  It is aging and it shows.  The store is smaller than the one I shop at on a regular basis.  The carts are all housed outside in the weather and so can be either really hot from the sun, really cold from the winter air or dripping wet from the rare case of valley rain.  The entry ways are difficult to navigate when there are too many people trying to enter and exit at the same time.  It may be closer to home for me than the next closest but I am willing to drive the extra mile or so just to avoid it.  I only shop here if it is on the way home or if I need to make just the quick stop for a couple of items.
3	World's skinniest aisles - you have to park down a side aisle in order to browse goods. This sucks.  This is a tiny store.  Good produce section but the meat section seems to serve only larger portions. I don't care for the store overall bit since it's on the way home, the annoyance doesn't outweigh the convenience of the stop.
4	I like this store I'm in it almost every day with my kid and girlfriend. They always have great prices and good deals. We usually shop later at night cause of working hours. But the late night and early evening staff are awesome and fast. Donna is amazing as always always remembers me and helps me with whatever I need. I've never noticed this place smell as some people who had 1 bad experience have yelped so that's a bogus comment. I've been going here for 6 years. It's a really good smaller grocery store to shop at.
1	I purchased apples at this store on three separate occasions and each time the fruit was rotted on the inside. Some people may think that rotted produce is better than no produce. I am not one of those people.I'd imagine that the classy variety of clientele at this store don't purchase much produce anyway. Don't go to this store when it is busy or you will be confronted by a bunch of inconsiderate people sauntering around and blocking whatever isle or item you are attempting to reach. If having well mannered human beings around you is on your agenda then just don't shop here.There is a homeless man that lives outside the store which does much to add to the ambiance.It's probably not the store's fault that I would rather stab myself in the face than shop here any longer. But when a place is so unpleasant does it really matter who's fault it is? Either way I don't want to shop there.It may be cheaper and closer. But it's not worth it.
5	Great Service. Great Selection. Friendly checkout staff. The meat is tasty. Never a long line. Always helpful.
2	Ok a new experience today - shopping Sunday morning and trying to check out there is not one checker at at a station. Looking around and trying to make eye contact with someone. It's been about five minutes and someone finally paged someone after I gave a wtf look to them....  What's up with this Smiths?
5	This is my grocery store. I've been coming here since 2004. Sign up for the rewards and get coupons in the mail or download on your phone. You also get as much as $1 off at shell using fuel points. I've never had to wait in line, even in the busiest days like holiday rush. They see you standing there and they're quick to open another register for you. Self check-out is a breeze, there's always someone there when the computer freezes. Get what you need and out you go!
