5	Shanna Nakachi is an AMAZING hair stylist..!!! She cut and colored my hair and it turned out amazing.!!! I highly recommend Shanna as your one and only personal hair stylist in Las Vegas!!!  She even does extensions!! :)
3	Another groupon, another salon.  I went for a one hour massage and mani-pedi, both of which were good.  Not AMAZING, but enjoyable nonetheless.  My biggest complaint is that the front desk was unattended for ~15 minutes....I am actually complaining on behalf of a fellow spa-goer!  She came into the salon while I was waiting for my mani-pedi (I had the massage first) and mentioned she had been coming to the salon regularly for a few months.  There wasn't a staff person to be found for a quarter of an hour!  Also, I had to wait about 20 minutes for my mani-pedi, which seemed excessively long to me, as I had actually booked a specific time.Will I go back?  Not likely.  The place seems clean and nice enough, but the waiting around was annoying.
1	I made an appointment with Shanna to have my hair extensions adjusted. Having just moved to Vegas from overseas I did not know where to go to have it done. I called Canyon Falls and asked if they did the type of extensions I have (weaved/braided) and was assured that they did. I went for my appointment and my stylist informed me that she did not do weaves and would have to "bead" in my extensions. I asked if they would look as good and if they would last as long and was assured that they would. She beaded my extensions  in(which had to be cut up and separated as she said they were too thick to bead in).  When I got home my mother asked me why the right side of my hair was a good 3 inches longer than the left side. I was shocked to find that in fact she was right and I tried to cut the right side myself. The next day I was in the shower and I could feel a few of the wefts sticking out as they had already started to come out. I was frantic since I had a job interview in a couple hours. I went back to Canyon Falls and supposedly she fixed it which was not the case, I had to go in once again 2 days later because they were falling out again. On my 3rd visit I walk in to a very bad attitude from Shanna and she had a bunch of products lined up on her station which she suggested for me to buy. I have been wearing extensions for 10 years and have all the special products and know how to care for them. She also stated that her manager was very upset that I had been in 3 times with problems with my extensions and asked me to sign a release form. Clearly she was trying to place the blame on me for the problems with my extensions. I was shocked at the way the situation was handled. I never heard an apology for what happened and I was not treated in a nice way at all. I would never go back to this salon for ANY service. I even spoke to the manager about it and she explained that Shanna is a good hairdresser but is not good with people. Shocking! To top it off my $700 hair extensions are ruined since they were all cut up into pieces. AVOID THIS SALON!!
5	Blanca Acuna does my hair extensions and she is amazing. She definately knows what she's doing. She's very professional and so friendly. I wouldn't go anywhere else for my extensions.
5	The staff here were amazing!! Especially when taking care if our groups difficult transactions :\ I would reccommend this spot to every woman who wants a quality spa day for an affordable price!! I will make it a point to come back!!
5	Always come here to get my haircuts. My hairdresser, Eileen, is the best! :)
5	I got an amazing hot stone massage here. Customer service was great. Would definitely recommend.
1	I went here because of the Groupon deal which was for a "signature spa manicure and spa pedicure''. It was half off at $35.Front desk person who checked me in was professional, however the nail tech was not. She had no professional appearance nor customer service skills, she barely greeted me even-though she speaks fluent english, only asked how are you so I politely asked back how she is and her response was she's tired, she's had a long day, and hopes I'm her last customer...! She proceeded with my mani. Where do i begin: She was so inexperienced that she had a very hard time clipping my nails, the cuticle cutting was like torture, took over 10 minutes per hand. The only thing she knew how to do was apply nail polish. By the way they have very limited choice of polish.The pedicure wasn't as bad, maybe because I was on a massage chair and kept busy reading. But she was so afraid to clip my toe nails event hough I told her it's been 3 weeks since my last pedi, she still filed them. Turned out OK. But she clearly needs extensive training. For a spa whose full prices for this service is $70 I would expect a top notch technician. To top it all off, here's their description of the manicure i should have received :Signature Spa ManicureThis signature treatment starts with a soothing soak followed by an exfoliation with an aromatherapy scrub. Your hands are groomed and dipped in fragrant paraffin to soothe and relax. This wonderful treatment is complete with a luxurious hand and arm massage using essential oils for rejuvenating effects.I didn't even get a hand massage let alone all the other extras!!! Even their regular pedicure is supposed to include a hand massage which i didn't get. Only foot massage. Oh and by the way by the time she got done 90 minutes later, (my appt was at 5:30 p.m) the front desk had closed so I couldn't even talk to anyone about this experience. I would not recommend this place.You should not advertise what you can't deliver.
4	I visited this salon for a partial high/lowlights and a cut. I was made an appt with someone new ( Naz) due to my routine hairstylist being on vacation. When I arrived I  was greeted with a warm welcome from the front desk staff. My hairdresser came out and introduced herself. Very nice and professional. However , I felt she had a difficult time  understanding the color and style i was trying to achieve. I left there unsatisfied. I took two days trying out this new look that she gave me and I ended up calling the salon to try and have it redone to my liking. Brent listened to my concerns and he went out of his way to make sure to find a solutuion in a timely manner.  He made an appt the same day with a more experienced stylist, ANA, who i absolutely adore. She acheived my look and exceeded my expectations. All for no charge. Although one stylist wasnt a great fit for me another stylist was and the high level of customer service  is what made me give this salon 4 stars. I WILL BE COMING BACK TO THIS SALON AGAIN SOON. A HUGE thanks to Canyon Falls staff at the Lake Mead Location.
5	On Saturday the 9th I went to Canyon Falls Spa & Salon for a facial, massage and hair trim.  This was my first time @ CFSS.The lady at reception was friendly and helpful.The manager was just was friendly and helpful.I had the best massage I've ever had from Janet Grady.  A wonderful facial from Kai and a nice experience with Shanna with my hair.  Shanna is now my new stylist!!!Very friendly, peaceful enviroment.  I will be back!
5	As a new Las Vegan, I was in dire need of a new stylist I had a great experience with Naz. She listened to all of my wants and needs, and gave me a great cut and color (I am very, very picky). I will ever go anywhere else.
5	I got my hair cut and colored at the Craig location. Katie C cut and colored and low lighted my hair. I told her i needed a change and she was able to do just that. After a few days my hair seemed to be brassy which happens pretty much every time I get my hair lightened , I did not tell Katie this , regardless she got me in right away and toned my hair then suggested  I put tinsel in my hair I love my new color. Thanks Katie you rock
1	HORRIBLE!!! DO NOT GO! I was excited about the yelp deal (65 dollars for two spa services).  Originally they scheduled me for a day they weren't even open, so I reschuled my appointment to a later date. Then they told me the yelp voucher expires on the 31 of this year... They were WRONG- I contacted yelp who explained that the voucher is valed for a year from the day of purchase.  I then called back the "day spa" and rescheduled my appointment again.I arrived at my appointment 15 mins early to fill out paperwork and relax.  As I was filling out paperwork at the front desk,  the very rude recptionist (Jasmine)  made a call (in front of me) to the technician who apparently didn't even know she had an appt today. So I was informed (after asking) that the technician would be 20-30 mins LATE!!!  I thought no big deal, I will wait in the relaxation room that all days spas have... Well, not this one! There are a few scattered, very used and old chairs in the hallway to sit in while you wait. At this point the experience was so poor and I was so irritated, I questioned how bad the services would be as well.  I spoke with Jasmine who didn't care one bit and decided massage envy down the street would be better- at least there they are polite and have a waiting area.While I was waiting I galnced at the pedi chairs which are the same type and quality that you find at a walmart.Canyon falls is NO SPA at all. It is a generic place with a very disappointing atmosphere and rude staff!
4	I visited Canyon Falls again a couple of days ago and this time, there was absolutely no wait.  Sure, the salon wasn't as busy as the last time I came, but both my massage gal and the nail tech were prompt in greeting and leading me to their respective areas.  I have a hunch that the staff read my initial review....however, I'm not going to complain about punctuality!My massage was lovely and I especially enjoyed the muscle relaxant that Janet used.  Leanne did my pedicure and she was wonderful as well.  In fact, my pretty feet held up after a VERY long day of hiking the next day (10 hours with plenty of steep ascent and descent).Thank you to the staff for listening to your customers' feedback and doing something about it.  :)
5	Used a Yelp coupon yes terday for a 30 minute massage with Janet and an express facial with Betty.  Both ladies were excellent!!!  I only wish I had had more time to relax :-)  Left feeling relaxed and pretty.  Betty also helped me pick out the most beficial (all organic) products to care for my skin.  Excellent!!!!
3	I went to this location and used a Groupon I purchased for a facial and massage.  Janet did my massage and Natalie did my facial.  I had my massage first and was expecting to get a Swedish style massage, just like the Groupon had said.  Instead, I received a hot stone massage with no kneading/massaging involved.  Janet put the hot stones in her hands and rubbed me all over with them.  The whole time I kept wondering when the actual massaging would start.  It never did.  However, my facial from Natalie was amazing.  She used an organic line of products on my face which I really liked.  She also massaged my neck and arms, which I thought was a really nice touch.  I would and probably will be going back to Natalie for a facial.  I am disappointed in my massage and I feel like it was a case of false advertisement on their part for stating a Swedish massage when they were actually offering a hot stone massage.
4	Great massage and mani pedi! Even better that there was a groupon. Friendly staff. Only awkward part was the masseuse talked the whole time but I didn't mind small convo.
3	I used a groupon for a Swedish massage and facial.  I could probably sum up the experience with a white people problems meme:"WENT TO THE DAY SPA"insert white whine photo here"OVERCOME WITH ENNUI"The ambiance is not very aesthetically appealing for a full service day spa.   It's a bit choppy and disjointed; the bulk of the space being used as a hair salon with no locker/changing area or real relaxation area, so you get to drudge your bulky belongings around as you proceed from one treatment to the next.  Glad I had a Groupon.I think most of the aestheticians, massage therapists, etc. who work there are independent contractors on call (not positive about that) and there's a certain overall disconnectedness that permeates this place.  No robe or slippers there, had to be found, clanging HVAC system, no music, CD's taken by previous therapist; all just enough to detract from that "Calgon, take me away" feeling.  Glad I had a Groupon.My massage was ok.  My facial by Suzan was excellent.  Glad I had a Groupon.
5	I was hesitate with buying a groupon deal but I'm glad I did Janet was awesome today giving me my hot stone massage!  But my day ended with me being super happy with Leanne Demoss! My mani/pedi was the best ever! She made the experience at the spa amazing & my bday month =) I defiantly recommend You try them both! Thank you Ladies!
2	Went there with a groupon for a swedish massage. Not really a "spa" experience. The staff didn't seem very professional, when I arrived, there were just women  standing around, sitting down, talking to each other.. Looked more like a hang out spot than a business.. Staff friend's kept arriving, to say hi and hang out. The waiting area is in a hallway, not very inviting. This place needs to be updated, it is not kept up at all. The massage area has another sitting room,  I was never introduced to it, I only saw it on my way to my massage room. The room.... uhmm.. well.. it is not spa like, calming, or anything soothing. There was what appared to be a shower area in the corner, I looked behind the shower curtain, and it was just a storage area with cleaning stuff, dirty looking. The counters, drawers are dirty and have candle burns on them. My sheets were worn down and stained, they weren't dirty, but were old and dingy. There are no robes, no place to relax, to secure your items. The lighting was too bring, the music was enjoyable. My massage.. well.. it was unmemorable. I wouldn't go back. It really was more like a rub down, wam bam thank you ma'am  than a massage. Maybe 5 minutes of the entire massage were actually enjoyable. The technique was just not there. The lotion used was thick and didn't make the massage feel any better. When my massage was over, I was given a cup of water and escorted right outside to the reception area, not to the sitting area to relax a bit.. I would spend a few more dollars and go to a place that is more spa like, relaxing, and has more experienced staff.. This is a hair salon, hang out spot, with a few rooms in the back for massages. Would not recommend it.
4	Hubby bought me a groupon for my birthday for a facial and mani/pedi experience. I LOVED the facial!! The mani-pedi was nice, the pedi has lasted over 2 weeks and multiple soaks in the pool. The mani didn't last very long, but I have issues with my fingernails and polish- they just don't get along!! I had excellent conversation with the lady doing my mani/pedi, we laughed and laughed, although sometimes I felt like she'd cut me off, didn't want to hear what I had to say. I also had my hair/make-up done here in 2010 for my wedding- and I looked great! My bridesmaids all loved the Salon here too!The girls at the counter have always been... off-putting? Not mean, just rushed and cold. Can't win 'em all I guess!
2	I had a groupon for here it was a seemingly good deal. I was kept waiting for 15 minutes while my manicurist finished another client however the manicurist had been waiting for me since my scheduled time but front staff neglected to inform her I arrived. The spa pedi tub was broken and the water too hot.  The manicurist i think her name was Eileen was very, very nice and the cleaning was perfect but the paint job was not to my standard. The edges were undone and paint didnt reach the top part of some nails. It was a $35 Mani pedi which was a good deal (orig 65 or something) but I didn't get a mani I opted out.
5	I have to give credit where credit is due.  I went back for a trigger point therapy massage with Jessica and Im a believer. She was very thorough and systematically went through all my points of pain on my back and applied therapeutic pressure.  Sounds too good to be true but It was painful for me to walk before hand and I literally moved into a new house with no issues a week later.  The only complaint I have is when she asked what if I have a music preference, she was not able to accommodate my Justin Bieber request :)   I am impressed with the know how and professionalism of Jessica and Canyon falls Spa.  Thank you, Ryan
4	Tried them out through a Groupon.  Nice place, although more of a salon than a true spa.  The spa and salon are separated, but I could hear the ladies talking and laughing on the other side of the "spa" door.I got a facial and a massage.  Diena Sullivan was my aesthetician.  She was AWESOME!!  Best facial I've ever had - almost didn't need the massage by the time she was done.  It was so great that I scheduled another with her before I left for  December.When I went down to the other room to get my massage I was a little disappointed to see that the massage table was a pretty flimsy collapsible type. Kevin Mace did the massage.  He did an OK job - but it was pretty obvious he was fairly new at his craft.  He left my feet hanging out of the covers!!  My biggest complaint was that their robe and wrap obviously fall into the "one size fits all" category.  The robe was small and I couldn't close it, so I had to put the wrap under it so I wasn't exposed walking down the hallway.  Major faux pas.Overall this place was OK, but still not a true "spa" as I've experienced at other places.
5	Overall I had a wonderful experience when visiting the salon for the first time. I came into the salon and was greeted by the attendant to wait for my stylist. I had my haircut scheduled with Vanessa and she was punctual on time. I was looking for a trim on my layers and a polished look - and it was done! After that I had asked Vanessa if she had room for a walk-in service right after me, as my mother was looking to get her hair cut (she had gotten it colored at another salon the same day, and it was her day off, so she doesn't have a lot of time on her hands). Luckily Vanessa was able to accommodate her the same day and we both came out with gorgeous, fresh hair cuts done! We will both be back again, thank you Canyon Falls and Vanessa for being so accommodating!
5	Everyone on here is leaving reviews based on how this place is more a salon than a spa, but the business name says spa and salon so I feel that should be a given. All that aside, this place was great. I also chose a groupon which got me a 50 minute massage, 50 minute facial, and a mani/pedi for 99 bucks. For a deal like that, I expected way less but got much more. Janet did my massage and she was great. Diena (which I may be spelling wrong, sorry!) did my facial and she was amazing. Michelle did my mani/pedi and she was super easy to talk to, made me feel comfortable and appreciated. I still walked away feeling fantastic and for a very good price.
4	Really good friend of mine treated me to a facial, stone massage and mani-pedi. Let me tell you, the facial by Diena is AMAAAAAZING!!!! I can not tell you how much of that experience was my favorite part. You can tell she really enjoys her career and she's very gentle. It was so relaxing and calming. Practically falling asleep. The massage table is really comfortable and cushioning. Everything about the facial was just so great. Her technique and pressure, etc... I would go back just for the facial alone. It's just that amazing! Janet- hot stone massage, was ok. There was a lot of stone rubbing? Literally, really all she did was take a bunch of hot stones and rub it along your body. I feel like there could've been way more hand massaging happening. After being rubbed down by hot stones for about 40 mins, I don't know, call me crazy but feeling a human hand massage your whole body would feel nice after that... And she talked way too much... I wanna relax during a massage. I don't want to think and have to answer mundane questions. Also she had this weird heated water pad thing on the table which would slosh around with you when you moved and it was kinda annoying. And one more thing, the massage table, definitely small, I'm 5'6 size small/medium, one of my arms was practically hanging off the table while placed at my side, she could use an upgrade and get a bigger massage table, just sayin'... Than there was Michelle? My mani-pedi lady. She was alright. Kind of rough around the edges. Definitely don't want HER WAITING ON YOU even if your early to your mani-pedi because she'll definitely let you know if she thinks you're late, even when you're not. I'm really giving this place a 4 star because of Diena. Again, she's spectacular.
5	Today was my 4th visit for massage from Kevin.  I know this sounds crazy, but every time he seems to do even better at working the knots out of my neck and back.  I really like that he inquires about my preferences and customizes each massage.I originally discovered Kevin through a Canyon Fallls Groupon deal about a year ago.  I've had varying qualities of Groupon massages, and I'm telling you he does a really great job.  Pressure and technique is excellent.The spa is really clean and conveniently located near 95/Lake Mead.  The reception desk attendants are friendly and always offer water.  Today I asked for a cup of ice for my sparkling water that I brought from home, and sure enough they delivered.  They sometimes even have same day booking availability, which I really like.
5	Janet was AMAZING!! been to many spas and she gave me the most amazing massage ive had in a while. I recommend getting a massage from her. And she has a monthly Special that she offers as well.Ellen was very gentle and very detailed when it came to my facial. It was so relaxing. I had the best facial :) I recommend her as well. I had a wonderful massage as well as my mother. Will be back soon for another :)
2	i had 3 services here. facial was the only good service. the pedicure is substandard with not enough equipment to do the work right. i was charged 30 to remove my gel color on hands and feet. the color was uneven like a child colored my nails. the massage, oh God. this is the first time I ever not give a tip. im usually generous. i was treated like a piece of meat. i was rubbed like meat, not slowly as It should be. the room is cold. my heart was thumping because the massage lady was so rude and intimidating. worst massage ever!!!!!
5	I bought a groupon for an hour facial and an hour message here. From recommendations of Yelp reviews I asked for a couple of specific people and most were actually no longer there. The process was easy making a reservation, checking in and checking out. Not once did they try to sell me products! I love that! I had Diena for my facial and she did an amazing job! It was so relaxing after my message! She had a firm gentle touch and was super friendly. I actually forget the girls name that did my message( :( ) but she did a great job! Her pressure was good and she was also super friendly. I highly recommend this place! It exceeds it's horrible competition down the street!
5	Amazing! I bought a groupon for a massage and facial. They were both so relaxing. The lady who did my massage had such strong hands and I loved the pressure. My facial was painless and pure bliss. I almost fell asleep more than once.However, the highlight was Diena Sullivan. I am from the Boston area and when in Vegas, wanted an affordable spa service. So I took a cab a half an hour away from my hotel (turns out the cab fare was $50 so I should have just gotten the $400 massage and facial at caesars!). After my services, I waited an hour for a cab, that never came. The spa receptionist and I kept calling the cab service, they kept saying someone would come, but never did. That's when Diena, the woman who did my facial, drove me 30 minutes out of her way to my hotel. She is an angel! A truly good person who is excellent at what she does! Go see her!! Thank you Diena!
5	Great experience. I normally just get a trim but they offered me the level of quality I've been searching for. Super glad I found a new salon. Ask of the guy with the British accent ;-)
1	HORRIBLE, do not buy extension hair from canyon falls!! I had the worst experience here. I have been a customer there for almost 3 years and have spent thousands there over the years buying extensions from them. I recently purchased their "best" hair (909 hair) and within a few weeks (after the the factory coating wore off) it turned into one big pile of matted hair. I went to the salon expecting them to give me new hair since they sold me a faulty product (for over $200), but the owner of the salon (Adam) was so rude to me and said they would not refund me or give me new hair. I am shocked as I've been a loyal customer to them for years and have given them thousands of dollars over those years. (And would have continued to so it's a big loss for them). They have lost me as a customer and I had to call my credit card to file a dispute because they sold me a defective product and would not issue a refund or exchange. I have heard from several other girls about a similar experience they've had at Canyon Falls. I should have listened to them! Buy your hair instead at Hair Plus on Maryland Parkway. They have the same hair that Canyon Falls sells, but for a lot cheaper. And great customer service! I work in the nightclub industry and almost everyone I know has hair extensions. I will be letting them know about my horrible experience with Canyon Falls as well as reporting Canyon Falls to the Better Business Bureau of Nevada. They are con artists with the worst customer service I've ever experienced.
