5	My engagement ring, wedding band and ex-husband's wedding band were all purchased here. They have a great selection and their customer service is superb! I've recommended Karat Patch to several people and they all bought their jewelry from them and were quite pleased.If you're looking for an engagement ring, a special gift or another piece of jewelry to add to your selection. Make sure you check this place out. You won't regret it!
4	The first of many wedding-related reviews I'll be writing over the next few months (blech, does it get any more girly? ah well). Karat Patch, you're awesome!So after hemming, hawing, discussing, researching, and browsing (god, we even went to Tiffany's) beau and I decided on simple bands for our wedding rings. We knew what kind of weight we wanted, what color, that kind of thing - weren't sure on the metal.So we sit down at Karat Patch and fondle like, 100 rings. They have a decently large selection to look through, and the lady helping us along was tolerant of our uncertainty (hour, hour and a half, two). We decide on a pair, they carefully size us, and then order them.This is when the service starts getting really, really good.Although they had already ordered our rings, they called when they'd gotten a similar style in in our price range - did we want to come see the new rings? We might like them more than the ones we'd already chosen. Cool.When we needed an extra week before throwing down muchos dolares on our new rings, they were totally chill about it. "No problem, we'll just hold onto them for ya." It ended up being more like 2. Still, no issues.We felt like we mattered, like they wanted our business. They were respectful, but really friendly. They offered to resize stuff if, as the wedding approached, things weren't still a perfect fit. Threw in all sorts of jewelry cleaning stuff, nice boxes, the whole shebang. Plus, the prices were reasonable and they were up front about any changes, how to save a little, etc. The perfect mom + pop experience, people. Screw Tiffany's. Yay Karat Patch!
2	I'm giving this place 2 stars because of the terrible customer service I received by two differenct associates.  I went to them to get a ring appraised and called the day before I was told that I could pick it up to make sure it would be ready.  I was told that no one had started on my appraisal and that the person that did appraisals wouldn'te be in until the next day.  I had left my ring with them for TEN days, so it was a little concerning that the appraisal hadn't even been started.  Then the lady on the phone cut me off twice when I was asking about the time I could pick the ring up the next day.  She transfered me to her manager and he didn't even say hello to me, he just started telling me that my ring would be ready sometime the next day.  I wasn't arguing with them, I was really just trying to plan my schedule around when I could pick up the ring.  I felt they were very rude and will NOT be recommending or working with them in the future.
5	The Karat Patch is going out of business, but I had the pleasure of stopping by today. The person helping me was wonderful. I didn't realize until halfway through our interaction that he was the owner. I told him my budget and what I was looking for (a ring). He busted his butt to show me several options. He also respected my budget. I hate pushy sales people and he was far from it. I couldn't decide between 3 rings. He was incredibly patient while I took my time. I came out spending less than I thought I would and with a gorgeous ring that I can't stop looking at.
