5	With having a car comes a lot of annoying responsibility. Tires are definitely an annoying responsibility. Discount tries to make things as easy and painless for you as possible, which I appreciate. Sure I LIKE my car, but I'm not one of those people who is obsessed with it. Because I know practically nothing about cars, I appreciate how you can bring your car to Discount and have them check your tires without an appointment to make sure everything is OK. Also when I have had to bring it in they have always been very fast and the guys working there do great customer service. Although they work as fast as they can, I would have someone come with you in a separate car so you can escape for an hour out of the oil smelling lobby with no recent magazines.
1	NEVER go here.  This place will rip you off eventually.  I sent a friend here who knows little about cars - she told me the customer service reps were making prank calls to other stores as she was waiting for service.  THEN they installed the wrong size tire on her car - four of them, in fact, which could have damaged her struts.  WHY?!?!?  After her experience here, I realized that they had failed to follow basic instructions of mine when I had bought several new tires, with the end result that I drove around for six months with no spare tire (partially my fault, of course, I should've checked that the tire floating around my trunk held air - I might've noticed the large gaping hole in the tire at some point).  I hereby resolve never to return to Discount Tire.  Apparently, they're managed by Neanderthals.
5	This review is a tough one for me. For years and years I have hated discount tire- not as a customer but as a small business competitor. I owned a repair shop up until about 5 years ago and grew to despise all that they represented, kind of like the Wal-Mart of the tire world. Nevertheless in the interest of an honest review here goes:The wife's car got a flat last night, too late to do anything about it, I threw the spare (which I ALWAYS check the pressure on) on and drove it home. Looked up online last night and found the tire I needed in stock at this location. Called this morning 10 minutes before they opened and actually got a helpful employee who confirmed they had the tire. It was my plan to just drop the loose wheel off and swing back in a few hours to get it and put it back on myself. When I got there I walked in, placed my order, paid my bill and went to get the wheel and leave it by their door. The salesman jumped out from behind the counter, threw on some gloves and took the wheel around for me- nice... this is something I would have done for a customer. He brought it around and told me that it would only be about 20 minutes or so and I could wait- Sweet, maybe my day is not totally screwed this early in the morning. I sit down, call the wife, try not to take too much credit for getting this whole thing sorted out quickly and wait :)The icing on the cake of my story- the guy takes my keys, pulls the car around, puts the wheel on, puts away the spare and checks the pressure and torque on all of the remaining wheels- Also something I would have done in the past. All in all a really good experience, and on top of it all, they did it cheaper than I could have done it by calling up anyone I still know in the business. Damn you and your great prices, quick service and streamlined processes!!!Anyway, in my honest opinion, they are hard to beat.
3	we didn't buy our tires here, but they fixed the leak anyway. for free. and they're nice. i like that. with our other cars, discount has provided a great warranty and a decent price.  i regret buying tires for my civic somewhere else ... with them i got a bad warranty and bad service. discount really is a-ok by me.
5	Discount is just damn good at what they do. Called at 8am, showed up at 8:45am, drove off with 2 new tires mounted & balanced at 9:15am. And they had the best price I found. Seriously, the place is one big machine.
3	If you are hard on your vehicles, buy the lifetime tire  balance and rotation for $ 50.00.
5	Things just don't go my way. I'm not having a good day, I pulled a muscle in my back while camping, and I now have to go to the doctors. Bummer. Just like playing Park & Shop when I was a kid, you try to do as many shopping stops in as little time as possible. Tire slowly leaking and needs repair, Doc office, Wallyworld, Lunch (these four all within walking distance, and I get to checkin at multiple on Mobile Yelp) hooray!Not only do I have a nail in one tire (really three in that one) and they point out I have a very bad bald tire that needs to be replaced. Where am I gonna come up with this money? Well Pain in my back is now Pain in my ass, but the guys were very helpful, great on customer service. Chuck worked well above expected out of a nightmare'ish situation, and I'm glad I take both of our vehicles to Discount.
4	I'd give 5 stars if the waits were better. When a woman needs any kind of car service from a wash to maintenance, she cringes & would rather plot her own death than deal with the bs that will surely ensue. The guys at this location are great and make me rethink offing myself. Sure, things haven't always been perfect but overall, they're honest, sincere, & don't talk to me like I'm an idiot. I appreciate that. Tires are expensive and you get what you pay for with quality and longevity but these guys give great service regardless of how much you're spending. Glad this location is my neighborhood Discount Tire.
5	10/7/11: I really appreciate when people take time to help you understand what your options are. Second tire problem in one month so I wasn't too happy to be there. They repaired it, and I got tire protection for life of these tires :) No hype. Just good people doing work. 12/7/11: back again and glad I got the tire protection.
5	Been here twice after nightmares at Fletcher's, and the guys here always take great care of me. Great prices, EXCELLENT customer service and the waits aren't too bad. I will only come here for my automobile needs from now on. Definitely recommend.
1	I almost wasted $260 on an unneeded tire. I brought in my car to fix a flat, it had a nail in it. After waiting almost an hour they told me it was unrepairable and tried to get me to buy a new tire. They were originally purchased at Fletcher's so I brought it there instead, hoping it was under warrantee. To my surprise they fixed the flat with no problem and I was on my way in 30 minutes, didn't have to spend a penny. Sham on you discount for trying to take advantage of a lady.
5	Nothing like the smell of brand new tires to get you excited. Reminds of being a kid in Houston when my father would come home from Goodyear where he worked for quite a while. Things have changed since then and now I have to pay for tires instead of just bringing in the car and saying hook me up.We love Discount Tires and especially this location. Close to the house and you have several options to shop or eat at while you are waiting. I have had them work on all my cars and we are always pleased. You can even go next door for a cold one if time permits.Quick and very friendly service while providing great value. They are so very helpful in the selection process and have several options to choose from their inventory. Today I saved $70 with a special they were running on Michelin tires. Gift card on the way. Cha Ching!Mark ... your car is ready. Awesome!
4	The people I dealt with were friendly and informative. I was honest with the guy about how much money I had in my bank and he helped me work with in my budget. I decided to go back the following week and get the insurance on all 4 tires per my sister's recommendation. She said they honor it no questions asked. It costs about $40 to insure all 4 tires.
5	I'm always impressed at how efficiently the staff at Discount Tire works...no one is ever loafing around or at 1/2 speed.  I've not ever seen another business that is so consistent. They work quickly and constantly.  I don't feel like I have ever been misled, over- charged or taken advantage of in m many visits to many locations....buying new tires, getting a flat fixed or just checking tire pressure and adding air- it's like an old full servic gas station k. The corner, too bad all they do is tires...
5	I went to discount tire a few months back because I had a nail in my tire and they fixed it for free even though I didn't buy the tires from discount tires. So I swore that I would give them a try. I needed four new tires and decided to go to discount tires this time. I made an online appointment for a Saturday and figured they would be very busy. The day before my appointment someone from discount tire called to help me pick a tire and reserve the tires for me. Very cool. So on Saturday, I walk in and got helped right away. I changed my mind on the tires I reserved without a problem. It still cost me a pretty penny but that's okay. They promised me that since I made an online appointment that they would have my car ready in 45 minutes. I watched when they pulled my car into the bay and question to myself if they were going to get done in 45 minutes. Anyways, got done in 30 minutes. They also cleaned the tires so it looked nice. As they drop the car off to me they thanked me for my business and that I would hopefully come back. Everyone was very grateful for my business. That's how you do business. Customer service is just outstanding and customer satisfaction seems very important to them. So if I'm gonna spend an arm and a leg for tires no matter where I go then I might as well have good customer service and satisfaction too. I will for sure be back here. Good job Discount Tire. Great job.
5	Simply stated: Excellent customer service.Have been a customer here for quite a while.Had a busted tractor tire, not even from them, hauled it in on a busy Saturday with no appointment. The tire had punctures, but it was salvageable; they fit me in on a busy morning and managed to fix the holes and give it air. I expected to have to pay some fee...but didn't have to pay anything. They sent me home with a smile.Just today I went for a free air check for my SUV. Before doing the air check, the young man asks if I want a bottle of water while I wait. Amazing service.
5	Josh, the assistant manager at the Tatum and bell location is absolutely amazing! He took such great care of me and I was extremely impressed with his customer service. The other guys at the store were also very helpful and courteous. This is definitely the place to go to when you get a flat!
4	Great experience here!  Super friendly staff, quick service, and fair price.  I'll be back the next time I need tire service.
5	Quick, polite, friendly, professional yet funny crew of employees they have here.  Their prices reflect that they understand what people need due to the economy.  I only wish they had more plugs for when one needs to work on their electronic device while waiting.  Mine started to die and I had to charge my laptop in an odd spot that left me in the way of employees and customers.  HOWEVER, I still highly recommend these guys.
5	These guys rule!!! Per chance I got there about half an hour after they'd closed and some guys were still locking up. They STILL took me in and fixed my flat at no cost! You just don't see that kind of friendly service anywhere!
5	Great service.  They won't try to sell you anything that you don't need.  If you prefer to have a different types of tires that goes to your vehicle, they will tell you why and why not it works or don't work on the car.  They want what's best for your vehicle.  They don't work on commissions, so feel free to ask as many questions as you possibly have.  I recently bought 4 tires for 2 of my vehicles for the President's Day special.  It's good deal when you know what you are doing.  Give them a try if you haven't done it before.  I know I'll go back again for more of their great services.
5	Stopped by Discount Tire to get a nail taken out of my rear tire and filled. As soon as I walked in a gentlemen came out from behind the counter and welcomed me into the store. He assessed my tire and entered all of my info into the computer and said it would be about 30minutes. He was extremely friendly. I waited outside for about 25min and another gentleman pulled my car up front and said everything had been completed and they checked the pressure on my other tires as well. When I asked how much he smiled and said "Free, we hope that you come back and buy tires from Discount". I absolutely will! I bought my last set from Walmart and they were a nightmare. What an exceptional experience.
5	Each time I've come to this discount tire location, I've always been greeted and serviced promptly. This motto of great service is what makes Discount Tires so successful. And their unflappable enthusiasm to check your tire pressure for you and patch any leaks free of charge. Just amazing!!!Once, for some weird reason, my tires were either low or leaking- it was very close to closing time, I called them and they actually waited for me to show up, took care of my issues before they closed shop. Talk about building costumer loyalty!Two Yelp thumbs up!
5	The guys here are great. An extra big thanks to Chris for the fantastic customer service.
5	These guys are awesome!! Stand behind their product... fast, easy and knowledgable!! Turned my boiling blood into an ear to ear smile!! I will NEVER go anywhere else again!!
5	Absolutely fantastic!Friendly, helpful and such a polite staff.To be in and out within an hour without an appointment and when the tires I wanted weren't even in stock... absolutely amazing!
5	Great place! I went in for a tire pressure check. I was in and out in less than 10 minutes and was given a bottle of water. FREE! Great service nice employees I come here for all tire stuff. :)  thanks Discount Tire Guys.
