5	Diya is amazing. A great little place! She was precise and gentle. Finally a great threader in Summerlin.
5	If I could rate more stars for OMThreading I absolutely would!  Diya provides excellent customer service and is very thourough with all of her work.  I began here getting my eyebrows threaded for the first time and will never go anywhere else.  Not only is she reasonably priced for anywhere from threading to facials and on up to dermapalning (which I highly recommend to anyone who wants amazing results instantly!). Diya will talk you through each treatment, make you feel comfortable and provide excellent service each and everytime! If you live in summerlin or even anywhere in the Las Vegas area and you haven't seen Diya at OMThreading yet, get your appointments in now!! Doesnt get better than OMThreading and beauty Bar!
5	Threading was great hadn't had it done and Love it more than waxing...doesn't burn my skin like some wax didI also have had a few facials. D is great takes care of my skin needs!!  Would recommend Diya !!!
5	my eyebrows are impeccable! i cannot believe it! i honestly never thought that i could have them looking so similar! u know the saying, your eyebrows are sisters...not twins? well i may just have to disagree!
1	Ok, so this was my first time getting my eyebrows threaded. I left there with thread burns that caused cuts on my face: under my chin, on both sides of my lip and both sides of my eyebrows. It took almost a week for the scabs to fall off. Thank God my birthday wasn't for another few days so I didn't have to face everyone with scabs all over my face. The shape of my eyebrows came out ok, but I wouldn't take another chance at getting battle wounds. This was my experience, so you make your own decision whether you want to put your face in the hands of Diya.
5	I absolutely loved the work she did on my eyebrows. It was my first time getting my eyebrows threaded, I did not even know my eyebrows even could look so perfectly shaped! She made it a fast and pleasant experience! I will be going back for sure!
5	Diya is so nice...my first time getting leg and bikini wax in salon and I was freaking out! She made me feel relaxed and comfortable...I came in for sugaring but hair was too short so she did waxing ajd gave me a great deal for half leg and bikini. I was a big baby about bikini wax as it was a bit painful in some areas but she helped me calm down and relax. Definately reccomend her!
