3	Thomas Road & I17.  Fresh Remodel.  The Unbelievably Cool Guy in the Superbowl Video Loop running December through May finally got his volume turned down. You know what you get when you eat at Dennys.  Moon over My Hammy, the Grand Slam, etc. decently priced, meal and drink about $10. Mom likes it here a lot.  Especially the chicken noodle soup.  We eat here occasionally.  It was nice to walk in and see fresh upholstery on the seating, new carpet, and some new paint.  There were even actual pictures of notable Central Phoenix architecture hung on the wall alongside the burger and Pancake Puppy pictures.  Most hotels can't even get local pictures on their walls.  I thought that was very good.  Service at this Denny's is variable.  Some meals are worth actually doubling the tax for a tip.  Other tips are for table consultation.  This Denny's is at the crossroad of Interstate 17 and U.S. 60.  Lots of people stop in.  So of course, lots of guys want to leave their marks in the men's room.  Not missed the bulls-eye kind of marks, but 'hood, homey, personal tags and of course, the occasional misled Supremacist swastica.  Phoenix is a culturally diverse place.  Everyone seems to want to publicly express theirs.  However, not much poetry or humor here.  I cannot vouch for the Ladies Room.  This should not put off the intrepid Denny's Yelp*er or diner.  The facilities are generally clean, the paper supplies stocked, and soap is in the dispenser.  Regular mopping, cleaning, and stocking rounds are made.      Speaking of misled supremacists, I know Denny's reputedly had a corporate culture ignoring some populations within our United States of humanity.  They took the cure.  Staff is diverse, clientele is everybody, all treated the same, no matter what the quality of service.  The Lovely D and I were once ignored for two hours in a now-defunct chain restaurant.   We could only fantacize why four rounds of guests  were served before we got a glass of water.  We have never experienced that kind of treatment in a Denny's anywhere in the U.S.A.Consistent well known product, decently priced, fresh upholstery with no cuts, burns or gluteal imprint craters, table tops a new unworn color and pattern, carpet without tracks worn into it, considerable fresh paint, and the Max Cool talking dudes turned way down.  Mom likes the chicken noodle soup, which can be very good restaurant chicken noodle soup, service and quality are decent,  I promise we will return.
3	This is a Denny's, so the food is pretty unremarkable. However, when I've had to forego Matt's Big Breakfast and Mel's Diner for whatever reason, I come here because the food is consistently decent and the staff is consistently friendly and attentive.
1	Once in a while, it's possible that a restaurant can have a bad night. Like going on your first date with spinach on your front tooth. But three nights in a row is not a fluke; it's an art. My first night, I ordered their Brooklyn Spaghetti and meatballs. Had I been a Brooklyn wise-guy, somebody would be missing a knee-cap.  They served it in a soup bowl, which was appropriate for the water in the bottom. The "garlic bread" was subbed with some kind of flat bread with garlic butter on it.Service was minimal, and the waiter must have been on his first week of employment-- Anywhere.So I gave them another chance the next night, and ordered a sizzling platter. Served with a Filthy handle cover, and a rusty, or dirty knife.Third times a charm: Spaghetti again. Forgot the cheese. The white bread that was substituted for garlic toast, wasn't even toasted. The waiter said he was sorry, and he was right.Cleanliness wasn't an option, or a concept known to them.Suffice to say it had  all the old world charm of Tijuana.
3	Let's be honest here, this is a Denny's. You know why you're here. Either you're here because it was convenient or it's after 2AM and you're flat wasted or getting over and you need some grubbing. With that being said, you already know what this place is about. You are not expecting Ritz Carlton appearance, service, and price. This is the place off the freeway at I-17 and Thomas. We came out of the nearby strip club Jaguar's around 2AM since they stopped serving booze. We were hungry. Food was Denny's quality. It's edible and exactly what you wanted. Do not expect the steak to be anything other than line cooked steak. However, at this point in time, I don't quite remember what I ordered given the situation but I can assure you it was delicious and fitting of sobering up. The place looks like a Denny's, of course.The lot fits a bunch of people but it's partially a shared lot with the hotel next door. Bathrooms are relatively clean. Prices are below $10 typically. Portions are reasonable. There are things above $10 though such as steak, etc. I've been here a lot...of course I'm going to come here again. For everyone else, this place will do decently.
2	I will never eat at another Denny's again. The good: Staff was great, very friendly, and make it feel like a relaxing place to enjoy your food, but the food is the problem. Food tasted horrible, and for what they charge is just ridiculous.
2	We went after going to Glendale Glitters and got here about 10pm.  We sat down right after walking in, they weren't too busy at that time.  We had to wait almost 10 minutes before a server came over, guess his shift was just starting because you could hear either the other server or manager telling our server to that maybe they want to clock in and start working since their shift was starting.  I got our menus, we had to wait to get silverware until after our food came because they said they didn't have any, some of our silverware was still a bit dirty.  Our server took a few minutes to bring our drinks and that was after he had to come back and ask again what one of them was.  He was slow, but nice enough.The food was okay, it's typical Denny's food.When we were about to leave,  I counted I believe 6 of the employees standing outside, near the front door, talking and smoking.  Even the MoD was out there with them!  Right outside the door, not even down the ramp, not the 20 feet all the signs says.  I'm pretty sure the only employee left in the building was the kid that was serving us.
3	Ok I usually like Denny's and based on the food and service it gets 3 stars. The food was quite good and a bang for your buck. The young gentleman who waited on us got a fat tip. He was on point. The reason it's not a 5 star Denny's are the two downfalls of the visit. One it was dead and it was messy. Food crumbs in the window seal and all over the carpet. There were only 4 customers and about 6 employees so that was unnecessary. Second they had an employee meeting going on and they were loud and obnoxious. It was almost uncomfortable hearing their rants. The manager should've kept them quieter although her service was good as well.
1	If I could give a rating of ZERO, I would. Lack of management and a blatant disregard for professionalism has created a chasm of abysmal service accompanied by a consistent state of denial that something is fundamentally wrong. DO NOT EAT HERE.
1	The food it's great like always but the customer service really but the chunky white girl who was our server  she shoulder being working here,  thank you to the manager she was really nice after works,
1	Fifteen minutes no server they aren't that busy, no management at all this is by far the worst I've been to, just want some breakfast late in the day
5	After reading previous reviews questioned wether to eat here..am glad I wanted to make my own opinion. Were greeted as we entered, our server was very cheerful. The food was very good and received promptly.
1	Waited 50 minutes for food, with no explanation or apology.  Rather defensive waitress offered us drink refills when one of our party complained.  Will not be stopping here again.
1	What is going on here? Are they always shortstaffed? They took so long with our meals. Everything we asked for took long. 2nd time we went we left because the line was almost out the door waiting for seats.
1	This is the worst service I have ever had... We got started fairly quickly and got our drinks but since then it's has been at least 30 minutes since we placed our order nobody has come by to refill our drinks and even trying to get the waitress's attention to refill drinks nothing... We are almost to the point of walking out the service ifs so bad
1	Worst Denny's ever they brought out half cooked food horrible service and to top it off manager was the one who helped us very terrible!!!! NEVER AGAIN next time I'm going to Waffle House
4	Excellent service by Andrea.   The place is remodeled and the menu refurbished.  Open 24/7.  The new chicken salad sandwich with seasonal fruit is an improvement over the usual bacon, cheese and sugar-laden fare of Denny's.  Will I return?  Yes.
1	Service was subpar from waitress Stephanie. The redeeming factor was the waitress named India. She was attentive, upbeat, and friendly even though we were not in her section. I ordered bacon very very very crispy. What I got was rubbery undercooked bacon. Sent it back and waitress Stephanie slammed plate back on the table and said is that ok? Had to ask for more coffee and then for cream. Horrible service. If you do go, ask for India. She is awesome!!!
5	Clean, good service and the food was delicious. Tried the new Banana Pancakes. This was my first time and hopefully not the last one.
1	The service is ok but the food is not worth it.  Found a 10 inch strand of hair in my food!! Gross
1	We normally enjoy this location. We go on Tuesdays or Saturdays for Kids Eat Free because we honestly can not see spending $40 plus tip for breakfast at a Dennys. We can eat at a fancy place like Abuelos for $45 plus tip. We went in 2 weeks ago on a Tuesday night. Yummy meal except the new chef had no clue how to poach an egg...come on now and AFTER  I paid the bill I realize the did NOT give me the kids eat free. The waitress actually tells me that I have to ASK for it. I am sorry but it advertised on the outside of the building that kids eat free on Tuesdays. I am pretty sure its illegal to tell me I have to ask for it. If not,its very unfair practice. I demanded they refund the amound and re ring up the order. The manager is called and tells me she can not do that. I am sorry but I am a business owner and used to work retail. YES you can refund and re ring the order. When I asked her what she would do to fix it she just tells me to come in anytime and get the kids eat free. I asked her for a coupon or something said this. She just takes my name and says that good enough. We all know that if we go in and she is not there, they will have NO clue what is going on AND how long is she going to keep my name in her pocket. Bad eggs and awful service!
