5	There's two main reasons why I love Fight Capital. First off, the coaches and trainers know what's up. No pansy LA-Boxing-type Soccer Mom stuff (although there are cardio workouts if that's what you're looking for). Skipper Kelp and his staff know boxing and MMA, they've done it, and they'll get you into fight ready shape. They're nice, but when it's time to do work, work gets done.Here's the other reason why I love Fight Capital: late hours! Guys and gals in the hotel/casino industry out here in Vegas, you KNOW how important that is! Most fight gyms are open from like 10am to 8pm. That's all well and good, but some of us have to work those hours. We don't get the luxury of saying, "Yeah, we're going to just close the hotel for the night." So the fact that on Wednesdays and Thursdays at midnight, and Fridays at 10pm, there's a boxing class is an absolute godsend for swing-shifters like myself. Right now it's only boxing that's late-night, but I know they are working on getting late-night MMA and muay thai going as well.And this is a gym that can truly say they treat their fighters like family. No attitude here: from day one learners to seasoned pros, everyone backs each other up around here. Even the boxers and MMA fighters support each other, which is more than I can say for some mixed gyms I've been in.If you're looking for a fun workout, then check the place out, but if you're looking to get fight-ready and compete then I HIGHLY SUGGEST you call and check out the gym. There's no other fight gym that stays open this late in Vegas. Probably in the world.You'll be glad you checked it out. Unless you're in the opposite corner from me in the ring. Then maybe you won't be so glad.
5	Quick Update: Late night boxing has expanded to Wed/Thurs/Fri/Sat at 10pm... I can't stress how helpful that is for people like me who are in the "Industry..."
4	Had to take it down a star... the coach who ran the late-night program (one of the highlights of this gym, if you ask me) for one reason or another went to another gym. Now the later sessions aren't as late and are primarily muay thai. Not a terrible thing, but I just prefer boxing.Still a great gym, and worth a check-out, just disappointing that one of their key points for me is gone.
5	Owned by former pro boxer Skipper Kelp this gym is a Las Vegas institution for mma and boxing.
5	Been coming here for a little over a year and I love it! Never leaving to another gym.
5	Love this gym . Good people talented trainers,  always good sparring good equipment  love to come there .
