4	I bought a LivingSocial for Shawna's massage services and it was a decent enough massage. After some confusion on when I was supposed to come in, I made the appointment for a couple weeks out. Her salon is in a weird office building on Lake Mead in Henderson and is pretty much the only thing like it in the building. The LivingSocial included aromatherapy, and she had about six choices to choose from. The room temperature was fine, the pressure was fine, everything was a-okay.I probably won't be back because I am a whore for cheap massages....LivingSocial and Groupon know how to get me. I can't justify going back somewhere and paying more when I know there's someone just as good who is offering a cheap-ass-cheap massage for a limited time. I would, however, recommend Shawna as her office is located nicely where no other massage is located and she did provide a good massage on a dime.
1	I bought a voucher from Living Social to have 2 massages, one for myself and one for my husband, back in September 2013. I made my appointment for my massage and went; it was a good massage for the price. I then tried to make my husband's appointment for a couple weeks out. The day before the appointment, Shawna texted my husband and cancelled. No biggie; things happen. What was strange was that she cancelled without any attempt to book a future date with him. When he did text back and asked for another appointment date, she replied, "I don't have anything for a long time." Umm, huh???? We were surprised at the lack of professionalism, but whatever... he continued to text back and finally was able to make another appointment for 3 weeks out for himself. The day before this appointment, guess what...she cancelled again. My husband was fed up. He told me to take the voucher because he would not go to someone so unprofessional as to cancel twice and not even suggest a future date. So I got involved and texted Shawna, told her he'd been cancelled on twice, that he didn't want the voucher anymore, that I would be using it instead, and asked if she could fit me in early the following week and move one of her other clients around due to this issue, and she said, "No." I tried to be understanding, and with further pursuit on my part, I finally got another appointment for two weeks out for myself. Guess what?  Yep....she cancelled on me the day before my massage. I texted her back saying this is the third time and I wanted a refund. She basically said no, you have to talk to Living Social. She didn't offer me any future date for a massage, nothing. She again wouldn't move another client around for the next whole two weeks to fit me in! So, again, trying to be the understanding, patient person I want to be, I made yet another appointment for two weeks out. And guess what. Yeah, you know what I'm going to say....She cancelled on me again, this time within one hour of my appointment. Enough was enough, I called Living Social and got my refund. It is unbelievable to me how some people stay in business.
1	Do not bother to schedule an appointment with Shawna! Bought a deal on living social to try out & scheduled my appointment.  She texted me to confirm my massage 2 days ahead & then the day of my appointment cancelled bc she had the flu. Then I had to wait over a month for her to fit me since she claimed she was completely full for weeks (even though you would think she'd extend her hours or attempt some other way to make up her cancellation).  Again 3 days before my massage I confirmed my new appointment & everything was on schedule. Surprise surprise on the day of my appointment she cancels again saying she has a tooth issue & needed to go to the dentist.  Reading other reviews it looks like she used the same/similar excuses. I wished I could of seen these other reviews before I purchased the deal.  Since my deal had expired from her first cancellation I was only able to get credit, but luckily I found a deal for Apache Wellness Center & they were able to fit me in that same day for the same price & my massage was amazing! Living social should band her from being able to promote since she is a fraud! My guess is that she schedules people with living socials to fill in her time slots so she has some income, but then when she gets a client willing to pay full price bumps those with the deal to the side...hence her bs excuses! If you bought a deal do yourself a favor and ask for a refund now since she is the most unprofessional person I have ever had to deal with!!!!
1	I bough an Amazon Local back in January of 2014, booked an appt. in March because she was booked out. On the day of the massage Shawna texts me saying, she is "sorry she is not feeling well and will have to cancel today." I thought, Okay, things come up. I had to call a month later to reschedule.Next appt. was booked for May and sure enough the day of, I get a text that she is sick and will have to cancel. So now I am a little frustrated but figure I will try one more time.Next appt. is set up for June 28th, and sure enough the morning of I get a text that she has to cancel because she is going to the ER! I couldn't believe it. I see that she even used that excuse with someone else on here. I try to be a patient person but three same day cancellation within 5 months is beyond acceptable.I got a refund and unfortunately do not recommend Shawna or this practice to anybody. I am sure she is a nice person and she was responsive to texts, but this is not how you run a business. BEWARE!!!
1	It's such a shame. Shawna is good at massage but terrible with her customers. I bought a package for myself and my boyfriend, three massages each. She canceled on us time and time again. It got to the point where she was canceling on me an hour before a massage was supposed to happen. Excuses included she was sick, her daughter was sick, her car wouldn't start, death in the family and so on and so forth. We ended up giving up. We still have credit for two or three unused massages between the two of us. It just wasn't worth the hassle. Massage Envy hasn't canceled on me once.
