4	I'm rating this place as a Music Venue and Bar, not as a restaurant. UB's seems to be hosting a slew of Metal shows over the next 3 months, which is good to see a place open it's arms and bar to the metal community. As far a heavy metal venue goes, its run of the mill. It has enough room to either mosh or sit in the booths along the back wall. As far as the bar, the prices seemed slightly on the high side, especially for the "dive-ness" this place exhibits. Their beer menu had 4 or 5 typos on it, just something to chuckle at, such as Rolling Rook beer, O'Dools, and listed Fat Tire as an import. (Cuz Colorado is SO FAR way). Luckily, beer and metal go together, so people tend to pay. The old man in the Bolo tie checking ID's was definitely a good sport.
3	I had the opportunity to check this place out as a music venue/bar when my buddies of MIssion G were performing this past weekend.I have to agree with Koli, the prices for the 'dive-sh' scene the place would be pegged as, has a lil higher prices then expected but all in all my tab was definitely still cheaper than another regular bar.My one major disappointment with the venue would be that they don't handle liquor. Only beer and wine. Now I like wine don't get me wrong, but when I'm rocking out to a hardcore show, balancing the wine glasses is the furthest thing from my mind. Otherwise the people were pretty cool, the bartender girl was super nice and helpful, even shook my hand and introduced herself. And the overall crowd was all good company.
2	Came here to see my friends band Ashes Of Erin. I'm almost positive I have been to every music venue in the valley and as far as bars featuring live music goes I give this place two stars. I feel like the place is under construction. Needs some paint and something on the walls. Its like being in a garage, so if that's what they are going for then I guess they did a good job. I will say that the stage is nice and lots of room for the band to set up and move around on stage. Many small music venues have the smallest stage like Big Fish Pub where you will often find one or two band members on the floor next to the stage playing cause lack of room on stage. The old guy checking Id's is really funny. I was joking with him about how he has the easy job and he said " yeah I hope I don't have to kick someone else out tonight, and the ones I kicked out last night better not come back cause I remember there faces". The old man is hilarious. The bartender women was very nice but I was not in the mood for beer and they have no hard alcohol so I didn't drink there just watched my friends band and headed out. I would not eat food here but for live music its ok. The sound quality here is just  ok, it could be a lot better.
