4	Ok, I am writing this review without having gotten my furniture in the house yet.  So this review is about the showroom and the sales process.What a pleasent experience we had.  We litterally entered looking for some under $100 nightstands for a guest bedroom.  The selection and displays were so well done that we ended up spending over $3000 on some couches and a desk.  Our salesperson was Brian, an older gentlemen, who was the epitome of soft sell.  No hard pushing, courteous and kind.  Everything worked out.  Now we just have to see how well they deliver and how well the furniture stands up.NOTE - this is not a top tier furniture store, but it is no IKEA either.  Nice middle of the road quality, just what we were looking for.
1	There is no way to give this business zero stars?  Horrible business, cheap furniture. Bought a bed from them last year, when it arrived the dimensions were all wrong. How can you mess that up?  It was a pain dealing with them to resolve the issue. Pay a little more and go to a reputable location!
1	DO NOT BUY FROM THIS COMPANY.  I bought a 2 piece sectional, ottoman, and the extended warranty.  Within a month a small crack appeared on the front of the frame of one part of the sofa. I called the warranty company.  They said the warranty does not go into effect for a year and to call the store.  I did and was told to "call the warehouse".  The girl on the phone was clueless and said a manager would call me back.  They never did.  I called them hours later and was told a repair guy would come out.  He came out and looked at the couch and told my wife he would order parts and come back.  I get a call later saying it is not covered.  I then ask why did I buy the 5 year FULL coverage (even accidents) warranty??  I went back to the store demanding a refund.  The manager then said he would call his"warranty people" and has  been ducking my calls ever since.   I am in the process of getting a lawsuit against them.
2	Just an update.After multiple more calls, the warranty company Guardian declined the claim.  I was told by the store warehouse manager to write a cancellation letter to get a refund for the extended warranty I was paying for.  This was on 9/23.   I immediately wrote the letter  and one day after mailing it off,  I get a call from the store warehouse manager stating they "worked something out with Guardian people and will finally take care of me".  They picked up the sofa a few days later, repaired it, and delivered it back.In all it took almost a month and a half to resolve the issue, from late August to the beginning of October.  I am happy the store eventually stepped up so I added a star for that, but still not totally satisfied with the overall experience.  The funny thing is I never heard from anybody at Guardian regarding the letter I mailed to them.  Not surprising from what I read about them on the Better Business Bureau's website. Mose of the complaints are about them not being responsive.   Oh well, the sofa is fixed for now so lesson learned.    Life moves on.
