3	Eat N Park is a lot like Denny's. They're open 24 hours a day, they have standard diner type of food. And they're a pretty downscale sort of place. The big differences is Eat N Park is actually priced appropriately - the same dish is usually a buck or two cheaper. A good choice if you're hungry at 3am.
3	I've been coming to this Eat 'n' Park for years, ever since I lived in Greenfield.  My husband Rick and I come here sometimes since it is only a couple of blocks from where we live.They have low-carb options for when my BGs are acting goofy on me.  The thing is, these menu items don't come with any sides, so when you add them in, your carbs go up.  I'll even have a ham-n-cheese omelet with a cup of coffee for dinner.On the other hand, their dinners are pretty good.    I like the char-grilled chicken and the Chicken Alfredo.  For sandwiches, I like their BLT, although the burgers are nothing special--they're not bad but I think you can get better burgers elsewhere.  Breakfasts here are pretty good.  They have the usual assortment of egg, pancake, and waffle dishes.  They do have a fairly good Sunday Brunch, which is eggs, fresh fruit, muffins, biscuits, stuffing, chicken, pierogies, potatoes, salads, etc.  But when Rick and I want to treat ourselves to a special brunch, we usually go to Pamela's in Shadyside. I play in a band with my brother, my cousins, (they're also brother and sister), and two friends.  We like to stop in, usually before a gig.  The food's tasty enough, nothing spectacular, but consistent. In short, it fills the bill when you need a quick meal.
3	i used to come here a lot when i lived in pittsburgh. it's like a lot of other diner's, very similar to denny's, but who else makes smiley face cookies??? i would go just for the cookie. it's good for a quick meal, or a late night place to chill and grab some food.
4	Ya Can't go wrong with this place tis a Pittsburgh pastime!
2	I normally wouldn't write a review for a local chain restaurant like Eat n' Park.  In fact, I really try not to eat at any chain restaurants, but Mom and Sis' like the french toast.  So, the reason for the post... I went there today for a late breakfast with my family.  It's a sunday morning, so we expect to wait.  That's no big deal.  We wait for about 20 minutes to get a table and are seated.  The waitress arrives promptly and since we're trying to make it to a movie we place our order right away.  She seems nice at first and the coffee arrives quickly,,, so far so good.... 10 min, 20 min, 30 min... and no refill on the coffee or water, 40 min...waitress comes by to tell us it will be right up, 50 min, 55 min.,  looks like we're missing IronMan and I'm gonna be forced to endure the Patrick Dempsey chick flick... finally Mom gets up and finds the waitress who argues with her that it's only been 25 minutes... (Huh?).  Then says she'll send over the manager.  The manager arrives tells us they are really busy and her other manager is in the back cooking(Umm, sorry for your troubles, but having the waitress argue with the customer instead of a simple sorry has nothing to do with you being short staffed).  She offers to pay for our breakfast (which is now lunch due to the wait)... Really!  You'll comp. the $3.99 Breakfast smile.  How Generous!  No thanks, you've just wasted an hour of our lives that we'll never get back.  We leave and I'm  stuck eating goobers and watching the McDreamy flick.  The food is what you'd expect.  Nothing worth commenting on and as I just mentioned the only thing I got to try today was the coffee.  The only reason I'm giving it two stars instead of one is for my childhood nostalgia for the smiley cookies.
3	I went here more than I care to admit. I usually got a turkey club or one of the egg breakfasts. Poached? Yes! With a cheap, fatty steak? Yes! And rye toast? Also yes!  And the pancakes + blueberries were decent too. I wouldn't get too adventurous or expect too much, but it's handy, esp if you want to show up in grubby workout clothes and build your own salad at the salad bar. The service at this location was always good (sometimes great) and I liked it for people watching. Nice atmosphere at odd hours - late at night, or very early, or in the middle of the morning, on a weekday. Yeah, it's a chain, but it's also very Pittsburgh. Very.That said, the cookies taste vaguely like Play-Doh and I would never order dessert or wait for a table here. 24/7
4	Eat N' Park is the place you go when you find yourself out with friends late at night and you're looking for a place to hang. I've found myself here after many such events - proms, weddings, birthday parties, you name it. The food is not that great at all, but it's cheap, predictable, and since I've moved from Pittsburgh, it always feels a bit like home. It's definitely an integrated part of what Pittsburgh feels like to me. I've always had good service when I've gone here, and as others have said, it is the home of the Smiley cookie. What more could you want?
3	The absolutely average regional chain diner.If you're looking for no frills, few gimmicks, low cost, friendly service, and comfort food, this is the absolute best out there.I'm a fan of the Breakfast Smile, which is two eggs, two pieces of bacon, two pieces of toast, and home fries, hash browns, or grits.Family friendly, teenager friendly, senior citizen friendly.  Drunk friendly on the graveyard shift, as well.  Nonsmoking.
3	Mmmmmm!   BLT and fries for dinner!  My husband and I were too lazy to cook on Saturday night, so we came here for dinner.  And I do so love BLTs!
1	I understand that these eateries can be a fun hangout but that is no excuse for this crumby diner chain. I have been to the Sq. Hill location several times and and each time I have dined (if that's what you want to call it) at an E'nP I felt like committing Sepaku (Hari - Kiri). I never got sick from the food but more disgusted with myself for stooping to this lever of gastronomy. Nothing really worthwhile on the menu (maybe a burger- how much can you mess that up?). My gut just tells me not to trust E 'N Ps.  No offense to truck drivers of America b/c they keep supplies on our selves but It  reminds me of a truck stop restaurant without the truck drivers. I always seem to migrate to the salad bar and get weirded out for having to deal with the utensils that pick up the salad. So I wind up washing my hands after getting my salad stuff. The Sq. Hill E 'N P is a dive diner chain for sure. I even think there have been a few hold ups here in the past. It's not like I would ever say to my friends in NY, SF, London or wherever..."Hey when you come to Pittsburgh be sure to go to an E 'N P to get the flavor of the city". Obviously this place appeals to a certain class of people of which I guess I can't be a part of as much as I want to be at times.
3	My husband Rick and I decided to hang out in the neighborhood today and have some brunch then go to a movie at the Manor.  Now even though "brunch" might mean some breakfasty foods like eggs, pancakes, etc, there are four reasons why I like Eat-n-Park:1)  Coffee2)  B3)  L4)  TYep, nothing like a good cup of Joe and a BLT at 11:30 am on a Sunday!
3	It's eat n park... its not a 5 star restaurant... if you are looking for an excellent meal, its probably not the place to go. BUT, its a staple of growing up in pittsburgh. I love their breakfasts (those strawberry muffins are soooo good!) and its pretty much a great go-to place for late nights - don't forget a smiley cookie on your way out!
4	There's not really a ton to say -- the food's generally okay, but it's cheap, open 24 hours, and the service has always been friendly.  You can get decently healthy sides with meals (they had two or three different choices of veggie things, in addition to rice and the standard greasy side fare); I've never tried the salad bar, but friends have, and it looks good.  (This location, at least, buys local produce, which, in my general experience, makes quite a difference in taste.)  Lastly, they have great milkshakes, and a nice selection of desserts.
2	This location is hipster central on the weekends after the bars let out. The late night and early morning crew are all pretty stellar and the restrooms and dining area are always clean. As for the food..well, its e&p - what do expect?
3	This is a pretty standard breakfast restaurant like Perkins. They offer breakfast all day and the food is not too pricey. I have to say it is nothing too exciting, but it is a solid meal. While in Pittsburgh (from Cincinnati) visiting my brother, we initially went to IHOP (which I was pretty disappointed in because we can go to IHOP anywhere). The IHOP was in a brand new development, with a huge parking lot, and a 45 minute wait. Luckily we decided to ditch IHOP and go to Eat n' Park two minutes away. There was no wait; it was not crowded at all, and it was part of a nice business district that reminded me of Northside in Cincinnati (somewhat, though not quite as cool).I would have liked to go to a truly local restaurant (not a chain) in Pittsburgh for our last meal before leaving, but it was better than IHOP. I don't really understand the name though. Shouldn't it be Park n' Eat? Oh well.
4	Early morning breakfast buffet = epic winning. Let me paint a scenario for you:It's 1230AM Saturday. You've imbibed a fair amount after what amounts to a fairly miserable week. You want food, without prejudice.You think to yourself, "I could really go for a waffle, blueberry muffin, biscuits, bacon, and cantaloupe. All on the same plate. All smothered in a layer of syrup, followed by a layer of melted cheese product, followed by as much country gravy as the plate can possibly hold. And I want to not only be hungover tomorrow, but also regret every delicious food mistake I've made in the past 8 hours. And when I'm all done, I want to eat a cookie that looks at me and subconsciously says 'don't worry friend, I'm not judging your eating habits, this smile is because you're awesome.'" And then you realize that cookie is absolutely right - you are awesome. And so you go to Eat n' Park for that glorious 1AM breakfast buffet.So gross to think about, but so satisfying to experience.Don't judge me.
4	Eat 'n' Park is one of the great things about the Pittsburgh area.  Never have I seen a chain diner where the food is so consistently good.  Eat 'n' Park blows Denny's and King's out of the water in terms of quality.Now, that doesn't mean that it's the best food ever! It's still diner food, and some of it is still going to feel cheapish.  BUT their shredded pot roast is excellent, their steak and cheese isn't very Philly, but is very tasty, and I rarely have a bad server here.If you want some eats and a bottomless cup of coffee, seek out an Eat 'n' Park!
2	I normally don't review chains, but I was told this was a Pittsburgh staple, so here I am, reviewing a chain.I'm from Jersey.  I'm used to real Jersey diners.  This diner, in comparison, is kinda the equivalent to Friendly's.  If you can't make it to Jersey for your diner needs, at least patronize an independent business instead.
1	I have to agree with Ali O. I like Friendly's better...
4	We all know that Eat n' Park is a Pittsburgh institution, but this Murray Avenue location is definitely the best!  I attended Chatham University several years ago, where my friends and I would walk up in the middle of the night to get some coffee and cheesy fries while smoking a cig in the smoking section!  We would go so often that the 3rd shift staff knew us by name and knew our orders by heart.  All in all, the service is friendly, the food is cheap and satisfying (with plenty of healthy options), and you can't beat that it's 24 hours!
3	I used to frequent this place a lot as a freshman at CMU down the street-- mostly because we had money on our food dining card and it could be used for ENP.  This ENP is really easily accessible by the public buses that go from CMU to Squirrel Hill.  Granted, this ENP is kinda old and could use some re-decorating (it feels like a blast from the past) but if you want OK/decent diner food for OK/decent prices, ENP is an option... I think some of their food was kinda greasy, and I remember a sandwich was that positively drowned in gravy.I do recall that their shakes are actually pretty good.  I remember getting one that was mocha and it had an espresso bean on top of the whipped cream.  Totally didn't sleep that day.Their smiley cookies are also good here too.  They're just plain sugar cookies with icing on the top and their silly face drawn on it - I mean you could get these iced cookies in the supermarket too but don't you want the smiley?  So happy!
4	As far as the food goes, this place is A-OK. As an Eat 'n Park, I give this location 4 stars. As I stated previously, the late night staff are pretty awesome and hella patient. If I worked here,  I'd be fired within a week. The remodel looks great, I love all of the Murray Ave.  pics that adorn the walls and kudos to the E&P brand for supporting local growers and incorporating them into their menu.
2	So, the Eat N Park company decided to renovate the Squirrel Hill shop.  They spend hundreds of thousands of dollars to make the place look hip and trendy, with high tables and chairs, garage door windows to allow for opening and closing during the nicer seasons to 'open air' the place. They spent money on new art that shows the neighborhood. The gave the facade a facelift with stone and paint, and cut the place in half to create another bistroid on what used to be the left side of the seating area. Everything is new. New counters and display cases, new carpeting, regular chairs and tables, and upholstered booths. New lighting fixtures. There's even a TV for - well - yet MORE sports coverage in da burgh.On the wall between the restrooms is a huge banner boasting of how much money they've given to local charities annually. If I recall correctly, the amount was around $2 Million.So they have money to spend on new restaurants, like Porch, an overstated atmospheric case of overpriced mediocrity, and whatever this new bistroid is that's next to the old but new Eat N Park. They have money to renovate the Eat N Park into an apparent trendy high end diner. They have enough money to donate $2 Million to charity.But dear Eat N Park...what about the FOOD?Generally, the only reason my friend and I go to Eat N Park is to grab the breakfast buffet before an afternoon of movies.  Which we did this morning, and what did we find?A big fancy renovation - with the same ol' crappy food.Scrambled eggs out of a carton that would make a World War II military man feel right at home. Rubbery pancakes. The same out-of-a-can cheese sauce for whatever you wanted to ladle it over. The same flavorless sausage gravy for dried out biscuits. Sausage greasy enough to lube your 1957 Buick. And they can't even be bothered with the little potato pancakes that used to actually be kind of yummy. One the first trip to the buffet, they had maybe six potato-pancake-like chunks left in the pan, and when we came back for more, they'd switched to regular hash browns patties that had been cut into squares. Same ol' dry mini-muffins. Same ol' canned fruit. Even the 'sauteed' mushrooms were nearly raw and dry, barely cooked at all, let alone 'sauteed'.I found humor in the fact that they now try to sell their own bags of coffee along with the smiley cookies in the dessert counter, when the coffee that comes to the table is pretty much brown water, that my friend and I refer to as 'tea-fee'.Eat N Park is (correct me if I'm wrong) SUPPOSED to be a 'restaurant'.  And in my opinion, a restaurant should be know for its...well...FOOD.Now I have learned, especially as decades passed and corners were cut for profits (which they are apparently making, considering the new bistroids, the renovations, and the charity work) NOT to expect much in the way of 'food' from an Eat N Park. They didn't nick-name it 'Eat N Puke' for nothing. However, like most corporate entities in our country today...if you're going to show off and brag about your 'profits', it had BETTER be reflected in your product! You may have given the visuals a stunning make-over. And yeah, it's pretty. However, in the rejuvenation of your brand and your product, it's another epic FAIL.Because in the end (literally) it's the same garbage you've been passing off as 'food' for the last twenty years. The only thing the facelift has inspired is perhaps the change of the apt nick-name...from Eat N Puke...to maybe 'Masticate N Regurgitate'.Serioulsy? It's too expensive to crack actual eggs, mix in some milk and whip them to make scrambled eggs? It's too expensive to throw potatoes in a food processor with some eggs, flour and seasonings to make your own potato pancakes?But we can afford a real stone facade, and $2 Million to charity.Hmmmmmmm.
4	Great Remodel!  Place looks fantastic.Great Service!   Waitress was on her game and seemed to know the name of some of the people at the other tables.Good food.  The Buffalo chicken salad was good and the honey buns are delicious.My associate had eggs and bacon and said "the eggs were perfect and you could  tell they were fresh, not out of a box".   Later our waitress confirmed that and went on to explain how they work with local farmers to make everything as fresh as possible.  The rolls from the bakery were fresh and good.   Enjoyed the coffee, too!For the price it can't be beat.
4	This  Eat n Park  location is pretty good.  What I really like about this place is that it essentially the zone 4 police stations real HQ.  Go to the station house and there might be a disinterested officer behind the desk.  Instead just head over to the eat n' park on Murray.  No doubt you'll find at least four officers, especially in the morning.You'll be able to feel quite safe while you enjoy your smiley waffle.
3	I'd been staying away from EnP for a while as the Pittsburgh dining scene has grown, but they do remain one of the few 24-hour eateries, and the redesign of the facade got me curious.So what's the dining experience like? Solidly OK. It's not great food, but it's not bad. I do think you can get better diner food, cheaper, in a lot of places around town. But at 3AM? Especially if you're not in a state to drive to Denny's down on McKnight? This always has been, and remains, a decent choice.The service is hit-or-miss, but usually fine. It more depends on the clientele that might be there on any given night. The more jags who have come to eat, the longer it'll take for your coffee to be refreshed. I don't envy the waitstaff's plight.The quesadilla is serviceable, as is the turkey club on rye. You can't go wrong with any of the fried stuff, either -- cheesesticks, fries, et al.Honestly? The redesign of this place is purely cosmetic. This is the same Eat n Park you remember from high school, minus the smoking.  A parting note: the men's urinal was shaped like the Triforce. But whether that constitutes an endorsement or a condemnation is really up to you.
4	I have not been to this location is such a long time, and I have to say I am impressed.  Great job on the remodel.Still a typical ENP however. We had superb service from the moment we walked in until the moment we left. The waitress was very attentive to our needs and stopped by frequently to check on us. The one bad thing I did notice was that space in here seems to have gone down. It doesn't feel as roomy as it once did. It's still the same space just rearranged to make it look more inviting.
3	I'm mostly commenting on the redesign of this restaurant. I really like the new design. I'm not sure if the Waterfront EnP is the first one with the new design, but it is somewhat similar to that one. However, they've tried add some local Squirrel HIll color. For example, they have pictures of the neighborhood on all of the walls.. They also have the very trendy garage door front to open up on nice days. The tables and chairs are definitely a step up from what they had previously, and the fireplace is a nice touch (even if I've never seen them use it). The bathrooms have also been spiffed up, which is nice. Overall it feels a little nicer and "lighter" inside.You won't mistake EnP for a trendy restaurant but this redesign is definitely an improvement from the rather drab environment previously.The food? Well, it's Eat n' Park, so there you go. We generally have good service at this one, although we've gotten to know some of the waitstaff which helps.
2	I guess it's typical greasy diner food, and I might've been expecting a little bit more like IHOP? The concept was cute with all the smiles, and the service was great. Our waiter was super friendly and attentive, but the food was just lacking a lot for me. I think this is definitely more of a spot for drunk college kids on the weekends, and I probably wouldn't come back. I think I'd rather pick up Wendy's.
3	It's okay. Doesn't have food that'll blow you out of the water, but it's not bad grub either. It's your standard diner fare, with sandwiches, pies, cakes, milkshakes, salads, and the works. The one nice thing they do have is the Midnight Breakfast Buffet, which might be worth considering if you're really a fan of eating loads of breakfast food. However, it's not really enough to offset giving it any higher of a rating.
4	I've come here so often, I keep forgetting to update my review of the place.  So granted, it's been a few years since the remodeling job, but I love what they've done with the place.Anyway it was another one of those nights where my husband and I were just too tired to cook.  Eat N Park?  You betcha!  It's just simply an old reliable that really fllls the bill when you need it.  And what could be better than a good ol' fashioned BLT or turkey club (in my case the latter) washed down with some Eat N Park coffee?
2	I haven't been to the E'n P in awhile, but I used to come here about once a month with a Meetup group on Sun. evenings for dinner.  I've been here both before and after the remodel, and I agree with other reviewers that, though the place looks snazzier, the food hasn't improved.  Service has always been friendly, if slow.If you're looking for basic diner fare or late night munchies, the E'n P fits the bill well.  Having said that, you can tell that most of the food here is frozen or straight out of a container.  I've never ordered any of the breakfast specials, which seem to be quite popular, but I have ordered sandwiches and entrees, and they've all been pretty salty and flavorless, akin to cafeteria food.  The salad bar is usually a pretty safe bet, and the one thing they seem to get right is the potato soup, which comes with it.  Thinking that diner desserts are usually good even if the food isn't that great, I once tried a slice of strawberry cream pie once at the Waterfront location, but unfortunately, it failed to impress me, being of similar quality to the food.E'n P is a great place to come with kids, older relatives, large groups that include picky eaters, and drunk people.  Other than that, you'd do well to pass it up and explore the plethora of better and more interesting dining options in the neighborhood. 2.5 stars, only because I think the smiley cookies are cute.
2	No No Absolutely Not, NOI've eaten at this location a few times through the years, and while the recent renovations are great, the rest of the experience was dreadful.  The staff didn't seem very attentive, and I constantly had to repeat myself to get condiments, water, even seating.  The food tasted dismal, and the portions were small. My milkshake was tiny for the price, and my smoothie looked like slushie that hadn't been prepared correctly. I won't be returning to this location.
3	Visiting Pittsburgh for the first time and we stopped at EatnPark after a night out. The place looks defect, the food greasy and no flavor. The best thing of this place it's Geoffrey ! (I think that's his name) he take the time to serve you.  If you come to this location ask for Geof, and you will be taking care of!
