4	When you first walk in you can't help but notice how small the place is.  A few tables set up, a large television set to ESPN (I love it!), and a menu that pretty much takes up the entire wall.  Upon first look this place seems to be only a pizza place, but oh no, it is indeed so much more.Their menu selection is HUGE!  Appetizers, Wings, Salads, Gourmet Pizzas, the whole shebang!  I wanted to order the Chili Cheese Dog Pizza, but couldn't convince the rest of my party to go along with it, so we went the safe route with a BBQ Chicken Pizza.  The food took a normal amount of time to cook.  The aesthetics of the place were subtle and unassuming.  I was really surprised to see a tray full of women's personal items in the restroom.  That seems pretty nice to women who may be unprepared.The food was served hot on rinky-dink paper plates, and overall it was really good.  I docked a star purely for the paper plates and lack of proper eating utensils.  I also docked the star for the box of Capri's that were sticking out of the employees apron as she walked throughout the pizza place after, obviously, coming back from a cigarette break.  Put the cigs away after your break, not in your apron pocket.If you're in the area I do recommend checking this place out.  And I strongly recommend the Chili Cheese Dog Pizza.  I may not have gotten it but some guys who came in after us did, and between the way it smelled and the look on their faces while completely indulging themselves I'd say it's a big hit!
2	I tried, I really tried. I wanted to like Two Men and a Pizza. Clever name, close, independently owned.  I called them because I got a flyer on my door and they had a great special, 14 inch cheese pie for $5.00.  When I found the place it was small, clean and the person at the register was nice.  He told me all about their other offering, wings, sandwiches, deserts.  I love supporting small, family owned pizza joints. When I got my pie I was excited to get it home and try it. One thing I do not like about pizza is when the crust is soft and chewy.   I like a crisp crust.  So a few weeks later I thought, "Well maybe I just should have specified" that I like it "Well Done"  so I thought I would try it again.  my order came to $12.50 for a pizza AND 10 wings.  What a deal!  Only this time the crust was even more chewy and soft then before.  Very disappointed.  They are very nice people. Perhaps I will try a sub sandwich from there sometime. But I am done with their pizza.
4	Fabulous pizza and only 6 bucks for a large cheese?!?!?! I love this place.
3	The key thing about pizza from this place is your choice of crust.  The thin crust pizza is actually pretty good.  Not great, but good.  It won't rank up there with Grazie or anything like that, but the sauce is respectable and the crust is nice.  However, as another review wrote, it is a bit chewy.The pizza with "regular" crust is only so-so (meh).  Kids like it, so we pick some up with regularity, but it's nothing special.On the plus side, they do have a 14-inch $5 large (regular crust) pizza.  I don't think I've seen pizza priced that cheaply since college.  The place is family-owned, so we support it when the kids are in the mood for pizza.If you want a cheap pie to couple with some cold beverages, the this place is a good bet.  But if you want great pizza, there are better options out there.
5	Amazing Pizza! Love it!!!
1	Pizza nothing like the brochure, non descript overrated, would not order from here, plust it took an hour and 37 mins, bleech!
5	I love this place!!! They have great pizza and the people are really nice!
3	I was starving after a long day and ordered a Sausage & Pepperoni Pizza for delivery.  The Pizza came really fast, but.......after I paid and the person left, I opened up the box and it was a.....Cheese Pizza, bummer.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/6MEKzqX4uuxBTqavZKdc4g?select=Fr3F1GJhhP_-PHyTz6zBGwhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/6MEKzqX4uuxBTqavZKdc4g?select=AENO1fl5IZ6pB6XOb919HQhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/6MEKzqX4uuxBTqavZKdc4g?select=8TDBDYRiaTrz8XRQXWCF1wSince I was starving and didn't feel like calling and waiting for the right Pizza, I ate it anyway.  The Pizza was pretty good....the Crust was really good and the Cheese was gooey...yum!  Some other lucky person got my Pepperoni & Sausage....Would have given them 4 Stars, but took 1 Star away for the mixup....oh well, maybe next time they'll get it right.  Since the Pizza was good, I'll give them one more chance.Return Factor - 75%
5	We had a fantastic experience. The menu looks awesome and has lots of exciting specialty pizzas we plan to try. This time we stuck with a pepperoni pizza... Garlic crust and boneless wings. The pizza was epic. Perfect dough to sauce to cheese ratio and the crust sealed this as a unique pie. The service was quick, courteous and super nice... All this and the pizza was $6! highly recommended!!
2	Nice gal at the counter, but even she can't make up for the obviously frozen and almost thawed sub bread for the sandwich she made and the still frozen tiramasu I ordered.  I was so hungry, tho, I wolfed it down.  But go there again?  Methinks not.
4	Just ordered 2 large pies from here and everything turned out perfectly. Was my first time ordering here and will definitely be coming back.
2	Just tried this pizza for the first time....although I have lived in the neighborhood 7 yrs...   The picture they have on their brochure depicts a nicely browned and bubbly pizza reflecting lots of cheese that actually looked like cheese...Unfortunately the actual pizza looks absolutely nothing like the picture...I ordered a pepperoni pizza and there was 2 slices that had 2  pieces of pepperoni and the rest  had one little pepperoni on each slice.The pizza is very doughy....the toppings are sparse and the cheese is a paper thin layer that resembles a dominoes or papa john type.....In essence....for $7.40 appox for a 1 topping pizza it will do when you just crave pizza and have little funds ...Remember....you get what you pay for!   I do have to compliment them on the quaint eating area ....just a few tables but very homey feeling.....very nice employees.I am not sure if I will try it again....
1	Its suitable when you are dying for quick cheap pizza. I have lived within a block of them ever since they opened, I have eaten there three times in like 8 years. I try them again about once every two years to see if they have improved. Here is the problem: it just doesn't taste that good. Owner and employees are nice, but the product is average. They need to use better cheese, and tastier sauce. The crust is also average, way too chewy/doughy. It's funny because if they just fixed their pizza they could really have a good thing - it's totally tucked away in this little corner by the fountain, outdoor seating is avail, in this tiny little strip mall with like zero competition for a two mile radius - local neighborhood people like me would totally get behind them, but the pizza is just not that good, sorry.
3	Seem to have gone out of business. Nobody answers the phone, mailbox is full. Oh Well.
2	I used to love going here, but recently every time i call the phone has been disconnected.
