4	I had been meaning to go to Taneko for a long time and finally managed it last week. The servers were surprisingly friendly and attentive without being awkward and overbearing. It's such a fine line, but when walked correctly, it works out really nicely. Anyhow, upon a strong recommendation from our bartender, we ordered the sizzled fish appetizer. It was a sashimi plate but the fish was heavily seasoned and fresh and downright delicious. I went with a steak salad for dinner, which was lovely, but not outstanding. What IS outstanding, however, is the Monday special: Half Price Wine and Sake ALL NIGHT LONG. Apparently this is some sort of summer deal so don't be flustered if you read this in November and it no longer exists. I was teetering on a fifth star for Taneko but didn't give it for the following reasons:1) My last review was a 5 star, and I only have so many of those up my sleeve. 2) It almost felt a little Houston's-ish inside. Not that that's a bad thing, but is it wrong to prefer a little edginess at my Japanese restaurants?3) Some of the items aren't priced right. A spicy tuna roll for ten bucks? Not the kind of edgy I'm talking about.
5	This restaurant looks nice inside and out!  It is located in charming Scottsdale.  The food was simply amazing!  I've had nothing like it!  It's like.. American-styled Japanese food.  I tried...Tuna Tartare - It comes with delicious Nori Chips!Hot Rocks - Sizzle!Taneko CA roll - Real crab meat!Asparagus and Avocada tempura roll - Kind of like a "salad" roll.Edamame - It was just alright.Taneko Salad - It was very fresh with yummy ginger-sesame dressing.Tempura Oysters - Wow this was the highlight of my meal!  I loved this so much.  It was soooo good.. I want some moreAmerican Kobe Burger - So good and melty!  I love the fingerling potatoes also!Overall, I enjoyed the meal very much.  The service was superb and they even packed my left overs in a box with a nice looking bag.  Our meal ended with delicious dark chocolate.  I'd come here again if I lived in the area!
4	We've eaten at Taneko twice now, and while we like it, it's awful expensive for what you get, and I prefer a more authentic Japanese environment.Taneko starts off wanting to be a Japanese-style pub restaurant, but ends up throwing way too much Scottsdale into it creating a rather pretentious yet still yummy restaurant.The food is excellent - I enjoy the pork meal that has the stupidly spicy mustard sauce.  My kid likes the fried rice, though it is a little too much on the ginger side.  There's a gimmicky hot-rock appetizer where you cook pieces of steak on a super hot rock.  It's way too expensive for what little meat you get, but it's an awful lot of fun.The service is excellent as well, though maybe a little too servile for my tastes.  The wait staff go WAY out of their way to make you comfortable and quickly take care of any needs.  I just don't care for all of the introductions - I'm not going to remember the names of the 4 or 5 people bringing me stuff.  Still, I think that's the Scottsdale influence.  Not bad, but not really my thing.Overall, I've enjoyed both of the meals that I ate at Taneko, but with better places to eat real Japanese food like Yasu, Sea Saw, Hiro's and even Sakana, I'm probably not going back real soon.
4	Came here several weeks ago with my family to celebrate both of my brother in laws birthdays. We didn't have one, but two, extremely friendly and helpful waiters for the night. Upon one of said waiter's recommendation, we ordered a bottle of Wandering Poet Rihaku sake, which was absolutely smooth and wonderful.The hits of the night were the hot rock Kobe Beef and Japanese Yellowtail, which are brought out raw and premarinaded, which you plunk on a searing hot rock that is nestled on a sea of salt in a large bowl. You leave the meat on the rock for the length of time on how well cooked you want it to be, Other great choices we got were Kurobuta Pork Sirloin, Wild Alaskan Black Cod, Yucca chips, and the Seared Scallops. We also ordered some of their various sushi rolls, which were decent, but definitely not the specialty of the restaurant. Stick with their asian-fusion selections on the menu and you should be fine.
4	I was a bit skeptical at first upon entering Taneko, a Japanese tavern that is brought to you by the people from PF Changs. This place though is more like a pilot than a franchise, and their menu is more ambitious than what you would find at a chain restaurant.Drinks: Great selection of liquor, sake, wine( that complements the menu), and beers( some difficult to find Japanese ones aside from the usual Asahi and Kirin).Menu: Divided between sushi, tavern food, and Japanese style fare.Good stuff: tempura sweet potatoes, hot rock yellow tail, lamb chopsOverall- fun joint and would frequent often
4	This was a cool spot.  Nice atmosphere.  I had sake sampler....Nice.  I also had slices of Kobe beef cooked on a heated stone...cool presentation of food.  Again...wished they had this restaurant in LA area.  Not bad for corporate food.
4	Yummy.  Ropponngi Fizz - My new favorite drink.  The food was very good, and I actually had to ask the waiter what some of the ingredients were, which makes it more adventurous.  I had the lamb chops which were served with a mango-chutny, make sure to try it on the lamb, yum.  My boyfriend had the fish and chips and that was also very good, the batter was light and fluffy and served with seaweed chips.  We sat on the patio, perfect night outside, the waiter was very nice.We ended with the to-die-for warm chocolate cake with syrup.  I never eat chocolate, so when I do, I want it to be amazing, and this was!
4	I really struggled over whether to give this place 3 or 4 stars.  We went here for happy hour and dinner yesterday and ate at the bar.  They're officially open at 5pm, we got there at 4:30 and said we could go to the bar and hang out/drink until the kitchen opens.5 Stars for the happy hour prices.  Half off beer, wine, and martinis.  My partner ordered a Kirin Draft ($3).  I decided to go down the list of Martinis.  I apologize for not making it through the ENTIRE list, but I did pretty good for the two hours we were there:Hibiya-tini - reminded me of that cucumber water you get at the spa (with alcohol).  It's made with Shochu, which I guess is Japan's lower octane version of Vodka.  Very light and refreshing.Ropponngi Fizz - Slightly sweeter than tha Hiyatini. More of an orange flavor.  Equally as light and refreshing.  Geisha-tini - Japan's version of the Cosmo.  VERY berry.  There were literally berries in the martini glass.  A little sweet for me.Sake-tini - Very good.  More of a grapefruit taste.  It had this interesting, almost smoky flavor.  All of them were very light... you could barely taste the alcohol.  By the Saki-tini it was pretty clear the alcohol was in there -- it's just hidden well.Okay.. so during this we order food.  The sushi was pretty underwhelming.  We were talking about it as we left and decided it was about on par with Ra, and maybe not quite as good -- and I'm not a huge Ra fan.  Our Order:Edamame - nothing terribly special.  My favorite was at D'Vine in Mesa.. did not compare.Tuna Takaki - Maybe a tad overcooked.  Basically ahi tuna and soy sauce.  Taneko CA Roll - Was pretty good.  Again, on par with Ra.  Spicy Tuna Roll - "   "BBQ Eel - Off their main menu.  It was just O.K.  The specialty rolls at Ra were better.Bottom line.  Service and drink prices are 5 stars.  Sushi.. maybe 3 1/2 stars.  Reading some of the reviews we might go back here and try their dinner entrees next time.  It's definitely a GREAT spot to start the night with some drinks.
2	I dont know what everyones talking about. It wasnt terrible but I would never go back a second time. I guess no one else would either thats why its closed now.
