3	So I went here...and ya know...it looks like a typical chain midwestern wanna be legit mexican place...but if you can embrace the kitchiness of the decor and the fact that all these indie restaurants in cenpho really want that honky tonk mix to take away from their pretentious regular 'im a starving-emo-distraught-artist that can afford to drop ten bucks on a bowl of oatmeal' crowd...this place just naturally has it...and the food wasn't quite authentic...but it was pretty good nonetheless...and i was in the mood for white wine (thankfully im not picky) but they skip the classy i'm only filling your glass 1/3 of the way deal...they give you the college pour...and i like it that wayso if you're in the neighborhood and avoiding other chainy options...this is at least middle of the road...
4	i like this restaurant for their lunch prices and atmosphere. the restaurant is decorated nicely, but i love the bar area. the bar area is separate and has alot of tables and booths and 2 walls of plasmas. it is not just a bar. it's a great place to sit and watch sports and have drinks and food. the full menu is offered in the bar area. so, if you want a full meal and/or drinks during any kind of sports game, the bar area is the place to sit. they offer an inexpensive lunch menu. i think it's around $6.50 for a large lunch. there's different options. you can also use the buy one get one free coupons that are in the entertainment book for the lunch specials making it really cheap. if you just want drinks, you can still get chips and salsa for free. i think the food is a good quality and is similar to macayos or garcias. good all around place. they are also building a large smokers patio with outdoor dining. it should be close to completion.
2	Meh, we weren't that impressed with our latest visit to Top Shelf. It's decent enough, but they don't have anything in particular that will keep me coming back for more or craving anything in particular from the place.The side of guac we got was also kinda crappy. Seemed like it was old or had some other prob. Maybe they made it in the morning and it didn't hold that well till the time we ate dinner there.On the positive side, no lard is injected or slathered on their refried beans, so the plethora of dishes that include beans are safe for vegetarian consumption.
3	reasonable prices. family oriented.food just average. they got great karaoke entertainment............which is why i keep coming back.nothing negative i can say about the food but nothing special too about it. just AVERAGE........i wont even dare go to this place if it didnt have karaoke cuz this place is DULL without karaoke. Well,maybe not if you come in big groups as this might offset the boredom.Karaoke nights are on Friday and Saturday only so take heed.Nice place for families as kids are allowed during karaoke and that is another reason why my group goes there with their respective families.My wish is they should start karaoke earlier than 8pm to offset the long rotation for singing. It is family oriented anyway so why not have karaoke start say at 5:30 or at least 6pm?This is honest unadulterated opinion.........
5	Man the staff her is great. I felt like they were family. The chips were refilled, the drinks were topped off, they check in several times. The chips and salsa were great, get the hot salsa. The beef taco had flavor... imagine that. The green Chili burrito was a perfect companion to the taco, rice and beans. I loved it!
4	I enjoyed my lunch here very much.A nice portion for a nice price.Chips were thin and crisp; warm and just the right saltiness.Salsa was pretty good, but mix regular and hot sauce for the best roasty flavor.I really enjoy service from more experienced servers.  They're super friendly and you never see extra facial holes or anything like that.  I love being called "Hon", too. 8^ )Everything was clean and comfortable.Might be my most boring review ever.
4	Are you sure this is a chain?The staff is awesome the food is great. The prices are reasonable. Sounds like a mom n pop type place to me. I still am a fan of the Pollo Fundito... wife tried the shredded beef one and it was good but not as good as the chicken.
5	I have been eating here since I was about two years old. The waiters are friendly and helpful and have all been working there for quite some time. Going into the restaurant is like going into a family's home and having dinner with them. The food is amazing and well priced. Their combo dinners are HUGE and I often can't finish them. They also have some of the best salsa in the world. Locally owned and operated.Try it.
3	Love the food, but the last 2 times I went to this location, the wait staff was incredibly rude. I've started going to the Mesa location instead. This location used to be my absolute favorite, but not anymore. :(
4	Since Yelp cuts off my reviews, be sure to read the full review here:http://bit.ly/h9pmFj[Excerpt Taken From Full Review]The Food:Ahh the food.  Top Shelf has some pretty authentic, delicious Mexican food.  I have ordered a number of things there - from an al a carte burrito, to the taco salad, a chimi, the plain chicken sandwich, to the mini-chimis.  Everything we've ordered has come out to specification and has been quite delicious, but since this is a Mexican food restaurant, I think it's best to start with the chips and salsa.The chips and salsa at Top Shelf are pretty darn good.  Not too chunky, not too runny, their corn chips are fried fresh and are usually served very hot.  They also have a pretty tasty hot salsa available at no charge upon request.  The best salsa I usually have consists of mixing the mild with the hot and coming up with my own concoction, but it's all pretty good - and being free makes it that much sweeter.For this visit, I had the shredded beef (machaca) burrito, al a carte.  This actually sounds like a fairly lonesome order.  A burrito arriving alone on a plate with only a few shreds of lettuce to keep it company...I can see how that might be misleading.But let's get something straight:  This is not some Taco Bell burrito.  This is a real burrito.  This burrito weighs a good 2lbs and is stuffed full of spicy, delicious machaca beef.  It's hot and juicy and each bite is overflowing with flavor.  I usually jokingly refer to it as a "protein tube" because of all the beef in it.  Top Shelf usually offers to prepare the burro in a number of ways including fundido style, with sour cream, deep fried (chimi style), but I usually just get it plain.  I like it that way.My wife ordered the "mini chimi" platter.  The MC platter can be ordered with either beef or chicken, but almost everyone I know, including my wife, usually gets the "half and half" style which combines 4 chicken and 4 beef.  The MCs are delicious, but pretty standard.  They are deep fried, smothered with cheese, tomatoes, and green onions, and served with beans and sour cream for dipping.  Each bite is piping hot and goes well with the sauces, plain, or even with the salsa.  I'd like to mention that Top Shelf does not charge extra for the beans and sour cream to dip in.  That's important to note because another local Mexican food place (Manuel's) actually charged us $1.75 for a side of sour cream to dip our mini chimis in.  This is usually "Ok" but we were never notified that ordering this sour cream came at nearly a $2 cost.
4	Ok so I am officially a gross person. I did eat at top shelf twice within a week and a half. BUT it was totally worth it. This location is so much better than the mesa location. The chicken fajita burrito fundido was delicious! as per usual. I only gave 4 stars because the rest of their food doesn't measure up and it is too expensive for what you get. Still good though (especially with a coupon).
1	crappy food terrible service! the food sucked and the waiter was rude! dont go here unless you like to waste your money and hang out at a loud place! expensive food thats not worth it! ripp off they tried to sit me and my family in a 2 seat chair and we had 4 people! i had to ask 2 times for a booth and they were like trying to push the chairs on me! wth an
3	Decent Mexican but far from Top Shelf.  They are a bit overpriced for what you get as I got one taquito with beans and rice for $8.  Salsa is a bit watery for my taste and not spicy enough.  Rice and beans were good and that is more than a lot of Mexican places can say.  Service was great I got a drink refill before I even asked for it and that means a lot to me.
3	I have to drop this place a star.... sad day. And it's not the food either.... I went here last night with a group of friends for karaoke and drinking. It was some of the worst karaoke I have ever experienced. First of all, it was deafeningly loud. I couldn't hear anyone talking over the ridiculous karaoke and sometimes (most times) that is made worse by the people singing. The main problem, though, was the guy who runs the karaoke was completely pompous and would sit there and sing songs while paying customers in the bar (like my table of 6) hadn't gotten to sing one in the hour we had been there. He obviously had people that he knew and would let them go repeatedly as we sat around and waited. He even started playing the wrong song for someone and when they complained he said 'uhh that's the number you put down' as if the customer was just so stupid for not just knowing all the karaoke CDs he had. Then he played the entire track with no one singing.... while we waited and he stuffed his face with chips.  It's just so lame.... the guy acted like he was the king sh**, but really he was just a jerk and turned off a lot of customers that may come to the bar on a saturday night. We didn't eat... but the food is still really good from my other visits here and they did give us some chips and salsa while we were drinking. The drinks were fine, priced appropriately, but I wouldn't go back here again for drinks. I still would come here for food... yum. Chicken fajita burrito fundido FTW!
3	Food was good. Prices were average. Decor was out-dated. I got the chicken fajitas. It came with two small tortillas.  I asked for more and received another two. When the bill came, I learned I was charged for the "extra" tortillas. Seriously?
4	Hadn't eaten at a Top Shelf for several years. Happened upon this one and I'm glad I did.Starting with the chips and salsa, they were both fresh and tasty. My waiter, Dave, was very helpful and quick. The food (chicken tacos with beans and rice) were also fresh and very good.Maybe not the best ever place for Mexican food, but it certainly is well above average. Good prices for the portions, too.
4	I have been eating here forever!  Since I was a kid!  The food is always good an the salsa is good but not the best I've ever had. The beans are eh.  I would give it 5 stars but last time I went our waitress ignored us and we had to get up and find her when we needed something.  Every other time the service was great. I have noticed the the staff gets a little older each year.
3	Purchased a chicken taco salad to go. It was ready within 10 minutes. It came with chips and salsa! The hostess was very helpful. When she noticed I did not want dressing for the salad she included a second cup of salsa. Portions are large for the price. I gave only three stars because the shell was pre made, the chicken was salty and the salad mix had carrots and red cabbage in it (who does that?). I have eaten at this location before and probably will again. It was not fabulous, just ok.
1	Tiffany never brought my water. I asked seven times.I was only here for karaoke.
3	I went in for karaoke on two different nights, Friday had some interesting characters and was very entertaining. There were fewer people on Saturday, but it was still fun with my group of friends, and we were able to get through the rotation pretty quickly. On Saturday, I had the MLF margarita and shared an order of spinach artichoke dip. Both were good; I would order them again if I went back. Service at Top Shelf is terrible. Our waitress on Saturday told us there wasn't a drink menu, even though I ordered from one on Friday. She seemed genuinely confused by our requests for a pitcher of margaritas for the table, and brought two glasses for the four of us. Then, she had to consult with her manager to figure out what the pitcher options were. We waited about a half an hour for her to come back for my drink order, and walked past us several times. Finally, we literally had to yell at her to get her attention. When it came time for the tab, we planned ahead, knowing it could take 20 minutes for her to come back. Friday's service was slightly better, but not by much. On neither night was the bar area packed with people. I was happy with the value for my money; a 17 oz margarita was $6, I assume that at a bar, a small margarita would cost close to the same.
3	Top Shelf has decent mexican food but they are a bit more expensive and don't offer the same value as say Garcia's.  I have been there at least 3-5 times over the years and I have always left happy but I am about not having to spend too much money if I don't have to especially If I can get the same food and service ( Garcia's ) for a little cheaper.If you live in the area give Top Shelf a try.  They have good food and service.  They are just not my favorite.
4	Lunch here often, good food, friendly staff, no complaints!
1	Zero stars. Do not stop there, do not order. Do not waste your time or money. Filthy dirty carpet  (what is the kitchen like?) The food is disgusting.  Red hot plates....ice cold enchiladas...no flavor. Disgusting place.  There is SO much good Mexican food in this area.....BUT NOT HERE!
3	Was with group of my girlfriends on Sunday afternoon and they had mention going to Top Shelf for Sunday lunch, I had never been and thought ok cool lets go, I love trying new places out!When we walked in there was no hostess to greet us, we were standing around for about 8 minutes, then someone walked out with a to go order for another customer, I thought well ok she was busy with that order, but maybe someone should have let us know that someone was coming to take care of us and not just ignoring us.Got to our table, our waitress was Cindy, oh what a snarky lady she was.  Chips and salsa were brought to the table, being my 1st time their I didn't know you had to ask for the hot stuff, the salsa brought to the table tasted like Pace Picante sauce to me, just flavored tomato sauce, but that's because I like heat baby! So when I found out about the hot stuff, oh yea I was in heaven! It had great flavor and heat.  We placed our order, I ordered the lunch special, the El Pollo Grande, chicken burrito with green sauce, beans, and added rice to it  and came with sour cream.  It was taking a while for the food to come out and we didn't mind, but our chips did get eaten and we asked for a refill and our lovey waitress told us Ladies, don't forget your food is still coming in a condescending tone, we were kinda shocked and didn't know how to respond that, we just said well bring on the chip and more salsa please.The burrito was perfect, it was a great blend of green chili and chicken, Food was good, service was snarky, if in the area might come back and give it another try.
4	Very surprised at the low reviews. Food is very good and the service both times we have been there was exceptional.
1	The service was awful for lunch. They tended to their regulars but not to less frequent diners. My husband and I came for lunch. The food was good but not worth the 1 hour lack of service. The waitress brought our drinks and food to us quickly but not once did she come back to ask us how our food was or to refill our drinks. We sat there for at least 40 mins without seeing a sign of our waitress or our check. I had an enchilada to put in a to go box... by the time I got the box, (from another waitress) my enchilada was cold, hard, and molded to my plate! Anyways, finally another waitress came over after noting we were looking around, asking if we had paid (to be honest we could have walked out without paying but I'm not that type of person). We told her we hadn't received our check & had been waiting for a very long time. After a while she brought our check and it appeared our original waitress had closed our tab and forgot about us! And the original waitress didn't even come out to our table to apologize! After waiting so long I would at least hope for that. We paid, left no tip (I've only left no tip at a restaurant one time before and we eat out a lot), and left never to go back again. My family has eaten at this restaurant for years (I remember coming with my nana when I was 3-4 years old, so that's over 20 years ago) and I will not be continuing the tradition. At least act like you care about your customers and apologize for your crap service that delayed their day by an hour (and offering a discount or free dessert doesn't hurt). I understand getting slow service sometimes happens, but not the blatant disregard for customer service and lack of providing an amends for your mistake or inconvenience. Due to the hit or miss customer service, I don't recommend coming here. There are comparable Mexican restaurants in the area with much better service and courteous employees.
4	Optimally I'd only rate it 3.5 stars, but our server was so friggin nice. We've come here about 5 times now in the last year. Usually when we get there the hostess, who's always different, seems either high or just totally spaced out. Unfortunately that sets the tone for how things are to pan out from then on. I can't tell if they want their servers to wear whatever they please, but there were two of them walking around half naked and the bus boy looked like he just got out of bed.As far as the service itself, Angelita was so nice. It was like being served by mom. Now we did have to wait a bit but no longer than 5 minutes.The food was good, but I also have to put it this way, it's Mexican food. If anyone has high expectations of Mexican then you're probably also writing critiques of Mcdonalds. Tortilla,cheese, meat... Taco, chimichanga, enchilada, burrito, taquito... slap some rice and beans on the side. I don't think I've had ever Mexican and been like, "WOW, HOLY CRAP THIS IS THE BEST MEXICAN FOOD I'VE EVER HAD!!!!" and I don't think I ever will. It's not like it's gourmet.Overall, I'd recommend this. I personally came out here from North Carolina and it really does remind me of a few of the Mexican restaurants I used to haunt.
2	We went to Top Shelf because we had a coupon from our Entertainment book for a buy one, get one free entree.  When we got to the restaurant, we hung out in the waiting area for a few minutes before the hostess came to seat us, but we enjoyed looking at the fish tank while we waited.  Our waitress was nice and kept our drinks filled and the food was pretty good, but maybe a little pricey for the portions.  When the bill came, we gave the waitress our coupon.  She brought back the bill and our kid's meal was the one given to us free.  When we asked, she said she tried to give us the second adult entree as the free meal, but the manager wouldn't let her.  She then had the manager come talk to us, but he wouldn't budge on the matter.  I have never been to a restaurant that considers a kid's meal to be an entree.  It seems this company is more concerned with making a couple bucks than good service that brings back return customers.
4	Finally good Mexican food. Loved the spicy salsa and skinny margaritas. My new go to for good burros
1	This was the first time I've eaten here. The chips were not good, more like what you buy in the grocery store. The salsa was bland, I asked the waitress if they had anything hotter and she said she would bring us some but she never did. I had a shredded beef burrito with a side of guacamole. The beef had no flavor and the guacamole was looking dark, like on it's way to being spoiled so I didn't eat it. I won't be coming back here.
4	Stopped here to get some carry out food for the super bowl. Seated ourselves at the bar. Bartender came over and greeted us within a few minutes.We placed our order and decided to try one of their new prickly pear margaritas. They came with sugar on the rim instead of salt. I questioned the bartender about it since I really had wanted salt. She offered to get a new glass with salt instead. The drink was delicious! Definitely will come back for that.We wondered out on the patio while we waited. Overall atmosphere was nice. In addition to the patio and bar area, there seemed to be two other dining areas. One that had three large tv screens.We ordered a burrito with red and green sauce. Beef tacos with a side of rice, and a tostado dinner from the lite menu. Got our food within a reasonable amount of time, finished our yummy margaritas and headed home for the big kick-off.Everything was packaged well and looked delicious. The burrito was huge with plenty of sauce. The beef tacos were good and came with a generous helping of rice. I liked that they offered a variety of choices under their lite menu options. The tostada I ordered was topped with shredded chicken, lettuce, tomato and black olive. It came with a salad and three large wedges of cataloupe. There was also a bag with tortilla chips and salsa. The chips were good. The salsa was okay. Would have preferred a hotter salsa.Overall, good food and plenty of it! Will go there again.
2	Not authentic at all. The chimichanga I got was soggy and it was not worth the money at all. The only reason I'm giving the second star is because our server was great.
1	Service was cool. Beer was icy. Sadly, the food left much to be desired. Ordered a carne asada burrito. The meat was horrible and chewy. I returned it and simply asked for one beef and one chicken taco. Beef taco was "ok". The chicken tasted like it was boiled, shredded and thrown i.  Zero flavor.   Service was good though. I gave up on the food, had one more cold beer and left.
4	Decent food, we had very good service. I'd definitely come here again.
4	Good food, nice relaxing authentic atmosphere. The staff is friendly.  I like their chimichangas.
1	Hands down the WORST service I've ever had today!! A few friends went in after a baby shower to have lunch and not only did the waitress get over half of the orders wrong, she blamed US for ordering wrong! I'm sorry, but I dine out quite frequently and I know how to order. So after the waitress had argued with us for the third time, we walked out.  WITHOUT having eaten any food. Now get this, 15 min later the police showed up at my door, with my young son and niece watching, and accused us of stealing alcoholic beverages!!! Our waitress should know that my husband nor I ordered ANYTHING alcoholic! They threatened to arrest my husband because he didn't know the names of the friends of friends who were there that didn't pay for said alcohol. This is absurd! And embarrassing when my neighbors are inquiring as to why the police are at my home! Save yourself some grief and skip this place!!!! Valle Luna is just down the street & their food is amazing!!
3	I ONLY put stars on this review because I was with my friend who posted her bad review of this place and she checked 0 stars which made her review be on the back page and putting stars hopefully will allow this review to be read. I feel this review should be seen by anyone wanting to eat here. This is the exact review that won't show up unless you go to the last pages! "Hands down the WORST service I've ever had today!! A few friends went in after a baby shower to have lunch and not only did the waitress get over half of the orders wrong, she blamed US for ordering wrong! I'm sorry, but I dine out quite frequently and I know how to order. So after the waitress had argued with us for the third time, we walked out.  WITHOUT having eaten any food. Now get this, 15 min later the police showed up at my door, with my young son and niece watching, and accused us of stealing alcoholic beverages!!! Our waitress should know that my husband nor I ordered ANYTHING alcoholic! They threatened to arrest my husband because he didn't know the names of the friends of friends who were there that didn't pay for said alcohol. This is absurd! And embarrassing when my neighbors are inquiring as to why the police are at my home! Save yourself some grief and skip this place!!!! Valle Luna is just down the street & their food is amazing!!"
2	If you don't mind the bad attitudes of the staff the beer is cold!Unfortunately this place has not gotten any better in the last few years.  They use to be the place to get good Mexican food, Margarita's and a cold Tecate from hosts that cared about your dining experience.  Not so much now.In general the staff, including the manager(s) have no concept of nor a desire to provide a dining experience conducive to the culture the menu reflects.There is so much potential for this restaurant if the mindset of the staff can be changed or replaced.  Maybe Discovery Channels will do a show on this place and help the owners turn it around.  That's of course if they care.  Good restaurants monitor what the public has to say and responds. N o evidnece of that here.
4	I love the food here.  The salsa is pretty good too.  My family and I go out to eat on Fridays so our daughter can hear the Mexican guy singing with his guitar.  She loves it.  I usually get the queso chimi as it's awesome.
3	I thought Top Shelf was good! As good as Macayo's or Valle Luna.  Had the grilled fish tacos. Fish was good but was served as a typical taco with flour tortilla, tomato, lettuce and cheese. That was kind of a disappointment. Others in the party enjoyed their food and I really liked the rice and beans! Service was great!
1	Went there for lunch and had the hamburger chimichanga.  The first bite tasted a little weird but i ate it anyways :) It was the only thing I had eaten all day.  I came down with food poisening the next morning.  I thought the manager would want to know but instead of offering good customer service she insinuated that it was not their food. No appology and very rude.  Bad food...bad customer service.
3	We have been coming here every week for 20 years and have always had a good experience with food and the staff.  Yesterday my daughter and I went in around one and had Brittany for our server.  We have never seen her before.  What a difference!  She hardly said a word to us, was kind of rude, forgot our cheese crisp, never refilled my water.  I was so disappointed.  I guess we will never sit in the sports area again.
3	I got the Carne Asada taco dinner. Pretty good. Was still kind of hungry though. The house margarita was below average. Service was good. I'd go back to drink, but thought the food was pricey for the amount you get.
1	Walked in at about 7:30, were seated immediately... But walked out at 7:43 after the group behind us who had just been sat down was being waited on, when had not been acknowledged in the least. No drink order, no "I'll be right with you", nothing.  This was after walking into the ladies room, and noticing what I believe was a homeless woman in the small restroom with her clothing spread across the baby changing table, taking care of her hygiene needs.
2	Prices have gone up at way to much for the food and the service is not always good . I had to keep asking for drink refills and chips
