3	Great food at reasonable prices with friendly service!
1	Me and a lady in my office ordered here on a Tuesday and had it delivered. My pizza and fries were great. It did take them over an hour for delivery but that was fine. My complaint is when we called on Friday to order again the guy that answered just said "hello" and was really rude. I told him I wanted a delivery and he asked where and I told him and he said "No to far". I explained we just ordered a couple days ago and he said "No to far", almost mad and yelling. I said the driver gave us 10 menus for next time and he again said "no" and then he hung up on me. Very rude service and we will not be back.
5	Try their Calamari. It's the Bomb.com
1	Horrible customer service! Ordered a pizza with extra cheese NO extra cheese, but had hair baked into the pizza!! We threw the pizza out, they wanted us to return the pizza. Who wants a new pizza after that?! The order taker also cussed me out when I told her the customer service was terrible. We only wanted a partial refund because I mean really who wants to eat there again. Stay away from this place!
3	Its was good,  a little oily for my taste but not too bad the wings and fingers are always bonb
1	0 stars! rude customer service! He insisted deliver was too far, cursed then hanged up! such a barbarian
1	Last night my boyfriend and I decided to try somewhere new, so we chose this place.. We had only received a flyer in the mail and were reeled in because they had gyros. We ordered two along with two philly cheesesteaks for the next day. The gyros were just alright considering it wasn't tzatziki sauce that came with it. The next morning I warmed up my cheesesteak, sat down and had a few bites. While chewing one piece, I noticed there was something hard in my mouth....IT WAS A METAL STAPLE. I will definitely not be eating the rest of this sandwich nor will I order other food here for the fear of more contamination. They should be very glad I didn't swallow it by accident...very big problems then. Needless to say, their manager will be receiving a call today.
1	I ordered a family pizza deal that came with an order of 1/2 pound of chicken wings. When I came home with my order, opened the boxes the pizzas looked alright until I got to the CHICKEN WINGS more like hairy/boney wings! The worst wing experience ever! They had no meat and looked disgusting! Will never go back there again! Not even for FREE!
