5	Stopped by for the grand opening and I couldn't have asked for a better spot in the area to grab a cold pressed juice!It just opened, and although I don't live in the area, it's worth driving out here because the staff actually knows what they're talking about, and actually care about your health and well-being.I had Ava's Juice Box - which had pear and fennel. Holy cow. I'd never even thought of this combo, so 5 stars for ingenuity and making me feel good after.Not sure what that previous review is all about, so disregard someone who has never written a yelp review and starts hating on a spot.I would absolutely come back and you should too!
5	Up until now I was a non-juicer, but this place is making me re-think my ways. Awesome juice, awesome smoothies.
5	I stopped by Juice NV on Friday and was immediately greeted by the friendly staff. The girl working the counter was very nice and knowledgable on the various menu items and ingredients. I ended up ordering a pomegranate smoothie, which was delicious. They have a large menu of unique juices and smoothies, I will definitely be returning to work try more!
5	Stopped in this past weekend to see how the newest Juice spot in town sizes up.  Was so surprised at the diverse menu inclusive of some INCREDIBLE raw cacao treats and almond milkshakes, thank you Juice NV for a healthy alternative to my sweet tooth....oh yeah I came back for more on Sunday...Nailed it!
2	I had been waiting for this place to open, but I'm am pretty disappointed. The prices seem outrageous. $10 for a juice? We went in on the first day, I expected there may be some disorganization due to being brand new, but everything seemed to be in order. There was at least 3 employees behind the counter. The staff was very nice. While we were looking over the menu one of the girls came over to us. She wanted to answer any questions we might of had, but honestly both of us were kind of surprised at the $10 per juice thing. We couldn't really get past it. Another group walked in, and back out again while we were there. After checking the menu out for a bit, we decided to leave and go across the street to our old standby. Prices were far more reasonable at The Protein House, so I think we'll stick with them and Greens & Proteins. The juice price here is higher than Whole Foods prices. That's Crazy!
5	Had my first Juice NV smoothie yesterday.  It was delicious and very satisfying!!!  Pineapple Jungle will not disappoint!!The store design adds to the total experience....I left the stress of the hot day at the door...
5	This past weekend, I stopped by this spot since I saw the Grand Opening sign and some people were raving about it on Yelp.Let me tell you...this place is amazing! I don't usually go out to spots just to buy juice, except for one juice cleanse earlier this year. All that will change.The staff was warm and friendly, and answered all my questions. They gave me a bunch of samples, told me about the benefits of each juice, and then I ultimately settled on the Unicorn's Blood. It was delicious. I can't stress enough how great it was to get my juicing questions answered. It makes the whole ordering process less stressful.Side note, I did a juice cleanse earlier this year. I really wish Juice NV was open back then, but my next one will be great because I can get everything freshly made!Return Factor: IMMEDIATE!
5	I am so happy this place is here. Their smoothies are so good and the ready to go juices make life so easy to get your juice fix I recommend to anyone looking for fresh juices and great eats!
5	Was waiting for this place to open for a long time! I was so pleasantly amazed how big is their variety of juices! The stuff was friendly and knowledgeable and let me sample all of the juices. I tried their tuna sandwich, Im not vegan and was kinda suspicious about trying vegan food, but that sandwich tasted exactly like tuna sandwich and when I heard how good it was for me I got one more to go! Definitely will go back to get more juices and thinking of doing their juice cleanse. Oh and they have guilt free desserts! That's pretty amazing!
3	I'm really torn writing this review.The pro's:-The staff is very friendly and knowledgeable. I have no clue what I'm doing here, so they guided me through the whole experience. They were so patient as I basically was a deer in headlights.-The juice was really good. I wish I could remember what this was supposed to do for my body, but I'm not really all that healthy. When it's this tasty, it makes a girl give her diet a second look.-While I don't juice, I eat organic as much as I can. I take herbal supplements and will find a way to treat any illness with a natural cure if possible. That's the extent of my ode to a healthy life. Other than that, pass me a double cheeseburger. But again when, it's this good, it makes me want to at least juice in the morning.Con's:-It was pre-made in a bottle. I get it. From a time and efficiency standpoint, it makes complete sense, but I would rather watch it being made or else why not pick this up at Whole Foods. I get the shelf life and freshness piece, but do I really need to go to a storefront for only this one item and it's pre-made? Kind of disappointing.-$10 a bottle. I know I get what I pay for. I'm sure it takes time to create plus clean up. I'm sure it's pounds of produce, and they have to pay everyone and all of the overhead.... But $10 a bottle is high for me to grab everyday. Let's say you went most days (5-6 days a week) that would be adding about $3000 to your yearly budget on juice alone. Crazy. Goodbye, Kilimanjaro trip.-There's no real seating area. Take the juice, sandwich, salad and go. I like to eat what I buy right away, so I drank my juice and ate my food off of the hood of my car in the parking lot. It basically makes this place a very health convenience store. An expensive, healthy convenience store. Like a healthy, upscale 7-11 that only sells their own product.So three stars it is because I do like the juice and the staff, but the pre-made juice at $10/bottle with no seating is something I can't quite wrap my head around.
5	I recently moved to Las Vegas from NYC where I have lived my entire life.When I'm asked what the most difficult adjustment for me has been, it always comes back to food.  New York, especially the village, is a great city to find local and readily available healthy food options.  So far my experience in Las Vegas has not been the same as I struggle to find my go to spots other than frequent visits to Whole Foods.So I was pleasantly surprised when I stepped into Juice NV for the first time this weekend and felt like this was one of those places for me.After sampling some of the cold-pressed juices and settling on a few that were to my taste, the chef came out and suggested I try a smoothie. The care and attention he put in to crafting my Pineapple Jungle (I believe it was called) and the quality of the ingredients I could see him carefully measuring throughout the process only built my anticipation further.I sat down on the bench available for customers and took in the modern, yet warm design while enjoying my perfectly crafted drink.   Needless to say, I had found my local Vegas spot!
5	I have been on a healthy eating kick for a bit now and decided to try a few new establishments. I stopped into Juice Nv on Sunday to see what all the hype was about. I was pleasantly greeted by the staff as I entered. After seeing how many juices they had, I decided to ask them which is best. Chef Jermaine was out front and answered every question I had and even got me to step out of my comfort zone.I got 3 juices and the Chi Pudding. I wanted super size the Chi Pudding it was that good. As for the juices Unicorns Blood is like nothing I have ever tasted. For the green juices which usually taste like dirt, I had the dopey one and was surprised how good it was and how different it was to any other green juices I had had prior in the city. They have many different juices so it looks like a long summer of tasting.
5	I just recently moved from LA and have been missing my abundant healthy food and drink options. When I heard about Juice NV, I definitely needed to try. It was a bit of a trek from where I live, but completely worth the trip. When we arrived, my bf and I were greeted by two friendly employees. Customer service is huge for me so I appreciated them taking the time to explain the menu as well as their personal favorites. I decided to get the Green Fingers smoothie and my bf got the Acai Power Hour. While we waited for our drinks, the guy who rang us up let us sample their fresh cold pressed juices. The first one was ridiculously tastey  and I dug the name - Unicorn's Blood. We sampled a total of six and honestly, I'd have no qualms drinking them all the time. When we got our smoothies, I was really pleased with the taste and so was my bf. Highly recommend coming here if you're into living a healthy lifestyle and looking for delectable libations!
5	I have been looking forward to Juice NV opening for sometime now.  I finally got to try it after work last week with my coworker, and it exceeded my expectations.  We were greeted by Oz, who was very knowledgeable on all of the juices.  I haven't juiced that much, so I had a lot of questions. He really took his time with us, and offered his suggestion for me, which was a smoothie called Macas Paradise.  I'm not a die hard juicer so this was  perfect for me, and tasted delicious. I also decided to pick up a Unicorns Blood, and Pineapple Crust.  Hard to believe these are good for you, they taste so good. My girlfriend had the Pineapple Jungle smoothie. She really liked it as well.  I really want to try the green drinks next time. I can't wait to go back to Juice NV! Thank you for making healthy taste so good!
5	Visiting Vegas from NYC, I was curious to try out Juice NV. Supposedly created by one of the original founders of Juice Press (my favorite), I needed to see what it was all about.  Upon arriving at this suburban destination, I was blown away by the juices offered and the quality. Keep in mind, this is Nevada. Juice NV is a game changer and will be a quality staple of Las Vegas culture as it's meant to be. Two thumbs up. Btw, check out Unicorn's Blood. It's all you've dreamed of.
5	I'm not one to eat healthy by any means but had always wanted to try a cold pressed juice so when Juice NV opened I finally made my way down during their grand opening weekend to give my taste buds something new to try.  The space itself is very sleek and sophisticated.  There were 2 staff behind the counter who were extremely friendly and knowledgeable.  They let me sample all their juices and gave a detailed explanation of each juice and its benefits.  They have a wonderful selection of cold pressed juices and even have sweets to go! My favorite was the carrot top with unicorns blood and green w nv being close seconds.  I also had the avocado/pesto sandwich and quinoa salad and took a strawberry flavored smoothie for the road.  Knowing you can indulge in such great tasting food items and be healthy at the same time is a welcome change to my diet.  Juice NV is definitely going to be part of my weekly food stops to go.
5	My FAV new juice spot!!! Amazing fresh cold pressed juices... With unique choices and yummy food options. Jermaine came out from the kitchen to explain all the different options and health benefits of all the juices, which was a nice touch. My fav juice is "Beets by Waits"
5	Beyond ecstatic about finally having a juicery near home! Located on eastern and richmar, next to crepe expectations. Don't be shy about sampling all the juices... They're amazing! plus they offer food and the customer service was on point. The juices range from $9.99 on up and the 3 day cleanse is $165. I love the world of juicing and I hope this place does well cause it saves me from driving 20 min to any other local juiceries.
2	I have been waiting for this place to open, but when I left I was really disappointed. I spent 42.00 on a smoothie, 2 drinks and truffles. The smoothie was delicious. The truffles were absolutely horrible. Then I got two drinks the unicorns blood and a green one and they are absolutely disgusting I and so disappointed because they were way over priced but I chose to try them anyway. The staff was extremely wonderful and helpful while I was there. It is the drinks and dessert I disliked.
5	Great place, finally a healthy juice in Vegas!!!! Definitely will visit again on my next trip to Vegas :)
3	I was very excited to try Juice NV since I juice at home.  I expected the juice to be made once ordered, but apparently they juice the morning of and bottle it. I was shocked they put it in plastic bottles because of the loss of nutrients and potential toxins now in the juice. The second shock was the price. $10.99 +tax?! Wow! That's overpriced. I got the Juice NV, which I really liked, but I can't see paying $11.00 for a juice made hours prior and put into a plastic bottle. The one staff person was very friendly and again, liked the juice. Just can't see spending the dollars they're asking for...too bad as I like to support small, local businesses.
5	I walked in at 5.08 pm not realizing they were closed. I was greeted with a smile and pointed to the fridge where I could pick from a variety of juices.. I then realized I was trespassing haha! To my surprise cashier was very pleasant he recommended his favorite "watermelon, pineapple, ginger and lemon" I really liked the shape of the bottle easy to Toss in my workout bag and not worry bout it clinging around.. The taste was subtle light and fresh.. I've been to several juice bars in California, New York and San Fransisco and juice nv has made it to the too of my list! I recommend this places to anyone who wants a refreshing alternative for breakfast or lunch. Since I've been juicing I've noticed a difference in my skin and hair.. I strongly believe juicing is the new way of life!!
5	Highly recommend this place for amazing juice and food options! The staff is friendly and always willing to give samples to get a sense of taste for their menu. The Jump Start is my favorite juice!
3	Great concepts, especially for Las Vegas.  I was so excited to see a new juice place, but I can't say that what I had was amazing.  The balance was off on the green juice... too much parsley.  I couldn't finish it.  I juice almost daily and tend to keep it quite green without adding apples or too many fruits.  I'm fine with the green flavors, which can be hard to get used to.  But this one wasn't good.  I felt like I was plugging my noise to get it down. I loved that it is organic.  However, the prices were too high.  Juices average $10-11.  Most places with these prices have a system where you can recycle their containers for $1-2 off on the next juice.  I might have missed it, but I didn't see this option there. I understand the idea that there are no amendments to their juices because its their recipe and juices aren't made to order, but it was difficult to get that concept with just their menus.  Several places outside of Vegas do this, but It took a little time to understand their way of business. They were friendly about answering my questions, but its not clearly explained on the menu or in the store.I am not quite sold on this place yet, but I'm curious to come back.  The food menu didn't entice me, but I would like to try their smoothies.
5	I've been waiting for a place like this to enter the Vegas market. They are all over NYC and LA so it's awesome that one has finally arrived!! The juices are $10 each which may seem high but fairly reasonable considering the effort it takes to make one. In NYC I've seen them go for $16 each so this price point didn't bother me. The staff was SUPER friendly. My only issue with the place was they didn't have all the juice flavors on the menu out for sale and they won't make one to order for batch reasons I would assume. I will be coming here frequently, I was impressed.
5	I'm note a default here and stop daily.  It's pricey but I believe my health is worth it.  Note:  they will be coming out with punch cards so you can earn free juices.
5	First visit to Juice NV and it was amazing.  Being our first visit, the girl behind the counter not only informed us all about the juice and process, but gave us a taste of all the juices they have and I have to tell you, the juice they make there are some of the best I have ever had.  They use a cold press to make the juice which captures more nutrients then a regular juicer and almost all were really amazing.  They have juices I have never seen anywhere before and the taste was really good.  Another amazing thing about this place is they not only make the juice fresh to order, but they also make up several small bottles of their juices for sale which you can take home and have about a 3 day supply, REALLY?I have not seen this anywhere else.  They do have a small selection of fresh foods as well, but being new they are working on putting together a to go menu.I highly recommend this place if you are into juices, you will not be disappointed unless you don't go....
4	Las Vegas' first urban farm stand.Went to pick up the car rental and this was next door and my brother wanted to check it out.  The first wall I looked up at, there were unique names to products I was unsure of.  I read "green finger" thinking it was some kind of chicken finger.  It was a smoothie. What popped out the most on the menu board is the price.  I thought it was ridiculously expensive.  But hey, what the hell, try it.  After reading the different ingredients to each smoothie, I went with one I was familiar with.  Almond milk, strawberries, bananas, vanilla, coconut oil, sea salt and ice.  I went with the Almond Delight.  It was definitely a delight.  Tasty.  My brother ordered the Pineapple Jungle which was good but I wasn't sure about one of the ingredients, bee pollen.  Because of the prices, I told myself I wouldn't come back unless it was something I hadn't had in a long time.  Well...it happened sooner than I thought.  Returned the car a couple days later and we just had to stop by and try it again.  So good, convenient, but extremely pricy.What I had, I thought was delish!#YouAreWhatYouDrink #AlmondDelight #HealthyLifeStyle
4	I love this concept! Coupled with their friendly and knowledgeable staff, this is a terrific place with tons of healthy options! Their chia seed pudding is excellent as are all of the juices I have tried (which is most). The only reason I am giving them 4 stars is because I wish they had an incentive program with their juice bottles and/or offered a discount when you bought a certain amount of products. Overall I am a huge fan.
1	If you are craving a fresh squeezed juice this is not the place. Comes in a plastic bottle! They  pre juice it. As you know fresh juice loses its potency the longer it sits around, especially in a plastic bottle. Ok, the place says they open at 7am but I got there at 8 and the doors were locked. From the outside it looks closed with dark windows and no appeal. When you walk in, it's clean but the women behind the counter talks to you like this is the biggest thing to hit Vegas, lol, it's juice in a plastic bottle no matter how you try and explain it to me. I am from LA and been juicing for 20 years. The juices start at 9.99 a bottle and go up. I do not mind paying the money but I better see you extracting right into my cup! 1 star for cleanliness and mediocre juicing. Whole foods, here I come!!
5	Their staff are all so friendly and helpful. They are very eager to help you and answer any questions you might have. I am not a frequent juicer because it is just too much work to juice at home... the preparation and clean up is just too much for me to justify. Which is why I love that juicerys are finally opening up in Vegas.The prices here are reasonable...around 10$ a juice with a ton of options for you to choose from. Unicorn's Blood is delicious! I see a lot of people have an issue with the fact that they bottle their juices, but I actually love that. I am there to grab what I need and go. If I wanted to watch a my juice be made in front of me, I'd do it at home. I'll definitely be back.
5	What a great experience is was coming to this juice store. From the minute walking in the door the girl behind the counter was extremely friendly and out going. I was unsure on what to order so she offered me several different varieties in both juices and the sandwiches. I chose the green Mary drink and the avocado sandwich. Both of which were delicious and extremely filling. In my opinion if you are going to enjoy a sandwich chose the other green drink, not the green Mary.... It's a meal within itself.
5	I make an effort to come here at least once a week for my compulsory juice fix.  I've had many cold pressed juices from numerous companies but this place by far takes the lead. Staff are extremely friendly and helpful. I would suggest going for the 'green mary' juice If you're really looking for that juice uplift. The food is  great there too, especially the tuna sandwich. Can't wait to see more of these stores across Vegas.
5	Very nice store with cool artwork. The employee Jen that worked there was very polite and helpful when I was kind of lost on what to drink. She went out of her way to explain all the different options of juice and food. I ended up getting the avocado sandwich (was amazing) and a green juice that made me full of energy. Will definitely be going back.
5	Overall this place is delicious. The atmosphere too is very warm and welcoming. The avocado sandwich is a must as well by far one of my favorite things to eat. I come here once week and I definitely recommend it to all my health nuts or people looking to start eating right.
5	I've always passed by this place, but never had the time to stop by.  Finally had the chance to try this place out and I love it!  The avocado pesto sandwich is delicious.
5	I like to get cold press juices a lot and the Green Mary has to be one of the healthiest I've had. After drinking one you know you're doing the right thing. The place is exactly what you expect when going to a top quality juice store. Everything is fresh. Store is beautiful and the staff is knowledgable and will even give you a taste if you want to try one of the juices. I recommend this spot even if you're not into the super green drinks  like I am. They even have juices my 5 year old niece loved.
5	I ordered the unicorns blood juice which was very fresh and taste amazing! Jen was working at the register and was very helpful. The atmosphere was very clean and they have great artwork around the store. My favorite part was the chalkboard where they have a new quote written each day!
5	There are not enough places in Las Vegas that offer healthy options and good tasting food. If this place was closer to my house I would probably go 3-4 times a week. If you want to eat healthy but not sacrificing tastiness then you should check this place out.
4	I love new businesses and learning new things!I try to juice at home, but get lazy and this place was great. I'm still new to the trend and the staff was very informative and so nice! I have no prices to compare with this, but juices range from $10-$12 a juice depending on what you get. Plus, I can try new juice combinations without making it in bulk. They have a huge range of juices and smoothies to choose from!You can buy a single juice, smoothies and veggie/vegan food options. You can also buy a days worth of a juice cleanse (I can't remember if they come with 5 or 6 varieties of juice).Can't wait to try more!
5	Love this place.  I love getting a ginger - turmeric - lemon - cayenne shots to combat cold/flu season.  The "Green Mary" has been a life saver for me while I am on a 6 week weight loss challenge.  I have tried a few things on the menu and everything has been delicious.  Great for health minded people.
3	I was excited for this place to open and finally made it in shortly after the grand opening. Was it just an "off day" for their employees? High prices aside, I was more disappointed that the gentleman behind the counter seemed less than enthused to assist. I finally settled on getting a bottle of Unicorn's Blood and left with am overall feeling of "meh." I'd be more inclined to come back if I felt like my business was even slightly valued.
5	Unicorn Blood. That is all i have to say about that.
