5	I'm so glad there is finally a place to go in the East Valley that has the energy and vibe of a downtown Phoenix club. The best part is, it is literally steps away from the Sycamore lightrail stop (last stop on the line).They just started 2-4-1 on Thursdays and considering my summer work hours are Mon-Thu, this is going to be my Thursday night spot.The Happy Hours prices are fantastic. Heck, their normal hour prices are fantastic! Happy Hour is everyday from 3 - 7PM and again Sun - Wed 10PM to Close. Most places have cut their happy hours from 4 - 6PM so how refreshing that I can still make it to a happy hour after work. They offer $2 small plates, which is the perfect size for me (I have a Lap-Band), but also gives customers the chance to taste a variety of the menu. Drinks specials range from $1 off drafts and bottles (reg $3-$4), $1 off wells, $2 off wine (reg $5-$8) and $8 off bottled wine (reg $18-$30). Plus they have all day weekly specials. Everything can be found on their website.Food is great and kitchen is open until 10PM on weekdays. I had the roasted poblano hummus and their green garlic fries. Very addictive! My friends sampled the wrap, chicken avocado club sandwich, and the blackened ahi burger.The bar has almost every vodka and flavor imaginable, thus their extensive and unique martini selection. The staff is personable and by the second time you visit, they will probably remember your name and anything you talked about at your last visit.The interior is modern with touches of leather and steel. The colors are my personal favorite: black, red, and white. There are 3 VIP/loung areas, a dance floor, and DJ booth. The bar is this incredible layered and intricute colors of biege, black and silver granite. The place is just stunning and you feel like you're in Scottsdale or Phoenix.The Grand Opening last weekend was packed and I truly hope every person returns. I am elated that this establishment has chosen my neighborhood and my type of friends to be of service to. Stop in, introduce yourself to the staff, and make this place your regular.
4	Friday Night:  Dj Rebel X really should know how to mix music catered to a gay bar. It's really sad when you gear up to visit a gay bar and you find the music is just like the straight bars. I love hip hop and rap but at a gay bar?  Hell no!  I want my gaga and Madonna; give me cilo and my Glee!  The bar is great!  The layout is cool with modern feel. There's love seats in red leather and sprinkled around were leather white chairs!  The staff were nice to look at but really  weren't friendly as you would find at another gay bar. A simple smile would and some small talk never hurt anyone. The drinks were good and strong just how I like them!  Daily specials throughout the week. I hope they just make it simple. $1 well drinks please!  It's a great place to hang out and dance in the East Valley. The bar is as friendly as you make it. So stop by, drink and try it out. I did and I would come back. Let's hope for better music. Leave the stupid hip hop and rap to the straight bars. Please remember to smile!
4	Thursday is Tsunami Thursdays, an up and coming Thursday night event. This place is nice. I really like it! Excited to see what this place can become!
5	I was shocked to learn that Mesa had a gay bar, and was even more shocked to see HOW nice this place is. SERIOUSLY STYLISH. Great lighting and sound system.  Attractive, professional bartenders, and RIDICULOUSLY low drink prices, even on weekends!!! I'll admit that the crowd is very mainstream gay, which isn't exactly my thing, but the location is quite convenient for me, and is at the end of the light rail, so it's a great spot if you want to get wrecked on half price drinks, and not have to drive!  I'm eager to try their vittles, based on my impressive experience this past Saturday.
4	A few of my friends and I hit this place up a few Saturdays ago. I was a little uneasy because I thought "how could there be an awesome gay bar in Mesa?", but I was proven wrong. We parked right in front and headed in. I asked if there was a cover since there isn't any info on the website, but the nice gents at the front informed that there's never a cover, which is super awesome. So we head in and grab a table close to the bar. It's not the BIGGEST club, but there's a decent dance floor, seating near the bar, a little lounge in the back, and some seats by the dance floor. We got a table and someone came by and let us know if we waited a few minutes we would get drink specials, so we mulled over the menu and he came back a little while later to get all of our drinks. I had the sangria which was delish. I ALSO noticed food coming out from the kitchen that looked super good but I'd already ate so that will have to be an experience for next time. Anyways, the crowd is pretty mixed but everyone seemed cool. The DJ was cool, the bathrooms were nice, and we quite enjoyed our night. I'd say that this is a place more for lounging than dancing, just due to the action the dance floor saw when we were there, but maybe we came on an off night?Considering it's down the street from my place, I'll be back.
5	Hello everyone, This is James aka DJ Rebel X of Paradise Nightclub.. I am writing to comment on Mike C.I am really sorry you feel that way about my music, but i do play Gaga and madonna's music, but i must also play hip-hop and rap. Thats the job of a DJ to play to the crowd. I do what I can, thats why we take requests. If you felt like listening to Gaga or Madonna, come up and request it cause people that request music might not like eitherI take my job very seriously and thank you for your opinion, but to write about the fact about the music I play is kinda messed up.Paradise Nightclub music is high-energy dance, hip hop and dubstep..
3	surprise! another east valley lesbian bar
