4	Commonly, it is believed that Glasgow has the best music scene in Scotland, with worldwide known venues and many festivals. However, in recent years Edinburgh has certainly gained a reputation as city with a great music scene. One, festival which has improved Edinburgh's musical reputation is the Jazz and Blues Festival! The festival, which takes place in August, provides an alternative programme of music compared to the more main stream Edge festival. With over a hundred acts, this festival offers a wide variety of jazz and blues artists. Ranging from new upcoming artists to more established artists like Melba Joyce! Indeed the festival also provides an opportunity to bands that mix musical influences like the Salsa Celtica Big Band - an experience not to be missed! The festival takes place in venues ranging from the HMV Picturehouse, Queen's hall and various small venues. If you want to escape mainstream music, and listen instead to something different, then this festival could be for you!
4	As the Mattmeister has pointed out, Edinburgh hasn't always been a city on the radar for music lovers, but in the past few years things have improved somewhat. In terms of The Jazz and Blues Festival however, the people of the East Coast who still have their hearing intact have ended up with a festival they can perhaps do without.On some levels Jazz seems to serve little purpose other than as a vehicle to allow some of the most talentless and self-absorbed beings imaginable to convince themselves that they're exceptionally clever. At any of the Jazz Festival gigs, just take a look around you to the audience comprised mainly of middle aged men with rollneck sweaters, berets and pointy little beards to see what I mean.Yet still the event saves face purely for the occasional Big Band event, which offer a brilliant throwback to the 1950s dancehall bands that were the soundtrack to your Gran's first pregnancy. There will usually be a silver haired, sharp suited lothario belting out old Rat Pack numbers, and if you're exceptionally lucky they may play an old standard from the 30s called 2 O'Clock Jump. It's a belter.
3	Hypnotic Brass EnsembleFred Wesley and The New JB'sKonrad Wiszniewski & Baptiste Trotignon TrioPeter VetteseJoe TemperleyFat Sam's Band& Acker Bilk with his Paramount Jazz BandI have to hand it to the Jazz and Blues Festival, they've secured some pretty good names this year. My only grumble is that there's no new or progressive artists that stretch the boundaries of jazz or mix it up with other genres. Flying Lotus, Californian artist and great nephew of John and Alice Coltrane no less, would have made a welcome addition to the bill - as would hot-shot, American trumpeter Christian Scott. As it is, the festival plays it safe with old favourites and guaranteed crowd pleasers like Todd Gordon Sings Sinatra.This year's festival runs 30 July - 4 August 2010 at Assembley @ Princes Street Gardens.
