4	The first place I went to out here in Vegas (I'm from California) that did an awesome job on my acrylics and my toes. I had the guy (don't remember his name but he's the only guy in there).. I strongly recommend this nail salon :)
5	Came here with my mom for some pampering for her birthday. Linda did my nails, she is awesome! Place is super clean, a lot of colors to choose from, and reasonably priced. Best of all they have complimentary wine! I feel like I'm in LA again! They also have waxing and eyelash extensions. They supposedly use Nova Lash, so I'll definitely be back to check that out. Overall, great experience!
4	Great pedicure. Spotless salon and the young guys were really nice and very thorough. It's nice to have a pedicure that lasts for more than a few days!!
1	i have been going to secret nails since april 2011 and it is now july, at first i was really impressed with lashes, acrylic, etc but the more i go the worst the service is. the last time i went one of the employees got into an argument with me because god forbid i ask any questions, they never bother remembering anything about me and overcharged me for a maniicure-pedicure. i won't be going back which is unfortunate because if they stayed consistent i would go back and linda(who i think is the owner) is pretty nice.
5	What a great girl time. My daughter and I went in for mani-pedi's. I love how they offer their services on a menu like a sushi restaurant. My feet are so soft. I got the CND shellac French Manicure. Kelly was so nice and answered all of my questions. Great job! P.S. When we left my daughter realized her toe was smudged so we went back and they fixed it with a smile:). I will definitely be back!
4	At Secret Nails, you get consistent results, good prices, and a wide color (including glitter!!) selection.My go-to nail place in the neighborhood. :]x
4	Clean and friendly ( but not overly friendly in a bad way). I'm visiting from out of town and stopped at 2 other places first and walked out because they weren't clean.. Did a great job!!
4	I really feel comfortable and pampered here. I've never enjoyed mani's and pedi's before because no one really explained what I was supposed to do. Linda, who first helped me, was very patient and explained everything. Only lost one star because sometimes they take too many walk-ins.
1	I've been coming to this place for awhile now. It's close to where I live so it's nice. When I first started coming here I thought they did an awesome job. After the last time never again will I give them my business. I came in and there was 3 people working and only 1 other client. It took 30 mins for them to even start working on me. After telling the lady what I wanted over and over again I still don't think she got it. She kept getting up to talk to other employees and start cleaning then come back to me and look at my nails again and then get back up. After awhile she finally sat down and asked what I wanted again then when I told her she seemed to get angry and tell the other lady working there that she doesn't want to do it so somebody else has to. All I wanted was black tips which I didn't think was much to ask for. After all the awkward tension and the 2 hours of mostly sitting there waiting I will definitely not be coming back.
5	I love the 1 shop stop situation they got going on here!!! I can get my mani/pedi, waxing, and lashes all done!! It's clean...which is a huge thing for me! Friendly service which makes me feel comfortable and at home! Thanks guys! Will always come back for more!
5	Love it! Love it!Everyone is so friendly and accommodating, the place is clean and the services are fantastic. I still have to try the fancier pedicures but even the deluxe pedicure was beyond my expectations. They have so many gel colors to choose from. This is will be my new place for my nails and pedicure.
5	I love this place! I had not had my nails done professionally in years and Secret Nails made me an addict!    I get my nails done by Jason but the whole staff is friendly and accommodating. Not only are they polite and talented.. I also love that they're open until 7pm so it makes it much easier for me to pop in after work.    Try their milk and honey pedicure!! It's wonderful and the leg massages are heaven!   I honestly don't think I could go anywhere else to have my nails done.
2	I really liked this place the first time I came here, but this past visit made me terrified to come back. I told my nail technician before we even started that my nails were a bit sensitive, and if she could please go as easy as she could. As she went to take the gel topcoat off, the sander clipped the top of my nail and sanded my finger. She apologized and said that someone had left it on a different setting. Wouldn't you check first before using a machine like that?? As the manicure went on and throughout, she had me pulling my hands away in slight pain. I guess I should have spoken up more, but I really just wanted to get it over with. She finally finishes, and starts doing the hand and arm massage. Then suddenly she grabs my upper arms. WHAT?! Stunned, I paid and got the Hell out of there. Today (one day after my manicure) the gel polish on my thumb has already lifted and peeled off. Some of the other nails are following suit. I've also noticed bruises on my arm from where she grabbed me! I will never return there. Ever.
5	Happened to stumble upon this little gem on my way to trader joes. Was pretty skeptical about trying somewhere new. But have to say Jason is the best! It's clean, friendly staff, and he takes time to make sure they look great.
3	If you call ahead it isn't a real appointment they just put you in line when you arrive. If you get Pedi the soaking can go on while they serve walk-ins. They never turn anyone away at the door. I was unhappy with color as applied but tech would not change. she up sold me to "flowers" I did not want and don't like. Second experience here getting UPsold additional services for significant more $$.
5	I have been coming to Secret Nails for about a year now. The staff is friendly and accommodating to your needs. This was very apparent when I couldn't make it before they closed at 7pm on a Friday to get my mani pedi done before going out of town early the next morning. They waited for me and I had my mani pedi done by 2 of the staff members. I so appreciate the fact they stayed about an hour after closing time to make sure I got the mani pedi that I wanted. I definitely will not be going anywhere else.
5	It was my first time:Very attentive staff. You will not benefit much from making an appointment because there are only a few techs. You may have to sit in a massage chair & soak for a bit but I don't mind the extra time with a massager at all! I would like it if they had prices & services I could read up on but I'm not shy or afraid to ask. I was explained very well any questions I had. I went in at 6 (close at seven) they stayed until almost 8 to make sure everyone was happy. I had an idea of what I wanted going there & I left very satisfied
5	There's almost always never a wait.  Staff is attentive and friendly.  My nails always look nice because of them!
