3	We finally gave up on Woodie's (three separate locations, no less), and on the advice of the people who work on our other car - who unfortunately only work on that particular make - went to Nisstech for the Nissan, which was the car that gave Woodie's fits.The people at Nisstech were nice enough, and they seemed to take pretty decent care of it, there were just two problems.First and foremost is that they are so far out, being in Indian Trail.  That's just a long way.  Of course, if you are out there already, it's not a problem at all.  Just something to think about, especially if you're going at rush hour, as we did.Second is that they either used an old part or caused a newer part to break (the fan in the engine compartment).  There was a terrible racket, and when we started going at any decent speed it would just feel like the whole thing was about to explode.  When we opened it up, it was obvious that the fan was loose.We took it back and they fixed it, but it should have been obvious that there was a problem there.  People make mistakes, but I'm picky, okay?  Mostly because it was a part that they had to order and we had to drop off the car for another day or two and it was just a real pain to get it fixed, and it should never have happened.  I expect more.
5	We have two Nissans in our family and I wouldn't consider taking them to anyone else.  Nisstech has been taking care of these cars for eight years and I've never had a problem. I trust Jeff. He doesn't add a lot of additional work, and if something doesn't need to be fixed he'll tell you that also. The prices are not cheap, but they are reasonable. If you have a Nissan you won't do better than Nisstech.
5	Top quality service that is honest and dependable. Wouldn't go anywhere else with my Nissan.
5	I just recently traded in my Infiniti, switching to a non-Nissan branded vehicle.  One concern that I have now is where to find a place to service it that I would trust as much as I did Nisstech with the Infiniti.  My Infiniti was generally reliable and only had a few problems, so I did not have to visit them often, but for the times that I did have to go to Nisstech, they always promptly repaired the car for a reasonable price.  Also, while just sitting and waiting for your car to be ready, you can overhear the detailed, in-depth advice that they give to other customers.  They know their Nissans, Infinitis, and Datsuns, and it shows. I have always found Nisstech to be reliable, trustworthy, and  reasonable, and have recommended them to my co-workers who own Nissans (even though it is a hike across town from our office).
5	I have been with these AWESOME guys x 28 yes...from their old shop in Indian Trail. I am a 'senior' now and after 3 300ZXs just can't get in/out of these lower cars any longer. Mine finally died and went to Z car Heaven...so I am looking for another vehicle. I feel lost out there now...and don't trust anyone like I did here @ Nisstech. If it wasn't needed they didn't say it did to add $$$ to a bill...ever. They fixed what was wrong, gave a heads-up on anything that might be coming down the road, never made me feel bad for calling to ask a question about anything I observed with my Z-car. 28 years ought to say it all!
