5	This place is dog, and dog owner, heaven.   Seriously.  And they had a hard act to follow.  We had a place in the Seattle area that we thought couldn't be matched.  It's still very near and dear to our hearts, but now, so is Hillside.  Our two dogs are not just pets, but  are beloved members of our family.  So to be extra careful, we had them do a one day trial at three facilities, after reading tons of reviews.  Hillside absolutely blew away the competition.  One of the places, in the Cave Creek area, was like dog prison.  It was absolutely horrible.  I'll review that separately.  The second place was actually good, so honestly, although I cringe to remember this, I almost didn't keep the appointment for Hillside.  Thankfully, I decided to go ahead with the visit, and that was it.  I never even considered taking them anywhere else, from that first visit on. Our dogs start getting so excited every time I get within 1/2 mile of the place.  Even after having been boarded there, and even after visiting the vet next door (worthy of it's own review, just wonderful).  And when I go to pick them up from either daycare or boarding, they are very happy to see me, but then they turn right around to give (and get) a little more love from the wonderful staff.  They love everyone there, but are absolutely head over heels for two of the staff, to the point of it being ridiculous, in a very good way.  It's fantastic to see, and I can't say enough good things about the daycare, the boarding, and all of the staff.  If you give it a try, after meeting the staff, you might think no one could POSSIBLY be this nice, they must be faking.  No.  They really are that nice.  I don't know who did the hiring, but wow, great job. And they all manage to reach that perfect blend of keeping all the dogs under control, but still allowing them to be dogs, to play and to have fun, in a safe and supervised way.  Bottom line - I drive about 22 miles each way, past several other facilities.  I never thought I would be willing to go so far, but it really is worth it.  Thank you Hillside, from the bottom of my heart!
5	Each team member at Hillside Unleashed is top-notch.  You can't find a better group of people to work with and care for your dogs.  Our 4 dogs ended up spending  22 days with them.  As much as we missed them the staff of Unleashed kept us updated.  We knew they had the best possible care and they were having fun each day!  Our minds were at ease and we were able to concentrate on moving to our new home.
5	Love it here!  We got a puppy and were heartbroken to have to leave him while we traveled for a week - the trip was booked long before we got the puppy.  I was REALLY worried about leaving a puppy with other big dogs.  But they have 2 play areas; 1 for big dogs, and 1 for little dogs.  And he LOVED it there!  There was no need for me to worry at all!  The funny thing was, he wasn't even excited to see us when we came to pick him up.  At home if we are gone for 5 minutes he is soooo happy to see us....but after a week at Hillside he was disappointed we were taking him away from his new puppy friends.  5 Stars!
1	I was very disappointed with my experience at Unleashed. The staff was very disoriented and everyone seemed preoccupied with personal business.  I feel like my dog was not given the attention promised and most likely was left in a so called "suite" her entire stay. When picking my girl up on the weekend, she was not with the other dogs and no one could tell me how she did during her stay and they also seemed very uninterested and I felt that just being there I was a bother to them. I feel bad for my pup and will never board her again, it makes me sick to my stomach to think of how she must have felt like I abandoned her or left her at a shelter. I expected a whole lot more for the crazy amount I was made to prepay. I DO NOT recommend this place unless you are rich and don't care about your dog.
5	What a lifesaver for a freelancer like me!  I take my 3 Italian Greyhounds to Hillside Unleashed in north Scottsdale - the first doggie day spa and boarding facility my husband and I have felt comfortable using. I'm then free to be productive in my work, while knowing our dogs are getting great exercise and socialization.  The staff always relays how the dogs did, and periodic written "report cards" provide additional information in a fun context.This is hands down the most carefully appointed, spotlessly clean and beautifully designed facility I've seen.  The staff are extremely attentive - there is always at least one staff member in the separate large and small dog play areas at all times.  When we leave town, we also board our dogs at Hillside Unleashed because we trust that they will be cared for with affection as well as professionalism.  The boarding area, like the rest of the facility, is absolutely spotless.Doggie day spas are all over the place, but many are understaffed - and not properly maintained (i.e., just plain dirty.)  Hillside Unleashed sets the bar for how a doggie day spa should be run.  Highly recommend.
5	I've been taking my dog, Roxy, for doggie daycare one or two days a week while I work.  She is like a different dog!  She loves playing and running out her energy and she is so much happier at home after playing all day.  The staff have always been very nice and professional.  It's a little bit pricey but a great place to go.
5	We were visiting Scottsdale and needed to board our mini Aussie for 2 days.  I searched YELP and found Unleashed. What a great place!  From the moment we walked in we felt secure in leaving our dog!  The staff is amazing!  They are happy to be there and their love of dogs is evident!  Nell loved them too!  She could hardly wait to go back on her second trip for a 1/2 day play day and grooming!  And she came out beautiful from that too!  This is the place!  Your dog can play ALL DAY or rest in a very clean quiet kennel!  There is always someone in with the play group!  Plus the groups are divided into two locations, side by side; one for small dogs and one for large dogs!  It is ideal!  Wonderful kennel!  We will be back because we are in Scottsdale often! Thank you Unleashed staff for a great experience for our Nell!
