4	We stayed at L'Hotel on October 28 and 29th, 2010 and really enjoyed our stay. The hotel is close to the Old Port of Montreal (where there is lots to see and eat and drink) and the hotel itself is a marvel. Our ground floor room was very spacious, quiet, luxurious and comfortable with very high ceilings.  The interior of the hotel is decorated with art by Warhol, Lichtenstein, Chagall, Botero, Rauschenberg, Indiana and many more - an absolute delight for art lovers like us to wander the floors and admire this art.Valet parking is Cdn $22 per day and allows in/out privileges. The room rate is a relative bargain compared to similar luxury hotels in the area. Also, free Wi-Fi!Highly recommended - we will be back on our next Montreal trip - albeit a bit earlier than October - the weather left a bit to be desired :-)
4	DowntownClose to most thingsWalking distance to everythingPOP ART EVERYWHERE (HOW COOL!!)I stayed here in June for the Montreal Formula 1 Races. So it was quite busy around the city and the vibe was buzzing. The hotel was really nice and the room I had which not a suite or anything was great with tall ceilings and a big room and a great bathroom. The bar was lacking but the staff was awesome. They told me where to go around the town and had suggestions for everything. A great experience.
3	Before relocating to Montreal, I stayed at this hotel for a solid month.  It is very conveniently located at the beginning of the Old Port of Montreal, near the Orange line, Square Victoria stop.The hotel being in the Old Port has a certain look about it, historically sophisticated perhaps.  Inside, the hotel is inviting and has a friendly staff.  The rooms are large, the bathrooms are clean and modern.  I do think that some additional modernization is required...when I stayed the tv's were all the old school tube type, could stand an update to flat screens.  Additionally, wireless was not available but a wired connection was included. Also the breakfasts were lacking.To stay in this area, you of course will pay a premium.  If I had to do it again, I'd stay at the Place d'Armes. Another topic to note is that even though Montreal is a metropolitan city, this whole area gets pretty scarce after 6pm and is pretty much shut down after 9pm, with the exception of a few restaurants in the Old Port.  If your looking to go out, you'll need to travel to the Plateau, or walk over to St. Catherine's street.  If on the other hand you are looking for a romantic weekend get away, or staying near the business district during the week, then this place is ideal.
