2	I had the Tikka Masala, and the dish came with small, gourmet portions, and was semi-cold, and not very good!  The dish was expensive, $20, plus wine and bread and small appetizer, I paid $45 for a rather unfufilling meal.  I am definitely not impressed with this place. There are better Indian places in Montreal.
5	Yes, it's expensive.  But you will be hard-pressed to find more flavorful and tender chicken, whether in an India restaurant or anywhere else.  The cook is a master of the tandoori oven.  The tikki masala was texturally excellent, and the flavors of the chicken were not lost in the equally flavorful cream sauce.The garlic naan was fluffy and well-baked.  The rice (pro tip: order rice no matter what you get, just to make sure you have enough) had a wonderful mix of peas and onions.  And all of this was served in a relaxed atmosphere by a friendly wait staff.I walked out knowing how memorable the meal will be when I look back on it.  I doubt I'll remember what the number was on the bill.
4	Pricier than it should be probably but the food was savory, delicious, filling, and hit the spot. The service is excellent, I really felt taken care of. I would go back here any time.
3	I stopped in last week because I had a hankering for Indian and Allo Inde was just a block up from my hotel.  I guess I was a bit late for the lunch crowd because the dining room was empty, except for a couple of people near the window finishing their meals.  The bartender looked up and motioned me toward what was obviously not one of the choicer tables and instead of a nice, sunny view of Rue Stanley, I was treated to a corner on the dark side of the bar with a view of a high chair and a rack of tourist brochures.  Big deal?  Well, I was hungry and I wasn't that picky so I guess I won't hold it against them.As I made myself comfortable, it became clear that the staff were setting up for dinner and I was a bit sad that I didn't get a flickering votive at my table. (So long as it's not burning down my house, I love fire.)  The waiter made it all better, however, when along with the menu, he left the list of $9.99 lunch specials.  I didn't look past the first item, chicken curry, and I placed my order, along with a can of Coca Cola and naan.A few moments later, the waiter brought me a bowl of lentil soup and just as I finished that, out came my naan and chicken curry, a small salad and a vegetable dish with cauliflower that I couldn't quite identify.  It wasn't the best Indian meal I'd ever eaten but for fifteen dollars including the tip, I got a tasty lunch and more food than I could eat.  I would definitely return although next time, I'd ask for a better table.
4	We were looking for food after arriving into Montreal and checking into our hotel. It's the downtown area and we didn't know it very well so after 20 min of research on restomontreal.com, we found this place which was open. Very empty on a Sunday night. The owner himself who's been around for about a decade served us along with 2 other couples present. We enjoyed our chana masala - very flavorful chickpeas. The vegetable palao was ok and all the rice we got mixed with veggies. I didn't realize we should've ordered extra rice since the chickpeas didn't come with any extra. The garlic naan was fluffy and delicious. Our waiter/owner kept our water glasses full. Good food, great service, accepts credit cards. A little expensive for Indian food. One of the few restaurants open in downtown/Ville Marie at night.
3	Very tasty indeed!  Loved their shrimp bhoona.Overpriced, unfortunately.  Now I just go to Thali a few blocks west on St.Marc for half the price.  If Allo Inde decided to make their prices more competitive, I would happily return.  Doubt that will happen though.
1	I've had way better.  This is our second time here.  The first was recommended by friend from the area.  It was OK - we had a pretty big table and tried many things...was OK I repeat.This time we were running out of options on Friday night - not just any Friday night but the Grand Prix weekend.  There were only 4 tables with folks at them; odd as almost all other restaurants were full with min 1/2 hr wait.  We went anyway as my husband likes Indian and we'd been before and it wasn't too bad.  In my opinion this was a mistake.The table we were sat at had no side plates as a sad start.  We were served the poppadom and still the waiter didn't notice that.  I grabbed a couple off the next table.  The menue was large and I settled on something I had not tried before - Lamb Bahoon and my husband had Chicken Pasanda - as per most Indian places the rice is not included so we ordered that and the Naan.  The lamb dish was fair at best.  Most of the meat was tough and didn't taste like lamb.  I picked this one because it said it was tomato based but it had one lone tomato and lots of grease.   My husband's chicken dish was much better.  The price - terrible in my opinion - the rice alone (small dish for one or maybe two) was $3.99 and the Nann was also $3.99.  My dish was $15.99 and totally not worth it in size and taste.  The wine choices - either you pay ~35-40 a bottle or house wine 1/2 litre which we chose at $18 - it was awful.  Really bad.   Total bill was $70+ with tip - if you had seen what we got you'd be shocked.Service was OK at the beginning then faded to bad.  He didn't ask us if we liked our meal.  We then were done and waited 10 min at least to get his attn to get our bill.  There were a couple more of the servers around but they were not our gent and you could tell they were not going to step in.  I'd have tracked down our guy but he was 'busy' at the terminal.I have to say I'd never go back - the price does not match the food at all.  The service is OK at best.  Blah
2	Atmosphere, Service, Food - the run down.Atmosphere:  Allo Inde has operated on Stanley St. for well over two decades.  The furniture, unfortunately, is probably the original stock brought in at opening!  Although the tattered state of the decor is not the ultimate let-down, the place is dimly lit and somewhat airless.  The dinning experience is acceptable if the place is not overly busy; it usually isn'tService: Service at Allo Inde is passable.  Waiters are not very attentive, and if you require some advice on what to order, you'll often simply get a blazing recitation of the menu - thereby leaving you more confused then ever.  Waiters seem to expect patrons to know what to order.Food: The food at Allo Inde seems to aim for mediocracy and in fact seems to be made to conform to the tourists' ideals of Indian / Pakistani food rather than actually being Indian / Pakistani food.  Adding insult to injury, prices are not compatible with the food's quality and restaurants service.The place could be so much more.
4	Hmm I came there on Easter Monday on 3 pm ish and the place was dead with us being the only customers. My waitress was actually really polite and I had my first proper "bengali" service. Overall Kudos for a great service experience as compared to other desi restos. They have a full bar as well. The food was the best part in this restaurant. Apparently the chef there was Indian. In any case I was absolutely amazed. I had ordered Chicken Tikka Masala, with Lamb Korma and Begun Bhaji (Eggplant curry?) and each of the dishes were better then the other. I was impressed especially more with the Lamb Korma as it really was one of the best I ever had. The meat even though wasnt really tender but the gravy was done superb. Portion sizes were moderate, and I agree with other reviews as well that they really are overpriced.They also give free delivery.Last tidbit on the atmosphere....this is where I think the place has a lot of room for improvement. First major drawback is that the place is in the basement, therefore making the environment extremely humid. I am very sensitive to these environments, so coughing and having a blocked nose along the way certainly was not helpful. There was not really a good ventilation system from what I could see and on top of that heating the place was not at all a good idea. The place itself is not really that big, and I found it to be a bit cluttered and overcrowded. Either way I was happy with a good friendly service, and food especially considering the place was dead.
1	Oh, please. No. Just, no. No.
2	We came here tonight with a groupon deal, with my parent's in law... The food was good but the waiter was not friendly at all. Nobody except us were in the restaurant and the waiter didn't take time for us or make any smile. It seems that we were disturbing his peaceful evening. We suggest him to take another waiter/ess more friendly than him. The restaurant smell the toilet cleaning product too...eurkHowever the food was good so... we would like the ambiance to be as good...
