3	It's alright. The coffee is alright. The baked goods are alright. The service is alright. The ambiance is alright. I may go back... but I don't think I would make the effort to. If you're in the area and jonesing for a coffee, might as well stop in as well stop in - you'll be alright.
5	Terrific place!I love their coffee & food. Staff is incredible friendly & professional. Very convenient location, lots of parking and big terrace during summertime. If you become a regular, you earn your own mug which is tagged and placed on its own spot. Nice ambiance too! Definitely my favorite coffee shop in Montreal.
5	Nice and cozy place to have your coffee, brunch or lunch.... Be careful it is so addictive!!
4	Love coming here after I've taken my dogs to the dog park  across the street because they always have a "doggy bar" outside (e.i a big bowl of water) which I find really nice.The coffees are uber nice and so are the aguas frescas. The food portions like the quesadilla are tiny and thereby a bit overpriced even though they're done nicely. Will keep returning!
4	Been here many times over past 3 years as it's close to work. The soups are really good, and the lovely cook/proprietor even sells them in containers for take home. The sandwiches for the most part,are processed meat or cold cuts,neither of which I eat, so I never order them. That being said, however; I always resort to ordering their brie/granny smith apple/toasted almond on a crusty baguette,drizzled with honey... mmmmm. The desserts are standard baked goodies....mainly filling cakes and biscotti. Service is ALWAYS courteous,but can be slow during busy workday lunch hours,and this is all the time. Tea and coffee on the so/so side.Good bet if you're in the neighbourhood.
2	Terrible, terrible service the last time I was there. The food was excellent as usual, but on that particular day, the staff was unfriendly to the point of making me feel uncomfortable being there; before this, this little spot was a place where I went to linger over a coffee, and one of THE places that I made a point to go to when I'm in the neighbourhood.  Unfortunately, that is no longer the case, and while it's unlikely that I will never go there again, I don't think my next visit will be any time soon.
4	Great spot. Good ambience and accommodating staff. Im not a coffee shop kinda guy, and you'll almost never see me order food in one, cafe 92 being the exception. Everything I've tried has been tasty. I recommend the iced cappuccino. The best I've ever had, puts all the others to shame.I am, as previously stated, not a coffee shop enthusiast by any means so my opinion may not be as educated as some, but to me this a four star coffee shop for someone with a two star wallet and a one star appetite (due to the somewhat small portions). Im not a fan of big meals to go with my coffee anyways, I run primarily on caffeine. The meals are still delicious even if some people might expect a little more.
4	A friend of mine had been raving about Cafe 92's iced cappuccino, I thought to myself, how great could it be? Amazingly delicious and worth raving about!I'll keep this short and sweet....I ordered my iced cap and my first sip was heavenly, yes, heavenly: It was thick and rich thanks to the iced cream in it and it is the perfect consistency. Word of advice, you might want to order it decaf because I was truly wired after drinking it! Definitely strong!A casual, cozy neighborhood spot that I will be coming to again  when I am craving an iced cap.
