4	We stopped by for some gas and ended up eating there as the store front was very clean and the people were great.
5	I heard from a buddy that place has amazing fried chicken. So I came in, ordered a three-piece meal, with a side of mac n' cheese and potato wedges. I must say, these guys have fried chicken covered. It was delicious!My friend ordered a pizza, which was a tasty and valuable choice only because all toppings are complimentary. However, the juicy fried breast, thigh, and leg that I managed to eat all in one sitting were nothing short of amazing, particularly with their homemade gravy! Their sweet tea is very sweet, which I think works only in the South, haha.The workers here are very friendly and polite. The owner of this restaurant is a sweet man, and is extremely approachable. The service is top notch!I will definitely come back again.
1	Chicken tasted like it had set out overnight - stale, no flavor, barely warm. Also, no biscuits at 9:30 am and was rudely told that biscuits were only for lunch - despite "breakfast biscuits" being clearly advertised on the menu.
2	I went in on a whim because the line for Subway was so long and the prices looked so good. I ordered a hamburger with potato wedges and a drink. Everything was less than $5 with tax, fantastic!That said, when I got my food, I was less than impressed. The potato wedges were okay, not really my style, I prefer fries, and if there are wedges, I prefer smaller ones - these were giant - but they were pretty decent for what they were.The burger though, was GROSS. The patty was clearly a frozen patty that was cooked at some point - I'm 99% sure it wasn't right before I ate it though because it tasted and had the consistency of something sitting under a heat warmer forever.The staff was polite, but I will probably not be back to give it a second chance - even at these prices. I'd rather pay a little more and get real food.
2	I tried them when they first opened and it wasn't good.  Everything is frozen and reheated/microwaved.  That includes the mac and cheese.  It's Stouffer's - straight outta the box from Costco.
