4	I did a Groupon for 2 months at Pulse Fitness. I went there today for my first workout. What a nice gym! Everything is very clean and there is a good variety of equipment. They describe themselves as a "boutique gym" - I like it! It's nice to have a smaller place that's not crowded. The cardio equipment has personal TVs, which always keeps me going longer. It's 24 hours, so I can go when it's convenient for my schedule. Overall, great little gym!
5	I had a couple of training sessions with one of Pulse's trainers, Sarah.... What a great workout! They were 30 min sessions, so I didn't think I'd get my full workout in, but she managed to work every inch of muscle in my body in the short time. Sarah is great with incorporating a variety of techniques and consistently kept my form in check. She is very knowledgeable and good at what she does. She offers both private and small group sessions (to help with cost). I'd highly recommend Sarah if you're looking for a personal trainer!
3	The facility is nice and has got everything you need for a quality workout. I thought the staff was not very friendly at first but the owner made a huge leap forward to address my concerns after writing my first review. I find that to be very admirable. I am still looking for consistency in that change and hopefully the walk will talk. So thank you!My favourite features of this facility are the 24 hour access with magnetic entry, the cleanliness and video screens at the cardio machines and the simplicity of it all. Kinda nice to have the place all to yourself sometimes too.One improvement I would like the owners to look into is that when the central music is on - how can one listen to the the TV on the cardio machines without the background music being on. Is there a way to turn it down ?
4	This is where I work out and am a Member! I have been a member for about a year now and I love it. The complex it is in is nice and peaceful and traffic in this area is never very bad. I love driving up there at night because for a second you get out of the city. The gym can get busy depending on what time of day you go, but everything in the gym is brand new and beautiful. Because it is open 24 hrs a day I go at obscure times when I want to unwind and not have everyone seeing how bad at pull ups I really am! Really, I always do those when the gym is not busy as to not embarrass myself! This gym has been affordable and  I love it!
5	Unlike most cookie-cutter gyms across the Valley that promise stellar training, miracle meal plans, cheap supplements, and instant top-notch results, the team at Pulse Fitness actually delivers on their promise to positively change your life.  At Pulse there are no high pressure, annoying up-sell techniques or less than qualified trainers. The Pulse team equips clients with much more than a gym, providing knowledge, unique and creative workouts, and life skills that enable clients to make a true lifestyle change.  Pulse Fitness offers honest, highly qualified and caring individuals who encourage you to invest in yourself versus investing in their gym and facility. After my 12-week journey on the "DC Ranch Pulse Fitness Biggest Loser Challenge," I can say that not only have I invested in my health, but the Pulse trainers are invested in me and are committed to my continued success.  Pulse Fitness is a tiny gem among all the overpriced, overcrowded chain gyms of North Scottsdale. The Pulse team has changed my life and because of them, I am never going back to the unhealthy life where I stared. -Krista Hinz
5	Love the concept at Pulse. I've had a few personal trainers in the past, and this has been a totally different experience. This is a very comprehensive and personalized approach to training. It's not the typical repetitive weight lifting over and over again. It feels like a mix of crossfit and biggest loser workouts. The owner and trainers are great, very knowledgeable and encouraging. They were able to spot some trouble areas for me and focus on stretching them out and strengthening them. They also offer group boot camp classes, that I'm looking forward to trying once I'm feeling a little more in shape! Being close to AJ's also makes it easy to grab a healthy meal after your workout. You can also pop in next door to get your nails done or get a quick spray tan. If you're looking for a great environment to really get in shape, this is the way to go. It's not a "be seen" type of gym, people are serious about getting in shape here. Highly recommended!
5	I've been training at Pulse Fitness since its grand opening back in 2009! In these three years I've gone through a lot of life changes, and the gym has seen me through each one! First, the trainers got me on a regular schedule and I got into great shape before my wedding & honeymoon.  Then, 6 months later, I got pregnant.  Ironically, this was the time that I needed the gym the most!  The trainers altered my workouts to be "baby friendly" but continued to train me on my same regular schedule.  In fact, just 3 days before my scheduled c-section, I was in the gym!!  All the workouts were a major stress reliever and it helped with all the discomfort!  The best part of continuing to workout during pregnancy was the speedy recovery it provided me!  At 5 weeks post c-section, I was back in the gym doing light training, and then they gradually built the workouts back up.  The muscle memory and continual exercise throughout my pregnancy definitely helped get me back to my pre-baby body faster than I would have thought possible! Aside from the body benefits, the gym is also now my social/sanity outlet!  The clientele & staff at Pulse are all so friendly that I look forward to my training sessions because it takes me out of my daily "mom" role and I get to have some "me" time! If you are pregnant, or looking to get your pre-baby body back, I highly recommend giving Pulse Fitness a try!
5	I joined Pulse Fitness 5 months ago after seeing a picture of myself from my bridal Shower and realized that I needed to lose weight and get in shape. Since then I have lost a lot of weight, gained muscle and just have such a better understanding of nutrition and my metabolism. The team at Pulse is VERY knowledgeable and are always guiding me on what I can do to achieve what ever goal I have with my body and nutrition. In addition the place is super clean and the people that work out there are very nice. The place has such a positive and motivating energy that I enjoy going there. I highly recommend this gym.
5	I've always been somewhat in shape (or so I thought) and didn't have the worst nutrition habits. I've dabbled with different fitness routines from circuit training-type workouts, to wandering around various gyms, to just running (ugh) and I've never been able to push past the plateau; to really challenge myself; to be held accountable for MY results. That is until I found Pulse Fitness. This place and these trainers are no joke! They are educated and willing to share all of their knowledge with you to help you reach your fitness goals. I haven't been going to Pulse for very long, but I will never join a regular gym again. Tim, Chris, and David actually care about their clients. They follow-up on your progress, they push you further than you think you can go, they give you just the right combination of encouragement and smack talking to keep you motivated. I love, love, love this place and am so happy I found it. If you want to go to the gym to be seen and read a book on an elliptical machine while not really breaking a sweat, Pulse is not for you. If you want life changing, sweaty, physique altering, a** kicking workouts with awesome trainers, go to Pulse and join their program. Today.
5	The guy who runs the place is really nice. He'll help you out. The environment is good and there's a lot of equipment.
2	Loved the trainers but unfortunately I had to move and they made me pay 25% of my remaining contract to get out of it.  If I were just being lazy and not going that would be one thing but I'm moving out of state and feel penalized.  Nothing personal against the gym but this contract thing is ridiculous!!!
5	Some say the definition of insanity is doing the same thing over and over and expecting different results. This was definitely the case for my fitness routine. I would occasionally go to the gym and quietly make my way over to the elliptical machine for the an hour and then go home feeling like I kinda half as accomplished something. There was no support or motivation from the gym and that just wasn't working for me. After researching some gyms in the area I came across Pulse Fitness. I emailed the owner inquiring about a membership and he sent me a form to fill out with goals that I wanted to accomplish and set up an evaluation that weekend. I was terribly embarrassed when I got to my evaluation and realized I could barely muster up one push-up. Was that a joke?I have now been going here for 6 months and what a change! I have trained with Tim, Chris, David and Jenna but Jenna is my regular trainer. She is amazing. If I don't show up on a morning I am supposed to be there working out on my own, she will send me a text and ask me where I am or if I am coming in later instead. For me, the guilt of not going in really works. Aside from working out she also helps me keep my nutrition in check by setting small goals for me on a weekly basis. Tim also gave me a meal plan that I recently started and it is amazing. I lost 3 lbs. in the first week alone.I would recommend this gym to anyone who asks. The boot camps are really fun and intense, the gym is clean,  they're open 24 hours (no really, not like the 24 Hour down the street that closes at 9 some nights) and you can even get a key fob to let yourself in if the trainers aren't there. But don't be worried about being in the gym by yourself because they have cameras and panic buttons located around the gym. Everyone is super supportive, knowledgable and they really know how to motivate you. Even the people who go here know how to motivate each other.
5	I've been coming to Pulse for a few months now. I waited to review it until I was sure my initial impressions were accurate. I've joined various gyms through the years and tried out different "boot camp" deals I've come across.  This is the first place to which I feel I "belong".  I'm not only impressed with the professionalism of the staff but, I just like the other members too.  It's not a "meathead" gym nor is it one of those mega places where you're pretty much on your own and invisible. The staff knows their stuff and seem to genuinely care about your fitness and well being.   They are valuable resources of exercise, physical therapy and nutrition advice.Other places I've tried left me with the impression that the bootcamp trainers were making it up as they went or just winging it.  I often felt that things were kind of sloppy and rather than thinking "that was a good workout" I felt injured or strained.  Here at Pulse, I've definitely worked myself but never felt like things were out of control or overdone.  I love that according to Yelp, I've checked in here 48 times and I don't think we've ever repeated a single workout.   (and, I wasn't in really BAD shape but have lost 12 lb of fat and gained 8 lb of muscle)
5	Pulse Fitness is the best decision I have ever made in my journey of trying to get into shape. I have tried out several gyms prior to signing up at Pulse and none of them even compare! The trainers are all very knowledgeable, and friendly. Usually I feel out of place in a gym setting, but at Pulse I have not felt anything but open arms from not only the trainers, but also the other clients. I would highly recommend the gym to anyone! They personalize the workouts to meet your fitness goals, and I can tell you that after six weeks I can already see a difference!
5	Four months ago I was in search of a personal trainer/gym that would obviously be effective but most importantly, not be intimidating because I knew I wouldn't stick with it if I had to face a bunch of drill instructors tearing me down on a daily basis.  Pulse Fitness offers the most modern methods available to get you in the best shape of your life - here, you work SMARTER, not harder.  Oh, but you work.  This is a boutique-type gym that offers semi-private training classes w/ trainers that are on the cutting edge of the industry.  If you prefer to workout independently, they also provide for that with the best equipment & procedures you can employ.  The trainers have been through substantial formal fitness education & impart the latest & most proven techniques to their clients in order to achieve the most optimal results.  Each trainer works w/ two or three clients at a time but insures that the utmost attention is given to each according to the client's abilities & desired goals.  They're always encouraging you to push yourself harder & to get better with each session.  In the past, I've gone to gyms & used their run-of-the-mill machines (LifeCycle equipment, etc. . . yawn) with little or no results & eventually, I gave up.  Pulse Fitness offers an environment that breeds accomplishment & the trainers sincerely care about your results.  They'll give you the tools to meet & exceed your objectives & keep you focused on your target.  Like I previously mentioned, the gym also provides a great atmosphere for working out independently & will always be there to offer assistance in enhancing your routine.  At first, I was a little apprehensive because everyone looked so fit & there was a lot of equipment I didn't recognize but after three weeks or so, I began to have fun & feel the results.  Now, I'm down 30 lbs. & it's all because the trainers stick with you & get involved in your efforts to get healthier.  By no means is this method a walk in the park, but the Pulse Fitness philosophy has made it easier for me to reach my weight-loss goals & maintain a good attitude along the way.  They want you to succeed & I would highly recommend this facility to anyone who wants an effective way to improve your health, no matter what your fitness level.  Don't put this off - if you follow their method, you won't believe how fast you'll see results.
5	Been working out with Tim and crew for 3 months now and I'm  seeing HUGE results, increased energy, weight loss (and at over 300 lbs ) that needed to happen....incredibly knowledgeable and respectful of each persons limitations ( being almost 50 and not having worked out since high school ). Really looking forward to the new location  and the new smoothie bar.
