4	Woohoo!  Haven't done a "first to review" in a while on here.  Nied's is a Lawrenceville institution - in business since 1941.  They're known for their fish sandwiches, which are okay as far as taste goes and humongous, and I mean really humongous.  The only have IC beers, too.Ambiance is very dive, but the staff is very friendly and service is great.  (I haven't seen much of the supposed "nice" out of locals since I moved here a couple of years ago, but Nied's embodies it.)Keep in mind: this is four stars for a place that is very much a dive.  It's well above average for what it is and what they're trying to be, but it's not what you'd be looking for a little further down Butler.
1	The prices here are cheap, but you don't even get what you pay for.  Everything tastes like it was frozen, freezer burned, then fried, and I felt a bit of apprehension bringing certain items to my mouth.  The famous fish sandwiches are large, but not worth ordering more than once.Note: this is a rating of the food alone.  I didn't drink here, nor did I attend any musical events.
4	This place has the best fish sandwich I have ever had.  Better than Wholey's, better than Roland's.  Only sandwich better is a pickled herring on rye at a schnell-imbiss in Germany.Walked in, and was immediatley amazed at how clean it is, and how old it is.  It is in Lawrenceville.  This is basically a hip little area of old Pittsburgh, where the young and happy have discovered they can live relatively cheaply, and have a neighborhood that allows them to bar hop, eat good food, commmute a couple miles into downtown Pitt and have a great standard of living.It was Friday.  I wanted Indian food, but the wife's birthday is this weekend, and she had been saying for the past few weeks she wanted a good fish dinner or sandwich.  And I mean, this is not like a blue fin tuna with arugala on a brioche.  I mean it is like your basic standard Lent fish sandwich that you would find in your basic standard catholic neighborhood.  Nied's Hotels is the place!It is a mixture of old style bar and fry restaurant, mixed with late night bar and bands.  You can come in at 7 a.m. and get a beer and a breakfast.  You can come in at 10 p.m. and get a beer and listen to a band and eat a clamwich.We struck up a converstaion with the cook/servers.  I knew we were in a place that was worth it, when the one lady said "Oh yeah, when we used to open on Sunday in 1975...".  WOW!  One of those places where the employees have been there longer than Guy Fieri or Rachel Ray has been making the big bucks by telling folks how to make a hamburger.  Anyways...  We both got the fish sandwich, with cheese.  $7.45.  And, yes, the fish was as big as the plate.  Twice as big as the bun.  And it was taken out of the fryer, drained, put on the bun, the cheese put on it (they melt the cheese on the flat top before they put it on the fish) and put it in front of you with a great big smile.It was absolutely perfectly cooked.  The fish filets were covered in bread crumbs right before they fried them, then they served it righ to you.  There is absolutely NO WAY that you could get one fresher or better.  Well, you could.  But really, this was great.  If you dont like this place, you are just too trajically hip for your own good.I like a blackened red fish on brioche as much as the next person.  But to me, to what I would think is your average person.  This is what you think about when you get a fish sandwich.  And, the way they make it at Nied's, is exactly correct.  Nied's fish sandwich is the best in Pittsburgh.  And I am guessing it is consistant.  The way everyone came and went, and the way the staff all interacted.  This place is great.  Just 20 blocks up from Round Corner cantina.  Just to make it clear.  Nied's fish sandwich is the best sandwich in Pittsburgh.  Best fish sandwich I have ever had.  Best Best Best.  Period!!!
4	I LOVE a good fish sandwich. With the emphasis on GOOD. Now I've heard all of the raves and seen all of the signs bragging about such-n-such an establishment's FAMOUS fish sandwich. Armand's FAMOUS fish sandwich. Wholey's FAMOUS fish sandwich. Roland's FAMOUS fish sandwich. And for years, I've driven past the dingy looking hole-in-the-wall with the neon sign out front 'Nied's Hotel' (which kind of looked like the dive bar my father worked at and found his second woman to knock up), with the 'Famous Fish Sandwich' sign...yadda yadda yadda.Then, this particularly boring Tuesday evening, with foiled plans for something else, a neighbor and I decided to grab a bite. 'Let's try a fish sandwich at Nied's' I said. And off we went. My hopes weren't real high, having experienced far too many disappointments in da burgh, mostly due to a big ol' dead fish on a hamburger bun. SERIOUSLY people, you're not fooling anyone. Just because you plop a big ol' fish on a tiny bun, it doesn't make the fish look bigger. It just makes the sandwich tedious to eat. Six bites of 'sandwich', and a plate of leftover fish that will NEVER fit on a hamburger bun.So we entered the darkened cave of Nied's Hotel, which really was kind of an ancient but charming 'dive bar' with a restaurant on the side. We scoped the menus briefly - burgers, doggies, chicken, seafood, sides, and - the famous fish sandwich (with or without cheese). We knew what we came for, and we ordered. It took almost no time to arrive, and our waitress was a good ol' kind of hometown gal, very friendly and accommodating, and happy to see 'new faces' coming in to give it a try.Well...I have to say, after five years of just driving by and wondering...it was more than worth the visit.  The fish was large, flavorful (not fishy tasting like something that had washed ashore in the noon day sun), the breading was nicely firm and crisp, not too heavy and not too light, and the flavor of overused oil did NOT come into the flavor. The cheese was a couple of sliced of basic American cheese, and I asked for lettuce and tomato, which fit nicely on...THE BUN.Ok, now I'm not going to rave (or rant) about the bun except to say that of ALL of the joints in town serving a fish sandwich, Nied's came closest to having a bun to kind of fit FISH appropriately. It wasn't a freakin' hamburger bun! It was a longer roll (still not long enough to fit a fish), and made a little more sense as a bun for a fish sandwich than most brainiacs in da burgh seem capable of conjuring up.Hmmmmm. Up until now, my fave fish sandwich in town, somewhat appropriately, was at the Lesbian bar in Lawrenceville. But now, I have to say, Nied's has won me over.Armand's can keep the feisty old lady and the greasy fish on a hamburger bun. Wholey's can keep their claficken (and if you didn't know, since everything seems fried in the same vat, that meat you're eating, whether clams, fish, or chicken, all tastes the same...claficken). When I'm now in the mood for a good bar fish sandwich...it'll be Nied's.And, to top it all off, they have BOTH - Coke AND Pepsi! (now truly, how smart is that?)The waitress was bragging about her Reuben special on Tuesdays. I'm going to take her up on that challenge. I LOOOOOOVE a good Reuben, but have yet to find one ANYWHERE in da burgh that can stand up to the least of a Reuben from New York. I go to NY for four days, 6 of my eight meals are Reubens, because I know that ANYWHERE I go in NYC, competition and a demand for excellence insists - ANY Reuben had better be a damned GOOD Reuben, and they always are.I'll be taking this gal up on the Reuben challenge. But even if it fails, the fish sandwich is worth the trip. Nied's is a prime example of the type of place I will repeatedly hit for food...I don't give a rat's patootie how much you spend on 'atmosphere' and glitz...I go for the food. And often, the best food is found in the least likely places. And frankly,  the 'famous' sign might actually be worthy of its braggage.
3	I love the sandwich, but the rest makes this place a standard dive bar.
1	This place was horrible. Went in on a Fri. night and ordered fish, clams, oyster sandwich, fries and shrimp. All fried food and we waited about 45 min to get our meals. We only got them after I told the waitress we would have to go so we could make other commitments. At that point I left half the party to take the other half to their art class. Upon my return to hook up with the people I left this oyster sandwich was waiting for me. The picture is what I waited 45 min. for. I won't be going back there ever.
4	Great bar. The prices are very reasonable and the band isn't bad either. The fish sandwich rivals Armand's in deliciousness though it could not be more distinct from it.I have heard the bar organizes a shuttle to Punxsutawney every year to see Phil. That sounds like a ball!
4	Get the fish sandwich.  Best I've ever had.  The cole slaw is homemade and is awesome as well.  French fries are lousy.Don't get anything other than the fish sandwich, it is what they're known for, and their other food just isn't very good.
4	Great little old school place in upper Lawrenceville.  Ordered a fish sandwich for take out so didn't eat there,  but the sandwich was delicious.  Large portion and flakey texture.  Exactly the type of fish sandwich you'd want. Comes with the option of onions and pickles on top.Bar and restaurant was decently packed for a 5pm weeknight.  People drinking beers while watching KDKA on the Tvs. Classic Pittsburgh. Would definitely order again!
5	We went to the Nied's Hotel for an outdoor fundraiser.  The Nied's Hotel Band performed.  They rock!  They are always a good time. I highly recommend you check them out. That aside, the outside of the building states "famous fish sandwich." Everyone ordered the fish sandwich at our table and we were not let down.  This fish sandwich was hands down the best I've had.  It is lightly coated on the outside so you don't feel like you are eating a bunch of breading. The fish is tasty and it's a really large sandwich. We will definitely be back and I won't be able to help myself but to order the same thing every time.
3	If you're in the mood for good ol' bar food with quick service, this is the place to go.  I've heard not much has changed in the past few decades, and it definitely seems that way.  We ordered the famous fish sandwiches, which were pretty darn good.  They were HUGE too!  The highlight of the night was the Nied's Hotel House Band performing in the courtyard next door.  The crowd spilled onto the street.  The band was great!  Definitely a fun atmosphere.
5	Great bar. The prices are very reasonable and the band isn't bad either. The fish sandwich rivals Armand's in deliciousness though it could not be more distinct from it.I have heard the bar organizes a shuttle to Punxsutawney every year to see Phil. That sounds like a ball!
