5	I have a rescue dog who would race out the door if it was even cracked a little bit, (forget ordering pizza, or receiving a UPS pkg!) It was just  an impossible situation, and I was at my wits end. Then along came Leah. In just a few sessions, my little Moxie now sits and waits at the door. I can leave it wide open and walk all the way across the yard to the curb and she will just sit and wait until I tell her "Okay!" Then, instead of bounding down the street -- she will bound right to me!Leah created a small miracle for me and my little rescued baby. A small miracle, but huge results.I can't recommend Leah enough. And I cannot thank her enough.DeeDee  and Moxie -- Phoenix
5	My rescue Jagger is a Lab mix, and was scared of his own tail when I got him. After just the first few classes I noticed a big difference. Leah gave me lots of good tips to help him at home and when we go out. He is a brand new dog now I can walk right up to people without him trying to bolt. He really knows his commands now. Our training class has helped Jagger and I so much! Thank you Leah!
5	Leah, the trainer, at Dog House Training Academy is great. She's friendly, knowledgable, and makes herself available via e-mail or phone should you have any questions. Her knowledge on dogs is extensive, and even though you're just paying for the class, she'll gladly offer up advice on any issues you may be having with your dog. The classes seemed simple enough to me, but there was a client in my class that just wasn't picking it up at all and blatantly disregarding her techniques. I was impressed with how Leah handled the situation and the customer. She's very thorough, and always explains why she does things the way she does, and why it works. So there are no questions, and it's always made perfect sense to me. With the quality of service, and the knowledge that you get to tap into while you're training with Leah, you just can't find a better deal out there. Her rates are competitive, and she offers referral discounts too.
5	I was told about Dog House from a friend who signed up for the Beginner Class. I had been looking for some training for my young pug  (who thinks its funny to run away from me into on-coming traffic -true story) for a while. However, I had given up hope looking because most training was out of my price range. BUT, I heard about Leah's $99 beginner class and I signed up on a whim- It was the best thing I've done for my dog (besides vaccines!). Leah was a very knowledgeable and caring teacher. In the beginner class, we went through all the basics- sit, stay, wait, lay down, etc.  It was well worth the money- in fact I feel like i got a fantastic deal and should have paid more!Thanks Leah (Dog House)!
5	I found Leah online when I was searching for a suitable trainer to help me work with my nervous rescue dog. He is a doxie-mix mutt of some sort, so a relatively small dog, but he was alternately scared into lock-down position or prompted to act lack a big, tough bully. With her help, he has become much more comfortable, trusting and reliable, even in situations where he used to freak out.As he got better, we found he really needed a friend and Leah helped with our second dog as well. He is a high-energy beagle mix and really loves training. It is a great outlet for his energy. The classes and Leah's wonderful advice helped us bring the two dogs together and be able to trust them when we go out about town.While our schedules have been limited, DHTA has offered great opportunities for review and practice at workshops. Now that I am on summer break, we will be starting the intermediate class and can't wait to see what else they can do!.
5	I had the fortune of meeting Leah through very unique circumstances. She volunteers with the White German Shepherd rescue, helping some of these wild unruly dogs find basic manners and in doing so, speeds them up towards getting a forever home. My dog used to be her foster. For quite a long time actually- a period of at least 6 months. So I was incredibly lucky- upon adopting my Miyu she was pretty much fully trained! Leah demands excellent obedience of all the dogs that live in her home, and my girl was no exception. If anything I was the one that had to learn how to handle her, not the other way around! In fact, in a span of two months after adopting Miyu we successfully took and passed our Canine Good Citizen test. That's how effective she is.So really, I live every day with the good foundation that Leah laid down with my dog. Something I very much appreciate, as she is a true blue german shepherd- drivey, strong and sharp minded. Shepherds need a firm hand and structure, something which she taught Miyu to do, and taught me how to keep up! I've also been fortunate enough to take a couple more classes with Leah- an intermediate class and an advanced class. Now if you're pondering whether or not it's necessary to do more training, I say YES. Yes, it is. After our intermediate I wasn't sure if I needed more, but when the opportunity came to take the advanced I said sure, why not? And this is as real as it gets. You polish and hone down stays, sit stays, and acceptable behavior in extremely difficult real life situations. A previous yelper mentioned finding Leah because she spotted a class at the dog park. This is 100% accurate. For our first advanced class we took our dogs to outside the dog park, to learn down stays even in an environment with people and other dogs (some friendly, some not so friendly) walking to and fro. You work them in a heel through a Harbor Freight store. Through a mall. On and on. You hone their focus in situations that demand it. Just really awesome work for the dogs in general. This is stuff that is groundwork for therapy dogs and even for service dogs. I know she's also planning an Advanced II class after hearing feedback from us crazy Advanced students that will push our dogs even further. I'm looking forward to that!If you're not as hard core as we are she also does little one time workshops, and a really fun tricks class as well as a Rally-O class. That I think will be our next class. (For the uninitiated, Rally O is a dog sport whereby you compete in obedience, navigating a course set up for you. It's fun, more relaxed and more beginner friendly than true blue AKC style Obedience.) As the other reviews mentioned, she's very affordable, and holds many classes at many different times, so it really isn't that hard to find one that will suit a schedule. If you're looking for a great trainer who helps you to build your bond and learn how to effectively work and train your dog, this is the place to go! If you're like me who's a nut and wants to really work your dog to a higher level, she's still a great place to go! So really. Just go check her out already.
5	I sought out help from Leah when my puppy began displaying tennis ball aggression. In two personal training sessions, we worked on her behavior, as well as gaining more confidence (she has some anxiety around strangers). I have worked with a trainer in the past, although I saw the most progress through training with Leah. My friends commented that my puppy seems like a different dog with strangers in the home after training with Leah. She is calm and warms up more easily. Leah helped me identify my own behaviors that are impacting my puppy, as well as the behaviors of others. She identified behaviors no one else has picked up on, not even a past trainer. Her Meet and Greet class was also excellent. We look forward to her Intermediate class!
5	There are times when you need help with your dogs. Leah was there for me and my Bella. She showed me how to handle this mildly aggressive GSD and helped become a better owner. So we both got great training!  I highly recommend Leah and Dog House Training.  Her techniques are easy to understand and work well regardless of the breed. Her style is firm but loving. The perfect combination.
5	Leah and Dog House Training Academy came highly recommended from friends at my nearby dog park in downtown Phoenix - that's an excellent testament right there! I found our 8 month old puppy Penny, running in traffic back in November. She is likely a pit-bull/whippet mix, on the small side but packed with the energy both those breeds bring! Penny has wonderful social skills, even if she's a bit like a roller derby queen when it comes to rough and tumble play, and she is also very smart, so training her was only complicated by my and my husband's inability to re-train ourselves as pup-parents!Leah gives clear direction and examples and achievable homework assignments. She is patient and firm with all of us. She will work with you individually on trouble areas, giving specific gradient steps to infill for targeted behavior challenges.  In truth, she says it is us humans who are truly her most difficult students; but breaking our bad habits is something she does with deft skill! What I love about Leah's training is that it doesn't give room for you to get angry with your dog for them not understanding what you are asking them to do. If your pup isn't achieving the goal, it is 95% sure that it is the human behavioral consistency that is missing. Correction is gentle and rewards are sweet (and sometimes tasty!)  Leah reminded us to be much more vocal in our praise and that is exactly what Penny blossoms with! Our classes were not conveniently located for us; however, after experiencing the benefits of Leah's training, I would travel to the moon to take her classes! Thank you for such a great experience Leah! You are awesome!
1	I called and the voicemail said to txt or email. So I texted her and I never got a call or txt back :/..
5	Leah called back and explained she had been busy doing all her training. She was very nice and had helpful information. My puppy starts training next week:).
5	So you get yourself a puppy or an adult dog and you find yourself with two choices.1. Don't train your dog. Let him/her run around and do what it wants, jump up on people, eat your furniture, bite people, pull your arm out of its socket when you walk him, etc, etc. 2. Go to dog training classes. Yeah, number 2 is the right answer. For a very reasonable price ($125) we signed up Anka our brand new 3 month old puppy. Anka is a strong-willed German Shepherd with a high drive and before training was happy to do anything SHE wanted to. After completing our 8 week training class, Anka can now sit, down, wait, stay on command and come when called. She walks on a leash wonderfully now. She doesn't jump up on people any more and she is a lot more comfortable amongst other dogs and people.Leah is very knowledgeable and patient. She spends time both with the class as a whole and with your dog individually. Every one of the dogs in our class improved dramatically over the course of 8 weeks. The transformation was quite amazing to see.I picked Leah because of her history with German Shepherds, but she knows about all dogs. We were so happy with the puppy class that, without hesitation, signed up for the intermediate class and probably the advanced class after that!
5	I found Leah online when I was looking for a class for our new puppy. I knew we wanted to do training for him, but I was hesitant to do classes at Petsmart or Petco because they're expensive and didn't hear the best reviews. I'm so glad I did, Leah was awesome and she really knows what she's doing. She has classes for all levels and even though ours was a puppy, she also has a lot of experience with older dogs with bad habits. She was so sweet and patient, and she really trains "you" how to work with your dog. Anyone whose dog is not showing improvement after a few classes is most likely because you are not consistent at home. You can't go to the class and expect that a one hour a week class will fix behavior problems. You have to continue to teach your dog and practice and enforce what you're learning at home too. I would love to take our dog to one of the more advanced classes someday when I have the time. They even do Out On The Town activities for the dogs where they learn to behave in public places, even sit/lay down and stay for a long time all while people and other animals walk by. It's impressive and I would highly recommend Leah to anyone! They also do fun events, she did a dog costume party for Halloween and we all met at the park with our dogs and played games with them like musical "sit", bobbing for hot dogs, and other fun stuff. She's great!
5	Dawn is a great trainer!!, calm fun atmosphere. Always willing to go the extra mile to help with your dog and make everyone in the class feel comfortable. I will recommend them to everyone I meet. I will also be taking my dogs back for further training.
5	I contacted Leah to prepare for a trip to take my three dogs to Dog Beach. We went to a couple of private lessons to work on some useful things for Dog Beach. We came up with a plan and Leah was beyond flexible with her schedule to meet ours. Training was so much fun. Leah is funny, and gives clear direction so you know what you are doing!  She also gives you insight into understanding what the dogs are thinking or why they are acting a certain way. More importantly I felt no judgement about how I am with my dogs. They are my babies and I may overlook small behaviors that are actually more of a problem. Since our first lessons, I have gone to many meet and greets workshops and just signed up for an eight week class. I am beyond happy with the progress my dogs are making. I am so happy I found Dog House Training!!!
5	I recommend the Dog House trainers to everyone. Puppy 101 and Intermediate class were excellent. I think they are very caring, knowledgeable and patient with the people as well as the dogs. The workshops are excellent. Looking forward to the trick training class and more workshops. Reasonably priced and fun, too.
5	After rescuing a 2 year old Chihuahua/Jack Russell Terrier mix, it quickly became apparent that we needed professional help to train her to be a good little doggie.  We went to another trainer in town who obviously hadn't ever worked with small dogs and our poor Britta ended the session by puking up the ridiculous amount of treats the trainer used.  So we decided to look to Yelp.  And we are so glad we did!  Leah is so good with Britta!  We had 2 private sessions which really helped - especially since we haven't ever had a dog before - we were even walking her wrong!  Leah quickly trained us how to walk Britta to give her confidence.  After the 2 private sessions, we attended a Meet & Greet to work on socialization.  These workshops are FANTASTIC and so affordable!  Finally, Leah is so tuned in to her pupils, she suggested that we move our 2 year old to a puppy beginner class rather than the adult class since our Britta has some fear of other dogs - especially big dogs.  We've only been to 2 of the beginner classes, but we already see improvement everyday with Britta - she is becoming more confident and we are hopeful that she will be a happy social dog someday soon!  I highly recommend Leah for personal and professional attention to both your dog and your family
5	We love Dog House Training Academy! When we got our Black and Tan Coonhound Oakley, everyone told us how stubborn hounds were and that he couldn't be trained.Well, they were wrong. Danae has been our trainer through Puppy 101, Intermediate and Advanced; and we just adore her and how much she has helped us train our first dog. She took all of his silly rolling around and stubborn barking in stride and helped us resolve any issues we had at home.We are so proud of Oakley and how much he has grown while being at Dog House Training Academy. They don't just teach your dogs, they teach YOU as owners what you may be doing wrong and how to correct it. They always have solutions.The Puppy 101 course really guides you in not only training your puppy, but also in raising them, which was so helpful for us as newbie puppy parents. We loved the advanced training sessions that were in public places; because it really tested our dog and taught him how to listen with distractions in a hustle and bustle environment and to be social with other people/children/animals.Their monthly Yappy Hour meet-ups are a lot of fun for Oakley and us, giving him the opportunity to meet other dogs, play and learn good socialization skills. The owner, Leah, has created an awesome community!If you are looking into training for your dog with people who genuinely care about you and your animals, who are professionals, and have a fun community to boot, then don't hesitate!
5	I would highly recommend Doghouse Training Academy.  Leah is as good as it gets.  She was extremely patient with me.  I can be a bigger handful than my dog, Oliver. I am so happy with the progress he is making.  He is going to be finishing  Basic Obedience class soon.  I will be taking him to Intermediate class next.  I also really like how she offers workshops, Yappy Hours etc.  She makes dog training fun and affordable.  Thank you Leah
5	We Love Dog House Training Academy. We are newbie parents with a pit bull so we knew training was a must. I researched for a while on the best places to start your training. I came across Leah and was very impressed with everything I was reading. We decided to give her a try. I am beyond happy that we did. We signed up for puppy 101 and learned so many different things such as the right techniques, interaction, and etc. Our puppy has came so far and now on the verge of graduating and moving on to intermediate. At Dog House Training Academy not only do you get that group socialization but also one on one attention as well. I highly recommend this place to anyone seeking great dog training.
5	Our first time taking the training class!  We were extremely Impressed with LEAH! Just after one class,  we learned so much about the behavior of Akira, our deaf Pit Bull and what commands we need to work on. I highly recommend her services to anyone.  Leah is not only Knowledgeable,  she is Very PATIENT!
5	Our puppy just graduated from the Puppy 101 course this week. Leah is awesome with helping all of the dogs out and had an answer to help all our problems. We just got another puppy and he is already signed up for her training to begin in February. So glad we decided to go here! Thanks, Leah!
5	Leah is awesome!  As a first time dog owner, there is a lot for me to learn about teaching a dog anything.  I felt that most of this class was for the owners and helping us understand how to address behaviors (both ours and the dogs) that were getting in the way of our dogs learning basic commands. She is really knowledgeable about dog behavior, and seems to easily handle any behavior that is exhibited by the canine class members.  She is particularly impressive with dogs that are somewhat aggressive towards classmates, helping their owners bring them many steps closer to being a social butterfly.  I've also taken a class at Petsmart, and Leah's classes are much better.  She is prompt and her classes seem to have so much more content.  The homework that she emails is detailed and helps us remember all the things we should be doing to build the skills of our dogs.  My eight year old daughter also attended classes with us, and was welcomed and encouraged to participate.  We will definitely take more classes with Dog House!
5	Leah is awesome! Just took our dog (rescued 7 year old Rottweiler mix) last night for her first session to help with fearful aggression and Leah gave us so much hope that we are going to be able to get this issue under control. She gave us sooo much useful information that we can use for all 3 of our dogs. I can't wait to practice at home with our dogs!!
5	We just finished our first class with Leah. I have seen an amazing transformation in my dog and it is all thanks to her. She is available to help any time you need it and has solutions for every issue. I never thought the results would be so dramatic. We are extremely excited to attend our next class with her and look forward to more great results.
5	Leah is so FANTASTIC with dogs ! Our Great Dane and *little buddy* Diesel is now a good boy and plays nice with others dogs. I don't usually write these but, I just had to here because Dog House Training Academy is so good at what they do. I highly recommend Puppy 101, Intermediate and Advanced. The results will amaze !
