4	My mom is obsessed with this place! Needless to say I've been force fed Carlos most of my life, but you know what it's pretty good! There is nothing super special about this place, but the food is reliably good so I like that. I would recommend going in for their lunch specials or after a long day at work. My mom is particularly obsessed with their margaritas so try to stop by for happy hour if you can. Good chips and salsa too which is muy importante.Careful for long waits at night!
5	Hands down, this is my favorite mexican food restaraunt in the valley.  The staff is very friendly, and just as important, the food is excellent.  My favorite is the machaca beef chimichanga.  MMMMM.
2	I've been to this place a few times, I don't know why. There is much better Mexican in the Valley. It's kid friendly at least. Very noise and cramped sitting. The service was bad. I had to waive down the waiter to get our check so we could leave (he was talking to another employee and it did not look like he was talking about work related stuff). Food is OK. Ordered the enchilada and Beef Taco #3. The taco was crispy just how I like it. Enchilada was very bad and smothered with sauce and CHEESE, It was a shredded beef enchilada, it was more like a cheese enchilada, could not taste the beef at all. It was embarrassing, we were entertaining a guess from out of town (Hawaii) and she said she had better in Hawaii. You have to know there is not many places to eat Mexican in Hawaii. Kids did not enjoy their food either. Definitely will be my last visit.
4	OMG did we drive a long ass time before we stumbled upon this place! I always wondered what Irish-Mexican food was like. Tired of driving, my mom gave the ok and I parked. One side was a bar and the other side was a restaurant. Relieved of that b/c didn't feel like having my mom dine with me in the middle of the bar. Awkward! Anyway, they had boucey, happy Hispanic men serving. Mom ordered the Shrimp fajitas, which came NOT sizzling (bummer). I ordered the black bean soup, came with a huge dallop of Daisy; and Mexican Pizza.. delish! It was a crispy flour tortilla with seasoned fajita chicken chunks and tons of onions and peppers. More dallops of Daisy please!!! Flan was to die for!I didn't see any Irish food on the menu. I guess Carlos runs the restaurant; and Mr. Obrien covers the bar?? Lol. I was expecting corned beef hash burritos or something.
4	The name throws you a curve but once you get pass that and give it a try you're in for a good meal. Good food, ample servings. decent margaritas. Nice atmosphere. Awesome wing appetizers.
3	Went here last night as it was next door to our hotel. A local friend said it was very good so I wanted to try it. We were seated quickly & our waitress was very nice. The only thing that is taking this review from 4 stars to 3 stars is their lack of a drink menu. I was curious to see what types of quality tequilas they had available, or any speciality margaritas. Because of this I opted to just order a Patron margarita, which I unfortunately didn't know the price of (ended up being $8 and tasting very good so it all worked out). We then ordered some guacamole for our table as an appetizer. It was REALLY good, perfectly spicy, we were very pleased. Our entrees arrived in a timely manner as well, and of course piping hot (I always have to touch the plate when they say "hot plate, please don't touch". Am I alone in this?) :) I got the steak fajitas (good, not great), my friend got the Pollo Fundido (really, REALLY good... I would totally get this next time we went) and my husband had the cheese enchiladas which were also very good. The beans they serve alongside everything are the other thing that brings this review from a 4 to a 3. They're not terrible but the way they arrive to the table just looks gross. They must microwave them because there's a sort of  hard "shell" covering them. Once you mix them around though it's not too bad. The rice is however very good. If there would just make up some drink menus & take a little more care with the refried beans, Carlos O'Briens would be a hit & a must go to dinner spot everytime I'm here on vacation!
2	I'll admit I was glad to have Guinness with my meal, but how weird is it to have an Irish bar serving Mexican food?  Answer:  very!   And, unfortunately, they don't pull it off.  The decor is a little odd with the discordant theme, but it was comfortable enough inside.The most important characteristic of any restaurant is the food, and the food here is average to poor.  Maybe I'm biased coming from Tejas, but I expect more than clammy refried beans and bland shredded lettuce with almost flavorless cheese.  Chips and salsa were OK but the meal went downhill from there.  Really, I could have done better at one of those lifeless Rodiberto/Edilberto/Filiberto kind of joints.  It seemed very similar in taste and quality.I wanted to like this place because I am a Mexican food junkie.  But....
3	Mexican plus Irish?  Heh? Eh, sure, why not.Carlos O'Brien reminds me of what you get when you cross Bennigan's with Chili's, toss out the Irish Food and Mexicanize the meals. Is it cause they have Guiness with nachos? Or quesedillas with potatoes? Either way, it's American-Mexican and not bad.I was taken here by an Arizona local, who said it was her favorite place to go with her husband years ago. Our server was friendly and attentive, and the chips were light and crispy, served with a decent salsa.  My spinach-bean burrito wasn't bad and my elder companion enjoyed her veggie quesedillas which were chewy and cheesy but otherwise typical. Not really "authentic" but probably a good place to go when you wanna watch and ASU game and crave nachos.
4	Why have I lived in the Valley for eight years and not been here until yesterday? Seriously was missing out. (And being such a Mexican food junkie that even my friends and family can't stand me warrants the trip alone). Chimi = Good. Not as good as some other places I've been to. But good. Everything else = Really good. Food is filling, and its easy to indulge in...Service bothered me. Don't get me wrong. Our waiters were very friendly. But its like...Dude...this drink has been empty for 15 minutes...why is it not full?! Had to ask for things, refills on water, more chips and salsa (Which are fabulous, by the way), etc, etc. Maybe I'm overly expectant and believe that water glasses should be full at times. Either way, its not a big deal. Carlos O'Briens - you should expect my business in the future. I promise I'll be good and go the gym soon thereafter.
3	Overall decent Mexican food for a chain restaurant. It comes off a lot like a Garcia's or Chevy's... Chips and salsa are above average and the service is good. Nothing surprising (or amazing) will happen to you here.
5	I really love this place, mainly because they have an awesome Happy Hour 7 days a week 4 - 7pm. We always sit at the bar, the bartenders are really friendly and give great service. Their specials include: $3 draft pints, $4 Three Olives Vodka cocktails, and great food specials (I recommend the big cheese crisp for only $4!!). We went there on a Saturday, watched the Dback game, enjoyed several drinks and dinner, and our tab was under $30 - can't beat that!!We also used Carlos O'Briens to cater a big party that we had - and it was a HUGE hit! Very moderately priced with really yummy food.
3	My wife and I have eaten here a couple of times.  The food is good, but not great.  Portions are large and cost is reasonable.  Not disappointing, but not spectacular in any way either.  If there is a wait, go somewhere else.
3	4 stars for kids, 2 for adults.
5	Best Mexican food in the Phoenix Area. Can't go wrong with Chicken Fajita Mexican Pizza.
2	Yeah, not so much. But the balloon animals were fun.
3	If Carlos obrien's was slightly more consistent with their food as far as seasoning, temperature, and timing...4.5 stars. Yet at times the pollo fundido is luke warm( amazing when hot), the tacos often under seasoned ( surprisingly good when proper), and the kitchen is at times a little sluggish... when restaurant is half full.The two best things here are the chips and two salsas which are addictive and always delicious. And the botanas, their take on nachos, which are on my list of best apps in the area. At least go there for them, really.
4	Let me dispel the rumor, Carlos is not Irish / Mexican fusion food.  That thought still makes me laugh after all these years.  I originally thought it, too.  Carlos is 1970's style Phoenix mexican food.  What the heck is that, you ask?  (I might ask what the heck Irish/Mexican fusion is too, but will drop it for now)  Carlos opened in the '70's with a few other local chains (Manuel's comes to mind) when Mexican food started gaining popularity in the suburbs here.  They built on the existing sonoran style mex, toned down the spice and compensated with huge portions and about 3/4 pound of shredded cheese on everything.  You get the obligatory free bottomless chips and salsa when you sit down.  It's all very good.  It's not gourmet by any means, and it won't remind anyone of their tia's cooking.  But the food is still very good.The Carlos on Bell is a nice place to visit.  The manager gets to know all the regulars and the service is always good.  It's a big place, so there's rarely a wait - a rarity in North Scottsdale most nights.  Prices are cheap for what you get.  Carlos can make you very, very happy if you go in with the right expectations.  If that expectation includes anything that even vaguely resembles Irish fare, go to the Tilted Kilt next door.
3	We had dinner here with some friends.  It was our first time trying out this place and since I'm on my No Meat diet, I went for the Bean & Cheese Chimichanga.  My friends ordered an appetizer for the table that was a Tortilla with melted Cheese on it.....they insisted that I give it a try.  I did and was instantly a fan....wow, it tasted sooo good.  The Cheese was gooey and had a nice, rich flavor.  We added some Guacamole to it and it was great.By the time my Bean & Cheese Chimichanga came out, I was almost full from the complimentary Chips & Salsa plus the Cheesy Appetizer.  However, once I took one bite from the Chimichanga, my stomach kicked into 2nd gear.....it was good!Overall, it was a nice place to have dinner with friends.  It's very casual.....it was busy when we arrived around 7:30, but was empty by 9:00.....I can never get use to cities outside of Vegas where places empty really fast!Return Factor - 70%
2	I have gone here many times over the years due to its close proximity to my mom's house. It has always been mediocre... but alright. Today it was not so good. I called in to order a to go order at lunch time for my mom (who's sick) and myself. We had some specific instructions (hold the beans etc). So I get there and there were some seriously weird (possibly drunk) people in line in front of me. It took them about ten years (or minutes) to complete their order. So it's finally my turn, and I tell the lady that I have an order for Jennifer. She says... you do? what was on that order. So I tell her the basic components of the order (not including the details because I thought she was trying to locate the order). She then walked away and did not come back for fifteen minutes. She was tending the bar. When she came back I asked her what happened and she said that the person who was working up front took the order and couldn't leave so the order was never placed and therefore she had to re -place the order. Well.... that sucked because I did not know she was placing the order again and did not include that I didn't want beans and sour cream... kind of a big part of the order. So I get home and the burrito is just covered in beans and sour cream..... gross. I just wish there was some communication... why didn't she just tell me that they didn't place the order. I didn't even get a chance to ask her questions because she went over to bar tend. Well, my mom called and they credited her the money for the messed up order, which is the right thing to do and they get props for that.... but the quality is yet to be seen.
1	Went here with my husband on a Friday night.  We won't be back.  Apparently they "were so busy" right before we got there.  We were told that about 5 times during our dinner.  No one offered us drinks or water (they were out of glasses) and when we finally got someone's attention for some chips and salsa, the chips were cold and oily and the salsa was only half filled.  We asked for plates.  They were getting washed also.  My husband got up and snagged some napkins from the busser's station.  Drinks finally came. No straws and no spoon ( I ordered ice tea).  Our meals were both salty and cold (aren't fajitas supposed to come out hot and sizzling ~ thought that was what the cast iron pan was for). We didn't finish even a third of our meals.  Server came and I told her everything was cold.  Her response "Yeah, we were really busy before you got here." ??  She then left our check and walked away. Didn't even offer us a to-go box for our skimpy portions that we had left. Paid and bill and walked out (past all the screaming kids and spilled food that was trailed all over the place).Never again.
2	Tried it base on reviews and convenience....next to our motel.   Had the Spinach Enchiladas.  Service was excellent and the atmosphere was nice.  Unfortunately the Enchiladas were bland.  If you want great Spinach Enchiladas, try Eva's in Casa Grande or Arizona City.
3	Tried this place out for dinner while on my business trip to Scottsdale. I like Mexican food, being from SoCal, so was excited to try it out with a name like that. First off, chips not bad, salsa ok but not "outstanding" or anything. No impact positive or negative, just about what you'd expect to nosh on while waiting to order and for your margarita. Which of course I ordered.  Tried the first one on their menu, for which the name escapes me (my bad!). High marks for a good pour so not bad at all.For dinner I ordered the shrimp enchilada. Massive portion heaped with rice and beans on the side. Standard quality fare for the rice and beans, while the enchilada I consider to have been above average in taste.Didn't experience any issues with service delays or the food itself and prices aren't bad. While it's not as good as some of my faves back home, it's worth another shot or two for me.
3	So I went back here yesterday with my mom to use our credit form the debacle from our last visit, and the staff really made up for the poor experience last time. The manager (Sean I think...) came over more than once to chat and was very apologetic. We ordered the same items this time (the pollo burrito and a cheese crisp with green onions and tomato) and the order was correct on this visit. Our waitress was also very sweet and took extra time with us. They also gave us a fried ice cream on the house, so it was very nice and I appreciate that this restaurant does the right thing when something goes wrong, that is a great quality in a restaurant. So, we have been going for many many years and will probably continue going, especially after this experience. The food is still just the typical Arizona Mexican food place, but at least they care about their customers.
4	I love the Pollo Fundido chicken burrito! It's the only reason I go to Carlos O'briens. Go hungry, and stuff you face!
3	The food is good in general.  More of the Americanized version of Mexican food.  On the heavier side for food.   While the food is good, the restaurant lacks ambience - a few American movie posters in Spanish.   The service was very, very slow.
4	CARLOS O'BRIENS IS MEXICAN FOOD!  Sorry for yelling but I nearly dropped my phone when I started reading reviews from people expecting Irish fare.I've been eating at Carlos for 22 years or so.  I remember being quite young going to the 12th Street and Northern Location.They have, hands-down, the best Pollo Fundito Chimi I have ever eaten, and boy have I eaten my fair share.  5 starsTheir chips and salsa are also always fresh.  The chips get also 5 stars.  Always fresh and hot.  Their mild salsa is very mild and watery.  Not my style but it fresh.  I mix the hot in with the mild which works form me.Shredded beef tacos are also 5 stars.  Love 'em.Fried ice cream is also yummy.  I'm not a desert guy so I won't attach stars to them but yum yum.Other tips are to come at happy hour.  Good deals.  Lunch specials and portions are just right also.Carlos O'Brien's is a great place that just gives me comfort knowing that it is there when I need it.  I spend so much time trying new places, especially mexican, that this old favorite tends to get skipped because the closest one is 15 miles from the house.Why only 4 stars?  Only because there are more authentic places like Los Dos and Rosita's Place that get 5.I'll be back.  I always will.  Next time sooner than later.  That darn Fundito calls my name.
4	Who cares that it's not " authentic" Mexican. It's mexican-american, which is fine with me. I used to visit a lot and then stopped going. My partner's mother went about a month ago and bought back some leftovers only to remind me how good the food is here. Wow. Why did we stop going ?Their "botanica" nacho creations are a 5 star production. I can't see how they can improve it. And it's huge. I would eat is a a meal. I love their chips and salsa. The service is first class, sodas coming before you even ask for a refill and their portions generous. I enjoy eating in their Northern Ave location as it is a great space, albeit dated from the late 1980's - which I love. There chimis are indecent and delicious-stuffed with my favorite machaca. They seem to stay crunchier than some other restaurants in which they start to get soggy after serving. In all I give them  4 1/2 stars if I could, but since my last 5 star review was filtered, I will retrain myself and give them 4. Ia m more than a fan.
5	Great food and big portions, service was excellent
3	We had COB for a work lunch the other day and it left much to be desired. I did like the guacamole and the hotter salsa, but not much else. Well, the rice wasnt bad either. Maybe it was the whole to go thing, but it wasnt very good. And the sour cream had black things in it? Olives? I dont know, but I didnt find out.
5	We go every friday night and can't wait....They serve the best mexican food in town and the happy hour margaritas are wonderful and potent ...as well...The wait staff are all friendly and the service has always been great......Its our favorite restaurant and we never go anywhere else for Mexican food.......Try it....You will not be sorry that you did......Debbie & Mark
4	Chips and salsa are my fav thing!!! If you love Mexican... This is a great place for you!! My fav item.... Pollo Fundito Chimi ( I'm not going to mention the need for diet and exercise that comes after eating here 4x in one week.... Stay away from the Mexican pizza if health matters to you ) tip: order a big tall glass of salsa to drink for your after dinner treat. It is THAT GOOD!
4	I have been coming here for years and the food is never disappointing.
3	3.5 starsvery strange set up inside. I mean, I guess its sort of trying for the pub feel, so what it's trying to do, it does well? I got a chicken chimi, pretty good, really sweet though. Probably the best service I've ever had too. Refills were extremely prompt.
1	Disappointing. The Avondale location must have different cooks/recipes because I've eaten there multiple times and always been pleased. The Scottsdale location on the other hand was terrible. The location is good, but the restaurant still screams Bennigans or Luby's or whatever it should be but isn't "Mexican." The salsas were blah. Again, Avondale is doing something different. The queso was nearly inedible with a very coarse, gritty texture. The plates came out and although my food was hot, my son's plate was cold. The cheese enchilada was boring. The beef "burro" was.....was....I don't know how to describe it. If the beef was on a hoagie it would have been a bad Philly cheese steak too. But, it was more suited to that than a Mexican burrito. Overall, I apologized to my family that I forced them to go there for dinner. Considering within 2 minutes of driving, there was Maggianos, Gordon Biersch, and a plethora of great restaurants, I was sorry I made them go. As we were leaving, I commented that the best thing I had was the water and my usually easy going daughter agreed. If you find yourself at that corner, pick another place.
4	Okay So I am new to yelp but I am giving props to places I consistently go to and Carlos O'Briens has been a favorite of our family for a while. The food is always good and the service has been tremendous and our kids enjoy going there which is a big plus+...Keep up the good work!
2	We went here late one night for dinner because it was the only Mexican place open past 10PM. The bar was the only place available to sit down so we ordered drinks and got chips and salsa. I ordered the albondigas soup and a bean burro. The soup was extremely salty, too salty to the point where I told our waiter I wasn't able to eat it. The burro was OK, I only ordered it because it was on the a la carte menu and cheap. I will say the service was pretty fast and attentive but it still isn't saving it for me to return anytime soon.
2	Food was ok, not great....the beef fajitas had quite a bit of fat on them and the overall meal was more Mexican-American than authentic Mexican....prices were reasonable and the service was fine so I give them two and a half stars....
1	By far, the WORST food in all of Arizona if not the Nation.Nothing more needs to be said.Buyer beware.
4	I'm all about the free chips and salsa. The chips are warm and light but really filling that I could only eat a little bit of my entree. The venue is really big! You could throw a party here. I loved their xmas tree so pretty!! My friend had a burrito really generous portions and I had a tortilla salad. Both were good  but nothing amazing. Great value and great portions for value. I used a groupon and I would be back :)
5	Great Mexican food! Atmosphere a bit shabby but our meal was excellent. I really loved their Molliritas, signature Margarita.Can't wait for our next visit. Rueben gave us great service too.
5	I'm a big fan of the hot salsa.  The food is tasty.  There can be a long wait when they're busy, but if you go early the service is fast and friendly.
3	Blaaaaaah just like 90% of all the "Mexican" joints out here.  Ok food, ok decor, ok service, ok prices.  Decent guacamole though.
5	I had a great business lunch today. I really like the new lunch menu. Great choices for a great value. I usually just get the cheese enchilada & taco combo but decided to branch out & try the chicken fajitas. Holy moly, the was enough chicken for 3 people & the tortillas were really tasty. They tasted like they were made from scratch.Heidi was our server and took great care of us. Kept our soda glasses full and never interrupted our conversation. Thanks Heidi for a great lunch today.
5	Good food and plenty of it, too much for lunch but....I ate it all anyway!!!  Now I won't have to have dinner....yah like that's going to happen, lol
3	First time at this restaurant and went in on a whim.  Nothing really stands out, food is bland, service was ok and prices meh considering what you are getting. Would I go back in a pinch, I guess but wouldn't go back on purpose.
4	Nothing too fancy, just good Mexican.  Chile Relleno was very nice and light, cheese enchilada was big.  Everyone had portions that were more then they expected.  Great for a group meal, the staff was very nice and brought us everything we needed with a smile.
5	I've been going here with my parents since I was a little kid, and it's always been great. The chips and salsa are so good... there have been times when I've ONLY eaten that instead of an actual meal! I like their quesadillas, enchiladas, and especially their fajitas - that's usually what I get now. Both the mixed and veggie fajita plates are good; I like them with black beans. They come with plenty of good tortillas, guacamole, sour cream, lime, lettuce, and pico de gallo if you ask for it. It may not be that fancy, but it's good authentic-tasting Mexican food and I like it a lot. One of my favorites for sit-down Mexican.
5	Excellent happy hour. They have the best queso dip. It goes great with their delicious chips & salsa. They do not disappoint!
5	The BEST chicken fajita quesadilla in town!!! Love this place!
3	The food taste very good, 4 stars on the food for what you expect at a Mexican restaurant. My wife and I ordered margaritas that tasted more like frozen ice (traditional). I then switched it up and got a strawberry margarita. I actually did not know if it was a margarita or daquari. Very, very disappointed in the margs. If you are only coming for the food, it's worth trying. Not worth trying if your looking for a good margarita.
4	Always go here with my family. And for most of the time the service and food is amazing, also the staff. I went here on a Sunday night with my family and this place kind of let me down a lot. We made reservations earlier so we did not have to wait for a table so that was nice that they take reservations. Once we got seated we had to wait about 5 minutes for someone to come by to ask for our drink ordered which was annoying. About 10 minutes later we finally got chips, salsa and the drinks we ordered. The restaurant was pretty busy and I did not see a lot of employees working which made me think the service was going to be bad. The server we got was so nice, he's been working here for a long time and he's always been very nice. I did see him taking a lot of people's tables which I felt bad because someone else should have helped him with other people's orders. I got the Chicken Chimichanga. It was pretty good. I asked for no green chillies in it and they put them in which was annoying but I still ate it. WIsh the service was better, and besides that I recommend it to anyone that wants to eat pretty good Mexican food!
2	It took 45 minutes for our food to come out.  With an 16 month old in tow- that was just unacceptable.  All of the tables around us got their food before us, whether they ordered before us or not.  By the time our food came, our kid had had it and we were forced to eat in shifts.  Also, if you love your health... you won't love their food.  Don't get me wrong- it's tasty... but you'll hate yourself after eating it.  Lot and lots of calories.  So bad for you.  If anything- order one thing to split two or three ways.We won't be back.
3	One of our close family friends loves this restaurant and will celebrate her Birthday and other special family events here throughout the year.It's a decent place to take your family for dinner or lunch.  Since they know our friends well, we get great service every time.  The Cheese Crisps and Beef Burritos are pretty good....as a matter of fact, this is where I had my first Cheese Crisp ever a few years ago.  The complimentary Chips & Salsa is ok.  The Salsa is very mild, you have to request a spicy one if that's your deal....I ask every time.If you're in the area, it's not a bad choice for a family night out.Return Factor - 75%
3	I had lunch here today with a group of coworkers to celebrate a birthday. It was ok, but I don't think the food is good enough to justify the price. They had a table ready for us (we'd called ahead since we had 9 people), our server was efficient and didn't make any mistakes. They didn't give us any trouble when we wanted separate checks and almost all paid by credit card. I was impressed that my water glass was refilled several times, and more chips/salsa were delivered shortly upon request. I'll definitely be back since the location is convenient, parking is easy, and everyone can find something they like. But if it were up to me, I'd prefer Chipotle.
4	We like coming here though we are not regulars. You can get decent Mexican dishes in what I think of as TexMex style. My wife loves pollo fundido. I get a burrito. I enjoy the margaritas. Service is always good. Parking is normally easy.  There are lunch specials and then a happy hour so there are bargains most of the day.
3	This isn't the kind of Mexican food that will change your life. It's the kind that is decent and will fill you up but you won't remember eating it a few hours later. The portions are very small, even by non-American standards. My chicken fajitas looked more like an appetizer than a full dinner portion, but at least the chicken was all white meat and the vegetables were high quality. The fixins' side plate was pathetic -- some canned looking refried beans, a messy scoop of bland guacamole and sour cream, one olive (??), a sprinkling of tomatoes (no pico de gallo?), and cheese that had melted atop my beans (I hate this, give me fresh shredded cheese please). Minus a star for the store bought, non-homemade tortillas. I think all Mexican restaurants should care enough to make their corn and flour tortillas fresh on premises. On a positive note, I loved that my fajitas came with a nice, fresh, juicy lime on the side -- a must for me, and I didn't even have to ask!The queso dip was nothing to write home about, but I've never met a bowl of melty cheese or velveeta that I didn't like. The corn chips are as bad as they look. Since chips are such a crucial element to any Mexican meal, this is where Carlos O'Briens really failed me. The atmosphere is very old school and looks sort of like an old Chi-Chi's from the 1980s. Remember those, kids? I had always been curious about this place and finally decided to try it while visiting Arizona. I wouldn't go out of my way to return here, but I wouldn't hate the idea of eating here again either.
1	So disappointed. This place is a robbery at gun point. Me and my boyfriend go out to eat once a week and we decided to choose this place for our New Years afternoon meal. First off, I should have taken warning to a Mexican food place with the name pub in it. The salsa tasted like bad pizza sauce. The decor is pathetic. And then the tamale I ordered was HORRID. I took 2 bites of it and couldn't believe how bad it was. I took it home and ended up giving it to a homeless person and felt bad he had to eat it. I can not figure out how this place has stayed in business and has 2 other locations. Once the check came the waitress rang up my order as a #4 instead of #14 which cost me $3 more. I was so over being there I just paid and left. I will never return here or recommend it.
4	This is a great place to go with the family.  Ask for grilled vegetables instead of rice and beans, they are awesome.
4	Love the chips & salsa! I've been coming here since I was a youngster & it's by far my favorite Mexican restaurant in the valley! Customer Service is great too!!
5	I have eaten at this brand since before moving to AZ.  I find the staff to be very polite, and the food to be excellant.
5	Our favorite Mexican food restaurant. Large portions at a fair price. We think they have the best salsa in town. You won't be disappointed.
3	This place is like the Applebees of Irish-themed Mexican food, which right there means it's pretty much stuck at 3-stars for me.The service was good - pretty standard.  The food was good - not exceptional.  They do have a separate 'healthy' menu, which was appreciated since when I go to eat Mexican food I generally stuff refried beans and salsa into my gaping maw until I can't get out of the seat.  The margaritas were pretty good.  Over all, no complaints.  It's just a very generic, non-special atmosphere, and nothing over the top.Swing by for lunch or dinner or whatever.  Don't bring a date here.
5	Excellent service. Excellent meals. I had the fajita combo chimi and my wife had the combo grande burrito.
1	The food was ok. The restraunt area was way to open. Chips and Salsa was really good the main meal not as much...
4	Came here for the mini chimis because they are delish! We were surprised at how large the portions are for dinner. Everything tasted great and we left super full. Only complaint was I believe the server had a few to many tables when we got their because he was a little slow and flustered at the beginning. Over all good and will be back.
4	Good happy hour..$2.75 draft beers..$5-for 4 street tacos or 4 small chimichangas is a good deal...Chicken wings are way too expensive..$8.75- for happy hour .At a mexican rest.???? lol
4	Yummy!! Steak fajita burro
5	I've been going to Carlos O'Brien's for a few years now and love this place. Started with the location on Northern and now the one in Scottsdale/Phoenix area. I have never been disappointed with this place. Great food, service and bar selection is good.
4	Been eating at Carlos O'Briens for over 30 years before they moved to the 12th St and Northern Location. Was trilled to have the location on Bell Rd and Scottsdale Rd open close to the house. Their food is always great and never had a bad experience. Chips and salsa are awesome.  I always order the combo #9 with a green chili burro and 2 tacos. The cheese crisp,  tamales and Mexican pizza are always good. Good service and a separate area for take out are nice for this newer location.Will always come back for the great food and service.
2	Was expecting way better for some reason. I'd never been, but heard the name several times, so we stopped in for dinner tonight. Cleanliness didn't seem to be of high importance in the little I saw of the restaurant. Smelled a little like cleaners inside the door, so that was off putting. My glass was sticky and the table was stained, it just felt like a low-end chain experience. Food was okay - pollo fundido was marginal. I've had better before, but it's hard to mess up. It was lacking quite a bit of flavor, though. One person in my party found aluminum foil in her food, to which the server responded that it was a "hard, dry basil leaf." Right. Probably won't come back here again unless I'm on this corner and want Mexican food. Pretty unspectacular - I can get dinner that's more flavorful at a hole in the wall place for half the price.
1	First off this was my first time at this location and it was not a pleasant experience to say the least. We walked in on Mother's Day, no wait which was nice seated promptly. We sit down and table was dirty so I took out sanitizer wipes out of diaper bag & wiped table it was so filthy & black so this is where problem starts & gets worse. We never received our menus when seated there was a drink menu on the table covered in dried crusty food , our server came over after about 5-10 min & asked for our drink order I had asked if we could get menus he said yes we should have gotten menus while seated. my husband asked what they have on tap or what IPA's they have & they don't carry any so he was disappointed & ordered a water shortly after that our drink arrived & still no menus he asked if we were ready to order I said no you still never brought menus & he laughed & said I forgot. He brings menus over & I open up my menu & there was food that was fresh & dried stuck all over it at this point I had had enough & told my husband we are leaving if the restaurant is ok with clients seeing this god knows what conditions they are making food in so we got up & left. The health department should be notified of the filth this place has the ledge on the booth where we were seated had about 1/2 inch if dust & dirt stuck on it.
5	Very good!!!!!!  I loved the food here.  When I come to visit for work in Arizona I make it a point to try a different Mexican restaurant.  So far this was the best one I tried.  When 8 went to go pick up my order I was greeted by some extremely friendly people who recognized that I was not from the area.
5	Delicious Mexican Food. Those are the three words to describe it. I have eaten almost everything on the menu and haven't been disappointed.It's authentic. I really love the red tamales, the tacos and the pollo fundidos. Pile a bunch guacamole on there and it's food heaven. :)I really like their chips too. Order a bag one time and snacked on it with guacamole and salsa for a few days.
5	Yummy authentic Mexican food, large portions and super friendly staff. Very clean and family friendly.
2	We  have been eating at Carlos Obrien's since they where on 16th street next to the bank.  It appears they have taken their eye off the ball.  The food today was flat dry and tasteless.  Not like the old Carlos.  The kids waiting on tables where also very slovenly, argumentative and really  to busy visiting to wait on customers.
4	Food is a good price and good quantities. Chips and salsa are good. Restaurant is old and out of date but clean. I got the papa fajita and love it. Only reason I didn't give it a 5 star is the outdated interior and the food isn't very healthy.
5	So good!! The service was great, food was delicious,  huge portions and great prices. We went on a Saturday night with a 10 year old and an infant and it was easy and laid back. Highly recommend and will definitely be back next time we are in town!
3	The service is quick and friendly but the food is not at good as I expected. I ordered a prickly pear margarita which it stated on the drink menu was made with "fresh fruit." I have only sent two drinks back in my life and this is one them. It was Too sweet, like drinking straight syrup. Even after letting it sit and waiting for the ice to water it down i still could not drink it. The food was not the best presentation either. Very marginal. I have never had random cabbage and steamed vegetables in my spanish rice before. Definitely not a place to go for a healthy meal. Though their shrimp was good.
4	We stopped in for happy hour on a Friday afternoon and were not disappointed. The place is popular and filled quickly. Many were regulars who were well known to the staff. We had excellent service from waitress and busboy both of whom were very attentive. I like the chips and had too many. The lunch menu was still available (until 5) and my wife had her usual: pollo fundido.  I had a beef flauta for something different. It was ok but I plan on a burrito next time. I had margaritas. I ordered them from the happy hour menu. I noticed that the lunch margarita is 50 cents less but the computer charged the higher price. It barely matters but it is a small aggravation. We will be back. Several places do fancier tex-mex but we enjoy this occasionally.
2	If give this place three stars but for the guacamole.    I love guacamole but not with jalapenos in it.   Almost everything I wanted jalapenos in it I know it's a Mexican restaurant but they didn't have to smother everything with it.   Chimichanga was good but that too had jalapenos and what gives.  I love Mexican food but this was so overly spiced I couldn't finish it.   I will go back though and give it a second try it could've been just a cook that was on that day
3	Let me say first off, my girlfriend and I go here probably once a week.  Why 3 stars then?  Lately their service has been slow and they haven't been able to get how we order our food.  it's not rocket science really.   They have a two rolled taco plate that we get all the time.  Lately we've been cutting our portions so we'll order a la cart.  One rolled taco with rice and beans.  We then ask them to put them in the oven so the cheese is melted (like the normal menu item).  What do they do?  They end up putting both on one plate with one serving of rice and beans.  When we explain to them that's not how we wanted it (twice now), they bring back two full servings to both of us with two rolled tacos each..    So we eat one and then there's wasted food.Again, we love the food.  Delicious.. but something working these last few times.
1	Service was ok. But this is literally someOf the worst food I've ever eaten in my life. We ordered chicken enchiladas with rice & beans and a combo plate of a beef enchilada and beef taco. Both were absolutely disgusting. It was a soupy mess. The enchiladas were just thrown together with watery chicken and literally Covered in huge globs of gross cheese melted on the top. The green sauce had no flavor and was watery as well. The beef enchilada was the same. So watery it was literally dripping off the plate. Rice & beans tasted like it had been sitting out the whole day. All around just gross we will never be back.
3	Returned for a second try.  Waitress was very very nice everything came out timely no big wait. However this time it wasn't as spicy it was The first time.  Must be different cooks.    One of the people I was with did not like it because he said it was not authentic and I guess he should know as he's Mexican. However I did not think it was bad I thought it was pretty good and so did the other person I was with.     So if you don't mind it not being an authentic authentic Mexican restaurant then I would give it a try because it really tasted pretty good
4	Our granddaughters always like for us to bring them to Carlos O'Briens.  This trip, as others was a pleasant evening.  My husband tried their chili.  He wasn't sure about getting chili in a Mexican restaurant, but found it was different and really good.  The granddaughters liked the chips and salsa probably best of all.  Great salsa and nice fresh chips.  Our meals were all good and of large proportions.  We took enough home with us for the girls parents to eat take out at home.  Granddaughters also had dessert which was a large chocolate chips cookie, nice and warm, with a couple of scoops of ice cream on top.  What they didn't finish of the large dessert, my husband finished before we left the restaurant.  We will definitely be back.
1	Their Happy Hour just changed- Everything cost more and they got rid of a lot of their food specials. Even prices on drinks have gone up especially pitchers of Modelo, so beware before ordering drinks if you've been there before. Sticker shock on your Check!
2	Skip this place. Looking around, I would guess they must be just making it.  The service is lacking. They seem understaffed. The chips and salsa were good. The chicken fundido was average.  I guess it's the empty glasses that sit unfilled, and the mediocre margaritas that earn the 2 stars. The soda was flat, and most of the plates in my party are less than half eaten.  I'm sure at some point they had a good reputation but the current service and level of food is below average.
3	Dinner after shopping for a bday gift.  We had, rather I had an easier time deciding on something here.  My company was great so it made waiting for the server to stop by to simply take a drink order a little easier.  We waited about 15 minutes for a first approach and I only know that because of the time Happy Hour ended.  The food was yummy and certainly made me glad we stopped in here cuz it's been years since we've dined at a Carlos O'Brien's.  Salsa, guac, the Asada -all very good.  Would have given a higher rating but service was just slacking.  Server had two tables and then blamed the bartender for being slow.
3	This used to be one of our favorite Mexican restaurants in North Scottsdale area. We were here the other night and the quality just isn't the same. There are some renovations needed, staff wasn't in the best of moods and the food was just so so. Rumor has it they're selling this location soon though
5	Excellent food and service. Easy parking and great location. Some of the best Mexican food I've had in a while. Definitely recommend
