5	After I saw the miracle Jack performed on my boyfriend's carpets (not going to go into detail, but it really was a miracle), I kept Jack's number on file. I called on him to clean my carpets and it was everything I could hope for and more. He was right on time, thorough, worked quickly, very affordable, and really was a genuinely happy guy. I had 2 bedrooms and a great room cleaned and I think my total was about $80.00 or so. He cleaned all the spots and my carpet has remained in good shape (it's been a couple of months). I would refer Happy Jack to anyone looking for a carpet cleaning service!
5	Have used Jack many times...has always been stellar work.
5	I called Happy Jack's Carpet Cleaning because my Mom was raving about the transformation in her neighbor's very stained, very dirty carpet. She couldn't believe that Jack got EVERYTHING out! She said "It looks brand new!". But' it gets even better because... The very day I called him he drove 40 miles to come & look at my carpeting!!! Who is this guy - same day service, nice, prompt, well groomed & yes, he is happy! Anyway, this carpet is in a rental I own and the renter was in there for 7 years. He moved in with 3 boys and periodically moved his brother (& his brother's kids) in and out and a few years ago, he remarried. Did I mention that the bride had 2 teenagers? Woops, almost forgot the dog! In all that time, they never cleaned the carpet. So, now they are gone & I really thought that nothing could be done for the poor, abused carpeting & that I should just put it out of its misery. It truly was utterly disgusting.  But Jack said he was sure he could hugely improve it, and the price he quoted me was so unbelievable that I figured I had to give it a try. So today he showed up & told me to give him about 3 hours, so I left to run errands. When I came back 3 hours later he wasn't quite done so I left again. Altogether it took him 4 hours BUT I absolutely know that it was because the carpet was so horrid & he was determined to transform it. Did he complain? Give up? Ask me for more money? No, no and no. He just worked his tail off till it was done and done superbly. I was truly amazed at what I came home to. I actually wrote him a check for MORE than the agreed upon price because he doesn't even charge enough in the first place! Then to top it off he completely floors me (floors me - get it? LOL). I had forgotten what color the carpeting actually was and it was sooooo clean & fresh that I secretly was wondering if somehow he had magically installed new carpeting while I was gone (I watch all that conspiracy theory stuff). I am so grateful that there are still businesses around that have these kind of work ethics and integrity and I hope he gets a TON of business and becomes very rich & blessed because he really, really deserves that. Thank you Jack. Oh, one more thing, At first I thought the "Happy" in the name of the company was a description of him and I still do. But I actually think it is more descriptive of how he makes his customers feel. Just really, really happy! Thanks a million Jack!
5	He was prompt and was able to schedule me in fairly quickly. He scrubbed for quite a while where the dog had an accident. I think he is priced well too.
