5	I had the misfortune of having and abnormal pap since then have recently spent a lot of time in this office. I cannot remember the actual doctor I was slated to see, but he was unavailable so I was given Shelley Cross the PA. I cannot sing her praises loud enough. She took a very scary experience and turned it in to a normal process to go through. She took so much time to explain everything to me, from the precancerous cells in my body to the actual procedure to remove them. Her attention to detail and kindness were amazing.  She followed up with me personally and called a few times to check on my recovery. I would recommend her to anyone. The entire staff in this office really helped to turn a not so pleasant experience in to something bearable.
1	let me begin by talking true racism and unethical medical pratices, i came to this office because i was referred by a family member , so i went in with my sister to see Dr. Jenny Rau, we came in to see if i can get a check-up and see if a medical ceritficate can be issues if i am ok to fly overseas , i am currently 32 weeks pregnant.we confirmed with them numerous times what would be the right procedure to get a ceritifcate (we dont mind if they said yes or no , with whatever they find and if they think i was unfit  to fly), so we left since they said we should be able to fly under 36 weeks with no problem, but when we got home and checked the website for cathay pacific they required a medical certificate if you are at 27 weeks and 6 days.so i received a miss call the next morning and called back and was directed to the office manager NICOLE W. and she started going off that our intentions are wrong and how we refused to pay 1600 for the visit (when all we did was clarify how much would a wellness visit be) and that we are not going to jeoperdize their practice and how we are trying to trick them to sign a document and end up being liable if anything happens, and that (here goes) YOU CANNOT GET AWAY WITH THIS IN THIS COUNTRY... and i was in shock when being attacked that way and how she had witnesses on the trouble we did at the doctors office the day before and she has witnesses, i was appalled because this was all false, my sister has been seeing the the last 3 years  and how they made that judgement call surpised us. then she said you sound like your smart and you know what you are doing so you should know how this works, what got me was i am not the doctor here i am a patient that is why the past month a half i called to clarify these things because " I AM NOT A DOCTOR" money is not an object we dont mind paying if we have to , if i am not able to fly and will ahve to deliver here that is fine, i am a cash paying patient and have no intention of using any state medical assistance of payment plans with them if the time came i would have to deliver in phoenix. Then Nicole goes off i cant keep repeating myself this conversation is over and hangs up.so i have consulted with my sisters attorney and we are filing a complaint against them with the az medical board and the attoney general . on the brighter side we spoke with arrowhead oby gyn and they will gladly accept us and make any assesment possible, and they are going to take me in this afternoon with no problems so we can make any necessary arrangements if a flight needs to be cancelled.i am disappointed with what happened , you would think educated individuals would handle the situation better and in a more professional manner. all she had to do was take a breathe and approach the situation , i think being condescending is not the way to solve a problem. i hope all can understand where we are coming from , i felt like a 90 mph fast ball came at me out of nowhere, and all we wanted to to was ask what would be a good idea and they just started making biased conclusions against me.no my sister was always wondering why their waiting area is so empty and the carpets has black spots all over the place , i guess their priority is geared more on to bullying patients more than anything.
1	The doctor is very very very old fashioned. I had the Mariana put in before I moved to Michigan and loved it! When I was having some issues and cramping (Since it was my first 3 months of the birth control) I decided to visit this doctor to make sure everything was alright. Needless to say the Doctor was appalled that I had this form of birth control and did not have a child. She was completely against my decision, and made it perfectly clear everything she had to say had a bias.
5	I went to Dr Micah at OBGYN Consultants to remove and replace a mirena IUD that had gotten "lost" when the strings could no longer be located. I was very nervous about the procedure, because the original mirena insertion had been painful. Dr. Micah and his assistant, Nicole, were great. They were very calm and clearly explained the process. They offered a local numbing agent and took other creative steps to make the process easier for me.  They were very professional. I wonder if Rachel's review is of a different business. She mentions Michigan and this office is in Arizona. In any event, no one even asked me about my choice to use mirena without having previously had a child, much less made any kind of judgment.
