2	I seem to always get up sold whenever I go to an Autobell. The problem is, I spend more money thinking I will get better service but it is never the case with autobell. This location was no different. Stick with the normal cleaning packages and it is well worth the money. Buy their upgrades and it is a waste.
4	I LOVE getting my car washed! It makes me feel happy and renewed! This location off Monroe road is extremely fast and they did a wonderful job shampooing my carpet and floor mats! The cost for this service is fair in comparison to other places who provide the same service. It takes them about 30 minutes, so bring a book and enjoy their clean waiting area. Also, save your receipt! If you need an oil change next door at valvoline, they will take 5 dollars off the price of an oil change for you!
2	Meh... I'm not that impressed. I got the "Manager's Special" which was supposed to be their best package. They did a really poor job vacuuming and there were still dirty spots on my car. I pointed this out to the employee and he didn't do much to fix it. He said the vacuums couldn't get all the dirt off my mats... Really? My Dyson could. He just took a towel and swept the dirt off the seats onto the carpet... Umm thanks? For $30, I could do a better job in my garage. I won't be back.
4	A representative for Autobell reached out to me about the poor visit I experienced my first time around. They apologized and invited me back to try them again. It turned out a lot better the second time. They spent a lot more time tending to the details that bothered me about my first visit. I hope that the quality of wash and experience this time is the norm. I guess we'll find out on my next visit. A few tips... I would recommend trying to visit them at off times. They can spend more time with your car when there aren't 10 cars in line waiting. I'm not sure I'm totally sold on the "Manger's special." I think I'm going to stick with the regular wash from now on. I do recommend adding the armor all for dash and tires. It adds a nice touch to making the car feel extra clean and shiny. If you have any problems with your experience, let a manager know! The manager, Tim, was genuinely grateful for the feedback and wanted to ensure a good experience.
5	Great shop.  Been coming here for years and they always get it right. Turnaround ten to fifteen minutes for most trips depending on how busy it is.  Get the super poly and drive off happy.
