5	This gorgeously restored theater just hosted Jeffrey Combs' one-act Edgar Allen Poe play for two nights as part of Fantasia. What a beautiful place! They serve drinks at the bar in back at reasonable prices for you to sip while watching plays on comfy velvet seats. There should be more theaters like this -- the world would be better for it. I hope it does well, and am glad to see it reconverted to a performing arts space from a steak house.
5	Just an incredibly beautiful and beautifully restored space for bands, performing arts and even weddings and special functions.The building is a national historic site originally constructed in the 1920s inspired by the Paris Opera House. It functioned as a movie theatre until the 90s, and was finally restored and opened as a performance space in 2010. It's got this round design and gorgeous balcony that makes it feel intimate even when packed to capacity (approx 700.) It looks and sounds like the great age of theatre - all gold and sculpted details and red velvet - but remains true to the quirky diversity of the neighborhood by hosting a creative range of events with a welcoming attitude and an open mind.
5	I remember coming to the Rialto back in the late 1980's to see concerts like The Pixies and Bad Brains then it became a rep cinema and I saw "Watership Down", "Rocky Horror" and "101 Live" the documentary about Depeche Mode.Over the years, it's laid empty, became a steakhouse, and now has thankfully gone back to becoming a performance space. It's a beautiful old gem of a building, they certainly don't make'm like that anymore and is now considered a historic building.  With Le Spectrum gone and all these new spaces popping up backed by corporate money along with the corporate sterile atmosphere, I'm happy we've managed to hold on to the Rialto. It would be a crying shame if we lost it.
4	Beautifully restored theatre... Wait, is there an echo in here? I do agree though. Attended a private event here, and was impressed by the space. Certain elements were not well executed though. 4 stars is fair.
4	i was here for the raw: natural born artists event that took place wednesday evening.it is indeed a beautiful place with a balcony and a full bar. good sound and clean toilets. not something you find often in this kind of venue. the only thing i wasn't happy about is the reception. that could be a problem with my provider (virgin) but i couldn't get an internet signal at all (wifi, LTE) which was a big bummeras for the event, let's just say that it is interesting if you have no expectations (but i'm not here to review the event even if it's tempting to do so)anyway, i'd definitely go back for some concert or comedy show/standup
5	Wow!!! We stopped by the Rialto while spending a day perusing around Mille end and were blown away by this quaint little old style theatre! These venues are from a foregone time that harks back to almost 100 years ago when the world didn't have internet and live performances were the mystique of grandeur and spectacle! On this day they had a free showing of the Habs playoff game so you could just stroll in! We got a great view of the stage and looked up to the mezzanine! Amazing decor and detail that gives a feeling of appreciation and amazement! Super cool place!!!
