4	Probably the largest Asian grocery store in the area:  They have a huge supply of ramen (no, not maruchan *shakes fist*) and ingredients.  Though not as produce-centric as Far East, they have much more in terms of sauces, frozen food, and even cooking untensils.Don't miss out on grabbing some cuttle fish chips, crushed pear juice, and some frozen man doo, among the many things you can find here, but nowhere else.
5	Korean owned asian supermarket... they have fruit from California for a reasonable price. Reminds me of home.  Unlike Far East which is overstocked and overstuffed, Am-Ko has a clean sanitary feeling to it. This is how an asian super-market should be. Everything is approx a dime or two more than at Far East.... but it is less likely to be  passed the expiration date.
5	Am-Ko is the BEST! I've been going there since I was a kid (long time ago...heh) to get fun Asian snacks and ice cream treats. They have produce though, too, and it's very affordable. They have fish, they have tofu and kimchee, and they don't stop at Asian food -- there's some great Mexican, Arab, and Indian stuff there, too. They have really cute plates and cups for sale and I have been eyeing their pressure cookers lately -- they sell those, too. This place has all kinds of awesome stuff; treat yourself and check it out sometime.
5	The better of the two Asian grocery stores on/around campus.I especially like that they have the kitchen appliances you can't find in a typical grocery store (like mini rice cookers, hot water pots, electric hot pots, etc.), and lots of random drinks, candies, snacks, etc. like a traditional store in Asia.Their produce selection is probably smaller than Far East, but I still think you'd be able to find anything you could need here.  Plus, Am-Ko is just a much more pleasant place to shop as everything is organized well and it's just.... cleaner!
3	This normally would have been 5 stars, but I am a bit worried.  I remember going to Am-Ko as a kid.  We used to go when they had their home nearby on Green St.  I loved their selection of Asian candies, and I guess the kid in me won't quit, I still buy rice-candy from them along with my other asian food needs.  The two who owned this place were wonderful to get advice from and probably single-handedly changed how I cooked asian food.BUTIt appears the ownership has very recently changed???  I noticed a lot of produce was gone, and shelves were semi-bare.  In the back, which usually was closed off, I saw people cooking food for their dinner etc., it was very strange.  No one appears to be the same staff as little as a month ago.Does anyone know what happened to the great owners?  I remember the fellow's name was Mike, but for the life of me, I can't remember the woman's name.  They became a part of my life here in Champaign, and it's a bit of a loss that we now won't see each other when I go to purchase my goods.I'm worried that the produce and goods I've grown to love will no longer be available... time will tell.[I already noticed almost all the CD's, DVD's etc., are completely gone.]
4	I moved to Illinios from California so I've been looking for an Asian grocery store to get all of my Asian needs! Am-Ko definitely has a lot of Asian goods. It's definitely not as great as the ones I'm used to back home, but it does suffice for the time that I'm here. They have a variety of Asian goods, such as frozen foods, spices, snacks, alcohol, and cooking supplies. This is definitely the place to go if you need anything Asian in Champaign!
5	Great place for Asian fare, whether you're stocking a full fridge or just craving a slab of Hi-Chew. The whole place is cleaner and brighter than the other oriental stores around town. Prices are fair.
2	They have some great harder-to-find packaged items (melon bars - yes, please!), but they sold us a whole bagful of ROTTEN purple yams!!  What?!  We got home and started preparing them before we figured it out. GROSS.
4	Has almost everything I need for Korean, Chinese, and Japanese recipes, plus a few items from other Asian cuisines. Produce is limited, but dry goods are extensive. They also have a good selection of Sake and Soju, as well as inexpensive frozen Asian foods and bulk rice. What I can't find here I get at the Green Onion.
4	Like this place! It feels like  real market. Some of the prices are absolute bargain/basement. Great place to pick up some loose green tea and all of the accoutrements.
4	Moving here from California, I was expecting there to be nothing asian in Illinois. This small market was a huge surprise to me. As soon as I walked in, it reminded me of the asian markets in San Jose, California. The only thing that I can think of that this place does not have is fresh sea food. However, it wouldn't be fair for me to deduct a star entirely because of this. I deduct a star because of the lack of anything fresh. Fresh vegetable section is very limited. Fresh anything is very limited. If you need anything in a can, bottle, or rice sack this place has.
4	I bought Daikon radish here.  Well, I am pretty sure that is what I bought. They were out of it at Far East.  When I look it up on the web it is skinnier and white and more carrot like:  this was not quite the same thing, it looked more like an overgrown turnip and more tubular. I read it burns fat.  We shall see: I already need to go get more. They keep the coffee candy right next to the register.  I love the ginseng root in a cute little bottle.  Tastes like dirt.  I would like to repurpose the little bottles and fit them with corks. Paul and I also walked out with a 20lb bag of rice. We were told it will be sticky rice.  We are accustomed to long grain.  Seems to be the place for rice if it is a diet staple for you.
4	i super love you, amko for having ginormous bags of cumin and tahini and crazy low prices on tofu.  i like that i can get a lot of produce and peeled garlic and thai basil for relatively cheap -- and it looks and smells pretty fresh.  i like all the bulk grains and the flours.  my kids grew up in chicago, right off argyle and broadway, and they loved getting rice candy and panda cookies -- so coming to amko is like a little trip back home to them.  this store is cramped in a lot of good ways.  there is some serious inventory in here.  whether you need tiger balm or dieters tea or a half pound of ginseng -- you will find it here.  as someone who eats a plant based diet, i find that i can often shop for things here that i might pay double for in a health food store or meijer type store.worth checking out for sure if you haven't.
4	This place can be a lifesaver in a place like Chambana for anyone who regularly cooks asian food. For a small Asian market in a small midwestern town I didn't expect much but this place has aisle after aisle of essentials from most every asian ethnicity.  You need Chinese rice vinegar? Check. Japanese dashi? Check. Korean Gochujang? Check. What I usually have to make 3 trips for to find in different grocery stores this place has it all consolidated into one corner market. Gadgets, however, such as ice shavers to make your own bing su are grossly overpriced and should be bought online. But should I need to find shitake mushrooms or the good kind of ramen (you know what I'm talking about) then I will definitely be right here. I am only knocking one star for the slightly higher prices than other asian grocery stores (they can afford their own parking lot....hmmm.....) but we all know there is a price to pay for convenience.
4	A nice little Asian store that has a bunch of Asian stuff for those wanting to have some Asian flavor in their life. I was able to find the green tea that I was craving here.
1	Honestly...don't go here.People that have a business should know how to treat customers and the woman that works here absolutely does not.I have been to Am-Ko 3 times and that lady was rude to me each time.Since I know how it is to work at a store, I am always friendly to those that are working but whenever I smile at the woman, she feels the need to roll her eyes. She always throws a fit about how they have a $10 minimum to use a credit card even though I was paying with cash.I can understand having a bad day, but that woman is just terrible.The store itself is not the worst but it seems a little dirty. They have a good selection so I can't complain about that.Maybe the woman just has a grude against me that I don't know about but part of having a business is knowing how to treat the people that come to GIVE them business.In my opinion, make the trip to green onion instead. It's cleaner and they're much nicer.You'll get what you need, without having to deal with the nasty attitude.
3	Has some good drinks and snacks. Imagine will be pretty cool for Koreans to buy some delicate and hometown food.
5	Literally the best place for students and locals who want diversity in their food. They have ingredients and items from China, Korea, Japan, India, Vietnam, etc to name a few. It's also nice that they have Asian frozen meals (gyudon, bibimbap, etc) and other snacks for the people who can't be bothered to cook. Besides food, one aisle is dedicates to cookware and other household items and beauty products (no specific things like Korean BB cream though - just face masks and shampoo stuff). They also sell henna here! Although one thing to note is that they don't carry "fresh" meats. It's relatively local (trucked in weekly from Chicago), but since they're so small, they don't have a butcher section to do live cuts. All the meats, whether it's fish, chicken, beef, or pork is wrapped up and frozen. There is a halal meat section in the back corner freezer. Some of the stuff is overpriced, but some is also very cheaply priced (like the green tea ice cream or hard to find anywhere else produce like lemon grass), so it balances itself out. They have an amazing variety for what is a small store, and it's relatively near campus, so you're not sitting on the bus for an hour to head to Walmart or Green Onion. I did notice that they do have a $10 minimum for credit cards, but it's fair because it's an independent business and they have to pay a fee for processing credit cards. And like all Asian markets, it is mostly self-serve so don't expect the cashier to answer too many questions or help you look for something. Do your research and know what you're trying to buy!To get there, simply take the 120 Teal. It's just down the street from the stop at First and White.
