5	Splatter ranch is a fantastic desert terrain to play on with a great mix of washes, trees, shrubs, small houses.  The field is big and when there are enough people the full field is so big that each team can't see the other when the start.The referess are great at Splatter Ranch and it is the safest field I have been to.  This is the only field that I will bring my family to play.Be sure to check out the scenario games once a month if you like the idea of working together and using strategy, of course you can still just blast away at anything that moves if you want too.Be sure to look at the memberships if you play much and always buy the loyalty card for $2 because you get points for dollars spent and freebies every month.Im out there often, I'll point you in the right direction when paintballs are flyingStay Low..
5	Our first paintball experience and Splatter Ranch made it a great one! It was a friend's birthday and we had a group of 8, with the group rate we were able to get equipment (paintball gun, mask, chest protector, ammo container with belt) and 300 rounds of paint balls for only $32 each!  The staff was very friendly and explained the rules and tips prior to getting out on the field. They had a wide array of games, my favorite being capture the flag and split up the teams as close to fair as possible. They have referees all over the field so if you have a conflict you could tell them (although many people were cheating by staying on the field when they were obviously hit). Overall had a great time and they gave us a bunch of vouchers for 2 for one deals. They also have a ladies night at their indoor location which we plan on taking advantage of  in the near future. I felt like I was literally in a game of Call of Duty or Halo, it gets your adrenaline pumping for sure!
5	I brought my husband here as a form of Fun Exercise. And what a great one!! We had so much fun!  It was the first  paintball field I have been to. It was organized, had friendly staff, a large parking area and a very large field! Would definately recommend this location!!!
5	This place is great! I am a paintball player from Hawaii, and this is definitely better than anything we have here.  This field was huge.  There are two woodsball fields on Oahu, neither is as large as this.  I was very happily surprised.  The staff is very professional and organized.  Really nice guys, and knew their stuff, and put safety first.  I went in December, when it was cool, so it was pretty good. during the summer, it must be killer out there.  I went with two novice cousins, and the staff and other players were very good to them.  The thing that blew me away the most is the organization of the field.  Everything from the waiver signing, to the equipment handling and game running.  They have a timer clock that runs to make sure that you can fit in a good amount of games in a day, as well as have enough rest (10 minutes) in between rounds.  Chrono check before EVERY game, which I applaud to keep people honest.  Once out on the field, they run 2 games before heading back out, which I love, because its perfect to play, not super long run time to make you exhausted, but long enough to make the walk to the field worth it.  I also love that they have the dead box on the field, a safe place to take off your mask, on longer game stretches, its a luxury to be able to take off your mask and rest.  The field paint is pretty decent quality, not Evil or Dye CG, but definitely better than the $30 walmart/sports authority stuff.  They also have a little stand where you can buy Pretzels, hot dogs or hamburgers and drinks, which is nice.  Overall, this field is definitely the best that I have been to so far, and I will try to always come here when I stop by in AZ.
5	The paint goes faster than you think! Make sure you stock up before you hit the field!
