2	Went here for Girls Night Out(which is offered only on Mondays) because everyone I've talked to said that the best items at TMP were the cheese fondue and the dessert, and that the entree is nothing special(takes a LONG time to cook the meat, for instance). Girls Night Out offers the cheese fondue, a salad, and dessert fondue for only $16 per person which is pretty darned reasonable, considering the price of a full meal(which can range from $80-90 per couple for all five courses). Specialty drinks are $5 this night, as well(although I wasn't in love with either of the two I tried). We had the Wisconsin Trio for the cheese, which was okay...but nothing fabulous. My friend said that they had the Cheddar Cheese last time, and it was lackluster. I had a nice salad, but nothing I couldn't do at home. We chose the Original chocolate for dessert(a mix of milk chocolate and peanut butter). This was good, but when ISN'T melted chocolate yummy? I do wish that they had given us more fresh fruit and less desserty-stuff to dip. It's not like the picture on the website where it's a heap of bright fruits. There were four small banana slices and about 2-3 strawberries sliced. The rest was pound cake, brownie, marshmallow, rice crispy treat, etc... All in all, it was a fun evening, but nothing overly-delicious. I would do Girls Night again mostly for female bonding time, and not the food.They seem to have a special for every night, so check the website. Also book ahead. I called three weeks in advance and they had THREE times left open.
3	The melting pot is a fun once-in-a-while experience. It's very social and people who have been here before get to feel like they're showing newbies something, which gives you something extra to chat about.However, it is no culinary feat by any means. Melt cheese + dipped bread = yummy. Melt chocolate + dipped marshmallow = yummy. Duh. I've been here for the discounted ladies night and a bachelorette party where they gave use a huge discount too. I can't imagine paying $80 for a couple here, but I guess people do. When folks pay full price for a full meal, the melting pot is laughing all the way to the bank. I think a lot of people who are big fans get in on their discount club thing.The service is SLOW, which can be nice or annoying depending on the type of experience you want.
1	Nice idea but not so great if you're vegetarian. Wasn't keen on the wine list. Wasn't keen on the non-meat options. Felt somewhat grimy to me.
4	My wife and I chose the Melting Pot for "Date Night" and had a wonderful meal, though it was not without room for improvement. The hostess greeted us warmly, but we still had to wait until 10 minutes after our reservation time to receive a table. Our waiter was very friendly, though if we asked questions that were not on his training script, he seemed a bit lost. We ordered a cheese fondue and shared an entree and the accompanying salad. We planned to order dessert but were simply too full. The cheddar cheese fondue was tasty. However, it promised swiss and cheddar, but was quite skewed towards the cheddar. Wine would have made a better ingredient than the beer they use. The house salad with Tangy Sweet dressing was flavorful and fresh. Our entree - the Pacific Rim - offered pork, beef, chicken, shrimp, pot stickers, and even duck. The wide variety of batters and sauces made for nearly infinite combination possibilities.  I hope I can remember next time that I did enjoy the beef by far the best. If the management put their waitstaff in collared shirts they likely could achieve the level of elegance that the decor strives for; the long-sleeved T-shirts seem out of place. The men's bathroom was filthy - a slight step above Interstate rest-stop. Despite these minor flaws, we never felt rushed in the nearly 3 hours we spent here and the fondue seemed to engender continuous conversation. We will most certainly return.
2	The food was good, and it was a fun experience to share with friends, but I have to say, it's WAY overpriced.  We spent $120 for two people, and we were not full.  In our opinion, it's not worth the money.
2	My husband and I decided to check out TMP after hearing much ado about it from friends - and we had a coupon.  Overall, I can't say tha the menu was anything special.  The food was good, but, for the price we paid (even WITH coupon), neither my husband nor I was enamored enough to say we'd go back.  Our waiter was great.  The drinks were smooth.  The booth they put us is nice and quiet, but crowded with everything they put on the table.In the survey questions, for attire, I'd say dressy.  Not a restaurant I'd go to in jeans and a tshirt - tho there were people who were.  Be un-American and dress up a little.Nice to try once, but, can't say we'll be back unless its with people who really want to try it.
5	"A once in a lifetime experience...that I re-live each month I go there." I love the Melting Pot. I will be honest, it is quite pricey, but it's somewhere you got for a special occasion or on a date. Its cosy and romantic, plus the whole experience is fun. I love the fiesta cheese, house salad and the yin yang desert (best of both worlds). It takes about 2 hours and then some to dine there, so it's a night out all together. You will feel stuffed after your done, my boyfriend always thinks it's "not that much food," but he is always full after the 2nd course! But don't think you won't be able to save room for desert, I always feel that I will be too full, but you will get a second wind once the strawberries, bananas, cheesecake, pound cake and marshmallows come out to your table. Almost forgot, we always have great service, it's part of the whole experience, but we always have great conversations with the servers.
5	I think the people knocking the price or the simplicity of the food just don't get it.  Obviously you don't go to a place like this for the food itself, it's for the experience.  Could I make fondue at home?  Maybe, but the logistics of serving 5 different meats with 7 different sauces as the 3rd course of a 4 course meal would be a total nightmare.Anyway, my girlfriend and I just went here to celebrate Valentine's day.  They had a four course meal as the special.  Started out with a cheese dish, we went with the fiesta cheddar.  Tasted pretty good, although we asked for it medium-hot (the server adds jalepeno to taste), and it didn't seem spicy to me at all.  For salad, we got the caprese, which was mainly giant tomato slices with fresh mozzarella- despite being out of season, the tomatoes tasted great.The main course was a platter with filet mignon, lobster tail, pork tenderloin, chicken breast, and shrimp (4 pieces of each, although each piece was big enough to be 2 bites).  We went with the coq a vin cooking broth, as it seemed the best for first-timers like us.  The meats came with 7 sauces - butter and lemon for the lobster, cocktail sauce for the shrimp, terayaki, plum sauce, curry sauce, a bleu cheese-like sauce, and a cream cheese-sour cream-chive mixture.  The combination of meats and sauces basically made each bite a different taste - the variety is amazing here.  The only down part was the chicken which seemed a bit dry and flavorless to me.  I was surprised by how good the pork was - I am a steak lover and I think I placed the pork above the filet.For dessert we went with the cappuccino milk chocolate.  It came with the vast selection of sweets - bananas, strawberries, pineapple, marshmallows, pound cake, brownies, and cheesecake.  Don't think I could pick a favorite - all were delicious.  We didn't use all the chocolate, but it was still a ton of dessert.To go with our meal we got a bottle of chardonnay recommended by the server - probably the best I've had.  Our server was great - he seemed very knowledgeable and friendly.  All in all, we were there for over 2 hours, and it barely felt like that because we were having such a great time.  Total bill came to $170 with tax/tip, but it was worth every penny for a great night out.
3	If you go with an open mind and don't mind paying around $120 for two people, you will enjoy it. Our waitress was very friendly and accommodating for our three course meal. Good for special occasions, but not somewhere to go on a regular basis. Perfect for a first date or a blind date!
2	The food is very tasty.  The service was acceptable.  The building itself was quite nice.  The biggest problem is the prices are astronomical and the portions a bit small.  I was here for a party of eight people and the final tab was over 650 dollars and nobody drank alcohol.  We got starters, main course, and desserts.  If they increase portion size or cut about 40% off the prices, I would go back.
5	Very prompt and attentive service. We only had dessert but it was a good experience. Loved the decor as it seems to be a bit newer compared to other locations I've been to.
3	It was fun. If you're looking for fondue in Madison you could do worse (well, not really...I am actually not so sure you could do at all!). The portions are quite large, so if it's just two of you, I think you probably won't want to eat all of the courses or at least plan to leave a bit behind every time. I know we did and I was still pretty full at the end. After all, who is going to say no to using up all of the melted chocolate at the end???!!!
5	Cheese and chocolate + things to dip in them? Sign me up! A longtime fondue fan, this place was PERFECT for my recent bachelorette night. It worked for the meat-eaters, the vegetarians, the bird-like eaters, and the food-shovellers. Yummy food, a fun environment and a really great set of waitresses! I love it here!
3	Maybe I'm just a person who's just not crazy about cheese dip. I think one or two appetizers with special cheesy melts are great, but not when you have three courses of bread dipping cheese melt, vegetable dipping cheese melt, and meat dipping cheese melt. Honestly, I think the bread and cheese dip is great and maybe the vegetables and cheese, but I'd much rather have quality meat on its own (I don't think Melting Pot's meat is that quality though). Chocolate fondue is great too, but that's something you can make at home. Just melt a Hershey's chocolate bar and dip fruit or crackers into it.Service is great at the Melting Pot and the fondue concept is neat, but the food is just meh.
1	This place absolutely sucks.  This coming from somebody who is easily pleased while dining out.   I recently went again after trying it a number of years ago.   Same experience.But hey, if you really enjoy a condescending wait staff, a piece of dried out bread with cheese, 3 oz of steak, 2 oz of chicken, and 1/2 of a rice crispy treat that is cut into 8 tiny pieces with some chocolate, all of which is to be split between 2 people for $80+ this is definitely your place!It's the ultimate rip off.  I can't believe I went back.  I'm a fool.And to the review claiming it's about "the experience" and people complaining about the price "don't get it", you're right.  I don't get it.   I'm not sure about others, but no experience at the melting pot could possibly make me feel content with paying $80 for $6.50 worth of food.   Sorry.   I'd suggest Granite City if you're trying to find places in the area, or the McDonalds next door.
4	First fondue experience.  Could have used a little more instruction but it was fun.  I think it would be a great place for a double date, or with just a couple friends.  I usually dislike to see a premium on food you cook yourself, but this wasn't bad.
4	Had a great birthday dinner here.  It's a splurge but I had a Groupon that made it doable.  We had a great server and the manager was very friendly.Meat quality seems to be mentioned in every review.  I'm a picky foodie; at home I cook from scratch with good quality local, organic, grass-fed beef, organic happy chickens, etc.  The meat we were served was good quality and sliced well for fondue dipping.  Were I to guess I'd say USDA choice.  It's lean meat though, and from mostly from mild cuts that aren't very tough to begin with and won't toughen up if you leave them in the pot for too long.  So you really want to use the sauces they provide.  Also ask for salt and salt your meat before cooking.What I really liked was how food-sensitivity/allergy friendly they are.  One of my dining companions has multiple food sensitivities and both the server and manager were awesome in making sure that we ordered properly.  The whole restaurant seems very well set up for protecting against cross contamination.I also asked about gluten-free dining if only one person in a small party was GF and the rest of the table wanted to eat gluten.  They said the best thing to do is to make a reservation 3-4 days out and let them know that you'll need to be seated at a table with 2 burners so that one person can have a pot that doesn't get cross-contaminated.
4	So I've had a few great experiences at the Melting Pot, and I do have to say I always enjoy a good fondue.This is a great special occasion/date place and heads up...a little pricey. I was leaning towards a 3 star rating, but because of the exceptional service I received from the Manager on duty "Danielle" I bumped it up to a 4 star rating for my overall experience. I enjoyed that "Danielle" came around to my table and asked how everything was and if we were on a special occasion, I replied yes (since we were), and later after dessert she stopped back at our table and gave us 3 large chocolate covered strawberries to go, on the house as a "congrats on your special occasion". I appreciate that! That is grade A+ service. My favorite part of the Melting Pot is the dessert.In all honesty I enjoy going just for bread/cheese and dessert. It's just the right amount of food to still feel full after leaving here.Just a tip----I've found out that if you do not have enough dipping vegetables, bread, or desserts and still have fondue left, you are able to ask for a few more dipping items usually free of charge.Also, if you ever feel like tortilla chips with your bread/veg cheese fondue, just ask and they will bring you out some. I enjoy this with the fiesta fondue.
3	The Melting Pot and I have had a long love story.  Most of the time it seems like a Lifetime story.  I have been a fan of fondue for several years.  While it tends to be more of a special occasion rather than casual occurrence, we have gone twice in the past 3 months.  The first time was in April.  I had been to several Melting Pots before.  I have never been overly impressed by this one in Madison but my husband and I decided to go last April.  Terrible decision.  Apparently, it was THE night to go!  We had 6 o'clock reservations.  We arrived a couple of minutes early.  We waited nearly ten minutes to get seated, all the while walk-in groups and couples were being seated.  I had to make a point to remind them that we had reservations.  When they finally got around to seating, we were once again seated in an area with "couple" types seats.  They are small, awkward and we specifically requested not to be seated there.  However, that was all that available (though we had a reservation).  It is so weird to sit next a person.  This was not our first date.  I was not hear to kiss and cuddle.  I am there to have dinner.  The service took so long.  They were clearly understaffed.  However, it got to the point where we were waiting twenty minutes between each course.  I was so turned off by this experience.  On this occasion we went because we had a Groupon so we decided to make a special trip.  We were applied automatic gratuity.  Now, I am a good tipper and if I want to tip 18% for terrible service, I would.  However, I did not want to do this and was extremely upset by this.Upon returning home, I immediately contacted this location.  I received no response and two weeks later sent another email.  FINALLY, I received a call from a manager.  I did not want anything free, I just wanted acknowledgement.  They were attentive but at the same time really could not care.  Without asking, they sent us a dip certificate.  So my husband and I decided to go again.  Just give them the benefit of the doubt.  This time the service was a complete 180!  The hostess was talkative and friendly.  The waiter was prompt and on-time.  We were stuck, again, in those terrible booths.  However, the service was so much better.  I am not sure if I will go again.  Honestly, the service is just not as good as other locations that I have experienced.  I feel better about this experience but it does not have the same class level as other locations.  The manager on duty did give us a complimentary box of strawberries for our anniversary.  This visit got a 5, the first got a 1.  Therefore, let's average it out at a 3.
4	Been here a few times. Never disappointed. A little more expensive then I like to spend so I don't get to go much. But you never leave hungry. I don't think id ever go unless I had a coupon but when I do I try to find a way to go. Staff has been friendly in all visits.
2	My first experience with melting pot was dinner at the original melting pot opened by the Johnston brothers in Tallahassee in 1979. It was wonderful. The food was fresh and plentiful, furnishings unpretensious, servers genuinely eager to please. And affordable. WOW - have things changed. My last trip was $150 and I left feeling taken. The charm is gone, replaced by modern day greed. Small portions served in an atmosphere designed to squeeze out every penny.  Now I enjoy my fondue at home. Such a shame!
2	This review came really close to receiving only one star, but it was saved by the desert, which I'll get to later.We had never tried this place before, as we had heard that it was largely a bit pricey for what you receive. We decided to try it out today for restaurant week. The hostess was super friendly and got us in right away. She was the single most knowledgeable person we dealt with. The waitress came to the table and asked if we had dined there before. She clearly didn't understand our response of no, as she didn't bother to explain any part of the service to us. It's not even like fondue is rocket science, but it'd have been nice to know what came with our choice, and if the salad came out before or after the cheese. (Pro-tip, it's after). We were there for lunch and got the "Spinach and Artichoke" fondue. She brought out a tray of stuff, and mixed everything in without asking us any questions or explaining anything. Worse, she didn't even add all the cheese that she had brought out. She immediately left without explaining what product she had left in front of us. When we finally got her back over, we asked where the meat was. Turns out there's no meat in the lunch portion, which would have been great to know BEFORE WE FREAKING ORDERED. Very underwhelming. We also asked for more ingredients and were brought exactly 2 pieces of extra bread and 3 tomatoes. Gee, thanks. Finally our salads came out. I had an over dressed Caesar salad with practically raw, hardened, and greasy bacon. I did not finish it and even said I didn't enjoy it, and she did/said nothing. He got the watermelon salad which is clearly trying to get on the current foodie train. It was edible at the very least and the dressing was enjoyable. But I can't imagine that anyone enjoys half a pound of raw red onions on anything. Next came desert, which was in a word astounding. Literally the **only** enjoyable aspect of this experience. The Dark/Dulce fondue was heavenly. The salt on top made it just shy of divine. Again though, we asked for additional ingredients as we still had half a pot of chocolate and were brought 3 bananas (why the fuck would you bring an odd number of anything to a couple? I love him, but that does NOT mean that I'm willing to share) and 3 pieces of pound cake. Even though Restaurant Week brought the price down to $15 per person, which is stupid considering the small portion of cheese you get (or we got), it was still over expensive for what we received. I can not imagine coming back.
4	We went here for Restaurant Week in Madison since the Melting Pot is pretty pricey. He'd been here before and this was my first time. We were pretty impressed with the service and all the food.   They had us seated in the area called "Lovers Lane" which are small booths lined up next to each other in a very intimate setting.  Very cute. Our server was very helpful in the different suggestions for us.  We asked for the wine pairing that came with the Restaurant Week menu (3 wines for $10!), but due to some misunderstanding, she brought out three wines she thought would compliment the foods and not the wines that were on the menu for the Restaurant Week.  But it was a great misunderstanding! I wish those were the wines on the Restaurant Week menu. I'm not a big alcohol person. I enjoy an occasional glass, but since our wedding is coming up and we want wine/beer bar at the wedding, this misunderstanding led us to a great wine!Anyway, we ended up doing the 4 course option. We chose to do the Wisconsin Trio as the first course.  A great blend of butterkase, fontina, and blue cheese with a sherry and white wine base and herbs.  For the salad, I had the Crab Louis, which was delicious. Great mix of crab, avocado, lettuce, and dressing.  He had the Watermelon Feta Salad - watermelon with feta cheese and red onions and a vinagrette.  Refreshing and tasty!  Never knew that sort of mix would be so great together! A wonderful summer salad! My entree was the American Classic and his was a Vegetable platter - we chose the Mojo as our soup base.  And for the chocolate/dessert, we had the Dark and Dulce Chocolate Fondue.  The entire meal was great! What a great dining experience!
3	I would probably rate this place higher if not for the price. Holy cow, is it expensive to eat here! I was here for a bachelorette party this past weekend and spend $50 just on myself...definitely not in the small budget I have. The food was pretty good, as was the service (minus the 20 minutes we waited to get our chocolate dessert fondues). They have a special "bridal shower menu" where you get a cheese fondue, salad, petite fondue and chocolate fondue for $25 each. There were 2 tables of ladies, and each table had 2 pots so we got to try a lot. For cheese we had the fiesta, Wisconsin trio, Melting Pot cheddar cheese, and spinach artichoke. My favorite was the Wisconsin trio - it's so yummy with green apples. I think we sampled each salad between us all. I chose the Spinach mushroom salad. It was good, but would've been so much better with a warm dressing. I didn't really hear any complaints about anyone else's salad. The entrees were yummy as well. Mine came with small portions of chicken, shrimp and steak. One woman at our table was served a shrimp that had not been deveined yet, but the restaurant made up for it by giving her 5 extra to replace the 1. The broth you cook the meat in is super yummy and smells so good. The sauces they come with are pretty good too, there's so many of them you're bound to find one you like.Then for the dessert. This was my favorite part (obviously). Between us all we had the s'mores, regular, and dark chocolate dulce de leche. They were all delish! Like I said, save for the atrocious price, I would definitely rate this place higher. While you are served a lot of food, it's just out of the budget for a regular night out.
