1	What a complete shithole!  Sorry....but damn!  The food was nasty in the restaurant and not one person was winning anything.  It also stunk like a huge butt inside!
5	This is one of the Station Casinos...it is across the street from Texas Station. It is definitely for locals...many of whom live across the street in a rundown former motel turned into apartments or some nearby trailer park. I go here for the $1.49 breakfast which is awesome. You get two eggs, bacon or sausage, hash browns, and toast. Spend the extra $4 and order a pretty good Bloody Mary. There is usually a wait for a table in the coffee shop and the people who frequent Wildfire seem like "circus folk." But, the breakfast is worth the wait, for the price, and you get quite a "show" while you eat.
4	Before a few months ago, Wildfire was the type of scummy locals casino you avoided like a scummy bar where people's tattoos were bigger than their brains. So that 2007 review by Wesley was accurate.However, Stations Casinos finished their takeover and completely renovated the place top to bottom this summer. And the difference is truly night and day. Thus, Carrie's review in May is also accurate. But as clean as the renovations are, the biggest renovation has to be one of the nicest and hard-working staffs I have ever seen in this town. The cordiality, smiles and willingness to help from the folks in the restaurant to the bowling alley actually reminded me more of Disneyland than a local casino.And the great thing about great service is it always makes everything else seem better. The food at the restaurant wouldn't be described as top notch, but the great service made it all the better. So did the fact you could get a dinner, soup or salad and a desert for just $10. While smaller than most of the mega bowling alleys we see in the Vegas area, the technical gizmos in the Wildfire lanes was top notch, complete with speed guns to show how fast you were throwing the ball. Kids had a great time.
2	Going into this review, you should know I'm basing this review on what I expect a really locals-only gaming place should be. I found myself at the Wildfire because there were some dudes working on my car down the street from there. Seeing as it was going to take them an hour to get me going again, I decided to walk out to the Wildfire. I don't know what I was expecting, but this place is really small. It's just a casino, so there's no hotel portion like Texas Station or Arizona Charlie's or anything like that. As such, the place is really small and there aren't (currently) any restaurants like the aforementioned properties. And I say (currently) because there's a burger place there about to open up, it seems. Since the place is gaming-only and has a bar, I should write more about that... except there really isn't much to write about. The bar is small, and the gaming area is small, too. I spent about 20 mins and $10 there, and I don't really have a lot to say about it. Would I return? I guess, but the Texas across the way would be a much better bet.
5	Saw the billboards for the Wild Burger and thought I would give it a try.  Very glad I did.Service was slow.  It took a while for the two people in front of me to make their order.  Once I ordered and sat down, about 10 minutes passed before I got my order.  But it was worth the wait.Ordered the 1/2 lb angus burger on wheat bun.  The burger was large and impressive.  The bun was fresh and sturdy.  The meat was juicy and flavorful.  I ordered it medium, but was cooked well done.  The chef came out to talk with the customers and said they are working on cooking the hand made patties with more precision.  I was surprised how much flavor was in just the patty.  The toppings were fresh, and the pickles were large.  Ordered it with a side of 1000 island, which was made fresh and also tasted great.  The fries are served in a metal wire basket, nice touch.  They were crispy and were wonderful dipped in some ranch.The decor is nicely done and you can fill your own soda, which I appreciate.All in all, I have found a new lunch spot with great food and a decent price.
4	This is a very small, older, local casino with a burger joint, bar and small sports book.  There are no gaming tables and the machines are rather evenly split between poker and slots.  If you are looking for $.50/$1/$5 machines, this is not the place for you.  This mostly a penny/nickel/dime and quarter kinda place.The cocktail servers are very nice and provide good service.  The burger...  I have to admit that it was one of the best I have had in Vegas.  I will definitely come back for the burger.  It was about $9 and it was plenty of food...  If you are into a no thrills, small kinda place, this is for you...
5	Took my parents here because I heard they have a good burger.  The joint is not much to look at and the menu is burgers, a chicken sandwich, chili, or a couple of salads so it's SMALL.  Anyway the burgers came out and we were all so happy we picked this place for lunch.  EXCELLENT burgers at this place and HUGE.  My husband, who is picky, said it was one of the best burgers he's ever had.  The staff was also very friendly which made it that much better.  We will definitely go back for lunch.
4	This little casino is a little older. However, the staff is super friendly and they have great drink specials. If you get hungry they have an amazing burger place within too.
3	Slightly older local's casino on N. Rancho Dr, with a decent size sports book, bar, and plenty of slots for the people visiting inside. And like all the other Wildfire Casinos that I have visited, there is a burger restaurant (WildBurger) on site.  One of the best attribute of this casino is that it still feels relatively new, or they just kept it up really well since the renovation 4 or 5 years ago.Cocktail servers are pretty nice and easy going. The staff in the restaurant was friendly.  So that too made a positive impression.Being a non-smoker, I appreciate the fact that the place does not overly reek of cigarette smoke. Another plus :)Overall, an above average local casino to chillax in front of your favorite slot machines.
3	Meh, it's ok.  The restaurant has tasty burgers & fries AND they have Widmer Hefeweizen on tap.  Great specials to be had for breakfast.  The problem is the staff (which applies to most Station haunts IMO)...boring, lackluster and unattentive.  They have a small sportsbook, but no table games.
2	Food was ok. I didn't care about the ambience.
5	I love this place! Patty is amazing, so friendly and outgoing!!! She always knows what we want when we walk through the door. If youre looking for a nice place to hang out and grab a beer, the wildfire rancho is the place to be!!!
1	I give the meal 1 star, because the meal was so-so, and I was hungry. They only get one star because the service and customer service was so poor.My boyfriend and I stopped in to get a quick bite to eat. Their restaurant wasn't that crowded. For some odd reason, the man acting as host/busser/order-taker told us to order and pay him, then seat ourselves while the food was being prepared. Never been at a restaurant where you do that.Then the waiting began. Everyone seemed to get served but us. And we had simple breakfast food orders. We heard other tables grumbling to the wait staff asking where was their food.Finally our orders came over to us, served by a pleasant, young woman. She apologized for the wait. My food was still warm. My boyfriend's was not.He mentioned it to the waitress, but she didn't offer to do anything until he had finally given up on getting a hot meal. He told her he didn't need a manager, just a replacement for his cold food. She explained she needed the manager to get approval of the refund. She tried to offer him other food items to make up for it. He said no. Too little,  too late, in my opinion. We left, and didn't leave a tip. This was the first time my bf never left a tip. Service was slow, and the waitresses seemed either inexperienced or unmotivated. Our waitress kept blaming the kitchen. I don't care. If the kitchen is having issues, you let the customers know so they can decide if they want to stay and deal with it and wait.I will not be back, at least not to eat there.
