4	Bisou is a Libyan restaurant.I went to Bisou yesterday while headed to campus for a class.  I was greeted  by a friendly Libyan guy who explained the different foods to me.  There is a very good selection of vegetarian food, from lentil soup to stuffed zucchini and bell peppers to samosa.  I had the lentil soup and samosa.  The food was delicious, but it could have been warmed up a bit more.The prices are very reasonable.  I recommend this restaurant to vegetarians and anyone looking for a light and hearty meal served quickly.A review is available on the Post Gazette website:http://www.post-gazette.com/pg/11139/1147483-440-0.stm
2	I don't know about this place.  I wanted it to be good but it's not quite there for me yet.  I had fish that was stuffed with seasoned potatoes.  The fish was undercooked but the seasoned potatoes were good.  It was served with sone Libyan Rice which was seasoned with clove, cinnamon and other spices and was pretty good.  The guy behind the counter was very friendly and helpful since this was my first experience with Libyan cuisine. They're a new business so I'm willing to give them a second chance.  :)
3	Finally came off the street to give Bisou a try after seeing it from my car window for so long. Upon entering you're met with a hole-in-the-wall chinese restaurant sort of feel. The inside is fairly bare, and the area behind the counter is larger than the seating area(For no apparent reason), making it feel very unbalanced. On the back wall is a chalk board stating the prices and some descriptions of a few of the items, but it is not complete.Look in the buffet-trays behind the glass to see namecards indicating the names of objects, their ingredients, and their vegetarian status. While this is no indicator of high quality food, when trying something as (to me) exotic as Libyan cuisine it is nice to see what you're ordering before you order it. I finally settled on a stuffed pepper($4.75) and a Sammosa($2.25). The guy behind the counter was very friendly and gave me recommendations.Upon stating I'd like to eat in the shop, the employee pulled out plates and placed each item on a separate plate and garnished it, the presentation was nice, and very unexpected. We took the food to one of the three or four tables and split. The sammosa was delicious, warm and freshly fried, the texture of the inside was smooth while the dough was crisp and chewy.I wish I had gotten more of those, because I cannot rave about the stuffed pepper so much. It was served cold after having been sitting out for what I assume to be the whole day. The rice was tasty, with a strong kick of spice and eggplant and potatoes mixed throughout, but ultimately it was cold and dry, and the green pepper was lifeless at that point(And I don't think it was fully cooked)So that part really hurt their rating, but the Sammosa was worth raving about and I'm sure many of their other items are too. It may be worth it to stick to fried foods here so that you get fresher items, but it is definitely worth a shot, especially if you like strong flavors.
3	I wanted to try Libyan food. It's good, simple, tasty, and I'll be back. It is also very cheap ($10 for almost two lunches). I can recommend it, and I'll be back, but don't expect delicacies. Libyan rice and liver was good. Samosa was a bit soft, i prefer them crispier.
