2	I do love going in this place to pet the big exotic birds but I feel so bad for the little puppies for sale.  Some of them don't look to be of good breeding.  I find this place to be super expensive.  What they charge for their animals is rediculously expensive and their products as well.  I hope all the puppies find good, loving homes.  I don't believe in puppy mills but I just want these animals to find good homes.  They always have signs out saying puppy sale but there is never a sale.  I would not pay they kind of money they are asking for the animals.  I would rather go to a reputable breeder if I'm going to spend that kind of money.
1	After reading the other two reviews and this not being my first visit to Pet Land I totally agree with both of them. All of the dogs look sad and depressed and it makes you want to buy them all and take them home to love them and take care of them. I personally would adopt a dog before I would spend $1,600 on a puppy who could possibly be sick. My mom made a comment about the brown little beagle looking sick, which he did. I just hope these dogs are purchased, and taken care of like they deserve. Don't buy a pet if you're not ready for the responsibility because some animals require as much attention as babies!!
1	I just went in here looking for a leash for my dog and was so disgusted by how sad and sick the dogs they had looked I had to walk out...  Something needs to be done about this place!  All of those dogs should be rescued and they need to lose their license!
3	I came in here just so I could look at the animals while waiting for some friends.  The thing I didn't really like about this place was the service. We walked in and there were 3 associates standing around that didn't say a word to us. They just looked at us and continued gossiping to one another. Yeah, the puppies do look sad, but it's so much worse at actual animal shelters and the kennels were actually very clean when I went in. The prices seem pretty steep for the puppies, but I haven't been to very many pet shops in town, so I don't know what the normal rates should be. The store also has other pets like ferrets, fish, hamsters, birds, turtles, etc. They have a pretty nice setup for the Red Ear Sliders in the back and there's plenty of them to keep each other company.Overall, I think this store is okay. I definitely wouldn't buy anything here, just because I can find everything cheaper elsewhere, but I'd come in just to look at the pets and get ideas of different supplies to get for my turtles.
1	the 1 star is way too much of a rating for this store. they advertise their dog food with  cheaper price tags on the rack, but when you get to the register... they "jack' the price up!  their excuse, "that was the old price, it should've been taken down." - per jeffrey/geoffrey. my response, "that price tag has been up there for 3 weeks!" i spend an average of $200/month on quality dog food and i shop around for the best prices. petland has to stop claiming that they have the lowest prices on certain dog food. don't forget the sickly & depressed looking puppies. fuck petland... they just lost another customer!
1	I came in to purchase a parakeet. Rude service and over priced. The store manager is nasty to the employees and customers. Although there is a fairly large selection of pets, the cages are often crowded and dirty. The puppies are in cages that look too small and have to sit on wire all day. A sad sight. After my experience at this store I only visit Petsmart and Petco. Avoid this location. 1 star is too much. Meh.
1	This place kills me, it really does. I fell in love with a sad-looking kitten there, only to reach through the bars to pet it and find it sickeningly skinny. I *really* don't need another cat, but I was all set to rescue this little girl, because I was pretty sure she wouldn't last another week.Since there was no signage, I asked the nearest sales person how much the kitten was, and was shocked to find out it was $899.99. For a nearly dead "pure bred" persian that had gunk in it's eyes and was the saddest thing I've ever seen.It should be illegal to sell an animal that sick looking. My heart is so broken, knowing that kitten is suffering. I'm terrified to go back to see it. I can't afford it, and I'm beyond frustrated that I can't do anything about it.The dogs all looked pretty sad, and their cages weren't clean. The only positive thing about this place, was the man in the bird section that obviously knew a lot about birds and we could tell he really cared. They need more people like him.
4	Just purchased my puppy today. I had a great experience. Will update my post later after my vet check up.
3	Here's my update:I purchased the puppy with no issues, the staff were really friendly and helpful. I met the vet on W Charleston and they seemed great, tests came back and the puppy is in great health. I would like to see closer attention paid to the puppies. I saw a tiny Chihuahua with really bad diarrhea. A few shaking puppies which I didn't see last time. One staff member in particular has a bit of a attitude, saw him throw a dog name tag at the customer after she requested a new one, if that were me, i would have smashed his face on the counter. Just saying :) Other than that, Im pleased.
1	Purchased a Persian kitten from Petland in 2002. He was so cute and sad looking. Well, for the bargain price of $699, I got a kitten with a parasite and ringworm. Petland sent me to their vet to try to cure the ringworm, and their vet manhandled, roughly scruffed, and borderline injured my little kitten. I scooped up my baby and took him to my vet (who actually treated my baby with RESPECT.) $1000 later, he was cured. I would NEVER refer anyone to Petland, or any pet store for that matter. Especially when shelters are overrun with homeless little babies who need a home.
5	Wow.. shocked at the amount of of bad comments about this place... Here is my story.... My fiancee and I were looking for a persian cat for some time... Even up to the point of getting to pet land I was screaming and hollering that I would never spend $1000+ for a cat... Long story short, we fell in love, and we got our little baby. He is absolutely adorable, best pet we have ever had. We had excellent service from Jeff @ the store, he was very knowledgeable, and overall great experience. I don't believe you can find this pet for less anywhere else, trust me, we did the research. Our cat is very healthy, no issues whatsoever.
3	Overall experience was great but the manager was a total douche. The employees seemed unhappy like it was a dictatorship in there.
1	This store is nothing but a business that is only interested in taking care of  themselves and their cash register.  You walk into this place and there are store associates everywhere, but do you think they would acknowledge you and help you...heck NO!!  I looked at the poor animals in the dirty disgusting display boxes with very little room to move around in and be comfortable.  This store is VERY OVERPRICED ON EVERYTHING!  From a previous store purchase they gave me this scratch off to use on a future purchase.  Well i went into the store after that visit and took a bag of dog food, but to learn that this so called redemption card does not qualify towards buying pet food out of it.  The card was valued at $25.  The snobby rude clerk told me to buy some toys for my dog...Honestly do you think i'm going to buy over $25 in toys for my dog, when he has a toy box full of them?  How ridiculous!  On the way out of the store, I noticed a big box filled with stuffed pillows, and was going to buy one of them.  But when I asked a store associate how much it was, she said it was over $60.00.  Oh, no thank you, I will pass.  This store is insane with their merchandise and how damn expensive they are in "EVERYTHING" they sell!  If I could rate a 1/2 star i would, because of the poor operation of this business!  I will NEVER shop this store again.
2	Since i moved in here near the boca park area, this is the closest pet store that i could get my dog's food. As a dog lover myself, it breaks my heart that everytime i go there, those poor puppies looks sad and sickly, they are stepping on their own poop and seems skin and bones hiding on their fur. I tried not to look and just grab the food/stuff i wanted (which is kinda overpriced!), pay at the counter and leave as soon as possible. The staffs there, which consists mostly bunch of teenagers who have no idea what their doing rather than to asked a generic question "what kind of dog do you have?". They handle the pups poorly and one of them almost dropped the yorkie. Its just so sad that theyre very much engaged in gossiping and chitchatting (and theyre not even shy to tone it down even just a bit).
2	First, let me say...PLEASE ADOPT!  Do not support these puppy mills.  Check the shelters and save a life.  The only reason we come here is they carry the high end food that we buy for our dogs and the it is the most cost effective we can find in Las Vegas.  After you purchase 13 bags of food, your next is free so every couple of months we get one free.   I walk in with dread every time because of all of the puppies behind glass that look sick and the cages are dirty.  Again, I hate puppy mills and they need to be shutdown.  The worse part is the employees.  Every single one says the same thing on every visit "what kind of dog do you have?".  Its not just one when you walk in it is EVERY SINGLE employee in the store.  It is annoying.  I just want to get the food and get out.
5	Im going to start this review by saying this..I DONT BS...if a business deserves a bad review i knock their block off. You dont believe? or are skeptical? Check my other reviews. I am a straight shooter and i tell it like it is. With that said,when i came in here to get a new puppy I was very worried about the reviews I had read.Naturally ,I started to ask questions.My questions were answered to my satisfaction,in fact I asked a lot of questions in general.All were satisfactorily answered ,without a defensive attitude. When you have a string of reviews on a business like this one that are so bad,it would be very easy to get touchy as I am sure that people have a preconception when coming in or after reviewing yelp. All i can say is the following.I think having the right sales person helps a lot. there are a lot of younger employees here and to expect them to be polished is not realistic. I got lucky and was helped by Marisa. She is clearly polished and knows what shes doing.I can respect that as i would offer no less to my customers. the other problem i think is that pets (animals) are a highly charged subject and people get very uptight and emotional if there is an issue.weather it be that the responsibility is just too much or they cant afford the pet or the pet gets sick. We are speaking of a living breathing animal not a lamp shade.And it does take time and resources to handle them.This is not only a time and emotional commitment it is also a monetary commitment. As far as people who say don't buy from puppy mills I understand how you must feel about it,however all this PC talk is really getting out of hand.People are entitled to conduct business as they wish.No one has the right to guilt them or shame them. It is a personal choice and thats all i have to say about that. As far as attitudes regarding the staff in general.I just didnt see it,my experience was different. And before people start to jump on me about buying a pet in a store,believe me when i tell you that I looked all over and just couldn't find the right match for what I wanted at shelters . Anyways...on to the review in general.I have enjoyed my purchase,we decided on a papillon and she is adorable. She did have a worm issue but thats the way it goes.However,as part of the purchase if you hook up with their vet who is west charleston (will review separately) then petland will pay for all medications until the issue has been resolved. It happens these are living creatures not robots they can get sick.There are also other perks to buying the animals from petland,such as a generous supply of different foods and supplements.I would also like to say that my salesperson has been outstanding.Willing to take my calls even after hours to discuss strategies for training. I would also like to add that I have been back numerous times to purchase all sorts of goodies for the new princess :). I am pleased to report that we are all very happy and I am sure that she will be a source of enjoyment and love for many years to come.Based upon my experience I could not be more pleased to recommend them for your pet purchases. All i can say is that if you intend upon being the keeper of a life that you are prepared for the responsibility that entails. If you are then I am sure that you will have a wonderful new companion!
1	While a few have had a good experience and most poor, I had to speak up about the living 'conditions' of these dogs that were witnessed upon entering the store. The cages are small and for the larger breeds who are past the 8 week old, cute, puppy stage-they seem to barely have enough room to stretch out and lay on their side. Part of the high prices and their success with selling the dogs at such a markup is because when you see them, you can't help but want to snatch them all up and get them out of those conditions and into a warm and loving home.  All the dogs had water, but I saw no food, and in fairness, I didn't notice too many dirty cages.They did seem to be well staffed and no one in the store was rude to me. It's fair to say they were a bit aloof but it's clear for most of the staff this is just a job; maybe they just get indifferent after being there awhile...Honestly, you have to think of this place the same way you would think of a shelter.  Your saving a life and giving each of these sweet little souls a chance at a good life outside those conditions, the only difference is you get to have them as puppies and pay a much higher price. All this said, Petland is a business and owners make decisions about how their business is run, so in a sense-it is what it is, and it is their right to operate in a way they see fit.  As a consumer, I won't be back because I prefer not to support a business whose practices I don't agree with. That said, for those that buy, bless you. You really are giving each animal at Petland at better life by bringing them into your loving forever home.
2	The younger staff was very, very sweet. They encouraged us to play with the dogs without giving us the pressured salesman schpiel. Definitely appreciated that becauset that's what I hate about other pet stores. I need to see, think, and spend time with a puppy to fully decide if I will take it or not so I never appreciated other pet stores with pushy salespeople. I didn't buy anything or a pet on my visit there but I was super shocked at the price of an English bulldog. My husband has two purebred, AKC, high - pedigreed English bullies and the one that they had at this store was undoubtedly cute, he looked healthy,  but he did not have the distinctive,  desired traits that a real English bulldog enthusiast would look for, which my husband's dogs do have. My husband paid almost half of what this poor thing was being sold for. $4300 for a dog is ridiculous. Although this is not the young emplyees' fault, I find it very hard to respect a business who sets the price so high because it insults our intelligence of purebred dog price knowledge and also it shows me all it's for is profit. Not everyone can pay $4300 for a dog and to set the price that high, lowers the chance of him getting sold and into a good home. The staff is great, super friendly, I saw them doing their jobs well by playing, caring, cleaning the animals and treating us with great respect without pushing us to buy something. However, the business is a joke and for that I blame the management and owners
2	We'll break this establishment down in order of the concerns I witnessed.1. AppearanceThe first thing you notice when you walk into this shop is that it stinks in there.  I realize that this place houses several animals, but if they are taken care of on a round the clock basis, there shouldn't be any reason why the smell is intolerable.  The problem is that there are several teenagers and young adults that are hired for this minimum job that spend the majority of their time acting as though they have animal care backgrounds when they're really only glorified retail employees.2. Animal healthThere is nothing in these cage/kennels other than the animals.  No toys, no soft padded beds to lay on, just the animal and metal grate.  These dogs, from small to large are all forced to sleep on hard metal grates.  Furthermore, several of them appeared sick.  The one that my friend took out to hold had mucus in it's eye and a runny nose.  When she pointed it out to the employee that brought her the dog, he waved it off and explained to her that that particular dog was a new addition and had probably come to them like that.  Additionally, this puppy (that had only been in this store's possession for two days) reeked of urine.3. Sales associatesThey're pushy, for sure.  They don't agree with the fact that their prices are ridiculous.  They were charging $2,000.00 for a Chihuahua.  $2,000.00!!!  If you don't agree that that's ridiculous, search Craigslist for a Chihuahua.  When we told him that that price was ridiculous, he proceeded to explain the overhead of the entire store to rationalize their prices.  When I scoffed and explained to him the low amount I paid for my pure bred miniature English Bulldog, he again discounted my experience and told me that the average amount to pay for that breed was now $7,000.00, which is not only completely ridiculous but false.  I'm sure there are some avenues that charge that amount and that there are people that would pay that amount, but it's not an average.Couple these occurrences with the fact that they don't have an impressive selection of clothes, food or toys and I have to conclude that this isn't a very good store for the product they're pushing.
1	I will never go into or use this store again. Jeffery who claims to be the manager of this store is the rudest person I have ever spoken to. On the phone he proceeded to call me stupid and told me I do not understand how business works. I told him that I help run a business and his response was he hoped my business goes bankrupt as he hung up on me. Up to this point we had been happy with this store's services and everyone else had been friendly. It is too bad that this bad apple has to ruin customer relationships like this.
1	Way too expensive here, charging 2600 and up for a puppy? No thanks, I'll keep looking elsewhere. Sales lady we had was very pushy, kept saying we could finance through them. They have to get commission for selling animals.  She didn't even seem to care what type of environment the puppy would be going to and kept saying that my husky would immediately get along with any puppy.Also, saw a dog eat it's own poop in one of the glass windows.  Doesn't seem like they take care of their animals here. Some puppies were sleeping on each other and she just grabbed one of them and said look at this puppy!Very disappointed, hopefully this place will learn to price more fairly and will take better care of their animals.
1	petland is the worst pet store you want to deal with.  this is reflected in the  most horrible manager (jeffrey) any one with a store manager like this can only reflect a pet store you should avoid!!!!!!!their pet food prices are higher than other pet stores.  petland's sale of puppies needs to be investigated in how they treat their puppies, get their puppies too young  (most likely from puppiy mills) well over priced, $1400 and  up...............................
5	Everyone that has left a bad review here has only left a bad review because:1. It is pricey 2. They believe that the puppies have come from mills3. They are haters I came to this Petland just browsing. I wasn't looking to buy a puppy, but if I liked one a lot, I may consider. I have been to the Petland in Henderson & have paid $2700 for a female pure bred Siberian husky. She has 3 spots on her nose and the most beautiful mask ever. When I walked into this Petland on charleston, I saw a male husky (with 2 dots on his nose that were very similar and same color) sleeping. I thought it would be so cute to have a playmate for my first husky, so we ended up going home with another husky. Prices are negotiable. I bought this husky for $1700 including vitamins, xl crate, toy, bowl, shots, etc. If you're complaining that these dogs are "sad" or "depressed," then do the puppies a favor-- purchase them, take them home, treat them with love and make their life worth while. Stop complaining with you bs and not do anything about it :)
1	While the store and employees are positive, the animals, in at LEAST my situation, were definitely found out to be from a puppy mill, and at the asking price of 2,200.00 it should be healthy. I had an ER visit  sunday nite after 11pm (naturally)  upon further investigation i found the puppy mill operator, jonny dake, to be listed as 1 of the 100 worst mills, and that upper respiratory problems -kennel cough to be a chronic problem with his animals.  Many reports of neglect ( USDA #43-A-4494 )  were found when the operators property was inspected : "admitted they had not been given water since the night before... excessively thirsty.. drinking for at least one minute continuously". "dead puppy found lying outside in the cold" "open wound"  If the shop cant source animals properly perhaps another career is necessary. I took the animal directly from the shop to their vet. Their required vet missed the upper respiratory infection, in fact I didnt notice any sort of exam. just a charge for fecal exam---Johnny Dake, J & M Kennels, Stover, MO - Dead puppy found lying outside in the cold. In January 2014, a USDA inspector found a 4-week-old shih tzu puppy frozen solid in the outdoor portion of an enclosure at J & M Kennels. She noted that when the operator picked up the body, "imprints from the wire flooring were observed" across the puppy's body. The inspector noted that the puppy was found in the outdoor portion of the enclosure when overnight temperatures had recently been as low as 2 to -9 degrees Fahrenheit, and that there were no footprints in the snow that might indicate someone had walked around to check on the outside portion of the enclosures. Other sick or injured animals found at the facility included a Boston Terrier who could not put weight on her leg and had an open wound (April 2012), a female Shih Tzu with an oozing lesion on her paw (Jan. 2014) and a male shih tzu who was heavily matted with feces adhered to the fur and matts around his eyes that were "so large that the eyes were difficult to see" (Jan. 2014). In March 2014, USDA inspectors found 11 dogs who did not have any water and the licensee admitted they had not been given water since the evening before; when given water, the inspector noted that many of the dogs "were seen drinking water for at least one minute continuously" as if they had been excessively thirsty. USDA #43-A-4494.
1	I would give a ZERO if I could and encourage everyone to BOYCOTT PETLAND.  Here's my story:So we find a puppy we like, and I ask the lady if Petland Puppies come from good breeders or puppy mills.  She says, "Oh, we only use handpicked breeders.  Our owner is an engineer, and he's very meticulous." I ask to see the name of the breeder for the puppy we like, I look up the breeder on my iPhone in the store...AND IT'S ONE OF THE MOST NOTORIOUS PUPPY MILLS IN THE USA...WITH TONS OF INFRACTIONS, A THOUSAND DOGS IN HORRIBLE CONDITIONS, FINES, ETC.  EVERY ARTICLE I SEE ON GOOGLE ABOUT THE BREEDER IS SAYING IT'S ONE OF THE WORST MILLS IN THE COUNTRY AND LISTING INFRACTIONS.   It's no wonder so many of the dogs at Petland look "off" when you take them out.Don't believe it? Just take a smart phone with you, ask to see the puppy's paperwork, and google the breeder while you are in the store.in my opinion, this Petland should be BOYCOTTED for lying to customers about the sources of their puppies
1	I have been meaning to follow up on this review for a while. Keep in mind I was the only 5 star review they had and I really was pleased until what took place. It turns out my dog was the product of bad puppy mill breeding and as a result had to have both back legs operated on. Recovery tine for both 3 months for each leg!...I also noticed early on an issue with her eyes ..turns out she had severely detached and inoperable retinas. One eye was completely blind and the other was 50% impaired the specialist we went to said she could wake up any day and be completely blind in both eyes..When I mentioned where I bought the dog he was not surprised in the slightest. He told me in all his years of practicing he has never seen a case this bad. The store refused to refund my money instead they told me that their warranty would cover up to the purchase price of the dog. I went in to discuss with my sales person and an argument ensued and she just walked away from me..totally unprofessional and unacceptable...basically they offered to give me another dog or pay for the surgery on the legs which btw the vet was kind enough to discount so that petland warranty would even cover that. This business is nothing but that,a BUSINESS!!...they don't care and all they want to do is push over priced damaged merchandise on unsuspecting buyers.  They either get you financed at 35% interest or will take the dog back at a 40% restocking fee.. ridiculous. They will give another dog?...I wouldn't take any animal from them for free...they hide behind Nevada laws that protect them from prosecution. I started out having a nice relationship with them..until there was a problem..at that point they ran for the hills..completely fraudulent. ..and unprofessional...I will of course keep my dog I love her...but basically petland has saddled me with with a handicapped animal that will cost me time and money for the duration of her life...shame on petland.  Your not selling inanimate objects your selling sweet animals that have personalities and souls... how can you look at yourselves in the mirror with pride as you cash pay checks...smhDEFINITELY DO NOT BUY ANY ANIMAL FROM THIS CHAIN!
3	I wanted to update this because Jeffery is no longer the manager at the store. I was called by a representative of the owner of the store and was told Jeffery would no longer be in the store. So we returned to continue purchasing the highend dog food we purchase here. I will say that if you go in please ask for Markie. She has always been nice and super helpful everytime we have been to the store.
5	I had a great experience here at petland . I loved the staff . They were friendlyKnowledgeable and caring . No pushy tactics just good sales staff period! I got a baby beagle here while I was just brousing missing mine who hadJust passed at 17 years 2 weeks prior  . They offer a full puppy for life guarantee and full coverage of vet bills for the first 2Weeks should your baby contract anything. I love this place !
1	I went to Petland with the hopes of purchasing a puppy as I am a new resident in the Las Vegas area.  I went into the store and was not acknowledged by anyone which wasn't a problem as everyone was working busily.  However, 20 minutes went by and I still wasn't acknowledged .  The manager even brushed right past me without an apology and continued to serve guests that had arrived after me.  The animals were very cute and seemed healthy, but the staff is incredibly rude and obviously untrained.  Petland needs to take a look into who they allow to work in their stores from now on.
1	YES PETLAND SELLS PUPPY MILL ANIMALS...Investigation video proof about Puppy Mill included in this review.in 2005 I bought my dog from Petland.  I didn't know anything about Puppy Mills back then and didn't plan on even buying a dog when I entered this store back in 2005.  It was love at first sight. I just fell in love and bought my dog. I love her to pieces and wouldn't change a thing.  She had kennel cough and an ear infection at her first vet appt. which we went to within the first 5 days of owning her (per Petland's Warranty at that time--you had to have a vet check-up with in 5 days of purchase.)  I didn't know she was from a Puppy Mill for the first few years I owned her.  I kept hearing stuff about Puppy Mills and Petland so I googled her Breeder.  What I discovered was actually shocking.Breeder: Linda KlevenUSDA # 41 A 0015Fair View KennelsOn 6/14/2005 there is a video investigation of the Fair View Kennels in Minnesota where my dog was born.  A dogs pregnancy is about 63 days.  My dog was born 8/18/2005 which is 65 days after the CAPS investigation and video took place.  There is a video online of the actual puppy mill so you can see for yourself that Petland does in fact do business with Puppy Mill Breeders.  You can see the conditions of this particular Breeder's operation which had 130 dogs at the time of the investigation.  My dog's parents lived at this terrible place.  Link to video from CAPS the Companion Animal Protection Society below:http://www.caps-web.org/rescues/item/175-linda-and-craig-kleven-fair-view-kennels-2005  If the link won't work just google.  Linda Kleven Fair View Kennels 2005,  The first 1:33 of the video is the Fair View Kennel.
