1	This place is pretty much just getting by on its close proximity to hoards of Grand Avenue crackheads. My co-workers who live on Roosevelt and I have been dying to try this place for a long time since we drive by it every day, but have lacked the kahones to make it happen. Its sign and front display which advertise every un-healthy dining option imaginable always cracks our shit up. It has a big sign that says "Valley Pizza" but then also advertises "Fish n' Chips", "Gyros", "Philly's", "Subs", "Wings", "Calzones", and two more I think.Me and two brave co-workers finally gathered the courage to go and rolled in next to a really pimp bright red Caddy. We thought this might be the sign of great things to come. We got in and were pleasantly surprised by how well maintained it was and how cheap the prices were, but not about how hot it was inside. Old building comprised of a boxing gym, Valley Pizza, and a liquor store; not insulated or air conditioned well. Even on a 85 degree day it was pretty hot inside.I ordered a small "Thick Chicago" pizza with mushrooms and black olives and tried to pay with a credit card. He told me to go next door to the liquor store which is owned by the same guy to pay with a card. I went next-door which was ultra-sketchy and also seems to cater largely to crackheads. It was significantly dirtier, less maintained, and claustrophobic. However my friend, who is from the South, was extremely impressed to find they offered some alcoholic beverage, which I'm guessing is a type of malt liquor, called Cisco that brought him back to his North Carolina days. I charged my credit card and thought I was done. "Not so fast amigo." They gave me cash, that's right, they gave me cash in the amount that I had charged to go back to pay the guy in Valley Pizza. Rather then engaging in a debate about how a credit charge is not worth the same as cash or why they don't just reconcile payments at the end of the day with the two clerks who seemed to be way too fucked up to hold an intelligent conversation with, I took my cash and went back next door.After a decent wait we got our food: my pizza, a huge meatball sandwich, and a gyro pita w/ fries. It was pretty much cafeteria quality food. My meatball sandwich friend and I were disappointed in the tomato sauce along with pretty much all the other ingredients. And my pizza was neither "Thick" nor "Chicago" style, more Peter Piper classic then anything. My friend who got the gyro said it was actually pretty good though. Overall the food was fresh and at an edible quality, but like I said, clearly intended for someone with a 2pm buzz and a dime-bag budget.
5	If you are a fan of the Bikini, this is probably the best thing that has ever happened to you. They will deliver. Right to Bikini. You can drink your $4 pitcher of hooch whilst scarfing down some deliciousness!I happened to cruise by here on my bitchin bike on my way to Bikini this Saturday to support the Grand Avenue Festival. I was litterally brought to tears at the convenience of this location.After imbibing for a while I walked back over to find the coolest, sweetest group of people. The owner was the order taker, and it is obvious how passionate she is about her business.We ended up with the garlic bread, a cheese pizza, a Philly Cheese steak and a veggie sub for $23. How this is possible, I do not know.UN  FREAKING  BELIEVABLEMan was this food good! Seriously! The cheese on the veggie sub was so tasty and the crust was scrumptious. I was also stoked to hear that they were considering putting in an extra oven to make gluten free pizza and were also considering vegan cheese! They even asked what a good brand was!A+ Customer ServiceA+ LocationA+ PricesA+ FoodHellllssss yeah! #NewFavoritePlace(PS - the review from Michael S was from the previous pizza place. This was closed, someone new bought it, redid everything and this is a brand new place)
5	Ok, first off, I'm sure Michael S is a perfectly reasonable and accurate Yelper but the one star review he wrote below/above is from a different owner before it closed down and reopened with new ownership/management. So please don't judge them by that review. First: the location. It's located near my home where no other pizza shops dare open shop. Yes!It's just across the street from the Bikini. Can you hear the angels singing? Second: been there twice now. First time had pizza crust (for vegan-ness) and fries and a bite of the veggie sub. All superb. Today my boy Richard Z had the Monsoon, which they're soon to be famous for (it looked amazing) and I had the vegan version of their veggie sub, which was outstanding. Really, really good.  They're super nice people. Charming little place. Place to sit outside and watch the culture. They'll walk your food over to the bikini. Open til 9 on weeknights and 11 on weekends. LOVE THIS PLACE! So happy it's in my hood.
5	This place use to suck, but it has new owners and now it rules!Nothing fancy as far as decor, but the pizza is solid.  Also, they serve fry sauce with their fries.  They are the only peeps in Phoenix that I have found that have the fry sauce.  I hear their Fish and Chips are pretty great too.
2	First time. Nice people but the pepperoni pizza was extremely greasey and the wings were fried to a chisp and not very good.oh well.
4	I have had their pizza twice and both times I've loved it..Pizza isn't a gourmet meal item so its hard to get it terribly wrong, but I like thinner crispy crust that doesn't flop like a wet noodle when I pick it up and theirs is great.  Also it wasn't dripping with grease. They have only been open under this ownership for four months so any older reviews should not be considered.  I had the pepperoni and the taco loco and both were very flavorful and I will for sure go back..also the staff were friendly and although its not in the best area, I will make the sacrifice and go there..I hear from the two ladies that were in there when I was picking up my order that the smothered fries were off the charts..
5	So, this is my first review, and I've already got writer's block.  Im sitting here trying to think of witty and insightful things to say, but all I can come up with is "This place is super freakin good."  I live right around the corner, so my favorite part is the short drunk stumble I can embark on from my crib or Bikini Lounge, which I also spend an unreasonable amount of time at. (Bikini review almost certain to follow).  Since proximity is crucial to my lazy ass, no points deducted yet.  The second obstacle became apparent the first time I walked in, rockin a Cleveland Cavs shirt, which the owner who's from Detroit immediately began to hate on.  You see Cleveland and Detroit are in a constant heated battle for America's most ridiculed city, and we take it very seriously.  After a quick shit talking show, I realized how nice of a guy he actually was, and decided that I liked a little civic-pride in my food-obtaining.  It's a small joint, so there's usually two-max-three people in there and they make you feel like you walked in to their own homes for a nice meal.  Friendly, personable, and happy to see you.  Still at 5 stars.  Food: Pizza, sandwiches, salads, very basic.Delicious.  All of it.  I've had pretty much everything available, and it's all tasted outstanding.  Not often do you walk in to a small pizza/sandwich shop in a random neighborhood and get a quality Fish n Chips for like 6 bucks.  The pizzas are unique and interesting, and almost all have toppings you wouldn't immediately think to combine on a pie.  You'll learn that I'm extremely easy to please when it comes to basic foods, but the taste and portions at Valley Pizza always make me walk back over there and give them a high five (or low five or fist bump or whatever you're currently into).  All in all, I've been to Valley Pizza about 15 times now, and I've never been dissatisfied.  I know giving something 5 stars on your first review sets a difficult precedent, but this is truly a hidden gem in a neighborhood known mostly for Bikini Lounge and the Grand Ave galleries.  (Also for the occasional bum fight in the parking lot across from Bikini which if I could review I would give ten stars).  Do yourself a favor and the next time youre in the mood for a pizza or a big-ass sandwich, give this place a shot.  And if you dont agree, I'm right around the corner and you can come tell me why.  I might jack you in the face, but my door's always open.
4	They either serve Rainbow flavored pizza or that sticker means that you can have glitter as a topping!!!!! HEEEEEEYYYY GIRL! PHX's 1st Gay friendly pizza parlor that ain't afraid to proclaim it-or to watch out for the monsoon! (whatever that means)...Let's just say the pizza is fab-u-lous!As far as the joint itself, I stuck my elbow somewhere into a pool of what I'm assuming to be ranch dressing???(I hope)They just need some shade outside.....and it's right in the heart of crackwhore/head alley..aka my favorite stomping ground. my new MAJOR place to score some ZA' besides Pizzeria Bianco's dumpster.
4	We started our First Friday walk at Valley Pizza this evening and were very pleasantly surprised! We had the Monsoon pizza, which is hard to describe but is totally delicious, along with a half order of the wings, which were cooked very well and at the medium heat level, provided a mild amount of heat and spice. The crust on the pizza is some of the best we've tried in the Valley since moving here a couple of months ago.We'll definitely be returning - either for a pick-up or for another First Friday kick-off. A definite thumbs-up!
5	We came to Phoenix for Spring Training. After sitting in the sun all day and drinking, we were pretty exhausted and didn't feel like dealing with a sit down dinner. We decided on pizza but didn't want Domino's or Pizza Hut (bleh).  When we got it delivered, which took about 25 minutes, the woman asked how we found them and we told her Yelp! I guess they're not used to delivering to the hotels in the area. But I can't stand the stuff the hotels advertise. After trying to find a place that delivers, which was hard to find, we found Valley! What a great find! We got a Large with red onions, pepperoni, and roasted red peppers and 2 House Salads. Wow, it was really good!! The pizza was a perfect size for 4 people, LOVE that they cut it in squares. It wasn't "Chicago" or "NY" style. Just really good home made style. The salads were really big. Came with some delicious home made croutons. I expected 2 little things, they came in a huge container. For $4, pretty nice. Next time I'm gonna have to try their specialty pizzas.
4	This place was great!  Its downtown and they deliver! A few months ago they left a flyer on my windshield and I saved it.  I finally went down there (Roosevelt & Grand Ave)  today and ordered the toasted Veggi sub with fries and a drink for about $6.  The sub was topped with spinach, mushrooms, green peppers, onions, mozzarella cheese, tomatoes, and dressing.  It was kinda messy but really really good!  The dinning area of this place is pretty small but it's worth a visit.  I know I will be back and next time I will try a pizza.
4	You know, sometimes I am flat out amazed at how many really great pizza places we have in the valley.  After a summer in Olympia where I ate the worst pizza ever on multiple occasions (sorry Oly!) I've learned how truly important it is to have crappy water to make fantastic pizza!  When thinking of the perfect pizza, I always imagine a substantial crust, light pizza sauce, slightly heavy on the cheese, and generous toppings.  Valley Pizza gave me all of that!The husband and I were craving pizza one night and we really wanted to try something new.  Of course we did some yelping and came across this place.  After a couple minutes of deep thought, I realized that this is the ghetto looking place that we have driven by maybe a billion times!  We called in our order, I got a pepperoni and then asked "what on earth is cactus bread?"  The pizza was delicious with the perfect amount of everything for my liking.  The sauce was just a wee bit spicy and I loved it!  My only gripe, and the only reason I'm not giving 5 stars is because it was a little greasy for me.  I had to do the napkin mop up thing before I tackled my dinner.  Sooo... the cactus bread.  WOW!  Just imagine this: fried bits of pizza dough covered in a delicious glaze, then sprinkled with cinnamon sugar AND drizzled with honey.  For a little extra decadence, you get a side of whipped cream.  Oh yes.Valley Pizza is great and serves up a hefty dose of originality which is certainly something to be admired in the world of pizza pies.  I would definitely love to order from here again when the hankering for pizza pops up again.
2	Have you ever been home when your mom's really mad and it's because of something you did like duck out of the house without saying goodbye and disappearing for three days without having called once?  Well you know how when your mom is that mad, she acts just a little bit crazy, like a little bit straight-jacketed, clinically insane?  That's how I felt ordering pizza here and I hadn't even gone on a three-day bender at the age of 17.The woman behind the counter was nuts.  I don't know.  Maybe something terrible happened to her that day.  I will give her that and assume that the only reason she was acting as weird as she was is because she ran out of hot water and took a cold shower, her car broke down and found out that her favorite TV show was not going to be renewed next season.My friend was ordering for three of us and we ordered one pizza, a medium or something.  She goes, "That's pretty small for three people."  No, it's not.  We just wanted a few slices each, no need to gorge.  She also looked pissed.  Like... pissed, insulted you would ever order such a small portion.  So my buddy goes, "Fine.  I'll take wings too."After a bit I mention I'm thirsty, we should get some drinks.  "Bottled water?"  She presumes.  "No,"  My friend says.  "We'll just take iced water on tap."  And she rolled her eyes.So I go outside and I realize, hey.  Where's my water?  I go back inside and ask for three waters again.  She looks at me and stops what it is she's doing and stammers when she speaks as though I asked her to please help me hoist a car up a skyscraper.  "I--I--ahh-ah-ah... I'm gonna bring it out to you, okay?"There were only two other people inside, so what the fuck?I go outside.  Maybe ten minutes pass and no water.  I hit up the market right next door and buy some bottled water because I'm done dealing with Crazy.  She comes out with our waters and is like, "These were waiting for you on the counter."  That's when I knew that, for sure, she was nuts.  Our pizza came.  It was the Monsoon.  I didn't like it.  I like non-traditional pizza.  I've had pizza with fried chicken and gravy and loved it.  This, though?  A swirling typhoon of ranch dressing with peppers and bananas and... you know, man, it could be good.  It really could be.  But when I got it and bit into it, I liked it at first and my enjoyment slowly turned into disgust as it went along.I'm actually giving another star for the guy who worked there.  He was legitimately nice and when he asked us if we were doing okay, it sounded like he gave a shit.
3	This isn't really the best pizza but I have to give this place credit for having an amazing menu.  We had just ordered a plain peperoni and I wasn't blown away.  I really feel like I could have concocted something brilliant...then I saw the rest of their menu and had buyer's remorse.  Some of their stuff looks amazing.  Unfortunately, that's not what I ate.As for the Cactus Bread...it reminds me why I have a gym membership.  It's like pizza and sopapillas had sex and made Cactus Bread.  Good stuff. The people who work there are totally awesome and worth your time and attention..I will be back to give them another chance.
4	This place is right next to Trunk Space and the Bikini Lounge, so it's very convenient if you want to grab a quick bite before/during a show, or after some drinks.  It's not big on atmosphere.  The seating area is tiny, and it's in kind of a rough neighborhood right next to a liquor store, so weirdos are liable to wander in while you're eating.  But don't let that dissuade you.  It's some of the tastiest pizza in town.  Their recipes are original and amazing.  You can get cheeseburger pizza, cheesesteak, taco, and buffalo wing, among many others.  Everything is delicious.  And if you go, you NEED to try their signature pizza, the Monsoon.  I would not pick most of these ingredients to go on a pizza, but when combined, they are inexplicably fabulous.  And if you hassle them a little bit, they'll even make it vegetarian for you.It's a great place to take pizza afficionados that are visiting from out of town.  Guaranteed, they've never had anything like this.  But you might want to get it to go if you want to enjoy it in comfort.
3	I gotta say this pizza was just fine. Nothing spectacular just okay.Looking foward to trying other stuff ... until then there's the 3 star "a-ok".
5	So i have been here several times, and the owner dave, is nothing short of accommodating. My first visit i arrived 10 minutes before close and i felt bad for ordering food so close to their closing time. Although Dave was a bit put off by my truancy he made me an excellent pizza that i crave to this day. Whether you get a sandwhich, pizza or whatever, the flavors are top notch.I think i appreciate their earnestness here. They are human. They do not smile through cheesy (pardon the pun) grins. They make food. Great food. A bit high on the fat side, but good pizza usually is.I doubt i will ever go anywhere else for pizza unless i am on a date. But i definitely will take dates here.
5	I just got this app on my Droid so decided to give this place a try in my new yelp eating adventure since I'm getting bored with all the regular places I eat at. I have to say, so far so good, kind of a shady location but excellent food and nice people working there. Just stopped in for a quick lunch, just a slice and some wings, tried the Arizona gold wings, FANTASTIC, a sweet onion spicy wing sauce and probably one of the best original wing sauces I've ever had, even though I hate onion, and for the pizza, delicious, nice thin crust and lots of toppings. I'll definitely be back for more. Only thing that would make this place better is if they had a bigger dining room, but still well worth the 5 stars.
5	I love this place. The Monsoon Pizza sounds like it would be disgusting but it's AWESOME. I assume their regular pizzas are pretty good too because the crust on the Monsoon is tasty. The shop doesn't look like much and it's next to a really sleazy liquor store but the people who work there are really nice.
4	Scale of 1-10 (multiple visits):8 Food7 Servicen/a Atmosphere8 ValueI've only ever done delivery from these guys, so "visits" might be a little off, but it gets the message across.  The pizza is good, has a lot of options, and some unique twists.  (haha - you'll get the pun once you check out their menu.)I've gotten a dude on the phone that was kind of rude, though I've also gotten a girl on the phone that was quite awesome.  The delivery is fast and the prices are reasonable.I have a Pizza Hut literally 20 yards from my home, but I consider these guys my delivery go-tos -- at least as long as I keep getting the girl.
4	I'm a big fan of local pizza joints.  I've gotten pizza, wings, fish & chips, olive lover's salad, and bread sticks from this place twice.  The pizza is very good,  wings are good, but they were premature baby chick wings.Salad was good, fish & chips were okay.  Bread sticks were good too.  First time the woman on the phone was pleasant and delivery was awesome!Second time, woman on the phone was helpful, but pick - up was interestingly rude.  Don't know what was going on, but that's about it.
3	They use canned mushrooms. Breadsticks are ga-reasy!However, I still kind of like this place for being so close and just exactly what belongs at Grand and Roosevelt.A quick slice and a soda is cheeeeeeap.I am fascinated by the "outdoor eating area" that looks to be on hiatus. It is a square pen of chain link fence with some toppled tables and chairs in it.I still roll up from 7th St. and eat here. The veggie options really are quick and affordable.
4	Great service, cheap prices!  I ate their version of BBQ chicken pizza.  I substituted red peppers instead of bacon.  Very tasty, but I would recommend substituting grilled instead of friend chicken.  Overall, good experience for this little hole in the wall place.  They also have daily specials, subs, gyros, and other food items.
1	To all Valley Pizza customers (if there are any)-  if you would like to see the real Monsoon which is really called The Twist pizza and  was created in Muskegon, Michigan by Bernie O's Pizza in 2004, you can tune in to The Food Network on June 10th at 10pm eastern time and see the real thing on the show Outrageous Foods. Don't be duped by this guy selling you a very poor imitation and passing it off as his own original creation, it's a bunch of BS. He ripped off all of his ideas from a small pizzeria in Michigan who actually put forth the blood, sweat and tears it takes to develop their own original concepts and recipes. He didn't even have the courtesy to use his own menu or picture of his pizzas, he just ripped them from Bernie O's website! You can see it for yourselfwww.bernieos.comI think the insult of douche bag is appropriate in case, don't you?
1	The 1st time that I went here the staff permitted a couple to be drunk and hostlie eat in the dining area. I asked for tea and the lady at the counter was confused and had to ask if they sold tea there and they do. When was told that next time we should do delivery and there would be no charge to deliver where we live. That was not true they billed us for delivery. Every time we had the pizza delivered the price was different for the same pizza. The last time that I had their pizza delivered Dave said that I was over charged and I said to just keep the extra as a tip. Instead without telling me they charged me more then what was on my receipt. I discussed the matter with Dave and he just offered me credit on my next order. There will never be a next order!!! Keep you body and wallet safe and never eat here.
