5	I received air conditioner service today and was very favorably impressed. Service tech Kevin was a very helpful and polite young man. We will Definitely recommend their service to our friends.
4	I have to start off with 5 starts for Kevin P., the technician that came to my house.  Such a rare occurrence to have a service representative come to your house that exudes honesty and integrity.  Kevin was very thorough, very personable and very efficient.  Although he is a little young, he carries himself with more confidence than others who may have more years.  Kevin is a wealth of knowledge and definitely enjoys his work.  The company is A+ with the BBB and all the reviews are stellar.  After this experience, I can see why.  Kevin performed maintenance then went over their service options without trying to up sell me.  He just listed the options and what could be done.  Due to the BBB rating and reviews, along with how awesome Kevin was, I decided to go ahead with their standard service option and am thrilled I did.  The only reason for 4 stars is I wish the company had a way to take credit cards remote like a phone reader or make payments online.  Paper is kind of overkill nowadays  :)
5	I had a new A/C installed yesterday 6/19/14 and they did not leave until 10pm after starting at 8:30am. They are dedicated and honest! I give major props to the owner Scott who came by about 9pm to help his crew out. I would recommend this company 100 times over!
5	I have used SMW for many years for routine maintenance on my a/c and heater.  I knew the unit was old, but for years they have been repairing it as needed, until finally they gave me the opinion that it needed to be replaced.  I had to wait a couple days for the scheduled replacement, and during that time the a/c died completely.  Scott came out to my house in the evening, just to see if there was anything he could do to get an extra day or two, but no luck.  They moved up my installation time, and there was no charge for the extra service visit.  I love my new unit and would never consider using any other company for my a/c needs.
1	Just received a Robo call from Daniel at 602-992-1930 to a do not call number at 7:45pm on 9/12/14. Do not do business with this sleazy company.
