5	To many people's surprise, just because I go to the gym six times a week and eat a healthy gluten-free diet does not mean that once in a while I don't crave cakes, muffins, cupcakes and most of all, BREAD. I love food. I MISS lots of food. I HAVE to eat gluten-free in order to avoid the overwhelming and consuming nausea, fatigue and pain I experience after eating something as simple as a piece of regular wheat bread. 10 years ago, bakeries that make gluten-free food may have existed, but everything tasted like a bad Saturday night hangover. However, it is not 10 years ago and now there are places like Beau Monde Bakery that have popped up in Las Vegas and make gluten-free people like myself go BANANAS!I was lucky enough to try three different items from Beau Monde's: Banana Bread, Coffee Cake and one of the most amazing cupcakes I've ever had, gluten or gluten-free. All three were moist, delicious and not overly sweet which made my taste buds full with happiness. The banana bread was subtle, soft and didn't need anything too fancy in around to get such a delicious, full flavor. The coffee cake gave me an overwhelming desire for sipping coffee on my porch while watching the sunrise. P.S. I hate coffee.Oh those cupcakes. I normally do not like chocolate cupcakes, let alone anything with a ton of frosting on top. Too sweet and frosting borders on overpowering the cupcake with a slick sugary coating. Beau Monde's cucpcakes? Perfect. Definitely not too sweet. The cupcake itself did not even taste like it was gluten-free. In fact, none of these items tasted overly gluten-free. Love it. However, the part that made this cupcake heavenly? The FROSTING. I don't like frosting, but Beau Monde's buttercream frosting was perfection. No greasy aftertaste, no powerful sugar shock to the taste buds and it tasted like it was quality, not processed. Top with a single chocolate chip and that cupcake made my month. I cannot wait to eat there again, especially during the holidays when I don't want to bake generic gluten-free mush.All together, Beau Monde's is a solid bakery, and the fact that they are also gluten-free is just like the buttercream frosting on their cupcakes. Perfection.
3	From the main street, you would never know that a bakery is in this little complex.  In fact, I drove by everyday for a month assuming it was a catering office.  But, I am so glad that I slowed down to read the sign and take a peak inside.  The 2 gals that were working were nice, and the ambience is cute.  There are comfy chairs and couches for those who want to enjoy their baked goods with a cup of coffee or tea inside the bakery.  I ordered a few cupcakes and pastries to take home to the family.  They range from $3.25-$4.00 each.  Personally, they weren't my favorite but my toddler daughter really enjoyed the cupcake frosting on every one we purchased.  I do plan to come back because there are other pastries and other cupcake flavors that I want to give a try. They also offer a wide selection of breads, all gluten free.  I have a niece who has Celiac disease and must be on a gluten free diet so I appreciate that this bakery is catering to them.
5	If you are gluten-free, this bakery is the place to be! I thought Udi's pizza crust was the only palatable option in town. Sammy's, B.J.'s and Mark Rich's Pizza should all buy their crust here. Craving cookies? Although they will never replace "real" chocolate chip cookies, these are yummy in my tummy.
5	Delicious, soft, light and gluten free breads! Absolutely love this place and can't wait to try more. So far I've had the Italian bread which is light, fluffy with a hint of rosemary and sea salt. I've also had the pizza crust which is definitely the BEST gluten free pizza crust I've ever had. Supper thin! Loved it!
2	Ok - so I wanted to buy my girls and their friends some good cupcakes - something special.  They are used to those crappy ones from Smiths.  I was thinking I couls stop by a bakery and pick up a dozen or so for 20 maybe 25 bucks... ??? So I found this bakery.  I stopped by - it nice inside.  There wasn't a whole lot of selection.  They had 3 cake plates with 4 different selections.  The cupcakes were $3.75 a piece!!!  Dang!!!  These cupcakes have to be amazing - I hope.  Well since the cupcakes were about 4 bucks each I was like I will take 5.  The lady said the cupcakes were gluten free... I guess that matters for some people but I don't even really know what that means, except that the cupcakes are gluten free.Also, these cupcakes are tiny.  They are smaller than a regular cupcake!Well, I couldn't bring myself to eat a $4 cupcake so I gave them to my girls and their friends.  The response was they are good.  Nobody said they are amazing.I will admit I am frugal, but I would pay $4 for a cupcake if it made a person say, "damn that is the best cupcake ever!"  But it didn't.  It made people say, "It is Good."So, I am not saying the cupcake was bad, but for $4 per cupcake... "Homie don't play that."
5	I saw they had a bakery on Buffalo so wanted to try it.  My daughter and I decided to try the cupcakes and banana bread. The cupcakes were fantastic, but the banana bread is even better. We didn't even know all the baked gods are gluten free, which may be a health benefit  to some. My daughter made me promise to take her back next friday after school because she saw they had those cake pops that are so popular. Thanks Beau Monde Bakery for being so good and close to my work!
2	This bakery is over-priced for mediocre pastries. The banana nut muffin was dry and the carrot cake was just okay and didn't have real cream cheese frosting. It was that weird whipped frosting stuff that is used on grocery store cakes. It actually tasted just like what you would find at the grocery store.
4	We stopped by Beau Monde this morning because my husband recently discovered that he's gluten intolerant, but it's still nice to have a pastry, muffin, or cake from time to time! We arrived at 8:45 and they didn't open until 9, but they waved us in anyway. Nice. The shop is really cute with a kind of shabby chic/French garden theme. They had 3 kinds of muffins, a basket of different types of cookies, coffee cake, bread, 2 quiches, tiramisu, red velvet cake, some chocolately/coffee-ish layered cake and a few other items. And everything is gluten-free! We splurged and even though it was breakfast, we had tiramisu, red velvet cake, the chocolatey/coffee cake, and some snickerdoodle cookies. They are ALL good and definitely did not have that "gluten-free" taste. They were a bit dry, but I think that's just part of GF food. I really would have never guessed it wasn't "normal" food.They also do custom cakes. What a relief for brides who are gluten-free!As we were leaving, one of the employees (maybe owner or manager?) gave us a list of GF restaurants in Vegas and some helpful websites, since we mentioned we were newly GF. Love that kind of customer service!I docked one star because although they do have espresso and a milk steamer, they don't have any flavors for their coffee drinks. I'm a vanilla latte or mocha gal and it would be great if they had a full espresso bar. Also, the food was all packaged in plastic boxes, even in the display case. Better to serve food on plates with actual silverware for customers who are eating in. I know, I'm being nit picky...but it just adds to the whole experience.We will definitely be back and are so glad we found Beau Monde!
4	This place is amazing, GF and I went for dinner and we got a half and half(small soup and half a sanwich).  It was PERFECT, I was very satisfied after eating it.  I want to try the breakfast also but It's tough getting up for it haha! I haven't tried any pastries because its a little far for me to go get a cupcake to try :P.  if I do ill update this review
3	Incredibly tasty gluten free treats. Opera cake, cake pops, cupcakes & cheesecake were amazing! Lower rating due to the lack of smiles & friendliness while we were there. The prices are a little high as well, but worth it. Improve the ambience, serve larger coffees, offer glassware to eat off of while there & have a more enthusiastic staff & it would have a much higher rating.  I do a lot of my own baking, if I lived here locally it wouldn't be worth the stop. Visiting Vegas and craving a GF treat...totally worth the stop.
4	Went gluten free about 4 months ago. This place filled the void left by some old favorite foods that I can't do. I gave one of the chocolate chip cookies to friend to try. She loved it. Never would have known if I didn't tell her. No way you could ever tell the cookie was gluten free. It's just a really good cookieThey rotate the bread schedule. I tried the flax seed. I'd like to try some of the others. It was okay. An acquired taste on that one for me. Definitely toast it then add a spread. I'll be back.....Oh very cool decor too!
5	If you're celiac or eating gf, this bakery is pristine which is imperative.  But oh, what a joy, what they're making is truly delicious.  Is that icing dairy free and sugar free?  no - it's the real thing, buttercream in all it's high fat loveliness...it is not grocery store crap - for the reviewer who is very sadly mistaken.  Everything that I've tasted so far is genuinely brilliant.  And I thought I'd never have cake again.  Do I eat it everyday?  No because I'm watching sugar, too, but what a joy to know that I don't have to figure out how to do it all myself because I was a crappy baker before I went gf...figuring out how to bake gf is incredibly difficult.  So thank you Beau Monde, thank you for putting a little sweetness back into my life.: )
5	Everything is yummy. But the owner's husband was not friendly and had no interest in hearing our request. Go for the food, not the friendly.
3	Gluten free. Bakery. Cute. Clean. Friendly.I stopped here with a friend today to check out this bakery. It happens to be on a side of town I do not frequent very often so the likelihood I would come back here is slim to none. That aside, the bakery offers lovely looking breads, cupcakes, brownies, cookies, and other sweet delights.I have no reason to eat gluten free, but I enjoyed the brownie I purchased. It was thick, sweet, chocolaty, and had a nice dense texture. However, at $4+ I doubt I would indulge in such a pricey treat too often. ;)
5	Oh.  My.  Gawd.  I literally BEGGED my husband to take me here and we finally made it the day before we left Vegas.  I had a vanilla cupcake with vanilla frosting and I think if anyone had reached near my mouth they would have lost fingers!  It was THE best gluten free cupcake I have ever had.  I also bought a loaf of their bread and, that too, was the best GF bread I've ever had.One question.  Will you please open a store in Upstate NY???  I wish we had a bakery like that at home!!!
5	I do NOT have a gluten intolerance.That said, I am always open to sampling baked goods of all sorts, including gluten-free goodies.  Beau Monde has been in the back of my head for a LONG time for two reasons: 1) it's a bakery!, 2) it's been recommended by several of my gluten-intolerant students.Ok.  Finally got a chance to stop here first thing in the morning a couple of days ago and WOW.  The interior is so cute and the display of baked goods stopped me in my tracks.  What to choose???  After much deliberation, I selected a piece of carrot cake, a caramel iced cupcake, and a package of snickerdoodles.  All were fabulous and yes, they didn't "taste like they were gluten-free."  [I ate all but 2 of the snickerdoodles MYSELF that day, piggie that I am.]  The cake was moist and topped with a delectable cream cheese frosting.  The cupcake was soft and cakey in the best way possible with enough icing to satisfy my sweet tooth but not too much like other cupcakes (as in, would you like some cupcake with that icing?).  The cookies had a nice crunch and were satisfyingly spiced with cinnamon and other lovely things.I am happy that there is a FANTASTIC bakery option for my GF (and non GF) friends in this city.  I want to try the bread and see if that's as good as I think.  The prices are a little higher than normal, but since the ingredients are a bit more specialized, that's ok.  In case it wasn't obvious, I am coming back for more.  :)
2	The first trip was great. my second one....nope. must've given me the worst cupcake left over from their worst batch. yes the interior is "cute" and the staff was ok a little stand offish but they did their job. i won't be back because of the lack of consistency.
5	They really do make the best gluten free bakery treats ever. The artisan bread isn't my favorite, but if you ever have a chance to pre-order a baguette DO IT, they're great. So are the cupcakes, muffins, coffee cakes, pina colada cake and everything else. I hate cake pops in general, but the ones they make are pretty good.  The staff is always very nice and helpful. The prices are what they are, it's for gluten free products and they are good! Go buy a 4 pack of Udi's blueberry muffins for $8.00 and when you can't finish them because they are dry and unappetizing then tell me how big of a deal $3.50 is for a really great blueberry muffin. It's worth it. I have to spend more because I'm gluten free, although not by choice, but still it's worth it for a treat, it's not like I'm doing my month's worth of shopping here. If gellato on the strip is $8.00 for a scoop then what's wrong with $4.00 for a cupcake? I drive over from Centennial about once a month and usually can buy a box of something discounted from the freezer in addition to a couple fresh treats. YUM, cute and absolutely no possibility of cross contamination!
5	After reading Wheat Belly and having blood work come back pre diabetic, my husband and I decided to banish the original GMO food from our diet for 6 months to see if it effects our blood work and health.The thought of never having bread and pizza and desert again had both of us a little bummed.  I have been searching for alternatives.  This is the very best alternative I can think of.  In the summer the last thing I want to do is heat up the house with an experiment that might not work.All of their breads and treats have been delicious so far.  We ate a whole loaf of cheese flatbread after the first visit.  On Saturdays they discount 6 packs to sell out inventory before days they are closed.  They make special orders and sell their flour and breadcrumbs!  My husband loved the Pina Colada cake, the muffins(Blueberry and Lemon poppyseed} were delicious.  Yes their frosting is outstanding.  Real ingredients in small batches is indeed evident.  I ordered a baguette and can make and enjoy fresh bruschetta, a summertime favorite with real bread!Hours are funky so check before you go.  Worth every effort.
5	I only wish Vegas wasn't a 5 hour drive. Or maybe that's good because the stuff from this place is so good I'd eat it all the time. That said, my introduction was a couple of years ago I was planning a trip to Vegas and researched Gluten Free options. As soon as I had a chance I drove to the bakery. CLOSED! I was very disappointed, but figured, "Oh well." I've been disappointed by GF bread, pastries, etc so many times, I didn't figure it was a great loss. Fast forward to last March when I attended a GF expo in Pasadena where I sampled several items. EVERYTHING I had was delicious. My husband who does not eat GF could not believe it was regular bread. NOW, I felt really crummy at what I've missed. I began to follow Beau Monde on Facebook in anticipation of  ordering for shipment or another trip to Vegas (Maybe just to get some of the goods!) One day I received a message from Melissa who offered to send me an order via her mother's neighbor. Her mom lives in So Cal too and would meet me to bring me my order. I was really amazed. Of course the bakery makes money on my order, but let's face it that's also a lot of effort to go to for a customer to enjoy a few things. Everything is fabulous. I have to make myself eat only one thing at a time. I cannot wait for another delivery whether by personal delivery, shipping or a road trip I make for a treat. This stuff truly is the best I've had. In fact the coffee cake muffins are every bit as good as Mimi's or other specialty baked goods. They are pricey, but all GF food is pricey. These are edible unlike the Udi's cinnamon rolls I bought and threw out for nearly $10 for a four-pack. That happens a lot. There's a lot of bad GF food.
5	Back story, went on a paleo diet (caveman diet) about a month ago from this review in support for my wife who was having health problems. The day before we ate at a buffet and had the plethora of desserts, while the desserts were pleasing to the eye, they were not pleasing to our stomachs from all the processed sugar, so I sought out a bakery that would hopefully be more pleasing to our digestion. I found Beau Monde Bakery and my taste buds have never been more grateful. We had a pumpkin cake pop, a slice of carrot cake, and a chocolate brownie. All three were moist, we could taste all the flavors and none of them left a sugary aftertaste in our mouth, like our buffet experience. Thank you Beau Monde Bakery for the palate pleasing treats and can't wait to come back on my next trip to Vegas.
5	Nice place to get your hands on gluten free fresh baked goods, the Bread Specialist named Amnesty will be pleasant and happy to serve you. We are looking for a bakery to sprout up like this in Seattle.  Pleeese!
2	Cute place, high priced cup cakes for the size. Nice that it's gluten free but I spent $30 and really can't say any thing I bought was memorable
5	Gluten Free bakery!!!  Woohoo!!I went strict paleo last year, lost 50 lbs and found out gluten was causing me lots of pain and suffering.  From that finding, I am 100% gluten free but can do grains occasionally.I Yelped "gluten free" and this bakery came up.  I read the reviews and I was determined to go during my 2 week vacation in Vegas.  Luckily it's on our way to Trader Joe's so I was able to knock those two items off of my "to-do" list in one day.From the outside the bakery looks closed and there weren't many cars in front of the shops.  My mom said, I think it's closed.  I said, no, I yelped it before and it said it was open.  Yelp didn't fail me as I pulled on the door handle; it was open!The decor is homey and comfy with some tables and seats available inside and outside.  My mom asked "are we going to eat it here?"  I said, "no, we're taking it home to share with everyone else (my auntie)".  She was a little disappointed bcs she likes cute coffee shops and stuff.  Someone from the back came out to greet us and I asked if everything was gluten free and I smiled when she said "yes" and I said "you just made me very happy".  I asked what her favorites were and she recommended a few items and I ended up with a slice of Triple chocolate cake, The Opera cake and a small loaf of cinnamon raisin bread.  There are two flavors they offer each day so it changes and they also have flatbreads, coffee cakes, muffins and cupcakes available.The base of their recipes is rice flour and I used to use rice flour and usually its used for mochi type sticky baked goods.  This bakery has found a perfect balance for the rice flour and the cakes were delicious!  They were moist, flavorful, has enough density and my family all said that it tasted like regular cake.  WIN!  It was however a little too sweet for us, even when we didn't eat all the frosting on top.The bread had an airiness to it, it didn't have the same texture as regular bread but it was close enough, it was a little spongy.  I had one plain and then I had one toasted and I prefer it lightly toasted.  With gluten free times, they last a while and you can freeze it.  I would love a gluten free bakery like this in Hawai'i, I would go at least once a week when I don't want to bake.Some ppl complained about the prices but to me it was decently priced.  The bread was $9.99/lb and you can ask for a smaller loaf.  The cakes were about $4.50 each but they were huge slices and after two eatings with many ppl having some, we still have some left over.  The muffins were around $3.  They also had cookies but I didn't catch the price on those.  Would I be back?  Oh hell yes!  I would shrink it and put it in my pocket to take with me if I could.  I'll probably go back one last time before I leave to pick up a muffin for the flight home.
4	I ordered a gluten free birthday cake from Beau Monde Bakery for my birthday party this past weekend. It was amazing! see the picture of it! It was 2 tiers with a cherry blossom design and for being gluten free it tasted pretty good. The only problem was the top started to bubble before my event (see the second picture) but all in all it was good and looked amazing. I will be ordering from Beau Monde again in the future.
4	I give this a 4 stars, Would give 5 stars if they offered more fruity type of options, like fruit filling cupcakes, etc. Since I am GF, I love this bakery for that rare treat.  The best part, my non-GF friends and family members love this place too.
3	I wonder..do gluten free people just get used to the taste of different tasting pastries? My mom just recently went gluten free because of a health condition, so I've been trying to find places to bring her so we can all eat and support her diet. I have to say it has been hard and a struggle starting out as "first timers" So her doctor told her about this bakery and that it sold gluten free desserts and breads. So we decided to drive over one day and try the place out! When we walked in, it looked almost like a small coffee shop or deli rather than a bakery, but it was cute with a display shelf and baskets of cupcakes, muffins and breads! It's really home-y almost.We tried out chocolate banana nut muffin, coffee cake, and two red velvet cake pops. I have to say that I didn't really enjoy it. At first I thought that I just might not be used to the taste, but I had other people test it out too. Our conclusion was, everything that we tasted was dry and bland. The cake pop, however, might have been better if they whipped up gluten free icing instead of using white chocolate because it would have kept the cake more moist! The prices were just okay. In my opinion, the bread was just too expensive to even consider buying without them handing out a sample to try. It was just too small of a loaf. Oh, yes, yes--gluten free baking items are more expensive to buy and make things, but since being gluten free can be a serious health condition, people are REALLY looking for places to rely on so that they can be safe from gluten! It's a tough world out there, and more companies are making gluten free items more accessible and cheaper in the regular market!!I haven't decided if I'm coming back, but if I do, it'll be to taste something else!
5	A few members in our family have gluten intolerances.  My husband suggested having gluten free cupcakes at our wedding to accommodate those guests, but I was concerned that those without dietary restrictions wouldn't enjoy them.  When we tasted the cakes, I was stunned to find that they were as good as any other cupcake.  Moist, delicious, and the buttercream/cream cheese frosting was exceptional.  Our wedding was in Temecula, CA, and the staff expertly packed them and froze them for the 3 hour drive.  We stored them in our venue's fridge for two days, and they turned out great.  They were a big hit for everyone... No one even missed the gluten!  The prices were totally average for wedding cupcakes, but the product was far superior.
5	I've had one caramel cupcake, a coffee cake and one blueberry and banana nut muffin and they were awesome! They're moist and delicious. Can't wait to try more from them!
5	Great gluten free bakery. We asked about ordering a specific loaf, and she was very accommodating to our request. Even picked up our loaf the next morning, and it was warm and fresh baked. She gave us instruction on storing it to last longer too.
4	I purchasd the italian bread- it was delicious. Better then any other gluten free baked goods i've had from whole foods.
5	Doing my research on local bakeries, sampling a few items so I can experiment with a few recipes for my future business..I come a cross a local bakery.."Beau Monde"... Wonderful staff, very friendly, very knowledgeable. this was my first time trying Gluten-free desserts!!!  I've gone to dessert heaven..I highly recommend the tiramisu!The place is nicely decorated, you can eat your dessert, relax. I've gone to several other bakeries, there items might be a little cheaper BUT..i must say theirs were much smaller and dud NOT taste as delicious as they did here. The size of the cake balls..oh my!!
4	Having a chronic disease and eating gluten-free for a long time, I've been diligently searching Vegas for bakeries that are GF-friendly. I have to say that Beau Monde is a treasure that's hidden on the cross streets of Buffalo and Smoke Mountain. You'd drive right by if you didn't know as the signage isn't the greatest. I've tried most of the desserts - the cake pops, the cupcakes, etc. But I have to say that my favorite is the Carrot Cake. It tastes just like the real deal! Highly recommended. I tried some GF buns with some pulled pork and they were just so-so. I haven't tried the other breads.
4	Items Selected:Banana BreadPumpkin Cake with White Chocolate IcingCallebaut Chocolate BrowniePecan PieBrought to my attention by a truly inspirational young woman entrusted to my care for two autoimmune endorinopathies in addition to biopsy proven Celiac disease I decided to take a look at Beau Monde Bakery on Saturday morning largely as a point of reference, the rumor of "really great" gluten free baked goods something I simply had to see to believe.  With a retail shop located on North Buffalo and items featured in several of Sin City's most celebrated resorts it was just past 8:30am when I entered the small storefront and immediately greeted by a young woman happy to engage in conversation, answer questions, and offer samples I must say I was immediately impressed - the cozy confines with shabby chic seating awash in sunlight reflecting off stainless steel cases and glass domes beneath rustically styled crystal chandeliers.  Amused by anecdotes of customers who drive excessive distances to get their gluten-free fix and pleased to hear that the recent trend of 'intolerance' and fad diets has only served to help raise awareness for those who truly suffer from the disease it was with bites of rich chocolate cake and coffee soaked tiramisu that my impression of Beau Monde began to form and eventually crafting a small order of personal favorites to the tally of $16.72 I took my items to go, the quartet consumed with coffee throughout the hours between breakfast and lunch - neither of which were remotely gluten free.  Taking into account my personal predilection for cakes over cookies and quick breads over savory options such as Beau Monde's oft-raved flatbreads or tortilla it was with a small banana muffin that my tasting began and unfortunately finding the fruit's flavor far too subtle while the texture was somewhat akin to a sponge I was happy to quickly discover that this was the exception rather than the rule, each of the following selections proving every bit as good as more 'traditional' versions - the pumpkin cake dense and full of spice beneath lightly sweetened frosting while the brownie was rich and creamy with the tooth of a flourless chocolate cake draped in bold, bitter ganache.  At this point appropriately impressed it was finally the Pecan Pie that I approached with wide eyes and utilizing a thin, crisp shell to house toasted nuts tossed in molasses laced with brown sugar the result succeeded where so many others fail, the sweetness present without overwhelming the subtleties of smoke and butter while the texture was not 'sticky' in the least.No more expensive than the artisan goods at Bouchon, Payard, Chocolate and Spice, or several other local bakeries while entirely outperforming overrated spots like Patisserie Manon it is truly a challenge for someone who isn't afflicted with some form of gluten intolerance, whether real or assumed, to appreciate just how important a bakery like Beau Monde truly is, yet try as I might I'm happy to say that all-in-all the results were impressive...and not just for 'gluten free' products either, but for baked goods as a whole.
5	I've been eating gluten free just over a year for health reasons (against my will). It was a hard transition because I LOVE baked goods. Just seeing cupcake stores broke my heart a little.One day a friend told me about this bakery and I had a coffee cake muffin (like a cupcake without frosting). It changed my life. For the most part, I have accepted I cannot have the treats everyone else has (everywhere and often). When I feel like I can't go another day I swing by this place and get a six pack of muffins and all is well with my world again.The interior is adorable and as soon as one walks inside the staff is very attentive and helpful. I usually stick to the muffins but they have frosted cupcakes, pie, birthday cakes and so on. It makes me feel like I am getting a break from my health issues and I don't have to settle for the gross, barely palatable stuff from the Gluten Free aisle at the grocery store.THANK YOU Beau Monde!!!!!!!!!
5	This is the very best Gluten free bakery!  Absolutely love their breads & the pastries are awesome! May be a little pricey,  but well worth every penny! !   Please go & try them!! You will not be disappointed . I understand that the Carrot cake is dynamite!  I have tried their Brioche rolls...Yummy! !!
4	We craved some pastries, as always tooke out an iPhone and searched on Yelp, found Beau Monde Bakery nearby, which had a great review. Why not!Then we bought orange bread and chocolate muffin. Didn't disappoint! The interior is cute, too.Even though we're not cupcake eaters, we do like good pastries - we just don't like icing and frosting. Those sugarcoatings unnecessarily hide the true value of the mastery of a baker, that best appreciated without.Beau Monde Bakery did a great job in the essential part of the enjoyment. Even though we're not a gluten-free seeker safely recommend this bakery to anyone.
3	My GF son and I were excited to go out of our way today to visit and sample any goodies available at this bakery..When I got there.. The decor was nice.. but the case was maybe 1/3rd of the way filled with day old plus+ slices of cake, cake pops, dried out rock hard cookies on counter, and they were only selling Udi's tasting frozen sliced up bread.. $9.99 per pound was super disappointing!! The positives: coffee cake muffin (made with whipped egg whites was very light like a cupcake...) light texture was pleasant without any after taste, but I don't know I would call it a muffin per say...Oh, the cakes were definitely decorated by a professional pasty chef.. And they wholesale to the local hotels.. So maybe that's their nitch?!? ) Overall, thankful they are trying to fill a missing nitch... But for the price and quality and lack of selection, I wouldn't go out of my way again to visit... I wish them the very best, and hope they can offer more of fresh selection in the future!
