5	This is one of my favorite places in all of Las Vegas. The Art Gallery always has the most amazing pieces, and if I were rich, I'd buy everything! My favorite part of the Armory is that every 3rd Saturday of the month they hold a super fun event from around 7pm - Midnight. Tons of people come, there is music, food, drinks and of course ... art! Definitely check this place out, and get your wallet ready because you will want to buy some amazing things. :)
5	What a plethora of talent all under one roof!!  One can simply not have enough pieces of art from each member of this artistic community. A must see place.
5	This place is awesome! Really cool art and great local shows. These guys are really keeping the local music and art scene alive in vegas! Go check them out! Really nice people working and it's hipster free!
5	I honestly have never met such an amazing and eclectic group of artists and people. They all have awesome art and individuality, provide awesome live music and events all the time. Probably one my most favorite places to hang out and do the occasional crafts :)
5	This place is pretty small and extremely hot but has lots of good energy :) it's a great atmosphere... would be nice if they had A/C or at least big fans
5	This town needs an enema!!Well, here it is ya jerk!!Artistic Armory combines everything you like about an underground music club with elements of an actual, organic independent art scene. It is the opposite of First Friday, a refreshing alternative to seeing bands in filthy bars, and the antithesis of hanging out at the mall.I used the bathroom... once...The bar tenders are great!! There's a tall dude with strong hands and a pretty girl who likes to talk about different ways to cook chicken (women love chicken).Check out their Facebook page for a listing of upcoming events.The website is maintained by some dude named Gus (I guess he is an employee and/or web designer), and contains about as much useful information as one of those hooker trading cards you get on the strip. The Artistic Armory a roof, which is great and really compliments the floor, which I once cleaned up baby carrots off of. My only complaint is that some drunk with tattoos and a beard kept banging into me and spilling my drink. I attempted to complain to management, but a tattooed guy with a beard said that my vague description was not going to help him narrow down the assailant. Overall, your experience will be based on what you make of your time at The Artistic Armory. Just don't talk to anyone in a black t-shit with a band name printed on it and you should be fine. Mention this Yelp! post for free admission to the next show!!
5	Cool spot! Bought tickets for my friends band that was playing & for $10 it was the cover then three beers. It's nothing fancy, but fun for friends that want to chill & get off their asses!! The artwork is amazing. Would purchase some of the one of a kind gems when the funds serve me better!
5	The Artistic Armory is one of the greatest places we have in Vegas right now. You can look at cool art (and buy most of it), watch bands play (like 1-3 times a week), get a drink at the bar (theres boozes!), eat cupcakes (sometimes vegan ones OH YES) and many other fun things happen there. Its in a good location, in my opinion, near the strip but not close enough to have to deal with that sh*tty ass traffic. Dustin is one of my favorite people. Hes a funny tattooed guy with a beard. He puts on some great events, like every third Saturday is an art gallery type shin-dig. Kara runs the bar and shes cool too. She runs Suicide Queen Cupcakes as well and OH MY GAWD you guys they are delicious!Maybe be a little hard to find the first time. Its on Reno and Arville.  If you come from tropicana turn onto arville, make a right on to reno, and then a right into the plaza/centre. itll be straight ahead on the right but its best to park in the parking spots closer to reno. Support the scene, support local bands, support local artists, and be cool.
5	The Armory is badass. If you're an artist or appreciate art of any medium, Artistic Armory is for you. You're surrounded by all sorts of art of all sorts of themes when you enter, and often times there is live music to add to it! Next door, many artists rent spots to create the art that is displayed inside. Basically, you're consumed by art from the second you arrive to the second you leave, should you ever decide to leave. Also a rad X-Men arcade game and a rad Gus the party animal.
