1	They claim to have a superior sandwich but when you have 100 options, that's just not possible. It's exactly what you might expect from a sub chain, except it's more expensive. Lastly, I ordered bacon on my sandwich and did not get any, so that made my decision to not return pretty easy.
2	Yuk is the only word I have for this sub chain.  I went here for the first time today and my sandwich was the most disgusting mess I've EVER had as a sub.  I had a "simple" ham sub, who could ruin that, right?  They did.  First of all, the line was to the door, so they won't care about this review, but this review is about saving you some money and not spending it here.  My bread was stale.  I ordered mustard on my sandwich and it.was.coated. in mustard.  So much mustard was on it that it was all over the outside of the bread.  The hot pepper mix didn't taste like typical giardinara (sp?).  There were literally 2 pieces of ham that spanned my 7 inch sub.  I ended up throwing away half the sandwich because it was so bad.  My lunch total came to over $7.00 for a 7 inch sub and a rice krispy treat.  I'm sorry, but there are much better sub places than this in my opinion.  I would even take that place with $5 footlongs over this place, so that's saying a lot.  The only reason this gets 2 stars instead of one is that the employees were friendly.
2	If you're going to claim sandwich superiority, you'd better deliver.  This place is a shade better than Quizno's, but not by much.  The ordering process is tedious.  The store layout isn't convenient.  It's just not a great place.  Better than Subway, worse than Jimmy John's or Milio's.
1	I ordered the avocado & tomato on wheat.  I also ordered other things to go on this sub but I couldn't tell if they were on their by taste or not.  The ooshy gooshy avocado was big time overkill and completely dominated the sandwich.  Now I love avocado, I'll eat it straight with a spoon ya'll, but this avocado mash was border line rotten, yet surprisingly tasteless goop.  It oozed and leaked all over the place.  I think I just ate a green slime sammich.  Not that anyone would be shocked to know this, but I felt ill after eating it.  However, since this place is brand new in the Sun Prairie area I'm willing to give them another chance sometime down the road.  But I won't be ordering the avocado sludge monster again.
3	Had the special of the month "shrimp Po boy" it was pretty good the shrimp was hot the bread was toasty and had a nice kick. Came with a bag of "voodoo" chip's wich were interesting like a cross between salt and vinegar and bbq. Service was kind of slow and the seating was kind of spartan. Will go back if the mood arises but not going to go out of my way .
4	I had a BLT with avocado, spinach and cheddar. I was a bit nervous at all the choices. But it was hot, the bread was nicely toasted, the bacon was nicely copied up into chunks which made it great for eating. Veggies were fresh.You have limited interaction with the staff, counter person who took our order was friendly. Seating isn't great. It's uncomfortable and sparse. Sorta like they want you to take it and GO.
3	Had the poor boy; the sandwich was marginal; concerned that it took too long to get the sandwich; had a number of young people working, I think five and only making sandwiches; not a bad idea but the owners need to be paying better attention at night
2	I probably won't return. I've been noticing these chains popping up all over the Dane County area and decided to stop by for lunch with a co worker while I was in Sun Prairie.What I like is that as soon as you walk in, you're greeted by someone who helped you with the process if you're a first timer. This is very different from other sandwich places. You go up to a station where all of their sandwiches are written in bags. So if you want a turkey sandwich, you crab the brown paper bag that has written in the back all of the turkey options they have. They do the same for beef, tuna, veggie, chicken, etc. You grab the bag of the sandwich you want and on the bag, you mark with a provided sharpie all of the toppings you want. This is a really neat idea. I liked the selection process. When you've marked your bag with all of your toppings, which they do provided a lot of choices I must admit, you take the bag to the register to pay and the bag is sent to sandwich artist. They put the finished sandwich in the same bag with your selections. Again, very cool idea. When're sandwich is done, they call you by name. There is a place on the bag for you to put your name down. However, they are overpriced for their quality of food. You get to pick from three different bread sizes, 6, 10.5 and 14 inches. For a 10.5 inch, it's $8.25 if you don't add toppings that are priced extra.   The sandwich was just OK. Nothing special. They gave me the wrong mustard but it wasn't a huge deal. My biggest issue is that there isn't any combo special. At least that is not what was told to me. For a 10.5 inch sandwich with not extra priced toppings and a small bag of chips, it was over $10. Had I added a pop, I would have been close to $12. It's a lot of money for a sandwich that's very basic and some chips. If the sandwiches were gourmet or other products were locally made, I totally could see the justification of price. However, the sandwich was just basic.  I prefer Quiznos or Pot Bellys over Which Wich to be honest. I had a lot of toppings on mines, but my sandwich was overwhelmed with mayor and horseradish. I couldn't even taste the other toppings. Doubtful i'd return. They aren't  terribly bad but they are far from greatness. The experience of picking your sandwich is cool but that's really the only positive I have from my first time experience. I can at least day I tried it and seen what they had to offer. Now I know and I won't be returning. I've had better sandwiches elsewhere.
1	Extremely overpriced.  My toasted sandwich was hard and it did not have very much ham on it for the price.  Our sandwich orders were not correct and it took over 20 mins for them to make 3 sandwiches.  They had about 4 people working on making the sandwiches and they weren't busy, so I don't know what took so long.  We also ordered a couple of shakes.  It cost 50 cents extra to have one with banana.  The food comes up as they make it.  So, if you are in a group, you don't get it at the same time.  The drinks and sandwiches just come out randomly.  Sometimes they called out our name, sometimes they didn't.  Our second shake sat on the counter for awhile.  I finally went up to the counter and just took the shake.  The few people in the restaurant looked annoyed waiting for their orders.  The only positive was the the friendly person that greeted us when we came in and explained how to order a sandwich.
3	I revisited Which Wich.  I had no plans to do so, but my kid was having a bad day and wanted to go there (she thinks that all food places should make you write your order on a bag now...).  Nothing had changed since my first review, but I ordered the Gyro sub this time.  Now, I'll go a good distance for a solid gyro. They're one of my favorite entrees. I love a really good gyro.  The gyro sub at Which Wich is entirely solid. The meat was nice and flavorful, the tzatziki was creamy, but delicate. The fact that they served it on a whole wheat bun (because I asked for it), did no damage to the overall familiar gyro flavors, and I have to say that I was pretty impressed by it. I wish they'd put in a few more comfortable seats. The stools at the tall tables are horrendous. I just stood to eat instead, given that all the normal tables were taken.It's still just a sandwich shop, but I'll be going back if for no other reason than to get that gyro sub.
3	Update 8/13/2014:Tried the online ordering and was impressed.  The site itself was slow, not sure what was going on, took 30 seconds after clicking on something, but it worked.  I was able to specify my sandwich and details and pay & pick a time to pickup.  I got there a few minutes before, skipped the register and went to the pickup counter, told them, they handed it to me, and I walked out.  Couldn't be easier than that.  Only complaint was they must have made it when I ordered it because it wasn't a "hot" which anymore....._______________________________________________________________Updated review (original below):Had a sandwich for a work lunch and also stopped in once more during my lunch.  The sandwiches were definitely better than the dry Pastrami.   Had the corned beef, hot, with swiss cheese and mustard + pickles.  Definitely a good one.Also, when Is stopped in the second time, it was faster (although it wasn't really busy).  Upped my star from 2* to 3*.Original review:Stopped in at 11:30am on a Tuesday and was not impressed with the speed.  First, there is chaos with people writing their order on bags where the line is.  Is it a line?  Or is it a place to fill out your sandwich?  One lady cut in front of me because I passed her having decided already.  Three people in front of me.  Took me 15 minutes to get my sandwich.  That is an unacceptable turnaround time.There was a manger just standing there looking at things walking around but really not doing anything to improve the service.Sandwich..  Below average.  Pastrami on Rye with Mustard (their current special).  Extremely dry pastrami and soggy bread.  $9.00Given the slow turnaround (at 11:30 mind you), below average food, yet equivalent to Jake's Deli in Milwaukee's price (which would be a mouth watering Pastrami), and ineffective management, I cannot think of a reason to return.But, that's just me.
1	Gross. Really slow service, pricey, and poor quality. Never again. There are much better sammich spots. Actually, I'd rather eat at a gas station.
1	I eat at the Middleton location a few times a month since I work nearby, and even when the line is out the door, you get what you want quickly and from competent individuals. This is definitely not what I experienced at the Sun Prairie location last night. It was two hours til closing, so I'm not really sure why all four employees looked at me like i had just wrecked their evening by entering the store. There was one couple in there already eating and other than that, it was empty. I filled out my bag for a hummus sandwich and took it to the front. The girl who rang it up glared at me when I said hi to her. She gave me my total before I could even ask for chips and a drink, and seemed exasperated when I did so anyway. Well, I'm paid and getting my drink and waiting for four employees to make my sandwich - the only order in the restaurant. Folks, this took almost 20 minutes. For some hummus and veggies to be spread on some bread. 20 freaking minutes. I took it home and opened it to eat as I'm starving now. Not one single veggie. I had nearly every vegetable on my bag marked, and all I got was hummus on bread. No cheese. No dressings or sauces. No veggies. NOTHING. Four rude employees. 20 minutes waiting in an empty shop. Nothing on my sandwich. This place is awful and I will never return.
3	I have had a few different sandwiches here, some are definitely better than others. I like the grinder, and add pesto to mine.  They have a nice variety of toppings available, which I think make or break the sandwich.  I would agree with other reviewers that they are overpriced and have a serious seating comfort problem. Going here with my 3 and 5 year old is a problem due to the mainly tall stool seating arrangement.
5	Love this place. First trip was not the best but tried again and they won me over. Loved the quickness and food.
2	Management lacking. Non uniformed people behind counter. Some clown in red jacket and hat that leaned on the counter and jawed with the employees the entire time we were there (see pictures). No he was not a customer. Some project with a broom behind the counter makes me happy they made my sandwich before dirt was stirred up. Hire a manager that will keep order. It's not a clubhouse for your employees friends.
