3	Liberty Station is located where Eureka Grill use to be at! Same format, they just changed the decor, I had the chicken fried steak, with mashed potatoes. I wanted their fries(they called freedom fries, not french fries) But they were out? mashed potatoes were very good, and the chicken fried steak was also very good. Wife had the pot roast, and mashed potatoes. 1st their mashed potatoes were cold, not cooked all the way? Put everything else seems to be OK. They just opened, so we are going to give them a chance. They need to improve on a few things. Prices are a little on the pricey side.
4	4 of us dined here recently on the recommendation of the other 2 who had been here just days prior. The food and service were both very good. The entire staff was  friendly, courteous, and helpful. The salmon, potroast, salads and dressing were definitely fresh and very tasty, as were the fries and mashed potatoes. I don't feel the prices are too high at all. In fact they are very reasonable for everyhting you're getting. I'd have given them a 5 star rating, but for the fact that in response to my question, I was assured that the mashed potatoes were not "garlic". Unfortunately they were and are. They were cheerfully exchanged for a baked potatoe.Give this place a chance. We'll definitely be back!
2	Well...the second time around wasn't as good. Two people had the potroast. It was dry, and delivered lukewarm, at best. In addition to salad or soup, you get 2 sides. We ordered the baked potato, also not cooked well, and a vegetable. To our surprise, the potroast is served with boiled or redskin potatoes. Had that been listed on the menu, then we certainly would  have ordered something other than a   baked potato....duh!... It would have been nice if the server told us that. Another person had the chicken pot pie, which was described as "ok"....but not as good as Swansons! The 4th member of our party had the meatloaf, which he liked, but was also not nearly the right temperature. The service was very good, notwithstanding the faux pax of the potato fiasco. Draw your own conclusions.
1	Visiting the area...Was planning on stoping by after I visited the nearby salon.... HOWEVER.......!!!! I will Never return!!!! Since there we NO cars out front I thought it would be okay if I parked in front of the restaurant, run over to the salon (make an appointment) and stop by the restaurant for a bite to eat and a beer. After some lady from the restaurant attempted to repremand me for parking in front, I will not return. And her attitude of "I could care less if you were planning on coming here" was enough for me to write this. I believe our exact exchange of words were...ME: "I won't be eating here."Crazy parking lady: "Thats fine by me!"Horrible customer service! Watch out for the crazy parking lady!!
4	Good wholesome food served in a friendly, casual atmosphere.  I love the fact that the owners are very "visible" in this establishment, both "on the floor" and  "in the back".Burgers are great, and the ruben is to die for!  It's a pity that I never have room for desert because I heard that they have an award winning Key Lime Pie!Good food, good service, reasonable prices - what more could you ask for!
3	Needed to do Happy Hour. Cruising down Bell Ave and saw Liberty Station. Came in at 4:50 & got seated right away. I sat on the 'restaurant' side, not knowing there was a bar side. Got a G'Knight IPA by Oskar Blues brewery. Ordered the Alaskan Cod Cakes from the appetizers menu. 2 cakes. Very good. Waitress was friendly. It took a long time to get my cod cakes. The waitress said Chef is making them by hand and asked did I mind waiting. Overall it was worth the wait. Liberty Station is a good place & worth a try
4	2 HOURS !!!!!OK I just got back from a late lunch at Liberty Station. I promised them a review within 2 hours so here goes:I had dinner once at Eureka Grill which is now Liberty Station. When I went in to the building my first thought was...YIKES it is still barren in decor. My wife and I went to the lounge / bar area for the meal today. Hands down......better food and service now then when it was Eureka Grill...I understand there are still some of the original owners involved somehow. So here is the breakdown.TASHA behind the bar is very pleasant and fun to be served by. She has a good sense of humor and more importantly was GENUINE. She was knowledgeable about the bar and their food menu. Tasha was a highlight of the meal.KEVIN aka gold medal key lime pie guy !!! Really good key lime pie. I made a deal with him....if he gave me a piece of key lime pie when I got back from Las Vegas next week I would write a comparison to a place in Vegas that is known for their key lime pie. I will do so late next week !!! Kevin and I went to the same culinary school so we had a connection from the get go. Kevin is a very talented pastry chef and his passion shows in his finished product.PARKING LOT LADY ....aka Jodi. One of the owners and very much a delight. Shoots straight and new to the Surprise area from Atlanta. Very nice pleasant woman who took time to talk to her guests. I enjoyed meeting her. Having the owner(s) present and accesible is a huge plus in my ratings. Good luck wih the restaurant Jodi and all owners.THE FOOD My wife had the shrimp tacos and I had the prime rib sandwich. The tacos were EXTREMELY fresh and flavorful. Presented in an eye pleasing manner and portion size was generous. She enjoyed them fully. My sandwich was prepared well with plenty of flavor from the au jus. The meat was tender and well portioned. I opted for grilled muhrooms on the sandwich on Tasha's advice and it was a very good suggestion along with the sandwich. I asked for well done " burnt" fries and they did it.....uncommon for restaurants to get such a simple request right and they did. As i said above the key lime pie is really good....looking forward to writing the comparison next week.JUST A CUSTOMER  Some  lady sitting at the bar who laughed at our conversation. Nice to have met you.OK TASHA...GO TO ED DEBEVIK'S and HARRY CAREY'S. OH 1 more thing we will be back to see you soon.
4	Kevin,Your key lime pie is head and shoulders better then Joe's Seafood and Prime in Las Vegas. You win my friend. Well done !!
1	Went for wine Wednesday and to have some dinner. Decor is nice in the bar but tacky in the dining area. I asked for a wine list and was given a piece of paper with the server's handwriting on it. I declined the wine after that but the others I went with ordered some. The server came back to say that the wine they had ordered was not available this evening. They ordered a different glass. The server came back again and said that was also not available.    My party settled on a wine that was available and after delivering it the server said she needed to do her paperwork and asked if we were done. I guess so lady! So we went in for wine Wednesday for wine and dinner and left with having cheap wine and no dinner. Will not be going back.
2	Third time visit. No reason to increase the stars. Rib Eye Steak tough but edible. Meat Loaf was high quality but not warm enough. Ditto for vegetables. This place has to do a better of job of serving food at the right temperature. This is a consistent problem. The shrimp bow tie pasta was ok, but swimming in loose sauce and onions.The servers here are pleasant, caring, and efficient.They were out of Salmon, and Smoked Half Chicken. A request for bread was met with " I'll see if we have any ". They did... and we were told that would be an additional $1.00. Really? Four people ordering 4 entrees, and you're going to charge them another $1.00 for bread? What's next? A charge for silverware?Does this strike anyone else as being "bush league"?  How can management's thought process be so myopic? Do the owners  think doing this will ingratiate them,  or polarize the relationship, with customers. Inquiring minds want to know. You be the judge!Here's another rookie mistake. We had a coupon that the server asked to see before we ordered. She accepted it and logged it into their computer. When she presented it to management at the end of our meal, it was rejected because it expired 4/1/12. Firstly, tell us that upfront. Secondly, would it have been terrible to tell the cutomer that the coupon expired but would be accepted as an accomodation this time, but in the future they would adhere to expiration dates? After all, for a few bucks, management could have created much goodwill....especially in light of everything else that happened.When we mentioned the coupon incident to the person at the front desk, she said the server didn't handle this properly, and the server should have instead, gone to the manager. Yet it was this same person to whom we were talking, who rejected the coupon when the server presented it to her.Yes folks...to err is human. To blame it on someone else is..... more human!And last, but not least. Three visits and three times there was chaos with the check. If you tell them to split the check down the middle, for some reason they don't know what this means. You wind up getting 2 separate checks with the wrong amounts on each. It's very simple. If the bill is $70.00, you put $35.00 on each credit card. They just don't understand.This restaurant needs someone with good business sense to step up...before it's too late....and they wind up with the same fate that has befallen other restaurants both at this exact location and in this strip center. Just in case they can't figure it out.... that "fate" would be.......Failure!
1	Our party of 6 stopped by tonight for dinner. Apparently the intended clientle is the over 65 crowd and although my 11 year old and 9 month old were treated kindly, I found it a bit off putting to have one of the staff sweep the floor for the 5 baby snacks my baby dropped under his high chair before we've even been served dinner. Seriously...5 crunchies. And I would have picked them up myself before we left but apparently they were bothering someone enough that she had to drag out the broom and dust pan and make a scene about sweeping them up. From the get-go our server seemed disinterested in us. Audrey N was our server and although she never did introduce herself, her name is printed on my tab so I'm assuming that's her name. Our drinks were not just empty, they were bone dry unless we specifically asked for a refill. There is no bread service...at least not any that we received so it was a long wait between the time we ordered and when we got our meals...especially when our drinks were empty in the process. Evidently there were dinner specials that we only found out about after we placed our order and only because we heard her sharing them with the table next to us. She never offered appetizers which we might have been talked in to but alas, that's an upsell that she won't get. And we really threw her off when my husband asked her to describe the meatloaf dinner. He was intending to find out about whether the meatloaf had gravy on it and how it was served (sliced, a mini loaf, etc) but his question really threw Audrey for a loop as she had no idea how to describe how the meatloaf was served. She never checked on us during the course of our meal though she was quite attentive to the over 65 table of 4 next to us. Finally, we would have liked to try the dessert, but Audrey unceremoniously dropped off our check without so much as a mention of dessert. Again, another upsell that she missed out on. Believe me, I really tried to keep an open mind about this place, but Audrey brought any sense of positive energy to a grinding halt.The food was....confusing. The reason for my confusion is that the food, although all distributed on the same plate, was all different temperature ranges. I ordered the pot roast with mashed potatoes and mixed veggies. The food was all different temps and even within the individual items, there were varying degrees of temperature as well....none of which would I describe as h-o-t. It was more like luke warm, cold, and stone cold. Further, the portion was adequate if you don't mind 1 cup of mashed potatoes, 1 cup of veggies to about a 2 oz portion of pot roast meat. The price seems satisfactory enough but if I'm only getting 2 oz of meat, it's out of balance. The little bit of pot roast I did have seemed tender and flavorful though and the mashed potatoes were seasoned nicely. The veggies were varying degrees of doneness with the broccoli undercooked and the squash a mushy mess. My husband did get the meatloaf and it wasn't drowning in gravy which was good, but he also experienced the varying temperature degrees as well. His meatloaf went from slightly warm on the edges to ice cold in the center. His potatoes were stone cold. My son and another guest had burgers which they enjoyed, but the "freedom fries" were basically frozen fries so they were uninteresting and soggy at best. Our final guest ordered the buffalo chicken sandwich which wasn't terribly buffalo'd in flavor and had the same frozen fries to accompany them. The lone stand out was the absolutely delicious sweet potato/jalapeno soup that I had with my dinner. It was fantastic albeit luke warm. If I could offer any piece of advice it would be to make sure you treat ALL of your customers professionally and kindly because once those snowbirds go home, you're stuck with the families who actually reside in the area and when you haven't treated us right, we aren't going to pick your place to come back to visit. Work on your serving temperatures and timing so that hot food comes out HOT and train Audrey. Seriously. Oh and the pictures hung in the dining room that are for sale that feature women in bikini tops? Tuh, ack, eey and distasteful at best.
2	My family and I stopped in for dinner and overall, I am glad we did because it is always good to avoid a chain restaurant experience.  Some positives here:1.  Home cooked food.  2.  Portion sizes were fair.3.  Menu was good American style dishes.Some down sides that I hope they will work on to survive and thrive as a business in the area:1.  Service (we've only been here once so maybe what we had was not representative of their typical)2.  Food temp (some of our dishes were inconsistent)3.  Service.  (yes, it is important enough to mention again.)Here is hoping to marked improvements at Liberty Station.  It is always nice to see a non-chain alternative in Surprise!!
1	It was Friday night in surprise and most of the restaurants were packed.  I remembered seeing some flyers for this restaurant at my work and figured we would give it a try.  We arrived at a very very empty restaurant which again for Surprise on a Friday night is not normal and probably not a good sign.  We walked in and there was one couple eating and the rest of the place was empty.  We stood at the door where a host or someone should have been and no one was there.  We waited about 10 minutes and nobody showed up to seat us.  Therefore we left.  I would have liked to have tried this place, i appreciate that they came to my place of work to promote the restaurant, but I guess they were too busy serving their empty restaurant to seat us.  No wonder the place was empty.
