4	I've met some genuine people from this school.
5	If you want authentic kung fu training from the Shaolin Temple, this is the place! I recently moved to Las Vegas from Los Angeles, and my Sifu from LA (Beijing Tai-chi and Kung-fu in Santa Monica) recommended this school.The owner of the school is Master Shi Xing Wei, a 32nd generation Shaolin Kung Fu Master from the Shaolin Temple. He and his monks run all the classes. Each class runs 1 hour 15 minutes and it's a challenging, fun work out. Each day, it's different, adding variety while keeping you on your toes. You will get fit, become flexible, learn discipline while being immersed in an old, ancient tradition of martial arts. The prices are reasonable as well. I signed up for 3 months worth of classes, 3 times a week, for about $129/month. If you sign up for more months, you will get a discount. Your first class is free, and it's always a good idea to see if you like the school.The school is in Chinatown off of Spring Valley, near lots of yummy Asian restaurants! I love going there! If you are looking for a kung fu school for you or your children, try out this school! I'm sure you will enjoy it as much as I.
5	Authentic kung fu from a 32nd generation Shaolin Kung Fu master monk. Really great for children. My daughter loves it (5 1/2) and she's learned so much already! This it NOT some chain martial arts training store/gym, nor MMA training (though it could help if you're into that). It's as much about training the Mind and Spirit as it is the Body. It's not gimmicky nor is it about "growing the business". It's about teaching Kung fu. Authentic people, unpretentious and genuine and accessible. Truly a hidden jewel in Las Vegas.Don't take my word for it. Check it out and see for yourself.
5	This is an awesome school.  The classes are taught by a real Shaolin Master from China.  The classes are top rate and the prices are great.  Unlike other Karate and Kungfu schools that I checked out this place is truly concerned with giving quality training.  They are great with children and you get classes that are a full hour.  You and/or your child will learn lots and get a great work-out.  This school is about true teaching and not just bring in customers or making more money.  Two thumbs up!
5	This would be my very first review . I never do reviews but based on the performance within Shaolin Kungfu I was content . As a kid I always wanted to learn some type of style within fighting . I never thought of much of it since I was only a white belt in karate . I went to try a trial class which was real easy . Give them a call and the age that you are and they will tell you what day to come in . It was authentic shaolin Kung fu which is really fascinating . They are respectful and so are the students . They encouraged me and clapped for when I performed on "spotlight" . They are great and genuine people . I am going to be a member of this wonderful group.  Payment varies based on how many days you wanna do it in the week . You should really give this place a try. I was real intimated since I was new but they don't judge and they are real patient .
5	I signed my 7 years old son up, we moved from California where he was doing Kung Fu before at a great school.This really is a great school.  The teachers are patient and encouraging, and really teach authentic Shaolin Kung Fu.I liked the school so much I signed up myself too, and I really enjoy it more than I can explain.The prices are fine, you have flexibility depending on how many classes you want to do per week, and how long you want to sign up for.  The more you sign up for the more they discount the price.  I signed 2 lessons per week for a year for about $100 per month. In my opinion, Las Vegas is very lucky to have such a great Kung Fu School.
5	I have been taking my 5 year old here for a month now.   He has fun in the classes and is improving all the time.   The instructors are excellent and are great with young kids. The master is a real Shaolin monk and personally teaches the classes. I am thinking of enrolling myself since it's so good.
