4	Good place for business travel.  The prices are reasonable, the beds are comfortable, the water pressure is good, and there's free wireless (or wired) internet.  The staff is really friendly.I usually stay here when I come to Madison on business - it's convenient to most places in the Madison area.Downsides:  over-eager housekeeping, mediocre restaurant.
4	It seems to be a popular spot amongst the business travelers, as I was here for the same reason.  We had a decent corporate discount - so I'm not sure how competitive the pricing is.  It's weird how the building is set up.  If it's cold outside and you would prefer to walk indoors it might take a while to walk through just to get back to the lobby or the restaurant area of the hotel.  The room was pretty clean, and the do have the Sleep Number beds which I am a huge fan of.  Maybe when I own my own place I will invest in purchasing one.  They also offer complimentary Starbucks coffee that can be brewed in your room.  I like how the sink area is separated from the toilet and shower to give accessibility to others that may be sharing the room with you, even though no one else was with me.  They also give you complimentary breakfast buffet.  It was pretty decent and even though I forgot my coupon given to me at the time of check-in the staff quickly enough gave me another one without having to run all the way to my room.  The staff is pretty friendly and courteous of what you'd expect from the Midwest.
3	This location is fairly standard issue, but one thing really irked me. Why, for the love of god, is it so LONG? Don't most hotels usually build up? Honestly, I kept walking through hallway after hallway after, (yes) another hallway to finally get to my room. Only to find I was put in a smoking room even though I had specifically requested a nonsmoking room when I did my reservation. Sigh. So I proceeded to grab all my bags, lug them back down hallway after hallway after hallway back to the lobby to request a nonsmoking room. Thankfully I was put at in a room that wasn't a country mile away this time. The restaurant is, in a word, boring. I did the complimentary breakfast buffet. Yawn-worthy scrambled eggs, lukewarm french toast sticks, uninspired cereal choices. You get the picture.  A better idea? Grab a latte and bagel down the street at Victor Allen's coffee shop. Free wi-fi (or dial-up) and a nice workout room. Oh yes, they have the sleep number beds, which are stellar. I'm a 65. Just saying.
4	Stayed here two nights in February and it was perfect for my needs.  Plus I got the room through priceline for $40.  I am so cheap.Sleep number bed was great (and kinda fun to play with..).  Pretty standard room.  Clean and didn't stink.  Couldn't get the WiFi to work but maybe that was me.  Just used the hardwire.  Ok, so I couldn't lie on the bed and do my work.  Whatever.Didn't try the restaurant.  I always ended up at Panera just down the street.Didn't try the pool/hot tub.  For some odd reason, I didn't think to bring my swimsuit to WI in February.  Anyway, I peeked in there on Friday eve. and there was a dude with big moobs sitting in the hottub.  No thanks.  But it looked clean.  The "exercise facility" was basically a converted room, but there were a couple machines and a tv and it was empty and didn't stink so ok.It was more crowded on Friday but still quiet enough for me to sleep.  Other than a couple elephants running in the hall earlier in the evening, I didn't hear anything.
3	Ok hotel in a non-descript locale.  The hotel itself is very dated.  I would look for other hotels unless you are using point like I was.
4	Solid place to stay, and we got a great deal!The rooms are spacious and clean.  The breakfast was decent--far better than average free breakfasts with a stay.  I'd recommend to friends and stay there again.
2	The girlfriend won a free two-night stay to the Mad Rad from a drawing at her work recently, so we decided to make a weekend out of it and drove the four hours to Wisconsin's capitol city. Considering I'm relatively new to the Midwest I always enjoy visiting new places, and I found Madison both charming and beautiful. Unfortunately I can't say the same for the Mad Rad. While it was adequate for a free hotel stay, there were many things that could be improved. Our guestroom was in need of a severe face-lift, and there was something the matter with the plumbing because the tap water was murky at times. The free breakfast was absolutely terrible, even just looking for snacks on our way out. I've also never experienced such an over-chlorinated pool and jacuzzi. It irritated my skin almost immediately upon entering the water, not making for a relaxing experience. On a positive note, the bartender on Saturday night (I forget his name) was incredibly friendly, and made the poor choices and sub-par food a-okay.
4	I was part of a group that went to the Great Taste of the Midwest. We made reservations for Saturday night here.  Based on our experience, we'll probably use this hotel again in the future. The staff here was fantastic! We arrived early on Saturday morning around 9:30 AM. We were hoping to be able to check in and put our luggage in our rooms before heading to the Great Taste. Shannon at the front desk was able to get us checked in and into our rooms, even though normally check in isn't until 1:00 PM. We had pre-arranged a shuttle to take us to a local brewery where we could catch another shuttle to the park where Great Taste is held. Due to an issue, the shuttle from the hotel was late getting to us and we missed the shuttle from the Brewery to the park. Even though the park was outside the range they normally go, they took us directly to the park and even made arrangements to pick us up when it was over. The rooms and the common areas of the hotel where clean. The pool and hot tub were nice, one of my friends thought the temperature on the hot tub was a little too hot and another thought the chlorine in the pool was a bit on the strong side.  The only problem I had with the physicality of this hotel is the parking. For a hotel this size, there was surprising little parking. I know they had events going on in some of their banquet rooms, modeling auditions during the day, a wedding in the evening. As a hotel guest, I should not have to hunt for a parking spot AT the hotel I'm registered and then end up having to park at a neighboring business because there were no spaces available at all. This happened to us twice. Once when we arrived, and then later in the evening after we left to go to dinner. The rooms had sleep number beds in them. I was kind of excited about this as I had wanted to try one to see what they are like. Unfortunately for me, there were no instructions on how to use it, and then there was the problem that my bed was broken. I couldn't change the number, but I didn't find this out until late in the evening and I was ready to just go to sleep. My bed was hard as a rock. I couldn't read the display, but I swear that it was set at the number that was equivalent to concrete. The shower in our room was nice. I will tell you that they have some serious water pressure. If for some reason you are adverse to using soap, no worries... the water coming out of the shower head will not only blast the dirt off of you, but it will also exfoliate you as well! For the record, I find this to be a good thing. The complimentary hot breakfast they serve in the morning is okay. Sunday morning we had Eggs, sausage, waffles, toast, cold cereal, fruit, OJ, coffee and milk. Nothing really to be all that excited about. But it was free and for free you can't complain. Just be wary of the shirtless guy coming from the pool to get his breakfast. Overall it was a good stay; I just really wished that the bed had worked.
5	The five stars is not so much a function of the hotel as of the very friendly and helpful staff.  As hotels go this one is fine.  The rooms are comfortable and the amenities are decent.  They seem to have made some effort in improving the complimentary breakfast in the last year which is a good thing.But the real draw has been the staff.  Always friendly and helpful.  On our last visit there was a significant snag with our reservation that technically could have caused us to be billed twice for the room through no fault of theirs.  However the front desk manager was able to quickly and without any fuss resolve the matter and keep me from getting hit quite hard in the wallet.  That kind of service earns my loyalty and we will be staying there any time we are in Madison going forward.
5	We had a great time at this Radisson!  We went to Madison to watch the Rose Bowl and do some after Christmas shopping.  We usually stay at Country Inn & Suites but they were kind of expensive so we tried this Radisson.  The room was great and we loved the Sleep Number beds.  The soap, shampoo, and conditioner were really high end.  The workers were the best part.  I went to the bar area alone to see the game while my teenage kids were in the pool.  I felt welcomed and comfortable.  Draft beers were just $2 and they had free appetizers.  Meanwhile, a nice cleaning lady was speaking Spanish to my daughter who is learning Spanish.  We will stay here again next time we visit.
2	Towels are washed, but they have a smell to them. Carpets need to be replaced because they smell old and a bit moldy.  The linens need to be replaced because this duvet cover's zipper is broken so the down comforter is falling out of the duvet. Meatloaf at the hotel's restaurant was alright. Could have been better if the gravy wasn't too salty.
1	This is my second stay here (not by choice). I'm here for work and my company's travel agency books at this hotel as well as the Holiday Inn Express. I would rather have stayed at the latter, but it's been booked up for my two trips here. My first review I gave this place 2 stars. I was trying to throw 'em a bone.Now, I take back one star, and if I could take back two, I would. The reason is: insects. This place needs pest control. I was sitting on the bed surfing the internet, when out of the corner of my eye I saw something crawling up the power cord towards me. I freaked out. It was some kind of beetle or box-elder bug looking thing. I killed it but was paranoid the whole night and couldn't go to bed until 1:30 AM. Just the thought of more of them hanging around somewhere made me anxious.In the morning I left to go to my training and when I came back at the end of the day I was hyper-aware of anything and everything on the floor, walls and ceilings. When I went to the bathroom I spotted another insect. It was a silver-wiry looking one. I think it was a silver fish. I wasn't able to kill it because then it crawled into a tiny little crack at the corner of the wall. DANG IT.I'm supposed to come back next month for work and I have already changed my hotel to the Holiday Inn Express (thank goodness it was available next month).
5	I stayed here a while ago and I was happy with my stay.  It was a little dated but as I understand and could see, it's getting renovated so if the good service continues and the product is "newer", this will be the place to saty!  Well done!
2	The only thing keeping this review from being single-starred is the staff. I've stayed here 3 times (company thing), each time for a week or more and every staff member, from the receptionists to the shuttle drivers to the restaurant staff, has been exceptionally friendly and helpful.Outside of that, I'm not at all impressed with the Madison Radisson. The breakfast is scanty with bad coffee from an instant coffee machine. The windows at the back of the hotel look directly at an in-construction Carmax buildling. At one point it looked as if someone had puked on the main stairs leading to the second floor, it smelled bad, and it stayed there for a good four days. I resorted to to taking the elevator to avoid it and, when they did clean it, the hallway was muggy and badly ventilated and still stank. Also, I woke up one morning with NO HOT WATER! Unacceptable, especially when here for work. Unlike what someone said in a previous review, the bath items (shampoo, conditioner) are low quality - my hair isn't entirely long and I have to use the entire contents of each bottle to fully cover it.  Additionally, I bought a couple of packs of herbal tea, drank one of each, left them next to the coffee maker and when I came back in the evening after maid service had been through both of them were gone! They obviously weren't empty...very frustrating, especially when here in winter without a car.Also, the restaurant has the tendency to close for private events. This really got me. They know that a lot of their guests are here without transportation so I don't know how this could stand. Twice I've been forced to wander out in the cold to find dinner. This is something that a hotel guest should NEVER have to worry about.
5	Most clean hotel I've seen in a few years. Very friendly staff and good service. My biggest issue with hotels is a staff that takes shortcuts and leaves parts of the room dirty. Very good job here, looking forward to staying again!
1	This is just a crappy motel cleverly masquerading as a hotel. In fact, our stay was so terrible that they issued us a full refund for the night, extra frequent stay points (which we rejected), and we are certainly not coming back.1. Apparently if 2 groups check in at the same time, they might give you the same room. Imagine my surprise (I'm 8 months pregnant by the way), when another couple opened the door with their key while I was changing. Lovely. 2. Four very obnoxious people were loitering right outside our window in the parking lot around FOUR AM...they were talking/screaming loudly enough to wake us up, and after we called the lobby, the staff certainly took their time asking them to move.3. From 1-2am, we were woken up several times by people talking very loudly in the hallway just outside the room. Clearly the doors and windows do nothing for the noise. 4. That being sad, I thought that hotels were supposed to build upwards...this one just has the 2 floors, and EXTREMELY long hallways. It probably took us literally 10 minutes to walk to the room from the lobby area.4. The breakfast selection was scant - instant oatmeal, cheerios, scrambled eggs, some sad looking apples/bananas, and only 1 type of yogurt (with artificial sweetener in it)...nothing to write home about.5. The pool was swarming with 10-15 poorly supervised children when we were there, so decided not to take a dip. The gym is nothing special - just 2 treadmills and a bike, lots of mirrors. Meh.Overall, this place reminds me of an interstate motel except the hallways are indoors. It's very loud (locked windows and doors do nothing to soundproof), poorly managed, and not the sort of establishment I would take my kids to (What if a creeper with the key walked in on the kids instead of me?) Anyway, do yourself a favor and stay somewhere else.
2	Terrible
