5	First Shake Shack on the West Coast! After having Shake Shack in New York, I couldn't contain my excitement when I heard one was opening up in Vegas. So of course we had to be one of the first people to christen it. We showed up 1.5 hours before the official grand opening and were literally first in line haha. Instead of having us stand to the side in the cold, one of the staffers actually came out to greet us and then offered us some seating on the patio under the heaters. Great service even before the doors opened! As for the food, my go-to is the Shack Stack with red peppers - a cheeseburger topped with a deep fried cheese-stuffed portobello mushroom. Heaven on a bun! I also breathed a sigh of relief when I heard that the crinkle cut fries are here to stay instead of the natural cut fries. Let me be one first to welcome Shake Shack to the West Coast - hopefully the first of many!
5	Delicious burgers- a standout from the crowd of mediocre burger chains. Being from the Midwest these are a dime a dozen. The burger was flavorful and delicious and the bun was soft and fluffy; the best part, it didn't fall apart one bit or get soaked in grease. The people working were super friendly despite being the opening day. I heard they opened one in Chicago and this was good enough to venture there sometime. Also much cheaper than the chi-chi burger places in the strip hotels. Worth a try if you're hungry and want to eat without venturing through the smoky murkiness of hotel casinos.  Yum!
5	Simply the best mass produced burger in the land.  Sorry In and Out... It's really not even close and I love InO.... Better patty, better bun, and the coutremounts are a slam dunk winner at SS.  One of kind!
5	One of my fave burgers. Period. The highlight of this Vegas trip was being able to eat at Shake Shack. Located at the New York New York, it's next to Tom Urban (look for the Brooklyn Bridge replica) & across the street from the M&M store. It was exciting to witness the grand opening, order from excited employees, & meet the CEO (he even graciously took a photo with us) but it comes down to the food for me. My husband and I ordered the Shack Burger & double Smoke Stack with fries, a shake, and fifty fifty (an Arnold Palmer). I contemplated letting my husband have a bite of my burger but I realized it would be one fewer bite for me so I kept eating. I was surprised that there weren't more people in line for the grand opening but I trust that people will flock here to the first West Coast location based on its stellar reputation. I will say that the friendly staff (both behind the registers & the ones in suits) on top of the delicious food have made us lifelong Shack Shack customers. As a Californian, I do prefer Shake Shack to In N Out. I love how soft the bun is, the freshness of the lettuce and tomato, and something I can't put my finger on. This was the first time I finished my food before my husband & I was lamenting when the burger was gone. That said, keep in mind that the regular Shack Burger is on the small size (something I realized when I first tried it in NY).
5	Believe the hype!  As good as In-N-Out, but with the best concretes in town.  Service is also excellent.I would like to add that getting a double meat ruins the balance, so stick with a single.
5	Great prices very friendly so glad we stopped in this spot. They need to open one in los angeles.  Great food.
5	Finally! Shake shack opened their doors! It has a very nice interior and patio sitting. Its located between  outside of nyny and monte carlo, so its way better to park at nyny and go through the food court. Best burger ive had in east side and finally now here in vegas!!! I highly recommend the SHAKE STACK and second the SHROOM BURGER. i love how the cheese will oooooozzzeee out once you bite onto your burger, one word, BOMBDIGGITTY! Also, their staff was very attentive and friendly! Please keep it up guys! Good service good food! ;)
5	East coast burger joint meets west coast consumer! It's the next big thing to in and out burger!!!! Omg deliciousness ...;)
5	I love Shake Shack! Always good anytime everytime. I once stood in line for 2 hours in NYC for Shake Shack burger. Thanks for opening in Vegas.
5	Mmm. Drove from LA for the grand opening and got stuck in traffic both ways. Still gotta say it was worth it. Especially since I scored sunglasses and wristbands. They ran out of shirts right before me though. Sadness. I got the shack stack and I think they took more care packing the shroom with cheese for the opening because it was packed with cheese. It melted out and squirted everywhere. I don't remember that when I got the burger in NY. The all shook up concrete was good and the fries were better than I remember. The inside was nice and creamy and salted perfectly.The staff was super nice and the line moved quickly. I had to get in line for another shack stack because 1 didn't cut it for me. I can't wait to go back.
4	Had to wait in line for about 10 minutes or so but I did enjoy my shack burger! There are many friendly people and they were very pleasant and helpful. It might be a little pricey for the size of the sandwich but it is so tasty it's worth the money;)
4	I swear to god the burger and bun basically melt in you mouth. The only down fall for locals is that's it's on the strip. It'll be hard for that to stop me though.
5	I've tried Shake N Shack in Miami, DC, and Las Vegas. It was all perfect! Love it and enjoy it!
5	For my 500th review, I am happy to write it for Shake Shack. This location is the first Shake Shack in the west coast and hopefully more to come! I am from Los Angeles and just happened to be in Vegas the day Shake Shack had its grand opening. Of course we stopped by to get our grub on! To my surprise, it wasn't a long wait. We waited maybe only 15 minutes and they gave us samples of their vanilla and chocolate concretes which kept me even more happy and satisfied. This is by far the largest Shake Shack I have ever been to. Lots of ample seating inside and outside. Heating lamps outside for those chilly winter nights. Decor is super modern and yet comfy. Service was great as usual and food was done super quick. This is a very friendly and efficient staff considering it was grand opening and there are sometimes hiccups. But I saw no hiccups. They were all a machine and happily working.My fiance and I got the Stack Shack which is my personal favorite. I love the cheesy portabello mushroom with my burger. I also normally get their vanilla shake but this time we changed it up and got their special which was the salted caramel shake. I am so glad we did. This shake was phenomenal and so delicious and creamy! It wasn't too sweet. It was just perfection.Just as a heads up, Shake Shack is technically not connected to a specific hotel. It is located in between NYNY and Monte Carlo. You can't miss it!Ahh even as I am writing this, I am craving their shakes. Their shakes are phenomenal. Maybe I need to go back to Vegas again very soon. I am so happy west coast finally has a Shake Shack of its own!
5	Great customer service!  I paid $16 for two hot dogs, a fry, and a double scoop of custard.  Food was awesome so it was worth it.  Fresh ingredients, and very tasty! I would have no problem coming back!  Definitely worth the money and the food hit the spot!  This place is very popular and the line gets craaaaaazzzy long. Fortunately I got here right before the line got long.  Like I've said before,  it was worth it!
4	The 'Shroom Burger opened a whole new world for me. Being a vegetarian, the options at burger joints often leave a lot to be desired. You either get a bad processed veggie patty, or a grilled cheese sandwich.The 'Shroom Burger is two portobello mushroom caps, stuffed with muenster and cheddar cheeses and deep fried, served on a soft, toasted bun with lettuce, tomato and Shack Sauce.I will definitely be back.
5	The buns are very soft here ;) They make eating a lot easier, and their signature sauce adds a lot of flavor to the burger. We all ordered Shack Burgers and they were all perfectly cooked. The fries are pretty generic, but they aren't bad. THE SHAKES THOUGH. Salted caramel was amazing. Totally worth $6. The employees are a bit strange and socially awkward...but that's Vegas for you! Definitely worth trying out.
5	Shake Shack has opened in Las Vegas with a bang. I have been a huge fan for years, and since moving to Vegas from the East Coast I couldn't be happier to see it in Sin City. I went the first weekend it opened, and the line was VERY long for being 5 p.m. on a Sunday night. It was all hands on deck--tons of staff members were working in the kitchen and working the dining room floor.Here's how it works at Shake Shack: You get in line, place your order, get your buzzer and wait for your buzzer to ring. Try to get a spot at one of the tables while you wait. Then you pick up your tray at the counter.All of their burgers are bomb--my favorite is the Smoke Shack with bacon and little bits of spicy pickled peppers. Vegetarians will be happy with their portabello burger, which is stuffed with cheese and then fried. So decadent. Their cheese fries are AMAZING--don't think about the calories, just indulge. They recently switched back to their crinkle cut fries, which aren't "fresh-cut" but have that nostalgia factor.I am a personal fan of Shake Shack's hot dogs--their Shack-cago dogs are freaking amazing.During this visit, one of the staff members saw that it was my friend's birthday and offered to bring her a frozen custard of her choice. When they brought it out a bunch of staff came out and surrounded our table, and then one worker started singing Happy Birthday. She had a fantastic voice!The only thing I would suggest is that they extend their late night hours. Plenty of people would love to do their drunk eating at the Shack! ;)
5	Tika is amazing! I hope that's how you spell her name but regardless she is super awesome and single handedly made sure we were taken care of. Thank you! Shake Shack in Vegas is perfect, can't wait to see this place open up in the Bay. Just as good as the ones in NY, absolutely love it. 5 stars + millions more for Tika!
4	After seeing the line out the door and seeing other reviews we had to try it.  ShackBurger and fries were good.  Ordered a root beer float but they were out of root beer.  Fun atmosphere.
5	Now I never have to move back to NYC. When I heard Shake Shack would be opening a location in NYNY I patiently waited for months to be reunited with the best burger ever. In and Out can't compete the burger, the bun,  it's all way better. The crinkle cut cheese fries are phenomenal. Who am I kidding everything is great. Yea there are lines and wait can sometimes be long but it's worth it, it will always be worth it. Do yourself a favor drive to the strip and grab a burger but note the date and time, because you will remember this burger forever.
3	OK all, I do not enjoy being the lone  3 star rating in a sea of 5 star raters from truly burgerlicious yelping gurus.  I went to the NY NY Hotel today to try Shake Shack and overall, I am rating the food a solid 3 star!First of the location ambiance and feel of the place is 5 star. I like the location right on the strip, plenty of views to see all, and outdoor seating when it get's too busy!Location - 5 Star - As aboveAmbiance - 5 Star - As aboveMenu and Choices - 5 Star - Check out their menu online or on the wall. It is great.Service - 5 Star - You have a rather large menu on the wall or laminated menus to review your plethora of choices that can be amazing.  Food - 3 star - We opted for a simple hamburger with cheese, a Shack Burger SIngle which comes with lettuce, tomato and their special sauce. and a Shack Stack with is a cheese burger with a crisp fried portobello mushroom filled with melted cheese, lettuce, tomato and their special sauce!  I had a big bite of the Shack Burger and it was alright.  tasted nice, however it was NOT mouth watering to me. It did not perk up my senses to say, ahhh, I have arrived.  I was also surprised at the rather small size of the burger itself.  For me my main meal was the Shack Stack with both the meat and the mushroom.  When you bite into this, a gusher of warm melted cheese will ooze out and that was really great.  I found it really hard to taste the mushroom as it was fried and I thought for the longest time I had the wrong order as i could only see the mushroom and not the hamburger itself. It was there, just very thin and nearly non-existent.  I give this a three star overall for the fact that there was nothing remarkable about either burger.The Fries - 2 Star - Much has been said about their crinkle fries, and their cheese fries. I would say that the fries were cooked just right, and at the same time, I must NOT be a fan of crinkle fries because I found myself missing the small, thin, crispy fries that many other places serve.  The cheese fries were highly recommended and it felt like someone had melted simple sliced cheese on the fries. I mean, the cheese to me had a processed taste to it. I did not get it, but you can betcha it was darn decent as I ate the entire THING!The Bouncer - 5 star - They have a greeter at the front to give you a menu and to give you a quick idea of what to get. I thought the greeters were both amazing and very friendly!  Keep it up!Frozen Custard, Dogs, Concretes- I cannot comment as we did not order this or any of the concretes.  I will give this a 5 star because you know that when it warms up a bit, I am gonna go for the works on these puppies!Cold Brew - 2 star - orderd the $4.75 Cold Brew, steeped and cold pressed iced coffee brewed and bottled in Brooklyn.  They serve it in a 10.5 oz bottle. Tasted like simply cold coffee and it came in a plastic cup with a lid. Definitely not a bottle, and definitely I did not say - "Wow, how do you make that!"  Instead, I said "Wow, glad I did not order that".   OK, actually I did, however for my son. I will be going back, as I cannot ignore all the yelpers who rave about this place. I maybe just was expecting something different. However, for now, I just don't get it!
3	3 and a half star here at most.  Good burger, but doesn't deserve 5 stars.  Nice environment and nice set up.  Workers are still learning.
3	Service was fast, but the burger, hotdog, and fries were overrated for the expensive price.Inn n Out  is still my favorite fast food burger and Bachi Burger is my favorite gourmet burger place in Vegas!
3	Sry had to give this place a 3 Star ..food is ok nothing that special I just feel people hyped this place up to much ....another thing is seating sucks in here it's so hard to find a seat ....and people are constantly hovering over your table and asking if your almost done eating ...shakes are ok as well I still think Nelsons frozen custard is way better
3	Wanted to see what all the hype was about. Here's my review... Burgers are good. The meat had good flavor and wasn't dry. The bread was soft but cold. The crinkle fries were ok considering crinkle fries are not really my thing. The concrete was the best thing I got. Service was great! Overall, it was just good to me. I don't know why people compare this place to In n Out because clearly there is no contest. In n Out will always be my number one. Its safe to say that I can cross Shake Shack off of my bucket list.
4	Incomparable to In and Out but as far as as an entity of its own, not bad--I can see why people crave it. The burger is extremely soft and a bit cheesy if you opt for the cheese burger. The menu has a variety of little add ons and even has alcohol to compliment the burger. Fries are pretty good, the cheese friesAre better. The only complaint I have is that the burger is pretty salty...but that's what the shake Is for I suppose, to wash it all down. Ordered the vanilla custard shake and thought it was alright. All in all I'm pretty happy they opened one in Las Vegas
4	I've never been to a Shake Shack and was walking along the strip on their Grand Opening day.  Because I saw a short-ish line, I decided to check it out as it's something I've always wanted to check out and I'm glad I did!!I ordered the Smoked burger (with bacon & cheese) and a half tea/half lemonade drink.  I really enjoyed their bun and I'm not usually one to eat buns out of a burger.  But their bread was nice and soft!!!  The burger was also really really good.  I like the fact that the patty wasn't too salty.  They did, however, overdo it with the peppers on my burger (I definitely do recommend a bit...but they completely overwhelmed my burger with the hot peppers - so much that I had to scoop some out).  Also, that half & half drink is a must try!!! Would definitely go back to try something else again!
5	Finally!  I'll admit, I may be biased bc I'm an east coaster who prefers most burger joints over In N Out, so I shall leave you with these tips.The portions are fairly sized so if you don't want to be too stuffed, try going for a single burger, share the fries, and most definitely treat yourself with a concrete and/or a milkshake.  That custard of theirs is unique and complements their burgers very well, just sayin.  Enjoy the taste of NYC!
2	I was asked by Shake Shack to email them about my experience since I didn't rate them too well on my IG. I figure I'd copy and paste a portion of my email to them:I had gone earlier today to see what all the hype was about. I liked what I saw on the menu and wanted to order the double SmokeShack and was told that you had run out of bacon (it was roughly 11:30am). Fine. I also ordered one order of fries and a concrete shake (I forgot the name, but it included chocolate truffle cookie dough, which I was told was also out of stock). Fine. Replace it with peanut butter. My total was a tad over $19. $19? This better be the best burger in the world. That is WAY overpriced for any kind of burger meal.So I wait and finally get my burger....Where's the other patty? I went to the counter and notified them of their mistake. They apologized profusely and said they'd have my double right away. To my horror, however, they took the single and tossed it straight to the trash. A perfectly good burger. Apparently the profit margin is immense if your employees are willing to toss a perfectly good burger  away.I finally sit down with my double SmokeShack, minus the bacon. I bite into it and the burger was nicely seasoned. Nothing about the meat screamed "unique", as there was no special seasoning to differentiate it from your competitors. The peppers were a nice touch and the bread was light and airy (which could also be a detriment due to the burger's juices almost making it soggy). It wasn't amazing overall, but it wasn't terrible either. I would rate the burger a tad bit lower than an In n Out burger and better than a Five Guys burger. The fries were done well. The shake was ok too. Was it worth the $19 price tag? Hell no. The overall meal had the quality of a hole-in-the-wall, $8 meal. Speed of service and customer service quality is definitely not the issue. I was served quickly and politely, even though the line was long. It was the price, the lack of preparedness/ingredients, and the willingness to waste food so nonchalantly turned me off to the whole experience.My friends had told me about the mushroom burger and how good it was. I'm not sure if I want to try it when my meal's going to cost me the same price as a meal for 3 at some of your competitors.
1	Unforgettable experience - salty fries and burger to saggy. We order there supposedly famous ice cream in a big container but with no lead on it. We are family of 8 from California we feel that we mistreated. The location looks decent compares to other burger chain but may be becouse its new "Hope will be Maintained "
5	This is best burger I have ever had period.  Better than all the high priced burger places on strip and better than in and out.   Burger was simply perfect combo of beef and bun and cheese and special sauce.
3	3.5 starsI have heard for a couple months that they were opening up a Shake Shack in Las Vegas at New York New York.  To my surprise, it had opened and my fiancee and I happened to be in Vegas that week for New Year's.  We weren't sure where it was actually located in the hotel because we tried using the map kiosk at the hotel and it just wasn't working for us.  So we walked outside, because I saw on some pictures posted it had an outside storefront.  So we walked around the outside of hotel, we found it!  I'll save you the trouble of having to walk outside in either the cold or the heat... in the casino walk towards the Swatch store use that exit to go outside.  There is also a casino exit you can use also which is closer.Apparently, the day were went was opening day!  When we arrived, I was expecting a line out the door.  I have been to the NYC location in Battery Park and we waited in line for 30 mins.  And with it being their opening day the line could have been hitting the street.  We didn't have to wait too long there were in line less than 10 mins before we were able to order.We ordered a double Shackburger, ShackMeister Dog, Cheese Fries, and a Black and White Shake (chocolate and vanilla).  The whole thing cost over $20.  We were looking for a table to sit, luckily two women were leaving and offered their table.  They give you a buzzer to let you know your food is ready.The look of everything look almost the same as I remembered from the original but it has been a while since I've had it.  The food had good flavor but was on the salty side for our taste.  Would I call the best burger on the West Coast?  That can be debatable.  On value, I think In-n-Out is better based on what you get for the price.  If you're simple, the flavor maybe too salty for your taste.  I liked the fact there wasn't extra bun with no meat at the end, many time I get that when we eat burgers.  This is a good sign the portions of bun to patty is perfect.  The location is better than the one in Battery Park, reasons being there is inside sitting and you don't have to deal with the NYC pigeons trying to steal your food!I would want to come here again to try their other burgers and other items on the menu.  This was their opening week so like many other eatery you have to work out some kinks to get it right at a new location.
5	Another NYC staple right around my neighborhood!!  Stoked to actually have the first West Coast franchise in Las Vegas instead of elsewhere.  Conveniently situated on Las Vegas Blvd for those who happen to be galavanting around the Strip and in need of some place for a quick meal.  This, however, isn't the case for locals as trying to get here can be such a pain.  Parking alone is a 10-15 minute walk from either New York-New York or Monte Carlo, only to find yourself lining up amongst a large crowd once arriving at the establishment.  At least the queue went by relatively fast so the wait didn't take too long despite of the line being quite lengthy.Unlike other locations I've gone to, this spot has a C-Line which lets customers buying anything off the menu but food items bypass the regular line.  This serves as an excellent pit stop for frozen custards or even alcoholic beverages while strolling around the area.Food was just as great as the meal I had in NYC or MIA: seasoned burger patty topped with lettuce, tomato and ShackSauce between pillowy potato bun.  People usually compare the burger from this place to other joints such as In-N-Out and Five Guys, but I have to say, I prefer the ones from here than the latter.  They also serve several beers on tap.  Perhaps my favorite is the ShackMeister which is made just for the company by Brooklyn Brewery.   Overall, Shake Shack is definitely one of the top fast food burger spots in town.  Excellent burgers, superb customer service and awesome ambiance.  I can already see myself being here at least once a week!
4	Been waiting on Shake shack for almost a year now ... worth the wait. The burgers are great and the fries very tasty. Location and wait for beverages are the main issues with this place. There is no NYNY entrance, just LV blvd.
3	Being generous with that extra star...So I came here today after some raving reviews from a friend of mine. She likes this place over In-N-Out and it's super delicious blah blah blah.Came around 2pm to a short line outside and spoke to the usher guy outside who says he eats 4 of these things a day and brings then back home to his wife...so I start thinking..."how big are these burgers?". He explains how the menu works and all that good stuff.Went inside and waited in the second line and looked over the decor...I don't care...It's about the food. Just looked kinda hipster/umami-esq...No big deal.Ended up getting a single of the one with bacon and peppers while the gf got a single of their claim to fame (sorry I forget the names). I opted for the single because I couldn't get myself to spend 3 extra dollars for a 4oz meat patty. I got the Chicago style hot dog instead to try more of the menu and fries and topped it off with a concrete (kinda like a blizzard from DQ) with the strawberry and waffle pieces. Got a side of fries and bill came to $28 bucks....whoo...that's...a lot.Got the pager and waited a few...then got the food. First impressions: looks good. Kinda on the small side burger wise. I little smaller than In-N-Out but bigger patties. Gf has one tomato and one piece of lettuce, mine has a good amount of bacon and peppers. Nice crinkle fries and good looking concrete. Thought a single scoop is pretty small for the price. Chicago dog was Nathan's small but looked the part without the nuclear green relish.Taste: bacon was good and peppers had little bite. No lettuce or tomato for this...Kinda disappointed. Tasted good but not OMG best thing ever! Bread was like a mix of brioche and hawaiian and was split but not all the way so ended up like a pocket thing. Gf's was good but ordinary. Shack sauce was kinda lacking. Nothing special. The dog was good. Split and grilled. Good condiments but no casing so no "snap". The fries are great. Crinkle kept the crunch. Although...for a burger place that tries to exemplify organic and no GMO "specialty" burger place, I would have expected real potatoes...not some Sysco or Ore-Ida frozen potatoes for fries. The concrete was good. I liked that. The waffle pieces were crunchy and tasty. The strawberry was good and the ice cream was good. Note I say ice cream...not custard as they advertise. I've had frozen custard...and it had a certain consistency and smoothness and taste...totally different than froyo and ice cream..but this...this was ice cream.Final thoughts: I'd come here for dessert. I think the burgers are WAY overpriced. $9 for a small double cheese burger is not worth it. You could get gourmet gastro pub type burgers (huge 1/2 or 1/3lb with all kinds of oddball toppings) for that price. They offer no "combos" to help out the pricing. Taste was mediocre. And comparing to major competitors, In-N-Out to me has more flavor, but if not even that...give more veggies and for $9 you can have 3 patties, real hand cut fries, and a drink. 5 guys has many toppings, homestyle taste, fresh cut fries, and a drink as well for around the same price. I was lucky I was in Vegas to try this place out where spending money comes easy. If it had been at home, I'd be very angry.
5	Tried the double stack and the black and white milk shake. Unexpected super duper deliciousness! Unlike five guys or in and out burger. Must try!
3	I see a lot of people comparing shake shack to in n out and I'll be straight up about that in n out is still Better. Haha you could never compare the almighty in n out to anything. As far as Shake shack, the food reminded me of a Wendy's bacon burger but bigger non squar patties and better taste. Only thing that made it different was the cherry peppers and sauce. But watch if u think you'll be like damn this guy is right. I had smoke shack double and fries and wasn't full after, Im literally going order more food bc I wasn't that impressed. Heard so much hype about this spot but it was nothing orgasmic or like made me wanna react like this a miracle of a burger. Mind you this based on what I ate. I didn't try any desserts or anything else. The pricing is way overpriced probably because it's founded in New York. I'm west coast born and raised so I'll always be biast. If I visited New York again I would not go out of my way to go to shake shack, I bet no one has said that yet... That alone should change ur mind. This is suppose to be a New York staple and it was whatever. I spent 15 dollars on a burger, fries, and drinks that alone ruined my appetite. Pricing is mayb more then New York to bc its on the strip. Who knows ..the pricing sucked for what your getting. Don't get me wrong the burger was a bomb ass burger cooked medium well...but damn 9.49 for a double burger...2.95 for freezer fries..2.25 for reg soda that was the size of a water cup.I thought this was suppose to be fast food not a restaurant I don't know what it was but mayb I should of asked for sauces on the side to dip in or customize my burger... Something to make me feel like I didn't get ripped off......... Well round two let's see what's up. Hopefully this time it redeems my first experience. Ok round two was ten times better then my first round. Get the shack stack and a concrete and don't mess with anything else. That burger alone did it for me. Might be one of the best burgers I've ever had tell u the truth. So if your a shroom lover its on
4	Buddy text me to go to Shake Shack. Said it is opening today (Mon, Dec 29 2014) @ 11am PST. I just had buffet at M Hotel. 4 rounds of entrees, and 2 rounds of desert.Like I soldier, I go to Shake Shack 2 hours later. Gotta do it. Stomach pump me later!You've had these burgers before. They are sometimes under the names of Jim's, Jakes, Hi-Life, Johnny's, or any burger joints you find on the roadside. It's the same thing, but perfected. Delicious. Seasoned and grilled at the right temperature. Fresh lettuce, tomatoes, onions, and toasted buns.There's a shakesauce but I think it's just thousand islands. Not sure.You've also never experienced a roadside joint like this. It's upscale for this type of food and a fun decor. They also gave me a hamburger wristband during my visit!! You'll be paying upscale prices and that's my beef with this place. Whereas with Jim's you can get a combo for $5. Here? Double that.Is it worth twice the amount? Are you getting whoppered if you do? $10 for the perfect roadside burger once or twice a year I would do in a heartbeat. I wish I had room for the ice cream. I heard that's really good.
3	I want to give this place more stars but it's kind of hard to. The burgers are tiny! I'm comparing this to in n out. Your  on the west side now not new york! You gotta bring your a game here! Shake shack doesn't compare to that in my opinion. Long lines... Vegas croud.... ehhh. The seating is nice. Good tvs.The burger. It was okay pretty damn salty but pretty damn small.  It was good thought just not "wait in 30 minute" line type of good.  6.5/10The fries were better. Different type of fries those were good. I dipped those in the shake shack sauce. Not bad.7.5/10I got the salted caramel shake since it's a limited edition....ahhh not amazong!but good7/10Long lines... small burger..High price equals 3 stars
3	We had stayed in Vegas for New Year's weekend and saw that New York New York had finished remodeling their new strip sidewalk with the new Hershey store and some restaurants including Shake Shack. We've heard of the name before so we wanted to try it out. Shake Shack just opened before New Year's day so outside there was an introductory line where a guy handed out menus and introduced the items they had to offer. He briefed us on their purpose to use "all natural premium ingredients" with no hormones, etc. Briefly looking over the menu we see prices are a bit high than we are used to but it's okay, we're thinking it better be good cause we'd be comparing them to other popular burger joints like Umami Burger and Slater's 50/50.Service was efficient; we had gotten our food without much wait. The condiments counter was simple with utensils, lids, ketchup/mustard, and water. I wish they had the sport peppers on the counter that they use in their dog, which I'll get to in a bit. Chairs and tables here remind me of Mendocino Farms in L.A.; they're made from recycled and sustainable materials. Everything about this joint reminds me that they're trying to do good for the environment and our health. Hipster, as they call it?The presentation of the food was cute. Each burger fit in a paper sleeve and hot dog and crinkle cut fries sat in small trays. Having said that, we were disappointed in the size of our meal especially for the price we had paid. It's all quality over quantity here so you gotta give up some of your wins from gambling! However, the taste of the burgers were mediocre. I had the single ShackBurger and my bf had the SmokeShack (yes these are registered trademarks already). The ShackBurger was a simple cheese burger with one leaf of lettuce and one slice of tomato. Pretty minimal that I couldn't even taste the ShackSauce (spread). The SmokeShack was a bit better with cherry peppers but nothing really stood out. Turns out they were originally a hot dog stand in New York so it was a good thing my boyfriend ordered a Shackago dog too. This was pretty good with the toppings placed perfectly in and outside the split dog. The sport peppers was really what gave this dog a kick! We had all three concretes: Shack Attack, Jackpot, and All Shook Up, but nothing was that great about it either. I've had better concretes elsewhere.For now, I think I'd only go back for their hot dogs which isn't much of a selection; neither is their burger choices. Also I'd like to note that their burgers and fries are good because of the quantity of oil they use. Cheese burgers and cheese fries on top of that? To me, that just sounds unhealthy too. So for being a proponent of eating natural, non-GMO, and all that crap, Shake Shack should consider adding much more veggies and using less oil in their items. Just saying!
5	Customer service is great! Food is amazing!  Environment is fun! Will definitely come again!
5	Went in to see what all the buzz is about and Shake Shack was definitely worth the trip! The restaurant itself is so nice and well-designed, I loved it. The food was awesome. I would compare the juiciness of the burger to SmashBurger - it almost melts in your mouth. The staff was very friendly and we even got some free fries thanks to a really nice employee. Overall, I was pretty impressed!
4	The best!! Been wanting to try them since my foodie friends have been posting them.  I'm so glad they opened one while I was in Vegas.   The burgers were excellent and the shack sauce was delicious.   I love the cheese fries. Tried the salted caramel frozen pudding. It was creamy.  I took 1 star off because they only have Red Velvet on the 3rd week of the month.  I was pretty disappointed on that cuz I really wanted try it.   They need to open one up in LA, ASAP so I can try the red velvet.   Will definitely come back again.
3	Walking the Las Vegas strip, we decided try out Shake Shack. Apparently I heard it's kinda a big deal in the east coast. It's new to Las Vegas. The food and shakes is good, not LV great. Portions are small for the price you pay, but that's just my opinion. Service is friendly.  It's huge inside but hard to get a table if you're with a big group.  Worth trying if you've never been to one of these before.  But for more bang for your buck, you're better off going elsewhere.
4	Tried this in NYC the first time, and was super happy to see it in LV. Ordered the same stuff, and was just as delicious.If you're vegetarian, you must try the mushroom burger. Ugh. Get more than one. They're amazing.Oh, and those crispy fries. Yes please.Don't forget the custard. It's totally worth it!!
5	The shakes are outrageously delicious.  The burgers melt in your mouth!  There is no better view on the Strip than on this patio out front of NYNY.  The employees are super friendly and there is a great selection of beer & wine!  Yum yum
4	In my mind, as I was walking towards the strip, I was thinking how cool would it be if they brought a Shake Shack to New York New York Casino and just as I glanced over across the street I see in big letters SHAKE SHACK. SHAKE SHACK!? I was so excited. I might have scared my friends. For now I have to give Shake Shack a 4 star. I really have to try a burger with a double patty. I had the Shake Stack for my first time, which is their cheeseburger with their stuffed mushroom. I do have to say that shake shack incorporates a mushroom in a burger better than anywhere else I've tried. Sauteed mushrooms don't compare to a fried stuffed Portobello. I just want a bit more beef in my burger so maybe next time I'll get a double beef patty Shake StackThe milk shakes are ok, 5$ is kinda expensive but I like the many options for flavors. Tried chocolate with peanut butter and wished they put more chocolate than peanut butter. I would take Shake Shack over Earls any day of the week.
5	I've always heard about Shake Shack from all my friends who have visited New York but never got the chance to try. Super happy they decided to open one in Vegas even though I live in California :') Stopped by here over the weekend on my way to Utah. Once you walk in they take you through a Disneyland type waiting line. The girl who took my order was super sweet and helped me pick out a burger since it was my first time.I ordered the Shack Stack a cheeseburger combined with the shroom burger which has a delicious crispy portobello mushroom filled with both ooey goodness of melted cheeses and muenster cheeses topped with lettuce and tomato. SO SO GOOD!! Especially with their shacksauce! Must try!!I also had a side order of their fries that I sprinkled with a bunch of pepper and dipped in ketchup, my fave :') I can't wait to visit Vegas again and stop by shack stack and try all the other things on their menu!!
2	This place was just okay for me. It was nothing spectacular and there weren't fireworks on my tongue haha I have gone to the one in central park in new york and I remember that one being real good. So, I was very excited when I heard one had opened here! When I looked at the menu, it was similar to that of new york. The average price of a burger is 6-10$. The shakes are around 5$. When I had arrived, I was expecting some what of a line but I seriously just walked right on up to the register and ordered our burgers. Some of the burgers have a shack sauce that reminded me of in n out, but this sauce is much saltier than I remember. Nothing beats the in n out secret sauce  Overall, the burgers we got basically tasted like something  that I could have concocted at home. Just cook some meat, fry some bacon, melt some cheese and voila! You have a shake shack burger. The sauce was salty and I felt it had overpowered the taste of my burger. I had to drink two cups of Dr pepper to help with it. The krinkle fries were good tho! You can't mess up potatoes! Oh, my friend got a strawberry milkshake that was OK too. I wasn't too impressed so I may only return to see if my first experience was just bad or if a friend forces me.
5	My husband and I were planning to find gelato at Monte Carlo, but on our walk from NYNY to Monte Carlo, we saw this new place and was attracted by the fact that they use hormone/antibiotics free beef for burger, so we changed course and decided to try this place instead of getting gelato. We went around dinner time at night on a Tuesday and it was packed. Long line, a lot of occupied tables.I had the double hamburger, my husband got a single hamburger, and we shared a concrete (vanilla frozen custard with strawberry puree). I like the burger a lot. I specifically asked them if they cook the patty with nut oil or soy oil and they said no, so it is awesome for me due to my allergy. And I also didn't get the shack sauce as there is soy in it. I like the burger as it is simply beef flavor. I am actually the type who don't like too many things going on making me not tasting the beef. I eat beef for liking the beef taste, not the condiment. So I like the way they do it, fits my need. And the burger is a bit greasy which I have no problem with, I like beef patty having the beef fat taste, I hate those that has plant oil taste. It is just my preference and they happened to fit my need. I also can tell the difference in taste for hormone free beef and conventional beef. I don't like the taste of the beef that was raised with hormones or antibiotics. So another reason I like the taste of shake shack burger.We both like the concrete, the dairy tasted fresh and soft, the texture was good, the creaminess was right, good consistency, I was so glad that I had this instead of gelato. I know I can probably make the same quality of beef patty at home as long as I go to Whole Foods to get the hormone free or even organic beef. But honestly, when you eat out, the reason is that you don't have time to cook or even do dishes, or you are on the street being hungry and need to be fed right away. So I can't say that it is not special because I could probably make the same thing at home. The price is not bad too. And I got to eat the way I want without cleaning all the grease splattering around my stove and countertop. And I don't think I have the stamina to make fresh ice cream daily myself too though I am capable. So yah, I recommend this place if you are like me who don't eat conventional beef or dairy. I like every bite I had here. A note for people who have allergy. Their fries are made with just potato, no additives, but fried in soy oil, so if you have soy allergy, don't do fries then. The hot dog is also made with hormone free, antibiotic free meat, and there is no nitrite or nitrate, we are gonna try the hot dog next time when we are around the area. If you have allergy, tell the cashier so he/she can tell you what items you shouldn't try.
4	Very tasty! I'm in love with their brioche bun which is very soft and moist, and the bun is not cut across all the way so when ur eating the ingredients are not going to fall out the other side, genius! They have a special Shack sauce, which actually kinda tastes like garlic infused mayonnaise. The Shack burger will come with cheese, tomatoes, and lettuce, but if u want to add pickles or onions, they most definitely can. The cheese fries sauce are hot when they are served to you which makes it so much better, it's sort of similar to a nacho cheese. There are of course tables to sit at but there are also some lounge areas without a table. But I don't see it being a problem since your food is served to you on a metal tray which u can set in ur lap. Service is very friendly. It is located right outside the New York New York hotel right by the Brooklyn Bridge.
4	If you want a seriously meaty tasting (and salty) burger, give this place a try. It'll fill your meat/burger craving. Got the double smoke shack and it hit the spot. Fries with cheese ....oh so good! Nice crunch and they don't salt it. The just ok side...hot dogs. I really wonder how Hot dog can be amazing though.
5	This isn't in n out but good so eat here to help their business yummy and get the concrete custard thingies and crinkle fries
5	Came here from NYC...just like home. Rob. Was super nice and made sure this place is up to snuff.
5	They're located on the Strip next to Starbucks at NY NY (not inside the casino). Outdoor and indoor seating. Buzzer system for orders.First day at CES and we hadn't had a meal all day. I heard they just opened this location and had to come here. I've been to serveral locations in NYC and miss the burgers here. Coming from CA, I prefer these burgers over In-n-Out because the buns are so soft and I'm not a fan of thousand island dressing.My order:Shack Stack: $9.49Double Concrete: ($4.50) Oatmeal Creme Pie w/ banana  chocolate cheesecake and chocolate toffeeAdditional toppings: +$0.60 eachMy meat patty was on the thin side with a large battered and fried mushroom & gushing with cheese. My friend's burger was thicker and more juicy. The fries are crisscut fries and very hot and not overly crunchy. Cheese on the fries had the consistency of cheese whiz.Allison had said my concrete was made incorrectly when I went to go pick up my food, so she said she would bring it out to me when they were done. When she did, she noticed that we had ordered the cheese fries and suggested adding their cherry peppers if we liked a little spice. We said we'd try it so she came back out with a tray with a condiment cup of the cherry peppers but also a cup of bacon chunks & another order of cheese fries. She said it was in case we didn't like it but boy did we love the cherry peppers!The weekly flavor was oatmeal creme pie and was intensely sweet and had an strong oatmeal raisin cookie flavor. I had added banana chocolate cheesecake (as suggested by the cashier) and chocolate toffee toppings which didn't help with the sweetness at all.I've been to serveral Shake Shack locations in NYC and the fact that they're willing to bring you your food if something wrong and the personal suggestions when you're unsure makes this location so much better. So happy they opened up!
5	Came through opening weekend with my boyfriend.It was Sunday afternoon and there was no line at all which was a nice surprise considering that it had just opened! Really clean and modern decor inside. All the staff there are so friendly and helpful.We ordered the shroom burger and cheese fries. It was amazing. Definitely didn't know there was hot piping cheese in the inside of the deep fried mushroom patty. Guess we didn't look at the menu close enough. But the burger was super delicious and the cheese fries... so simple yet so good.Definitely gonna add this joint to our list of go-to food spots whenever we hit up Vegazzz!
3	First time here! I was gonna try this in NY but I guess I don't have to go there anymore. It's now here in Las Vegas!!!!It's located across the M&M store, in between New York New York and Monte Carlo. Pros:1. Delicious burger! I ordered the Shack Burger ($5+)2. Restaurant was clean and very cool ambiance.3. Menu was all over the restaurant so that was helpful.4. Fries were crispy and well-seasoned ($3+)5. Fast service.Cons:1. Pricey burger2. Had to order fries and drink separate.3. Buns were too greasy.4. Order taker messed up our order only got 1 order of fries instead of 2. Newly opened restaurant should try to avoid any mistakes.I don't think the price was reasonable. Food was good but not for the price.
5	Best burger ever!!!!! Best frozen custard ever! Best shake ever!!!!! If you didn't get the gist of where I was headed, I loved this burger joint!!!!! I highly recommend checking this place out. The burgers were very fresh and non-greasy. It was oozing with goodness and plenty of flavor. It's easily visible that the beef is quality. The fries left me wanting more since I didn't need a napkin to wipe off excess grease or oil. The frozen custard was a happy ending to a wonderful meal. The texture was smooth and creamy. I had the flavor of the week which was the salted caramel. My fav!!!!! Burger lovers check this place out!
1	Very rude staff, also yelling over each other... food was mediokre at best, will not be back
5	Awesome service the food tasted great. The fries were fresh and the person who served us at the table brought extra fries and even a sample of the awesome custard.
4	The line was long but it moved fast. I got my food in an acceptable amount of time. I just got a burger and it was on point. When I bit into it, it reminded me of the taste of a great homemade burger. Simple and tasty. I wanna try the fries and custard next time I go.
