1	6-24-2014 walked in and found an open table..promptly told it was reserved with 8 tables open! Well he did not offer us anything open and did not welcome us! This is the South! We are welcoming not Pissy Alex! He said he was the owner.. Not southern, Not Texan and Not Nice! We went to Wet Willies and they have a patio to hear the concert!!!
1	DO NOT EAT HERE!!! The food is terrible!! I ordered 2 tacos and my boyfriend ordered 3. One of the tacos was so hot I couldn't finish it and I love spicy food. There was nothing on the menu about the chicken taco being spicy!! The second taco was just bad! I sent both tacos back. My boyfriend's didn't even finish his food it was so bad! The guacamole was a dark shade of brown and the margaritas were over priced and tasted like the premixed ones you get from a bucket at the store. On top of all of that my boyfriend and I got food poisoning that night from the horrible food at this place!  The one nice thing I can say is when I called to complain the next day the manager was very apologetic and refunded our entire bill.
1	Terrible!!!! Worst Mexican in all of charlotte and the worst mex I've ever had. Went with a large group and everyone sent there did back and half of them ended up sick. The guacamole was brown and the tacos were disgusting. I wouldn't rec this place to anyone. Please do yourself a favor and don't eat here!
1	I had high hopes for this place. The decor is awesome but everything else was awful. Went in with 4 people on a Saturday night. Asked the hostess for a table - She looked at us like we were crazy.. She pointed to the room and said "we are pretty busy, but I'll go look for a table." When she came back, she said a table might be ready in 30 minutes. We stepped to the bar and that was an even worse experience. The bartenders were rude, didn't know the menu, and took forever to acknowledge us. The margaritas tasted like Jose Cuervo sweet and sour mix and were over priced. The bartender over charged me for the tequila and when I asked him about it he aid "We are still working out the kinks" Well.. sir.. you got more than kinks to work out for sure... no adjustment was made for the overcharge. We waited an hour to get seated and when we asked the hostess she told us no one is leaving and walked away. So we walked out. We won't be back.
1	Don't eat here unless you are about to die of starvation...even then you will likely be worse off. I would chose no stars if it was an option. The food is inedible.
3	$2 Taco Tuesdays. Our party of 9 tried all of the tacos and most of the appetizers, and generally found most food to be acceptable. There were pros and cons to each taco variation, but my feeling is that if we'd paid the full $4 price for each we would have been pretty disappointed. Skip the carnitas taco. It's just pulled pork without any flavor. The chicken tinga taco was good but did have some inedible chicken pieces in it. The carne asada flavoring was great, even though the meat was tough (almost expected with carne asada). The winner for several of is was the grilled portobello taco. The mushroom itself had a good flavor, and the combination of portobello, queso fresco, cabbage slaw and the picked vegetables was really nice. The guacamole is made in house daily and was good. The chips are too thick and hard for my preference. And what Mexican place charges for chips and salsa?! The service was good, even though it was clear they're still working out some kinks. They allowed me to bring in a birthday cake and they provided extra plates and silverware without complaint. The ambiance is cool, and overall I found this to be a pleasant addition to the NC Music Factory area.
1	Food was awful and so was the service. It took over an hour for the food to come out. The tacos and enchilada were gross, stale tortillas and burnt sauce. We sent everything back and just left.
3	Perhaps the flavor could be more intense, but based on my recent experience here, I believe some of the previous reviews are a little harsh maybe.  Service admittedly was a tad bit slow, but our server was both friendly and helpful.  The location is great and the valet parking just outside the door is convenient.  The space is nice and open and they can easily cater to large parties.  The guacamole was more than decent with a nice hit of lime and cilantro flavor.  The southwest chicken bowl could have used a bit more of both, but was overall quite tasty.  The serving sizes are more than adequate and the Tres Leches cake for dessert was incredibly light and moist.  Overall, I would definitely not hesitate to venture out here a second time.
3	Mango Margarita was on point!!!Funny because I felt like I got a little more star treatment than my friends. Got the garnishments for my drink... they didn't. Got my food first... they didn't. Got to take the dipping dishes home... they didn't. The Yucca fries are good with the homemade ketchup (which I thought was salsa) and some sauce. My tacos were decent. I tried some of my friends rice and beans which was pretty good. I'll definitely go back and try another set of tacos or perhaps a burrito. Definitely getting again:chips/salsayucca friesmango margarita
2	For a city with a Tex Mex place for every 10 people, you've got to bring your A-game when you show up in the Queen City. I went to Texicali a few nights ago before the Sara Bareillis concert. They were completely unprepared for the foot traffic before the show. There was hardly anyone in the restaurant when my friend and I showed up, yet we stood in line behind about 8 other people for 5-10 minutes without seeing a hostess.  Since it was just the two of us, we thought the bar might be our best bet. The bartender was clearly frazzled and it took, in my opinion, much too long before he was able to take our drink and then our food order. The food was decent. I ordered two different types of fish tacos.  They could have used more salt.  And our food came out before the appetizer -- like 45 minutes before the appetizer. However, my order came out wrong -- one of the tacos was a steak taco when I ordered the Baha Mahi.  No big deal -- the promised they'd correct it and check on our appetizer also. Forty five minutes later, the appetizer came out and then finally my replacement taco, after I flagged down someone and asked about it... again. Accidents happen, but I was surprised they weren't more on top of it once they realized their mistake. They comped one of the tacos and our app, which was a nice gesture. I probably won't give this place another chance for the sheer number of better Tex Mex places in Charlotte.
3	Really hip place in a hip location (NC Music Factory), this restaurant doubled as our Salsa Dance Floor during the night I went. So they knew they'd be getting a large group, yet, like others have stated on Yelp, they seemed unprepared (i.e., understaffed) for what was to come! My friends and I had to fight for a drink....not necessarily the bartenders fault but there just wasn't enough staff to accomodate the large crowd. Took forever to get a drink. Food came out relatively quickly though.....Speaking of food. Overall it was pretty good! The salsa was fresh, chunky and spicy the way I like it. Got the pork & BBQ sliders dish with 2 tacos. we got the brisket and carne asada tacos.....all were VERY good! A friend got the chip plate and their queso dip was excellent. I was SO hoping that the bacon guacamole that I ordered would be great....well, it was just A-OK. It had bacon, ancho chiles, fresh guac, cilantro, onions, etc....everything that should make this a stellar dish....but the flavors just didn't integrate well....at least the way THEY did it. Pretty hot dish, which I really liked, but it was missing something and not well balanced. So I just went back to the regular guac on the table and life was good.So I'd say 4 stars for food and 2 stars for service...split the difference for a 3 star experience. They could easily overcome the service issue with having more staff available for specialized events or when popular concerts are being held around the corner.
1	The restaurant was empty, but the hostess told us it would be about a 20 minute wait, so we decided to sit at the bar instead. It took at least 15 minutes for anyone to acknowledge that we were there and another 15 minutes for drinks. I flagged the bartender down and asked for dinner menus, which he should've already voluntarily given us. He acted frustrated that I asked and told me I would have to hang on because he was really busy. After another 25 minutes of waiting for a menu, we paid for our drinks and left. We were sitting right in front of the beer taps where they saw us every single time they went to pour a beer. It wasn't like we were off on a distant corner of the bar. I'm a very patient person, but that was all I could handle that night. I will never be visiting this place again.
1	This place sucks.  period.  The food is low-end, soggy, overpriced crap.  The service is a joke - you should not come here if you have plans within even 2 hours of entering this place because you will probably still be waiting for your check.  Oh yeah and the best part?!  They dont "do" change.  SO basically if you dare to pay for your meal with cash - don't expect any of the change they owe you from YOUR money.  Probably to save for their pathetic servers because I doubt they actually get tipped anything.  This is quintessential Charlotte BS built for use by the culture-less yuppie zombies that are slowly taking over this city.....beware.
1	This place is a JOKE! The service was terrible to say the least. We were never acknowledged, the "bartenders" acted as if it was a bother to take drink orders and when we finally got someone to take our order, anything other than a beer, came back wrong. Some of the worse service ever!!!
2	I was really excited that Texicali moved into this restaurant space and was looking forward to an excellent dinner before going to the comedy club which shares the space downstairs.  I made a reservation on OpenTable to make sure we got seated in time to eat and go see the show.  We arrived Saturday night, and found it dead inside.  Well, we didn't have any trouble getting our table, that's for sure.I liked what they had done with the interior of the restaurant, giving it a more modern Mexican/Tex-Mex feel with its "Day of the Dead" decor.  We ordered a couple of expensive Coronas while we sat underneath an air vent and fan that must have been turned up to "maximum frigidity."    We perused the menu and noticed that there wasn't a lot on it, and what there was seemed a bit pricey.   You don't even get free chips & salsa, so we ordered the guacamole to start.   It was decent, but was barely an appetizer.  More like an appeteaser.   For my entree, I ordered the Chicken Tinga burrito.  It came on a plate...with nothing else.  And it was one of the smallest, tightly rolled burritos I've ever seen (think the kid-size version at Moe's, Qdoba, or Chipotle).  The flavor was just ok.  I expected more for the price, its uniqueness, and its size.  I ate it with a fork and knife...and was still a tad hungry.  Since it was our "date night" and hadn't already filled up on much, we split the Tres Leche cake for dessert, too.  It, too, was ok, but I've had better, moister, and more flavorful Tres Leche cakes.  All in all, everything was just "ok."  I can't really say much more than that.  But I can tell anyone to not think of Texicali as any other Mexican or Tex-Mex restaurant where you get a lot of food.  Would we return?  Without hesitation, no.  While the atmosphere is nice (overlooking the A/C problem), you don't get enough in return for what you pay for.  I'd eat somewhere else outside of the NC Music Factory prior to going to the comedy club again.  A note to Texicali:  look at your customer base.  You are based at the NC Music Factory where the primary customers are 20-somethings who do not have a lot of extra cash and have high metabolisms.  They're not interested in a dainty, expensive meal.  They want a lot of food and cheap drink specials.   You could have been something great, but you blew it by trying to appeal to an upscale clientele that you're just not going to get.
3	Yelpers take heart: Texicali has heard our cry, and now serves free salsa and chips with every order.That said, the food is good. Not rock your socks off good, but good as an alternative to Matties for a daytime lunch when I want to sneak in a drink. Speaking of drinks, the bar is where this place really shines. I'm unfamiliar with fully half of the liquor brands they stock, but each time I've been surprised (pleasantly) by the balance and flavor of the libations, particularly the tequila-based drinks. Friendly service, too.
3	Went on a Tuesday before a comedy show and it happened to be $2 taco night. The tacos were good and salsa was too. The only thing that lacked was the service. Our group along with maybe two more were the only people in the restaurant. The staff seemed frazzled at times, like they couldn't keep up and the food took at least an hour to get out to us. Will probably go back, but it won't be when I need to get some where in a hurry.
3	Last night was my 2nd visit... and this time we only went to the bar. My friends and I went after the Yelp event, Yelp Gets Freaky at the Factory. They had salsa dancing and live salsa music, and that mixed with the crowd from the event, there was a pretty nice party going on. It wasn't too loud, we found a place to sit, the atmosphere was fun... the only complaint I had was that my mojito was terrible. My first visit I tried one and it was the same, and I gave them another shot, and yuck. My husband's mixed drink was the same... watered down and not mixed well. We'll be sticking to beer on our next visit, but we'll def be back with our dancing shoes next time!
4	Technically, the wife became a fan. And therefore, I am a fan. It was our first time visiting this place after Yelp's awesome Halloween party. Everyone were on their feet dancing! And though I usually don't until I'm tipsy, Maya grabbed me and we started dancing salsa. I don't even know if that's how you say it. Dance salsa?Anyway, it was mui fun. (Is that right?) The crowd was feeling it. And I ended up promising that we will return with a set of buddies so we're looking forward to it.
1	This place is awful for multiple reasons:1. Food - bland, under cooked, unoriginal. I ordered yucca fried which tasted like freezer burn. They were mushy and undercooked. The tacos were lackluster too. Chicken tinga was dry and portobello mushroom was slimy and not seasoned at all. Totally gross. Not worth any money. This place should honestly shut down based on food alone.2. Service - how long does it take to bring out water? 15 minutes apparently. It's slow, which is incredibly surprising given how empty the place is. The waitress didn't even ask me if I wanted a second drink. I would've said no bc my first was gross.This place is worse than a college dining hall. Food is gross, service is slow, I'm never coming back and openly hating on this place via yelp.
1	On Halloween (10-31-14) the servers/employees tried to start a fight with people walking away from the bar for no reason at all. Screaming curse words and taking their shirts off. If this place is ran anything like its employed I highly recommend a new venue. Would not feel safe bringing my children here at all. Not family recommended.
