1	I went to Nails 4 U to get a manicure with a friend.  Both of us received terrible service.  Our nails were barely filed and cleaned, the massage was non- existent, and it took about 3 minutes to apply the nail polish.  The entire manicure lasted around 10 minutes and it cost us each $18.  I would never recommend this nail salon and I will never be going back.
4	Great job on my nails! it doesn't have the same calming and relaxing "spa" atmosphere as some of the other nail salons in town, but it is clean and the people are friendly. I have had two shellac manicures here and the polish was meticulously applied each time, which is really what I pay for since that is what I cannot do myself. Lowest shellac prices I've encountered in town.
4	I live in Chicago, however I travel to Madison every week for work.  I went to Nails 4 U earlier this week, and they did a fabulous job on my mani/pedi!  I got Shellac for my mani and regular polish for my pedi - all for $60.  Prior to coming to this salon, I called a few other places in Madison and the prices were just ridiculous ($80+).It's well priced, the staff was friendly, the salon was clean, and it's conveniently located.  I scheduled an appointment the day of and they were able to fit me in that same evening.  It's not a fancy spa or anything, but if you're just looking for a good mani/pedi in a clean place that's reasonably priced, I would defintely recommend!  I will be coming back!!
3	Took a bunch of ladies here for pre-wedding nails recently and was pleased with how accomodating they were. The salon is certainly no frills and the manicures were pretty no frills as well, but they did a decent job and the polish has held up. What I really appreciated though, was how they let us book the salon for a chunk of time and essentially take over the space, for no extra cost. They also let us bring in food and drink for part of the celebration, and didn't rush us out afterward.
4	I went to Nails 4 U on a whim as I was shopping at whole foods and I am so glad I did. I walked in and was scheduled immediately as an appointment had not shown up. I opted for shellac because their prices ($30) seemed lower than what I had encountered elsewhere. The lady was very friendly and an absolute pro at manicures. She paid attention to my cuticles, applied the polish diligently till my nails glowed coral. Awesome service and I am ready to schedule an appointment and go back again in a few weeks!
1	Walked in as a whim. Was convinced to pay 4$ more for polish that would " last longer - at least a week" not only did my nails chip that night, she cut me so badly i was bleeding.
5	I love Nails 4 U! They are always so accommodating and do a terrific job at a very reasonable price. I always get the shellac and just love their method of removal. They wrap the nail using as little acetone as possible and GENTLY scrape it off. I had stopped using gel and shellac because of a terrible experience at another salon. Now I've been doing it consistently for over a year at Nails 4 U. Great staff, too!
5	You have to love a place that when you attempt to give your name to make an appointment, they wave their hand and say "I know you", even though you only visit a few times a year. No fake nails are done here, so there is no toxic fume cloud to endure. The TV is on, but always muted with subtitles. Clean, quiet, relaxing, welcoming, husband and wife owners Aaron and Leanne and their associate Shirley have a gem of a salon here.The shellac manicures are the best you'll find, and the pedicures can be done with a special extra tough nail polish for a small upcharge. Worth it for summer durability. It never chips, even though I put it to the test with gardening and such.You know you're a valued client here, even being asked to weigh in on their future business plans. Can't say enough good things.
1	Terrible service. Had an appointment for manicure/ pedi. the pedicure was nothing more than a feet wash!  the entire service (polish included) was done in under 10 minutes although I was the ONLY one in the shop and the attendant had no other hurry. the same with the manicure. it was fast and sloppy. would not go back to this place.
