2	It seems like any other Macy's, which is mediocre. Pretty good sales and sales people, but no really great brands or customer service. Like I say far more often than I'd like, "it is what it is".The staff at the jewelry area were unprofessional. I went to Macy's straight from work one evening around the holidays, and was therefore dressed up like somebody with more money to spend than I actually have. I was obviously aimlessly browsing, but the service person fawned over me and stretched to compliment every single bauble I laid my eyes on. Meanwhile, a woman of color couldn't get any attention whatsoever from the clerk. The clerk could easily see she was there, and could definitely hear her. She was actively ignoring the woman who just wanted to be rung up.Later, I ended up purchasing a couple items of costume jewelry from a different clerk who was very judgey. The thick stank of "look at this cheap bastard who is wasting all our time just buying costume jewelry" hung in the air.Their selection of fine jewelry was decent for a department store. Obviously there are better places to buy fine jewelry. Their selection of costume jewelry and medium-priced stuff was more extensive; Macy's punches its weight in this dept. They also had a good selection of moderately priced men's watches that looked more expensive than they were. If you drop less than a couple of bills, though, don't expect respect.
2	About to walk out because of no one at Cliniqe counter and loud women working at Estee Laudet counter talking about how tired they are and not calling anyone over to help! How can there be no one at the counter for 20+ minutes during bonus time!!! The crowd was getting rowdy but I was first in line so I ended up staying.  Someone finally came over to help and said that the person at the counter was at lunch.  Not good.
3	Macy's stock varies greatly by region -- they cater to the local demographic. So think about the local demographic before going to this location, and you'll get what you expect. The Macy's around where I live are sort of a step below Nordstom (which is a step below Bloomingdales, which is a step below Saks, which is a step below Barney's), but here Macy's is an itty bitty step above JC Penny.  Some will think its great, others (like me) will find it depressing. The important thing here is that it's clean and mostly well-kept.
2	Hate to heap on top of the mediocre reviews at this establishment but they just do not deem to sell decent clothes or selections.I'm a big guy and last I heard, about half of america is obese which makes me wonder why stores like these only sell skinny jeans and Jersy shore douche apparel with a tiny section of big and tall clothes.I got to JCPennies, there not a whole lot better but at least they sell clothes that fit me.and  a note to all retailers for big and tall, I have no idea who made the decision that large people love hawiian print but knock it off.  Large people like myself want clothes so we can look slimmer, not stand out like a tourist in Maui.  We also don't need only rugby shirts for polos, horizontal strips do not help with the looking fat.
2	This review is based on my most recent visit- Black Friday.Pros: A pretty large store. I like the selection of jewelry.Neutral: Clothing selection is just OK. Cons: I used to shop at Macy's quite a bit.  Now I have a hard time finding anything that I am excited about purchasing. My biggest frustration with this visit dealt with my trying to get in on the doorbuster deals. Something was going on with the people in front of me. They were taking FOREVER. Like over 10 minutes. But instead of pulling someone in to help with others that would be quick purchases, the cashier alone was focused on this couple. Meanwhile, the doorbuster deadline expired and I couldn't get the price.  Other stores have honored people if they are in line before the doorbuster time ends. Bergner's keeps those prices in their system a bit after the deadline. So...what did I do? Walked out with nothing. They lost a purchase cause they didn't want to give the lower price. See ya, Macy's.
1	Not a great selection and always messy. I like their chocolate stand but that is more because of its novelty in a small department store. I think here as opposed to other macys is overpriced. The clearance rack isnt very clearancee.
3	Store review:Wow there are some terrible reviews here, but when you look at the surrounding competition this is not that bad. Sure the store is a lot smaller than other macy's sure the selection is not as trendy as other locations, but there are still great sales to be found at this location. I am surprised that this location is two stores which even includes a small furniture selection which is very limited. The only upside is at least there is a macy considering there are not really any other big department stores except for bergner in this mall. The one downside is as other people indicated store staff is super super slow. It took close to 10 minutes to check out with only 1 person in line ahead of us. This is rather disappointing, but what can you do. Pros: some macy discount items are heavily discounted at the end of seasonCons: super slow staff, small inventoryHidden deals:1. Sign up for a macy's card to get the mailer with coupons.2. Look in the sunday paper for wow pass3. Use your macy card for additional savings sometimes up to 20% off
5	I love macy's more compare to other department stores. esp some seasons they have good sale and you can get some expensive brands with low price. rare deals.
