5	yes. he likes to talk about foods that cause cavities. (tangerines and tangelos, for example.) over and over again. which is annoying, but also kind of funny. he won't ever make you feel like a jerk because you haven't been to the dentist in a while. and he won't make you yank out your wisdom teeth just because everyone else in their 20s has them out. although, do note that he doesn't offer friday or late afternoon (after 4 p.m.) appointments, which isn't the most convenient. the office staff is also excellent.
5	Dr Trichak is the best dentist I've ever seen I will refer him to everyone I know very proud to have him as my dentist. Once you see him you'll never go to anyone else.
5	I have been going to Jim  for over 15 years.   He is a great dentist !!!
5	My husband has been going to Dr. Trichak's office since he was a kid. He suggested I go there after not seeing a dentist in 5 years. My last experience was horrible and I never wanted to see a dentist again! However, I gave it a try and now go every 6 months! Dr. Trichak and his staff are awesome. They make you feel comfortable and ease your anxiety. The office is also easily accessible from the I-17 and I would highly recommend this place to everyone!!
5	Best Dentist EVER!!! I have been going to Jim for the last 20 years and I would never go to anyone else!!! He is very factual and won't try to sell you something you don't need.  Super super guy and the office staff is excellent too!!! I recommend anyone and everyone who needs a good dentist!
5	Dr. Trichak  and his staff have made going to the dentist something I actually enjoy. His approach is refreshing because I don't feel like I am being sold some new found dental technique or process to increase revenue on every visit. My previous dentist made me feel like I was walking into an auto shop and being sold services I didn't know even existed. I had a serious health issue earlier in my life and needed restorative work done but didn't want to spend 40K on my teeth. Dr. Trichak did a thorough exam, offered multiple treatment plans with varying costs and the honest plus/minus for each one. I was able to make an informed decision and completed  all the work in a timely fashion while working with me to maximize my insurance benefits. I couldn't be happier
5	We have been going to Dr. Trichak since he started practice (25+ years ago).  Our "kids", now as working adults have continued on with him as their dentist, as we continue to do.  Not only the best dentist that we have been to, but a kind, caring compassionate professional with a great supportive and professional staff!
5	This dentist is by far the best I've ever been to. Doesn't make you feel guilty over anything and is very knowledgable. My husband and I both go to this office and wouldn't recommend any one else. They even called to wish me a happy birthday. Very personable, never felt pain while going here, awesome work done, and they don't offer you unnecessary procedures. They do their best to save you money.
