4	Phoenix has pretty slim pickings when it comes to good pizza, or at least pizza that I'm accustomed to.  Rosati's, while not quite what I'm used to, is the best representation of Chicago style pizza that I've found.  The Chicago style deep dish is good.  The toppings, especially the sausage, are plentiful and tasty and the sauce is good.  I think the crust is what is a bit off.  Overall, Rosati's is still my choice for pizza in the valley.
4	Pretty good pizza, and I really like that it arrives piping hot!  I had it with anchovies ( not every one favorite topping:)and mushrooms or just with sausage. I have only tried the thin original crust, which is crispy and just a little chewy. Sauce is flavorful and the sausage was great quality. Is not cheap though, but worth it.Check your mail as they send out coupons from time to time.
4	A-freaking-mazing!  I feel upon this place because I did a Google search for Hungry Howie's Pizza that's just up the road from me.  It was one of those days where cooking was not an option due to laziness.  So, I saw the number for Rosati's Pizza and called, ordered a spinach, tomato and mushroom 12" pizza and had it delivered within the hour.Pros:  The best tasting pizza I've had in years.  Its good quality ingredients which gave it bold flavor. It taste like someone knows how to cook and cares about what they serve to customers.  Im thinking the cook should try out for Master Chef, give Gordon Ramsey a taste of this pizza.The delivery was quick and the pizza guy was nice.Menu is online with lots of choices, even dishes other than pizza.Crust was A+.  I reheated it the next day in the toaster oven and it was still delicious.Cons:  Cost.  Ok, I know its commonly said that you get what you pay for which is true in the case of the cardboard pizza impostures that sell pies for $6 and flavor their crust...Yuck.  Yet I spent over $20 to have the12" pizza with three toppings delivered less than a mile away.  That's a hefty penny for pizza that size even if the ingredients are good quality.  That stinks cause it will make me order less often.Overall, this was a good find and you should give it a try.
5	First time coming here;  and I was really AMAZED by the quality of food, quickness of service, and decent pricing!I ordered a nice sausage/italian beef sandwich; got a side of marinara and some au jus sauce... and the lady got a eggplant parm with spaghetti and a side salad.Her food was a huge portion; and looked pretty damn delicious.   My sandwich, and I kid you not, was a huge, monstrous carnivores dream!  The marinara is some of the tastiest sauce I've had in a long time as well.  This sandwich was impossible to finish;  the sausage specifically was amazing. Im not in vicinity to this location usually, so Im gonna try the tempe location soon; probably for pizza as thats a good barometer as to quality of food.  But its not easy making a good sandwich like the one I had, it was obviously fresh ingredients and someone back in that kitchen knows what the heck they are doing.  Fit for a king, budgeted for a peasant.  Im down with that!!!  Rosatis' was a pleasant surprise as I'm definitely hitting them up again.
2	So this is my second time getting pizza from rosati's delivered. I got the deep dish a couple of weeks ago. It came in about an hour. It was hot and it looked good....but it was bland and way too cheesy. The crust was good though. Tonight, we got the thin crust. It was the same experience. Too much cheese, almost no sauce and it was bland. I gave it two stars because I liked the crust.
5	So I'm flying solo this trip out west.  My friends got this to go and by far the absolute best Chicago style pizza I have ever had.  Not over cooked or burnt like I've had in the past.  This was outstanding.
4	The thin crust pizza's were good, would liked to have more veggies on the vegetarian though. The buffalo chicken wings didn't come with any celery, but at least they were cooked well. A little pricey though. Friendly and clean atmosphere. The server was very attentive. Will go back again.
5	I suggested Rosati's Pizza for a work lunch we had and everyone was really impressed. We got 4 varieties of the thin crust pizza and garden salad. The crust was amazing.. flaky yet a little chewy, their sauce- not too much or too little and all of the toppings tucked under the cheese. The dressing for the salad was great too. The man who helped us, without a question, supplied plates, plastic wear packs, and tons of extra dressing. Very impressed! Everyone needs to try this pizza
1	This place is slow and the pizza sucks.I think it just might be this particular location, though, because I used to go to another one in chandler by where I used to work and it was amazing.So my boyfriend and I ordered a SMALL pizza and one order of bread sticks. I called in my order and she said it would be ready in an hour. And hour? For a small pizza and bread sticks? Okay, well they probably make it from scratch so we'll be patient. 5 minutes after I ordered, the girl called me back and said they were out of bread sticks. Out? How are you out? Can't you make more? She offered garlic bread instead. Alright, I guess.An HOUR later, our food arrives.The garlic bread was hard as a rock and tiny.The pizza dough was under-cooked and tasted like crap.Super expensive($32 with tip) and poor quality. Rosati's needs to look at this location because every other one I've been to was much better.
5	I saw all the mixed reviews...  I had a very different experience than some I guess because the Pizza  we got was full of premium ingredients and one of the best I have ever tasted, including my own pizza.  We all agreed on that, so...
4	We considered this location for a business lunch, it would be perfect but it's too far west for the majority of our attendees. The food and service on this and a subsequent lunch we're both superb. I would love to come back more often, it's a little far from my home but it's an option for a special weekday lunch.
5	I have had this place in the past. Never disappointed. Sweet chili wings are very good. The customer service was also great.
1	Please read everything below. It is quite verbose.Hello,My name is Greg Swartz.I am writing you to express my dis-satisfation of the pizza we received, the jalapeno poppers we received, and the customer service we received.I live in Colorado Springs, but am visiting my Father and my Uncle in Ahwatukee (Phoenix), Arizona.I decided to pay for lunch today, and was going to purchase a Papa Murphy's Chicago Style, but didn't have the time to go and retrieve the pizza.Since we were at my Uncle's place in Ahwatukee, I asked him about Rosati's. He stated that he had enjoyed a number of pizzas from your establishment.So, I called. It turns out, I was a little early, and would have to wait about 1 hour and 15 minutes to receive the pizza. I knew it was early, and I was able to work with that.I ordered the Monster pizza in the Jumbo 18" size.And I also placed 2 orders of Jalapeno Poppers.I was surprised that the total was over $40... but I figured that for a good meal, I would just shut up and enjoy.11:45 came, and the delivery driver showed up. About 15 minutes late... but ok... no worries...I paid cash and gave the driver a tip.We went inside and opened up the pizza and poppers. The first thing I noticed was that the entire crust around the pizza was burned. Black. Charcoal.Immediately, I called the store and spoke with the person whom I placed the order with. I asked him if his pizza's have a habit of having burned crust. He insured me they did have a habit of being burned, and that I would like it. (At the same time, my uncle is telling me that none of his pizzas had been burned.) We get off the phone.I actually try the pizza crust, and do not like the burned, carbon crust.I try the other side of the slice, which is in rectangles, not the normal slices, and I am not impressed with that part either.I try one of the poppers, and it is OK at best.My father remarks how the pizza is OK, not good, but OK, and how he does not like the poppers.My uncle is picking at his food, and notes that this is not like the other pizzas he has ordered from them.Again, I called, again, I spoke with the same person... I informed him that I was NOT happy with the pizza. He stated that he has never had a complaint before. I explain to him how I am not happy with the pizza and then th poppers. I stop a few sentences in and realize that there was total silence on the other end. I had been hung up on.Immediately I call back again... he answered differently this time. I accused him of hanging up on me. He did not deny it. I told him I was going to leave negative reviews. He told me to go ahead and do so, and that I would not be the first, and I will not be the last... and he hung up on me again.I don't know the name of the guy. It was the same person every time I called.I own a business in Colorado Springs, and I understand customer service exceedingly well. In fact, my business is listed as Best of the Springs.So, when someone hangs up on me, not once, but twice, I would like to know what the management is going to do.I am actively seeking a resolution to this.PLEASE CONTACT ME REGARDING THISGreg Swartz719-648-9170
2	This place was fantastic, but they changed there sauce and now it's just mediocre. The sauce has little garlic flies in it. I ordered the pan pizza little to no sauce on it. I thought it was more. I think that now it's just over priced. I don't think I'll be ordering from here again unless something changes
1	This place has really gone down hill! I ordered 2 pizzas and when I went to pick them up, one was burned. They said they could redo but after 15 minutes they said it was ready and the pizza was not even cooked through. I had ordered ravioli there too and the pasta was doughy and sauce was burned. You should avoid this place at all costs. Their answer to a complaint is "we'll give you a free 2 liter bottle of coke." No manager or any idea of what customer service is!
