3	Tired of suggestion you and your friends go to Denny's?  Wanting something that's almost a step up from Denny's but with similar menu items and willing to put up with your wild/drunk/insomniac friends?  If you're willing to pay just a dollar or more per plate, we can give you the impression that you've risen above the Denny's crowd.  Well, at least until you realize that it's essentially the same thing.  Sure, there's no "moons over my hammy" on the menu, and they have "fresh" baked pies and muffins.  But really - not so different at 3am.During the day it's another story.  The Village Inn seems to rise far above the Denny's crowd.  You don't even mind telling a group of folks at work to meet you there.  It's not showing creativity, but it's just another burger/salad/sandwich place.  But when the waitress who normally works night shift is helping out during the lunch shift - and she asks you in front of your co-workers if you and your drunk/stupid/alternate-lifestyle-than-portrayed-at-work friends made it home that one night because you were trashed/high/making-out-so-hard-you-steamed-up-the-windows, you might have some explaining to do.  And you might want to find a new late night Village Inn.
5	Me and my husband love this village inn. We go here at least once a week for their honey mustard pita club, there is nothing like it. The service here is awesome. We have never had a problem. We also get a pie to go and some times go just to get a home made pie. The sugar free apple pie and French silk are delicious. I would recommend this village inn location to anyone.
5	I remember going here but in El Paso after coming out the club. This place here in Phoenix is close by me and the people that work there are very nice. I got the inncredible v.i.b. mean you can choose 4 different items. I forgot which 4 but I will tell you later tonight..I'm heading over there in 2 hours :)
4	I go here for breakfast a few weekends a month with my boyfriend. Our favorite waitress is Teri. She is the best, so friendly, remembers what we drink, always smiling. There are plenty of healthy choices like egg white omelets, turkey sausage, and a wide selection of veggies. Sometimes I build an omelet, and other times I get the VIB, which is when you pick 4 choices of several to make your own breakfast for 6.99. Can't beat that. Of course they have delicious pies too....pecan pie...mmmm...It's always clean, always busy, and I have no complaints!
1	Spare yourself. There are so many places to eat in this area and Village Inn should not be on your list.Ordered a to-go breakfast (first mistake) and the waitress who took the order apparently wasn't used to questions. "Can you replace pork with turkey?" "Ummmm I don't know." Uh, what?I ordered the steak (medium) and eggs and my order was a pile of blob, with well done steak, which couldn't be torn apart because it was made of rubber. BFF orders french toast... turns out to be bread with generic strawberry jam. It was so bad, we returned the order and went somewhere else. Don't lower your breakfast standards!
1	Too bad there's no ZERO stars. This place is absolutely disgusting. I wouldn't eat here again if I was starving.
5	I don't understand how you could give this place one star!  The food and service were awesome both times I went.  Also, the specials are amazing.  I can get a great sit-down meal for about the same as grabbing something inhumane from a drive-thru.  Village Inn has made my list!
4	ProsPortion size is largeHad fish & chips w coleslaw & tomato basil soupFried fish was goodFries were unseasoned which I likePlace was CleanNice waitressesCons Ice tea not strongTB soup a little heavy, maybe milk?Coleslaw way to creamy, yuck
5	It's totally understandable to give this place 1 star reviews as restaurants like this can be hit or miss. When we go we always ask for Darlene, and she always uses one of the 2 cooks for our orders. We tend to go on the weekend around lunch. She knows what we like and how we like it, and will champion our breakfast  requests before it makes it to the table. The sweet iced coffee drinks here aren't anything fancy, but after about 3 of them you are borderline delirious due to the amounts of sugar and caffeine coursing through your system. Pies are always delicious, and we tend to get a slice to share between us after breakfast. I mean, really. It's PIE!While I tend to think of Village Inn as more of a 4.5 star diner, some of the staff can be either overwhelming or lethargic at times, so we always ask for Darlene because of how good she is. In the event you do ask for her, be descriptive about how you want your order. She takes notes and will follow through. The staff are otherwise very friendly,  the management always has a smile, and my meals are always predictable. Just the way I like my diners to be.
5	This place was awesome. Husband and I wanted to go somewhere we have never been and was a little different. We ended up going to village inn, not expecting much more from it then a "dennys experience" but it was way better!! They had interesting new things on the menu that were unique to village inn. Such things such as a cuban pita or multiple different twists on an eggs benedict. Which was cool to see. Also they had AWESOME pie and signs that you receive a free piece of pie on wed with any purchase so I will be back for that. So food was great. Our server was quick with the refills and great with the service. Also we went on a Saturday and the there was seriously only about 10 different parties of people. Which I personally like not being over crowded and feeling like you have the place to yourself. All in all if your looking for a diner with something different that is clean and quick or a place to hang out with your loved ones while you eat, this is a great place. Also try the pie! :) we had coconut cream YUM!
4	I'm not a Village Inn fan, but a friend of mine was in town and we went there to catch up over some pie and coffee.  Last time I was at a Village Inn was about 3 yrs ago for breakfast, and never been to this one.  It was extremely clean, service was spectacular, and the server actually knew the menu.  Only reason I wouldn't give it a 5 because the food is fair, not great.  I would go again.
2	I came here with high hopes.  Left feeling disappointed.  To compare... For the same price you can eat at IHOP or Dennys.  Both places offer better tasting/quality food.  I was also very disappointed that my cup of coffee was overwhelmingly watered down.  Same with my second and third cup.  And 3.99 for a slice of pie?  That's a little steep when the meal wasn't great to begin with.  I have had their pies before and if you are going to visit this place I guess that's what you should get.  Skip the regular food and drinks.  Water and pie anyone?This place also gets a star for the interior.  It was mostly updated and it didn't feel as run down as other Village inns I had visited in the past.
3	This place was clean, with friendly service. I was looking forward to trying what they call award winning pies , and had the French silk slice, but it was definitely NOT the best pie I have ever had (as advertised). It was A-Ok and that is about it. The slice was also on the skimpy side.Hubby went with the tomato soup and meat lovers dip sandwich. I had a bite of it and both of us  felt it was good. The prices are average and I think the food can be described as the same.
5	Just order there double bacon cheeseburger with onion rings..  #1 for $9.89 one of the tastiest,most flavorful burgers I have ever eaten!!
