5	I've been to jersey mikes all over the country and have always been disappointed. But this one in particular has a lot of heart.The first time I came for lunch, the restaurant was relatively new and there was the owner (I'm guessing) in a booth struggling over finances and buying inventory. But then he got off the phone with someone and relaxed, taking a deep breath. With a big smile, he turned to me and said "thing are really looking up"I have a tendency to mask all these chains as objects and often forget about the people. I like to imagine that this man set a goal and kept working to achieve it. I'm here for my third time at this location and am always struck by the kindness of the staff.  They really care about their customers and know many of them by name--Not something I would expect from a normal chain.TL; DR: great subs, and even greater staff
5	This place rocks. We come here quite often as it is just down the road from my office. Killer subs, awesome cookies, nothing but good stuff here!
5	We visited here last week and I couldn't yelp about it at the time.  This was probably one of the best subs I've ever had.  The staff were extremely helpful and friendly and the food was beyond fresh and delicious.  They slice the meat right in front of you, the fixing's are simple(the pickles a must if you like them),  and the bread was soft and flavorful.  Will definitely be back.
5	Great place! Watch them slice the meat and cheese for your sandwich then load it up the way you want. If you like a little zing, add some CPR (chili pepper relish) to your sandwich. Delicious! I love their cold sub's, but I have tried one of their cheese steak a which was ok. I literally salivate just thinking about their original with the CPR. Great sandwiches, friendly staff, what more could you ask for?
4	I've been here once. I received a few coupons in the mail so I decided to check it out. The service was good and the sandwiches were pretty tasty. The prices were average as well. I haven't been back since, but if I was in the area and craving subs I'd stop in.
5	Great place. The number 13 is the best sandwich anywhere.   The sugar cookies, when not overcooked, are fantastic. Nice staff and good service.
5	EXCELLENT Subs, and great staff.  The #13 Italian is a great sandwich with REAL meat and REAL cheese.  After you've tried this place, you wont waste your money at that other sub chain again.  The staff have clean, neat uniforms and a friendly attitude.  You can't beat Jersey Mike's, especially this location !!
5	Great Food - Great Service - every time I come here the employees are fantastic- they always get my order correct and the food is FRESH. It is a  good old fashion "SUB SANDWICH" -   Employes are very helpful too-
1	I signed up for the text specials and was in the area and thought I would finally stop in here with my 8yr old for lunch.  First frustration came when the kids meal had 3 sandwich options, one being salami.  Maybe it's just me, but that seems like a strange choice for kids. Well my son didn't like any of the 3 choices and since you can't substitute I ended up getting him a 6 in meatball sub. because if course this sandwich didn't have a "mini" option.  I picked the roast beef and provolone or #6.  With the choice of mini, 6 in or giant I knew I was hungrier than a 6 in but there's no 12 inch option so I went with the 15 in giant.  I thought when I said #6 I was ordering a combo, but as I saw later on my receipt that was NOT the case.    And frankly I wouldn't have even posted a 1 star review if it wasn't for what I found on my receipt.  So as we are sitting there and i'm no longer starving and can focus again I take a look at my receipt.  HOLY CANOLIS!!!  a lunch for 2, well 1 and 1/2 (he's a small 8 yr old) at a sub shop came to $31.55!!!!  Yeah I know....I should have paid more attention but I WAS SOOOO HUNGRY.So the break down is giant #6 12.45regular meatball                        7.50reg COMBO                              2.19reg combo                                 2.19YEAH.....12.45 & 7.50 was just the sandwiches!!!!Boy I'm feeling really stupid about now...but it gets better.....after my 24.33and 1.96 txit says ADDED TIPS!!!!!  5.26   THIS IS WHY I EVEN BOTHERED TO POST THIS.When I brought it to the cashiers attention she said "oh you must have push the button."  UMMMM NO WAY IN HALIBUT did I accidentally tip 5.26!!  Than when the other employee came up and asked what was wrong she replied "it's adding tips again."    I NEVER look at my reciept....guess I'm too trusting.  But I'm glad I did that day.  And I can't help but wonder how many people they do this to and it never gets noticed.
1	Went by today for the first time. First thing I noticed when I walked through the door was a nasty odor. Kind of smelled like sewage back up and I felt like I wanted to vomit. The folks there were friendly, the gal that made my sandwich was nice and made up my order pretty quick. They did ask me if I wanted my sandwich Mike's way and being my first time here I had no idea what they were talking about so, I felt rush to give them my order....first I needed to find out what they meant by Mike's way.  I ordered a regular size which equal in size to one and a half of a Subway sandwich only slightly wider. The bread(white bread) was tasty but a bit tough and chewy. Nothing to write home about though.  PS you folks need to clean the nasty stench.
1	We LOVE Jersey Mike's, but this location smells SO horribly of sewage inside, that I will never go to this one again. Even my 3 and 6 yr olds couldn't stand it. We had to eat on the patio, but every time the door opened, the stench came outside. Friends met us here and they said the same thing. I could taste the nastiness in my sandwich. It was the grossest thing I've ever had. I've been to at least 6 different Jersey Mike's and never had this experience anywhere but here.
4	Looking for a place that has good subs this is it. I have eaten the combo and the philly cheese steak both are excellent. Bread is fresh and prices are good too. They have text special combo meals.
