4	Probably the most under-rated Mexican restaurant in Vegas - at least for the sort of thing I want to eat.Two people can easily dine for under $25 and the complimentary salsa bar is amazing.I order a grilled chicken nachos which is ENORMOUS (I can barely finish 1/3 of it if I am lucky  - the rest comes home to be grazed upon for a day or two) for $6.99.Pleasant Decor, tasty food, MASSIVE servings and rock bottom prices. I can't ask for much more.
4	Definitely a hidden gem of Mexican restaurants! My wife and I are picky when it comes to Mexican restaurants, and this city has enough bad ones to overwhelm anyone. We used to live pretty close to Sunset Station, and decided to try this place after a movie. We had pretty low expectations and we were quickly blown away. First, its easy to fill yourself up on the complimentary chips and salsa bar. There are at least 10 different salsas plus bean dip and mole for you to enjoy. All the salsas are freshly made and each has a distinct flavor. Second, the prices on the entrees are really unbeatable for nicer casual Mexican places. Third, the food portions are huge! Considering the free chips and salsa, its really easy to get two meals out of one entree. Fourth, the  food quality is great! Everything tastes fresh and is very flavorful, which is definitely contrary to the many bland dishes you can find at other restaurants. Finally, we've been several times (at least a dozen) over the past 2 years, and we have always had great service. We aren't fans of many of the restaurants in Station Casinos, but this one is definitely worth it. We are vegetarians, and the staff at Guadalajara is very willing to accommodate our requests.
4	Guacamole tableside ... perfect!  Salsa bar ... loved the habenero salsa (if you like it hot, try it)!!  Had a drink and a couple appetizers (the quesadillas were great).  Will be back to try more items.  Pleasantly surprised by the good service, decent ambiance, good prices and great food ... and as you know, good mexican food in Vegas is hard to come by.
4	We just had dinner at this place tonight. I read the reviews so I wanted to ck it out for myself since I live so close to Sunset Station. The restaurant has a feel to it, like its a real mex. rest.. not like its inside a casino. Indeed very romantic old school hacienda feel. I loved the ambiance.FOOD:  I ordered pork tamales came in the husk with the red chile sauce and topped with Oaxacan cheese. ..which were good but a few bites in there were a smidge dry. It came with refried beans (or blk if u choose) and mex. rice. But.. I'd rather have dry than super greasy any day! ($9.99) My bf ordered the Carne Asada Platter $13.99 that came with beans/rice and  huge salad. I thought wow, nxt time I come I'm going to try their ckn tortilla soup and be good with that. They have a huge salsa bar which was really really good. They had avacado tomatillo salsa that was out of this world. I'd GO BACK just for that! omg. so good. No my bf won tonight b/c the carne asada was like butta it was soo smootha nd delicious. great flavor and not @ all fatty like I pictured it. It's kinda hard to get good carne asada out here. usually its pretty chewy, but this this place. They had really good food. I was so full I ended up taking most of this home. DRINKS: My bf ordered a regular house marg. $3.95 and I told the waiter I want a real marg. not the slushy pancake molasses aunt jamima marg. I want one that contains actual tequila! He brought me a cadillac margarita and it was gooooood I'd have ordered too but that one was $8.95 and I still had a lot of good food to try so I kept it to a min. of 1 for the night. SERVICE:This is a great place and I think I will add it to the rotation. Oh and the waiter we had was great. His name was Dan, he was super cool and so was our water guy. I didnt catch his name but he recommended the flan nxt time we go or the sopapillas. I'm still too full to even think about that and I ate there hours ago.  A def. must try on the list for Henderson residents.
1	This was one of the worst Mexican restaurants I've been to in Vegas.  The chips were super cheap and salty.  I ordered chicken tamales which were so dry I could hardly swallow them.  Vegas doesn't have very good Mexican restaurants to begin with, but this was pretty bad.  The service was not very good for a Mexican restaurant, usually they are super fast and efficient.  I will definitely never come here again!
4	OK first off i love Mexican food. i have been here many times. the food is very good and the service is great. i usually have the burrito but this last time i had the steak quesadilla. very satisfying. the waitress was exceptional. the only thing that keeps them from 5 stars is that the bowls at the salsa bar are so god damn small...they are so small you cant get a whole chip in them. I'm a huge fan of chips and salsa so id like a bowl bigger than thimble. other than that id go again and again
4	SALSA BAR.Seriously. Smells like old cigs inside (since it's in a casino),  food is alright (plentiful and salty) margaritas are weak as hell, but !! The open salsa bar with 10 distinct flavors: very wonderful.
3	This review is for the Mexican Restaurant.  It's pretty good.  The salsa bar is great.  Big portions.  I would give it 4 stars but the decor is old
4	OMG!!!! BEST . GUACAMOLE. EVER!!!!! Table side guac is the best i've ever ever had here...only problem is they are not consistent :( first time i had it INCREDIBLE, second time i went for it they were out of avocados ???  A Mexican restaurant out of avocados?? third time it was ehh and the last time a few days ago FANTASTIC!!!! The fish tacos are TO DIE FOR as well!!!! Highly recommended !!! LOVE this place ! and the $6 house margaritas cant be beat!!!
5	went again last night!!!! DEEELISH!!! Had the we luv locals coupon for $60 worth of food for $30 HOW does one beat that!!! we had 4 margartias , tableside guac,bacon wrapped shrimp (bf had these and said they were VERY VERY good!) grilled fish tacos and he had 3 combo platter...total $44 !!! woohoo!!! We could have just had 2 margarita and it would have been just about exactly $30 but why not go for the GOLD!!!
3	This place is not one of my favorites but we were at Sunset Station and decided to go.  First off, I love that they have a salsa bar!  They have tons of different salsas and I always head there before I even sit down.  I just break off from the hostess and always have to find my way to our table with chips and salsa in hand.  The past two times I have gone, I got back to the table and there were chips and salsa waiting.  Why have a salsa bar AND bring chips to the table?  If you find out, let me know.  My big problem with this place is the chicken.  I'm not sure if they boil it or what but any chicken dish I have eaten here is dry and not too tasty.  They do fine cheese enchiladas but I think chicken at a Mexican restaurant should be top notch and at this place, it just isn't.  I don't have incredibly high standards for Mexican food and this place is alright.  Salsa Bar, Yes!  Chicken, No!
3	I love Mexican food and this is Not Spectacular just OK ..........pretty Americanized but the food has decent flavors! They do have good prices and good salsa bar!
1	Terrible service ! As a matter of fact it looked like our server went out of their way to ignore us. When we finally did get some food it was only average. The only good thing is the Salsa Bar. However, the little containers are so small you can't dip your chips into them without breaking the chips. We'll never go back ! I'd rather eat at Taco Bell. The rest of our experience at Sunset Station was excellent. Just stay away from Guadalajara's.
3	Very decent place.  The food is freshly prepared/made to order.  Their menu is small but so are most places that have a similar feel to it.  The good and bad are that it is located in Sunset Station.  Bad because it is in the Casino good, because it is in the Casino.  I say this because some people will never enter a casino and those who do come here have a great alternative to some of the bigger restaurants to use their comp dollars and to find good inexpensive food.
2	OK Mex,but not just feels cheap.Not open for lunch and the waitstaff would rather be doing something else.Why cheap you say?I went there a year ago and sat at the bar and noticed a very loud fan in the beverage cooler (like 70 or 80 db loud).Went back 2 months later.Still broke. And 3 months later,nope,still broke.Last time I was there,it was finally fixed,but this is a sit sown restaurant in a very large casino and you can't get that fixed for nearly a year?Man ,talk about cheap!
3	I had a $25 food voucher and that's enough for 2.  The chips and salsa bar really give great value but getting carried away with a lot of it will guarantee boxed leftovers.  We ended up with a couple of boxes!We ordered the steak fajitas and chicken enchiladas.  The food was pretty average.  The cut of beef they used for the fajitas was kinda weird, almost overly tender and would've been better for beef stew.  Enchiladas were what would we expected them to be.  It's hard to mess those up.  Our server was very upbeat and friendly.  This place is more like 2.783346 stars and I'm pretty sure it'll be my last time there with so many other choices for Mexican food around.
3	Margaritas too sweet - too much mix. Salsa fresco and tomatillo avocado salsa are good. Chicken suiza and chimi were good especially the green chile verde sauce!
5	We've been coming here since it was Guadalajara. Granted, the food here isn't going to change the world. My husband and I are vegetarian, and we pretty much order the same thing - the Spinach Enchiladas - and they are always tasty. What sets this apart for us is the service. The wait staff nearly always recognizes us, as does the hostess who is usually there. One of our waiters even remembered our order after we hadn't been there for a couple of months (travelling over the summer). That kind of friendly atmosphere is a rare find, especially in a busy casino restaurant, and that goes a long way with me!
4	Cabo offers attentive SERVICE with a smile and not just by one server but by everyone who we come in contact with. The salsa bar is a very good value, the chips are hot and fresh and there's pretty much a salsa for all tastes. The $7.99 taco deal is good but I really like the cheese enchiladas as unlike elsewhere in Vegas they actually taste really good. The margaritas are good, we had a mixologist with us who threw a challenge at the bar and they made her specified drinks for all of us perfectly. If you look at my reviews I always find a negative to toss in. Cabo is an exception, I have nothing but positive praise for this place. Also my 2 year old can give a review of the tableside guacamole. He left the bowl it came in, but not much else.
4	Sometimes you just don't want to cook something so you skip the fuss and go out. Cabo is on our short list of places to go for such occasions. Last night we went back and were treated to more of the same great service and great food that we've become accustomed to. Our server, Daniel flat knows how to move things along and once again he took great care of us. I didn't have to ask for refills on my drink, and the other server helping him had an extra bowl of chips on the table before I even started to get up to head to the salsa bar for more. It's the little things. They make a huge difference. And with a 2 year old along when making the tableside guacamole he didn't just assume what ingredients should be left out. He asked. That was appreciated. In short, another solid 4 star experience. It's not 5 stars, but sometimes you don't want 5 stars, you want consistent 4 star, rock solid food and a hassle free experience. Cabo delivers that for us. One tip: On the AYCE tacos, be aware of the restrictions. No sharing, no doggie bags, batteries not included. Oops, scratch the last one. Still we ordered the non AYCE tacos. Only was able to eat 2 anyway. Just thought I'd share that unless listening to a lengthy disclaimer is something you enjoy. In that case order away. It just means I have time to get to the salsa bar before you do! One last thing: The mobile app should show more check-ins, not sure what is up with that.
1	Went there last night in hopes of finding some decent Mexican Food. Unfortunately, this was not the case. First of all, the service was lacking. It took us asking twice to just get a container of salt to the table. Also, the waitress was less than interested in helping us with anything more than taking our order. Second, the food was atrocious. You know you have an issue if you need to add salt to Mexican food. The rice was dry (almost hard and old) and completely tasteless. The beans were bland and tasted like paste. There was barely any cheese in the enchilada I had. My husband's tacos wee haphazardly put together, falling over and impossible to pick up, and needless to say did not taste good. The only saving grace was the shredded beef burrito and the Tomatillo-Avocado salsa. No, I will not be going back, even with the Yelp offer.
5	Only 3 stars?  Apparently no one has been to Cabo. The food is good. The service is good. The prices are reasonable. Portions are generous.  The drinks aren't watered down. A BIG PLUS is that you can get a great vegetarian meal. So hard to find!  We will be repeat customers!
2	Every week I have an administrative staff meeting. My turn to pick the location and this one was my fault. Service was OK at first but our server soon lost interest in our table. The food was bland resembling microwave frozen food. No one was impressed. Still looking for a good Mexican place in the Vegas valley
4	Very pretty inside!  Great prices!  The service was a little slow, but the food was great!  The tortilla soup was my fav!  The chicken fajitas are only $8.99 with your players boarding pass!  They also have a nice sized salsa bar with a great selection of salsas, from mild to extra hot!  You really cant beat it with the price and taste of food!
5	I'm a big fan of this place, it's pretty delicious. We've been here 3 times total and since it's changed to Cabo, it's even better. I enjoy Sunset, so having a go-to restaurant that allows me to grab a meal and then go out and gamble is a fantastic convenience. It's in a quieter part of the casino too, and the restaurant is big enough where you forget where you are. It's a great place for a casual meal- the endless chips with their different salsa combinations and the margaritas just scream relax! after a hard day at work. There's always people walking around, checking if you need service. One time we came here and a lady went to the salsa bar for us each time we wanted something. Needless to say- they're super attentive.The margaritas are the best. I can actually be highly allergic to alcohol, and here they make the drink for me just right. The black beans are amaazzziiiing! And the prices are reasonable. Definitely try this place if you haven't.
4	I've been to the Cabo Mexican Restaurant at Sunset Station several times in the past couple of years and just went there tonight.  It was and still is a great sit-down Mexican Restaurant!All of the food I've tried there has been excellent and in very large portions.  My favorite is the shredded beef enchilada. So big and so tasty! I also like their selection of Mexican beers.The star of the show, however, is their amazing salsa bar! They have more kinds of salsa there than any other Mexican restaurant that I've been to in Las Vegas and I've been to a lot of them.  My favorite is the Alcopulco salsa. It is chunks of fresh melons with a very light and slightly spicy picante sauce.  I like to eat it by the bowl-ful with just my fork. My idea of a nice light appetizer and it comes with the meal.  The other salsas are all very good too with something for everyone from very mild to very hot and even some with a smokey roasted taste.  The staff are very friendly and very quick. They take the time to chat with you a bit while they are refreshing your drink too. The only thing keeping me from giving them five stars is the price of their mixed drinks. I know lots of places in Vegas have high priced mixed drinks, but it still bugs me that sometimes the drink costs more than the food, even if the drink is really good.  That's why I stick to the beers. My wife sometimes gets a margarita. They are delicious but pricey.
4	A big, comfortable place which has a great decor. The food is great, good price and server fast. They even have a salsa bar so you don't have to wait to get more chips and salsa. Works well for a couple or 20.
3	I've heard of this place but had never tried it until now. I had a hankering for some Mexican food and a friend recommended this place, so I bit.There was a 15 minute wait and I haven't an issue with that. It just means it's a popular spot and I'm in for some good Mexican food! We were sat and informed that there was a self service chips and salsa bar. I found this to be pretty awesome. You can grab your own chips and pick what types of salsa you want to try. This made me an instant fan. What didn't make me a fan was that there weren't any napkins at the station nor at our table. Not certain if they are aware of this, but chips and salsa can get a little messy.I ordered a taco salad minus the meat due to being vegetarian. It actually wasn't that bad but I will admit that I've had better. Nothing really wowed me about it and nothing really said authentic Mexican food to me. I could have gotten a better taco salad at Roberto's or an equivelant at Qdoba. Overall, the waitress was very friendly and always checked on us. And the hostess even hunted us down at the nearby bar when it was time for us to be seated, so kudos on the service. As far as the food is concerned? It wasn't bad, but it wasn't that good either. Nothing really said come back for more.
2	Met a friend for Dinner and it was an ok experience. The positive is the hostess came to us at the bar across the way to let us know our table was ready. Our waitress was pretty attentive. The only draw back on service was that it took them awhile to bring us some silverware. We ordered and as we were waiting we hit the chip and salsa bar. There was no chips but crumbs. We had to wait for that. The salsa bar was pretty messy. After going up a second time you would hope they cleaned it up. No, it was still messy. The salsa was pretty good. A good selection to choose from from very mild to hot. Well, what they think is hot lol. More like spicy ketchup. The menu was ok. Very pricy for the types of selections to choose from. I just ordered from the appetizers because it just seemed tastier. I ordered the Cholula Boneless Wings. They were pretty good. The flavor was cholula blended with butter. It was a star. The spicy chicken flour taquito thing they had, I don't know the name but was made with flour and looked more like an egg roll. It was flavorless. Im dipping salsa and cholula on it to get some sort of flavor. The other thing i couldn't figure out is that it's owned by station casinos, why is beer pricier in the restaurant when the bar next the it was cheaper. It made no sense and we would have to walk out to save a buck. Hopefully fix some things and revamp the menu. I don't know if i would go back unless I hear some positives. Till next time...Let's Eat!!
5	What a delightful meal! Cabo is nestled into a quiet corner of Sunset Station Casino, and is furnished with beautiful and rustic Mexican decor. The menu has enough to satisfy any palate searching for a good Mexican dinner, but not so much as to overwhelm you. Our server was Daniel, and he was delightful. He was attentive, funny, knowledgable, and helpful. Truthfully, he is the main component of what made our dining experience so memorable.I couldn't decide between the chicken tamales and the chicken enchilada, so Daniel suggested I get the combo platter as to enjoy both! I did prefer the enchilada to the tamale, but both were great, filled with shredded chicken and topped with a mild green sauce. The manager, Mike, even stopped by our table to insure we were having a good dining experience. I was so very impressed with service. I would definitely suggest Cabo. Go in and ask to be seated with Daniel!
3	Carne asada burrito was ok. Salsa bar was good!
4	Best Mexican food I've found in this town so far. Great chips and salsa bar. Bean dip was good. Had the appetizer sampler. Everything was good. Just wish it was open for lunch.
4	Finally!!  A decent Mexican restaurant!  We have been searching for a place that had flavor and spiciness.  We have found it.  Before you order a big plate of food, there is a Salsa Bar that has 8 different salsas!  They range from a few milds up to the hot hot salsa (which is for my husband!) On the salsa bar is also bean dip.  We were so delighted with this!  Since it was our first time here, we only started with an appetizer not knowing if we would still be hungry for a meal.  We ordered the Beach Party Platter which included quesadillas, steak nachos, wings, chicken taquitos and chili con queso.   This was absolutely filling and delicious! After all of this food, we couldn't possibly order a meal.  Bonus~ Their strawberry margaritas are big and only $6! Sweet and Strong! i only wish they were open for lunch.  Their hours are 5-11.  I would have given 5 stars.  Maybe I should petition for lunch!  I would definitely recommend going to the Sunset Station Cabo Restaurant.  Even if it's just for the salsa bar, you wont be disappointed!
2	Although the food was decent, our waiter was terrible. We are seated for a few moments before the waiter approaches to take our drink order. He returns with place settings. Few minutes later comes with our drinks and says the chips are on their way. Must have been coming right from the border because we waited about 10 minutes before we were delivered what was the bottom of the barrel crumbs. I ordered the enchilada and chimi taquito combo both with chicken, with rice and refried beans and my friend ordered the chimi taquito and mini burrito, both with chicken, with black beans and rice. The meal was pretty good, not the best I've had in town, but ok. However our waiter disappeared. We had to ask the busser Cody for a refill on our Pepsi!! He was the best part of our experience!!! When our waiter finally showed up he stood about 4 feet away from us like we were contagious! Well perhaps maybe he was afraid to catch a personality!!!!I am sure I will eat here again but hope next time the service is better! Oh and if you are wondering, they were not busy. It was about 9:30 in the evening and hardly anyone there. The previous time we were there all the tables were filled and our server that time was on too of it!! They should make Cody a server. He was hustling out there!!!
4	Friday night dinner with my Husband and Son.  We were seated right away. I had the combo plate with a cheese enchilada and chicken tamale. I substituted more rice for the beans. I also had a regular frozen margarita. Everything was very good and tasted fresh. We had pretty good service. I asked for a side of guacamole which was forgotten twice but I finally got it. All in all we had a very good experience.
4	I went to dinner with my family and we got seated right away. The server was very nice and checked on us a lot. The salsa bar was amazing, the salsa range from mild to super spicy. There was also a nice bean dip. We had to cadillac margarita and a mojito. The margarita came with a shaker that you could take home. The entries were delicious.
2	Food was good. Service was slow. Did not receive my appetizer and took 20 minutes for my free dessert with the Yelp coupon.
3	on our date night we figured last time we came to early so now its time for mexican! I had a diners coupon that was sent in the mail for 10$ off so it was really a no brainer :) i recalled they had an awesome salsa bar and i was right. I love sweet salsas and they had two to choose from a pineapple salsa and a mix of different fruits. but my fave was the avocado salsa and the regular chunky.  for my meal i opted for the appetizer beach platter. it had a lil of everything chicken wings with ranch, steak nachos, chicken taquitos, and a plain cheese quesadilla. oh yes i cant forget the awesome cup of queso they also give you!!!!  If you ask me the cheese quesadilla was a throw away nothing very special about it, it was bland except if you dip it in the queso. I would love to have had more chicken wings or taquitos. my fiance was thinking cheese so he ordered the cheese enchiladas, he is a manly man and sorry to say this was a puny meal for him. i of course shared mine :) Last time we were at cabo he ordered the shrimp tacos which he loved and he actually talks about from time to time so im sure he will go back to that next time around. our waitress was very pleasant and we will definatly be back for another trip to cabo.
5	I wish this place was open for lunch, but it's not.....The best thing here (the only thing we order) is the table side guacamole. It's great! The rest if the food on the menu is basic "safe" watered down Mexican food....seems to make tourist, wonderbread middle America happy. Order the guacamole! YUM!  :o)
4	Love the tacos and salsa bar- also have great bean dip and chips! Not super original but classic American Mexican food!
5	The Verde sauce was delicious! !! The chicken enchiladas and chicken tamales were really tasty and the margaritas were on point!
4	I came to Cabo for a birthday dinner and this place is great!  The salsa bar is AHHH-mazing because Cabo provides different sweet, mild, and spicy sauces.  Some examples include tomatillo avocado, pico de gallo, a sweet and spicy fruit salsa, and these hot salsas that I can't remember the names of.  They also have a refried bean sauce that helps neutralize the spices in your mouth.  I also like the fact that Cabo has a self-serve chips area so that customers don't have to ask the workers, "Can we get more chips?"  The carne asada burrito was definitely flavorful because the steak was marinated well and the corona-rita was smooth and buzzing.  If you come here on someone's special day, they sing and give a very large sombrero.  I'm definitely a fan and I will be back in the future!  If you enjoy Mexican food, this is the place to be!
5	I love this spot. Good drinks decent food although I don't care for the rice at all. All the servers are prompt and friendly, I come here often
5	Tasty generous portions, four of us all well pleased with different entrees and my spinach fajitas as pictured. A birthday person in our group enjoyed the serenade of the entire staff complete with a sombrero!
3	First time here.  The salsa bar was great.  Huge variety of salsa.  Service was good little slow at times.   But we got what we ordered. I had the three combo.shredded beef taco, cheese enchilada and Chili relleno.  Taco was awesome but next time I will try the ground beef. The shredded was big chunks so it got messy.  The enchilada was excellent. The relleno was a bit too greasy for my taste.   All in all it was a great meal presentation was lacking but the door was good.
1	Okay, yes, a decent salsa bar, but everything else was sub-par. First of all, we waited FOREVER for everything and it was so not a peak time or that busy. And the food; ohh boy. Maybe I misread the menu, but where I'm from carne asada enchiladas doesn't mean premade cheese enchiladas with a few overcooked strips of steak on top. It came with a small portion of beans and rice that I gobbled down quickly. The meal followed a super boring, hardly edible salad that I took two bites of and pushed aside. The house dressing was of a watery tomatoey variety. But yeah, the enchiladas were pretty tasteless, especially for $14.99. My boyfriend was appalled that his taco shells were soggy and there was like 4 pieces of shredded cheese atop sad pieces of chicken. He commented that we could have made much better tacos at home. Never again. The other Mexican restaurant in this casino, the counter service one, is actually good, just a tip! Go there!
3	Although they were about half of capacity our food took nearly an hour upon ordering for four of us; quality is normally consistent but this time i found a 2" piece of cellophane in my spinach fajita salad. Apologetically, management provided a complimentary dessert.
3	Service good. Thanks Justin. Bartender is lazy. I have your wine but not a full glass so none for you. Had to settle for a Tecate didn't even come with lime. LAZY
4	Love, love the salsa bar! Great variety and plenty of Hot options.The atmosphere is laid back and the menu is typical sit down Mexican restaurant style.I had the shrimp/crab enchiladas, which were pretty good and I could taste the shrimp more than crab. The entrees were good sized, and they are not skimpy with the beans.We had no issues with service, and though we didn't have any margs or other bar drinks, they do have Happy Hour.A good stop for decent Mexican if you are at Sunset Station.
4	Tableside guac.....BOMB!In my opinion, there's one thing that keeps me a loyal patron.....it's in a casino-bleh, the servers are average in a good way.  BUT that GUAC, is to die for. I will walk a mile to get in and deal with the stench of cigarette smoke to have the opportunity to dive into that green goodness. Really that's all you need to know.
5	Wow. It's not the first time I eat here. But has been definitely the BEST.... Our server was Jeanette. She was awesome, and very knowledgeable of her menu. She also suggested raspberry margaritas for my husband and I and those were great too. The food was great, service and atmosphere were good too.  I really recommend her to be your server next time you visit Cabo. Thanks Jeanette for your service.
4	My family is a big fan of this place. Normally a restraunt inside a casino is not for us. HOwever, this is an exception. The food and service always seems great. The salsa and chip bar is wonderful. They have refried beans on the bar and they are some of the best I have ever eaten. Not sure how they make them sooooo good. This place is great. Will defiantely be back over and over again!!!!!
4	BEAUTIFUL MEXICAN RESTAURANT Ordered Combination dinners. Oxaca and Monterey Jack Enchilada and Crispy Flour Choula Chicken Taquito served with rice and choice of refried or black beans... very tastyYu-go selected Chili Relleno, Pork Tamale and Crispy Taco with Ground Beef... pleasantly surprised with the quality.The food was more than plentiful and seasond perfectly to our south of the border preference. Priced very reasonably and certainly a bargin with a casino restaurant coupon.
5	Cabo, in our opinion, is the only really good restaurant at Sunset Station.   The food is consistently excellent and the service is fantastic.  Our server tonight is Jeanette and she knows what we want even before we do.  You'll love it if you like Mexican food.
5	We had a wonderful dining experience.  Our food wash delicious and drinks were awesome.  Justin and Nicke who served us were both very attentive and made our dining experience very enjoyable.  Kept us apprised of specials and were able to answer all our questions about menu items.  We'll definitely return
