5	First visit, but it was a good one!  Brought the kids... they really enjoyed their food.  The staff was extremely friendly and very eager to please.  We'll be back for sure.  I really like that a decent Thai/Viet restaurant has come across the country line, love that my money stays here in Union county.
5	Great place that serves some of the best Thai and Vietnamese food in Charlotte.I've been a customer for years at the families other place Viet Thai noodle house. Serviceis fast and friendly and the Food is outstanding and affordable. Some favorites of mine are the summer rolls, the pho, House special Bun, Pad Thai, and the pad ka praw.Check them out you will not be disappointed
5	Food was amazing. The service was attentive. Had large Pho Ga and couldn't believe the size if the portions. I will be back again for sure.
5	Thai, Vietnamese and Hibachi!  We ordered a Thai Dish "Pad Kee Mow" Wide Flat Noodles, Stir-fried with Vegetables and Shrimp and a Vietnamese Dish "Vermicelli Bowl" with Chicken, Shrimp, Spring Roll, Beef and Pork!  Both Dishes were 5 yelp stars!  These were some of the BEST Asian Dishes I have ever eaten!The Portions are Bigger and the prices did not come from Charlotte!  More Food!  Great Quality, Superb Service, Lower prices, I'm not dreaming, though it feels like it!Hey POPROCK LOVE, they are serious about SPICE levels here, if you order, spice level two it is pretty hot (not sweating nor hallucinating) just about right, (pretty spicy HOT!)!  If you order 3 level spiciness I do not know what would happen, though I'd like to be there when it does! Iowa's loss is Indian Trails gain!  A Thai Chef from Thailand via Iowa (it sounded funny to me too!)  The Chef here has SKILLS!The interior is the opposite of most Thai or Vietnamese places, lots of Red, everything looks NEW and clean!Readers: if you are new to Thai or Vietnamese Cuisine... Look at the food everyone else is ordering and get some ideas!  The staff here has a LOT of experience and will help you pick something you'll probably LOVE!
4	So happy to know there is a wonderful and truly authentic Thai place in Indian Trail!  Woo hoo!  We ordered shrimp tempura, green curry, teriyaki noodles, and pad thai.  The food is definitely worth it and can be a "go to" place for many (instead of the First China restaurant that you like but makes you sick after you eat it). It comes with healthy portions and good prices.  I'm Thai and a native of Chicago where the food just can't be beat, and finally I have a place that I am excited to order from again.
5	This post goes out to all the fine folks who make Indian Trail home; please visit this restaurant so it survives!  The food is really full flavored and authentic, so you will enjoy the experience.  The place has only been opened since this spring, and the owner is trying to spread the word.  I live in metro Atlanta, but was passing thru and saw the great reviews on YELP.This is a family owned restaurant, with the young daughter playing "hostess" and she does a nice job explaining the specials (when she's not doing homework!).    I am vegan, so I ordered the Angry Dish with Tofu.  Super delicious and perfectly spicy.The restaurant is not super visible from the road, and the strip center it's located in is not fabulous, but the location is clean, and the folks are friendly.Please give the place a try, so it will still be in business when I pass thru again in the future.  Your taste buds will thank you...
4	There is no shortage of delicious Vietnamese restaurants in Charlotte and this another solid one to add to the list!  Great, small, open space, clean and brand spanking new!The fresh basil rolls were delicious loaded with crisp lettuce and herbs, that's my favorite part!!  If you order a dish spicy, it arrives spicy, this makes me happy.  They also top their vermicelli dishes with grilled onions, you want an onion with every bite!
5	This is my second time eating here and it was clearly excellent. Not only was the food great but the environment was quite warm and pleasant!  A pleasant surprise for this area...
4	Decided to go to Thai Viet based on the few reviews I saw.  This place is off the main road in a strip mall.  It isn't a great location but the experience was excellent.  A better location could help bring more clients.  The service was good.  I was the only person in the place for lunch so I wouldn't expect anything else.  The food was great.  I had the shrimp tempura appetizer.  I was surprised how great is was and it came with shrimp and vegetables too.  Very nice presentation and delicious.  In addition, I had the hibachi steak with the noodles on the second to last page,  this was the best I have had.  This meal was a great deal of food so I am planning to bring some home for the wife to enjoy.  Please recommend to others and please try it yourself.  You won't be disappointed.
5	Delicious food, and very good variety of Thai, Vietnamese, and even some Japanese hibachi style dishes. This is my 2nd time eating here and both times the food has been great!I have done take out both times, but the restaurant itself seems very pleasant. The decor is simple, with an Asian feel, seats about 40-50, and has a flat screen available to watch your favorite game.PS-They are waiting on their alcohol license, so that should be coming soon...
5	You will NOT find better Thai/Vietnamese food in Charlotte. Period. Do yourself a favor and get the Pho Ga. Out of this world!
5	Some of the best good I've had in Charlotte!! Totally worth going!!  I normally don't write reviews or even trust reviews cause when I go to places they just ok or pretty terrible!! I was really excited when this place was good!! Check it out for yourself!!
5	We got the summer roll. It was great, fresh, and tasty. The sauce was a little too peanutty for me, but, it was still good.We also got the pho. Now, my favorite is Vietnam Grill on South Blvd. But, this is close to home, and their pho was very tasty. The broth flavorful, the noodles perfect, veggies fresh and crisp.Can't wait to try some of their other dishes!
5	Awesome Thai food for a small place in Indian trail North Carolina. If you are concerned about atmosphere maybe you should move to a town that has some lol.
4	Excellent Pad Thai and super service make this one to return to!  Will be trying more of the Thai- Vietnamese menu.
4	Who knew you'd find a good Thai/Vietnamese restaurant all the way down Independence? Indian Trail now houses this little shining star and beckons all those who crave Pad Thai, Pho, and boba tea. Once the typical Sunday Thai craving set in, my wife and I were listing off our typical go-tos as we thumbed through our bookmarks. Enter: Thai Viet. One of the places we had yet to try and decided to traverse ever-hated Independence Blvd for a taste. The unsuspecting space rests amongst a few other small businesses in a strip right off of 74. Not much to look at from the road and the sign is kinda small. If you're headed south, just look for it on your left about 2-3 miles after you pass under I-485. The interior is pretty plain. Just booths and a few knickknacky things for decor. We got our menus and started with some tempura veggies. "Meh" is all I can say about these. We should have known better to get these, but they did sound so good. The veggies were a little too tender for some and pretty bland. The sauce they came with was reminiscent of Japanese steakhouse "white sauce" and was overtly sweet. Not my bag. For entrees, I went with the Pud Thai and added the seafood mix. Not a typical order for me, but I wanted to try something new. Brilliantly flavored rice noodles, a smattering of veggies throughout, and a mix of mussels, shrimp, crab, squid, and scallops. The seafood was pretty fishy and might not have been the best grade from the day's catch. I picked around most of it, but at least tried a bit of each. It was definitely interesting and I'm glad I tried it. The noodles and usual Pad Thai suspects within were spot on. The owner was really nice and upfront with my wife about the veggie Pho. He even claimed, "Well, if you want veggie broth, it will be pretty bland." Really great to have that honesty. Though we didn't find it to be bland at all! It was packed with veggies and just needed a little sprucing up with Sriracha. Love the mix of their broth(s), too. The price was ridiculously affordable. Competitive compared to some of the other places in town. Should we be in the area, or just in the mood for more Thai/Vietnamese in the near future, Thai Viet will be in the mix.
5	Authentic, family owned and run.  The wife and I travel a lot and are rather picky.  So happy to find a local gem like this.
5	I would give them 6 stars if possible.....The summer roll was big and delicious sooooo good. I got the Mi Dac Biet the broth was amazing the seafood was perfectly cooked I can't rave enough about this. My Bf got Pho Dac Biet and and he raved about it as well. This was so good we ordered the same the next night. I cant believe this place is so close to home. I will be back here again.
2	I hate to be the one to break 5 star roll this place was on buuuuuuut......honestly this place was just below okay... I was on this side of town and because of other Yelp reviews I tried this place for lunch.   Walking in at around 1pm this place was dead empty.  Upon sitting down about 3 others entered and sat down.  I was wondering why this place was so empty at lunch and now I know why.  I ordered the summer roll and spring roll as an app.  The summer roll was bland and the lettuce inside was slightly brown and lacked freshness.  The piece of old lettuce that was placed on the plate as a garnish was limp and had brown edges...Gross.  The spring roll was pretty good.  Now on to the entree, I ordered the Pho with the meat raw on the side as I do at all Vietnamese restaurants.  The thinly sliced raw meat was brown...I just put it in my soup because I was too hungry to complain....the broth lacked aroma and flavor.  I tried to doctor it up with different sauces...just didnt work...I probably had 5 bites.  My BF had some noodle dish the owner recommended and he wasnt crazy about it either. He said the flavor got old.. Im annoyed we spent $40 on a 2 star lunch as I dont mind spending money on good food that is fresh and well made. There are much better options in Charlotte for vietnamese.  Hope Yelpers arent getting this place confused with Viet-Thai Noodle House which Ive never had a bad meal.
4	We ordered a vegan dish (daughter) and a house special (me)  in addition to an appetizer of sweet and sour bean curd.  The bean curds is huge chunks. The sauce is chili and sweet. Hot and stays in tour tongue but good! Loved this place and would def recommend it to anyone!
4	Delicious food!  Anything can be made vegetarian!!  Friendly staff!  Local business!!
2	I really wanted to like this place BUT:The service is SO slow for pho. What is taking 15-20 minutes? Hasn't the broth been done for hours? If you taste it, you can tell it hasn't been. The egg rolls- do you know those nasty, peppery ones that you get at cheap Chinese places? Yeah, it's those. There are way too many noodles for the measly amount of broth you get.  The last time I was there, I only ate the noodles and I was so low on broth, that when I needed a to-go container, I had to ask for more broth to be added. (not that it was very good- but what good are the noodles without it?) The owner was getting yelled at in the back by his wife maybe? And it took 10 minutes just to bring out a cup more "broth" for me to take home.  If you are in the area, try Saigon Kitchen if you can't make it to Central, it's much better. The egg rolls will leave you happy also.
3	Based on my one meal I'd say very good, better than some  but not "hands down the best in Charlotte". It's not even in Charlotte anyway! I had entered Stallings instead of Indian Trail in my Garmin and it lead me astray. I spent one hour in the bumper to bumper traffic going up and down 74 looking for it, only found it by asking in Viet nail salons - didn't see Mimi. I don't know it they have a lunch menu but Saturday 3 pm I paid dinner prices.Shrimp Tum Yun : largish portion but priced accordingly ($7) as an appetizer you're better off sharing it. I asked for hot and that's what I got, cleared my sinuses right up. Good, all the original ingredients were there, personally I could have done without the pineapple chunks and with less salt but that's just me. For the main dish I asked the waiter which had the most flavor: the Thai lemongrass chicken, or the Viet special dish which is a mixed grill. The guy said the chicken and I went with that.What I was served was a plate of *intense* curry , nothing at all like the Viet lemongrass dishes at Doan or Ben Than, more like an Indian curry than the typically lighter Thai curries too. There was more flavor in that dish than in all of Thai taste's menu combined.I wish the location was more convenient, traffic on Independence makes it chore getting there. I might have rated it 3 1/2 stars if it wasn't for all the 5 stars it's already gotten
4	Looooove this place. The food is fantastic. The service is pretty ok, considering. The owner and his daughter act as service staff and, what one trades off in Westernized service style, one receives in amazing traditional Thai food. My BF loves the Thai Tea and we have yet to have a bad meal. As a recent transplant from the Bay Area, this place gets my two total thumbs up.
4	So I finally figured out that there is a Thai place in Indian Trail. For my first visit, I opted for take out. Found the place ok. It's in a tiny strip of stores next to the Walmart. You have to do a U turn on Hwy 74 at the Walmart to get into the parking lot. Small place with red tables. Ordered the Pad Thai and two spring rolls. The spice level is 1,2 or 3. 3 being "Hot, Hot, Hot". I went with a level 3. I really enjoyed the flavors and the heat of the Pad Thai. I was really expecting the level 3 to be extremely spicy but it wasn't. The spring rolls were crisp and fresh. The sweet dipping sauce that came with it was a nice accompaniment. This place offers both Thai & Vietnamese food. I'll be back to try some more soon.
5	Incredible food and friendly (very informal) staff.  Owner, John came over and talked for a while.  Very friendly and honest person.  Do yourself a favor and visit often.  Can't go wrong, good portion sizes and surprisingly affordable for this cuisine. Can't say enough good things about it.Stick with the Thai food and you can't go wrong.
5	Trying a lemon grass, coconut, yellow curry with chicken and taking a tofu red curry home to #2!
1	Slow service does not even come close to describing this take out scene. Being in the business, I will cut people an inordinate amount of slack but this is crazy. Excuse making and incompetence. While I wait over an hour for  a small to go order. Sad because I live nearby and like the food. This food would need to be really special for me to ever come back here.
5	What a little treasure of a restaurant, especially for the Indian Trail area. John the owner is so friendly & passionate about introducing people to Thai food. I dined on Pad Thai with pork.  The ingredients they use are wonderfully fresh. The meat in my entree was not a cheap after thought but tender delicious quality cut of pork in and of itself even without the accompanying noodles. It was deeeeelish!  My honey had the red curry rice dish. We also sampled spring rolls & the spicy chicken soup - no complaints, all tasted great!  Thoughtfully seasoned and wonderful balance. Thai food is on track for healthy living!  It's fresh ingredients combined to create unique amazing flavors that wake up our Americanized senses and wow, I don't know about you, but I kinda dig that.If you come at a busy time of day, hey be patient please!  It's not crappy McDs food!  It's fresh homemade food made to order just for you, so keep your panties un-bunched and wait. It's worth it!Needless to say, I'll be back. (You can be Beethoven =P )
5	Pad Thai with chicken and a shrimp roll on the menu tonight. Both were very good! The recent reviews replace the recent ones but I have never had a bad meal or experience here and recommend it over regular Chinese restaurant because Korean food to me is lighter and also the menu here is huge so you get to experience a different dish every visit.  This is why I always come back!
5	Have only eaten here once so far because the whole household doesn't eat Asian cuisine but I really enjoyed it. Not too many places in Union County to get this kind of food and it was reasonably prices. Would recommend it to anyone. Sure beats driving into Charlotte for the same thing at a higher price.
4	The service was great and everyone there was super friendly. Food was great too! Love the concept of both Vietnamese and Thai cuisines. Kind of in a traffic-heavy shopping center (without a light) of Independence where it takes a minute to turn out of but worth the minor inconvenience.
4	I have enjoyed many great meals here.  The menu has a nice variety of Vietnamese and Thai dishes.  The staff is very friendly and very helpful explaining how the various dishes are made and are quick to offer suggestions for something new to try.  The service is fast and friendly and the prices are not bad at all.  I highly recommend giving it a try.
5	This place is amazing. Friendly staff, wonderful food. I have been there too many times to count, but due to the location I typically order over the phone and pick it up to eat at the office or at home. Never disappointed.A delight to have in the Indian Trail area!
3	Not to be confused with Viet-Thai Noodle House in a different part of Charlotte, the menu is very much similar: mostly Thai and Vietnamese inspired.Perhaps the most difficult part of finding this location is getting there - maneuvering on Independence is bad enough, but then you have to determine exactly which part of the strip mall you are getting to, and that can be challenging. Once you're there, however, you have plenty to choose from, and the staff is generally helpful in getting you there.The portion sizes are decent, though the prices are a bit on the high side (this could be because, as has been mentioned elsewhere, we went on a weekend afternoon - lunch prices could be available during the week).As to food quality: Definitely worth checking out if you're in the area, but due to access and prices, it may not be worth making a trip if you're a ways away.
4	I'm not a Pho or Pad Thai expert by any means, but I enjoyed my meal here and would be willing to return.  Dining room is cozy, not very fancy but I wasn't here for ambiance.  If you live in Indian Trail / Monroe / Matthews / Stallings, etc.... and you like Asian food but are tired of the same old greasy stuff, give this place a try.  There are some unique flavors and ingredients you do not get at typical Chinese take out joints.
5	This place is one of regular spots. They have great pho, pad thai,  and papaya salad. Generous serving sizes. Nothing hits the spot like pho on a cold rainy day.
4	Went here last night - food was great!  Friend had pad thai and raved about it.  Wife had beef w/mixed veggies and loved it.  I had chicken krapow and loved it.  We will go back.Service was inconsistent, which is why these guys only get 4 stars.  I will still go back again despire service troubles because the food is that good!!
