4	This place probably isn't what you came to Cosmopolitan for, but I bet you'll find yourself in Vitals at some point during your trip. Wanna bring home a souvenir? Vitals sell a variety of Cosmopolitan/Las Vegas stuff.  Had a late night and you're stumbling back to your room? Grab a bottle of water and a snack to ease your hangover. Came down with an illness or forgot something in your bathroom bag? Vitals is stocked with medicine. Forgot pool supplies? Vitals has sunglasses and sunblock. Got lucky and need some protection? Vitals has condoms for ya. Didn't get lucky? Vitals has adult magazines too!The prices may be more expensive than your local convenience store, but this is a hotel in Las Vegas. What did you expect? Just be thankful it is open 24/7.Please gamble responsibly.
3	***Like Wynn's The Drug Store, The Cosmopolitan's Vitals offers a pretty good variety of upscale packaged savory snacks and sweet treats; it is noticeably smaller than the mini gift shops and convenience stores at Bellagio and Wynn though***Like most Las Vegas hotels on The Strip, The Cosmopolitan offers both free valet and self parking.
3	If you've stayed at the Cosmopolitan Hotel & Casino for a few days, you've probably discovered the intoxicating fragrance of the lavender and peppermint shampoo and shower gels they place in your room.While I typically do not notice these things -- soap and shampoo is just soap and shampoo -- these unique scents perked me up. Not surprising, since peppermint has been said to augment alertness, while lavender has been used as a sleep aid and a muscle relaxant. Perfect. Balance.While you can hide the shampoo and shower gels bottles in your room in hopes housekeeping sets you up with a fresh stash the next day, you can also stop by Vitals, located a few steps away from the hotel's check-in desk and across from the Vesper bar.Vitals sells the whole line of C.O. Bigelow beauty products, so you can buy larger versions of the same gels and shampoos that are in your hotel room, so you can continue to smell like your days at the Cosmopolitan long after you leave Vegas. They also sell assorted drinks (soft drinks, beer, and the harder stuff), snacks, and sundries, and are open 24/7.
