5	My SUV needed a timing belt, driving belt & water pump change. Called 5 places and the prices was crazy high. But my mom & her friends all recommend this place. So I call and their quote was wow super cheap. Also they finished on time as they promised. They called me to let me know I can come pick up my SUV.The place is dirty but what car shop isn't. They're really nice, fair prices and honest people. Very rare nowadays. I like them a lot and would recommend them. They're Chinese but speaks enough English to get whats needed to be done.
5	Bring a friend here to get her car fixed up and recharge AC. She was very happy with the price and service. She'll be recommending to other friends as well.
5	Pretty satisfied with the work in this place.  They gave me an accurate price and provided excellent service.  I will definitely refer friends that live around the area here!!!
5	Boss is very nice person. The service really good.  My car have a lot of problem. But they only use few hours finish all the work.
5	My friend referred me to this place more than a year ago. Since then, I have been always going there when I need car repair or oil changes. Their prices are reasonable, services are quick and reliable. Last summer, my car water tank and pump were broken, Mr. Wang helped me fix it. He even gave me a ride home that day. Many thanks!
5	Recently I had my VW fixed there, and the experience was truly wonderful. The engine oil in my car was leaking and the gas tank was leaking as well which I didn't know at all! The people in there especially the owner Mr.Wang were very concerned about my safety, but at the same time they tried to find ways to save money for me. They gave me different options to fix it. Even advised me the VW dealership might be able to cover some parts.  But I finally decided to let them handle everything because they were so sincere. At the end they not only fixed everything,  but also charged much less than other places. Thank you so much!!
5	Came to Vegas from California and as soon as we got off the fwy my car felt weird, sure enough we come to realize one of my back tires had a big lump. Since it was late at night we figured that we'd take care of it early in the morning. We found this tire shop on yelp so brought my car in first thing. We got taken care of right away, friendly service at all times. When we saw the tire they took off I couldn't believe my eyes! Thank God for watching over us and led us to this shop safe. To top things off the owner rotated my tires at no cost :) he suggested we needed the new tires in the front and bring the older two front tires to the back. He was looking out for us, he knew we were traveling back to California and this would be the smartest thing to do. Very satisfied and definitely saving info and number in my phone. Thank you!!! =].
5	Very good place. I change my rear break pads here. Every body nice. Cheap also ! I will come back again!
