4	One thing is GREAT here... the patty melt burger, should be voted best in Las Vegas.  The next best thing is their chicken quesadilla, this aint your average quesadilla, this baby is piled high with chicken & cheese, tomatoes and spices, on a crunchy tortilla , this sets a new standard for restaurants to follow.  Bar food, wings and things are pretty average, but the two items mentioned will be worth your time.
5	My neighborhood place. Good ppl good food.
4	Went here for Sunday breakfast with my dad and my wife. Wife and I both had the breakfast sandwich, which was a good size, and fairly tasty. It would have benefitted from some type of sauce, though. Dad had an omelette, which came with hash browns and marble rye; he said it was good. I also had a bloody mary which was decidedly tasty, and came in a pint glass; score!Our waitress, Rebecca, was funny. When she brought the check and I grabbed it just before my dad could snatch it up, Rebecca told him that it was because he was old and had eaten too much. Oh, did we all get a good laugh out of that! Well, everyone except dad.
2	Stinks off smoke, bad waitress service, average to poor food.  This is a dive bar without any off the virtues of a dive bar.
5	I absolutely love this place. Food is very good. Bartenders at night ROCK. It is not on the menu, but order the homemade potato chips with melted cheese on top. These are great for a snack while you are getting your party on :)
5	Love this place! Food is great. Bartenders at night ROCK! It isn't on the menu, but when you have the munchies, order the fresh potato chips with shredded cheese. They are AWESOME!
4	I have lived in this area forever and can recall when this little place opened.  It was exciting to have a restaurant in the area.  After all these years I can say I still feel that same enthusiasm.Pros:  The food overall is tasty and the menu is much better from what it had been in the past in my opinion.  Prices are rather reasonable even off happy hour.  Service has always been good.  This is an area that can be tricky since it seems the bartender is also in charge of waiting on the tables in the restaurant.Cons:  The only real con is that this is clearly a bar that has tables for customers who may want to eat,  Originally there was a separation between the bar and the restaurant.  I do not necessarily mind this, but I could see some turned off by it.  I definitely plan on hitting up this spot more often. especially when the NFL comes back.
4	FANTASTIC BURGERS!! I was getting my car worked on next door at AA auto.. wanted to kill time. stopped in to get a bite to eat. YAY IM A FAN!! I am going there right now to get food to go
4	This place was surprisingly good. My buddy and I stopped in after reading a couple reviews and aside from the smell of stale smoke this place was great.I had the Hangover Burger with a nice over easy egg on top of a half pound burger. I'd be surprised if this place makes it's own burgers but at least they can cook them right. It was still juicy, warm and had a nice helping of fresh avocado on top. The burger was also bigger than I had expected, a full half pounder.In my opinion a minor drawback is that they have only 3-4 drafts, all the typical Bud variety. Minor issue. That being said, my total, including a large (22oz) draft came to just under nine and a half dollars.I could see myself bringing friends here if I was back in town doing more training.
4	I came here for some day drinking never bad idea in life right? Really came too support my friend Heather at her new gig at Northstar Bar & Grill. It tradition for all the years known her always stopped by whatever bar she working at over the years. Service always five stars on Heather day shifts! Honestly she does great job not only because she friend but she makes you feel welcome, never have worry about empty glass in your hand, and she will always find way too brighten ones day. Talk about all the way out there for me. I felt like drove too Utah and back. All for family. Once you get too Northstar Bar & Grill you would be surprise once you walk in the door. At the core just local dive bar that all about the poker machines or multi games and then little section for the restaurant. I been too lots of local dive bars in Vegas over the years. The thing that like about Nortstar Bar & Grill guess they recently renovated the interior. It feels new not old run down. They have couple pool tables, lots of widescreen all on the inside of the bar (bar rectangle, all widescreen up top, and bar in the middle), and they can change one of the widescreen too your game. Not much seating it comes too the restaurant. I just stopped by for day drinking so never looked at the menu. I would think its your basic bar food nothing exotic but simple everyday sandwiches what not find at most other sports bar/restaurant. The next time visit Heather make sure try some of the menu.  Overall if the place was not on the other side of town or in another state. I would hang out more often. It has nice lay back feeling too the bar. Again like the new feeling every place I look at and not beat the service or the best bartender I know in Vegas.
