4	Today was the first time I have tried Picazzo's.  Since this location just opened this week, we thought we would give it a go for lunch.  Overall I think this place is pretty great.  The food, the atmospher, and just the fact their concept is: Organic, Natural, Gluten-Free, preservative and hormone free and they buy local.   Now you might be thinking, oh It's probably totally overpriced.  I didn't think so at all.  It was lunch so our waitress was a little overwelmed but super nice.   Check it out sometime.  They have cocktails too! Ambiance / Decor: ADrinks: A ( Apricot Iced Tea)Food: AService: BAffordability: A
5	Most of their menu is gluten free - and SO amazing that their part of a celiac association! Everything is labeled so you know what you can eat and what you can't, but you can eat almost everything!YOU HAVE TO TRY THEIR GLUTEN FREE PIZZA. This is THE most amazing crust I've ever had that's gluten free! It's a must have. Most everything else is organic and natural and you just feel GOOD after either their food. It's pretty pricey - but it's worth it. This would be such a good date restaurant too. Great on a date before the movies right above it! Oh, and try their watermelon mojito. It's pretty legit.
5	I fell in love with this place! The food, the atmosphere, the staff/management and they offer Organic, Gluten-Free, preservative and hormone free menu items. I've started a pretty constrictive diet, so I don't eat out much because of the ingredients involved but this is one of the few with a menu I have absolutely fallen in love with. I had the Gluten-Free Pesto Pasta w/ Grilled Chicken and Pinenuts. DELISH!!! It's a great spot to grab a bite before a movie or heading over to the Merc Bar (lounge). I highly reccomend checking this spot out, they have a handful of locations around the valley.
4	I love Picazzo's! I came here at the recommendation of a family member who can't have Gluten. Now I knew little about this place, just that the food was very good and they had at least a few gluten free items on the menu.The restaurant is very nice. It's welcoming, comfortable, calm. Their concept is: Organic, Natural, Gluten-Free, preservative and hormone free and they buy locally. I was expecting a hefty pricetag, but was pleasantly surprised. Don't get me wrong, this is no cheap-eats type of place, but I felt I got what I paid for.I came with a friend who had been here before . We ordered the baked wings with BBQ Chipotle sauce and Meat-Za Balls as appetizers and shared a small Vortex pizza with Picazzo's original crust for dinner and Eve's Temptation for dessert.Everything was so good! Very flavorful and fresh tasting. The wings were perfect being baked, not fried. It was nice to have the wings drenched and sitting in a pool of sauce and grease. I especially loved the crunchiness of the crust.The food was great, our waitress was spectacular. My only complaint was that we ordered the Organic Garlic and Brie plate and several minutes later were told they were out of brie then at dessert we were told they were out of the brownie. Ggrrrr!! Even though they were out of two things we really wanted, we were both very happy with what we were able to order.
1	I am disappointed that they are closed without any signs on the door or message on their voicemail. I loved Picazzo's in Sedona and was excited about one opening here in Phoenix, so I planned an office lunch party for the holiday and was shocked when we went there and saw the lights out and doors locked. Not a good way to keep customers, no matter how good the food is...
1	I was excited to try the new Picazzos location (I loved this place when I lived in Flag!) but arrived to a sign on the door saying that they are shut down because they didn't pay their rent - wtf?!  It ruined our dinner and a movie night out...
