5	Thanks to all the friend staff at Nails for You. They surely made my day go very smoothly.I was introduced to this place from a friend who is a Vegas resident. They do mani/pedi, as well as hair and waxing. Seems like they get lots of men very comfortable doing their hair. It might not look too glorious, and the chairs might seem a little outdated, but the skills of their staff was absoloutely fabulous. I don't remember the last time I had my nail surface smoothed out when I was getting pedicure, but they took care of it rightaway. The chairs are actually very nice as well.The only downside of the place is that they don't do mani/pedi at the same time. They worked on the Pedicure first and as for Manicure, I had to move to sit at the table, which basically doubles the time of getting nails done. But with what kind of through job they do, it is definitely worth every single minute.I wish they had this salon in LA. I won't go anywhere else if they had people who worked so well like them.When I go back to Vegas, I want to come back here. So worth the trip. I refuse to pay expensive price for all those glamorous places that charge way more than what the service is really worth.
3	Do you know how much they charge on the Strip for a spa pedicure?  Over fiddy bones at most places.  I had a car and I was not going to get sucked into the tourist trap, so I yelped, found this place and called for the prices.  Spa pedicure costs $23 and they open at 9:30 a.m.  and yes, they take walk-ins.  SOLD!The location appears to be in the heart of Chinatown.  The shop is in a strip mall and it was in full swing when I arrived.  The lady was good at giving my feet a real good scrub, but mediocre in the massage department.  The chairs were very relaxing with all the typical massage bells and whistles for your neck and back.  But by day 2, the polish was chipping.  Not cool.  Normally, pedicures can last a pretty long time.  I had to dock stars because of it.Still, if you are in need of a pedicure (and I do mean "in need"), venture off the Strip and come here.  Pick up some noodles while you are in the neighborhood too.
4	Any place that offers $10 manicure earns a four-star from me by default!!!  And it's none of those five-minutes-and-you're-done or in any way unprofessional.  The lady that helped me out was Tina, and she was very patient and nice and professional.  I wanted to paint my nails pink, but then Tina convinced me to get a gel manicure with french tips.   I agreed, but I told her I am very picky on how I like my french manicures.  Anyways, there must have been a language barrier because she ended up giving me something I don't want on my french manicures.  Long story short, she had to remove all my gel and just paint my nails pink, which was fine. You may think this was all very frustrating, but Tina was very patient and I didn't feel too annoyed with the situation (and I am a very easily-annoyed person.)  Anyways, I asked her how much it was, and she said "ten dolla."  To my disbelief, I asked her again.  She responded with "ten dolla" again!  I was very happy to pay her an extra ten dollars for gratuity.  I will also return to try out the gel manicure soon.  Enjoy!
3	My nails were chipping from too much dice throwing during the week, and since vegas sucks up my money all the time, I was looking for a quick and cheap manicure to do some repair before I headed back. This was the first place that popped up on yelp, and I headed over for the reviewed $10 manicure. First of all, the price was raised to $12 for a manicure now. Secondly, I feel like non-manhattan salons do not carry Essie. I've only visited 2 so far, but nobody has Essie which is my go to. I'm ok with OPI, which is a staple but its sad that they didn't have essie. The lady that worked on my manicure was fine. She used a buffering machine thing, which is new for me. I've never had that type of treatment before. The manicure was fine, my nails lasted about a week or 1.5 weeks. The establishment itself didn't feel very chic or anything, but its fine for a quick manicure. It's a nail salon and a hair salon together. Most of the workers are vietnamese, and theres one haircutting lady that's chinese. They're not too chatty which is what I like; I tend to zone out when I'm getting a manicure. and they're friendly and nice. It's located in the middle of a small shopping plaza near this large asian super market, which was convenient. I recommend this place if you're visiting vegas and you need a quick fix.
4	Was looking for a conveniently located nail salon near the Strip where I live and found this place on Yelp. When I arrived, I immediately recognized the location as I have previously given a ride to a friend there. The service was great and the price was right! The only way to make it better is to have LA prices. But the manicure and pedicure package is a very good deal. Mai is my favorite person there so ask for her when you go. Plus having all the great restaurants nearby in Chinatown is a bonus. Especially Pho Kim Long and Tofu Hut.
5	I love it there!! Great customer service and work!! Must ask for Lisa- she's the best!
5	It's the best shop in las Vegas! Lisa does the best job. She gives great and friendly services!!!!
5	My sister and I desperately needed a mani/pedi as we had just gotten to Vegas for Memorial Day Weekend, and our nails were a hot mess!  We searched on Yelp and found this lovely place.  It was small and quaint and everyone was really friendly, especially Sammi, the owner.  She even gave us a recommendation for an organic nail polish that we could buy online for a really good deal.   I think it cost  us around $30 each for the mani/pedi.  We will definitely be back next time we are in Vegas!
3	Nothing to rave about. Not a bad deal. We had been on our feet a lot. And I mean a lot! My feet were NASTY. I'll admit that. My heels were also all cracked, blisters had formed on my feet, dirt was stuck in the crevices of the bottoms of my feet. wow... just saying all of this makes me wish I tipped real well.We got pedicures. Their chairs are lacking a place to put your stuff down. When they started scrubbing my feet, I cried out in pain because my heels were cracked. The women who were working on our feet weren't too friendly. They talked to each other in their own language which we couldn't understand, which isn't that considerate. When I asked the lady to use two different shades, one as the bottom coat and the other as the top, I think she rolled her eyes at me. It is the same amount of work they would normally do -- two coats of color... My feet did feel a lot cleaner and better afterwards.
3	Went with my sister to get mani and pedi with french tip. Pricing wasn't too bad ($12 for pedi, $23 for mani and then some more for french tip), but we've gotten better for the same amount paid. If you're a hygiene freak then don't go here. They re-used their gloves when they do people's feet and when you walk in it smells strongly of a nail salon.
5	My girlfriend recently got married. We contacted Nails For You and they were so accommodating and sincere (they even set out a beautiful welcome of snacks and cute decorations)! There were eleven of us and the technicians were so sweet and prompt. As most of you know, weddings have a constant time table; they made sure we were right on time and well taken care of! The service providers were so nice and made sure to accommodate our every request! We loved our experience and for those of us who live here we will absolutely be back!!!
1	Horrible...My friend and I decided to get a pedi after work today... That was a huge mistake..They cut a chunk out of my foot and didn't even apologize.. They talked to each  other in their language and didn't even say hi to me.. the worst part is that we were in our uniforms so they know we were locals... I will NEVER return and neither will my friend.. Oh and I posted a pic on here of my foot too... I forgot to mention that another tech did surgery on her foot with a needle and put the needle in a sanitary bucket right in front of us.. thank goodness I have been vaccinated for hepatitis.. :(  .. and I'd love to give this palce a negative 5 stars.. And I forgot to mention that the nail tech next to us pulled out a needle and did surgery on her foot right in front of us and put the needle in the "clean" box.. WTF...
4	I was in town for business and badly needed a pedicure. My colleague and I went to this place and had a great experience for the money. The place isn't fancy but for about $22 dollars they provide you services that other places would charge you 45 to 50 dollars.Staff very friendly.
5	Nail For You is the best nail n hair spa in Las Vegas! All employees are friendly n give excellent service. Especially Lisa, she is awesome n understand what's the customers want.  My girlfriend, my friends, and I love to get our services there. We always come out the spa satisfied!
1	This is a worse nail salon ever. The lady cut my toe and and pretended that she did not cut it after I told her that she cut my toe. She insisted that she did not cut my toe until I show her the cut. She did not apologize for doing so. I was so angry when I leave the door and I am considering complaint about the business to Health department cause cutting someones skin was a serious health issue. So those who actually had a cut during the pedicure process, we should all get together and complaint about the shop with the health department. If you are interested, email valenf2002@yahoo.com. This can be serious cause I am strongly doubt about how effective their UV disinfection box is...I am so concern now that I think will pay a visit the doctor soon and get my blood work done.I am never go to the salon. It is not recommended.  I would leave this salon a negative five stars if I could.
1	Horrible horrible horrible! I would never come back here. The lady basically called me liar when I asked her why she wasn't doing my pink and white fill. Saying I said I wanted a back fill. She told me she had already started and there was nothing she could do. She cut me with the drill twice and didn't even apologize. I left really unhappy. DO NOT GO HERE!
4	I have to mention that I only came here because Yelp recommended this place and I have to agree. They have a poor selection of nail polish to choose from since they do more gels and acrylics here, but thankfully I had my own bottle of Essie "Butler Please" blue and they did an awesome job. I had a mani-pedi for only $33 dollars and definitely worth every penny. My feet were very dry and peeling and the lady used something to remove all the excess skin and this morning my feet feel soft and polished!Before my manicure, I was delighted that she was thoughtful to ask if I wanted my cuticles trimmed or cut. Very seldom have I ever been asked by the manicurist, so thank you Nails for you for paying attention. I would highly recommend this place for gels, acrylics, and simple manicure pedicure. Just bring your own polish!
1	Worst pedicure I've ever had the displeasure of having. The lady didn't say a single word to me the entire time. She took forever. Even when she was scrubbing the bottom of my feet she kinda just feigned it.  She pushed my cuticle far back and it hurt :( she even filed my toenails so close I flinched. She clearly didn't know what she was doing and she wasn't even friendly to boot. Loser in my book.  BTW, she took my credit card and swiped it and forgot to give it back to me.  I didn't even realize til I got home, but I did NOT want to go back.  So I was forced to cancel and get a new card.  What a pathetic excuse for a business.
3	Great Pedicure! First time trying this place out, getting out of work. Searched on yelp for a close by nail salon and found this. They don't talk at all. Especially my nail tech lady. Didn't even greet me, but I'm not a talker either. She gave me a relaxing massage on my feet, liked it. As soon as she finished polishing my nails she just walked away and didn't say a word. She was just not in the mood to talk to me I guess. Overall it's an alright place if you're near by and in need of a pedi after work like me. Probably won't visit this place again though.
2	My friends and I came here to for a bach party and decided to get out nails done. My advice, STAY AWAY!! The lady who did my nails cut my cuticles so close to my skin I bled, twice! The same lady did my friends nails after me and cut her as well!! Sure you get what you pay for but still $19 bucks for a french manicure is still money, just hold on the cutting my skin and the bleeding! I will not go back.
1	Went to this place on a Tuesday with a friend, and they said they are low staffed and can't take us! Wow! Stay away! Very unfriendly!
1	My girlfriends and I were having lunch at Pho So 1 before heading home after a bachelorette party this past wkend and I happen to see this nail place in the same plaza. After everyone had to drive home or fly home, only me and another gf were left and I had some time to spare before I flew home so we decided to get our nails done.I could already tell it was not going to be a good exp. as the place looks old and dinghy. I had one of the youngest gal working on me. She did both my pedi and mani. For my pedicure, she did fine up until the polishing...she didn't know how to polish this light color I wanted-she did 3 coats and it just globbed and way too thick. For my mani, while filing my nails, she nicked me with the filer and I had to stop her. I opted for a French manicure since she couldn't paint my toe nails with that color and she couldn't even do it right with the french manicure either. When we left, there were bubbles on my finger nails and it was just horrible.  She took over 1.5 hrs for my mani and pedi. We had nice conversations since we both speak the same language. I felt bad for this girl cuz she took a long time on my nails so I gave her some tip but I'm NEVER coming back to this place when I go to Vegas next time. I know I shouldn't even tip her for the botched up work and that just reinforces her but I can't walk away without tipping anyone...
4	Regular pedicure was $23 and a gel manicure was $25. I was expecting to pay $35 for the gel manicure, which I was quoted over the phone. They had a lot of colors to choose from, including gels. I found my shades of pink perfectly. The lady who did my nails didn't carry any conversation with me, but I was totally fine with that. I wasn't really in the mood to talk anyway. It's been 2 days since I received my gel manicure and it's still perfect. Let's see how long it's going to last me!
4	Went here with my Mother-In-Law to get her a pedicure. She ended up getting a pedicure and a hair cut and then offered to get me a pedicure. The people were friendly and very inexpensive. The entire process was $50.00 with tip. If you can handle the employees not speaking english then check it out!
5	I moved from Manhattan to Las Vegas in December  and wasn't able to find a cheap place to go for a mani/pedi. I found this place on yelp, called and asked how much it was, it's $33 dollars for both and that includes callus remover, which normally you have to pay for. The lady that helped me was quiet, took her time and she finished the pedicure with a gentle massage that included my legs. I was very happy with my choice. In New York you can get a cheap mani/pedi but they are mostly in such a rush. I like to enjoy it so I guess I found an amazing place that offers a good quality mani/pedi. I also saw other girls getting acrylic nails and they looked amazing.
4	After living in LA for so long, I usually don't plan ahead to get my nails done. There's a dozen places I know where I can just walk in and they take me right away. Not so in Vegas. After driving around for a while, I check Yelp. And find Nails for You. I called and they said they would fit me in as soon as I got there. I walked in, sat down, and Mimi did a great job. I'll definitely return next time I'm in town.
1	UGH!!!!!!!!!!!! Waste of my time and way more importantly my money!!!!!!!!!!!!I called before I came in to make an appt at 2pm, and I got there right on the dot.  I walked in and I was the only customer there, I said to the lady behind the counter, i have an appt at 2....She legit looked at me like I spit in her food!!!!!!!!!! I was instantly turned off, but I was already there.  I originally went in for a pedicure and finger nail polish (just a paint, no mani) she said go pick your color.  The selection of polish sucked, big time!!!  I decided not to do my fingers and just pick whatever for my toes.  I told her never mind the fingers and she must have, again, found my spit in her food.A girl pops her head out from the back and says....Ill be right there after I eat my lunch, smh.  Why would they let me make a 2pm appt if thats lunch time??  Finally after wandering around like a weirdo, they put me in the spa chair.  Did not help me in, turn the massager on, or bubbles. Like wow!!!They let me soak for about 3 min, before she starting working on my feet.  She didnt talk to me, which, I prefer.  But I had to tell her, short, square, this color, blahhhEverything was going ok, until 2 other girls came in.  Suddenly my girl started rushing me.  Apparently there is only one person to do toes???  I saw two workers sleeping in spa chairs!!!! Really???  There was about 10 spa chairs in there and they sat the new person right next to me.  Its a small thing but to me its annoying!!!  When it was time for my leg massage, she busted out the jergans lotion!!! SMH I go there for the good stuff, that I could buy myself.  Cause she was in her rush my leg massage was literally 2 min long, FOR EACH LEG!!!!!!!!!!!!! Then boom she was done, painting my toes really fast and moved onto the next person!!!Once my feet were dry I took the seperaters off and got out the chair and put my shoes on by myself............no help from anyone.....these workers were beyond lazy!!!!!!!!!!!!!So I left there paying 23 dollars for crap!!!!!!!!  DO NOT COME HERE!!!!!!! I NEVER WILL AGAIN!!! Horrible service.............btw my feet look ok, I could have done them better...........boooooooooooooo
5	This is definitely my number one choice in Las Vegas for all my spa service needs. Whether I call ahead and make an appointment or just walk-in, I am always well taken care of. The shop is always very clean and presentable and they provide a variety of services to accommodate any need. The staff is always friendly and willing to be flexible with my schedule. I would highly recommend this venue to any of my friends or family, local or from out of town.
5	Highly recommend this salon! Went in on a friends referral to get my toes, nails and eyebrows done for graduation. They were able to get me in on my very limited time frame. The spa pedicure was very nice and relaxing and Linda did an amazing job on my gel manicure. I got french tip gels that looked wonderful for well over three weeks :) Next time I want gels onmy nails I am ddefinitely going back!
4	I didnt make an appointment for my mani and pedi so I had to wait about 20 mins but I was greeted when I walked in.  Hong is the lady that helped me today and she was great!  This salon is inexpensive which is a plus.  The only thing I didnt like is all the talking amongst the workers in their foreign language.  The salon itself isnt the best looking nor in the best area but the pedi chairs are good and give great massages.
5	Great service!!!!! Staff was friendly and the service was fantastic. I will definitely be going back again for mani, pedi and waxing! Thanks ladies!
5	NICEST EMPLOYEES!  Took me as a walk-in love that. Toes looked perfect. Overall great experience,good prices, and good conversation.
5	Amazing service, friendly staff and good prices what else can a girl ask for  Sammy which is the owner was so quick and very detailed with her nail work the staff there is sweet and welcoming ITS A PLUS for me i recommend it for sure
4	Xong did a great job on my gel polish.  After 2 days at EDC,  my nails were tore up.  She cleaned everything up for me, and gave me as awesome daisy yellow glitter look.  So happy!  Will come again next time I'm in town.  Thanks Xong!
5	WOW!!! Clean, friendly, good prices, quality work, comfortable, and fun!That is the only word to describe this salon. I have a very busy schedule and no matter what they always go out of their way to make time for an appointment. I have always been greatly impressed with their service not only the cleanliness but the professionalism, and great quality of work that they do here. I have gotten everything from Mani/Pedis, to gels, to waxing, and acrylics at Nails for you. Linda is typically the technician I see but EVERYONE that is employed her is not only kind, and helpful but they all do a great job! I have never left unhappy form Nails for you. I am sometimes clumsy and have smeared a finger or toe before they don't make me feel like an idot (like I already do because I messed up their hard work) or act annoyed they smile and say no problem lets get that fixed before you leave! I cannot give enough positive feed back for this salon, I go 45 minutes away from my house to make my appointments here with Linda! Highly recommend trying them out!
5	Visiting from Texas I wanted to get off the strip and decided to get bubble tea and a mani/pedi. So happy I found this place! I was set up with Mimi and she was absolutely wonderful! Easy to chat with, but I knew if I wanted to just relax she would have been down. My toes and fingers are happy and so am I! I will make it a point to visit again when I come back in December. In fact, we visit Vegas 3-4 times a year and I think I just make it a new routine!!
3	Had a good pedi experience at Nails for You at a reasonable price, esp for Vegas.  It's run by a bunch of nice ladies who were very welcoming.  Totally liked the fact that she scrubbed off the roughness on my heals!  I feel like a lot of places only do it for show (i.e., foot still rough), but I left with some smooth feet after this experience!My primary negative on Nails for You is that you may not like it if you're a sanitation nut.  No, they do not take their utensils out from a sterile plastic baggy...and no, you're not sure if they do much more than wipe their utensils with alcohol in between uses.  I personally can't say that I care that much, especially for my feet.  For my hands, maybe I'd care more...  Second negative is that while they have lots of colors to choose from, they're mostly random brands.  The shelf is not lined with Opi and Essie like a lot of the more posh places.An important note for visitors -- it's hard to catch a cab back to the strip from here.  If you call a cab, would be about a 25 minute wait for one to show up.  However, there is a nice air-conditioned bus that will go down Spring Mountain Rd and drop you off at the strip -- $2/person.
3	I came here a few weeks ago and got a manicure with a friend because I didn't want to sit there reading a magazine. The people are super friendly and the prices are great! I believe it was $12 for a manicure. The place is pretty clean and it's in a huge shopping center so parking is not an issue. They also have hairdressers in the salon as well. Check it out if in the area.
5	Been going here for 10+ years.  Always had Lisa.  Aside from being perfect person at her craft she's a all great woman.  Gentle in her ways and a expert in her craft.  Place is always busy.  Make an appointment.  Your hands feet and mug will love you for it
5	I needed a last minute place to get my nails done for my wedding. My mother and I walked in here without an appointment. I got a full set of pearl tip acrylic nails and my mom got a manicure. We were very pleased with your work. I would highly recommend to anybody.
5	I am a female who works on performance and race cars. I haven't gotten my nails done in 10 years. This place was awesome! Sammy was so nice and it was very reasonable! I got the gel nails done. Love it!
3	Came in for a last minute pedicure. They took me within 10 mins even though I didn't have an appointment and it seemed they were a bit busy. Very nice ladies and got a decent pedicure. However, the reviews say a pedicure is $23 when they charged me $30. I got a regular pedicure French tip (and I know it's not $7 just for white tips). No music, just them talking to each other. The lady didn't really ask me what i wanted and just did an OK job. I would only come here again as a last resort.
