5	K. We went here because it was close to The Boulders where we were staying and they have a tapas menu, which we were in the mood for. Guess this place has only been here for 2 months or so... Not sure WHAT their theme is other than high end'ish...Tapas are only available @ the bar (we found this out after we were seated @ our table- and therefore we promptly moved to the bar!)...We had: the rosemary bread fondue (couldn't taste the rosemary...), cesaer salad (I loved the strong garlic flavor, my other half didn't) and the "Hot Rock}" which was close to orgasmic. They serve small pieces of fillet, and ahi with dipping sauces and a VERY hot rock to "cook" yer stuff on. Great concept. But, the best part was the "experiment" the chef presented us with and that was foie gras, a biscut and currant jelly. The foie melted on the rock and just opened up the creamy texture... Combined with the biscut and jelly, it was yummy.For dessert we had the blueberry strudel (too mealy) with sesame ice cream (awesome!) and the apple tart tartan which was also good (cinnamon ice cream- good, but give me more of the sesame ice cream!)...I hope this place succeeds...
5	When I heard there was a new Asian-Fusion restaurant, I had to try it.  Luc's (pronounced Lucks) attention to detail was exquisite.  The ambiance and decor were very lavish and in vogue at the same time.  Painted designs on the wall, one of Napoleon, with sheer drapes hanging made it very attractive to look around.  The chairs were unbelievably stylish.  My favorite of the decor was a hand blown glass chandelier that was imported from Italy.  Before any food arrived, I was already impressed with chic wine carafes, dark wood chopsticks and unique ultra-trendy flatware.  There were lots of diverse selections on the menu.  The food was very good and the presentation of it was even better.  I had hamachi wrapped around lettuce.  The shrimp and lobster bisque that also had gnocchi in it was poured in a bowl (that looked like a flying saucer) tableside.  The micro greens salad came with little shots of vegetable and fruit drinks.  The most interesting entree was the Sauteed Mexican White Prawns.  They came on top of rice cakes and were "fiery" hot!  I had salmon, which was not my favorite, but I didn't care because I loved the side order that it came with.  It was a grain that had edamame with vegetable caviar and a spicy sauce.  The dessert menu obviously looked good as we were three people and ordered three desserts.  I had the homemade ice cream and it was amazing.  Speaking of amazing, our waitress was just that.  She was not only nice and friendly, but extremely knowledgeable with the food menu as well as the wine menu.  Luc's was definitely worth the drive to experience.
2	I've been meaning to try out Luc's ever since they started the remodel from the previous restaurant. I only live a few minutes away, so my close restaurant choices are pretty sparse. I finally went with my husband during happy hour. That is the only reason that I gave this place 2 stars instead of 1 star. Their cocktails are very tasty and potent and they are half price at happy hour! The food however was generally not good, especially for the prices they charged. We had the pork belly with avocado empanada and the Kona Kampachi served on a salt block. I've eaten a lot of fine dining over the years, so small portion sizes do not bother me as long as the food quality is there. Well, at Luc's the food quality is not good. The Kampachi tasted a bit like mackerel and the portion size was barely 3 small bites. That fish was definitely not fresh and for $14, it was tremendously overpriced. The pork belly was a bit better, but they could have cooked it differently in order to get the fat to a nice crisp instead of a mush that didn't quite melt in my mouth. The empanada dough was underdone and the avocado filling was barely present.   You can watch a couple of the cooks in the open kitchen. I got a look at the scallops they were plating. They were the size of a quarter and looked pretty well seared, probably indicating that they were overdone. The chef had a glazed look in his eyes and looked bored to tears for the whole time I was there. The front of the house, however, was extremely enthusiastic.So my advice is to go during happy hour (5pm - 7pm daily, I believe), sit at the bar and just get drinks. The decor is fun to look at and the bartender we had was very attentive and made good cocktails.
4	LUC'S IS CLOSED - WILL REOPEN IN JANUARY 2009 UNDER ANOTHER NAMEBeautiful dining room and presentations, warm and attentive service."Just learned that they lost their chef (Gio Osso) to the Estate House. The owners and staff are very welcoming and accommodating, in the sense that they are truly gracious hosts, who don't take their patrons for granted like some other fine dining restaurants. I disagree with some of the other reviews that mention that "the food was generally not good." Luc's is a destination for foodies like myself, who appreciate some unusual yet delicious culinary creations.I consider Luc's to be one of the best kept secrets in Scottsdale and a worthy competitor to Binkley's restaurant in Cave Creek.I have a lot of faith in the creative team that is behind Luc's, from the standpoint that that their cuisine is not only very tasty, but dynamic for a contemporary American restaurant. In fact, Luc's is ahead of its time that keeps attracting adventurous diners from all over the valley
