2	These are a chain around the city and around Canada, so look at other locations for reviews.I was underwhelmed. The beef I had was adequate, the salad was OK, and the frites were good, but the only "sauces" for the frites were mayo, catchup and vinegar. I'm used to the boutique "frites" eatery "Brugge" in Indianapolis, where there are scores of sauces to choose from for your frites including a garlic aioli, and curry spice. The emphasis in this place is on STEAK and not FRITES. That's not a bad thing, and if you're hungry for some pricey red meat it isn't a bad place to go.The nice thing about this place is that if you order a soda it is served in a chilled glass bottle and you're given a chilled glass for it.
4	Apportes Votre Vin (Bring your own wine).  What a concept.  Steak and fries restaurant that doesn't serve beer or wine but recommends that you bring your own.My husband and I enjoyed our dinner here at Steak and Frites as we were searching for a reasonable steak dinner to remind of our prior vacation in paris.  The meal came with a salad which was beautifully seasoned with a light cream sauce.  There are three steak sauces ( you can ask for all three) dijon, pepper and mushroom.  For the frites (its all you can eat) and it comes with ketchup or mayo.  We also shared the escargo (snails) and it was absolutely delicious topped with cheese.  We had a side of mushrooms and they were seasoned with pepper and parsley which was a nice pairing to our meal.The service was slow even though the restaurant wasn't too crowded but we enjoyed our meal and savored every bite.
4	Quite a tasty place.  I wasn't in the mood for steak but what did catch my eye was duck confit and escargot. Both were delicious and the bread served with the meal is quite tasty. My only mistake was not bringing a bottle of wine to this place. They only have soft drinks so if you want something a little stronger, bring a bottle of wine. They're very bottle friendly and if you didn't know better, you'd swear it was a wine bar from the amount of wine on people's tables!
4	Delicious!  Both the steak and the concept.It was a lot fancier inside than I expected.  My boyfriend and I were dressed fairly casually, but it didn't seem to matter.  We wandered in on Saturday night about 7:30pm worried that we might need a reservation.  The host asked if we wanted to sit right away, but we wanted to get beer first!He directed us to the closest place to buy beer and told us that he'd hold a table for us - how nice is that!!We stopped into the little store, got ourselves some amazing Belgium styled brew and headed back.  We were seated promptly and were helped by the most delightful waiter.  Actually all of their staff here is amazing.  At any given point, someone would ask if were okay - it was a real team effort.Our waiter was funny and asked if we wanted English menus.  He didn't want to assume we couldn't speak French, which was nice for us stupid Americans.  We gladly took the English menus but joked about how we could just guess what we wanted - Steak. He explained what the different options were.  My bf and I got the 7oz steak, which comes with a salad, vegetable (green beans) and unlimited fries.  I asked if there was cheese on the salad (that happens to me all the time) since I'm allergic.  He said no but returned a few minutes later and mentioned that the salad dressing might so offered oil and vinegar instead.  I thought this was such a great suggestion and couldn't have been more pleased with his attention to detail. My bf ordered the french onion soup, which was delicious!  The salads were crisp and tasty.  They spaced out the meal perfectly.  Enough time to digest in between.  They put out delicious hot rolls on the table with butter.  I usually don't eat the bread on the table for fear of spoiling my appetite, but they were too good to pass up. The main course finally arrived and it was to die for.  The steak was perfectly seasoned and cooked just the way I wanted.  The green beans still had a nice crunch to them and complimented the steak well.  The fries were amazing - cooked to golden perfection.It really was an incredible meal.  After we were done, our waiter took our plates and told us to relax, enjoy the rest of our beers and call him over if we wanted dessert or coffee.  Exactly what a waiter should stay to two stuffed pigs!  Overall the experience was delightful.  We were treated like kings and queens, ate like them and in the end our bill with a generous tip was only $60.  You just can't buy this type of meal in NYC for that price.enjoy!
4	Amazing filet mignon and salmon dishes. Only fault is lack of air conditioning. As like numerous places in Quebec you can byow.
4	Went here last week while I was at a conference in Montreal. It is right in the downtown hotel area and thus I was surprised to see it was BYOB. I was lucky enough to go in and lunch and get a reservation for 8 pm that evening and we also found a Couche-Tard close by where we could pick up some wine.We arrived on time and in less than 10 minutes we were sitting at our table and open up the wine (interestingly no corkage fee). I ordered the Calimari which was quite good - crispy yet still tender and I had the escargo which they give you the option of having served with grilled cheese on top, if you are into that sort of thing.Since it is called Steak Frites I thought I would go with that ever so French meal and had the Saint Paul cut which was supposed to be especially tender and I had no complaints. The fries are served from a larger server bowl onto the plate and are soft rather then especially crispy and of course, in honor of the French focus, I had them with mayo rather than the American favorite, Ketchup. Oh, all the main courses came with a salad, which was quite fresh, and then slightly blanched french green beans and some grilled cherry tomtatoes as well, both which were exceptionally fresh though didn't really wow me.As I was on an expense account I asked if they could provide separate checks for our party of four and that was not a problem. Overall I thought the prices were reasonable, the service was good, and the place has a nice friendly atmosphere. Definitely a place to go if you have never had Steak Frites before or you just really like red meat - bottom line, the food was good and a good value.
4	A very good steak house in the neighborhood with a very reasonable price. And the best part, you can bring your own wine!!! I had the Filet Mignon last time and one of the best so far I had in Montreal!
3	MEDIOCRE, and "bring your own wine" is overrated. I had the fillet mignon. Maybe in comparison to the steak houses in strip malls, this place is ok, but not in the Old Port, where there are MANY better restaurants. Maybe I'm too much of a meat lover to appreciate a tolerable steak. The thing is, I can make a better steak at home for less money and with the same effort (very loud dinning room). The only time I would recommend this place is if you're doing a corporate dinner on a weeknight, not too busy, not too pricey, not too despicable.
3	Last meal before departing my 24 hour stay in Montreal and of course, leave it to the Americans to end up at a steak and fries joint. It's obvious what their specialty was but I wanted to try somthing different. A local told me they are big on duck here so I opted for the duck confit. It was good but a bit on the dry side. I like my meat more tender and juicy. As far as the appetizers, calamari and escargo were good. Next time, I'll just stick to what the sign says and get steak and fries.
4	Steak Frites is a great bring your own wine restaurant. I love the side dish of thinly sliced French fries. It is classy and casual all at the same time. The ambiance is nice. The service is fast. The food is great love the grilled salmon.
4	First off, it's conveniently located only a couple blocks from the old port, and a couple steps off both metro square victoria and bonaventure.For the food, my wife and I shared the 20oz bone in ribeye for 2, whcih included a salad, green beans and unlimited frites (fries) as well as some special sauces for dipping. The overall menu is limited, maybe 8 main course options that include duck confit, salmon, filet mignon, rib steak and others.  Appetizers include calamari, French onion soup, escargot, etc.  We had the soup and escargot...delicious.   Service was also exceptional, they were friendly and responsive.  I wore jeans, and when we went they were playing a hockey game on tv, so pretty casual overall. The best part is it's byob, and their is an SAQ in the old port and a couche tard across from bonaventure metro stop.  With appetizer, tax and tip, figure about $50 per person. Would go again and recommend to a friend.  Provided 4 stars because they did not offer for us to take home the left overs, instead they just took everything.
4	My first memory to write this review was the next morning when I was sober and saw the charges on my check card statement.  It was clearly my first experience with a trendy restaurant allowing us to bring in our own bottles of wine.  That is not something you experience in the U.S. and by the end of our second bottle of wine I must have thought I was a baller and picked up our friend's tab as well, thankfully the food and company was worth it.The service was nice, several people came to our table throughout the night to make sure we had everything.  Everyone at the table went with one of the specials that night targeted towards couples.  It was the 20 oz ribeye, that included salad, one side dish, and unlimted fries.We ordered calamari for an appetizer and it was excellent, our friends went with the escargot.  The steak was cooked perfectly medium as we requested and was so delicious I had to go caveman with it when my wife was done (see photo)This may have been a lost in translation thing, but I was surprised they did not ask us if we wanted a box.  There was some steak left over among other food, and for the price I paid I was surprised they cleaned the table in front of us without asking.
3	My 4 year old's favorite restaurant.
4	Another spot that I forgot to bring my own wine...quick 4 block or so walk and I was back to sit down for dinner!I had steak.  With beaucoup des frites.  The steak was actually quite awesome...I ate the St Paul, wow, surprised me how tasty it was!  Then there are unlimited fries, and when they say unlimited I feel it my duty to at least have a second helping...and since I was already so stuffed I ate desert as well...The place lost my reservation, but it ended up that I didn't need one for 6 people anyways on a Tuesday night.  Still, a bit annoying.All in all was very good.  I would return here.
3	Very nice decor and a great ambiance. Why 3 stars??? I am a waiter and I can't believe that waiters like the one I had tonight can keep their job. Rude and had absolutely no character or expression. Never asked if everything was good. Took the order, gave us the bill and that's that. I hate being a waiter too but a job is a job, either u do it right or get out. Besides that the meat was great and I still had a great time with my girlfriend. The runner(busboy) was very good. Much better than our waiter. Will I go back to steak frite? Definitely but maybe another location.
4	Went to this place for an early dinner with my boyfriend before we left Montreal. Service was excellent. I like my steak medium well and it was cooked exquisitely with angus beef. Beans were good cooked. Fries were a little small but still OK. We came for steaks and they gave to us!
2	Wasn't as impressed as I'd hoped. The service was basic...the hostess sat at us at a table with no menus and didn't tell us about any specials. The waiter came by about five minutes later, and we ordered. The salads were simply butter lettuce with a creamy dressing (they didn't ask what we wanted, it just arrived), and while the steaks were good, they weren't anything great. I did like the fries and the green beans were very good, but I've had better steaks on the BBQ in the backyard...!
4	We had a huge group dinner here of 19 people and everyone seemed to enjoy themselves! The fantastic thing about this restaurant is it is bring your own wine/beer so we brought a healthy 19 bottles with a 12er of beer! For this evening I ordered the Calimari as an app followed by the Steak Frites (St Paul cut). I ordered it rare and it came out a bit more medium rare. Served with a nice mustard sauce with some nice crispy fries! Everyone in the group seemed satisfied with a full belly! A great evening!
5	This place rocked! We happen to get 100$ gift card between two of us, so we really splurged and tried everything! We got Onion rings, Calamari & shrimp to start. All great choices, the shrimp is a little smaller but the calamari made up for it, amazing! We then each got the Lobster Scallop main dish, (around 30$ plate), it was unbelievable. Served on too of a helping of veggies and unlimited fries and salad (as if we had room)! We brought our own bottles of wine in, which is such a cool thing about montreal, and took a cheesecake to go. It was huge, and so yummy! The service was very professional, not overly speedy but I understand that comes with fancier restaurants! Highly recommended!!
4	This was a good spot for old-fashioned steak and frites (French fries).  This is no frills and I liked that.  The only thing that was a surprise was the price point - it was pretty high for a place that came off as a bit casual. The service was good and attentive and I left a satisfied customer.Also, as a note, no wine, but they welcome bringing your own bottle.
5	We came here for our Valentine's dinner. This was an excellent choice.Service: 5/5The service was excellent. Our server was friendly and the rest of the wait staff cleared our table frequently, and brought out the food quickly. The flow of the meal was timed nicely. Food & Service 5/5:I loved the warm bread they served here, this and a touch of butter made this awesome. For apps we ordered the tuna, escargot, and calamari. I really enjoyed the tuna and the escargot. Tuna was flavoured nicely and cooked perfectly with a light sear. The cheese on the snails was amazing and had that great gooy texture of melted cheese. This paired really nicely with the warm bread. The calamari was ok, I've had better at other restaurants. I think that the batter was ok, but the calarmi itself a bit underdone. Ironically enough we didn't end up getting steak here. Instead I opted for the lamb shank. This was cooked perfectly until it was almost falling off the bone. The meat was tender and flavourful. It didn't have the strong lamb taste - that you can sometimes get when ordering lamb. The rosemary sauce on the lamb was delicious. I enjoyed the green beans, which were crunchy and give the dish a nice textural element. I also enjoyed the fries, which are the thin type and they weren't too oily and had nice crunch. My boyfriend ordered the lobster with scallops and asparagus. Everything was cooked perfectly. There was this amazing lobster sauce that accompanied his dish that was creamy and had a really nice subtle lobster taste to it. After all of this we decided that there was enough room to get dessert. We ordered the molten lava cake with vanilla ice-cream. This was baked perfectly with the soft centre in the middle. For the entire meal with apps, main, dessert with tax and tip it came up to about $100. This is a great place to bring that special someone, or to celebrate an event. For wine lovers, you can bring your own wine and they don't charge a corkage fee.Decor: 4/5The restaurant is fairly big and the dark wood, white table clothes, and black chalk board signs, give the place a clean yet elegant feel. It's a great spot for both a romantic dinner or if you want to celebrate something special.I'll be back again the next time I'm in Montreal.
1	Don't be fooled by their online menu.  Went in and realized that their tapas menu was missing key dinner items.  Left the restaurant after explaining to the waiter why we were doing so.  Waiter and manager gave us both unpleasant looks.
1	Came here for dinner the night before flying out of Montreal. Place seemed interesting enough. Ordered French onion soup and grilled salmon dish. Soup had too much cheese for my liking but that's just a personal preference; taste of it was alright though. The salmon was apparently fried on some cheap oil because it tasted just like it. So either they had a substitute chef or ran out of normal oil, it wasn't successful in sitting well with my stomach. Fries and beans on the side - meh. Maybe I should have ordered the steak since that's part of their restaurant name.
3	The decor was nice. The place is a BYO wine type of place so since we went in hungry and unaware we didn't feel like going to find a liquor store. Skip the tuna tataki. The bruschetta that comes with it completely overwhelms the delicate taste of the tuna. My parter ordered his steak rare and it came out overdone. I had the duck confit salad and it was very delicious just the right amount of tender and crispy. The service was also good. So overall it was ok. Nice but nothing special.
5	We had the time of our lives here. Granted, we were on vacation, so this review is through the rose-colored glasses of having nothing to do but whatever we want. First and foremost: this place is bring your own wine. This is not uncommon in Montreal, but that doesn't make it less awesome. No corking fee and they brought over a bucket of ice right away because we brought a white. It's a little pricey here, but so are many of the restaurants in this area of Montreal, and this was a great place to get classic steak-frites! The service was top-notch, polite and friendly but not at all overbearing, just there when you need them. The steak was really nice and flavorful and the frites were thin and crispy and they brought us more when we ran out! Quelle service! We also split a MASSIVE side of asparagus... maybe it's just that they were in season but they gave us a TON, and it was the best. But the cherry on top was the Profiteroles. We thought we were ordering the $4 tapas plate of them but turns out we ordered the full dessert. Normally I might be sad that I suddenly had to pay twice as much but these babies were so worth it. Generous hot rivers of chocolate sauce, puffy crisp pastry, cold vanilla ice cream... they were the height of desserty fantasy. Seriously, best I've ever had. Ever. Get them. Must. Would go back in a heartbeat!
4	The service at the restaurant was great, the food was also really good! To start off, I ordered the fried calamari and it was one of the best calamari I have ever had! There was a dill pickle sauce on the side that was really good as well. For the main, I ordered the steak frites with mushroom sauce. Let me tell you, I have no complaints about the food there at all. In addition, it is also a bring your own wine place! (which is always a bonus :)).
3	We ate her after the lunch hour and the restaurant was empty, so it was nice and quiet.We ordered:Calamari Frites: It was just okay, typical calamari. the sauce that comes with it that makes it even better.Rillette de Canard: It was just okay and I mean just okay. Bread was stale and rillette was small and nothing to it.Steak Frites: it was so good and the french green bean was so delicious and buttery. the frites was on point and steak was little too small, however it was good.Salmon Tartare: really good, highly recommended. a lot of good flavor on them.It was so close to the hotels, we were in a pinch. if we weren't that hungry, I probably went somewhere else.Service was good though!
4	Ideally located for  a business  lunch  downtown.  The food is good and the service is  quick...
