4	First off, it's a great looking bar which has a supreme location right in the heart of Old Town. We stopped by last night to meet a friend for drinks and to have a look around. This is the first bar in town (that I know of) with beer taps built right into the tables (Coors & XX). I will be back to sample the grub soon enough. Another excellent addition to Scottsdale's nightlife!
4	Had lunch here today and it was great. Decor is fun, love the clear plastic covers on the floral booths!  Lots of TV's around the bar which can be seen from just about everywhere in the club.We had chips and salsa to start.  We all agreed that the red (hot) salsa was the best, although they were all good.  For lunch we had Sonoran Dogs.  Very big and tasty!  Service was good too!  Looking forward to our next visit to try the tacos...
2	Atmosphere here is nice, live the Dia de Los Muertos theme they have going. Drinks are good, not much on draft but definitely a place where a majority of Scottsdale can get a taste of a variety of Mexican beer. The food, well the Duck tacos although good the menu should have read "Tapa's" or appetizer's $4 for 1 baby street taco. Not a good deal, not $4 worth either! If I go back ill make sure to eat somewhere else.
3	Went for lunch which I'm certain is a totally different experience than at night. The space is nice and has a very indoor/outdoor feel due to the large garage style doors. Service was fine and food was good. Not great but not bad. The descriptions on the menu were vastly different than what was actually served and we were surprised by that. The quesadillas were much more taco like than quesadilla like. The pollo torta had some sort of ground beef or chorizo or something on it which wasn't mentioned on the menu at all and the churros were not stuffed as described and didn't come with a side of ice cream as mentioned on the menu. I know this place is new and they're still probably trying to work out the kinks but really the menus should be reprinted to represent the food. It's also pretty pricey for what you get. I would go back for happy hour or something but don't think I'll be back for lunch.
5	This place is great for happy hour. $2 tacos, $5 32oz Coronas and Tecates and $5 margaritas. There tacos are delicious especially after a couple cervezas. They play great music, have good service and oh, did I mention a beer tap at your table? Not one of those tall things that pour 5 or 6 beers, and actual tap hooked up to a keg of Dos Equis and Coors light. I haven't stayed long enough to see this place morph into a night club, but it is worth checking out for happy hour anyday from 3-7PM.
2	We got an online coupon to try this place and went on a Sunday around 7pm for dinner. The decor is very cool-neat floral booths with plastic overlay, beer taps at the booths, amazing mural on the far right wall. We both enjoyed our margaritas, which for the size were fair on the $8 price tag. The food was tasty, but not original. We ordered the ceviche app (which we liked the best), the mushroom tacos and the house salad with shrimp. Although our waitress came back and informed us that they were out of shrimp so we opted to try it without as there aren't too many non-meat or fish options on the menu. The smashed plantains and pumpkin seeds were a nice touch in the salad, but it was lacking something special. I can see coming here for happy hour or for a fri/sat night drink. They had a DJ booth which was cool, but (and I may sound old for saying this) it was just too loud for a Sunday night dinner.
2	it's scottsdale, what did i expect. this newest "it" bar is just that...it's certainly popular. especially if you like threadbare designer t-shirts, fitted ball caps, perfectly "messy" hair, and big boobs. i have to give props to the decor....really like the wall art and the floral/dia dos los mucho gusto tengo hombre meuertes (or something like that) theme. and if it's eye candy you want, come here. not an ugly person in the whole joint. we were however, seated immediately, even at happy hour, but had to wait 10 minutes to get value on our living social coupon. i liked my margarita, but as a lightweight, i usually get buzzed after one, but i never felt that old familiar feeling. my lady on the other hand got the skinny margarita and it was mucho flaco on the tequila. good thing i was driving. when we were finally able to order, i got the mushroom street tacos and the ceviche dish. i have to say, my food was good. small, but good. we probably would've done better price wise to eat and drink on happy hour, but no matter. my lady had the salad....big disappointment. first off, they ran out of shrimp....shrimp? there's a Fry's less than 2 miles away. second, it was just lettuce (ehem, mixed greens), about 2 small handfulls, with a few corn kernels and 3 pieces of plantain....for 9 bucks! thank goodness for no shrimp...then it would've cost 12! you know at oreganos, you can get a salad for 9 bucks that could be eaten for 2 meals! el hefe's salad was more like an appetizer. and our waitress, bless her heart. absolutely gorgeous but didn't know how to pronounce ceviche.but what i just can't get over is the music....unbelievably loud. so loud in fact, i can just move my lips and pretend to talk and you would laugh and agree and nod your head because really, you'd have no idea what i was saying anyway. so it's not really a place for eating....more for clubbing. overall, i liked my food, not impressed with my lady's food, and would go back, but i'm too old for that loud stuff...i like to actually listen to my gal talk. and i don't own any ed hardy/cool fight gear/designer jeans/fancy shoes.
4	This is my favorite new bar in Scottsdale.  The wall art is awesome and the music is always right on for my "going out" mood.  It gets super packed so if you're planning on going on a Friday or Saturday night get there early so you don't have to fuss with the lines.  It's definitely a party hard or go home type of place so be ready to boogie down if you step foot in the door.
4	El Hefe was surprisingly busy for a Sunday at 4pm. I didn't expect to walk into a raging party but it was fun. The crowd was pretentious but entertaining. Almost every time I used the bathroom a few girls would walk out of the handicap stall. I wonder what they were doing in there? Happy hour just started when I showed up so I decided to try drinks I've never had before. My favorite was the loaded beer its a corona with a shot of citrus Bacardi. I love the decor here its very girly. I'll be back!
4	It's tucked away, but worth the search. The decor is very fun. The plastic covers on the booths are what you would expect to find in a Hispanic grandma's house. The chips and salsa are some of the best I've had. The first time we went, the hubs and I tried a bit of everything: nearly every taco and a torta. The most recent visit, we grabbed a taco and split a pork belly torta. If it's a first time, you gotta try the pork belly empanadas and chicken tinga. The table taps are really cool and, if I hadn't had my 3 mo old son with me, I would have had a beer. The only downside were the churros. The sauces were great and would have complimented the churros perfectly had the churros been cooked all the way through. I think the oil was too hot and crisped up the outside before the center was cooked. Even at that, definitely will return. Can't wait to try some nachos.
4	I have mixed feelings about El Hefe. I'm a huge fan of Dia de los Muertes so I'm instantly fan of their deccor and ambiance. It's 75% inside 25% patio with full exposure to the patio.Now my first experience was somewhat awful. It was late on a Saturday night and the place was packed like sardines. If you thought you were going to take a step to the patio for some fresh air, think again. You'd be lucky if you made it out there or found room to stand. I think I learned that night, you just can't bring a big crowd to this location on a 'busy' Scottsdale evening. Second experience was Happy Hour! I believe it's from 4-7 and they have a great happy hour menu for both men and women. I'm a bit partial to their Beer-goritas. , which is a 32 oz margarita and a coronita upside down in it! I love it, I think presentation sucked me in. Yea I'm a sucker.The tables with the taps on them seem pretty sweet, and made me think about possibly holding my bday party there but the seating is limited and the booths just arent that big. They have a lot of creative and unique margaritas to choose from and I definitely plan on making a few visits back but debateable on if this is a good birthday setting or not...
3	It was alright.  The drinks and food were pretty good.  The decor was a bit unusual; skate boards and graffiti type art.  Nothing wrong with it, just not exactly what I was expecting from a place called "El Hefe".  Anyway, in short, it is your typical Scottsdale bar, college students and cougars.  Not my normal scene, but fun if you want a good drink and do some people watching.
2	Keeping it short and sweet...good for drinking with your amigos. food is eh...Service was prompt and oh so friendly
2	My roommate and I were looking for a new place to try for dinner before a night out in Old Town.  We got to El Hefe at 8PM on a Saturday night.  We were quickly seated.  The music was so loud, we could hardly hear each other.  Typically a restaurant/bar doesn't bump up the music to that level until after 9 when more drinkers arrive.  We decided to try the Mexican Mule (being huge fans of the Moscow Mule).  We ordered chips and salsa as an appetizer.  I ordered the quesadilla for my meal and my roommate selected two carnitas tacos.  Our drinks arrived and the ginger beer in them was completely flat.  They were basically watered down tequila.  Undrinkable.  We asked if we could swap them out for something else.  The waitress complied.  As we waited for our replacement drinks, our main entrees came out.  Within 5 minutes, our chips and salsa arrived.  Another 10 minutes passed and finally our drinks arrived.  The delivery of the meal was a little backwards, but we were hungry.  The tacos were reported as "really good."  My quesadilla consisted of three mini corn tortillas stuffed with some chicken and cheese and folded in half.  Not what I was expecting, but they were OK.  Someone described it as the new Pink Taco.  I would say it's a cross between Pink Taco and American Junkie.  Will definitely return for some afternoon day drinking.
4	This is one of Scottsdale's new hot spots. If you like the 'Scottsdale' scene, this place is a must. Sunday the music goes off as Thomas James spins sic house beats and the bar serves up $2 tacos. On the weekends, it is still the hot new local spot so it is always busy. Fun place to go and usually there is great eye candy.
4	I finally went there to have a quick drink after a long week at the office. I walked in there and the decor was everything but traditional Mexican. I read some people comparing it to Dia De Los Muertos; somewhat a stretch, but it was cool nonetheless. The coolest feature I found was the beer tap on some of the tables, which gives me an idea of where to take my friends for a night of drunken debauchery. Anyways, I didn't get to eat that time since I already had dinner waiting for me at home,  but the tacos look like the ones I've had in Mexico and the guacamole looked like it is really supposed to look like. I decided to skip the beer tap and ordered a "Corona Familiar" , which is a 40 oz  bottle of Corona that until recently it was only sold in Mexico. Anyways, my grand total for my big ass beer bottle; paper bag and all, was $5.00. I will say that I will like to come back for HH, only this time I will make sure to order some duck tacos... Salud!
5	These guys have the tacos and nachos thing figured out. Great decor and hot, hot waitresses. We had lunch and it was pretty quiet. Good service. I'm sure things get crazy at night, though!
4	A friend and I stopped by this joint after having a few drinks at the W.  It's a short walk, couple of blocks, away.  It was the middle of the week around 9 pm and the place was half full....good crowd, decent vibe.  We saddled up to a table near the bar and close to the patio.  We ordered a couple of drinks and people watched for an hour or so.They serve a specialty Margarita here that's served in a large glass and a full Corona bottle turned upside down inside the glass, they call it a "Beer-garita".....it looks ridiculous.  Even more hilarious was the number of people who were walking around drinking this monstrosity....it reminds me of the tourists in Vegas who walk around with those giant tubes of Hurricanes or Margaritas....great people watching I tell ya!Our server was very attentive and made sure our glasses remained full.  The music was pretty good too....a DJ was playing house/dance music.  Overall, it was a fun time.Return Factor - 90%
5	Oh Hefe, my home away from home...I made a recent discovery of the amazuzing tacos here the other day and I'm kicking myself for not trying them sooner with as much as I'm here!  If you don't do anything else here, TRY THE TACOS!!!!  I had the Carne Asada and the Pork tacos and they were freaking delicious!  My friend ordered the chips and salsa which I know isn't really anything super special but the pico de gallo was very good as well, just in case you were wondering.If you're going to come on a weekend night it does get pretty crowded so I wouldn't recommend coming if you're claustrophobic but it's a fun atmosphere where you can meet a lot of interesting people and get some good drinks and tacos!
4	El Hefe has become my go to bar in Scottsdale because the atmosphere is fun and the drinks are cheap. I came here for happy hour on Saturday and decided to try a carne asada taco. I wasn't expecting much because I have low expectations for bar food. Inside the taco was carne asada, white cheese, and pickled cabbage. It was delicious! I also tried a strawberry margarita made with fresh strawberries and that was delicious as well. I was really impressed with the food here and I can't wait to try other items on the menu!
4	Good place to get drunk at. Haven't tried food. Looked like the menu was a little off the beaten path. But seems like everyone who ate there enjoyed it.
4	I've been here a few times, mostly to day drink and so far I haven't been disappointed.  The atmosphere is cool and the people that come and go are also pretty awesome.  The chips and salsa were fantastic and as an added bonus they serve them with three different types of salsa, so kudos for the variety.  If you're looking for a place to meet some pretty women, El Hefe on a Sunday is the place for it.  The Beergarita is also amazing so if you're trying to get buzzed quickly this is the drink for you.  Looks like I've found a new Sunday spot.
1	I'm NEVER coming here again!When I first came I was waiting in line forever while the security/bouncer let several people ahead of me. I didn't see them check anything off a list so they couldn't be VIP or anything like that.Then, I finally get in and the service just ISN'T there. I wait and wait and finally the bartender takes my order, and gives me a very weak drink! HELLO? I DIDN'T PAY $7 FOR A GLASS OF COCA COLA!! I ASKED FOR A JACK AND COKE!Don't believe the hype, this place sucks!Also El Hefe claims to have amazing tacos... I've had better tacos from a taco bus back home in Seattle, Washington.
4	Great place. Busy, loud, fun, modern. What a sweet place to hangout. Where can you get bottle service, of a keg of beer?  Yep, here is right. These guys spent some money to make this place first class. How about a stage above the bar idea.  Just creates a great vibe for everyone. Girls dressed for Vegas, to guys just looking to hang out. I will be back
1	And now I get to write my very first negative review. Much like with my first review, I thought for a bit about who I'd rant about first, and it had to be El Hefe.....so where to begin?When you're inside the atmosphere and ambience is about as welcoming as I'd imagine the inside of one of the breast implants of their servers would be (you know, large, inflated, empty, and possibly a little gooey). The one time I went I believe we waited about an hour from asking for our check, waiting for our waitress to figure out how to split it up as we asked, and then royally effing it up in the end anyway (yeah, I know that can be annoying, but if arithmetic isn't your strong suit, just tell us - it's not your fault that the blood isn't flowing to your brain at the correct speed because it was thwarted at the Hoover-like circulation dam that are your boobs....well actually that is your fault, but still we won't hold it against you). The tacos aren't good, the drinks are over-priced, it's full of your typical Scottsdale douchebags, whose unfortunate existence ensure that the type of waitresses that populate these types of bars continue to get hired, and its in the middle of a bunch of better options.Also, they should really spell Jefe right.
2	Got a message from the owner. I appreciate that at least - though it doesn't really change my view on my experience and my review still holds. To soften it though, I'll just say this place definitely isn't for me.
5	El Hefe is one of my favorite spots... whether it's a packed Saturday night or a laid back Tuesday evening. Either way, it's always a good time! Their churros are unreal. They are cooked to perfection and come with 3 different dipping sauces. Their tacos are bomb too! And let's talk about the drinks... the beer-garita is awesome. Margartia + Corona? Genius. And the fact that you can pour your own beer at the tables using taps is pretty kickass in my book too. Overall, my go to spot in Old Town!
4	Oh El Hefe... it has become one of our new spots to be at all the time.  Its not that the food or drinks are extraordinary but its just the place to be for the moment.  The atmosphere is a lot of fun.  The staff is really friendly and 80% of the time really attentive.  However, it is a very busy place at times so you gotta give them a break.  I've always had a great time here.  Beergaritas are a good deal.  Happy hour and sundayfundays are the best.
2	Mr. T dancing on the bar on weekends is fun to see. Dancing bar- not chill.  Techno, and some Latin music.  Avg priced drinks for old town.  The girls doing beer bongs for ppl on the bar- cool to see but It feels like a college flashback.  The crowd was rude, snobby. Very much felt like I was in a BIG FRAT HOUSE PARTY.  The bouncers were nice.  :)  If you want to avoid the LONG ass line, have a girl with you and ladies have your cleavage out and hair extensions in!
4	Fun cantina in Scottsdale. Good fun vibe close to Axis/Radius and within stumbling distance of The W. The service is attentive and friendly. The food looks yummy but I was too busy drinking. They have tables that have their own beer taps. Would love to get a group and try that out. The Beergarita (Coronita in a jumbo margarita) is a must try.
5	LOVE this place! The decor alone is so cool - kind of "Dia de los muertos" meets Compton, Cali! Love the metal bike and Virgen de Guadalupe at the door - nice touch! Margaritas are tasty and it's been wall-to-wall people every time I've been there. I will go back again. Oh and be sure to go back to the chalkboard - they have oodles of custom shots w/hilarious names. ;)
3	Such an interesting bar...so glad we stopped by before the crowd arrived.  We enjoyed a beer while the bartender told us what would be in store that night and over the weekend.  If you are young and single, probably a good place to hang out and get drunk.
4	In town for a networking event and decided to stop by for lunch. It wasnt really crowded which was nice but the bartender was cool and prompt with our drinks/food. I ended up ordering the chips with guacamole which I thought was really good and the 3 taco lunch special with beef cheek, duck, and al pastor tacos and I was a fan of all three. Like I said, it wasnt packed so I cant relate with others that have had issues but I would def go back again.
4	I've been meaning to check this place out, but its in Scottsdale and that's not usually where I go out. Last night we ended up here after going to a couple other bars in Oldtown.It was pretty packed and we had to wait outside for like 10 minutes before they let us in but it was worth it.The first thing we noticed when we walked in was Steve Nash chilling with some guys. I wouldn't have expected him at a place like this but it was really cool. They also had Mr. T upstairs dancing with a bunch of women.Drinks are cheap. We got a couple mixed drinks and a couple beers for $14. Bartenders are cute and friendly from what I saw.They had two girls up on the bar with a beer bong and I thought that was awesome. I didn't participate, but it was fun watching other people do it.We got there kind of late, so it ended up clearing out a little bit and we were able to get our grove on. The whole vibe of the place was just really cool. I ended up having a blast here and I'm definitely planning on going back next weekend!
3	I would have given higher rating if based on food and drinks only, however I had a bad experience being overcharged on my credit card. I called and my message was never returned. Its annoying to have to resolve their mistake when you have a busy schedule. So to me, questionable service and management put a big damper on my experience.Tip-try the duck taco Tip- try the beer-garitaTip- cool beer tap right in the tables!
2	I went here about a month ago and it was not a good experience. I went on a saturday night with a group of about 6 girls. We wanted to get some drinks, but we were unable to because the place was so crowded, which is why I gave it two stars instead of one (don't know how good the drinks may be). In the 20 minutes we were there I was hit in the head with a belt buckle (someone was swinging it.... really?!?!), my foot was stomped on, and a beer was poured on me. Not my kind of place at all. I would never come back, sorry guys.
4	Recently checked this place out. Got there early, thank goodness because after 630, the place turns into a seriously overcrowded, hot room, of typical "Scottsdale" barbie dolls. That aside, I must say this:GREAT SERVICE! GREAT FOOD! GREAT MARAGARITAS! and an awesome staff who were very attentive and personable! We tried a lot of things on their menu, but I must say the maragarita with the jalapenos was my favorite margarita. It was so fresh and tangy. The taqueria style street tacos were killer!!! two words Beef Cheek! I definitely recommend them. The Duck were awesome too. The Carne Asada torta was killer good as well. just really big! My hubby and I split everything and were there from about 5pm until 8 or so and it was a good time. Fun people watching as well. Next time we go, and we will return, we want to rent a table with the tap attached and bring a ton of friends. Worth the time to travel there, find it, and enjoy the atmosphere. its definitely a  fun vibe!
4	great happy hour prices. tacos are some of the best in Scottsdale. reminds me of the street vendors in cabo and rocky point.  great presentation on the trays. the tappers on the table are a nice touch.  younger crowd with attractive waitresses.  nice open air restaurant, close to the W hotel.tacos and all the different salsas that come with the chips were fantastic.
4	Went here with some friends for some drinks & gub on a Saturday afternoon. I like the layout of the place - and we were even able to watch some college football which was a nice bonus.For food we ordered some tacos - chicken, beef & duck carnitas. DELICIOUS! In fact we had to order more because the hubs at mine and I wasn't about to miss out on any of the goodness.Also, they DO sell boxes of wine for $30... so of course we ordered one. Other than the horrific hangover the next day, it was definitely a great time. I haven't been at night, seeing as how I'm old and can barely stay awake past 10pm, but I've heard from friends that it's a good time. Maybe one crazy night I'll stay out late enough to give it a shot...
4	I was here watching the Cardinals Texas 6th Game of the world series.  Great evening of good food and unique margaritas.  Was there the Saturday afternoon before Halloween, just more of the same.  The tacos were great and the margaritas are fairly light so great for the afternoon.  The service was great even in a fairly busy environment.  The beer taps on the table were a favorite of the males around while the late not music kept the place rocking.
2	El Hefe - Macho Taqueria. Man...At first glance it looks like every stereotype you've ever heard about Scottsdale. At second glance you realize that it is, indeed, every stereotype you've heard about Scottsdale. It's a "Mexican Restaurant", so when I was there I tried a few of their tacos that were on happy hour. I'm giving two stars because the duck taco that I had was pretty good, but once the food got to the table it took me 4 minutes to figure out which tacos were mine because of the way they present the food. More on this later. El Hefe has a cool in-table tap system, where you pay at the table and can pour your own beer. When I saw this I liked it a lot, though they only offer two beers, and it's not cheap. After the "cool" factor wears off, you realize that you're paying extra to pour your own beer. Not so cool. The upside is the fact that I get beers for myself much faster than the servers at El Hefe did for me. The booth seats are covered in plastic, in the style of your great grandmother. This is assuming, of course, that your great grandmother commissioned Ed Hardy to design her living room group. The ambiance isn't my style, but I'm sure that a lot of people love it...The biggest issue I had is the way the food is brought to the table. They start you with chips and salsa. It seems hard to screw up chips and salsa, but it happened here. The salsa comes in small jars that are downright weird, and they make dipping your chip absolutely impossible. You need to be a salsa MacGyver to figure out how to get the right amount of salsa on your chip...It's strange. After pushing some salsa around with a chip on a small plate for a while, our food arrived. Apparently, when you order tacos, they come 5-6 at a time, placed on wooden slabs that are roughly the size of a Las Vegas buffet. Our server couldn't remember who's tacos were who's, so we played a game of musical tacos (and wooden slabs) until we all figured out what we'd ordered. When a group of 4-5 orders 10+ tacos, you end up with 2-3 giant wooden slabs on your table and a very confusing family style presentation. Like I said before, the duck taco I had was pretty good, and I hear good things about the BeerRita. However, unless I'm dragged against my will by a large group of people, I don't see myself returning to El Hefe anytime soon.
4	My brother recommended that I try this place and I was a little skeptical based on the website alone. I thought it was a club or something. I went anyway and was soooo glad I did. The food is so damn good. I still think about it all the time! LOL! Why not 5 stars? It's so loud in there that you have to scream to have a conversation. It's a great place to watch the game and to hang out. Perhaps the outside seating area is a little quieter. Definitely give this place a try; you won't be disappointed.
2	This place is like dirty Mexico in the middle of Scottsdale. Not a fan.
3	Was referred to this bar because it hosts UofA watch parties for football games. Place was pretty busy because of Halloween weekend. Layout is nice/unique, but it was pretty cold inside.Television set up was adequate: a UFC fight was on the same night so they split the tv's between the fight and the game. They don't have televisions set up everywhere like a sports bar (if that matters to you), but it got the job done.Me and my buddy ordered some nachos with steak (I'd recommend splitting if you order it) and it was pretty good. Then tried the carne asada and duck tacos: i'd give the slight edge in flavor to the duck taco. All the tacos are pretty small FYI.Service was also OK, waitress was pretty nice. I'd probably go here again.
3	Went here to use a local dines coupon, otherwise I don't think we would have ever gone here.Greeted by a friendly person, who sat us in a booth (first lead us to a table and I saw the taps at the booths and wanted to try that!!).  Small place with everything opened up to the patio, the weather was perfect.Very good service from our waitress, with a good explanation of the taps, happy hour, and menu.  Speaking of the menu, it is a short menu that is somewhat hard to read.  We could tell we were going to be hard pressed to spend the $30 worth of coupon we had!!  I ordered a salad (very large) and mushroom taco (very small).  It all filled me up and tasted great.  Hubby ordered chicken torte aka sandwich which was good and spicy enough.This is definitely a hip place for young folks!  We were there early but were warned they expected a huge crowd (Thanksgiving Eve) later on.  We enjoyed pouring our own beers (happy hour prices are very good!), however when the bill came, our waitress had failed to charge us for the beers!  We had to get her attention again and have her ring up the proper amount (which turned out be under $2 a beer!)  Of course using a coupon we tipped according to the full price, and we were very satisfied with the service.The biggest drawback for me was..............smoking is allowed out on the patio and the place is small, so we had to smell this during our meal and I am allergic to smoke!!  Plus the music was very loud and we couldn't converse much.  However it was a fun experience and different.  We left still feeling like we didn't get our Mexican food fix.
3	Pretty good. I would prefer to give it 3.5 stars though. I've been here enough to know that I like it overall. The tacos are fine, nothing special, but then again I wasn't expecting anything special. The drinks are of average price and decently strong. I've only been here on Fridays and Saturdays, both nights the DJ tends to spin pretty good music. It's VERY crowded during peak hours and the line can get somewhat long. More than once I've been overlooked at the bar and that's annoying. The bartenders do seem to be doing their best though during busy times. I know damn well one of their door guys recognizes me (my tattoo is very recognizable) and he got snippy with me when he was checking my ID and I had my sleeveless hoodie on during a rainy night. Policy I'm sure, but c'mon dude, I've given you a enough of my business for a better attitude.Also, you should befriend the head of security, Corell. He's a super duper nice guy but will fuck you up if you mouth off!
4	Great $5 happy hour margaritas! Also the tacos were very tasty. Will for sure be back
4	Favorite place on a Friday or Saturday night or Sunday Funday!! Always so much fun, packed and full of dancing people. Strong cheap drinks! Home of the beergarita!They always have my favorite DJs that mix top 40 with house!
3	If I could give El Hefe 3.5 stars I would. This bar seems to be one of those places where you can expect a certain type of crowd. It's like a middle ground between The Lodge and Dos Gringos. On a regular Friday or Saturday night El Hefe is a good place to get a quick drink or to just hang out. There always seems to be somewhere you can sit down or hang out at this place, unlike some other bars. I also went here on NYE and it was very fun. Paid a cover charge and then drinks were a penny all night. The vibe of the bar is half undergrad Spring Break, half an episode of Miami Ink. However, the service is good and the drinks are strong. Don't let the D-bag outer layer deter you for giving El Hefe a shot. I have yet to try the food, but I am doubtful with all of the options in Old Town I would ever choose to come to El Hefe for their food.
4	Best sunday funday spot ever!!
3	Way too crowded. Could've been fun otherwise I guess.
4	Went in the afternoon when it was slower - great tacos and the beergarita was very good. Great atmosphere!
5	3rd time here for lunch and every time I am blown away.  They put a spin on Mexican food that just flat out works.  This is not what I would think of as a lunch place, but wow.  The food is flat out great!  I mean award winning good.  The service is outstanding.  I only had water last time and I think there was only one that my cup was half full.  By the way, the water there taste good, I have not Idea how, but it does.The are very accommodating to special requests and to large groups.  I have yet to use the beer taps they have on their table, but that seem like an obvious win.I would put this in my top 10 places to eat lunch, and that is saying a lot.
5	LOVE IT! Great happy hour... great atmosphere... and great service!  Only been hereonce but loved it and am planning on doing my birthday here forsure!
5	I was here for a happy hour event and especially liked the tacos and the friendly service.  Have you ever had duck tacos?  Neither had I until I tried them at EH.  Very tasty and a nice change from the usual taco choices.  The nachos were great as well and the three dollar Dos Equis' on tap was the perfect libation.
1	Really sub-par electronic music. Great for scoring 'roids. Perfect if you like vodka/redbull and hitting your girlfriend.
5	If you want to have a yummy drinks and food stop by anytime.  The bulldog beer-garitas are giant and delicious.  The pork tacos are my favorite but you can never go wrong with carne or chicken.  If you've never tried duck tacos, try them here.  If you want to party make sure you come by Friday night, Saturday night, or Sunday day. Make sure you put your party pants on cause you'll need em.  It gets wild and crazy.  WIth bottomless mimosa's on the weekends & great brunch specials you'll be glad you came.  It's always super crowded but the DJ keeps everyone moving.Highly recommended.
3	Meh. I was eager to check out this venue simply because my friends used to tell me amazing anecdotes about this place when it first opened. I finally had the opportunity to go there, and I have firmly decided this is not my cup of tea. I have not tried any of the food here so I can't give you a honest review about the whole experience, other than what I experienced as a pseudo alcoholic. Hmmm...where do I begin? Ah, yes. Let's discuss the clientele. Before I proceed, I am throwing a little disclaimer out there so I won't step on any feelings...I have a tendency to utilize the word "douchebag" a lot. It's a part of my daily vocabulary. Honestly, can you blame me? I live within close proximity of the watering hole of these aforementioned creatures that seem to spawn at an alarming rate. So, if you are easily offended, you may want to gloss over my review and make the more favorable ones your focal point. The bartenders, from what I can recall, were not very prompt in answering drink orders. I remember waiting around, locking eyes with the bartenders and feeling slightly pathetic. My heart isn't pitter pattering over your Adonis-like looks, Mr. Bartender. I am in need of a beverage to quench my thirst, and it would please me greatly if you could ask me what my little heart desires. The place is also quite small, and for anyone that easily gets claustrophobic, it may present a huge problem. It gets packed during the weekends, and you will be the victim of numerous foot steppers. By the end of the night, you can boast to your friends about your battle wounds. Granted, as with any bar/club, it is a common occurrence. All in all, this place is something I can take in doses. I have heard from numerous friends that the happy hour is decent, so perhaps I will harbor no ill feelings and check it out at a decent hour. Like a moth to a flame, I find myself strangely drawn to this place. I may not like it very much, but we always stop there. It just might be one of those mysteries of life that will go unanswered for generations to come.
2	This place...just wasn't for me.  The company I work for took us on a mini-retreat to Scottsdale for a weekend, and a crew of us made our way over to El Hefe.  And...it was just....how do I put this nicely?Just not the Midwest.  All the women with fake tans, fake boobs spilling out of tanks, faux sexy hipsters mixed Men wearing tight Ed Hardy's with overly gelled hair & possible steriod use?  Just not my thing.And it wasn't just the crowd of people there.  I ordered two gin & tonics (same gin) and they tasted VASTLY different.  On top of that, there were the overly surly cocktailers who seemed to be pissed off that people were there drinking.  I mean, I get that you want to finish your side-work and get home, but when a bar is open (and it's not even midnight), you can't get pissed off at your customers for putting down a drink on a table in an open section.My favorite part of the night?  Leaving.  Sorry Boss.
5	Went there last night and it was so much fun! For a Friday night at 12am the bar gets very busy and somewhat loud. The bartenders were very fast at getting my drinks and the bartender "Brittany" was very nice and had a big smile the whole time. I normally don't like bars like this because it is Not my sene , but this bar was actually fun and a must go back! Thanks.
2	The only plus to this place was that the bartenders are on their game, otherwise leave it for the Jersey Shore wannabes and slooters that get turned on by extra extra medium Tap Out t-shirts.
4	WOW.. I did not know this was such as PARTY. We had planned to eat there and arrived on a Saturday at 5pm. It was PACKED, definitely did not look like dinner was going to be a pleasant experience, and PS. I was not on that level, quite yet. We ate at Majerles (it was ok, review to follow). Afterwards we came back to Hefe for an after dinner drink. It was a good party. The bar was super busy, and I had one of those moments where I felt like the bartender wouldn't serve me because I was a lady. LOL. Don't you hate that, ladies? Anyhow, we got our drinks, and we had a few. We watched the fight on the TVs and danced, as the music was pretty GOOD! it was packed though and you had to fight through the crowds to move around. But, still it was a really fun place with good energy and if you're trying to party.. than PARTY!
3	So I seem to have a love-hate relationship with this place. At times I love it and at times I hate. Lately it's been the latter of the two unfortunately. Going here for food wasn't bad. In fact, it was delish, but going here and experiencing the night life has not been awesome as it once was. While it is in part due to the people that go here - a bunch of douchey guys and the girls that go with them (it is Old Town) - I can deal with them cause mixed in there are some cool people. What I can't deal with are some of the people working there, starting with the door guys who seem to relish the power and enjoy letting people know it. And if they weren't bad enough, let's get into the bartenders. I've known some bartenders and I did the whole bar tending thing and no where in all that I learned and know, did they mention giving people crap service. I get it, you're busy and you get slammed, but you get through it and they should want to take and make as many drinks as they can rather than being all selective and choosing certain people over others. I'm sorry, I don't want to swoon over the bartenders, I just want my drink. And, when they finally decide to deign me with their presence and place my order, they get it wrong. And trying to flag them back over after they hand you your bill to point out the mistake wasn't even worth trying since trying to get their attention the first time too a bit of work. The servers were all right; haven't had anyone exceptional to rave or rant about. The music is usually pretty awesome. And as I've said, there are some pretty awesome people worth going back for, as well as their food. I do enjoy their happy hour menu.I just know that before going to El Hefe, I need to start out somewhere else if I want a drink and then head over, as is the usual plan when we go out.
5	My favorite bar to go to in Old town!! If you are looking for a crowd and a great place to spend your "Sunday Funday" This is without a doubt the place to go! Also a great "beergarita"
5	Best food and most fun I have ever had at a bar.   Keep up the great work!
3	I wasn't expecting a ton from the food at El Hefe, a newish Old Town Scottsdale spot serving up Mexican eats. I figured the bar, which turns into a hopping nightlife destination on weekend nights, would be more notable for its drinks than its cuisine, and I was right.Not that the place doesn't look hella cool. It had lots of hot pink accents, including pink lighting and pink walls, which I loved even though it sort of reminded me of the now-closed Pink Taco.I also thought the art-covered skateboards covering up the walls were neat, as well as the giant drawings of a Mexican wrestler and a Dia de Los Muertos-like skull adorning one of the walls.Don't go there just to dine, though. While there were lots of televisions broadcasting sports, and the margaritas were impressive, I was left wanting a lot more with the food. It was too bad the $8 house margarita, at a whopping 20 ounces, couldn't set the standard for the meal, since that drink was such as killer deal.The chips and salsa weren't too bad. The chips were nothing to shout about, but I liked that they were served on a cute cutting board spread along with three different types of salsa-chunky and mild, green and a spicy red. I did like the salsas, although I would have preferred the chips were a little thinner. They were only $3, though, which was pretty cheap, although most places would serve them up for free.My friend and I tried a couple of the Grilled Mushroom Calabacitas tacos ($3 each). They were filled with lots of veggies, including zucchini and onions, but they were bland and sort of awkward to pick up and hold because the tortillas were tiny compared to the filling. Add a ton of salsa to them to give them a little kick.We also each had a cheese quesadilla ($7 each). The quesadilla was pitifully tiny, and it was served on wax paper, which caused all the melted cheese to get stuck. These were one of the biggest rip-offs I've had, and the presentation was very bare bones, despite the addition of unappetizing pickled baby carrots and a drizzling of goat cheese creme.There were a couple other things to note about the visit-the napkins at El Hefe seemed to be coming apart and left white threads all over my friend's and my jeans-not cool if you're planning on going clubbing in Old Town later. The bartender checked his cell phone more than he checked on us-clearly, we weren't his first priority. And the menu was really difficult to read, with backwards letters and all-caps. I know that's a weird thing to notice, but just looking at it gave me a headache.All that said, skip El Hefe for dinner, and head to the cute and trendy spot for happy hour every day from 3-7 p.m., when those giant margaritas are only $5. Enjoy the ambiance while you drink, and go to here, here, or here in Old Town for dinner instead.UPDATE: Justin, the director, reached out to me about my review, which I think is very classy and shows that he values customer service. I'm going to try out their dining options again, for sure.
2	It's not a sprots bar. It's a night club.
4	I really like to hate on this place. It's so easy (cue Staples Easy Button) - it's douchebag central. Ladies, if you want to find a roided out meathead, bro-tank wearing, Scottsdale doucher fist pumping the night away, you've come to the right place. Fellas, if you're looking for two-bit skank with hooha's hanging out of her child-sized wifebeater, you're in for a treat. So why the 4 stars? Because, when you're blacked out, this place is fun. Not gonna lie. It's the type of place you go to when you're already 5 shots deep and you're just lookin for trouble. I, personally, am a fan of house music so I love the loud, in-your-face music blaring overhead. Some people can't stand house, so preeettttyyyy sure this ain't the spot for them. Those of you looking for a mellow spot to sip on a marg should probs walk over to Cien Agave and relax there. But those of you looking to make some bad life decisions and who might want to make out with strangers should def head to good ol' Hefe. If it's not absurdly busy with people stomping on your feet with their 8 inch hooker wedges, def get a bulldog margarita. It's delish and can def help kick start your buzz. Proceed with caution friends.
1	DO NOT BUY BOTTLE SERVICE HERE.... We called ahead and reserved a table.  They told us the table was 1 bottle minimum .  We usually get 1 bottle of grey goose and then just order drinks and shots from our server (spending just as much as a bottle).  Server was pouring EXTRA drinks without putting mixer in them and leaving them on the side of the table. Then I noticed her take one of them away as if it was an empty. Our server was also pouring very heavy, I don't usually mind and understand the server wants the bottle to finish quicker so we buy more. Once the bottle ran out the server told us we needed to buy another one. We said we would rather just run up a tab and buy shots, mixed drinks, etc etc.  (there was 8 of us and we would have easily ran up more money than a bottle in the same time frame of drinking a bottle).  THE SERVER TOLD US TO GET OFF THE TABLE SINCE WE ARE NOT BUYING ANOTHER BOTTLE....  This has never happened at Revolver, Smashbox, Firehouse, Axis, or American Junkie.. We said we would be running up an equal amount, she said the only way she would allow us to stay is if each of us racked up a $200 tab. Cliffs:Server was constanting pouring extra drinks and leaving them around our table.Server booted us from table for not buying another bottle even though we were willing to run up higher $$ tab.
4	The food here was pretty good the service was awesome had a server by the name of Christina that was on point with her service. Would definitely go back to the place just due to the service.
3	I mostly go here for Sunday Funday or on weekend nights and have a good time. It gets busy and trying to get a drink can be vexing at times, but that comes with the territory. Most of the time I have a pleasant experience. But, the last time I came in, I did not enjoy myself nearly as much. I came in with three friends, and they did not have any tables inside, so we decided to sit on their patio which was very hot (not their fault, damn this weather).At first we tried to track down a server, but were unable to, so we ordered drinks from the bar. This took a very long time, and the bartenders seemed more interested in talking to each other than serving patrons. It was relatively busy, but waiting fifteen minutes is a bit much to ask.Finally, once we got our drinks we grabbed a couple menus and were finally able to track down a server. It seemed like she was the only server for the entire restaurant. We ordered our food and it came out in around 20-25 minutes. The food was pretty good, but when my girlfriend asked for her tab she was given the wrong credit card. It then took another fifteen minutes to track down the server again, and she gave her the right credit card back. She wasn't exactly friendly.I'll be back because I like this place, just not to sit down and eat.4 stars at night1.5 stars for lunch
3	this place is packed, drink lines are long but cheaper compared to others, its loud, and dancers are hot its a great place to go when your about 5 drinks in if your sober you will probably walk right on out but overall a pretty cool place.
5	Fun for Friday and Saturday nights. Also great on Sunday afternoon. Only one problem is that the line for guys is extremely long and unless you go early enough so you don't have to wait, that's the only way you're getting in.. Well that's unless you're a good looking woman then you're always getting in.. Great place though!!
3	This place is cool but it gets PACKED during the weekends so get there early. Its a small place. We sometimes come here when they have the UFC fights, which is no cover which is a plus. Their beergaritas are great and so are there tacos. But we usually leave after the fights since you barely have room to breath.
2	We have been going to this bar for every Sunday football game this year and it's a love hate experience.  I truly believe the next time will be better and it usually isn't.  The service is really slow, the bartenders rather talk to one another over their customers.  I still don't know what the bartenders names are after several games.  On the flip side the food is pretty good and the Micheladas are delicious.  The outdoor patio area is dirty with sun rotted funiture - c'mon put some new material on the corner sectional at least....  I will continue to suffer through and enjoy my place to complain about for this season at least.  Enjoy and say hi to ..... oh wait that's right I don't know their names.... LOL
4	Stopped by for a quick bite to watch the baseball playoffs and had a really good meal at the same time.  The Chicken Tinga Taco with Jicama and Mango Salsa was awesome.  The Carne Asada Taco with pickled radish and salsa fresca was also very good.  My only suggestion is to make them bigger, since they are so good.  Also had the chips with 3 types of salsa that was bottomless.  Service was excellent.  I'll definitely be back and based on the vibe, I need to check-out happy hour, since I bet this place is rockin'.
4	This place is pretty awesome. We started our night here on my 21st a few months ago, and were here last weekend for my friend's birthday, which we had a table. Our server was really on point, she had bottles waiting for us once we finished the one we had. She was pouring heavy, but didn't mind when we started making our own, she had mixers restocked as fast as we ran out. This place is effinggg loud. The bar girls blow whistles along with the music. This was really annoying at first, but hey, when you're drunk and fist pumping, honey badger don't care. It's a blast. As long as you are sloppy drunk and falling over, they don't care if you dance on the platforms between the booths. Everyone is just there to have a good time.
2	I love this place but it is best to go here when your planning on getting trashed.  If your going here sober & staying sober you will be highly annoyed.  NEVER sit in the blonde hair'd bartenders area.  This guy is the WORST bartender I have ever encountered.  He moves at his own slow pace, he is never friendly, takes forever to help, & is just an all around terrible bartender.  One time there I stood at the bar a half hour waiting for him to ask me what i'd like, in that half hour I watched him help multiple people twice before getting around to me, even stopped & picked up his phone to text before coming over to ask what i'd like to drink.  When I confronted him about it he denied texting & I told him I was standing there watching him.  Yesterday I was there sitting at the bar when it was slow & after a half hour of waiting for him to ask what i'd like I stopped a waitress to get service.  When your sitting at a bar you should never have to get a server to help you.  Bartender should be on point.  When I asked him to close out my tab it took him 25 minutes.  Besides this guy the place is really fun.  The chicken tacos are amazing, eat them everytime I go here & the chiros are pretty awesome as well.  Good tv's for watching football & always really hot women.  But like I said, only go there if your getting trashed & avoid that bartender!
1	We had a group of 13 of us today for a birthday/football get together .. Let me tell you that this place SUCKS We never even made it thru the door and this goon of a door man was looking at us Geez dude it's Sunday football and it's ScottsdaleWe were dressed appropriately . Bottom line isThis place SUCKS way better places in ScottsdaleThen this doucher don't waste your money here
5	Went for dancing and drinks on Saturday night and had an absolute blast!  Girls dancing on the bar pouring tequila into waiting mouths... YAY!  A bar that knows how to party right!
1	Took the wife here for happy hour and could not believe the amount of fruit flies surrounding the inside of the restaurant. They were everywhere it kinda made me feel like I was in a dirty ass bar in Mexico.  When I asked the waitress she told me, " it is very normal for a bar to have these  fruit flies." Uhhhhh no not really.  My drink did taste good but swatting flies while drink kinda sucks.  Lets clean this place up.
4	Although it's extremely loud the place is really cool and has tasty food and drinks. I really like the decor and the feel of the inside and the marketing. They have happy hour from 3-7 every day with $2 tacos and 3$ Dos XX as well as $5 specialty margaritas. Tons of TV's and a nice patio in the heart of Old Town Scottsdale. The bartender was great and very quick. All of the tacos I tried were very good. I will go back and try more items again. P.S. LOVE the fake mustaches they provide free of charge. Mucho funo.
4	This place is always a shit-show but so entertaining. Good dj's, good drinks, and the bartenders know what they're doing and are friendly. I hear they have food too...
5	We tried the Hefe Dog, Hamburguesa, Chicken Taco and Carne Taco at Barrett Jackson. The food was great and the girls were awesome.
4	Holy cow this bar is out of control. People come here to party like it's their last day on earth! I like to bring people here from out of town. They're always amused with the beergaritas and shocked that people like to party like it's 1999 on Sundays. I love El Hefe because they have a great happy hour but I can only handle this bar in small doses. I'm not a fan of not being able to walk without my drink spilling and getting bumped by random bitches with big purses.
1	After a crappy visit here the manager contacted me to invite me back and send me a gift card. I am still looking for my gift card 3 months later. I tried to email the manager with no response what a shitty establishment!
4	I've only been here for Happy Hour, so I can't talk about the crazy party atmosphere, which I've heard really good things about.  The service was great when I was there, as were the food and drinks.  Really nice patio to enjoy a relaxing evening with friends.
2	Again with the hype for Old Town bars... Yet another friend said, "You have to try ABC Bar", this time being El Hefe. Yet another bar failed to live up to the recommendation.(Though in retrospect, her recommendation was probably due to her running into the same old man who liked to buy all her drinks every time... should have taken that into account).Strike 1: So loud I can't hear myself. Literally engaging my diaphragm and voice projection training just to make myself heard to my friends and the waitresess.Strike 2: The tacos are not that great. They have duck, which is the only really saving grace about them, but they're like $5 for this little tiny,1/4 of a tortilla sized taco. They tasted pretty boring to me.Strike 3: I had to hunt down my waitress. I mean, I walked around for 10 minutes looking for her to cash out, and this place is SMALL. I was very tempted to walk out on the tab just due to the crappy service..Strike 4: We got water dumped on us due to the awnings outside. The manager sent us a round of shots, and he wasn't fooling anybody, they were pure grapefruit juice. Gee, thanks for filling my Vitamin C requirement...?Oh snap, 4 strikes and you are definitely out of the park for good, El Hefe.
4	I went there for the first time on Saturday afternoon just by chance. It wasn't busy (yet - but started to fill up for the UFC fights later that night) and I sat at the bar. The waitress and bartender were both friendly and attentive. I tried the beef cheek taco, the pork taco and the duck taco with flour tortillas and enjoyed all three immensely. With a Dr. Pepper, my total bill was $12, and I was perfectly full and content. I didn't realize this place has a reputation as a "party" bar but I can see, with all the TVs around the bar, it probably gets nuts on sports nights. But if you just want to go and have some really tasty and affordable gourmet tacos, I recommend going for lunch or an early dinner and avoiding the crowds.
4	Courtesy of Kevin B.El Jefe is a great place to hang out with the boys during the World Champion San Francisco Giants Spring Training.    It is a stone's throw away from Scottsdale Stadium and the place has a fine selection of beers and margaritas.  El Hefe would be a 5 star in my book if they served more Budweiser products, but it is what it is.  I will definitely come back with Cella when she is invited to spring training.  Thanks El Hefe!
4	Great drinks, tasty food, good atmosphere, fun servers (easy on the eyes too), and sweet indoor/outdoor feel.  I'd go again next time I'm in town.
5	Although el hefe is known as a "bar" or a place to "sunday funday," they should also be recognized for their AMAZING taco tuesday. They have $2 tacos that are a fairly good size and absolutely delicious! I love this place! Also, be sure to ask for the bartender Sean. He is the best!!!!
4	Out of control.  There is no other way to describe it.  If you're in a serious mood to dance, party, fist pump, and make questionable decisions then this is the place to be!  Especially on Sundays!  All of my experience here has been during Spring Training so I guess it was a little more out of control than usual, but I'd like to experience this place when it is less of a sh*t show.
1	Bring a pair of ear plugs or two.  I was deaf for like 10 minutes after coming out of this place.  Still don't know what all the hypes are about this place seeing there are always a line waiting to get it every Fridays and Saturdays.  The interior space is very small and you can't really dance with anyone in your group.  I'll be staying away from this place for a while before returning there again.
1	if you want douches and crap service then El Hefe is your spot. Two years ago this was a rotation nightout spot for friends and I, so, I never had the chance to try out the place during early evening hours for food and drink. Fast forward to recently, seeing that Hi-Fi Kitchen across the street was ridic crowded compared to not as busy El Hefe, a friend and I decided to stop by for a drink and a snack. Upon entering we were told by one of the server/hostess girls to pick a table or sit at the bar. We both wanted to sit outside but saw all their high tops were taken and reluctantly sat at the bar. After a few mins, while waiting to order drinks, a table emptied out, and we snatched it up and this is where they get a one star. Personally they do a good job as a bar in old town during the weekends, they play okayish dance music, it's loud, it's happening, it's relevant. They have the douches out to play and they keep the nighttime masses liquored up BUT that's it. Service wise they fail miserably. As we sat at our table, we waited, and waited, and waited so more. There was a server who went by us to attempt to clean up (attempt because she didn't do much) another vacated table, she passed us yet again to check on another table, and passed us yet again just walking by. She could clearly see that we were sitting there with two menus, looking at it, and now bored looking at our phones, and not ONCE did she take the courtesy to stop by and offer a drink order or water. NOTHING. Let me add, it's a bit disconcerting as a customer when you hear the bar staff express concern that Hi-Fi seems really busy across the street while they talk about their lack of business on their side. With servers that do not provide service I can see why you ought to be worried. I'm a patient person, and I give props to good service where due but our last straw occurred when a group of girls (six in all) showed up, walked in a grabbed a table behind us on the patio, and lo behold, the SAME SERVER, walks up and assists them, hands out menus, and turns around and ignores us yet again. WTF?!? We got up, we walked out. I saw the manager and felt the need to express my disgust at what I witnessed, maybe I didn't express myself clearly but he didn't seem to care much either. We walked out.
1	After about 6 Sunday football games they discontinued their Football program where each week if you go you get free things, leading up to a Free Happy Hour with up to 20 friends.  3 of us were dedicated and going every Sunday dropping $50 to $100 bux each time, while suffering through HORRIBLE service, dirty conditions, a management that could give a shit less.  They obviously are focused on the night life crowds and not the daytime.  They old us on either the 6th or 7th visit when we whipped our cards out  and it was time for a free T-Shirt the bartender said "we quit doing those" and then the manager came over.  He promised that he would figure out something for us since we were loyal customer for the past weeks, he did pick up our drinks (1 each) and if I didn't have anywhere to be later that day I would have sat and drank all day on his tab.  None of us have ever heard back from anyone at El Hefe, let alone from JUSTIN (the manager) who promised us he would get back to us.  I will NEVER EVER step foot in this bar again.  Save yourself time and walk down to Majerie's, you won't regret it.
5	Oh El Hefe, just about my favorite bar of all time. This place is like half bar half club and it's awesome, I've never seen anything like it (the closest thing I've ever seen to it would be Coyote Ugly). There are literally gorgeous girls dancing on the bar pouring tequila in people's mouths, it's insanity. All the bartenders/servers are basically supermodels too. They have pretty good food too but sometimes the service takes a little longer (sometimes supermodels aren't the sharpest). But seriously this place is awesome for a night out or even great for happy hour and they have good music! When I lived in Scottsdale I would always take my friends that were visiting to hefe and they absolutely loved it, definitely a go to bar of mine when i'm in town
2	I love giving great reviews... Sadly, we also have to be honest and give bad. Took some friends there today. Supposedly it was the "hype" (sadly over).  Upon entry, the space was clean but crowd was more like gorillas hitting on helpless fawn. Yet the fawn were sitting on the bar. Not at, but ON. We sat outside (no hostess) so we just sat. Turns out there was a trainee/trainer for us. Neither had a clue as to "gluten free" including the standard table chips and salsa. Ordered a blended marg (NO Blender, "it broke"). Tacos and salsa great!!!  beer was beer. food was served fast and warm. Again, love the food - def a 3-4.5 on food. But after 19 minutes, we still were not table touched by either the trainee or trainer. There was only 7 table occupied. SAD. but I guess when you hire looks over ability, we should not expect much. Then again, I should know better in the area it is located in. Now, I know El Hef opened not too long ago, but with Hi-FI (a newer more gorilla like venue) the crowd must must explore new territory. El Hefe is "New kid on the block is now the red headed step child" But, give it 12 months and Hi-Fi will take that title. Back to point here. in short, if you are looking to be seen, go to either, maybe grab some food. If you are looking for a memorable experience of the good kind, there are 100 options within walking distance.
1	Who charges hot sauce at a Mexican restaurant? Apparently El Hefe does and didn't even bother to be up front about it. We ordered tacos and asked for hot sauce, so the waitress asked us if we wanted "Pico De Gallo, Salsa Verde or Salsa roja". So we said bring all three. When we got our bill she charges us a $1 each for the little salsa she brought out. If she informed us about charging us then we might as well got the chips and salsa for $3 that already comes with the 3 salsas.  Also, our tacos were cold by the time she brought them out and service was slow when we asked for our check. Not sure why it was slow because it was only my party of 4 and a couple that were the only ones in there other the the 4 other people at the bar, so we wrote a note why we only gave 10% tip. However, we passed by again at night and it loooked poppin!! The nightlife here is probably the spot for this place because dining in during the day was not the business.
1	The bouncers and especially are rude with a power trip and can suck a DICK. They wouldn't allow my friend and i in the bar because we were wearing shorts on while other customers were wearing shorts. Such Liars! That place is overrated. Big douche bar! BITCH IT AINT VEGAS! !
1	the place is suppose to be an upscale taco bar its just plain weird.the only reason I gave it a try cuz I had promotional offers.the place has skeletons and motor bikes etc all over the walls and they were playing weird music like power pop type music which was really annoying.the service and food could have been better as well
1	If you want to surround yourself with a bunch of douchebags wearing Ed Hardy-esque clothing, enough hair gel to set the place on fire, and too much cologne, then El Hefe is the place to be!  That, however, is not my taste.  I can't comment on the food because, after spending one Saturday night drinking there, I have never wanted to go back.  Plus, I can't imagine trying to eat while inhaling all of the aforementioned cologne.  I'll stick to DJ's, my "dive bar" down the street, thank you.
1	The place is not too bad within the general douchebaggy community. The problem of this place is the staff!!! The girls in the bar are there spotting the potential big tippers, I don't blame them but please.... I spent a good while with my card in my hand waiting for my order to be taken while the girls were attending all the boys around me... Fed up, I turned to my husband and told him to try to order himself. He took my place in the bar and within maybe 2 min he was back with drinks for everybody!!!! Shameful!!!But the worst part was at the end... we ordered our drinks and without previous notice from the bar, once we got served and payed of course, this bouncer arrived with the worst manners ever, shouting to us to get out of there. We were really shocked since we were just two couples, quite calm compared with the rest of the audience, not really trouble makers... We told him that if they were not going to let us finish the drinks they shouldn't have sold them to us, right?  Well the bouncer started shouting even more at us and being incredibly rude, we left the place before things would go worse... Horrible experience, never again!
5	Great place ! Great time ! Food was great !
1	Pretty horrible food here. Another place that looks bigger on the outside, but is tiny on the inside. Ordered chips and guac and the somehow despite the chips being very shiny and greasy, they were ice cold to the touch. Lying server said they just came out of the fryer. Tacos were horrible as well. Just ordered two camarones tacos and I believe chef idiot grilled one side of the shrimp and forgot to turn it over, leaving other side very white and dangerous. If should have went back, but I didn't turn all the shrimp over until the second taco. Thankfully they are only three bucks each and date was paying, plus the flavors were horrendous with coconut inside and a salsa that did not work well. (sweet pepper). Her tacos were ok I think, but I'm not reviewing them and the guac was good, but can't overcome those nasty chips. The $5 Blue Moon tasted bad as well and this bar does not have the baseball package as Mohawk bartender thought. Entertainment district needs some better food and deals.
1	The bouncers are bitches. Went on a Wednesday dead as hell... Told me I couldn't wear Jordan's in... But they let people with flip flops, Adidas and other brands in... Mike and I don't approve.
1	If your idea of a fun night out is standing shoulder to shoulder watching a room full of douchebags and plastic women in a bar, then this is the place for you.  Will not go back.  Too loud, too packed, too fake.  Bartenders were more concerned about performing then pouring (some guy behind the bar was juggling, and then drinking liqour, from his SHOES...???), the meatheads in the bar were pre-occupied with shining up their sunglasses (that they wear "at night")....the entire vibe in this place is overwhelmingly douchey.  Overpriced, too.  At the bottom of my list for old town bars.
2	I guess I SORTA thought it,was ok, a lot like every other Scottsdale bar, but the vibe was only ok one of the 2 times I went. I like to people watch and noticed you should go with friends if you are under average to average in the looks department. From what I saw the bartenders only give the good service to their friends. We were in a totally sick ride so they liked us fine, I just felt bad for 3 average looking girls that I ended up buying a drink for cause they looked miserable.
1	Try ran out of champagne for the $0.10 mimosa refills. As a result of this they told us they would comp us a round of drinks. The service was extremely slow and when the bill finally came they did not comp the drinks they said they would and added 20% gratuity for our party of six. We asked to speak to a manager and no one ever came except the server. I don't have a problem with gratuity included, however if you're going to add 20% to the bill I expect speedy service and a manager to come to our table when requested.
5	Protip: Add the Fried Egg to the Torta. After visiting El Hefe in both the Scottsdale and Chicago locations I must say that this is one of my favorite places to get a modern spin on delicious Mexican food and watch a game, party or attend Happy Hour. The vibe and energy of the bar can't be denied.If you're looking for a nice quiet night out then this is surely not going to be the venue for you. But if you want to have fun, get a great Beer-Garita (all time amazing) and some high quality Mexican food this is the place. I didn't even know Duck Carnitas were possible until coming here and they did not disappoint one bit. It's hard to pick a favorite taco because they are all enjoyable. Whenever I can visit Scottsdale or Chicago, El Hefe is a must stop to watch a Bears or Blackhawks game. I'd argue it's almost as fun as actually attending the games themselves!
5	Last night was a blast! All the servers were amazing, really friendly and attentive but not pushy.  Even the bathroom attendant was really nice! The bathroom was super clean as well.  Loved the Hornito's drinks! I really can't wait to go back. I've been wanting to try here for a couple months and I'm so glad I went last night! I really can't wait to go back!
4	I'm having a Scottsdale over dose and loving it!!!!I love the setting, the place is fun, it was pack and still service was excellent, always checking if I needed a drink (I was sitting at the bar) the staff was incredible friendly and the music was good. I still would enjoyed more if they had a live band, but makes sense its not the kind of place. The drinks were good also, the beer very cold and the cocktails  well served. I will probably become a regular but I have still much discovering to do in Scottsdale!
5	the carne asada and pork tacos are my favorite in arizona!  i like how they provide mini spoons to apply the tasty salsas for the chips as well.  just go here before the party hours begin to avoid the dance crowd if you are looking for good tacos
1	My group spend well over $3000 (not including tips) on drinks, tables with the taps on, and three bottles with bottle service on my birthday...and tipped everyone like crazy...and what did this place do to thank us? They kicked us all out and called the cops, getting 2 people in my group arrested when they did NOTHING wrong...the bouncers are a serious issue at this place.I would have been a very valuable customer to have, but now I will never go back there and will NEVER suggest this place to my friends, I would actually go out of my way to tell them not to.
4	Okay so this is your stereotypical Old Town Scottsdale night club.  One caveat....they shoot confetti into the sky from little guns.  Alright, I'm hooked. It's over crowded.And I don't mean with just people in general.  I mean sweaty, overly intoxicated, overly "friendly" d's.  You have to expect that going into a place where you'll wait in line for 45min if you don't have breasts, right?  But again....the confetti. They have chicks that dance on the bar running around with a whistle and a bottle of liquor pouring shots into whomever is brave enough to step up to the bar.  (This girl on her birthday! - no judgement needed.)  Note to self: this liquid they pour into your mouth taste more like battery acid rather than actual alcohol, but hey, it's the experience.I have never even considered eating here being that I only force my friends into this establishment for special occasions.....or nights we've been over poured and feel like Superman.  On my birthday we ventured in here for 30min-1hr.  Enough time for a drink or two and a couple confetti showers. Heaven.  If you haven't been I recommend at least going once to really experience a real "unce unce" night in Old Town.  It will be everything you imagined.  That is if you imagine things such as: sticky floors, tight shirts on men, girls with tube socks on bars, overly gel'd - spiked hair, tight/short dresses, long lines (outside and inside), ear drum bursting bass and CONFETTI. You're welcome.
5	Probably the best burger I've ever eaten
3	brunch here and happy hour is awesome. At night it turns into your stereotypical Scottsdale d-bag watering hole. Among the sea of roid raged bros with overly gelled hair and drenched in Armani cologne, will you occassionally spot a pretty waitress dancing upon the bar, with a tequila bottle in her hand ready to pour into your mouth.
4	Cool atmosphere, loud, games on, DJ during commercials.... Cool spot. Food was good, nothing that knocked me off my stool, tacos were a couple bite sized and olny $3 i think. My brother had a brown bag of Tecate, classic!All good.... I would go back if in the hood of Snottsdale.Aloha
3	As a nightclub, I think this place is tops. It is the club that started a new fad in Old Town, inspiring other, newer clubs to be more like it with indoor/outdoor setups, plus the taps built into the tables is a cool concept. The servers there are friendly and the place is fun. So what's not to like? Well, I was completely underwhelmed with the food our table had ordered.  The burgers were dry and the portion size of the sides were very small. The prices were a little high as well. We left there feeling ripped off a little, with no intentions of returning for future dine-ins.
4	Bloody Mary's for Brunch......awesome....buy one for $12 and get as many as you want for 25 cents each!  Did I mention it comes with crispy bacon?  Tacos were great too!
4	At first my feelings for El Hefe were love/hate. Mainly because I couldn't understand why they built this place to be so freaking SMALL with such a MASSIVE bar... sort of a stupid design plan. Not even a dance floor was included when they built this place yet they managed to add TWO bars.I would only go to Hefe when I was getting a table or if someone in the group knew a bartender. But after being dragged in all summer, I warmed up to it. It is still not my favorite but I do love the concept and the wall decor. I would suggest if you plan on coming here on Friday or Saturday, get a table. The money is worth it unless you plan on spending half your night just trying to bob and weave through a sardine can filled with people.
4	Massive bar, great food, but sort of small.Tacos were a few bucks, alcohol was pretty cheap, and they have specials for Brunch on some days.Usually a line to get in unless your a chick.
2	We came here with high hopes but were highly disappointed. The service was horrible (our waitress would disappear for long periods of time and would ask is what we ordered several times), the margaritas seemed watered down (house and Cadillac) and our tacos were less than desired (in fact 2 of them were cold). The shrimp taco was by far the weirdest taco I've ever eaten! We saw others order the fajitas and those looked much better....maybe I'll try that next time. We are going to try the Tempe location in the future to see if that's any better.
4	The few times I've been to El Hefe have all taken place during late nights, so I was pretty skeptical to come for the food on a weeknight evening.Came to watch the Suns game and got a prime spot at the bar with no problem. It was Tuesday, so you know what that means..and if you don't, I'll give you a hint: Taco Tuesday. El Hefes TT specials were great--$2 tacos and $3 draft Dos Equis. So there's the back story.. now for the food.Their tacos were SO good. I mean, really, really good. If you go to Barrio Queen for this type of fare, stop. Don't go back there, you're getting ripped off. The tacos here were super flavorful, and they do not skimp on the meat. My new favorite taco spot!Come here for tacos. And to make it even sweeter, come here on a Tuesday so you can get 'em for 2 bucks.
5	It's clearly time for me to write an update since I am the duchess and all. What can I say. I love this place. I used to hate it and judge on it hard core but let's just say I'm going through a phase where I'm reliving my younger early 20's. (If you thought to yourself, but wait! Isn't she like only 24? Then bless your heart and we should be BFF).I mean I'm pretty much here at LEAST once a week. Most likely 2-3 times. Mostly to rage face on the weekends. Sunday Funday? DUH. I'm usually pretty hamskied by the time I walk over here but I'm pretty sure you can find me dancing somewhere around the bar. I can say that now have actually eaten the food here and it's def better than I thought it was gonna be. I've had brunch here before...they don't do bottomless but they do like a $15 schooner and then penny refills. Not mad at it. I can't remember what I had for brunch but I'm pretty sure I didn't eat it bc I was hung over and about to vom. But I think the bite or two that I did have were pretty tasty. The tacos are pretty good too - I've had the steak, chicken and beef cheek. Beef cheek is probs my fav. Get it. Don't be a puss. Hefe is in my little hot corner and I do love me some of that hot corner - it's always packed! but I think with Bottled Blonde opening up, there's been a little more breathing room. Hefe..hefe..hefe..**sigh** so many blurred memories. All of which I'm sure were a great time.
1	I used to love this place  and come every Sunday with large group of people but lately the bouncers at the door  holds the  line for no reason. Last Sunday While the place was 1/3 full I had to wait in line for 30 minutes. However the door guy let about 50 people whom he didn't bother to check IDs because he knew them. This attitude needs to change and everyone should be respected. If we have to pay to get in the. Post a cover charge I would gladly pay that 5 or 10 dollar at the door than bribing your door guy. Last time I check bribing was against the law. Hire new door guys who is not associated with same douchy Scottsdale crowd so everyone get a chance to experience this place. Customer service starts at the door el Hefe management team not at the table. Till then I will take my money somewhere else...
3	Edit: The manager came over and fixed the situation. Still wouldn't order a cocktail but cool that they refunded the second set of kettle.Don't order a cocktail. Major ripoff. $9 for kettle and soda that was so weak that we ordered a second shot and it cost another $9. Basically you'll pay $18 for a very weak drink. Go across the street to HiFi...
4	After a bartender decided to tip himself out extra we got a hold of a manager who was the antitheses of the bartender.  The manager was very professional and helpful. Resolved the problem for us right away.----------Save all your credit card receipts! I was out last weekend and checked my credit card statement and they added an extra ten dollars to my bill!  I've tried to call the restaurant but the machine gives store hours and then the abruptly disconnects.  Beware!
1	One star!! Friday night long day and week, I get home, put my and1 shorts and tanktop. 20 min I'm on mill. my buddy had cigar that he wanted to smoke. walked to El jefe and the security guy won't let me Inn bcoz my shorts. so I guess if you one of the thousand peeps that hangout with shorts and a tank AVOID THIS PLACE.
4	With plans to go to Spring Training in full effect, I turned to Living Social and Groupon to find some deals on places to eat nearby and El Hefe was at the top of my list. I went to their site (and Yelp) page and instantly purchased the Groupon voucher. $20 for $40 worth of food and drinks. Unbeknownst to me there are tons and tons of Mexican restaurants in the Scottsdale area and El Hefe was in the middle of a very nice neighborhood full of eateries trying to cash in on Spring Training. As you approach El Hefe you'll notice their great outdoor patio, perfect for brunch, day drinking, or a refreshing cocktail as the sun sets. We arrived a little before noon on a Saturday, which meant they were offering their brunch drinks. Even before we got inside the trendy taqueria, our eyes gravitated towards an oversized mimosa with a mini champagne bottle coming out of the goblet. After seating ourselves and our attractive waitress introducing herself, I ordered the Bulldog Mimosa for $12 with refills at $0.01!After milling over the menu for a bit, as well as enjoying my oversized mimosa simultaneously, I ordered the Pollo Parrilla Torta, a Mexican sandwich with grilled chicken breast with a tomato-ancho jam, chipotle mayo, queso asadero, mixed greens, and a bit of lime oil. My party ordered a few high-calorie appetizers that I passed on, in order to enjoy a few of the penny refills. Priorities first.A few refills later (3 or 4 to be exact) our food came out and the fajitas looked great as did the two tortas we ordered. The bread of the torta was fluffy and sweet and was a striking contrast to what I'm used to but added great dimension to the sandwich. The chicken was equally great and had plenty of flavor all while being moist. All the flavors worked together making it a truly unique Mexican sandwich. I added a bit of hot sauce and the torta was gone before I knew it. I went ahead and tried the steak fajitas ($16) which instantly made me want to order the steak torta. I didn't. I should mention that additional tortillas are $2.I should mention that the mimosa refills aren't the big, overflowing, jumbo-sized ones but rather the size of a normal cocktail. Nevertheless you can't complain for a penny. The bar staff messed up a few times and I was lucky enough to get varying sizes of the mimosa refills. Service was inconsistent but you couldn't be mad at our friendly waitress, as she was overworked and was servicing every table. You'd think they'd have a full staff ready to go given that it's a Saturday, at 12pm, on gameday. El Hefe was close to a perfect 5 stars but after some churros that were sent back and a less than helpful manager, as well as the inconsistent service, 4 stars will have to suffice. I will, however, be back next year during Spring Training, especially to try out their tableside beer taps that I didn't have a chance to try out this time around. Ambiance/Decor: 5/5Food: 4/5Service: 3/5Price: $$Overall: 4/5Pros:+ Unique taqueria decor (very San Diego)+ Patio bar/seating+ Large main bar+ Spacious dining area/tables+ Tableside beer taps!+ Oversized drinks w/ refill specials+ Tasty tortas and great overall menu+ Attractive waitresses and bartendersCons:- Additional tortillas run $2- Inconsistent service- Manager did little to resolve our problem
5	Hard to say a bad thing about this place. Bar tending is primo. Customer service... Spot on. The food is the best in Old Town. Amongst all the glory hole places on "the strip"  in Old town, you cannot go wrong with The Boss.
2	I prefer the El Hefe on Mill for having more space and nicer staff. This place is pretty packed most of the time with a line that doesn't seem efficiently taken care of. The front men aren't the nicest, and had an affectation of authority, basically they were very pretentious - making them unprofessional. I know people complain about the front men at Maya, but at least they do their job professionally. Also, at Mint, they're very professional as well. Once inside, it's pretty messy, the crowd and patrons there aren't the ideal crowd you want to be around, neither at the El Hefe on Mill, it must be an El Hefe thing. :P An obnoxious, and irresponsible atmosphere. The drinks weren't bad though, and the food might be good. Might come back for that.
5	One of my new favorite places.  The food is so delicious and reasonably priced and the staff is really friendly.  The music / television can be a bit loud but it is a bar so I can't really complain about it.  I like the Mill Ave location better for people watching on the patio.  Both places are dog friendly!Everything I've tried is fresh and delicious.  I love their ceviche tostadas, salsa, chips and guac to start, but we've also had the corn dip and it's pretty good.  The tacos are all yummy, and the house salad is really good.  I haven't tried anything I didn't like.  The servers are friendlier than I would expect and that's been consistent so they hire well.Not sure I would've tried this place based purely on appearances and the bar atmosphere because it's not really our style, but the food keeps bringing us back.  I love it for lunch or an early dinner.
4	Pretty packed on the weekends, GREAT music. Drinks were decent.
1	Saturday afternoon  - almost impossible to get a drink.  The bartenders are too busy talking on their cell phones instead of helping a full bar of frustrated patrons.  Had to ask 3 different times for 2 beers before someone actually brought them.  There were also some strange smells if vomit and fish in certain areas.  Also, THEY DO NOT WASH THEIR GLASSES. We saw someobe bring out a brand new box of glasses, open it and then place the glasses under the bar. One of the bartenders grabbed a cup directly from the box, filled it with beer and then gave it to a customer!   So gross will never go back.
2	DO NOT TRY TO SPEND BIG MONEY HERE, YOU WILL GET KICKED OUT FOR NO GOOD REASON AT ALL (NO GOOD REASON BEING THE BOUNCER'S NAPOLEON COMPLEX).My best friend lives in Phoenix, and every time the gang comes to town to reunite, we always head to El Hefe and have always had the best time there.But apparently, when you like to spend a lot of $$$ though, the El Hefe bouncers (I'm talking to you blonde curls), like to treat you like total sh*t. You see, it all started when we all came to town to celebrate my best friend's  graduation. (Keep in mind we're all grown adults, not college aged kids who go crazy).  We show up at El Hefe early enough to secure a table, and I proceed to drop over $500 in shots and bottle service for 13 of us (and the others bought their own drinks in addition to this). This blonde haired bouncer continuously tries to get us to clear the space in between two of the tables on the far end of the bar (because the girls were surrounding all four sides of the table, dancing), we refuse because HELLO, OUR BOTTLE & DRINKS ARE ALL ON THIS TABLE back off and leave us alone. Not even a third of our bottle gone and thus, still very sober, I am told that my best friend got kicked out for "being too drunk". I immediately walk outside to find him very calm, standing there asking the other bouncer in what way he was "too drunk" because he had not done A THING. We were all standing around talking and/or dancing. He was there with his wife. He's not acting inappropriately nor is he unable to stand or talk without slurring his words. I'm thoroughly confused as to what "too drunk" is, especially because I could point to at least 15 people inside that were most DEFINITELY too drunk. Then, I turn to see my other friend being held by at least 3 bouncers, one of whom had him in some choke hold, being VIOLENTLY THROWN on the cement curb. (REALLY, A CURB? IT COULDN'T BE FLAT GROUND?!!).Here's the best part, he also was not acting inappropriately and was apparently also asking one of the bouncers why our other friend got kicked out.  HOW I WISH I HAD VIDEO-RECORDED THE ENTIRE INCIDENT.So now two of our friends have been kicked out for no good reason, we're WELL over $500 out, not even a third of our bottle has been drunk (keep in mind, there were 13 of us) and the bouncers unnecessarily used excessive force in throwing out one of my friends.One of the bouncers then tried to pour our bottle out (nice try buddy), but we handed it to another table instead) and we took it up with the manager, who offered to give us another bottle if we returned the following night to make up for it. (By the way man, you should probably be aware of your bouncer's behavior so you can better "manage" the place). I didn't go back the following night but my friends did and the manager did offer them all  2 rounds of drinks on the house. (Good for him for recognizing terrible customer service to a group that's spending good money in your business).In any case, none of this should have went  down and I can think of a few bouncers who need to go through some serious training and learn how to treat your well-behaved paying customers. Sadly, we'll be avoiding El Hefe and its bouncers with a Napolean complex from now on.
1	This is one of my least favorite places in all of Phoenix. I'll grant you that I'm more than a little biased against 'clubs' in general (I'd rather relax, talk, and laugh than get bumped around, shout, and pay $15 for a whiskey after waiting in line for 15 minutes). That being said, this place is the worst of the worst as far as clientele goes. Every Phoenician has heard of the $35K / year Scottsdale millionaire. Well, this is where they all come on Friday and Saturday nights to take on more crushing credit card debt so they can pop some bottles and impress some trashy women. Are you a male in your twenties that likes cranberry mixers, works in 'finance' (read: entry level teller at Chase), leases a 328i, is not above slipping something in a girl's drink, and pretends to be some kind of pseudo-cowboy hardass at Country Thunder once a year? Then you'll love it here among your friends.Are you a woman that is attracted to the aforementioned Scottsdale Bro? You'll love it here as well.
4	Great atmosphere and great food.  The tacos are a bit on the small side but that lets you get a taste of all of all of them.  Booth tables have their own beer tap!  Enough said...  The place is not very big but it is a lot of fun.
5	The pork alpastor = 1 thing and that's amazing! Stop in to check it out. If you are looking for a great place to rage on Sundays, then this is where you want to be. Great music, tons of chicks, and good food. What more could you ask for.
4	Love this place! Foods awesome, the staff is fun, and the atmosphere is contagious. You can't walk out of here without a smile. The food is a brilliant take on classic Mexican food and looks as good as it tastes. They have about a million tequilas and a million more margarita combinations. Located right in the heart of old town Scottsdale this place lives up to the hype. Beautiful women run wild in this place, However with that come the occasional tatted meat head but those guys are cool too (sometimes). The line moves fairly quickly as does the pace of the night. This place is usually pretty busy and always fun.
5	Every time I come here it never disappoints me always a blast and the bartenders are always on their A game
5	This place is amazing I go there all the time for the tacos and they're amazed la chica flaca margarita! The staff is always attentive and willing to help out with anything even if your phone needs a charge. They are always holding fun events like taco eating contest and what not. If you're in the Scottsdale area you should definitely stop by for lunch or go later at night for a crazy party!
5	Place was dope. I like their tacos.The bus service is really nice so that i can get there and back without having to drive. I like getting drunk there
4	Went to El Hefe with some friends and really loved the atmosphere and the food! We sat at a booth w the old school taps (still cold/can't use) and had great service! I ordered the Queso Fundido and Chicken nachos for the table and everything was delicious! Had great drinks, great food, great service. When in Scottsdale hit this place up! Was awesome at 4pm and apparently gets crazy fun later in the evening!
4	This place has bomb.com tacos the (shrimp tacos) are the best. The atmosphere is fun and inviting! Also the Churro's are on point! Happy hour specials are Great! I wouldn't suggest bringing your grandma here, definitely bring your friends instead.
5	My favorite club in Old Town. Their tacos are supreme. We had Kassie as our server for bottle service and she was awesome! I will definitely be back :)
4	Bought a groupon to try out El Hefe..note I am past the club age and honestly I was a little unsure of the place. We went on a Saturday afternoon around 1pm, parked right in front and was told we could sit anywhere.  Not a huge place by any means as all the booths were full, so we sat at a high top table. The place has a bar feel but that was to be expected.  I got a margarita,  the one with the OJ and Grand Marnier, it was really good (I will admit to preferring frozen) but this on the rocks version was tasty. The drink was $10 but it was rather large so worth the price. We then ordered the queso fundido, oh my one of the best I have had. It came with great chips with sea salt and five of their little tortillas.  Both the husband and I ordered the three taco plate, I hate the braised beef, duck carnitas and the mushroom taco. All pretty good, the husband got pork al pastor (his favorite), chicken tinga and the cod. He also loved the corn that came as the side. The cilantro rice I barely ate. All inall we will be back and I am goinf to try their nachos, they looked amazing. We definitely will also order less due to sheer size but had to order at least $40 for the groupon. Great deal. Now this location is in the heart of old town Scottsdale and is across from Whiskey Row so be aware of the scene. But they have a Tempe location. We will definitely be back for lunch and some more of those yummy margaritas. I love trying new places through Groupon.
5	The Sunday Funday Party is Awesome!!! The crowd interaction really makes it a fun place to let loose!!! The music was bumping and everyone was having a good time. Sunday Funday has become a "thing" in old town scottsdale and the original party starter is still the best!!!
5	El Hefe is awesome! The tacos are brilliant! Try the Chicken Tinga tacos and wash it down with the Carlos Estavez Margarita; It has strawberries and jalapeno! YUM!Right in the heart of Old Town's entertainment district, its always a party here! The staff is outstanding, and the music is by far the best, if your into house and hip hop!Definitely check this place out!
5	We ate at the Mills St. Tempe Az. location this past weekend. The food & drinks were absolutely amazing!!! Service was superb as well.. Lots of TV's music and a nice big bar. Very open with lots of big windows to people watch! or you can sit in their patio.. This is great casual fun place.  We had the fajitas, and the mole enchiladas. SOOO GOOD!! We will definitely be going back next time we are in Tempe. CAN'T WAIT :-)
5	One of the best two in one spots I have ever step foot in! Their tacos are full of flavor, my favorite is the chicken tinga- perfect blend of sweet and salty. Then there is their late night partying, holy awesomeness! Full of energy and good vibes along with some confetti ;) who doesn't love confetti?!
5	This place has the best tacos in the area!! I work right by El Hefe and I go there all the time for their amazing tacos. The atmosphere is fun and the service is great as well. I highly recommend the chicken tacos, nachos and the salty chihauhua!
5	If nothing else, the pork belly tacos are to DIE for  the chips and salsa are also amazing- favorite day drinking spot for sure
5	This is probably one of my favorite places in oldtown scottsdale. The bartenders make great drinks and the music is really good.
4	The thing I like about old town is that all the bars bring their own little flare and el hefe's is one of my favorites. A dash of cantina and club life is always a great mixture for good times.
5	Shots to the dome here! I can always dig. Got a table for the homies birffday and had a killer night. Gotta check it out if you haven't.
3	Been here a few times, for some reason a lot of my friends enjoy having their birthdays here.  I do not like waiting in line and there is ALWAYS a line here.  I should stress my main experience here is only on a Friday or Saturday night.  Its always packed in here, and hot as can be.  Hard to move let alone dance.  Often tough to get to the bar and order a drink because there are so many people posted up there.  Not my favorite place, there are generally fun good looking people but at the price of standing like cattle.  Drinks are decent and well priced, but I only go here if I have to.  Just far too crowded for me, too hard to order drinks, hard to dance.  No where to sit down really at night.  I believe there is good seating in the day, but they move all the tables and chairs to make space for more people.
1	I will never go back here again! Went here to celebrate my birthday, they refused to let one of our guests in stating his out of state license was a fake- with no proof and couldn't give us any explanation. The bouncer was rude and our guest had to go to back to our hotel to get his passport which clearly states the same information and come back to Old Town Scottsdale. I say stay clear it's not worth the hassle. The staff is on a HUGE power trip!
3	Industrial meets Cantina decor. I think this would be a great date place if you come early. As the night went on, it got loud and crowded, although the music was great. Lots of 20s guys (for the ladies). Sugar skulls everywhere, flowery booths, etc. I think you have to come once. The food was "eh". Happy hour was $2 off, we tried some trendy tacos. That is not why people come. They come for the blasting music later, the large fast paced bar. Mainly guys, like I said. Ladies who are looking, may be a nice stop for you.
5	bitches love Hefe! taco Tuesday, Weekends start Wednesdays, and Sunday funday... Hefe has got you covered. Don't bring people here that don't like to Party. Hefe is not for the weak. that's why it's super macho of course.  Just ask Kivanc, Jono, or Soltero...
4	As a restaurant this place has fabulous food but hit or miss service. We went twice the first time was great. Our bartender actually order our tacos and made us delicious strawberry margaritas served in goblets. The second time the male bartender totally ignored us, forgot to put our food order in, and was serving dudes before us. This place is also very particular on who they let in. I have seen the bouncer not let a few people in. Otherwise a pretty decent polar overall.
5	Two words: Sunday Funday. A few more words: Any other day of the week. I frickin love this place. My goal in life is to become the Duchess.~SCOTTSDALE LOC IS BETTER THAN TEMPE LOC~
3	3.5 starsStopped by while hopping around Old Town. The music was on point and most of the dancers were great. The crowd was mid-twenties but weren't really dressed up. People were spread out on the outdoor patio are and the inside. It was fun stopping by and was one of the better spots we stopped by in Old Town.
