4	Room:- A suite with a living room and bedroom.- Soft and comfy king size bed. I love the down-filled sheets and pillows.- Wolfgang Puck dual coffee pot, coffee, and tea! - Has a mini fridge, microwave, and mini safe.- Neutrogena products - A TV in the living room, as well as the bedroomCheck-in:- Warm and soft chocolate chip cookie! Yum!Free Continental Breakfast:- Includes: french toast, sausages, bacon, eggs, fried potatoes, fruits, cold cereal, milk, and pastries- A sit down place for eating- Guests can pay extra for gratuity- Food is decent for breakfast, but the pastries taste better warm- If you want hard boiled eggs- that costs extra- For those who cannot sit down to eat, there is coffee and pastries before the eating area.Facilities:- Conveniently located near the freeway- Has a computer area near the hotel entrance- Outdoor pool and jacuzzi available- Exercise room with some treadmills and weight machines- Lots of parking available in the back of the hotel
5	Doubletree Guest Suites Phoenix Gateway Center is a great choice for the middle to upper-middle tier of hotels in the Phoenix area. The front desk service is quick and good, as is the staff at the complimentary breakfast dining room. Here's what you get for your stay:= Suite with a living room that has a pullout sofa, bathroom and separate bedroom with a door that closes off. (not just a one room hotel room).= Two TVs per room.= Coffee maker, refrigerator and microwave in all rooms.= Neutrogena amenities= Decent sized pool and small jacuzzi= Small fitness room= Plenty of free parking= Free airport shuttle bus (only 5 mins away)= Free buffet breakfast= Easy to find near the airport= Chocolate chip cookies upon check-in= View of the airport (if you like that sort of thing), but no jet noise as the hotel is north of the flight pathHere's what could be better, but they're definitely NOT drawbacks:= Location is not right in downtown, but if you drive straight across Van Buren Avenue at a steady pace, you hit all green lights except for a few and you're in downtown in less than 10 minutesI travel a lot and am at the highest level of membership for the Hilton Family of hotels, the Hyatt family of hotels and at the second highest level with Starwood Hotels. This hotel is better than the other Doubletree, Hilton, Sheraton and Marriott hotels in greater Phoenix. And, on top of that, it's almost always cheaper than all of those hotels.
4	Katherine sets the bar for Hotel excellence at the Registration Desk - efficient, pleasant and always acknowledges me by name.Don't take the  5 minute cab ride, they have a minimum fare which is pricey. Take the hotel shuttle and give the friendly driver a nice tip, you still save $10.During the sunset, lightning storm or after the rain the upper floor walkways give a terrific view of the sky show. The suites are spacious, clean and  have wide screen tv's.This has to be one of the best bets, as a moderate business hotel,  close to the Phoenix airport, good central location, with quick access to the freeways.
4	I'm down here for Spring Training this year. I thought this hotel would be more convenient to Phoenix Municipal Stadium, and it is.Pros:  Nice, spacious rooms.  Each is a suite.  Large, flat screen TV in the living room.  Beautiful outdoor design for the hotel.  Included buffet breakfast.  Cons:  Pricey.  I noticed that next year's rooms are already up for this time of year (during the month, March, when every hotel jacks their prices), but they're a lot cheaper.
3	Nice place for the price. Not much stuff near by. Need a car to move around.
4	It's amazing what you'll be willing to overlook when a warm and gooey chocolate chip cookie is handed to you.  So the giant "Welcome Oakland A's" banner was draped over the front entrance could have been the dealbreaker.  Warm Cookie beats annoyance at A's banner.Okay, Spring Training wasn't my first time at this Doubletree.  Been here before and it's nice.  The rooms at this place are modern, clean, spacious, and comfortable.  Couches, coffee table, a work table, and plenty of open space to stretch out.  The suites (and they're all suites here) are nicely outfitted with a big Plasma HDTV in the living area and a standard-def CRT in the bedroom.  Local channels and HBO are in HD, the rest are Standard def.  Huge pool, although it's usually pretty busy.  A Precor Fitness Center that is pretty nice, Wi-Fi and wired internet in every room although it's not free, parking is free.  Avoid the 3rd floor if possible because it's the only floor without a crossover above the pool from the elevator so if you get stuck on the far side of the building, it'll take a while to walk there.The complimentary breakfast facility is very swank, but there's nothing spectacular about the food itself.  Standard Doubletree menu of a buffet - bacon, sausage, eggs, and either pancakes, blintzes, french toast or other starch alternating.Can't deny the location close to the airport and Central Phoenix is convenient.  Rooms are well insulated and quiet and it's location less than a minute away from Highway 202 is really easy access.  I'm really indifferent to the staff here - they do their job.  They're most definitely not rude or unpleasant but some enthusiasm and maybe cracking a smile once in awhile would be nice.  I'm pretty split between this location and the Embassy Suites on East Thomas - if only for the free in-room internet and easy access to some of the best friggin Latin food in Phoenix - it would ultimately come down to which place has the better price.
3	Was in Phoenix for business and decided to stay at the Doubletree Hotel near the airport. I have to admit, this is one of the nicer double trees I've been to. The courtyard and all of their facilities here are first class. The room that I got was a nice suite. It had two rooms, a sitting/dinning area/work area and the bedroom. The rooms were very spacious, clean, and modern, and each room had it's own hi-def TVs with all the channels plus HBO. The bathroom is also nice with the sink, toilet, and shower all in the same room. The bed are nice and soft and clean. I did get a comfortable night sleep here. They also have a very nice court yard with orange trees, a nice pool area, and work out room. They also have on site dinning and bar area called the Belvedere. Me an my coworker had both drinks, dinner, and breakfast there. It's american style grill and prices are reasonable for a hotel (you're looking at around $10 for sandwiches & pizza and $18 - $25 for entrees). The food here was good and the free breakfast that came with it was also very good. It was one of the better complimentary breakfast I've been to. Not only did they have fresh cooked pastries, but they also had eggs, bacon, hashbrowns, and fresh squeezed juice. As to rating, while the hotel is nice, it's expense. How expensive, try $179 on a Week Night when I was here (granted it was during spring training). Also you get all these things BUT free internet. This is the one thing I hate about these high end hotels, they penny pinch the hell out of you. Would I come back, yes I would. But I think the lack of free internet and the high prices would make me look else where in the future and probably cost this hotel a star in my books and I ranked it down to 3 stars. So if you got the cash and don't mind spending then the Doubletree Hotel is worth the stay.
3	The lobby doesn't tell the full story of this rather unique Doubletree near the PHX airport. A free shuttle whisks you from the airport and brings you to a very dated and small lobby. At first sight, I thought that I had made a mistake. Then you walk into the courtyard where the elevators are and there is a pool with seating and tables all over the place to enjoy a meal or drink poolside. It has this pleasant mini resort feel to it. The rooms are suites with a sitting area near the door and a bedroom in the back. If I didn't know better, I'd say that this place used to be an Embassy Suites! Good stuff, the lit pool and jacuzzi at night makes this place a winner. They will also give you a ride to nearby places in the shuttle if you ask nicely.
4	We stayed here for 3 nights while attending Spring Training.  I have stayed here before and found it pleasant then.  We arrived and check in went smoothly.  We got to our room and were disappointed that there was some type of humming noise non-stop.  We called the front desk and he came up quickly and without hesitation relocated us to another room.  There is plenty of parking and most of it can be found near your room. The pool is nice and very popular with children, so kids noise does abound here.  The breakfast and its staff are great.  Breakfast is included and the main dish changes each day.  The sports bar is very nice and there are many large screen computers for use that are free. Wi-Fi in your room is NOT free.  We ate dinner at the hotel's Belvedere and while the service was not up to par the food was great.  I would highly recommend this hotel as it is central to many other locations, airport, Scottsdale, and the various freeway systems.  There is though nothing this hotel, only a gas station within walking distance.  YES the chocolate chip cookies are an added touch !
3	As far as Hilton properties go...this one is a little tired. The room we got smelled musty but since we were only staying one night we didn't bother moving.  The room was clean so don't get me wrong on this area....just old and tired.All room doors are exposed to the outside which is not one of my favorite features but since it is in Phoenix I guess wether isn't a problem.  Would I stay here again.....only because of the convenience to the airport.  The bar has pretty good food.  We tried the hotel bear becasue there was nothing within walking distance worth going to.
4	I was a little wary of being in an airport hotel, especially one so close to the runways...but you could barely hear anything. The rooms were very nice, comfy bed and a little kitchen. You might want to make sure you aren't near the ice machine, they are a bit loud in the rooms next to them. The pool was pretty nice, warm and clean.Check in and out was a breeze. I got a cookie upon check in which was very nice. The restaurant was decent and has a bunch of free computers outside of it for hotel guests to use.  There is Wi-Fi but you have to get the code from the front desk to log on.  The free shuttle to the airport is awesome and very quick.
4	Very friendly check in staff. Clean room. Quiet. Surprising since we are so close to the airport.
4	Big rooms. Clean but have a smell to them. The included 7a-10a buffet breakfast is good (needs sausages,though). Nice to have that refrigerator & microwave,too. Free shuttle to the airport on the half hour was extremely convenient. Tipping at breakfast and with the shuttle (which can take or pick you up at places in less than a 2 mile radius) is appreciated just the same as you would your housekeeper.
3	Check-in was fast and quick and price was right for what it was. A big upgrade over a discount property and super close to the airport. It does resemble a different kind of hotel in that everything was outside, but the room was spacious and generally quiet. The morning breakfast was solid and the only real minus was the shuttle's delay; some of the hotels came twice in the time it took this one to show up once. But save for that...a more than adaquate experience for an overnight stay.
5	It was a very lovely place. I had read the reviews before arriving and had read that the place looked dated, but it looked very nice to me. I've been to several hilton family hotels since my hubby is a diamond member and this is one of the better places we've been to.The only thing that was sorta a deal breaker was that it wasn't near downtown.
3	The Good:-awesome complimentary breakfasts-warm gooie chocolate chip cookie at check in-nice pool and and hot tub at the center-fairly large room with 2 tvs (flat screen) and a huge comfortable bed with down pillowsThe Bad:- not a bad fitness room but could be larger-It doesn't have the feel/look of a fancy hotel at first ...more like a motel (but the rooms are nice and the restaurant too) The Ugly:-no free internet
3	Over all, not bad. Pros:~ delicious warm chocolate cookie at check-in. one per guest.~ wonderful complimentary breakfast (pretty darn good restaurant too)~ very comfy beds...plenty of comfy pillows. ~ spacious suits (living room / bedroom) although bathroom could have been a bit more spacious.~ large pool / hot tub conveniently located~ conveniently located by the Airport~ looks a bit dated from the outside, but modern enough interiorCons:~ no free Wi-Fi (c'mon...seriously?! everyone has free Wi-Fi...McD's, Starbucks, Dunkin' Donuts, etc.)~ near the airport, but not near downtown Phoenix or Scottsdale~ a bit on the pricey side (even when booked through discount sites)Would I return for a stay next time in Phoenix / Scottsdale? YesWill I look for comparable alternative with free Wi-Fi? Most Likely
4	Loved the beds, the cleanliness, the modern feel, but request the rooms not near the loud shed which controls the pool settings.  Although, the breakfast was great with real scrambled eggs and excellent potatoes with salsa and the cranberry muffins moist - just a great place with a great breakfast for an amazing price!  Would stay here again, in fact any DTSuites, I'm a fan!
1	What's with long lines to get breakfast! Very disappointing.
4	Stayed here for a long weekend for a friend's wedding in Mesa. Driving from Southern California, it was located conveniently near the freeway and parking was easy! Check in was a breeze, the receptionist was very friendly- he gave us two warm cookies and a map of the surrounding area to help us out. Looks a bit outdated from the outside, but don't judge a book by the cover- the rooms are definitely kept up very nicely! The room was so spacious! Upon entering, there is a couch that turns into a bed, with a desk that was convenient when we ordered pizza and ate around it. There is a microwave, large fridge and everything was so clean! The separate room was nice, with a king bed that was large and comfy and had nice closet space to hang our clothes for the wedding. We went to the Belvedere restaurant downstairs on the first night to grab some drinks and the drinks were very overpriced but I guess that's expected for a hotel bar. We loved everything about the hotel, especially the complimentary breakfast located in the restaurant. Buffett style, with a different main entree that differed everyday (like french toast, pancakes, and waffles) with sausage, bacon, yogurt, pastries and coffee! Would definitely recommend staying here and will plan on returning to this hotel once baseball spring training comes around for my Dodgers!
4	Had a great time staying in this hotel. The breakfast is free and probably one of the best hot breakfasts around. The warm cookie at check in started my visit off right. The room was very spacious as advertised and clean. I had no problems and I stay for almost a week! I would recommend to anyone that has to visit the phoenix area!
4	This hotel is a lot better than it seems from the outside.I enjoyed my stay here, the rooms were extremely comfortable and clean.The staff is cordial and very professional.I stayed in a King room and had a separate living room area.  The rooms are huge and comfortable.  There were also 2 flat screen TVs in my room - 1 in the bedroom and 1 in the living area.The bathroom was standard, nothing stood out about it, but I've stayed in other DoubleTrees where the bathrooms are very spacious and well layed out.I will stay here again if I am ever in Phoenix.B. Major Grade:  A
4	I stay here every couple of months and it is consistently good. It's a Doubletree with reasonable rates, so it's no 5 star hotel but it's clean, the staff is great, the rooms are spacious, breakfast is free, there is a nice pool, a cozy bar, free parking, and warm cookies at check-in. It's super close to Sky Harbor airport, but I never notice any airport noise.Wireless is about $10 a day, but there are quite a few room rates where this is included, worth looking out for.
4	This Doubletree looks like it was at its prime in the 90s and I could see this place being very nice back then. Today it looks old and outdated but its still very clean. My room had dated decor but it was very clean, bed was comfortable, and the free breakfast was one of the best I have had. The other perk to this place was the price for $100 a night its a steal especially since you are near the airport and your getting a suite. The downfall to this place is there really isn't any restaurants or bars that are within walking distance and the $10 wifi charge.
4	Great hotel choice by the airport!  Although this is a rough area of town, this hotel is kind of a little oasis as it's industrial around it creating a buffer, and the hotel class itself is much nicer than what you expect in this area.Did not use the restaurant or bar myself, but a friend in another room did and said it was extremely expensive.The pool is not large, but adequate, and is enclosed in the courtyard, adding to the feeling of security.  If your flying out and need a clean, comfortable hotel, this is a good choice.Also the Chinese Cultural center is very close and is worth checking out.
4	For a business traveller, this is pretty darn good.I've been here a few times.  It's like an ebassy suites without the roof - its open.  Has a pool and hot tub.  Since I went during low season, the fountains were off and maintenance running around doing things.The breakfast is free - not bad.The rooms are VERY nice and large.I recommend - my second favorite hilton hotel in the general area
4	There at the beginning of a Caravan Grand Canyon.and more tour and had dinner and breakfast.  Dinner was well presented, especially a salmon and pasta entree and a bacon and bleu Berger.  Good service, nicely managed meal and too full for dessert.  Self-serve breakfast had lots of fruit choices, decent scrambled eggs and choice of meat, muffins, toast and a mix of coffee flavoured creamers.  Again service was attentive even though the place was busy.  Good performance all 'round.
3	I visited here for a business seminar, the seminar was a good time but the venue is as bland as you can get. Not really anything unpleasant but the decor and ambiance is just blah...I tried the restaurant for lunch and got the same blah blah experience.
5	Snaps to Tom and his crew for fixing the A/C in my room quickly and getting my room back in order. Staff here is super nice and helpful. When you have to travel for business and be away from home you want someplace quiet and clean where the staff is accommodating. Good job!
3	this place is ok.  lots of parking and easy to find.  the room i had smelled of smoke but i was too lazy to change rooms.  could use an update inside the room but the hotel lobby seemed nice.  close to freeway.
3	Hotel is kinda upscale motel-ish. Not bad, just different. On the last day of my stay they had a wedding ceremony in the courtyard that you HAVE to pass through to get to the lobby. VERY uncomfortable.  I probably won't do this one again. Room was clean and nice, but it is an older hotel.
4	I have to say that staying at the DoubleTree Suites in Phoenix was fantastic. Great and friendly staff, complimentary breakfast, and extremely nice suites made my vacation to Phoenix an unforgettable one. I strongly recommend booking at the DoubleTree Suites if you ever visit Phoenix!
3	Only reason I gave this three stars (and not lower) is because I am leaving it open for DoubleTree to resolve the complaint I filed. My dad's his wedding ring "went missing" at a DoubleTree in Phoenix. I called Hilton corporate and filed a complaint (gave them room number, dates, etc) and was told that I would hear back in 72 hours...it has now been 5 days and have not heard back (even after following up). I will update and change my review if I am contacted and this is taken care of.
4	Update: My dad finally received a call last night from lost and found and is getting his ring sent back to him. This hotel definitely redeemed themselves!
4	My husband is military and was in town for a one month language course nearby, so he booked a military rate king suite which includes a pull-out sofa bed, two flat screen tvs, a separate bedroom from living area, and  mini fridge, microwave, and sink.      He's a Hilton Honors member, so the 4th floor was where our room is. The elevator clearly marks the 4th floor as the designated to HHonors members. Not sure why it matters, but just FYI in case you prefer a lower level.     Upon check in, my husband was given a goodie bag, their notorious cookies, and 11 beverage vouchers for the attached restaurant and bar: The Belvedere.     Each day booked includes a nice complimentary breakfast buffet. They offer a nice spread of fresh cut fruit, cereals, oatmeal, eggs, bacon, sausage, potatoes, muffins, various breads, coffee, hot tea, juices, and milk.      They feature Crabtree & Evelyn toiletries which have a nice clean scent and lather well.       The only oddity I noticed was that from our room, the ice and vending machines were a bit of a trek. But, not that big of a deal.        The pool was well maintained, stocked with towels warmed by the Arizona sun, and a courtesy phone by the hot tub to request pool side food and/or beverages.        Mind you, they do have a shuttle, but there aren't a lot of dining options within walking distance. If you yelp nearby restaurants,  most are located within the airport. The on site restaurant is a little pricey, but the food is good.        Overall, we enjoyed our stay and had no issues. Love the beds, but not a fan of down pillows. (No neck support) Customer service was friendly and efficient. Would recommend for a moderately priced hotel near the airport, with beyond the basic amnenities.
4	Clean comfortable rooms, size adequate for 2 adults and 2 middle schoolers overnight, while waiting to fly home tomorrow. Adjacent to airport, less than 5 minutes, shuttle runs 24/7 every 30 minutes. Dropped our rental off this afternoon and saved a days rental, shuttled picked me up and back to hotel. Business center provided all we needed to print boarding passes. Breakfast on site and shuttle to airport tomorrow morning.Staff was friendly on check in, provided warm cookies and water, gave us free pass code for wifi, which is normally $10 charge, brought up extra towels on request.Not a vacation resort but excellent location adjacent to airport.On site restaurant provided a tasty dinner served by a efficient and friendly staff.
4	Prompt pickup from the airport. Warm cookie upon checkin. Nice pool area. A great, friendly staff. Super spacious and clean rooms. Good bar food that's reasonably priced. And a free breakfast buffet to top it off. I would definitely stay here again.
1	No free WiFi, you have to go outside to get to elevators and corridors to rooms are outside as well, which is a ridiculously bad idea in Phoenix's 100 degree heat. Trash in corridors as well. Hotel restaurant is poor as well
2	Two words. Smoke everywhere. . The rooms smell like smoke. They leave ash trays everywhere for anyone to smoke.  Everyone smokes outside their rooms. My son who has asthma could hardly play in the pool because everyone smoked right in the pool. . It was  disgusting!
1	They now charge for their Wi-Fi and for some reason I didn't have a shower curtain. When I went to complain the woman at the front desk did not care. She said do you need one now? And I stated I'm checking out why would I would need one now I want to complain. She then gave me a look with attitude and I walked out. I'll never stay here again.
3	When my Fiance and I arrived at the hotel we had a lot of stuff to carry to the room. We saw another group using a bellhop cart and decided to go get one too. When my fiance asked, the guy at the desk said he only had one left and needed to save it incase someone needed it. We thought the guy was joking and laughed and asked where to get it... and in a non-joking way he said you can't use it. We looked in awe at him and he went back to what he was doing..so we left and made a few trips to get our stuff to the room. The neighborhood the hotel is in is very run down and sketchy. I wouldn't advise walking anywhere alone around there.On the plus side, the rooms are a nice size and the bedroom has a door to seperate you from the living room area. We were right next to the ice machine which I thought would be loud, but it wasn't. I wouldn't mind staying here again, but only for a one nighter--not for a long relaxing vacation.
4	The staff are great. Actually the room is well noisy, but the kindness of all staff compensates for any other problem. I received several boxes in the hotel, I was not charged for receiving them at any time and any member of the staff made no comment about it. I really enjoyed all the hotel service and location (except for the noise) is great - very easy access. Recommend without any disorder.
