4	Brea, Maggie, Diane and the whole gang are the best. I've been coming here for years and they always, always have a smile on their face in the morning.  When I visit a Starbucks, I look to see how friendly the folks are and how they handle the pressure if the place is packed.  Starbucks? Packed?  Nan.  Well, yes.  I also look to see if the remember my order from last time.  Well, these baristas rank up there with the best.Nice way to start the day!
5	I like their seating area. It has a nice sized inside area and also a bright outside area that is tucked between a walkway and another store. One of my favorite locations.
5	Super nice baristas and servers.
5	Love the staff here. I don't even drink coffee and I am in there a few times a week.
1	Not that any SBUX is worth going out of your way for, but this one is worth skipping. The service I've experienced each time I've been is pretty dang poor and the drinks always seem quite cold.
4	Conveniently located near where we were staying in North Scottsdale, I have to say that the baristas are uber-friendly and make a mean iced peppermint mocha! So good, I came back every morning until we had to head back home to CA. :)
4	This is my favourite Starbucks for many reasons. It is within walking distance from my house. The staff is always super friendly and always smiling.I also enjoy the new food selections including the bistro boxes, sandwiches and paninis. Another nice feature is the outside seating that extends to under the trees.I just discovered the new Starbucks app on my phone, and like the fact that I can have my Starbucks card on my phone,  with the added features and benefits.
4	I like this coffeehouse  as it is convenient to the house...and a short walk. Friendly baristas for the most part...some are more bubbly than others. Some remember your name, some don't. I look forward to the new pastry menu being rolled out within a few weeks in partnership with the recently acquired La Boulange from the bay area.I love their bistro boxes and the fact that many of their food items including pastries can be warmed up. It is a small store compared to others but they've got everything you need, including newspapers and complimentary wifi.They also have a lovely patio and it is even better when the misters are working.
1	I will never come back here. They couldn't understand how to make a Mocha Frappe with Hazelnut flavor. Once that was finally figured out, I overheard that they had spilled my drink dumping half the contents out. I saw them pick up the cup and used the same cup to remake my drink, when I asked for a new drink in a clean cup, the shift supervisor got huffy about it, angrily grabbed my drink threw it hastily in the trash can and made me a new drink in a clean cup finally. Although they did give me a card that says they were sorry I had a bad experience enjoy a beverage on us, that didn't excuse the bad customer service and possible health violation of serving a drink in a dirty cup. This Starbucks was very packed and very poorly ran. I would expect more out of a place like this and would assume anyone else would have wanted a clean cup as well.
5	Without a doubt this is my favorite coffee spot. Always greeted by a great staff and a great cup of coffee!
5	Great place to network or just talk with friends
4	Another great Starbucks! Man, I'm beginning to think that Starbucks might be a successful company. Weird.My favorite part about this one is it's located in one of those great southwestern-style strip malls that you see all over Arizona. And with that comes those wispy little trees, cactus, sand and sandstone. To sum up, order your favorite coffee, enjoy the lovely mid-October through mid-March beautiful Arizona weather, and relax!
