3	EARLY BIRD CATCHES ?New location on the SW corner of Dobson and Chandler Blvd. Only coffee shop I can find open at 4 AM. that is close. Had coffee here the last three mornings and the coffee ladies are friendly. Drive-thru yes. Patio no. Inside atmosphere sterile but hey, it's open at 4 AM.
4	I only had coffee so my review is on their coffee.  I heard dunkin donuts has good coffee so I had to try it during my visit to AZ.  I tried the iced coffee and it wasn't too good.  I like mickey d's better.  I then tried their latte and it was good.  They are running a special right now till June 20,  99 cent for their small lattes!  The espresso shot in the latte is perfect.  I tried the caramel and it was a little too sweet though but their reg flavored with 1 package of sugar is just right.
3	I've driven by this DD half a dozen times and every time I have an impulse to turn in and get a lahge regulah.  That's a large coffee with 2 cream and 2 sugar for you unfortunate souls that have not lived in the Boston area.  DD rules the Great Northeast.  Near my office back on route 1 in MA (you have to blort the "MA" out like a sheep) you could drive a mile and count not less than 6 Dunkin' locations.I tried DD once since moving to the valley and it was bad.  The coffee, not the donuts,  they were never really good.  So when I tried this one for the first time I was expecting overdone coffee again.  I was not leaving the drive-up until I had tasted the brew.  It was what I have come to expect from DD...fresh, decent coffee, piping hot.It did remind me of my review of DD corporate some time ago:http://www.yelp.com/biz/dunkin-donuts-hq-canton#hrid:fmIIA0EHEpU7FSoEHrioEw/src:self
1	I am a huge fan of DD coffee and donuts. Have been since I was a kid (at least the donut part). For the first time, I tried a different food option other than the donuts, and opted for the Egg White Turkey Sausage Flatbread, but had to have the mainstay of coffee.This flatbread thing was a congealed conglomeration of egg whites, a lot of green specs (guessing that was spinach) and a sparse spattering of little brown cubes (the turkey sausage part of it), all sitting in between over-sized slices of flat stuff. While this may sound appetizing or unappetizing to all of you, it was neither. The freaking thing was tasteless!!! The fact that I had to suck down coffee to moisten this dryness I had in my mouth and gullet was the only thing that gave me an indication that I actually had eaten something.As for service at this location, it was OK. I used the drive-thru, which is uncommon for me, and I had to wait for close to 5 minutes before I was asked about my order. The person did apologize for the wait, but the fact that I waited for that long before someone even acknowledge that I was there was a bit irksome.Based on what I had and the service that I received, I give this joint one star. If it weren't for the usually great, smooth coffee, I would've tried to give a negative star rating in order to warn others of the perils of ordering something outside of the wheelhouse of DD (which are donuts and coffee).
4	I walked to this Dunkin Donuts while waiting for my car to get new tires at Discount Tire a half block away. I wanted an iced coffee and asked what flavors they have:Carmel CinnamonCoconutVanillaToasted AlmondMochaPeppermintBlueberryRaspberryWhite chocolateThat's a lot of flavors. The people who worked there were friendly and "adults" and had more to say than a just a few words... even talked to me as I sat on the patio out front. I think it was during the change of shift as there were 3 employees and 1 left.They have a loyalty card they punch for free coffee.  Ask for one and remember to present it as they don't offer or ask for it. There is also "free coffee" Mondays in March (medium hot or iced) all day at DD in the Valley. There was free coffee Tuesdays in February for teachers. And free coffee Tuesdays in March for Nurses - I just found out.http://www.myfoxphoenix.com/dpp/money/free-dunkin-donuts-coffee-3-7-2010If you fill out an online survey after your visit, your receipt becomes a "free donut" next time with purchase of medium coffee.I just wished they had more healthy food items.  The least fattening I guess is the old fashioned plain cake donut.Iced coffee  - reg. or decaf. with *free flavoring* added upon requestyou have to ask for the flavors as they're not posted anywhere.$1.59 - small (16 oz) .... now 1.69 (Sept 2010)$1.89 - medium (24 oz)   ...now 1.99  "$1.99 - large (32 oz) ... now 2.09         "Also has a drive through window. They seem to have trouble hearing me for some reason and can't seem to understand when I ask for "medium iced coffee with (flavoring) and easy ice".[Update 5-4-10] if you sign up online you can get a free birthday Medium Drink http://news.dunkindonuts.com/Also this web page says 5-11-10 is Free Iced Coffee Day:http://shelikestosave.com/2010/05/dunkin-donuts-free-iced-coffee-may-11th/says 6-4-10 Free Donut Day (with drink purchase)
3	The donuts are better than I could make at home, and the selection is better than I'd ever make at home.  They're just as I'd remembered from my childhood:  a little dry, with more doughy taste vs. sugary taste.  What I don't remember from my childhood is the ASTRONOMICAL price.  I couldn't BELIEVE how much they cost, and it's unlikely that I will ever go back.  I now know why businesses buy donuts:  it's a huge expense that can legally be written-off on their taxes.
4	My first ever DD experience was 10 years ago.  It was a drive from New York to New Jersy.  We stopped at DD and got coffee and donuts and that memory will live with me forever.  Sadly there were no DDs in San Jose, CA.  Instead we got Krispy Kreme.  When I moved to AZ I was happy to find DD.  Ok, so they are not "gourmet donuts and coffee" but it's damn good!  And for a decent price too.  And they have specials every month.  They also have a $1 menu.  Ok, it's .99 cents but I like to round up.  This location is on my way to work. Some days I just NEED coffee.  So I go through the drive thru and I have to say, this drive thru has great service.  They are consistant and it is usually the same two employees working the window so they get to know you.  The manager is on the front lines too.  He sometimes takes the orders.  In fact a few days ago, he took my order and wanted to charge me $19 for a large iced coffee.  We had a good laugh about it when I got to the window.  My order has never been messed up and everything is always fresh, hot if it's supposed to be, and served with a smile.  The coffee is good here and if you keep your reciept, go online and fill out a short survey, you can get a free donut within two days of your last visit.  Starbucks won't do that for you.  Just sayin.......
1	For the most part the staff is very friendly, I've never been inside only thru the drive thru, but there is almost always something wrong with my order. For one thing, they NEVER have chocolate long johns at this location unless you come super early. I mean, I've come at 830 before and they were out. Its to the point that I have to ask every time I pull up whether they have them and their answer 9 times out of 10 is no. Next, I have countless amounts of times received donuts that are not fresh at all. Very hard. Thus, the staff is nice at this location, but the quality of the service/food is crap.
3	Sorry but I have to knock it down a star.  It's not about the product, it's about the customer service.  When I first started coming here there was a lovely woman named Cheryl at the drive thru.  She was always smiling and always said "good morning" in a happy, cheerful manner.  She always had a kind word. Then she was gone.....and they had some younger folks working the window.  There was a young man who was nice but he is seemingly gone now too.  This week I went to get my usual iced coffe and I was feeling like a snack so I got some munchkins, just 1/2 dozen.  I pulled up to the window and a young girl, who has waited on me before, handed me my coffee.  I gave her my card and a minute later she handed me a small bag......like a small bag for french fries, and about three napkins.  I asked for my card, she said it was in the napkins.....huh?  Sure enough she had put the card and receipt in with the napkins.  She never smiled, never said good morning, nothing.  And, frankly, putting my card in with the napkins is unacceptable to me.  Please hand me my card and my receipt separately.  Another time when she was at the window I asked for extra napkins and she gave me a dirty look.  Really?  Where is Cheryl?  Bring back Cheryl or at least someone who is pleasant and has good customer service skills.
4	Jan 3, 2011 - free Hot or Iced Latte (small), and 99c lattes all January http://blogs.evtrib.com/thedeal/2010/12/27/free-lattes-jan-3-at-dunkin-donuts-99-cent-lattes-rest-of-month/"Dunkin' Donuts will help workers kick off the new year with free small hot or iced lattes all day Monday, Jan. 3, 2011.  All of the Valley's 39 locations will participate, and they'll keep the New Year's goodwill going with 99 cent lattes all month."__________________________________________________Aug 23 - 27, 2010  - regular iced or hot coffee 50c http://www.azcentral.com/business/consumer/articles/2010/08/23/20100823chandler-dunkin-donuts-prizes-coffee0825.html
4	I come here every morning(workday) on my way to work. - The gourmet coffee is good for its price than a latte/mocha from starbucks...- I like the service. Usually it's the manager who services me. He is usually  the first person I greet in the morning.- The donuts....- Completing the survey from your receipt gives you a free donut the next day. The area is very secure in the mornings... Usually there are 2-4 cops having coffee/donuts inside....What's with cops and donuts?
4	Dollar for my refill. Can't beat that. Love this place
5	Absolutely addicted to Iced Carmel Lattes!!!!!
5	best coffee, nice employees!
3	It's Dunkin Donuts.  You probably grew up with them.  They don't seem to make their own donuts at this location, though, and the selection is a bit smaller than other locations.  But what they have is pretty good.They also offer a few coffees and teas.  My wife seems to like them, and they are much less expensive than Starbucks!Overall a decent place to grab a few donuts and a coffee or tea.
4	This location of Dunkin Donuts is on my way to work, so I stop in quite frequently. The staff is typically pleasant, with the occasional "bad day" employee which is why I have given them a 4 star instead of 5. The food/product is always consistent and the store is very clean and organized. This location is particularly efficient, with what seems to be an endless client base of corporate-grind people who need their donuts quick and their coffee even faster.The coffee consistently wins awards and has been voted higher than Starbucks. I believe that their coffee is a bit sweeter than it needs to be, but the pricing is a pleasant relief from the shameless gouging of Sbux.
5	Loved the customer service. I wish i would have got the employees name but he went over and beyond on the overall meaning of customer service. I will be returning!
2	I love DD coffee and have been going to this location since we moved to the Valley.  I've had good or so so experience with the staff in the past depends on who you run into behind the counter but this morning was BEYOND BAD.  The store was understaffed with 2 people.  The shelves are empty with very limited selections.  The person over charged me because he didn't understand the promotion they are running.  When I demanded to speak with the manager for a refund, she unwillingly processed the refund in a rude manner.  I was abandoned for 15 minutes waiting for my order that they never even bother to prepare.  At last, I demanded a full refund and walked out.  Wasted 20 minutes of my time with no food or coffee.  The claimed manager was simply rude and didn't even want to give me a return receipt when I demanded one.  As I was walking out, I saw other customers having issues with their order and drinks... Need to find a better DD location with better food/service.
4	This place is very clean. The service isn't fast, but there normally isn't a line so you should be good. Try the Low-Fat blueberry muffin. It is to die for. Download the Dunkin Donuts app to get coupons.
2	I love DD.  I hate this DD.  They're always terribly slow and they run out of something different everyday.  When my wife and I go through this drive thru we jokingly come up with our order and then our backup order while we wait.  More often than not we have to invoke the backup order because they've run out of something common like bagels, plain donuts, or cups.  It's a joke.  Also, I've waited in the drive thru for upwards of 25 minutes before because the staff is slow.  I've also received the wrong food on occassion.  If it wasn't for it's proximity to my workplace I'd never come here.
1	The line here is super long and the drive through is deceiving.  I do enjoy the red velvet munchkins and their sausage breakfast sandwich is definitely eatable.  The problem here is that they get your order wrong nearly every single time.
1	Ok so it's advertised $0.99 coffee yet I get charged regular pice what am I being charged for the sugar too. Employees reak of cigarette smoke. Very unpealing. Who wants to eat a doughnut or drink coffee with a side of smoke. Come on managers have your employees spray something on.
3	Great service at the counter today, very friendly woman and young man, but my order was made wrong, my sandwich was burnt and my hash browns where cold.  Maybe next time...the details are imperative in total customer satisfaction
5	This is my very favorite Dunkin.  The manager and her workers are really friendly and fun!  I feel like other Dunkin locations are less consistent- every time I order the same thing it somehow turns out different. This place is by far the best Dunkin in the valley :).
5	Best Service on the planet. Always friendly and always fresh product. The drive thru  staff are always energetic and thoughtful.
5	Dunkin donuts aren't my favorite donuts, I'm more of a K-Kreme kinda girl but the employees at this store are the best! They truly are the best example of customer service! It's clear that they are a direct example of the manager here who is amazingly friendly, patient and helpful. Armani and Stephanie always make my day!  I've never been anywhere else where every employee is happy and friendly everyday! You're definitely doing something right Lahrona! :)
2	The employees are usually very plesent. However, the drive-thru is hit or miss. You will either be through in 2 minutes or stuck for 25 minutes. I don't suggest taking the drive-thru regularly if you have somewhere to be, like work.  I've gotten stuck more than once and have been late for it taking over 20 minutes.
