4	Love this greasy spoon. The pancakes are light and fluffy and the strawberry syrup actually has little mini strawberries in it, how can you resist??Great for people watching as well.
4	Great service, excellent place to get breakfast at any time of the day
5	I love this place.  it's my comfort food place.  great food, great people, great prices.  breakfast all day, great home food lunch specials.
4	Open 24hrs on Friday and Saturday how can you not love it. Total old school mom and pop diner. Wouldn't recommend anything other than breakfast. On top of everything else it cost nickels and dimes to eat here. After you've blown all your money at a bar in southside you'll still have enough to eat away some of your drunkness on the way home.
2	My first trip here was on a Sunday at 4pm. I was surprised to see I was the only customer. We were met by friendly staff took our choice of seat and gazed at the menu. I wanted a verity so I picked the 2 pancakes, 2 eggs, toast, sausage or bacon.I ordered my eggs scrambled and sausage links. I also ordered home fries and a glass of white milk. I could smell my food cooking as I waited anxiously ( I was starving)My food was ready in about 8 minutes and looked tasty.All in all good bargain and equal food quality I'll give them 2 stars.Like a Pirmantis it would probably be better if I had been drinking.
4	One of my weekly lunch or breakfast place.Good home cooked food and reasonable prices. I would avoid busy times. An Sunday mornings. The staff is limited and cannot handle the full crowd. I never have a problem usually, except today my glass of milk was chunky( turned sour ).Sadly Shirley has passed on and will be missed.
4	If you want good, home cooked food fast and at a reasonable price, this is a great place. Just don't expect good service.
4	Great little dinner. Food is amazing. Price is very inexpensive.  Recommended to everyone I know.
4	I haven't been here in awhile, but I definitely miss it. They do hold slightly odd hours as it is a mom and pop joint and they are definitely more of a breakfast place than anything else. Their omelettes are to die for. I'm also a huge fan of their potatoes for breakfast and especially with their gravy. Yum!My boyfriend is more of a burger person but he loves their burgers and fries. They have a few breakfast specials that are just as awesomeIt is very small. And they do not take reservations to my knowledge. If you go on a Sunday morning you will def be waiting for a table.They never used to accept cards but to my knowledge they recently have begun taking credit cards which is a big plus. This is definitely a mom and pop place you need to try.
