4	About five years ago I took my vehicle to Auto Body World, at the dealership's recommendation, for some extensive body work caused by a house fire.  I was so pleased with the work they had done and impressed by the fact that they warranty their work for as long as you own the vehicle, that when I was involved in a traffic altercation a couple of months ago (thanks to the genius who side-swiped me), I opted to take my car back to ABW.The whole process is pretty smooth.  You turn in your car, they deal with the insurance companies, they call you to pick up the car, you inspect it, pay your deductible, and go.This time, they didn't do a bad job, per se, but they didn't live up to the expectations they had instilled in me from my previous experience with them.  For example, the first time they worked on my vehicle, it had to be towed to their facility (as it was a melted glob of goo) and took about four weeks to repair.  This time, all I needed was a door repair and a bumper and quarter panel replaced and they quoted me 3.5 weeks.  Now, at this time, the other driver's insurance company wasn't contacting me or returning the calls my insurance adjustor was placing to them, so I was having to pay out-of-pocket for the car rental (the portion my carrier wouldn't cover), and of course, Enterprise had just jacked up their rates to take advantage of the snowbirds or spring training followers or whatever, so there was no way I was gonna pay for a rental car for nearly a month!  After some back and forth, it was revealed that the car would probably be ready within two weeks.For the most part, I was satisfied with the work they did on my vehicle.  However, where they had repaired my door (instead of replacing it), I noticed there was a gap that was disproportionate to the gap on the other side of the SUV.  I was probably being nitpicky, but I noticed it, and I didn't appreciate the employee telling me, rather condescendingly, that they had no idea what I was talking about.  I would rather they have said, "Yes, Ms. *insert name here*, I see what you're talking about, but in cases where car doors are repaired and not replaced, our technicians cannot always guarantee symmetry..." or something along those lines.  I'd be more accomadating if I wasn't spoken to like I was an idiot.  Also, upon inspecting the vehicle, I noticed pitting in the paint job.  The employee was, like, "Oh, that's no big deal, I can just take that back and have them buff that out..."  It's, like, if it's "no big deal," then why didn't you have that done before you delivered the car?  It makes me wonder if there aren't other things you're trying to slip by me, y'know?Speaking of trying to slip one by... while I was waiting for my car to be "buffed," I was looking over the invoice.  Admittedly, I didn't understand one word written on there (other than my own name), but I did see a $100.00 charge for towing.  I couldn't understand how that charge was implemented seeing as how I drove my car to their facility, this time.  When the employee returned with my vehicle, I asked about this charge, "What is this $100.00 for towing?""That was for towing the vehicle," they said, again, with an air of condescension."No shi... kidding," I responded.*silence and staring*"Why is it on my bill?" I asked."Because you had the car towed," they stated."No, I didn't," I defended."Are you sure?" They asked."I'm more sure that I didn't have this vehicle towed than I am that you're trying to rip me off for $100.00," I heard this statement escape my lips on its own.So, after "researching" the questionable charge, it was revealed that another employee accidentally added their towing charge to my ticket.  I don't know that I necessarily believe that, but since I can't prove otherwise, I'll go ahead and take that statement at face value.I'm giving this place four stars because I'm averaging my first five-star experience with my most recent three-star ordeal.
2	This facility is close to my house and was referred to me by my car insurance company.  (I was rear ended and needed repairs.)  When I took the car in for my SCHEDULED appointment, they said they were actually overbooked and it would take roughly an hour before they could start on the estimate.  Then, because of the hail storm, they were booking appointments to actually fix non-hail damaged cars 3.5 weeks out!  I chose to leave the car there and pick it up later that evening.  I specifically told them where the damage was - bumper AND rear quarter panel on the driver's side.  I also asked them to call me after my estimate was completed.  I never got a call.  I picked up my car later that evening and saw the estimate, which did not include the damage to the rear quarter panel.  I emailed them at the email address that was HAND WRITTEN on my estimate and have never heard back, which was over a week ago.  Needless to say, I chose to get my car repaired elsewhere.  (To be fair, many auto body shops were also booking three weeks out due to hail, but I found one that was trying to "be smarter" as they put it and fix cars that had more than cosmetic damage.)
1	I was in an accident and also had a back injury.  When I was out and about one day I stopped in to get an estimate on my repairs.  I was told that I had to have an appointment that there was no one available to give me an estimate.  I explained that due to my back injury I really needed to take care of things as my body allowed.  I was again told (even though it was during business hours) that no one there could give me an estimate.I used my cell phone and found another shop very close and drove directly there......WOW what a difference, I was given an estimate within about 10 minutes, they dealt with the insurance company and my complete repair was taken care of in 10 days.  In this economy when time and customer service sets business apart from the rest you would think Auto Body World would be a bit more on top of things!
