5	We were excited to find something new on our side of town that wasn't a chain or fast food. We happened upon it one night while visiting algobertos tacos. The place was unfinished but we found a note on the inside of the door of when it was scheduled to open. We went back the day it was supposed to open but no luck. I checked couple days later but still no luck. I had a funny feeling today and swung by after picking up the little one at school. AT LAST!  It was open! I ran in to grab a to-go menu but unfortunately they hadn't had any printed yet, so I grabbed a business card and said I'd bring the man of the house back later. Ty was delighted when we pulled up to Presto. (shhh don't tell him, it was a secret) He had been dying to try it. He originally thought it would be a build your own type but the Calzones are pre-made. You have the option to eat it there or take and bake. We grabbed two hot ones to eat there ( Italian sausage combo and the pepperoni combo) and she was also gracious enough to offer a take and bake since the flavor I wanted was sold out( the pepperoni and mozzarella) . I couldn't resist trying all three desserts -  spicy zucchini bread, pumpkin cake with cream cheese icing and Apple crumble. She plans on doing desserts based on the season which is A-OK with me. The pepperoni combo was delish. Ingredients include pepperoni, cheese, mushroom, onion, bell pepper and a bit of sauce. The Calzone bread was soft and just the right amount of bread to toppings ratio. All three desserts were to die for. Tasted just like my mom or grandma would have made them. I even had Ty get me two zucchini loafs to go. :0She loves what she does and has many ideas for what she wants to do to keep it unique and delicious. I am looking forward to what the future has in store for Presto Calzone Bakery!
4	Calzones CalzonesNorth West Las Vegas has a new unique family run Calzone bakery that is ready to impress.Located along the cross streets of farm and Cimarron in the small strip mall behind the gas station 7/11.After seeing elite yelpers Ty & Lore checking into this new establishment, my desire for calzones for dinner was too much. Being greeted by a trio of owners I had the sense of an already established mom & pop vibe.After running through the menu of calzones I ended up with the Canadian Bacon with Pineapple and Italian sausage. All were extremely tasty, with the bread seeming fresh. This is hand made calzones, not your frozen late night dinner meals from the grocery store.Also a great range of Italian soda's is also available.When reviewing Presto they had only been open less than a week. But with a little help from the yelp crew I believe this is another quality addition to the area.OverallFood: 5-5Drink: 4-5Service: 5-5Coming back: yes
4	Anyone who lives in the Northwest knows that it's slim pickins for quality food spots. It's even more rare for us to see a new restaurant in the area that isn't a chain or franchise. So, when I saw Presto Calzone Bakery set to open their doors, I'll admit I was a little more than excited.Located in a small center just off Farm & Cimarron, directly next door to Algoberto's, PCB is a family owned and operated "bakery" with an entirely new concept, one that I have personally never seen before. Instead of offering a build your own style, like I originally thought it was, Presto actually offers calzones in two ways. Both are technically pre-made, but you have the option to dine-in with your choice of a warmed and ready to eat calzone...or get one to go as a take and bake style. Home baking time recommended is about 7 minutes, and the owners claim these can be frozen for weeks at a time to bake at a later date as well. When it comes to the calzones themselves, the dough is definitely a huge part of the success. It's baked fresh everyday and has great consistency. If I had any complaints, it's that one of the calzones we ordered had a slightly crispier exterior, most likely due to sitting in the warmer too long. I prefer a softer, more chewy dough, and the other one we had was exactly like that, so I guess that's more of a personal preference thing. As far as fillings go, there's several different choices depending on if you want it there or to take home. We ended up with the Italian Combo and Pepperoni Combo. And although a little light, the ingredients seemed fresh and at only $6, it's a good deal that should satisfy most appetites. One of the most interesting things about PCB is their Italian soda bar. The owners son is a professional bartender/mixologist and has spent hours creating nearly 30 custom flavors. These are completely separate from the bottled & canned sodas in the fridge, and at the time of my visit, a full menu wasn't yet available. I was offered a sample of one flavor called the Southern Seas though, and it was crazy delicious. Keep in mind, this is coming from someone who doesn't drink soda at all. It had several fruits and ginger mixed in making for a very unique flavor that was both refreshing and extremely addicting.For those looking for something sweeter, they're also baking up several different homemade desserts. Being that it was new, of course we had to get one of everything they currently had. We tried the pumpkin pie w/ cream cheese frosting, the zucchini bread and an apple crumble. Both the cake and bread were some of the moistest I've ever had and the apple crumble was like a fresh baked apple pie, just in mini size. With each one ringing in at under $3, it's a steal.After speaking with the owner and her aunt and uncle who were helping that night, we learned that she used to sell her calzones in larger quantities to ski lodges in California. When she came to Vegas, she started serving some of her most popular items, but there's a lot more in the works. Not only just savory items, but she's been working on seasonal and dessert calzones. Personally, I would really like to see a build your own type setup, but currently that's not something being considered. Either way, PCB is a hugely welcome addition to the Northwest and I'm pretty excited to see what's in store, and to see them succeed.
5	I have been waiting for this place to open for a while and was not disappointed. The way it works is calzones are typically pre made and hot and ready as soon as you get there, but can be made fresh and custom with a wait. For 6 bucks a piece the quality and size make it a great deal, one calzone easily feeds an adult. Only thing I regret is the BBQ chicken, it was just as delicious as the all meat, and pepperoni we ordered but it didn't do well dipping in the red sauce which was absurdly delicious.( it is a dollar extra but worth it, and is enough for a few calzones) I found myself trying to rip the edges with no BBQ sauce off just to dip in the sauce
5	Very unique, friendly staff, awesome food, not greasy at all. And the sodas do not contain high fructose corn syrup! Thats a win in my book! Definitely going back!
5	Centennial Hills AKA Anonymous Hills is pretty much a gastronomic wasteland for the folks who  live out here. Considering the large numbers living in the area it's too bad that the locals are incapable of supporting many quality food venues. PRESTO just landed out here and is an excellent choice. While the offering at least for the moment is limited to Calzones and some baked goodies its quality not quantity that counts. This storefront deserves you support. The service and friendliness is excellent. The calzones, freshly prepared are abolutely delicious. Open less than a  month, the owner told me that they plan on adding salads as well as soups soon.For those who like sodas, there are a jillion bottled(no cans) choices, all from Italy.TRY IT, YOU'LL LOVE IT.
5	I've had this placed bookmarked for awhile and finally had the chance to try Presto Calzone Bakery out. Items tried and liked: Spinach Calzone (light & fresh tasting), Watermelon and Strawberry Italian Soda, Pumpkin Cake with Cream Cheese Frosting and Oatmeal Scotchies. Everything was so delicious! You can definitely feel the love & dedication In their food. Shop is cute, clean & quaint. Service was excellent.  A new favorite for my daughter and I.
4	This place is a true mom & pop, so get out there and support them!  The calzones were tasty with a good selection available on deck.  I got the "Combo" which was like a meat lovers with some token veggies in there, loved it.  My girlfriend had a white sauce/spinach/mushroom deal, she polished that off quickly.  Prices were very reasonable and there is a unique selection of sodas/drinks.  There's also a bakery/dessert rack at the entrance, so of course we got some of those to go on the way out.  Too stuffed to eat dessert right away.  If I could do it again, I would order the extra calzone sauce to dip for a $1.  Looks like they're just getting off the ground, but I wish they had some music, and maybe a few more decorations on the walls.  Overall the place is clean and well kept, and they delivered on the food so it's all good!
4	Heard about this place from a friend and happy that I was able to try it out. Owners/staff super friendly and made it a personalized experience. Happy to see that there was a veggie option on menu. Tried the spinach and mushroom calzone with a white sauce and it was delicious. Definitely had the homemade touch which is nice to find!  A must try!!
5	A quick trip to pick up a burrito lead me to Presto and an amazing sausage combo calzone next door instead. Great food at a reasonable price, friendly people and cool vibe.
5	Presto was brought to my attention by my son.  As an Elite Yelper, Ty has traveled the foodie superhighway with a turbocharged appetite.  He's been there and done that. And then done it again.  Being that we have similar tastes, I trust his judgement so I was excited to give Presto a try.  However, I'd forgone writing this review after my first visit and have since returned to Presto on multiple occasions.  I've been in Vegas almost my entire life, so I know what customer service was like in this town 25 years ago, and I know what customer service has become today.  Presto shines like a beacon in the night in the nutritionally desolate Northwest, a testament to superb service and extraordinary eats.Fresh baked, made-from-scratch calzones, tasty sweets and refreshing, hand crafted Italian sodas are the staples of the menu.  Don't worry if you don't get to try them all on your first visit.  You'll definitely be back.The calzones are flavorful, robust, and completely satisfying.  The dough is the perfect combination of crispy and chewy.  There is no skimping on the fillings, and the ingredients are very obviously fresh and never frozen.  I would highly recommend the Combo; a delicious mix of veggies and meats packed tightly in a little pocket of bready heaven.  Spring for the marinara and ranch dipping sauces as well, you won't regret it.The sweets, like the calzones, are also made fresh.  Seasonal cookies, cakes and sweet breads are the common fare, and they are as delicious as they look.  The pumpkin cake with cream cheese frosting is my personal favorite; I'll be sad when those disappear after the holidays.Presto has a smaller dinning room with just a few tables and chairs, but the place is consistently spotless.  The layout has changed a couple of times since my first visit, but that is to be expected with a new business.  The staff, like the food, is far superior to what we have grown accustomed to in Vegas.  Everyone I have had interaction with at Presto has been professional, courteous, and has treated me as if I was their best customer.  Genuine smiles, helpful suggestions about the menu, and every request met without hesitation is only part of the reason that Presto is quickly climbing the charts as one of my favorite places to eat.Stop by, pick up a calzone, a cookie, and a soda.  You'll thank me for it.  Just like I thanked my son.
3	Cute little shoppe with a limited menu.  Their Calzones are "West Coast" style which includes using better ingredients which is great, but without ricotta cheese is it really a  calzone?  Nice selection  of bottled fancy sodas and they also offer 30 flavors of syrup to make their own soda if you are up for something different.
3	I hate to be the Debbie Downer raining on this parade, but I don't understand the hype surrounding Presto's. The bakery itself is small and bare. There's only 3 tables and a few bar stools inside. I think they're striving to be more to-go based than be a dine-in restaurant (especially with the roll out of their take-home pizza menu). Presto's was freezing. The bubbly employee apologized and explained that the heater was broken. After ordering our food, two men stood next to our table discussing the heater problem and fire alarm implications. Kind of awkard. As mentioned before in another review, the menu is limited, although it is expanding. Calzones are $6. There's only 2 vegetarian options: 1) a plain 'ol cheese and marinara calzone; 2) the garlic and parmesan calzone, which is filled with mushrooms, spinach, cheese, and white sauce. I wasn't ecstatic with my options, but I went with option #2. I added a side of marinara for an extra buck. It took about 20 minutes to get our order. BTW we were the only ones there. As least we got to sip on the best Italian soda ever while we waited. Seriously, Presto's custom made Italian soda deserves a beverage award. The soda was the highlight of our visit. $2 is a bargain for a cup of Presto's magical  soda. And there's 30 flavors to choose from! I went with lime - I'd definitely recommend it.But I digress. You can't visit a calzone bakery just for the soda. The calzones are small, but for $6, you have to assume they're going to be small. My garlic parmesan calzone was alright, not epic but not horrible either. My favorite part was the crust. To my dismay, there was just the slightest bit of onions in the calzone. There was no mention of onions on the menu, so I didn't expect there to be any in my calzone. Those little crunchy clear bastard onions are the bane of my existence!!Still hungry, the Mister and I started working on the German chocolate cake we had ordered ($3). The coconut frosting on top lacked the ooey gooey factor and the cake was dry. I wish it was sweeter too. Ugh. We ate about half of it, and called it quits (and it wasn't because we were full!). Here's the short and simple version :Atmosphere : 2Italian soda : 5+Customer service : 4Garlic parmesan calzone : 3.5German chocolate cake : 1Worth a return visit? Probably not, at least for now. What would make me like Presto's better? A calzone more enticing to vegetarians. Like one with olives, bell peppers, mushrooms, lots of cheese, and marinara sauce.  Basically more veggies. Also, a more decorated and exciting layout would help. With color.YELP 100 CHALLENGE 2015: #01
