2	What Waterloo needs most is decent restaurants.Mongolian Grill is not helping this issue. The premise behind Mongolian grill is that you pick out your ingredients/sauces and pass then to a "chef" who operates a teppanyaki of some sorts. There is a large selection of ingredients and sauces to choose from. However, most of the ingredients are lacking in freshness. Going to Mongolian Grill is usually hit or miss depending on the freshness of the ingredients of that day and the chef's competence at the grill. Overall I would avoid Mongolian Grill.
3	I agree with Nokolaos. The food here is sub par. Good for customization if you have a group of people with some fussy eaters, but overall, lacking in pizzaz. In addition to freshness issues, I find the Mongolian lacking in flavor. The sauces for example don't really add much to the stirfry and unless i drown my food in them, I can barely taste them.
2	The best part about this place is the fact that it can accomodate groups and that I have had some great times here with great friends. If you're looking for good food with flavour, skip this place. It is way overpriced. They are closing in on $20 for the all-you-can-eat stir fry. It lacks flavour, despite the fact that they offer a large selection of sauces to season your dish. The patio here is nice and the beer is pretty cheap. It certainly caters to the university crowd. I`ll likely be back, against my better judgement, only for great times with friends though, and I just might skip the food.
2	I love Mongolian Barbeque in general, but I don't like it that the meat here is all messy and raw at the buffet.  It should be sliced thin and frozen to avoid the sloppy mess.BTW, you can find the Region of Waterloo health inspector's report of this business at http://regweb.region.waterloo.on.ca/foodinspectioniCreateSite.nsf/aaShowDetails?openagent&pid=F1DEAA81-8826-4D3C-87D3-A14F78E1AEC5
3	Some of the items are hit and miss but overall not bad. I didn't really like the sausage but its all you can it, so if you get a miss just try again. I like all the varieties of sauces and herbs so you can make your dish unique and just the way you like it. It's a bit tricky knowing what herbs go with what but there are a few recipes you can follow if you want some guidance.
3	I thought they way you get your ingredients, especially at the meat section was messy and unorganized. I liked how they had a lot of selections of sauces that you can try. I also thought it was a little overpriced for only getting main course food with no dessert section.
1	Had a horrible experience there last night. When we arrived at 6:30, we were told they were running out of beef, chicken, and sausage. Since we only planned to have a bowl each, it was fine for us. We had never been there for dinner so didn't know that you had to do the all you can eat option for dinner since our waitress took our menus away within a minute of sitting down, not even asking if we were going to order off the menu. When we got to the ingredient area, we noticed there was no seafood either. The sauces we wanted to use were all gone. Then near the end, after finding out it was all you can only, our waitress started clearing our table and took our bowls away and the tortillas without asking if we were finished. When I mentioned we weren't done, she apologized along with an excuse for why she did it, assuming we were done. After about 5 minutes, she told us tortillas were out so plan accordingly. When I wanted to speak to a manager he was not available (out buying tortillas). Basically we paid $40 for 3 bowls of crap. Waitress did apologize that they didn't have anything that night and offered another excuse of why that was the case. Tip - never apologize and follow it up with an excuse. Used to love going here in my university days but will never return again.
