5	The food is great here, for a price.  Though if you look hard enough, you can find a decent priced meal.  I came for a holiday meal with some friends this past weekend.  There are many new restaurants and businesses in the area, so it was fairly packed (not to mention all of the out-of-towners for the bowl games).As usual the soft pretzel appetizer was amazing, a double order for the 5 of us was sufficient.  I got the BBQ chicken sandwich (which was about $10).  It was well worth it on delicious tomato/cheesy bread that was roughly the size of a frisbee.  Though we were all stuffed, we splurged on the "I Declaire" Eclaire dessert.  It was a good choice to split among the 5 of us, though there was still some left over at the end it was not due to taste but due to limitations of the human body...
4	Nice atmosphere and pretty decent food.  The place was packed and we opted to sit at one of the booths surrounding the bar.  We still got very good service, though our server was clearly overmatched by the throngs.  Nonetheless, she was very attentive and probably earned this place its fourth star.  I sampled a couple of pints of their house hefeweizen and really enjoyed it.We skipped appetizers and I went for a simple house salad and then had an 8 oz. filet entree.  The salad was good and the ranch dressing was mixed in nicely.  The filet was the best part of the meal (real shocker there, eh?), perfectly cooked to medium-rare and topped with an herb butter.  I got the Loaded Baked Potato side and it was not very "loaded."  We took home some tremendously huge piece of chocolate cake and ate it later.  It was ok.Again, three stars for the food and a bonus star for our server and the overall experience.
4	Three words: Lemon Bar BruleeA few more words: Red Velvet Cupcake with Bourbon Chocolate SauceFor the most part, if you've been to one CJ, you've been to them all.  The only exception I know is the ones in the Seattle area have a "Produce Bar" for about $10-$12 which is the mother of all salad bars as far as regular non-buffet restaurants go.The portions are gargantuan and I often find solace in the half portions where available and the appetizer salad and soup combo which is still a big portion but is a little easier on the purse.  The food is always good, home-style fare and I've never had a problem with service.  The bar area is nice and has many TVs strategically placed for the avid sports fan.  You really have to stake it out when it's busy and be prepared to steal tables from people.  They don't seat you in the bar, so every spot is up for the taking.The desserts are really where it is at for me.  They smartened up and now have two dessert sections: individual desserts and desserts to share.  This is a plus b/c so many of their menu items could feed a small family, so now you can order appropriately.  My soon-to-be mother-in-law ordered the eclair once and luckily the waitress told her it was big enough for everyone at the table.  That would have been a very big eclair for a very little lady.  Anyway...  The red velvet cupcake with chocolate bourbon sauce is a fantastic individual dessert.  My all-time favorite is the lemon bar brulee which consists of a shortbread crust, layer of cheesecake, layer of lemon bar, bruleed on the top and served with whipped cream and raspberry sauce.  It's on the desserts to share list, but I get it for myself and enjoy it for a day or two.  I encourage you to do the same.
4	I'd give them a solid "we'd go back" The pot pie was very good, the salad was a bit above avg.  The service and staff were polite and helpful.  Kids meals were good, they were all full by the time we left.  We went on a Tue night for my birthday and still had to wait about 15 minutes.  Suggest hitting them before rush hour, as I expect on weekends in the west valley they are busy.
4	I LOVE this place!! Try the asian pear salad with gorgonzola and candied walnuts. Truly divine.
5	Claim Jumper continues to be my all-round favourite restaurant in the US. First time I ate at one in California I was blown away by the portion size (so big that they were serving apples on the plates) and also by the taste of the food. Their prime rib is absolutely delicious, and second favourite of mine is the rotisserie chicken - especially with their barbecue sauce. In fact, if you get any steak there, get that BBQ sauce and slather it on - it's wonderful.Varied menu, giant portions, reasonable price, consistently excellent service, giant tables available (they're usually spacious as hell inside), lunchtime portions, and the biggest desserts I've ever seen in my life. No exaggeration, the "I Declair" custard eclair is literally more than enough for four people and about the size of a loaf of bread. And the amount of drinks they have almost defies belief, although I'm not a mega-alcoholic I find myself continually shaking my head every time I look at their drink list.They do call-ahead seating as well. For most locations, including this one, it's probably a good idea to take advantage of that as Claim Jumpers are often packed on Fridays and Saturdays.Meal highlights: Prime Rib, Nachos (one serving is enough for FOUR people), Rotisserie Chicken and possibly the most delicious appetizer on the planet, Cheese Potatocakes.Really, this place just craps on everywhere else. If I was ever on death row, I'd have my last meal ordered from this restaurant hands down. I'd give them ten stars if I could.
4	While house sitting in Avondale, I decided to hit Yelp for a recommendation on a good dinner spot for my best friend and I and we ended up at Claim Jumper.  (What kind of a name is Claim Jumper anyway?) I had never heard of it but I guess she had been to the one in Chicago and loved it.  We went for a late dinner on a Saturday night and had absolutely no problem getting a table.  Great service and nice atmosphere made for a great evening!  We started with the artichoke appetizer which I absolutely loved and found very different.  The artichoke was grilled and sliced and served with a delicious tomato topping.  For dinner I had the seared scallop salad and Ashley M. had the slider trio.  At the end of the meal we were both satisfied as we drooled over the desert menu but decided we were simply too stuffed.  Based on the review of Kym S., we may have missed out on glory but that just means I will have to return!Next to the hostess stand there is a big barrel of apples.  Is it stealing if I took an apple on my way out?  woops...
4	Those jumbo shrimp taquitos are still on my mind...very good.
4	Initially lost on entry. CJ = hearth on the way in, it's absence made me wonder just how much damage the noon sun had wraught but nope It's just not there. The first  server didn't know about the drinks available, no asian beers present, but specifically  was unable to get a pear cider in bottles until we'd proved it, would have been easier to have asked the bar person, oh hell she was the bar tender but I like a game of search the menu when parched. Makes the prize so much more rewarding. Server change:)Sabrina was great, a non corporate personality in a chain ( tis a good thing) even during my head-addled minds attempt to get through the appearance of an item on the menu being claimed to be "happy hour only" Sorry I wanted  6 wings, not 12,  hard enough to lose weight, yeah why go to Claim Jumpers then,  damn you caught me. ( I was cheating ok?)   We had a light, for CJ, meal and it all came out well cooked and on time. Drinks stayed filled.  I stopped going to these a while back because the self control  didn't match their offer I'm happy to say that they are making it a bit easier ( though not by much ) to leave without two bags of food under your arm while your spouse wheels you out to the car.
2	I have been to Claim Jumper in CA.  They have been great!  The one in Avondale is just ok, I have been coming back a few times and it still has not changed my mind.  The service has been just so-so.  One time my chicken was served under cooked.  I do not know if I will return.  I still love in Claim Jumper in Deer Valley.
3	Completely absurd portions... I thought I was going to have a heart attack from the mountains of food.. food was pretty ok!  Kind of a goofy half joke place.  Neat tall cakes.
4	I came in about hour before closing time to Claim Jumper. All I truly wanted after a day of mall shopping was good customer service and I received it. Artichoke appetizer came out cold, Bam. Server took it back, fixed it. Took it off my bill as well. This guy got everything we needed, when we wanted it and I just loved it. I highly recommend Danny as the server to request, and yes I left him a close to 50% tip. Excellent service. I called up to tell his manager as I wrote my review.
3	I have never been to a Claim Jumper before, and didnt know what to expect. My wife and I had been driving by this place since it opened, and we decided to try it out last night.Their motto has got to be "go big or go home" when you visit this place.This chain is the absolute epitomy of american waste with food. This is exactly why America is fat because of places like this. The portions are of extreme size, and Im sure some championship eaters couldnt take down the "Ore Cart". Would you like some ribs with a side of pig and chicken? No thanks! However, I had their Pot Pie and it was one of the best I have had. I really enjoyed eating it, but I couldnt help to think about how many calories this thing was.. according to the online menu its 2200 calories, and 1400mg of sodium. My wife had the goldrush chicken which is sorta like a chicken marsala but with madera instead. It too comes in at 2000 calories, and 3000mg of Sodium!!! (Ill bet she will be retaining water today!) Its not that I usually think about how much calorie intake I am taking in during dinner (actually never until now), I just couldnt help to think about it when we saw the extreme proportions that were coming out of the kitchen. We asked about dessert just out of curiosity sakes because we saw some 7 layer "motherload" cake someone ordered (for themself). We asked if they had any kind of sampler since they were all so huge. Indeed they do, its the Eureka Sampler for 15$ with about 5 different deserts on it. We didnt go for it, but we were told it would feed a large party just fine. Their heffewizen beer was actually pretty tastey I thought.Pricing wasnt bad, two entree's and 1 alcoholic drink each with tip came to $50. I will definately visit again, but Ill make sure not to eat all day before going.
1	Beware when you visit any Claim Jumper - the drinks are an absolute rip-off!! I ordered a drink & not only was the glass small, but it was only half-full! And for $9.00 a pop - not worth it. We brought it to the bartender's attention (a young guy, didn't get his name) & he got all defensive & said "I measured it like I'm supposed to". We then spoke to the mgr. Sara, who was very condescending & absolutely no help at all.  Yes, their portions are large, but full of fat, calories, sugar, etc.! All of the employees have an attitude, even after we've gone there several times - we are not treated like "regulars". Poor management - terrible experience - last time.......
4	Portions were massive, the food was great. What made this restaurant experience stand out was Eric, our server. He was fantastic! Really friendly, helpful, funny, and knowledgeable.
2	It's too expensive for just okay food. I had a steak last time and for the price, I could have had a better steak at Black Angus or surf and turf at Red Lobster.
3	Great food. Service is excellent. Highly recommend it.
3	We have eaten at several Claim Jumper locations. This one is average. Service was ok, another waiter kept helping us because our waitress, Amanda, was busy in the back... Break?? So when the waiter, still not Amanda, brought out our food he marveled at how excessively large our portions were, compared to the normally excessively large portions, tonight's portion seemed obscenely excessively large, and truly worthy of pointing out. HOWEVER, the portions were not really obscenely excessively large... We ordered the Country Fried Steak as we always do. In reality these were thinnest steaks I have ever seen served as a steak. These could've been on a steak sandwich they were so thin. In fact if you added together the top an bottom breading, the breading was thicker than the meat inside. The portion of the potatoes was not as large as they normally are. All in all we would go back to Claim Jumper. But we were disappointed with this meal.
3	I usually never venture out to Avondale, but my friends dragged me to Claim Jumper last night.  First off, the restaurant is massive and very wooden.  It felt like a fancy cafeteria with a few sprinklings of Gold Rush era flair.  Our server was attentive, but a bit nervous.  The menu was unwielding.  My friend and I split the zucchini spears which were panko breaded.  I liked them, but wished the spears were thinner and the ranch dipping sauce was thicker.  For dinner, I enjoyed the meatloaf sandwich.  It was stellar.  Melted cheese, bbq sauce, aioli, and buttery grilled bread.  Overall, my experience was good, but not a 20 minute drive good.  If you live in Avondale or close by, then definitely check this place out.
3	Going to go 50/50 with this one.  We always try a place twice if it shows potential.  We didn't like the food the first time we went... super large portions of tasteless stuff on a plate.   The 2nd time around... the food was much better and the service was great.  We will go back for a 3rd trip in the near future....to split a meal... the portions are way over the top.Nice clean environment... not a bad place to eat.
2	The atmosphere was nice. The potato soup was yummy. Decent service. After that everything else stinks. Over priced bland food.
4	Widow maker burger is good.  bring your appetite, very large portions.  save room for mother load cake, it is the best thing on the menu.
3	Best kids menu in town, hands down. Fantastic appetizers as well. The entree's my wife and I had were less than satisfactory however. We had the fish and chips, which turned out to basically be a huge pile of greasy crap on a plate. Next time we're ordering apps for dinner. Service was great.
2	It's been a very long time since I visited Claim Jumper, so we were excited to head over on Saturday.  We left disappointed though, the food was par at best and the service was slightly below par.  We had an eclectic dinner for my mom's birthday, I had the Margareta pizza which was alright, but I've certainly had better.  My mom had the macadamia nut mahi mahi and it was alright, the grilled veggies were so soaked in better or oil that they were almost uneatable.  I'm of the belief that if you have quality produce you don't need to soak them in butter after grilling and before serving.  My husband had the whiskey apple glazed chicken which was actually the best of our dinners but not over the top delicious just alright.  Skinny ritas are not to be missed, hands down the best part of our meal, skip the lemon drop though.  Also just a note for the bartender, I had the first cosmo I'd had in a while (just sounded yummy) and it was full of tiny pieces of lime, like lime pulp it was terrible.  At $9 I shouldn't have to strain my own cocktail.  We also order a piece of the huge chocolate cake for dessert (to take home) after a few hours we split it up, it's all sugar and no chocolate it seems.  We honestly threw most of it away.Personally our money would have been spent better elsewhere and that's where it will be spent next time.
1	Atrocious. Consider the price point. Dollar for dollar, dining out just can't get any worse than this. Grease laden, obscenely over salted franchise food for twice the amount of money of your standard franchise restaurant.  The service? Poorly trained staff that has no idea what to do if a customer can't stomach the glop that just came out of the kitchen. Why are bread plates on the table if you don't serve bread with the meal. How on earth do you get off charging $7.50 for a short shot of Jack, $6.25 for fake Guinness, and $8.50 for diluted Citron. This place offers nothing to get me back in there again. It is awful and expensive. Oh, and one last suggestion to our server last night. If any part of a dinner entree is categorically inedible, take the WHOLE plate back to the kitchen and let the cook try to repair it. Don't break up the dish onto those little unusable bread plates and don't return with the same crap that you left with.
3	Good food. Ok service. Expected a little better for the price but I will go back sometime. Give it a try.
2	used to be 4-5 stars but now that they are owned by Landry Restaurants-who redid the menu-it just not the same.The vibe and expansive menu has been hacked. Landry Management reevaluated the menu and decided the menu was too diverse and many favorites are gone from the menu.Also, the care and cutesie-ness are gone and you can tell they have gone corporate. No more fun here and the changes are not for the better, Our meal was good, but not like before. Previously there was fresher, hot food made with care versus a production line ala detroit. Sorry, we won't be back because we miss OUR Claim Jumper
3	Claim Jumpers was a very good franchise back in the day! And they still have a few items on their menu loved very much in our family. But overall Claim Jumpers has lost their IT factor!!! They are no longer the place to go. They have very large portions, but you do have to pay for it!!! I would like to say, Claim Jumpers is the restaurant that started the large portion craze!! The only differences now, is other franchise do not over charge you for the large portions. Anyway, again! I have written a review for this location before! Again it has been lost in the YELP ZONE!!! But I would love to write another review!!! Family and I stopped of here when we were here looking for a house. There was nothing different about this place then any other Claim Jumper! Service was decent, food was good, never had any problem. I have always enjoyed their chicken fried steak! And their chocolate eclairs! Each person does not need to order their own food! If you have anyone that would like to share that would be you best choice. That includes dessert! Yes I would come back here, but no I would not make this an occasional thing. Cost to much, and there are better choices!
2	My wife and I ate here almost monthly at least.  A brief time away and on our first return visit our the portions significantly smaller and with a very different mix of ingredients.  And I am only talking about what used to their Cobb Salad.  We have eaten many times to never be disappointed.  This time, I suspect, will be our last. Ruby Tuesday's just down the road is a much better deal with their salad bar.  At CJ we even asked to speak with the manager to express our disappointment.  We were told he was busy in the kitchen....enough said.
1	The last time we went to this Claim Jumper, we were interrupted during an intimate conversation by the server, who went into an annoying and lengthy sales pitch about CJ gift cards. Who wants to have to sit through that while trying to have a nice quiet meal?We overlooked that today and went back, and guess what? The server balked when I ordered fish tacos and asked for the seasoned fries as one of the choices for side. She told us that even though the tacos are listed on the menu under the Sandwiches category, which lists several choices of side dishes that automatically come with the order, the fish tacos aren't included in that option. What? There is NO disclaimer on the menu that says "...except for the fish tacos." Then when I insisted (because the menu specifically SAYS side dishes come with the items on the list, DUH!) she pointed out that rice pilaf comes with the tacos, so would I like to omit the pilaf in favor of the fries? What is she, the Carbohydrate Police? No, I would not like to substitute fries for the pilaf. I want both of them just like the menu indicates. I like both rice and fries, thankyouverymuch. Then she said she'd send the manager over to talk to me. Fine, send him. He arrived, squatted down next to our booth, and proceeded to examine the menu for errors. Nope. The menu is clearly misleading, and I was clearly entitled to the fries with my tacos if I so desired. He left and twenty minutes later our meal was served. Strike number three, the corn tortillas on the fish tacos were so tough that my husband could only eat one of his tacos and I had to discard the tortillas and eat the fish filling with a fork. We brought home leftovers for the dog and cats, meanwhile vowing to NEVER EVER go back to Claim Jumper again. Why go to Claim Jumper anyway, when you can just go to the freezer section of your local supermarket and buy CJ products, and save both money and aggravation?
3	We ate Saturday around 4 and were seated immediately, service was very good and he waitress was awesome, even teaching my wife how to eat an artichoke.The restaurant was clean and presentable and the hostesses greeted us entering and leaving.A little on the expensive side, but they did have reasonable dishes as long as you stay away from steak/lobster menu.  We had gift cards for $90 and still spent another $60 with Tip(20% $25)......this included:3 ($9) drinks, tri-tip slider appetizer ($6.99), artichoke appetizer ($9), Ribeye and Lobster meal ($50) with mushrooms ($2.99)  and Tri-Tip and Shrimp Meal (21.99).  I didn't find any of the dishes overly greasy or salty. The tri-tip was very good and the sliders had a hint of Poblano that was great.  My rib eye was one of the best I've had, but the Lobster I added on for $21.99 was tough and had no flavor.  we didn't send it back, I shouldn't have to for a $50 meal.  A great dinner, but not one I would pay for out of my own account...thank god for gift cards:)
3	Went for lunch there  today....Very disappointed in the waitress We had had one bite of our sanwich and she came by to see how things were NEVER came back the" thai slaw" was awful..When we told her she offered a replacement of some thing but by then our sandwiches were gone..It took 35 minutes to get a sandwich !!! Price point way too high.We will not return...
5	Chicken pot pies are the best here!  Lunch is served fast. Great for a quick business meeting over lunch with big tables and room to spread out.
3	Sometimes their food is beyond excellent and other times it's horrible. Being there during the day vs a busy night seems to make no difference what so ever! There are a select few really good servers here, a couple have become good friends, but there are also some really bad servers as well. Sadly, there's no in between, they're just good or bad!
4	We don't come here too often, but my BF absolutely loves their chocolate cake.We had dinner last Saturday, and as usual, the service was great, the food very tasty and the portions huge as always.The only difference was that I left my credit card by mistake; when I called to ask if I indeed had left it there, the manager confirmed it and assured me that it was being held in their safe. I had no issues with any 'funny' charges and they returned safe and sound.I really appreciated that :)
1	We arrived just as the restaurant opened at 11am on Saturday. Appetizer took longer than anticipated. Food runner said that the first batch didn't come out too good so they made them over. That wouldn't have been such an issue, however, we started seeing others that arrived well after us be seated and start to receive their meals even thought they ordered after us. Mozzarella sticks were good nonetheless.Lunch for 3 adults & 3 kids took extremely long. At 11:50, we still hadn't received our meals. I requested the hostess to check on our meal and minutes later, she actually started to bring our meals out. Meals came out two at a time. Manager came by and checked on us and said that they were dealing with a training issue. My meal came two minutes after everyone else at the table received theirs.  Manager again mentioned a training issue. My pasta had tomatoes in it...one was bright red and one was virtually black. Server never acknowledged the tardiness or our disappointment. Later, the manager came by and asked if we were going to have dessert and we declined due to needing to get to the airport. Nothing was taken off the bill. We paid $80 for lunch that was good at best, but service and explanation was terrible. Being in the hospitality industry, I still gave a gratuity to the server.  In hind-sight, I shouldn't have due to the lack of consideration and the poor excuse the manager gave me in response to why our food took so long. Other patrons came in and seemed to receive their meals in a somewhat of a timely fashion.  I asked the server to show the manager the two tomatoes I put to the side and asked them to train the staff on consistency with that as well.  Food was okay other than the tomatoes, but the rest of the experience was less than desirable.  Definitely not worth coming back to the Avondale store. I like Claim Jumpers, but will definitely seek another store to dine at versus Avondale. Jamie H.
1	Been here a couple times, never by choice. I can't really knock the service too badly as they don't seem any better or worse than any other chain on a busy night, but the food is just not very good. It's also pretty expensive for what you get. I always leave feeling like I would have been better off going somewhere else and either paying less for the same kind of food, or paying the same for way better food. I avoid this restaurant at all costs.
3	$3 blue moon on happy hour, Jamaican jerk chicken on top of a sweet potato and a huge corn bread muffin? Score!!!! I was here for my niece's graduation dinner and it was busy as all get out. We even had a reservation and still had to wait as it seemed like everyone wanted to come here after graduation. It took a minute to get drinks or even a server, but once we got that squared away, everything else was pretty decent.  If I am in the area, I may stop in for a happy hour but the chances of me driving all away to Avondale are to visit this place are slim.
3	Wow....this place has changed a lot in the past 8 years.  No longer have the garlic mashed potatoes, use to get the Cobb salad and now it is half the size but more for the money, it seems the portions have gotten smaller and the prices of everything has gone up and the menu options have grown.  There is now pizza on the menu, it would take at least 20 mins to read the menu and that means you are going to be waiting another 20 more mins for an appetizer and then 20 mins for your meal. That is to long to wait for food and plus the time you had to wait for a table.
3	Good salad but it took way too long to get our meal.
4	bleu cheese butter on my rib eye steak?? YES PLEASE!!! quick service and great food...the prices are on the high side but its high end food...
3	Food was ok, but nothing too exciting.  My wife had their try-tip sandwich which she would a 3 out of 5 score.  I had the meatloaf dinner, which I would rate slightly better than a 3.  On the side, the mashed potatoes were very good however the grilled veggies were overdone.
1	Went in on a Sunday afternoon for dinner. The place wasn't busy at all; we sat at the bar. After being handed menus, 3 waiters, including the bartender never took our order. After sitting for over 10 minutes without one person taking our drink order, a couple walked in and the bartender immediately made conversation and got their drinks. They must be regulars because he knew what they wanted to drink. We got up afterwards and left as waiters were gathered talking amongst themselves and didnt seem to care that customers were leaving. We drove across the parking lot to Islands Burgers and was seated, served and had our order put in within 8 minutes.
4	How I wish I could give this place a 5 star review for their happy hour!  More on that later!Our grade level team decided to venture to CJ for our holiday happy hour. (Prices are from $2.00-$7.00) Super glad we did!  Their Happy Hour menu is phenomenal!  Choices ranging from the typical happy hour fare of wings and things...but Irish Nachos?  Yes...shoestring fries topped with cheese and bacon! Mouthwatering and finger-licking good! Their calamari is superb!  It is not your typical tentacle and ring type cuts, this is cut from the true meat of the calamari (steak similar to the calamari steak sandwich at Hula's!)  Now...(Please stay seated until the entirety of this review is read because I have a feeling some of you may run to CJ after this)  Fried.  Mac. And.  Cheese.  Yes. I said Fried.  Mac.  And.  Cheese.  It's like a wedge of mac and cheese dipped into this super crispy crust like wrapping and deep fried served with this tangy spicy sauce thing.  I refuse to learn the nutritional facts of this decadence in a wedge, because I probably wouldn't ever eat it again...but it's DELICIOUS!  I also had the shrimp ceviche and they give you WAY more chips than you need...and not enough of the shrimp ceviche.  It's very tasty and very meaty...they don't skimp on that, but the portion could have been a bit more as I was craving it still. As for the drinks...great prices on beer and cocktails...again ranging from $3-$6Now for the reason I won't give 5 stars...they don't have seating inside the bar for a party greater than 4.  We had to sit at 2 separate tables which ended up being okay.  Here it is.  Our server.  She complained to the hostess that she wasn't even supposed to be our server right off the bat...and in front of us.  THEN...we are a funny bunch, I mean we are in a room with 20-30 9 and 10 yr olds all day so get us around adults and we let loose.  However, she wasn't amused...at all.  She wouldn't crack a smile.  She just stood there impatiently trying to force us to order.  Don't get me wrong, we weren't being rude to her, we were just being funny and it wasn't anything abnormal or inappropriate.  She just wasn't having it.  When we mentioned we needed separate checks, of course she mumbled and we could tell she wasn't happy.  We asked nicely.  Anywhooo...the food is great, the prices are perfect for Happy Hour...but next time, I hope our server is as goofy and as fun as we are...or at least is tolerant of us!  ;-)
4	In order to celebrate the holidays (and enjoy some well-deserved drinks!), myself and the rest of the fourth grade teachers on our team visited Claim Jumper.  At first I was reluctant, worried about the prices (as mentioned above, I'm a teacher, so...); however, I was pleasantly surprised at how reasonably everything was priced!  I enjoyed the Coconut Shrimp ($6), which came with a delicious slaw-like side.  The shrimp had a wonderful blend of seafood and coconut, not too sweet and definitely crunchy!  I also order the Fried Macaroni and Cheese ($5), which came as two very large wedges and a sweet & spicy dipping sauce.  They were nice and crispy on the outside, and deliciously cheesy on the inside.  I would definitely recommend dipping bites into the sauce! My only complaint would have to be that one or two bites, deep on the inside, were a little cold.  It could certainly have been a one-time thing, and I have to admit that I'd probably try it again.Everything else I sampled from my fellow teachers was also pretty tasty, including the shrimp ceviche and apple-glazed meatballs.  While we're only a team of 6 teachers, the seating was set for groups of 4, so we had to just turn our chairs and chat.  Not ideal, but we managed.Overall, the food and prices (for Happy Hour, at least) make it worth a trip!
3	Service at the door was terrible. One we were at the table, the waitress was so nice and professional.
3	We decided to have our anniversary dinner here. Service was ok. Waitress did forgot about my water. My dish tasted good but the meat was tough. They did offer to re cook the dish. So good customer service."
4	Good food and great service. Excellent place for a business dinner or date night. Unique menu with a well balanced selection.
3	Eh, it's average. We were here on Valentine's Day, we had a reservation but may not have needed it. The food was OK, they forgot our bread, they were kind of pokey.I'm not in any rush to go back.
5	If you are looking for 5 star service, ask for "Eric" who also tends bar.  While all the staff do good service, Eric is the best of the bunch.    It you can, it's worth waiting for a table served by "Eric".Also, the best value is the Tri-Tip roast.  For the price ($15) you get a great value with lots of meat and veggies.  You can get a small "Micro" salad on the side.Want to save a few $$$ on an appetizer?  Grab some free popcorn from the Bar's popcorn machine.  Get a basket or two at no cost and it's a great starter.  If they are out of popcorn, tell "TY" the manger and he should make you a fresh batch.So remember kits, Eric is your best server choice.  Get some free popcorn and hit up the Tri-Tip roast for a great value.
3	Think New Jersey diner size menu, lots and lots of choices covering most major food groupings.  I had an LTO special called drunken chicken which had a pleasant creamy red sauce and was served over potato cakes.   Very generous in size and I enjoyed it.  We also tried the rib's which turned out to be very decent considering it is a chain restaurant with a broad menu.  Service was very good and the store had a good sized outdoor eating area.  Would certainly go again if in the area.
4	The place was medium busy.  We were seated right away and a waitress came and took drink orders.  We ordered Fish and Chips and a pizza.  Food came in a timely manner and the fish and chips was really good.  It was crispy, light, and hot.  The pizza wasn't as successful.  It was a little soggy in the middle but tasted ok and arrived hot.  We knew better than to order pizza but oh well.  Staff was on top of everything and the experience was good.  I would return.
4	We live near the Claim Jumper in Buena Park. No matter when you go during their business hours, there's a waiting line. Could be 'cause they're located across the street from Knott's Berry Farm.What a treat to visit Avondale's Claim Jumper and get seated immediately!Log cabin ambiance. Spacious. Clean. Great service. Thank you, Jacqueline, for endorsing the wonderful BBQ Chicken Salad. We totally enjoyed the salad, surf and turf. We never order dessert. Too full, but we couldn't resist the Carrot Cake, which was absolutely delicious. Moist cake made with carrots, raisins, pineapple and walnuts frosted with delicate, fluffy cream cheese. Yum!
5	Best happy hour around!!!
4	Very good for a work lunchStopped in for a business and some food with a colleague.  We sat in a booth by the bar and the staff were quick with our orders, checked in with us regularly, and were very polite.  Interior design has a nice, modern look and was very clean.  I never look to be blown away by the food at these chain places.  However, their chicken pot pie lunch is very tasty and the crust was actually cooked perfectly.  Had a good meeting and lunch was well above par for a chain.  Definitely will go again.
1	One of the worst dining experiences of my life. Took the hostess 2-3 min to greet us even after she saw us. We were sat at a dirty booth, so we switched to a new one. It took 15 min to have our order taken, and 20 min for me to receive my weak $9 cocktail. My food came out disgusting. How can you mess up chicken strips? Well, don't cook them for long enough and don't drain the oil off of them whatsoever, and that's exactly how. I told the waitress I didn't want them. She took them and said she'd show the manager. The manager never came over to apologize, and neither did the waitress. She even acted like I was being unreasonable. And she expected us to order dessert! Don't waste your money there....
3	Decent food. Very clean and open atmosphere. I would give it a 3.5 out of 5. I got the ultimate shrimp platter. Again, it was good food but nothing to write home about. Portions were on the larger side so you won't leave here hungry.
2	Nothing much seems place is going down on service. Prices were raised and they removed the free popcorn..WTH?
4	Yummy! We had great service and great food. The deserts were amazing. I was happy with our whole experience. I recommend this restaurant.
5	My husband and I come to eat at CJ's many times and always have a great time. The staff is always so pleasant, nice, friendly. The manager is great also. The food is awesome except for the pizza, I am not a fan of their pizza at all. My new Fav is their Black Tie Chicken Pasta !!! It' sooo yummy and awesome.. I tried this dish about 1 month ago for the very first time. And their seasonal Pumpkin Cream Cheese Pie is to die for.. My husband and I know it comes out just before Thanksgiving and we go to CJ's for this and order 1 slice after our meal. It is soooooo AWESOME..We love Claim Jumpers in Avondale.. I can not wait to go again.
1	Worst ever like a big Denny's. Service was very pushy. Couldn't relax because we were asked every two seconds if we were ready to order. My soup was cold and salad tasted old and nasty, also my margarita tasted like juice. NEVER AGAIN
4	My Birthday Was On Wednesday, and since we are always busy during the week we couldn't do anything until the weekend...so we started my Birthday weekend on Friday night...we came to Claim Jumper for the first time not knowing what to expect. We came in and they sat us right away...it did not look like it was a busy Friday night. we got a good booth. I absolutely LOVED that they noticed we had a 2 year old and they took care of him like a king LOL...they placed a mat for him gave him some crayons and even a free meal! that was the coolest thing.we looked over the Menu and they had a variety of dishes, but being our first time we had a little hard time deciding on what to get.My wife ordered Shrimp pasta and i ended up getting the turkey club sandwich. the wait for the food wasn't long either. what i did not know is how HUGE the sandwhich was until they brought it...i didn't even finish it but it was delish! :) and so was the shrimp pastaGreat place to come eat and chillax! :)
1	What a disaster!  The only reason I gave one star was because there were no negative star options!  Definitely not a place to go with a large party.   We had a party of 13 and a reservation for 7:15 to have a celebratory dinner.  We all stood in the lobby waiting for our "reservation" for about 40 minutes. We were the wait was because they didn't have enough menus.  Really??? My bad, thought it was pretty standard to have enough menus for your guest.  It was about 8 pm before we even placed our orders. Every part of this experience was horrible.  Dinner/salads started coming out before the apps.  I never got the drink I ordered, we kept being told refills were coming which never happened.  Some of the dishes were just so awful they were inedible. 2 of our party ordered tri trip which looked like it had just been scavenged somewhere from the kitchen and thrown on the plate. It was so tough they couldn't chew it. I ordered the chicken parm pasta which was nothing like the description.  The breading was soggy and needed to be cooked longer and it was pretty tasteless. I was skeptical about even eating it wondering if I would get sick. The talapia and shrimp dish came out missing it's sauce.  Potatoes came with no toppings and the beef ribs were full of fat and rubbery.  We had to ask repeatedly for things like toppings and drink refills.  By the time they did bring toppings for the potatoes, they had to bring new potatoes because the original ones were cold.  The manager finally came over and started trying to help our waiter play catch up by bringing out drinks.  One couple had to share a glass all through dinner because their drink never came.  Our server was clearly in over his head and freaking out making it a very uncomfortable experience for all of us. His attitude and lip service was like we should share the blame for his misfortune of having to deal with our large party.  When the waiter asked if we would be needing separate checks he was very excited when we said no, one is fine. He then tells us, that's awesome, you guys just don't understand I'm dislexic and this is really difficult!  PRICELESS!  Our host was very upset because it was his intention to treat us all to a great meal and experience.  Unfortunately CJ has gone way down hill!  Meals used to be incredible and a very special experience.  Not the case this time.  Go somewhere else!!
3	I enjoy the food here, portions are always huge and usually enough for two to share. I recently tried a limited time menu item, Fire roasted artichoke appetizer $9.99 and found it to be subpar.  I'm typically nervous about getting an appetizer because I worry I'll be too full to eat my meal, but this wasn't the case with the artichoke, I complained to my dinner guest that I couldn't get a single bite off of any of the leaves. Disappointed.  Otherwise, I always like the food here.
1	What has happened to Claim Jumper? wanted to stay close to home last night with all the rain happening so we decided on CJ. I haven't been in a little over 3 years but had no concerns because it is the Claim Jumper. when we arrived we got seated and noticed the dingy and dirty feel, our table had a sticky pieces of something on it. The menus were filthy( we should have walked out then). Our salads came and they were warm, soggy and were disgusting. I also noticed a couple other tables having similar issues with the food and wait staff. Our dinners came, and it was gross. The Grilled Mahi was the worse i had ever had, Hard as a rock, could not even cut it with the supplied table knife, the rice was cold and the veggies were hard and cold. The whiskey glazed chicken was a bit better but still no where near the quality that i remember with the Claim Jumper. So after $65.00 for 2 people, i will never go back again, so many other choices in Phoenix. A couple of other tables looked like they were having a worse go around than us. Did not even stay for dessert, that's how disgusted we were.  RIP Claim Jumper !!
1	What a crappy wait for half empty restaurant and waiting for 30 minutes to get a table....the excuse was there was a 14 top reservation and they didnt want the cooks to get behind on orders...what a poor excuse. ...if there was a reservation then learn to prepare the staff ahead of time....as big restaurant as this...if you cant handle 14 top reservation and others have to wait for two people theres serious service issues and management staffing. ..hope the corporate ses this review and make some changes. ..as a executive chef myself ....theres no excuse for me and othe small 2 too 4 tops to be waiting this long..will not be back again
1	Driving I-10 we found ourselves hungry and in the area on a recent Sunday afternoon.  Opted for something "better" than the usual fast-food fare and dropped into the Claim Jumper for a late lunch.  Place looked about 1/2 empty inside so we expected to be seated right away.  Hostess told us 15 minute wait - REALLY?? for what?  So before she could pigeon-hole us into dining purgatory, we ducked into the bar and seated ourselves.  Albert was tending the bar and waiting tables.  Seems like he could have used another hand but he was attentive and pleasant.We ordered a classic cheeseburger w/ fries and a citrus salad.  The cheese burger was nothing to write home about.  Ordered well-done and came out pink but by this time we figured it wasn't worth wasting the time and sending it back. The salad was a miserable combination based of iceberg lettuce and overpowered by onion, all swimming in dressing.  Bleah!CJ has a really nice setup, rich looking interior, well appointed, and attention to detail and design.  The problem here is clearly the management.  How can you expect to run a business (much less STAY in business) when you can't seat guests and serve in a half-empty restaurant?  I watched several families and couples who went through the same "15 minute wait" process the hostess tried to pin on us earlier.   NO management was in sight during our 1+ hour visit.  I noted a sign on the door to the patio that said "Patio Closed" - odd since there were several tables with guests dining out there.  Maybe there is no help to serve the patio either? So to sum up the experience:  The food was lousy and the management is non-existent.  If this is the norm here, CJ isn't long for this location.  We won't be back.  Fast food in Avondale looks a lot more attractive now.
4	For our anniversary, my husband and I received a gift card for Claim Jumper from his parents. After reading the reviews, we were wondering if they could get a refund or something, because we didn't even want to try the place.  We ended up not going on our anniversary, but on a later date with our kids, when we had a "dinner emergency"and decided to use the gift card. We went on a weeknight, and we were surprised to see it was pretty busy.  Here was our experience-Service the entire time was excellent, and prompt.  No issues with service, and we didn't have to wait to be seated,  and we didn't wait a long time for our food.   The restaurant was clean, thankfully, or we would have left.We ordered the pretzel appetizer, which we devoured.  I think they were our favorite out of everything we ate.  They had good flavor, and were served with hot mustard and a cheese sauce.  My daughter didn't like the cheese sauce, but the rest of us did.My husband ordered the calzone with pepperoni and mushroom.  It filled the entire plate.  It was cooked well, and he said it was full of pepperoni, and the mushrooms weren't mushy. He said the sauce to dip it in wasn't bad, but he has had better.  Said he still enjoyed the calzone.I had the grilled fish tacos and rice pilaf.  There was more of the cabbage mixture than fish, but I really liked the flavor.  I would have preferred flour tortillas, rather than corn, but it was still good.   The meal was a normal portion size, so I was able to finish it.My daughter had the cashew chicken salad- which was HUGE, one half of it was the size of one very large sandwich, so the other half came home with us.  She had fruit on the side.  She liked the sandwich, said the bread was flavorful and chicken salad was good.  She did not like the honeydew and cantaloupe, because she said they weren't ripe.  My son had the classic cheeseburger and fries.  I tried one of the fries, and it was good.  The fries are cut thin, and have a seasoning blend on them.  He really liked the cheeseburger, and finished the whole thing, and enjoyed some of the fries as well.  We brought some leftover fries home.   I think the meal could have been a dollar or two less in cost though, as $10.29 was a bit steep for the size of the burger. All in all, we were pleasantly surprised, and we would go there again.
4	I've never had anything that I don't love here.   My favorites are the CJ honey blonde, the shrimp salsa, and the Jamaican jerk chicken stuffed sweet potato! If you love sweet potatoes, that one is ridiculously flavored packed! Try it, you will not be let down, or leave hungry. Finish up with the original cream cheese pie with Lorna Doon crust, mm scrumptious! Or, for you chocolate fanatics, dig into a Huge Chocolate Mother lode cake! It's massive, decadent, and perfect with coffee or a salted Caramel Martini!!!
2	We went in Friday evening to celebrate Mother's Day a bit early as I work Sunday. The service was slow and inattentive and the food was mediocre, especially considering the price point. Our server was nice, it seemed like the rest of her section was somewhere we couldn't see from where we were sitting because the only time we saw her was when she popped her head around the corner. I just didn't get a warm fuzzy from this place and probably won't be back. The good thing? The siracha honey sauce for the coconut shrimp was amazing.
2	I believe the food is average at best. We have gone there for lunch a few times over the last ten years for lunch. Today I selected the traditional calzone.  The dough was soggy and there was red onions and mushrooms plus pizza sauce and cheese inside.  The ingredients were barely warm and lacking flavor.  My wife ordered French onion soup and salad.  The salad did not look fresh and the soup was bad.This food concept which started in 1977 by two entrepreneur brothers has long passed it's prime.  The service is slow and the place needs a makeover now.  It is OK if you are just passing by off the interstate and don't expect a great food experience.  At least you will not need reservations since there are as always plenty of empty seats.
2	Went Way downhill in last few yrs I guess.  Crappy server...mediocre food and beverages for too much money.   Too bad...we need more decent restaurants on the west side
2	Went in for a late dinner, seated quickly. Server came to take drink order. 3 waters, 2 lemons 1 w/ lime. Server asked on appetizers, requested 1 cup of clam chowder for app. Server (R) brought 3 waters 3 lemons and bread. Ordered Cobb salad and requested my limes for water. Limes were brought just before the dinner plates and I had to ask for my soup. Server came back to tell me they were making fresh chowder and that it would be a while asking if I still wanted it. Soup was okay, salad was decent,. Avocado was.a bit to soft. This is my second visit to this location. Over all none to happy with the service or the food.
1	Sucked! I haven't been there for about 6 months.We went for dinner on Friday night. Service was bad, men's rest room was dirty (stained dirty). My steak was way over cooked not very good and wasn't offered steak sauce. We won't go back to this location again
5	I went to this Claim Jumper last night (8/6/14) for happy hour and was really impressed with the food and service.Their happy hour menu has a great assortment of food and is affordable.  Our waiter Efren was very attentive and polite.  At one point he was running to our table when he saw me trying to get his attention.But what really impressed me was when I noticed I forgot my reciept this morning, I called to see if I could pickup the reciept today and instead they emailed it to me right away.  IMPRESSIVE!Thanks Efren and Jeanna!
2	Wife normally loves this place but not this time. Service was slow and not too bright. WiFi password must be a secret asked 3 times and couldn't get a working password. My wife asked to taste a beer ( sample ) and waitress just brought one out. Our meal took a hour to get to our table after ordering ??? The place was pretty empty ( Tuesday nite 5:30-8 ) My sons and my meals were ok nothing great ( his spaghetti and I had 7oz steak and grilled shrimp )  My wife ordered her normal Seared Ahi salad ( Ahi was bad so she sent it back and just asked for a greens salad with same dressing because of time) Ty the Manager came over and said Ahi was over cooked sorry and walked away. We finished and ordered desert which is always yummy. When we finally received bill Ahi Salad was still on there with a $7 discount ?? We asked and waitress just said that's what manager told her to do. We paid bill as it was so we could leave after a 2+ hour dinner. We more than likely won't go back at least to that Claim Jumper.
2	Been going to CB a lot of  times in CA.. I was like a CB here in AZ !!! I I've been going like 3 times the food is not the same , the service is not the same and the atmosphere really reaks . Where is managment are they really interested for the costumers.. I guess this CB really needs some work. The Salad water in it, I had to drain it, Full rack Beef Ribs burnt, the drinks got to beg for more. So where is the service , not even " Is everything ok, any more Drinks ?" oh but here they come with the Bill and tell them that you did not eat what you did not like, nope can't take that off the bill. Sorry Claim Jumpers, I'm Jumping off, not coming back .
4	I have been to this CJ about 3x and the servers are very nice and attentive. Food is always hot and tastes great! I always enjoy my time when I go there. I love the chicken pot pie!!! It's the best!!! Oh and it's HUGE! Can definitely feed two people! I like the pleasant atmosphere. If you're out to have a nice quiet evening it's the place to be.
4	The zucchini appetizer and citrus salad are my favorite!  It's sooooo delicious.  Service is always friendly and fast for a quick work day lunch.
1	No stars.  Couldn't tell you if the food and drinks were any good.  Never got that far.  Walked in. Took a seat at the bar to watch the game.  Waited for the woman trending bar to come over.  No greeting, nothing. Two guys come in and sit at the end of the bar. She walks up to greet them and offers them menus. Walks by me again. Serves a beer top a person on the other side of the bar.  Makes a couple of drinks for one of the tables. Walks by me again and asks the two guys at the end of the bar what they would like. I'd seen enough and left. Went to Islands and got gray service. No wonder Claim Jumpers was empty.
1	Awful!! Party of six and never even was acknowledged. Wow!  This place is for sure a place to avoid. I can't comment on the food because we never had a chance to order. We stood in the bar area for 10 minutes and had to initiate contact with the bar tender before even being welcomed. At this point, we decided to leave.
3	I have came here a couple of times, food is mediocre.I will say this, the Chicken Pot Pie is my favorite dish on the menu.  I believe it is under $10, but you get your moneys worth, it is huge!
4	I tried Claim Jumper for the first time a few years and I was not great at all! I went back to try it out for a birthday dinner and I was pleasantly surprised! We had the Appetizer combo and everything on there was great! The claim chowder and bread was amazing! To top it off the Ultimate Fish and Shrimp dinner and everything on the plate tasted great! They really have stepped up and took steps in the right direction! I plain on becoming a regular customer!
5	Great service for starters....portions are HUGE & fresh! Large area too so you don't feel crowded! I'd come back...tasty! Burger queen here lol
4	Decided to go to Claim Jumper for dinner. Had not been here in a long time! I enjoyed the garlic cheese bread. It was warm, soft, and tasty. I ordered the rotisserie chicken with mashed potatoes and green beans instead of roasted vegetables, as well as the potato cheddar soup. Everything was very flavorful! They do not shy away from seasoning here. The soup was cheesy with chunks of potato and seemed to have a garlic/onion powder flavor. There were also little crunchy french fried potatoes on top. The chicken was tasty, the mashed potatoes were VERY buttery, and the green beans had like a mesquite seasoning. I liked them a lot! And they were well-cooked... not too crunchy. My boyfriend ordered a slice of pumpkin cream cheese pie to go. It was HUGE! But I know most of their desserts are giant... Six-layer chocolate motherlode cake, anyone? We also had good service. Nice meal overall, and I have leftovers for tomorrow!
2	My husband and I called for our Thanksgiving Day to C.J. I had specifically requested the Roasted Turkey 22.99 Slow-roasted with fresh oranges and amber honey served over stuffing with a savory turkey gravy, orange-cranberry relish, roasted vegetables and your choice of mashed potatoes, baked potato or baked sweet potato and also Green Salad for two people. Well to say the least we were both left VERY disappointed with our meal. The turkey was soooooooo dry, the stuffing was sticky and tasteless, Veggies over smothered with onions and they forgot the Salad and Roll. The pie was a bite size, too small. I called to CJ's and spoke with the manager who kept apologizing for the mistake and at the end he agreed to comp my husband and our entire meal. For the most part, we do always enjoy out times in C.J.s but this again left us very disappointed. I can prepare better in the kitchen than who ever made out meals, just fell flat. Next year I am going to my sister's house. Well I would have gone anywhere if someone would have called me, lol.
4	Tonight was our first time eating at Claim Jumper and we could not have asked for a better experience! I am gluten intolerant and have tons of food allergies and the staff was SO helpful in helping me figure out what I could eat. The manager (Patty) even went in the back several times to check ingredients for me to make sure it would be safe to eat certain things. When the meal ended, the waiter (Bobby) came out to the table and said the manager was checking the ingredients of their ice cream to see if I could eat it for dessert since it was potentially the only kind of dessert I could have. I really appreciate all their effort and patience! I ended up ordering the California Citrus Chicken Salad and it was delicious! My husband ordered the Roasted Tri-Tip and Shrimp dinner as the early bird special and saved 1/2 price! He said it was awesome. We will definitely be back! I highly recommend this place if you are gluten intolerant as they have a menu just for us!
2	This was my first time to claim jumpers in years and it will be my last. They have a gluten free menu which I was thrilled to see since my kids and I can't eat gluten.  I ordered a plain burger with nothing on it but a gluten free bun. It came with fries. My kids had gluten free pasta which also came with fries. My order came out and the burger had pickles and mayo on it. My moms calamari was soggy. The waitress apologized and took both back. My second burger came out but was on a gluten bun. By the third burger, a person who I assume was the manager (she never said), brought it out and informs me the fries have flour sprinkled on them so they aren't gluten free. At this point I had been eating my kids fries for 10 minutes. I couldn't figure out why fries would be offered with two orders that I specifically stated need to be gluten free. The manager wasn't very apologetic. She brought me a potato and left. When we tried to order ice cream for my girls the waitress said they weren't sure if the ice cream had gluten in it and they had no ingredient list. Normally I wouldn't think ice cream has gluten but who would have thought fries would have it sprinkled on. When the bill came I thought my burger might have been comped after all the issues we had but it was not. We definitely won't be back.
4	The zucchini appetizer, the citrus salad, the first class service ... This place is amazing!  It's our go to for a nice, quiet treat away from the office.  The manager comes to our table every time and asks how or meal is.  Steve is a great waiter!
2	Food was great, but the service was horrible! Took the waiter about 30 to 45 minutes to come back to the table after delivering our food.
3	Let me start by saying that the food was great there were no issues at all with the food. My issue was entirely with the server. He was extremely slow. We saw him a total of four times the entire dinner. On top of that when we received the check it was wrong. We waited 20 min to try and get him to fix the check. Finally got tired of waiting and went and told the manager about the issue with the check. He fixed it in a matter of a couple of minutes. Like I said my only issue was with the server. I will return as the food is great and the menu has a wide array to choose from.
