5	I was driving a minivan that got a whopping 12 miles to the gallon on average and was chewing through my checkbook like my mom on a cheesecake.  I wasn't going to trade it in, but just as my warranty expired, my brake problems that had been plaguing me since the day I bought the vehicle used came to a head.With my kids in the car, I pushed on the brakes, and they were VERY slow to respond.Fortunately, no accident.  Unfortunately, the brake problem that the dealership insisted was nothing, over and over again, was now a 2,500 dollar + issue.  The dealership, of course, was more than happy to "fix" at full price.At this time, I decided enough was enough, and I went to go trade the van in.  For the past 10 years or so, I had driven vehicles as dictated by ex wives, and I was also fed up with that!  So I decided I was going to get something sporty.I got myself into a 2008 Chevy Cobalt Sport.  Awesome.  Brown and Brown Chevrolet, I will sing the praises of your finance department to the ends of the earth.  But, as they say in the Conan movies, "that is another story".I went home and I called GEICO.  I had been a customer of theirs for 5 years, and I have a perfect driving record.  I was paying only 98 bucks a month on my van.  I shouldn't get THAT much of an increase for my sporty new car.It was in about 30 minutes or less, that I learned just how much money I wouldnt be saving on my Auto Insurance if I stayed with GEICO.  98 bucks suddenly turned into 290 bucks a month, with a 420 dollar down payment.I called them and asked them to check this out about 4 times.  They said there was nothing they could do.  I was desperate, and my required balloon payment was right around the corner.  I had no idea that now, on top of a higher car payment, my insurance payment was going to triple and then some. In comes the hero of the day, Scott Thomas.  For a very small increase in my monthly payment on my van, Scott was able to line up auto insurance coverage that blew GEICO and other insurance companies away.  I was astonished at how much money I saved by switching AWAY from GEICO.The entire time I was in his office, his office staff kept my children entertained with movies and snacks.  They didnt want to leave!Thank you Scott Thomas and staff.  You provided me with customer service and great rates that went beyond anything I could have expected otherwise.
5	The husband wanted a motorcycle.  We bought a motorcycle.  And then we went shopping for insurance.  It was time to find someone who could cover my 2 cars, the house, and the motorcycle.  After multiple quotes, Scott came out on top as the best price for motorcycle insurance.  Here's the kicker - we never insured the bike and ended up selling it but we kept Scott!  Scott made great recommendations on the coverage to get for the car - so much so, when someone decided to total my car for me it saved us so much heartache!  State Farm was all over it.  We became the poster children for under-insured insurance!  Not saying he would do this for anyone - but when the fuel pump went out in my truck, Scott himself picked me up, picked up my kids from daycare, and took us home.  WAY ABOVE anyone's responsibilities - probably really likes us too - who knows :)  I'm just saying he is WAY more than good neighbor - he's a friend.
5	You really don't think about your insurance, let alone your insurance agent, until you need assistance.  This is exactly what happened when my son and I were hit head on in SE Chandler by a driver in a pick up truck going well over 60 MPH in a 45 MPH zone.  The police and fire personnel were first on the scene, then my State Farm agent, Scott Thomas arrived to make sure we were ok and to assist us with what we needed to do next.  I'm thankful that there were no injuries and was very grateful for having Scott there to walk us through the insurance claim process.  In a time when good customer service is hard to come by, it is great that Chandler has an individual that goes above and beyond to provide great service.  Thank you Scott!
5	From 2008 to... almost 2013.I still give Scott 5 stars.  He, and his staff, are excellent.  I have referred several people to this office, and they all receive the same service.Scott takes care of not only my car and renters at a great rate, he also takes care of several members of my family as well.  4 years, and not a single drop in the level of customer service.
5	Scott and his staff are simply the best there is!  They listened first and find out what it was my wife and I were seeking, then recommended coverages.  Once we became customers, they continued to listen first over the years.  I will never entertain the idea of having another agent for as long as he remains in business.Do yourself a favor and call him.
