5	True Story:I heard that Robert McGrath was renovating the old Smoke Tree Resort.  Drove by a few times and then noticed the REM sign (It was kirei board!) and there was a small hand-written sign beside the door with the hours posted for lunch.  (I should backup and say that this occurred last July 2007.)  We went for lunch, walked in the door, no-one around, went towards the restaurant and noticed a group of 3 guys having lunch.  There was an old-school vibe,  no music, old-school furniture, and also new silverware selections, drawings and blueprints on a large cluttered table, etc.  The waiter comes out a few minutes later and brings the menu - 3 items - A salad, pulled pork sandwich, and a chili I think. The menu was printed on a sheet of paper, bold lettering, no descriptions, so classic... just the item and the amount.  It was pretty obvious that they were either testing menu items, or..., not sure why else that it would be open?!  The experience was worth us coming back again.  So anyway,  we came back the following week.  Nothing had changed, same old-school, stumbled upon feeling.  At the end of our meal, we realized that we didn't have any cash!  Sharing this with the waiter, he actually said - "That's ok, pay me the next time you come in."  !!@#$%&  How cool is that?  We scoured her handbag, my wallet and came up with just enough.  I am looking forward to REM opening - maybe I can have the same deal?
1	Horrible for the price,a huge disappointment. I had a clue when I noticed half the building was empty(where I thought a bar/restaurant would be) then the dead flowers around the tiny pool,not a good impression. We had a bungalow room,I  had to drag my roller suitcase across across a sand area to enter our room , kind of different. We needed to iron before going out,the iron was broken,I called for another, it  was encrusted with black goo that distroyed every fabric it touched. There were green paint spots in the bathroom,and a price tag bar code sticker on the base of the sink.The faucet was loose and not totally attached to the sink.There was just no attention to detail.I spend about 70 nights a year in hotels, so I m not a novice,this was way overpriced for what we got. Don t go there! We had the impression the owners are just getting by,waiting for the big offer for the land.
4	I had a great experience here.  Service was good, the room was clean and spacious and they accepted my dog which is huge for me.  There was plenty of outdoor space for him to roam.  The pool is enclosed and you are allowed to have your dog there off-leash.  I would come here again. One bad thing:  WIFI was super spotty.  Never worked.Overall this place was great.
1	If it was possible to give a 0 Star Review they deserve it.I am in awe someone has not yet died from one of the moldy air conditioning units. I rarely get sick and in less than 30 minutes I was coughing and sneezing.I had to leave the sliding door open all night to alleviate some of the smell and had a dream a coyote walked into my room.When you think "smoke tree bungalow" think also of the words "mold", "weirdly placed tvs without remotes", "broken A/C", "sliding glass doors with minimal curtain covering", and "meth den".
