5	I took a bridesmaid dress to Hanna to get the bust and waist taken in (~$30). She did a wonderful job! I am very happy with her work and would return! She allowed herself a 2 week time frame but finished early! Hanna was very friendly and welcoming! I originally found several good review of her elsewhere! I would return if I needed another alteration.
5	I found Hannah by reading a bunch of amazing reviews from others.  I thought I would try her out since I have lost 30 lbs and didn't want to just buy new stuff.  She took things that used to look good on me and made them look GREAT.Due to haw wonderful the first round was, I just sent her another 20+ pieces to have them custom fit for me.  There is a difference in how you look when something fits and something is fitted.  I plan to bring one of my execs from Orlando soon so she can get her things fitted by Hannah!!
1	I talked with Hanna directly and found her short and completely unwilling to help out in an emergency situation with a Soldier's  dress uniform.  I will never call and I will ensure all of my Soldiers know the level of care towards military members at this facility.  I am a military commander trying to help out a Soldier with his uniform emergency.  Do not go to this place unless you have plenty of time she is "to busy".
1	I had a pair of judo pants repaired by Hanna and was very disappointed in both the repair and the service I received.  She said on the phone that she was totally comfortable taking on the job, and when I dropped them off, she said it would be no problem and we discussed exactly what she would do.  When I picked them up a week later, I found that she had repaired the knee with a weak, stretchy fabric.  When I said I didn't think it would hold, she said, "I don't even do repairs, I do alterations!"  I would have liked to have known that in advance.  When I got home and inspected the job more closely, I found crooked stitching, extra threads hanging off everywhere, and a generally very rushed, slipshop quality of work.  They tore again less than three weeks later.  When I brought them back in, she refunded my money but didn't even apologize for my wasted time and had nothing to say about the poor quality of her work.  She then made a rude comment as I was walking out the door.  When I called later to say that I hated to leave things on a bad note, she hung up on me.Now I'll have to pay someone else to fix the job she did, and the pants have been further damaged by tearing out again.  I found her outright rude throughout the experience when I just wanted to have a civil conversation.  I'm very, very unhappy with the whole experience.  Take your money elsewhere to someone who takes pride in their work and knows how to be civil to customers.
5	My family has been going to Hannah for years and she is great! Yes, she is busy. That's because she has been there for years and everyone knows to go there when you need alterations. She has always done an excellent job for a reasonable price.
