5	As a frequent traveler to Las Vegas from Sacramento, Ca i started looking for a foot massage place to relive all the pain from walking the strip. I found this place which is located in a clean and spacious shopping center. There is plenty of parking as well. Both times i had Ana who did an excellent job. She knows her profession and had just the right pressure for me and asked me as well if the pressure was ok. Of course the foot massgae is a clothed full body massge which is delightfull. The second time i went for a full body massage and it was better than the first. I will be going back to Las Vegas next week and will be visiting this place again for sure. It is a clean and very professional massage spa that hits the mark on all cylinders.
1	This is the worse place I never hand before. The service is so terrible and all the things inside is really bad
3	Clean establishment! Friendly staff. I had Judy as my foot therapist.  She has really good pressure and I loved that she used the hot stones on my foot at the end of the massage which was the best part of the whole foot therapy. I don't know of anywhere else where they use hot stones in the foot massage. The only problem that brought it down to 3 stars is the cashier told me they have a mandatory gratuity of $10 minimum. I've never heard such a thing. That was such a shiesty move on their part which makes me hesitant to go back.
4	Tried this place in the recommendation of a local friend after standing on my feet for 2 days at a trade show. My oh my was I pleasantly surprised! First it was clean and quiet. Next the technician was sensitive and responsive to the amount of pressure I needed. Loved the head rub, hands, arms, shoulders...all leading up to the main event...foot love! OMG my piggies were positively squealing with delight!  The hot stones brought it all home and the only reason I'm not giving this little gem 5 stars is because it was a little difficult to communicate...but I'm pretty sure my "aaaahs" "oooohs" and "mmmm...sweet Jesus I love you" did the trick.  I will be back for sure!
5	Here do massage is very good, my shoulder is very pain, a girl named Lisa did very well, very powerful, very comfortable, I will come in.a
5	It's really cheap! And I always go every other week. Always ask for koko.  she's the best.
4	After a long trip, this is place for a good foot and body massage. Will be back again next time. Staff were very hospitable. Great body and foot massage according to my wife.
5	This is the best I've had yet!  I wanted deep tissue type pressure and got it. Amazing. $20/1 hour
1	I came here with a group of 5 because the birthday girl wanted to get a message. My group was all from out of town except for myself. We didn't do a lot of research we just walked over because it was next to a place we just ate at.We walked in and asked the woman if they would be able to do 5 girls at the same time right away because we were limited on time. They kept saying yes but I never saw 5 employees available. We told her we would think about it. The girls stepped outside to smoke and discuss the plans for the night while i waited inside because it was too hot outside. Then one of them came in to get me and told me that we wouldn't have time. I got up and walked out and the woman actually came out of the salon and yelled at us!!! She tried to demand us to come back for service and was yelling, "You tell me!" That was really strange... Beware if you come here. Sketchy people.
