1	Extremely disappointed.  The desk staff wasn't friendly, didn't greet me when walking in and then I had to ask for a beverage (not offered).  The person doing my hair complained about life, the business, people of Arizona and most importantly failed to mention the $10 up-charge for using a curling iron.  Was really looking forward to something relaxing, representative of the advertising and it felt like a waste of time and money.Since my appointment on April 16th (using a Groupon which was marked used on the 17th) this all might have changed but for the time I was there for my service this was an accurate description of my experience.
5	By far the BEST blowout I've ever had.  Not sure how Shannon can do what she does with my hair but I LOVE her.  Way better stylists than that "other" blow dry place.
3	This is a tough review for me to write.  They hit all the right notes - this *should* be a 5 star review.  But, for some reason, I am stuck on 3 stars.  This place is A-OK - and that's about it.I went in on a DealChicken special.  Shampoo, scalp massage, deep condition, blow dry and makeup for $29.  (Value $85.)I had a party coming up, so I made an appointment for noon on the Saturday of the party.I was greeted when walking in and immediately offered refreshment.  (Water bottles, OJ and bubbly for mimosas, a lovely fruit tray, choclolate dipped strawberries and mini cinnamon rolls.  Poured myself a srong mimosa and went back with my stylist du jour.Conversation was fine - she was professional and friendly.  When one of the assistants saw my mimosa was getting low, he offered to freshen it up with me.  He came back with a new mimosa and two chocolate covered strawberries on a plate.  I love him!The hair part went fine - then we got to the makeup.  She asked what I was looking to do.  I don't usually wear a ton of makeup - and I usually stick with neutral tones and an "office conservative/natural" look. I told her I was going to a party, and am open to new styles - so something a bit bolder than normal, but not quite clown-school level was the goal.Result?  HOLY KARDASHIAN, Batman!  That was A LOT of eye makeup!A couple trusted friends told me it looked good on me, so I decided to leave it for the party.All in all, the service provided was exactly what was advertised.  I wasn't unhappy with any aspect, and in the case with the assistant bringing a fresh drink and munchies, I was impressed and felt that went above what was expected.  While in there, I was thinking 5 stars for sure.  But even by the time I got to my car, it was just A-OK.  I don't know what I was expecting, I don't know what could have been differently or better - I really did have a good experience.  But for some reason, I am not tempted to shout from the rooftops that this is the best place ever - or even worth driving to if you don't live in the NE Valley. If I had a hot date at Pure Sushi (next door), I may make an appointment to go in a couple hours early and get dolled up - but super-savings deal or not, it's really not worth a 30 minute drive each way.
4	I was recently in Scottsdale on business and needed someone to blow dry my hair and put in my clip on extensions. A friend suggested Primp & Blow.  The salon is gorgeous, and a great idea that they also offer makeup services... why aren't other blow dry bars offering that! I decided to get hair and make up done and it was perfect. Movie star glamorous. I went back the next day for a repeat performance. Very hospitable, experienced staff.  Highly recommend.
5	I have been to many blow dry salons in Los Angeles, Nevada and Arizona    and Primp and Blow by far is #1 on my list.  I'm all about decor and cleanliness and this salon gets it right. The lighting, the chairs, etc, it gives off the impression that this is a high class establishment and who doesn't want to go to a high class establishment???The staff was extremely friendly and courteous. I always judge a salon based on how their employees look and if the owners are ever in the store.  I hate how if you ask to speak to the owner or ask if they're ever in and the response is no. My first time in the salon and the owner was there getting her hair and makeup done! Don't ever go to a salon to get your makeup and hair done and the owner wouldn't even get their hair done there.My hair turned out great and people at the party I went to afterwards complimented me on my makeup all night. I love a great smokey eye and Primp & Blow got it right:)  They catered to me and I truly felt special after I left. I will come here and get my hair and makeup done before any event that I have to go to. Its so worth it!
5	OK...I have found the jewel in the desert GURLS!!!  I went to Primp and Blow just to see what it was all about as I live in the neighborhood...I was greeted by the kewlest staff who made me feel welcome immediatley, I was offered the red carpet, white glove treatment for an amazing deal to check out what they offer.  I have gone back a few times for a "Feel good" and have discovered the answer to the "unruly fuzzy hair blues" ...KERATIN TREATMENT Baby!!  Are you serious???  This treatment is amazing, my hair (Normally takes forever to style) is silky smooth, looks amazingly healthy and takes about 10 minutes to dry and NO ironing needed!!!  The staff was so kind giving me all the options prior to my treatment to make certain it was EXACTLY what my lifestyle and hair needed!!!  I LOVE this place!!  Treat yourself and call, thank me later ;)
5	Primp and Blow is  amazing!! The staff is genuinely the nicest group of ladies you will ever meet. With every appointment, I am always made to feel like a V.I.P client. My appointments with my stylist were always on time, which is a huge plus! I will continue to book appointments with Primp and Blow because I've never been disappointed with my look.
1	I went in with my friend and was a bit hesitant because I didn't know what to expect...we were greeted and offered water (it was a bit funny though, when my girlfriend made the appointment she spelled out her name, and when we got there they still had it wrong).  So they took her back and I waited a couple of minutes for my stylist.OK - I had a good experience...but the overall tone of this place is just not good!  All the responses from our reviews have been negative.However, my friend had the exact opposite expereince.  She wasn't offered wine and her stylist didn't flat iron her hair in small pieces like she had asked.  Of course I felt bad because this was my friend's idea and I went along and had a great time...wish there was a way to make it a great experience for all!PS - I revised my review and the owner had it removed.  This place is LIMP and FLAT!  Please don't waste your money here...go where you are appreciated!  I gave the a ONE star b/c the owner's attitude toward my friend was RUDE!  I can't believe in the economy that people would even take that approach.
5	I had the pleasure of trying out Primp & Blow last Saturday and was extremely pleased.  The entire experience was exceptional from the minute I walked in the establishment.  The girl doing my hair was professional and friendly.  I highly recommend Primp & Blow!
4	I'm not much of the yelp reviewing type -- but, I feel the need to throw some love to Primp and Blow as the reviews on here are ... rough! I was just at Primp and Blow on Monday, Oct. 3rd for a blow-out for a charity event I was going to that night. I had a blow-out, scalp massage and make-up. My 4-stars is only because there wasn't anyone at reception when I walked in and the stylist didn't offer assistance until I asked for help. When the hostess came out, she was very friendly, super accommodating and immediately offered me a bevy of different refreshments. My stylist, Sarah, did a great blow-out, asked what look I wanted and consulted on the look for my make-up. She did a really great job on my 'Primping' - she seemed intuitive of my likes/dislikes on make-up and talked through choices while working on me. I tell you what ... after a long day at work, nothing more efficient and relaxing than having someone do your hair and make-up for an important night out. All I had to do was slip into my dress when I got home. My yelp profile picture is hair and make-up by Sarah at Primp and Blow.
1	First of all, I love blow dry bars. I have really long hair so to me it's such a relief when someone else can do my hair the way I want it. But this place really missed the mark. There were 4 of us going for our friend's birthday and we chose Primp and Blow (over the other blow dry bar in scottsdale) because they do makeup too and we wanted the complete package. On their web site, it tells you that a blow out and makeup takes an hour. Well this seemed a little strange to me because they tell you that just a blow dry takes 45 minutes. This doesn't leave a lot of give room if someone's hair is long, or they want hot tools such as a curling iron, etc (WHICH COST AN EXTRA $10!!!!! absurd). So I'll just list the downsides: the place was dirty, there was hair on the floor everywhere, the front desk lady was probably one of the rudest service people I've ever met, followed closely by the lady who did my hair and makeup (she rushed the whole thing and when I tried pleasant conversation, she gave me an extremely rude answer implying that I was late and was now going to push all her clients back. I was not late. It is not my problem that they only book 1 hour for hair and makeup); they only have 2 chairs for makeup so if more than 2 people are getting that done then we have to sit in a low circular couch thing meant as a waiting area; the blow dryers hanging from the ceiling are a nice touch except the one on the end wasn't staying up and kept hitting the client in the head; the surprise $10 for the hairdresser touching a curling iron (which she neglected to inform me about and just did it even when I said she could just curl my hair with a round brush and dryer); the makeup done was rushed and horrible, I had to keep asking her to add stuff because it seemed like she just wanted to finish and get me out of there. Needless to say I will NOT be back. There is a far better drybar place not far from this one that was so so so much better. I can go elsewhere for makeup.
4	I went to the new P&B location at Scottsdale Waterfront to have my makeup done for Halloween (I was a flapper, and heavy eyeliner and red lipstick are foreign to me). Although there seemed to be some initial confusion about my appointment, it was short-lived and ended up being no big deal. Abby (spelling?), one of the stylists/makeup artists did my makeup. I just told her what my costume was, that I usually don't wear much makeup, and that I was open to her creative styling! You know how getting your makeup done can be hit-or-miss? Well, not only was Abby very friendly, but she did a great job! On top of that, I only paid $15 for the service, courtesy of a deal through AZ Spa Girls.I felt so glamorous once I got all dressed up and hit the "Speak Easy" party with my other flapper gal pals. My makeup job and red lips lasted all night. Thanks again to Abby at P&B for helping make this Halloween spook-tacular!
5	Shannon is amazing, I was going on business and she made my hair look amazing. Great decor, friendly staff... I would definitely recommend this place! Not sure all the low ratings..you will not go wrong with Shannon!
1	I wish I had read the reviews. I wanted to try and blow dry salon for sometime now, even though I am a loyal customer to a stylist in Chandler. (A very good stylist) Primp and Blow staff was rude, I was barely offered water, stylist seemed annoyed and avoided having to talk to me at all. Almost got whiplash from the shampoo. All this might have been forgivable had my hair been styled good. Not the case: I looked like a pasty new jersey girl. It was so knotted, back combed and frizzed out, I had to go home and wash it in hopes of saving my hair cuticles or what was left of them. Not only did I feel stupid paying for this disaster, I felt extra ridiculous walking by Scottsdale's finest on Saturday afternoon, on the way back to my car. I even avoided going grocery shopping that afternoon (and I love to cook) because I was so embarrassed.  Now it has been a few days and I have hair that is breaking where it was never breaking before, I had to go to my stylist and have her cut it and deep condition it!!! I hate to call someone out but I would not want this to happen to anyone else, if you chance it and go here make sure you ask for someone other than Katie.
2	As a girl who loves a good blowout, I was so excited to hear about this coming to North Scottsdale. I have frequented blow dry bars in other cities and have always been beyond impressed with their ability to make hair look amazing, not the case here. I have visited Primp & Blow two times with average to poor experiences. The first time I decided to try it before hitting the town with some girlfriends. The stylist was professional and the results were alright. A really amazing blowout can last 3-5 days and after this experience it was looking pretty bad the next morning. My latest visit was to get my hair done for family pictures. I was hesitant to go but thought I would give it another shot. I have a toddler and was looking forward to some time away to get pampered instead I listened to the stylist talk about the woes of her relationship for over an hour. Not to mentioned it seemed like she had never used a round brush before and was as slow as molasses. The girl next to me came at the same time, had her hair blow-dried, curled and was out the door 20 minutes before my blow dry was finished. The stylist was very unprofessional and I couldn't wait to get out of there. When all was said and done my hair looked nice but really no different then I could have done myself, certainly not a professional blow-out. As I was driving away, I reached under the back of my hair to notice it was still damp. I couldn't believe it and by the time my pictures happened an hour later it had fallen flat because she failed to completely dry it. I will say that I noticed a few stylist in the salon that seemed very professional and experienced but not sure I would risk the time and money to give this place another shot.
4	I've been here 3 times now.  The first 2 times were off of deals like Groupon & Living Social & the last time I just went & paid full price.It's right next to my house & I have a baby so it's convenient & easy for me to go to and not be gone from home for very long.  If it didn't have the convenience factor I probably wouldn't go out of my way to go here, however it is a good option if you live close.  I've always been offered water & the ipad magazines and my blowouts have been decent to good.  I would definitely do another blowout here, however probalby not makeup.  I've had makeup done twice now and wasn't a fan either time.  The last time was for a major holiday party & I where my eyeshadow looked pretty, they didn't put on any eyeliner & after a few people told me it didn't look like I have much makeup on I finally added eyeliner & eyeshaow.The time my hair looked the best (this last time for the holiday party), I spent an extra $10 to add on the Hot Tools add-on which was well worth it because after the blowup they'll curl your hair with a curling iron and it did look great. I'd overall give it a 3-4 stars.  I will go back again if I have a wedding or somewhere to go as an excuse to get a blow out & hopefully one of these days they'll wow me with something amazing!
3	I used a $20 Groupon coupon last Saturday for a blowout and deep conditioning treatment.  I'm not sure I actually got the deep conditioning treatment unless you just consider that putting conditioner in my hair and not letting it sit for any amount of time...who knows!?!  The place was nicely decorated and the staff was pretty friendly.  I feel like they tried to rush me since I was using a coupon...might be that way with everyone, not sure.  My hair looked good after the blowout, but again felt rushed and that I didn't get my entire treatment.
4	A force of 7 of us descended on this place for my friend`s birthday celebration day: lunch, primp and blow and fondue later that evening!!We were all lined up and greeted with mango mimosas, yum!! Considering our size group, they were wonderful with us and had us all done in less that two hours.My stylist Bri did exactly what I wanted: wash, shampoo and blow out with a hint of a retro wave. Loved it!! Would I come back again, definitely!! Great place for  blow out, style, make up bar,etc!
4	I've been seen by several gals at P&B, most recently for hair and makeup with Katie at the Waterfront location, and they've all been great. Katie helped me get camera-ready for a boudior photo session (at Le Boudoir Studio by Jodi Lynn) and I walked out looking and feeling fabulous! Katie really seems to have a talent for makeup b/c she had a vision for my "look", went to town, and really nailed it. It felt funny walking out at 11:30am so dolled up, but that's just b/c I don't wear much makeup on a daily basis. I appreciate the work she did and will definitely be requesting her for hair and makeup next time!(Four start only b/c sometimes the online scheduler can be funny.)
4	I purchased the deal chicken coupon which included the deep cond, scalp massage, blow out and make up.  I'm not totally sure that they did a "deep cond treatment" but the rest was right on. Katie did my blow out and she did a fantastic job. I was heading out to Vegas that evening so she threw in a little curl for free and I really, really liked my hair.  Courtney did my make up.  She has a great personality and she made the whole experience super fun. The ambiance was perfect, I love the way this place is decorated. They offered me mimosas and pastries and everyone was super nice. In general I find reviews on Yelp dead on but in this case I was pleasantly surprised. I would go back again for sure. This would be a great place to bring a group of ladies for a fun day before you went out.
4	I had a very good experience with my groupon deal.  I made the reservation through the website, it was pretty easy and I showed up and the guy who did my hair was really nice, too bad I can't remember his name.  He was very friendly.  I am pretty easy going and I was not having any special event, just a mom's night out, but I got a lot of compliments from my blow out.
2	This review was from April but was removed because it was posted on the Scottsdale Waterfront's location...A miss unfortunately this time...My 2nd time here and I went to the location in North Scottsdale (Hayden). Not a great blow out. My hair was totally flat. I was expecting WAY better given my previous experience. Darn. I have one more groupon left, hopefully the blowout will be a quality one like my first. The customer service and atmosphere were just as great at this location, unfortunately my stylist wasn't skilled :(
5	Primp and Blow in North Scottsdale is my favorite Blow Dry Bar and I will have to say that I live in Downtown Phoenix and I drive the 30+ minutes to get a quality Blow Out for a great price! This place is all about quality and customer service and it shows!
5	I went to Primp & Blow today after making an appointment online.  It was a simple and very easy process!  The location is slightly hidden but it is right by the Good Egg and Starbucks.  I was greeted by the manager there (forgot her name! oops)  She was so sweet.  I was immediately offered some water or a soda.  She was the only one in at the time because it was such a slow morning so she did my hair and makeup.  The scalp massage that she gave me was so relaxing and I loved the way that she did my hair.  The salon is so cute.  I love the colors and all of the decorations.   I also got some fun feather extensions put in.  The eye make up that she put on me was pretty.  I am not used to putting any make up on so it was at first overwhelming seeing myself with some but she made it so I felt comfortable with the overlook by asking me to let her know if it is too much or too little.   I thought this was a great experience and I will definitely be back the next time I want to get pampered :)
3	Since Drybar was booked solid all day yesterday, my mom & I tried Primp and Blow since they had availability. Even though I read all of the reviews for both locations, we thought we'd give it a shot since even a terrible blow out is better than what I can do myself.We were greeted & brought to our spots. I was thrown off since we weren't offered anything to drink, eat, magazines to read...essentially everything the website boasts. They also don't have a look book, so you just have to describe what you want; lucky for us, we both have short hair so it was pretty easy. Brytoney did my mom's hair and did a fantastic job. Very friendly & a great listener. Jenna did my hair & also did a great job. We both got exactly what we were looking for in about 40 minutes. The girl at the front desk made our experience less than fantastic. We shouldn't have had to ask for a drink - it should have been offered when we walked in. She also misunderstood how much I wanted to leave for a tip, so when I asked for my receipt and it was double what I had said, I told her - which led to her rolling her eyes & having to do it again. Never apologized, thanked me for coming in, nothing. She was a total brat & needs a lesson in customer service.I'd definitely come back to see the same women who did our hair, but the front desk needs to up their customer service game & follow through on offering what is on the website - and with a SMILE!
5	I went to Primp and Blow to get my make-up and hair done for my birthday...they were awesome!  They listened to exactly what I wanted and also gave me some great advice.  Love the rain cosmetics line!Defiantly will be back!
4	Cool little place with a great concept! It was a fun girlfriend experience! I don't benefit from this on a weekly basis, but woman like my friend who has long, thick hair love it!!! When you do the monthly deal it is well worth it! I personally would do it for special occasion only. Very chic atmosphere and they serve nice goodies too!
5	I had an awesome experience yesterday.  Jessica did my hair and makeup.  I wanted something a little different, so I told her to flip my hair out.  At first I was not sure, it looked so different, but the more I saw it the more I liked it.  Then she did my makeup, I told her to do whatever she thought would accentuate my eyes.  I told her to pick any color she wanted.  It looked awesome.  My hubby looked at me and told me I looked like a Bond girl. I was very happy with my experience and I can't wait to book another appointment with Jessica.
2	I went there last week and was not impressed with the process, there were about 6 people sitting at the front desk all playing on the computer and not one looked up when i was standing there waiting to be checked in.  I finally get checked in and i asked for a magazine and they gave me an almost dead ipad "which has a lot of reading material on it" along with gross fingerprints all over it. Then my stylist was pretty rough with my hair and she made a rude comment about how my extensions needed to be redone. I figured it was because I didnt get them done there and so she needed to make a dig at them. She probably over heated the round brush more than 10 times burning my scalp and the finished product was something I could've done. I would not recommend this location it seems like a free for all in there and it was not very clean.
4	I've been to Primp & Blow (North Scottsdale) probably over a dozen times now and am standing firm at about a 3.5 star rating.  I love getting a blow out and they are right next to my house and so convenient.  My hair always looks great after wich is all I can ask for.  If it weren't for occasional attitudes I've gotten here and there I'd probably be giving a 5 star review.  I had an issue 2 times ago where I had a deal chicken I had bought just 2 days before (and clearly not used yet) but since she wasn't finding it on her end (even with my voucher and clearly no appointments since I had bought it).  The front desk girl was very rude and insisted she hold a credit card to charge if they didn't 'find' my deal chicken on their end with the only answer for me who had paid for the deal chicken being to check my Credit Card statement and if they charged me then call & take it up with Deal Chicken.  Sorry, but in my opinion that's something they should have been doing as I clearly had paid for the deal chicken and never used it.  So that's where I dock them some stars is the customer service area.Last time I went I got a complimentary blow out with a new stylist in training so you absolutely can't beat that.  5 star on that experience! It's honestly a different experience every time I go, but I will continue to keep going as the end result is great hair (and sometimes great makeup) which is what I am going for!
4	I have been to this location twice. I actually really love what they do with my hair. The stylists have both been very pleasant & experienced. I have long hair & I like sexy curls. The Dry Bar actually never does very good at this. I couldn't care less about the wine or water. I'm sure if u ask for it, they'll give it. However, I did take one star off because the chicks at the front desk are definitely rude. They're totally snooty and a buzz kill. Frankly, it's surprising since they aren't a high-end salon. It's a blow dry salon ladies, humble yourselves. All in all.... Ill always use Primp over The Dry Bar. I do wish the owner would hire some friendlier desk staff, it actually held me back from buying any products & even tipping larger for my stylist because they made me salty!!!!!
2	My mom and I went to this location for blow-outs because of a Groupon deal despite being long-time patrons of Drybar. We were offered drinks, and that's where the good customer service halted. My mom's stylist was friendly, but sent my mom home with wet hair - yeah, really! The result was hair drying curlier and less blown-out-looking than when she arrived. Isn't that a bit counter-intuitive for a "straight" blow-out? My mom mentioned it to her stylist, who didn't have another customer waiting, but was simply told that the product just felt cold and that her hair was dry and "good to go". I felt it, and can testify that it was far from dry. Woops.As for my experience, my stylist was unfriendly almost to the point of hostility. Not once did a smile ever cross her face, and I wasn't offered the iPad magazine the way my mom was or even asked where I wanted my hair parted (no, it was not in the middle). I can't deny that she did a good job on my hair in terms of the end result, but a lot of mishaps (a squirt of shampoo in my eye, brushing my hair so harshly it was ripping out of my head and breaking, a smack on the nose, a brush to the cheek, and a LOT of yanking and rough-handling), none of which were apologized for, made my time at Primp & Blow one that I would never repeat. Long story short: If you want a blow-out in a friendly environment that will leave you with hair you're happy with and a scalp that's not throbbing, go to Drybar.
1	Went in with some girl friends before a girls night out. No one seemed to know what they were doing, my friends stylists were friendly but the girl who did my hair never smiled and barely said 2 words to me. She kept burning my head with the blow dryer and did not seemed concerned with what I wanted but rather getting me out her chair as soon as she could. She never offered me a magazine, iPad or a drink as my other friends were given mimosas and were offered other things. We all ended up not liking our hair and re-doing it before going out and could persoanlly all do our own hair much better than they did! So glad we did not pay full price(luckily we had groupons) and we will never be back!
1	Big Mistake. Big. Huge. Just kidding. But really..c'mom!!! Let's start this little tale with the cold hard facts. I love getting blow outs. I get tons of them. I am not exaggerating. I mainly frequent another blow out establishment but I am an equal opportunity blow out whore and I have even been to Primp and Blow a handful of times. It is fun to mix it up.  Anyone who has poopy textured hair like me will understand...and agree that it takes a lot of work to blow out your own hair when you have thick hair that is prone to waves/kinks/frizz of an uncontrolled (not cute) nature. It never quite looks the same when you style your own hair. Another thing you have to understand, I am actually pretty easy to please when it comes to blow drys. Worst case scenario: I tweak it a little when I get home...no biggie..it is not like a color or a cut where you could really endure some serious trauma...so it is in fact a low risk/high reward venture.This is where the story turns south. My girl was pleasant enough. The shampoo was fine. The styling process seemed to be going okay, I was just settling into my I pad magazine when the blow dryer stops and my blow dry is apparently finished. When you get as many blow outs as I do, you have a REALLY good idea of how long it takes to dry your hair and I am thinking "Huh? How is my hair all the way dry?"...anyway my daughter was still getting her hair done so I paid for both of us and left the tip for each stylist. Then I went into the bathroom and felt my hair and sure enough my hair was damp. I went back to the stylist and told her my hair was still wet. She asked "Where"? I answered "Everywhere". She felt it and said, "It's not wet..it just feels that way because the products get cold and it makes it feel wet". What????? Huh????? Seriously??? What kind of products are these???? Huh?? She said she would hit it with the blowdryer one more time. Which she proceeded to do for like 30 seconds. :( :( ??I didn't want to get into it with her because I was actually starting to doubt my ability to tell the difference between damp and dry hair even though I am pretty sure I had that ability since I was a toddler. After all she is the blow dry expert.  I just waited for my daughter to get done.  Before hopping in the car I asked her to feel my hair. Well...guess what? My hair was wet. I booked it home. Of course it was starting to frizz up and curl in a weird direction by that time. I just strongly feel if you are in the business of drying hair you should at least get the dry part right.
1	This place is horrible.  I went in for a 930 appointment before my wedding dress try on. I wasn't looking to do my trial hair just something fun and I had explained this to the receptionist when we Made the appointment.  When we arrived (my mom was getting her hair done as well), they didn't have us down for up dos. I was disappointed but said it was fine.  I didn't sit down until 955 and they didn't even have time to wash my hair! NO ONE had a clue what was going on, and after my hair was done it was terrible! My hair stylist was so sweet, so I don't want him to get in trouble but my hair was thrown into a ugly twist with the side hanging down past my shoulders! It was HORRIBLE!! It was so bad another hair stylist gave me bobby pins as I was walking out. Seriously??!! If it was that bad even to you FIX IT.  I sent pictures after we got home asking for a refund and they said I paid for what I got and have never responded since!  It was a NIGHTMARE!
1	I posted this earlier but My 1st one was taken down due to personal info being displayed.  So I have fixed it, copied all 87 comments from facebook and sent all the information to the Better Business Bureau.  This business is unprofessional, degrading and a disgrace to all business women.  The response  below is in regards to me writing a bad review.  You should have seen the pictures! People called it a "Redneck Wedding do".  From reading other yelp comments this woman is a bully, calling people pigs, bad attitudes, etc.  Way to set an example. Never going there again and neither is about 200 of the people in the valley.  Dry Bar here we come!May 7, 2013: Owner respone:  Awe! Too bad! LOL! I was going to refund your money the other day but then you wrote a bad review so I decided you are cray cray! We do not give refunds to people who do not deserve them. ;-) Melodi H
4	I purchased the Amazon Local blow out and make up application deal. Brie did a fabulous job giving me a retro cute look that lasted until the next day. My boyfriend wasn't a fan of the eye makeup but it was fun. Brie also recommended a great mango drink and their great blowout and makeup special. The blonde was not as nice and really made me feel like she didn't want me there. It was also cool to see how they do the bead hair extensions for volume.
4	I have to say hair wise a five! Been to a few different dry bars. I always look for the groupons. By far best blow out I've had. And bonus to me, lasts more than one night.Now service is a three. (Hence total rating four stars). The people were there, friendly, not as much. And no beverage offered. Not even water...some offer champagne. Overall I'd love another groupon. $35 seems much for a blow dry but I like the treat.How do I contact or message you?
2	Pretty bummed. I liked this place. My hair isn't as great as before but my issue lies in the check out. Had a groupon that expired.i knew this didn't expect the deal. But on it I read price you paid doesn't. She made me feel I commited a crime getting what I paid. Said they don't do that! But it says right on it! I even read it again when I got home! Hate feeling wrong
2	I enjoy getting blow outs especially at a discount with groupons. I have gone to many different places to get a blow out done and this location is by far the most disappointing. Each time I try it I'm reminded why it's not my favorite place. Staff- typically running late with no acknowledgement to the customer. Last time I sat for 30 minutes before someone started my shampoo. Then I sat with conditioner on for an extended time to wait for the stylist.Make up- I asked for a natural, light look and came out like a clown in comparison. Bright coral lipstick and heavy eyes was not my idea of natural. The stylist was more concerned about using the new colors that just came in then my request.Quality seems decent but never holds up a long time after like other places. Probably because of lack of hot tools without additional cost and rushing thru drying my hair.Overall it's not my favorite blow dry bar but if you are patient, have extra time, and not too picky it's worth the discounted price of a groupon offer.
5	Visiting the area I was so pleased to find this spot. Not only was my hair fantastic, I able to book an appointment online on the same day. I was treated upon arrival to delicious infused water, fresh coffee and chocolates. Cute, clean and efficient this spot even gives you a complimentary umbrella so you can preserve your doo on the way to your car.
1	DO NOT GO HERE!  I booked here because the Dry Bar at Scottsdale Quarter was completely booked.  There were so many appointments at this place, and now I know why.  This was my FIRST experience getting my hair blown out.  I am a teacher with HARDLY ANY MONEY, but wanted to spend a little extra on myself for my husband's Christmas party.  I wanted to NOT worry about doing it on my own.   I had booked the appointment for a blow out and hot tools (I wanted curls).  The arrival was fine and seemed normal.  When I went to get my hair blown out I described to the girl that I was going to a fancy Christmas party and wanted my hair to look elegant.  She spun the chair away from the mirror for the entire appointment, so I never got to see what she was doing (issue #1).  She was curling my hair during the blow dry part, which was fine, if she knew what she was doing.  Then she spun back around, and said "okay, you're all finished."  My hair did NOT look finished.  It looked ratty and NOT elegant for a nice Christmas party.  I said, it didn't look finished and that many parts looked like they needed to be combed.  I kept pointing out areas & also reminded her I had scheduled the appointment for hot tools as well and maybe she should finish the curls with the hot tool.  She did not even know I had booked the appointment with hot tools (bad communication with front desk and hair person- issue #2).  She kept asking how the curls looked (issues #3).... well, they looked fine, but the part & rattiness of my hair looked like I had already been out partying on scottsdale rd., possible WALK OF SHAME, hairstyle.  I question this stylists taste level & hated that I had to pick apart the hair-do, so I didn't leave in tears.  I waited until the car to cry about my hair because now I had wasted two hours of my life, was going to be running late for the Christmas party, & spent $$$ on my hair that I WENT HOME AND WASHED OUT!!!!!!!!!!!!!   Also, at home was the only place I was able to actually see my hair, because she never even gave me a mirror to check out the back of my hair (issue #4).  She was hiding the job she did and made me feel awkward, sitting in a chair, pointing out places to fix.  She wanted to get the job done and did not care AT ALL about the actual hairstyle.  ISSUE #5--Worst part is, I completed their survey online that they send to clients, explaining how unhappy I was with the service I received. NO ONE EVER CONTACTED ME ABOUT MY UNHAPPY TRIP... which led me to fill out this awful review on Yelp.  Bad management, bad customer service, and bad employees is a recipe for disaster.  ALL THESE REASONS are the reason why this place will eventually go out of business.  What's the point of sending out surveys if you don't actually do anything about it.  Must be nice to get paid extra to be a boss, manager, etc. but never have to actually do anything extra except order some supplies and schedule employees.  Customer service should be a big priority.  After checking out yelp, it seems as though no one from this company even looks at what customers are saying because there are A LOT of unhappy people out there & obviously the problems have no been fixed.  Eventually, Primp & Blow will have to stop blaming customers for being picky and start looking at themselves, but by the time they do that, it may be too late.  THANKS A LOT PRIMP & BLOW for taking my hard earned money and washing it down the hair washing staion drain.  Bottomline- BOOK AN APPOINTMENT WAY IN ADVANCE FOR THE BLOW DRY BAR AT SCOTTSDALE QUARTER & don't waste your time with a business who does not appreciate their customers or their employees (if the employees were happier, they would probably do a better job & care).
5	Absolute best me time!  Service is friendly, staff is so talented in making you look and feel your best!  I am taken such good care of everytime I am here and have never loved my hair more than I do now!  Primp and Blow hair extensions are my recommendation to anyone looking for a change to sexy, full, beautiful hair!  Unlike others I have seen, these have no damaging glue, wax or heat, they are so low maintainance and last for up to 2 years!  Highly recommended!  this place!
5	This blow out shop was a pleasant find. I was in town for a wedding and new I wanted my hair done for me. I Goggled a place near my hotel and this one came up. I called and made an appointment. They sent me a reminder via email. Not sure what to expect when I arrived....... But it was a lovely place. Clean friendly convenient for where I was staying. An excellent choice.  I looked fabulous when I left. They also can do your makeup if you make arrangements in advance!!  I did not but if I'm ever back I wound certainly go here again!
4	I was asked to be part of a commercial shoot for the Food Network, so last minute I decided to make an apt here so I wouldn't have to deal with my own hair. They got me in right away and knew exactly what I wanted. They were very friendly, efficient, and professional. I would definitely recommend this salon to anyone who is looking for a great blow out for any occasion.
5	LOVE! LOVE! LOVE! I've gone just about every week, sometimes twice a week for the last 2 years.  I absolutely LOVE everyone that works here!  I have very difficult ethnic-like curly, frizzy dry hair and I come out of the salon with silky, smooth, shiny hair within 35 minutes. I never have to wait & all the stylists are very, very friendly.  I don't understand why some comments say anything negative about the staff...that must have been  "old" staff. Dee, the manager is so wonderful and super kind! The sylists, Taryn, David, Ashley, Danielle, etc. etc. are ALL phenomenal!  Primp & Blow is a MUST & a life saver for me!  They do everyday looks or styles for special events, pictures, interviews, etc. Stylists do not push products on you...which I LOVE.
2	Blow out was good. I was very surprised that I was charged another $10 for my hair to be curled with a curling iron...this was in additional to the $35 for a blowout. Are you kidding me? I have been going to this location on several occassions and this is the first time I was charged the additional $10. Don't think I will be going back....Dry Bar here I come...it is all inclusive of curling iron and blow dry.
2	I brought my bridal party to the Hayden location. The services that we received from the people that actually did our hair and makeup did a great job. My issue was with the manager who worked there. She was very unprofessional and did not listen to any of my concerns. When I made my appointments I specifically told them that I am only paying for makeup and that some of my ladies with be getting their hair done on their own and that I do not want their hair to go under my contract. Well needless to say she did not care about this and I ended up paying for the hair too, when I told the manager that I was not suppose to pay for the hair she just gave me a smug smirk and said, "What you want me to refund you the money, and have them pay for it?" and then she laughed like it was something ridiculous to do. One of my bridesmaids actually had walk away because she could not take how the manager was talking down to and treating me. On top of that when I went for my trial I was told that eyelashes are included ($15 value, but they are ardelle brand that you can get at walgreens for $5) but I could upgrade to the Mink Winks and just pay the difference. Well when on the day of my wedding I upgraded they charged by the full amount $35 and when I asked the manager about this charge she told me that, that is not how it is done and that there is nothing that can be done about it, really? Come on I was a manger in customer service once and every manager knows that if a customer was told something by one of your employees you need to honor it, but nope obviously this manager has no clue. She was extremely unprofessional and she is the reason that I will never return to this establishment even though my services by Briana were great I loved my makeup and hair!
