4	Their Beef patties are frozen out of a box, but they are still good. If you ever have a craving for a beef patty and a ting(Jamaican sprite made with REAL sugar), this is the place. I will note the place looks like its closed. They haven't replaced the piece of plywood covering the broken window in over a year...
5	Great food, great prices.  Friendly people.  They are remodeling (looks great inside) and now have poetry on Thursday nights and play music on Sunday afternoons.  Might be the best food for the price in Charlotte.  Check it out.
2	Well after reading some reviews I thought I would try this place.I thought the safe thing to order would be the Jerk Chicken.They give you PLENTY of food for the price.There is a descent beer selection, but no hard alcohol.When I walked in though, I thought someone had died; there were only 2 people waiting on food; the man working behind the counter started my visit off by yelling at someone on the phone.He then began to talk to me and he was a very nice guy, I believe someone on the phone was screwing with him.  I then asked him about playing some music b/c there were some sound boards up in the front; he said he forgot to turn the music on b/c he was reading a book.So the overall experience was questionable.I took the food to go and was  pretty good, but I'm not going to be running back just because of everything I witnessed.
3	Tiny place across from Fuel Pizza.  Mama is a remarkable older Jamaican woman who does all the cooking.  Her very sweet granddaughter is learning how to be a waitress. There are four or five tables, a small bar with imported and domestic beer and booze.  Up front there are speakers and I am told that they have an open mike night.  I ask them how they would feel about me singing Danny Boy or Vintage Hank Senior.  He said "bring it on".  This place has a ways to go to iron out some of the kinks. Please Please some one give them help with a web site. The food? What we had ( three of us)  was absolutely fantastic.  The best Jerk Chicken I have ever tasted. (very spicy)  Curry Shrimp (Very large portion) very spicy and delicious.  We also had rice and beans, collard greens the best steamed cabbage that I have had in some time,  and boiled bananas and yams.  These are not yams as in sweet potatoes but some Caribbean variant.  There are a number of call ahead specialty items (Callalou, Fry Dumplings among others.   Something called Roti, Oxtail, Curry Goat and many other fascinating items.  My friend who bummed around Jamaica for a time assured me that this was the real deal.  I hope they iron out some of their problems so that they remain in business.  The clientele when we were there was mostly Jamaican.  I loved every thing I tried and will certainly go back soon. Oh every thing is available as carry out and they advertise a $4.99 lunch special.
4	I enjoyed this place. Nice and quiet. They give you a huge plate of food and they have a nice selection of food, considering the prices they should. The service is good, the guy serving us was very nice. I got the curry chicken, collard greens and macaroni and cheese with a beef patty and i was in heaven. my hubby got the jerked chicken, cabbage and sweet potatoes and he was a happy camper too. Overall we were pleased with our experience.
4	I love this little place! It's nestled in the storefronts along Plaza Midwood and pretty easy to overlook unless you're really hungry. We stopped here last Saturday and it had a few people in it. Just like the previous review said, there was an older woman doing all the cooking and a young woman who served as waitress and bar service. I had the macaroni, which tastes nothing like the stereotypical box stuff, instead it was really spicy and way better than any Macaroni I had tasted before. My uncle had the wings, which were also really good. The drink menu is terrific, with sodas and fruit drinks that are beyond the expected. Really good, check it out.
3	This place serves up Jamaican soul food that's the most authentic in town. And by "authentic" I also mean that the restaurant keeps close to its Jamaican roots: the service can be slow, it can take a while to get your food, regardless of how busy (or slow) the place is, the staff keeps the heat on even in summer, and the place looks a little grungy. It's good eats, but sometimes I wonder about the place.
4	Dropped in this evening. The fish stew with red snapper was tasty. Really loved the collards and sweet potatoes. Would go back for them alone. Server was helpful and food was quick considering move was made to order.
1	I will not be back to this restaurant. I placed an order for pickup last Thursday for myself and a co-worker. I had the small jerk meal and my co-worker had a side of collard greens. The chicken was hard, dry and cold. It wasn't fresh.  It was pulled from the fridge and put in the microwave. The beans were hard and rice chewy. The collard greens were bland. Very disappointing. I will not be back.
3	Grabbed a Chicken Roti from here. Wanted it in a wrap but didn't come that way. Food is good and worth the drive for me from South Charlotte. Had a lot to choose from on the menu. Live band was getting ready to play but couldn't stay. Will definitely return.
1	After seeing the negative reviews on this restaurant (be sure to read the filtered reviews also) I decided to give it a chance b/c everyone has different opinions on what is good. MAN, did I make a BIG mistake! There is only one way to describe this restaurant....sketchy! Looks dirty from the front. Looks dirty once you go inside. The food is sub par! I haven't had a lot of Jamaican food in Charlotte. But, I have had it in DC, Chicago, Atlanta. I love Jamaican food. The jerk chicken at this place tastes like someone just grilled chicken and let it sit in some jerk sauce for a bit. Worst of all, I caught the server putting his fingers in between his toes while sitting at the table watching the news. He went straight from that table to the kitchen picked up a togo order, and came back. I saw him the entire time. He did NOT wash his hands after picking his toe jam. Excuse me while I go regurgitate....
4	A Jamaican friend took me to this restaurant for lunch today.  I live in the area, but for some reason had never eaten there.  I guess because of where it is located it is kind of obscure if you're not actually looking for it. I thoroughly enjoyed my meal.  I ordered a shrimp dish and my friend got the lunch special which REMAINS $4.99! ( I see it was the same price in 2010 according to a previous  review.  Amazing!)  There really IS a "Mama" and she is the sole cook.  She is a very nice older woman with strikingly attractive features and a wonderful lilting Jamaican accent. Our waitress was a  nice young American girl, who seemed to have a genuine almost "family" type relationship with "Mama."  We felt very welcome and comfortable there.  It has the kind of relaxed environment that you'll enjoy when you just want to get away from the rat race for a tranquil respite.  The prices are good, and  our meals were delicious.  The Jamaican tea had just the right amount of citrusy sweetness to satisfy my sugar cravings, but  in a more healthy way than drinking a soda.  I'm looking forward to eating there again, and would recommend it to  anyone who is in that area and wants to try a different restaurant.
3	Got the jerk chicken with collard greens and  mac and cheese. Just ok, probably won't go back.  It wasn't bad, just nothing to get excited about.
3	I've walked by the front door on my way to browse stores nearby in Plaza Midwood and have thought a hundred times of stopping in. A friend of mine and I used to always talk of stopping into Mama's. Four years of playing "we should do this" later, we stopped in. And it was pretty good.There's a lunch special was $4.95 for a curry chicken, but we opted on oxtail and Caribbean jerk chicken. The best way to describe the oxtail was being like a chewier pot roast, and pretty nice with the plate's included rice and beans. I know wanting to try someplace out for years builds a lot of hype, so my expectations for the jerk chicken might have unfairly been a little high. The spice mix Mama uses for the chicken is great, with enough punch to brighten up the poultry that's a bit dry. If you have trouble picking side dishes (I can be indecisive, or maybe not), opt for the collard greens instead of the sweet potatoes. The portion is bigger, and the flavor is fuller. On that note, portions are plentiful-the small size will fill you up without making you feel like the Goodyear blimp.Some of the other reviews have mentioned cleanliness and service. When we first came in, we did a lot of "taking in the sights." The sights were a gigantic DJ booth and a wall of speakers, for the music they have on the weekends (that created even more of a mythical status for Mama's). The place looks a little grungy, but since the plywood outside wasn't a problem, I didn't have a problem with the floor and tables looking a little messy.A lot of folks swung by for take-out orders (I'd like to try that out) or even just for a chat. There was one guy explaining his plan for fixing all the world's troubles as a small group of people gathered. We were leaving as he was starting to speak; now I wish we had stayed for it all.
4	Great jerk chicken platter with rice and beans and mac and cheese. The chicken is always cooked perfectly and is spicy but only on your lips. Once you eat it there's so much flavor. I've never gotten any heartburn from their spices and with jerk chicken that's sometimes hard to find. I've been going here for years and it's always been constantly good food for good prices.
4	A little know area for me visiting Charlotte but the food was amazing... Friendly service and a great selection of Jamaican food. Will be back again .
4	The small jerk chicken was amazing! It came with red beans and rice along with some dynamite sweet potatoes! Certainly coming back for more taste of the Caribbean...
4	I've been here many times and will keep coming back. I love the authenticity of the flavors. I always seem to gravitate to the curry goat. I've also had the jerk chicken and it's just as wonderful. I plan on trying the oxtail next time !!!
5	I had brown chicken with gravy. I enjoyed the taste because it was salty and not too salty. Also, the Mac and cheese complimented the chicken well. The food was delivered fast and I would definitely come back again to try the other foods that I have not tried.
4	I have not had good West Indian food since I moved to Charlotte until I ate here. And that's a 7 year timeframe. I gave Mama's a 4 for that reason, though it'd be more like a 3.5 due to service. I ordered a few items that weren't available and then asked for a recommendation... which wasn't available either. But the curry goat is always a good choice, and my personal favorite. The portions leave you full and the prices are reasonable. I will continue to recommend it to friends.
5	What's with all the 4 stars?  Jamaican me crazy, mon!I've live walking distance away... been meaning to try this place out for 4 years.  Tonight I finally got my chance.  I've had the real deal in Jamaica and this took me back.  The jerk chicken is perfect.  Just enough spice to keep things interesting.  Rice and beans included and the small comes with an additional side.  I got 2 small jerk chickens, one with mac and cheese and the other with sweet potatoes (or yams?)  Both were great, but I'll be getting the yams next time.If ya cravin' real Jamaican jerk chicken, no problem mon.  Ya found it here.
2	There was no one to great me and my friend when we walked into the restaurant. Our waiter was sitting down and then she noticed us. She grabbed some menus and stood there for a few minutes while we looked at the menu before walking away. She came back moments later but didn't ask if we were ready she just stood there and my friend ordered then I told her what I wanted. The food came out quick and we didn't get our water until the food came out. She gave us bottled water and we were confused. She decided we would have bottled waters and not tab. I was OFFENDED. We ordered jerk chicken mac and cheese and sweet potatoes. The food was plated nicely and good although everything was spicy. OVERDOSE ON GHOST PEPPER AND SCOTCH BONNET PEPPERS. The waitress never asked how our meal was or offered us any more water. There was no service Im shocked especially at a place with linens and such you would assume there would be someone to take care of you. She gave us the check we paid and she didn't wait until we left before grabbing the signed copy. Instead she came over and asked if we were finished so she could take it. Never thanked us for our service. HORRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE.
4	I don't know a lot about Jamaican food but the jerk chicken I had tonight was excellent albeit, very messy. The place looks a little sketch from the outside and the owners kids were in the front screaming the whole time but the food was too good to complain.
