3	Now I always give new places a couple chances, so I'll start with a three star review. We've been eager to try this place out since seeing it under construction. I love pasta so I had high hopes. I won't say I was disappointed, but they definitely have some room to grow.They have basically an a la carte menu; you pick a pasta type, a sauce type, and any toppings you want. I got a simple pasta with meat sauce. Husband got fettuccine with Cajun alfredo sauce. There was a small computer glitch when my husband ordered, but the employees figured it out somehow and got us our food. The portion is a good size and my pasta was definitely tasty. It was al dente like I requested (you can also request well done). They give you a small bread basket, which was unspectacular but appreciated. They offer delivery which I'm sure will be convenient in the future.Now for the downsides: The staff are all just out of high school types, meaning lackluster, apathetic service. The service was fine, but not friendly. Okay, I can live with it, hopefully it will improve. There is also no music playing in this place. When you are dining in it becomes very awkward; you are basically listening to the employees having private conversations. Hopefully music is coming soon to their dining area.Lastly, and this is something that probably won't change; it's expensive. My pasta was like $11.50, my husband's was more. For that price, I can get the same pasta from Olive Garden PLUS endless salad or soup and breadsticks. Every little topping costs extra; want mushrooms? That's $1. Want chives? That's another $1. I can see charging extra for meats, but CHIVES? So for convenience it's great, but I think it's a bit too pricey for what you're getting.In all I'll definitely be back, but the husband and I might split our pasta...
3	DH & I dropped in last night since we were in a pinch and didn't enough time or groceries on hand to make a meal.  We were on our way to Aladdin's when we spotted this place.  It looked like a chain on the outside, and it's more certainly a chain on the inside.  The place has a very nice setup, with colorful pictures of the different type of pasta.  They were playing some lively music, which brought a nice vibe to the place.  The place is setup like a chipotle or a subway where you can customized your pasta.  We noticed the pasta servings were quite large (in our opinion) so we decided to split, and order a salad plus garlic bread.  The food was delicious!  You can taste the freshness in the homemade pasta, the sauce, the grilled bread - with REAL garlic on it, and the salad.The staff/service was excellent.  They were young kids, but they served the food fast, and with a smile.  I didn't have any issues ordering, or receiving our food.The drawbacks are price.  I thought the salad was priced high at $7.99.  Although it was a good sized portion.  It's understandable that the pasta is pricey since it's fresh pasta, and fresh sauce, not mass produced food from olive garden.  However I do not like that fact you have to pay extra money for each topping.  It should operate more like subway I think, with unlimited toppings :).
1	Wanted to order online and pick it up at 6:15 p.m. on our way to a 7:00 outdoor concert.  Since it was 5:20, the site limited my choices to 6:30 or ASAP (15-20 minutes).  Since I didn't want the order sitting there for 30-40 minutes waiting for me, I called and asked what to do.  Mike was very helpful and said to send it through and he would see that it was ready at 6:15.  When I got there at 6:10 and asked the counter person, it was not ready yet (expected).  My people waited in the car for me.  At 6:25 when I asked her again, she asked Mike, who apparently put it aside and never started it!  I finally got it at 6:35 and we hurried to our concert.  Upon arrival and opening the food, I found that the salads had no dressing and the "special salad" had no apples, cranberries or dressing.  The chicken marsala was tasy, but dry.  The three "free" cannoli Mike included were okay, but certainly didn't overcome the "bad taste."  I filled out an online feedback form which they've either not looked at or chosen to take in stride.  I would not return.
1	I visited Lilly's on Forbes Avenue in Squirrel Hill last week.  I decided to give it a try because several people were eating at the sidewalk tables and the pasta and meatballs looked good with generous portions.  There are pictures on the wall and you order from the wall menu by building your pasta dish in three steps.  It was dinner time so I ordered ziti (step 1) with pink tomato vodka sauce at a hefty price of $9.99 (step 2) and added meatballs (step 3) from the fresh toppings at 2 for $1.49.  I also ordered a large piece of Tiramisu for $4.99.This was a take out order that cost me 30 minutes of my time.  The wait seemed a bit long but I was hungry and looking forward to enjoying my meal when I got home 15 minutes later.It was around 7 pm when I ordered this meal on a Wednesday night and they must have been running low on vodka sauce and pasta because both were scarce and what there was of the sauce was bland tasting.  Also, they must have run out of the meatballs I paid for as they were not included in the bag so I can't comment on the taste.  I will say that the young employees they have working there are more concerned with socializing than paying attention to the orders they are filling.  When I got to the dessert, it was half the size of the palm of my hand maybe 4" long and 2" wide and looked smashed up.  I paid $5.00 for a large size so how small must their small size be for $3.00?  The Tiramisu did not taste fresh made.  More like it came out of a generic frozen box.Don't waste your hard earned money here.  Rose Tea Cafe just up the street has better noodles than this place!!!
1	TWaited over half an hour for ziti. The table next to us knew one of the employees. Ordered 10 minutes after us and got there food before us. Never again. Thanks Mike.
2	The food is delicious. The prices are too high and the service is bad. I gave this place 4 chances. The food was very good all 4 times. Delicious and fresh, but too expensive. The cheapest lunch pasta option is 7.99 pre-tax. without meat.All four times waiting time  was over 20 minutes even though one of those times I pre-ordered online (40 minutes total wait time) and the other time I only took desert to go. None of those times did they have long lines or anything. Just 2-3 people. People working there are very unprofessional, unorganized and work too slow. They constantly look worried about messing up people's orders and can't organize the process efficiently. That said, the owner/GM is very nice and friendly, always finds something to say, apologize for the wait, offer a drink etc. One time he added free cannolis to my order. Those were delicious! Nicely filled with great tasting cream. So today I was passing by and went in just to buy the cannolis to go. It took them over 20 minutes to make those and when I got home I saw that all three of them had almost no filling at all! Just some filling on each side, but absolutely nothing inside! I might try other locations of this chain, but will never visit this one again.
3	I have gone to Lilly's in the afternoon for take out on 3 occasions. The young woman,Autumn, who has waited on me each time is exceedingly courteous and professional. The pasta is good albeit I can understand the criticisms about the high prices. I think the afternoon employees are well-trained and seem willing to make your experience a positive one. I will definitely continue going; and, I am sure that they will listen and adjust to the untoward comments. Again, my only issue would address the price points and it would probably temper the critics if Lilly's would lower some of its pricing. My afternoon stops there have yielded positive results both with food and service.
2	I really don't now what to do with this place. They have a great concept and they deliver which is very convenient, but the product is incredibly inconsistent.Every time we order from here one of us has a great dish and the other has a disgusting one. My husband came home with our food and my angel hair with meat sauce was gummy, dry, and just plain not good. I've had this before and it was great, so I knew it wasn't the way it was supposed to be. We called about it and the girl had the nerve to say "It looked fine to me." SERIOUSLY?! These kids at this place really need to learn a thing or two about customer service. My husband had to ask for a manager to get the order fixed. To his credit, the manager was quite friendly and delivered us a new order (along with the side salads that were originally missing from our order...come on! And it's not the first time that has happened) My new pasta still tasted funny...it must have been that day's batch of sauce. But my husband's food was good this time. I just don't get it. They seem to have a quality control issue.
5	I thought this was pretty good food.  It's recently been added to Campusfood so I thought I'd give it a try.  I've tried other pasta places but this was definitely better than I expected.  I ordered the Lobster Ravioli as it was featured as a signature dish and Mac & Cheese Wedges as an appetizer.  The Mac & Cheese Wedges were different but a little too oily for me, but quite delightful regardless (at least when hot :D).   The Lobster Ravioli was a surprise.  I was surprised by the number of options that you could put on the pasta.  Although it costs money to add the extra toppings, the meatballs and eggplant that I added to the ravioli was the right choice.  As my choice of sauce, I chose the Pink Sweet Crab Cream Sauce, which had actual crab in it unlike some other restaurants.  Very creamy.  The ravioli itself was stuffed with  cheese and lobster.  Overall I think this was an amazing dish.When I ordered, the food got delivered right to my door step.  Definitely want to order from here again and try something new.
