3	This was the third NY&Co that I had been to in one day - I was on the hunt for a 3/4 sleeve blazer that I really wanted.  Out of the three, this store was the most unorganized and they didn't seem to have as much of a selection as the other two stores.  Also, the staff looked.... dirty except for one man that was working there.  Why any man would want to work there is beyond me but thanks for dressing up dude, you make the place shine.
4	I had a pretty great experience here and I felt inclined to write about it. I went in looking for a top for an important interview I had and the service the woman gave me was impeccable. I went to purchase the blouse I had found (and adored) and a white tank top to wear underneath it. She quickly told me that there was a buy one get one 50% sale and that one of my items didn't fulfill the sale. She directed me to a tank top that did indeed work and I was floored by her honesty and assistance. The only thing that kept me from giving a five star review was the other guy working. He wasn't friendly or personable and didn't acknowledge me at all when I was roaming around. It was kind of a bummer. In general, the service was really great and I look forward to going back.
3	I have always been to this New York and Company and have always had a great experience. The girls there were always nice and very helpful. Also very helpful in knowing what coupons to use and when. My last visit there which was on black friday was not a great experience at all. All the girls there except for one had very bad attitudes like they did not want to be there its like you know you are new so will work the worst hours at least you have a job. I understand it was midnight but seriously you need to treat customers good. So I made a purchse at the register and after I swiped my card realized that there was a coupon out for that day I asked her and she was like oh to late now I cannot do anything. I am afraid to go know especially if those kind of people work there now. It is a shame because I really do like shopping there.
