4	Gowireless aka Verizon here in Ahwatukee is a good store. Wireless Consultant Christine is Awesome! She was not my original consultant, I wish she was though. Christine went out of her way to take care of me on my return visit. I had ordered a Driod X and she was able to help me with all my questions. I used my phone for about a month, had a few questions in regards to some functions, went in and she took care of me again. Great customer service! Thanks Christine!
1	The only reason I gave them 1 star was because you couldn't give NEGATIVE scores! I will NEVER shop here again. This is NOT a true Verizon store.  They're a FRANCHISE store that only purchases products from Verizon and re-sells them on Verizon's network. Their RULES and Verizon's TRUE stores have a different set of rules as far as returns and warranties go, etc...Today I attempted to return a product that was sold to me under false pretenses. I have a Pacemaker/Defibrillator and purchased this product to use with my medical device, so they could check it remotely.  I don't think that it was done INTENTIONALLY, at least I HOPE it wasn't done intentionally, but  after today I'm starting to wonder.This week I had an appt where I was told what I had purchased will not work with ANY medical devices. These devices transfer data (via the Fax theory) and these wireless home phone devices don't work like that. When I tried to return it., UNOPENED & UNUSED, the manager called 911 on me, AFTER I had agreed to ANY charges he had to charge me for taking back the product.  But I'm just not paying for something for 2 years that I not only don't really need, but that the product doesn't do what I NEED it to do. I don't know about you, but I can't afford to pay for something that is actually WORTHLESS to me.  He tried to intimidate me with all these re-stocking fees as well as his threats of my losing another discount, on something else etc... When that didn't work, he made the decision to call 911 on me for telling him "Then he could KEEP the sonofabitch". I said that immediately after he REFUSED to take it back and told me there's NOTHING he's going to do to help me. At that point I picked up the box, moved it to the other side of the counter... DROPPED the box... (it dropped hard but was NOT SLAMMED), when I said... "You can keep the sonofabitch then!"  Let me also note that there was no one else in the store, just me., so I did not make a scene in front of any other customers.  Next thing I know he's telling  me to "...leave the store or he'd call the cops". Not being intimidated by a "CELLPHONE SALESMAN", I told.him I wasn't going anywhere until I get this handled. (I was also on hold with "Verizon Customer Service" at the time, who had previously TOLD me (20 mins earlier) to take it back to the store and if I had ANY problems returning it to call them from the store where they could speak to the manager) In the meantime the manager (Zach) decides to CALL 911 and in about 5 minutes, 3-5 cops show up, while I'm still on hold sitting in a chair not saying a word! The cops walk in and ask him what the problem was, and he tells them I was throwing stuff around and cursing at him. When I chimed in to the cop and said... "I'm a real problem over here huh?  ONE of the 5 of the "Doughnut Brigade", decided he was going to try to GOAD me into something so he could cuff me. I didn't fall for his trap, so the hairlip didn't get his satisfactionBut the bottom line on this issue is that this manager didn't want to deal with the problem and due to his LACK of "Customer Service" skills, he called the Police on a customer who had been with Verizon less than 30 days, with 3 OTHER devices connected to my account. So, for a couple of bucks, he chose to piss off a BRAND NEW CUSTOMER, that very easily could've LEFT Verizon cuz AT&T, T-mobile and Sprint are ALL paying early termination fees. AT&T's begging me to come back.VERIZON corporate itself was GREAT! They ended up working with me and decided it was better to make a customer happy over a couple dollars than it was to call the COPS on him. VERIZON itself is WONDERFUL and took care of the problem IMMEDIATELY. Even they were appalled at this guy calling the cops. I will continue to be a Verizon Customer...  But BEWARE!!! This store is NOT a Verizon Store. They're a bunch shysters selling products under Verizon's name, that ARE NOT BEHOLDEN to Verizon's Corporate Rules, Policies and Business Standards! Instead take the time and travel ACROSS I-10 to the CORPORATE Verizon Store on 54th Street in Chandler.  But do yourself a favor and PLEASE STEER CLEAR of this store! You'll be sorry if you don't... I couldn't believe I almost went to jail over a fricking phone!
5	I recently switched from Sprint after 13 years. I wanted to see what Verizon had to offer and met with the Store Manager Mike. He went over the different plans and showed me the top phones and reviewed the specs. I left with a great phone,great deal and all with a quick turnaround so I didn't burn all of my lunchtime from work. I recommend checking this location out and asking for Mike.
5	Went in to start a new phone service and walked out of the store pleased with what I got. I was very happy with the service I received from Mitchell, who seemed very knowledgeable and was very patient in covering all I was asking for. I also appreciate Kalee's time and input in today's purchase. Thanks guys!
5	This loction is easy and convenient for my phone needs. Kalee has helped me with several issues as I learn how to use my phone.. she is very patient and teaches me something each time. James has been helpful in many ways.  If you want a smooth transition to a new phone, upgrade with no stress this is the right location for all your needs.
5	Kaylee Roussell at this location was fantastic!! She really knows her stuff.  She was so helpful with setting up my new phone.  Other consultants at other locations were not as knowlegable,  She is a winner :))
5	Came into the store on East Ray Rd. on October 10th.  James R. greeted me immediately - I explained I was there to upgrade into a smart phone (Iphone) and he was extremely nice and showed extreme patience when he kept having to run into the back because I kept changing my mind on the color.  When I finally picked a color he reviewed my account with the store manager, Mike F., and BOTH of them worked on my account and gave me a better deal where I was switched to their Edge plan. Furthermore, they sat and explained the different plans to me and detailed out my bill.  These two associates took the confusion out of upgrading my phone. Not only did they keep me a Verizon/GoWireless customer for life I will go back to these two associates again....Which I did, days later (October 14th) to upgrade my husband's phone.  On the website it states "Each and every GoWireless employee is focused, committed and dedicated to our customers" This is the truest of the true statement when it comes to Mike and James at store 4810 East Ray Road.
5	My husband and I went into this location yesterday to replace his broken phone. Kalee was fantastic!  We were greeted immediately and she was very helpful answering all our questions and finding the right phone and plan for him.  In the end she managed to save all his contacts and pictures and set up his new phone.  Everyone in this store was friendly and knowledgable.  I would highly recommend it!
