4	Small, cozy neighborhood spot. Long L shaped sushi counter and a few tall tables for small groups.Excellent for a rainy day, a big window to watch every other poor soul charge through bad weather while you lean over a bowl of ramen.My favorite is the veggie ramen with spicy miso broth. Now, it's not spicy but it flavorful.Sashimi is presented simply and is consistently fresh with a good portion for a reasonable price. I tried their sesame pancake and it was heavy but tasty (cooked in oil). Service is really friendly but always only one server so wait times can be a little long. Deal with it, it's worth it.
4	If there's a go-to place for me and my fiancee, it's Ramen Ya. She works right next to the place and always goes to have lunch there. I think in total we've been there a good 35 or so times.. alone or with friends or family. The amazing thing about it is: Ramen Ya has never been short of very good. Not once did we walk out not feeling like we just had a very good meal. My fiancee has become a bit of an expert of the menu, and she says everything on the menu is good. As a vegetarian I have tried all of my options and I agree with her. Usually I either have a soup + spring rolls (the best in Montreal btw) or a combination of appetizers.The gyozas, spring rolls and sesame pancakes are all excellent.. The spring rolls are the best I've ever tasted anywhere - and I order them everywhere that has them. The soup is great and so is the veggie teriyaki dish.  Prices are reasonable as well... there's nothing negative to say about the place and that's why it's one of our go-to places!
4	Ramen-Ya serves a great spicy ramen miso! I usually get it with extra pork for an extra yummy experience! It's a small and quiet place that is a change from the usual saint Laurent hustle and bustle.Because of this intimate atmosphere it is great for a date! Charm your sweetheart with a warm bowl of ramen. I'm serious, this place is great for a date. The comfort food helps! GO GO if you near by!For an added treat I like to treat myself to fried mochi with ice cream. Hello heaven!
2	I must say that we were drawn to this place. First, it's dark and freezing outside. There is nothing that soothes the soul better than slurping on a hot bowl of ramen noodles. Second, the website looks terrific and finally it had good ratings on yelp.First the positive points. This place is quite nice and cozy and the menu has a good selection of inexpensive items. We had a bowl of spicy miso ramen which had a nicely cooked egg. However, as I was sitting by the bar, I knew the food was going to be subpar when I saw the cook put a frozen piece of katsu in the deep fryer. That katsu tasted like cardboard... Actually it was the same thickeness as a piece of cardboard now that I think about it! Throughout the night, I saw the cook handle various piece of frozen food like tempura. So I wouldn't be surprised if the noodles were packaged and the broth full of MSG. Only the okonomiyaki was ok although they were very cheap on the bonito flakes, mayo and teriyaki sauce. I thought the noodles and the broth were forgettable. After a long walk to get to this place, we left the restaurant still a bit hungry and sorely disappointed... Never again!
3	Ramen-Ya is perhaps best described as a very friendly Ramen shop that needs a bit more work on the food-end to get the product to live up to the price tag.This isn't Vancouver, folks. Montreal Japanese cuisine is expensive, and here is no different than any other authentic place I can think of. But to their credit, the family operating the place is very fluent (en francais or English) and eager to help you figure out what any given on the menu may be. They have a fairly comprehensive assortment of dishes (yakisoba, udon, gyoza, sushi) but most will go for the named Ramen. It's not surprising; one step in and the atmosphere alone will have you convinced the place means business.The ramen is what I'd call...unusual? My pork Shoyu bowl had a noticeable taste of seafood for some reason - not a great idea - but the pork cutlet was neatly fried and sliced to the side, which really helped with the flavor. (There is a reasonably priced trio set (~$20) with gyoza and beer which I'd recommend to anyone looking for a traditional Ramen set experience.) Other dishes we experienced had similar ups and downs. The gyoza was excellent, but small for the money.It's not in-and-out neighborhood ramen, and I don't think I would choose it over Kazu anytime soon, but it's a fine choice for Japanese eating in the area. I'd definitely consider it again if I couldn't decide what to eat.
5	This is the best ramen in the city. I live in Montreal and I have tried others and nothing come close in Montreal. Eat ramen, it is called Ramen-ya
2	Bon, c'est pas le meilleur Ramen que je connaisse.
5	Great Food, Friendly Locals, Amazing Host!Ramen-Ya has been my favorite restaurant experience in months.  I was in town for my brothers bachelor party, and after a rowdy Friday night the five of us needed to recuperate before diving again into the fray.  Being a rainy day, thoughts of warm food and soup created a longing for Ramen, that once shared with the team was exactly what we were all looking for.  A quick search of Yelp, and we were on our way to Ramen-Ya!  We arrived around 7:30 on a Saturday, and ironically the only seats available were at a table for five.  I know we were lucky as all of the other seats stayed full all night long.We ordered drinks and appetizers, and they arrived quickly.  Sitting near the bar, the regulars at the counter were fun and easy to talk to.  But everything got even better when our Host came to talk about the menu.  I love Ramen and have eaten all of it's iterations from the "Top" to the bottom, including specialty shops in five different Japanese prefectures.  I Like Ramen.  But I have never experienced the joy of a Ramen house that you see in the movies...ever seen "Ramen Girl",  or for that matter even Po's father in Kung Fu Panda?  There's supposed to be something special about making Ramen, that I've never experienced it before.  Until Ramen-Ya.  As I was saying our Hostess arrived at the table and talked to us, at length about the different broths she had been working on that day, what was in them, what she thought would be best paired with them, and about what we each liked.  Red Meat, chicken, spicy, sweet, she covered all of the bases, and helped us each make our own perfect choice.  And we all did.We shared across the bowls, and drank beer, and laughed with the other guests, and with the sushi chefs and the hostess.  We stayed for about an hour and a half, and were never rushed or pressured, and had exactly the type of experience you want to have when you have your best friends together for a good time.Montreal, you are lucky to have Ramen-Ya, long may you support her!
3	I was visiting Montreal from Little Rock and felt like I had to take advantage of the big city to catch some japanese ramen and okonomiyaki. Sure enough, I found this place and decided to give it a try. The service wasn't great, the guy who waited my table, who appeared to be the manager if not the owner, didn't really look too enthused to have us there. Having said that, the food was good. The broth was a bit greasy yet it still did the trick. Their okonomiyaki is a bit unorthodox in that they use panko to make the texture more crispy. After eating poutine for the first 3 days in Montreal, it was a good switch.
3	This is a pretty good ramen-ya. I don't think that it's run by Japanese, but nevertheless they seem to produce a fairly authentic bowl of noodles. Noodles are fine, if unexceptional. The roast pork was tender but had little substance. The soup was a bit of a let down, however - lackluster and uninspired. Overall it's satisfactory, but I wouldn't be rushing back.The takoyaki, on the other hand, was very good.
2	PROS:1. The resto is very small and quaint. The lighting highlights the food yet is dark and red at the same time. Good for those who get the Asian glow from alcohol! :)2. The ramen was yummy but nothing special. OVERALL:-Cute intimate little place for a date or casual eats. -Not a place I'd rave about, but a good option if in the area.
4	Came here on a monday afternoon for some lunch. The staff here is fast and friendly. I had the spicy beef chatsu, which I was told was only spicy tasting and not spicy burning. The difference is if you will be paying for it later, which the lady told me I wouldn't (but I did, I SOOOO DID!!!). Anyways, it was delicious, and the two spices they give you really add to the flavor of it. Their green tea was also very delicious. The place is a bit small, but cozy. I would say the price is pretty expensive for what you get, but I think it's because one of us had ordered from the bento box, not too sure though as I didn't get a receipt, nor did I care.
4	Refreshing little spot on St Laurent (and in my heart): clean, calm, tiny, restful, not too bright, friendly knowledgeable staff and delicious cozy ramen. I'm not an expert but a friend who had lived in Japan for years pointed me here and I was not at all disappointed. Not the exceptional shiney purity of tastes and ingredients as at Kazu, but a huge cut above a lot of the grizzly bar food on the Main. I've only tried the spicy chicken and a vegetable ramen so far, both healing big bowls, deliciously flavorful, not at all greasy, super comfort food. The price is under $20, so typical for Montreal, but a meal like this would be cheaper in less expensive cities, and on less expensive streets (the rents on the Main have gone bananas.) C'est la vie I guess; I'm awful glad  Ramen-Ya is around.
3	Tried the kara age (fried chicken) , um not goodOnly thing decent here is the ramen, I mean the texture of the noodles, the broth is a bit too salty.The grilled chicken is quite good, the meat is fresh and it is well grilled.The teriyaki udon was a bit too sweet...I didn't feel it...
4	Everywhere I go, I always try one ramen spot.  In Montreal, I tried Ramen-Ya, which was two metro stops and a few blocks walk from our hotel.  My wife and I arrived for a fairly late dinner (9 pm).  The restaurant decor reminded me of Ippudo, but wayyyy smaller.  We started with appys:I ordered the karaage and wifey ordered the age dashi tofu.  The tofu was pretty amazing.  I think the fact that it was breaded made it better.  The karaage was just okay.  I ordered the chashu miso ramen and the wife ordered the chashu shoyu ramen.  I must say the the broth was pretty damn tasty.  I'm glad it wasn't overly salty.  The chashu slices (more than one, thank God!) was tender yet didn't have much taste.  The straight noodles were decent tasting and slurp-worthy.  This was a solid ramen restaurant.  I'm not sure if the restaurant was run by actual Japanese so I didn't bust out any Nihongo, but nevertheless, my ramen craving was satisfied that night.
1	So it's a Friday, and we're a group of colleagues. You know the deal,  large group, high spirits, cause, hey, it's a Friday.There doesn't seem to be a table large enough to accommodate the size of our group, and we're just trying to figure out how to split ourselves up, when the waiter pounces on some guy who's eating and MOVES him. Ok, that works our for us, but I've never seen a patron pushed off his table mid-meal before in my life. This should have been my first clue.So we sit, and 10 minutes or so later, the waiter takes our order. Ask him a few questions, almost all of which are answered in a mumble that sounds like "yes, it's noodles". Same answer to all questions. Well, we're all tech geeks, so a quick search on our phones manages to DE-mystify most of the menu. Second clue as to the service.40 minutes later, and 1 salad and 2 soups have appeared so far. There's a bit of hunger going on by now. One of my colleagues is eying the remnants of one of the salads, so we push it over to him. 50 minutes in, and HALF of the table is served. Umm, ok.  The remaining 4 of us are patient, and figure we're next.  My colleague is now fiddling with the paper wrapper from the chopsticks and I'm afraid he's going to eat it.60 minutes in, still no food for the remaining 4, and in the meantime we've watched 3 other tables get served.70 minutes in, I go remind the server that half of our table is missing food. "Yeah? It's busy."75 minutes in, and finally the remaining 4 dishes appear. And my salmon teriyaki is RAW.  STONE COLD RAW.'nuff said. Never again.
4	Ramen-ya has always been the kind of spot I'm happy to have in my neighbourhood. Reasonably priced, delicious food, in a cosy setting. But lately on my walks up the street I've noticed Ramen-Ya has expanded into the space next door, transforming from cosy hole in the wall to full blown restaurant. I dropped in for a late lunch and got to check out the new space and was quite impressed. The service was very quick, but I wonder how the kitchen can handle a huge room full of people? I guess I'll have to come back to check it out. On this visit I had a spicy beef ramen and it was absolutely delicious. I feel like they've stepped up their game since my last visit some time ago.  Not sure exactly what was different, but it tasted even better than it usually does.
3	I'd really like to give this place 4 stars, but there are some things about it which makes it an A - Ok place. Firstly, we 'll talk about the positive. Ramen-ya has a great ambiance and vibe to it.  It's quite spacious and you can see an open kitchen.  The appetizers were very delicious as well, quite a variety! My friends ordered sashimi, okonomiyaki, while I ordered the spicy salmon tartare. It was definitely appetizing and really tasty.Now the negative. The service? So slow!! Luckily my group wasn't in a rush, but  we were there for almost 1 hour 1/2 before we received our appetizers. The main came not too long after, but there was barely any ramen in it! I had the katsu (pork cutlet) ramen and it was delicious, but i felt like the portion size was a bit too small for my liking.I'd prefer Misoya, more expensive but the broth is more tasteful I find. Service is also quicker. So don't come here if you are hungry because expect a long wait. At least that's what happened to us that Friday evening.
3	If you're addicted to real ramen, this place will do for a fix. But that's about it. Rating Scale:1 Star: Avoid the town in which this place is located just to be safe.  2 Star: With so many great places to choose from, why risk this one?3 Star: I'll try it again or consume here in a pinch.4 Star: I go here regularly if financially and/or calorically feasible.5 Star: I look forward to taking my wife or friends here.
2	I went here a couple of months ago while on my quest for the best ramen in town. I was dissapointed. Broth was salty, and taste-wise, I've seen better. The fried bananas were also disappointing, very pasty and didn't highlight the fruit. The only good thing I would say I enjoyed was their takoyaki.As for the service, it was slow, and we never received the second batch of takoyaki my brother ordered. Overall, the food isn't great, weak service and blunt atmosphere.
3	I ordered Karaage and grilled pork ramen at this restaurant. The food was pretty satisfactory, but it was a bit pricey that I'm not sure if I would check out next time.
3	The place is always full of people so I was really looking forward to trying out their ramen.  Ramen-Ya is also referred as Kurobuta Izakaya.  Kurobuta is berkshire pork, the very best.  It's a pork equivalent of Kobe beef.  We went for an early lunch on a Saturday.  Unfortunately the ramen simply falls short, because of their broth.  Ramen broths are tricky to make.  It needs to be fresh, rich and flavorful.  Their broth is fresh, but lacks the other two essentials.  Maybe that why it's called Ramen-Ya when I search it in Yelp.  :-)
3	Ramen-ya is located  on St Laurent. Unlike other Ramen places, this place is big and they can accommodate large groups. The meat in the ramen (pork) is really good. The thing that bothered me was the broth. Was not impressed. Also the Karaage was a big disappointment. It had a thick fluffy layer of batter and it wasn't crispy at all. That's not how Karaage is meant to be. So my quest to find a good Ramen place in Montreal still continues. Sorry Montreal, but Toronto still has an upper hand when it comes to Ramen joints. Food : Good, Not GreatService :FastAmbiance : CasualWorth the price : Yes
3	I visited montreal this summer and had to give their ramen a go. I got the spicy beef ramen (when in canada, get.the.beef.) It had a ton of meat in it. The broth was a nice flavor but it was more sweet than spicy. It kind of had a teriyaki vibe to it. In comparison to places in the states it was cheap. It was a big bowl that I barely finished. The toppings were ok, nothing stellar. The egg was great. It was the cooked white but still jelly-like yellow. I appreciate a non overcooked egg. I bet this is the place to go in the winter for a big hot bowl of ramen.
5	The dumplings are delicious, the Ramen soups are flavorful, the meat is tasty and tender. And to add it all, the service is great. My girlfriend and I go there to satisfy our Ramen urges and have never been disappointed. I even find myself trying new things once in a while, like the fried octopus balls (really not my thing), but I'm glad I tried. Simple downer, it's hot in there.
4	Apres avoir cherche 30min pour un restaurant servent des soupes ramen vege, je suis tombe sur celui-la, qui est tout pres de mon travail.Ma fixation pour manger un Ramen n'a pas ete une deception en decident d'aller la bas!Super service, rapide et bonne atmosphere, je donne 4  en attendant d'y retourner pour y essayer d'autre plats!!Je recommande au vege la soupe Ramen legumes & champignons, un vrai delice!
4	I was on my way back to the hotel from Marche Jean Talon and super hungry. Came accross this ramen place on St. Laurent Blvd.Ramen was pretty good, you can't really benchmark against the one that they have in NYC. It's quite good...Ordered the tonkotsu and pork cheek. Both of them were delicious, fatty, and salty...If you're in Montreal and in the mood for Ramen, come visit this place.
1	Salty as fuck!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
3	Very salty ramen, reasonable gyoza. Kalbi is slightly over-seasoned. Definitely not one of the best places I've been to for ramen, but for a late dinner on a cold night in the neighborhood, it does well. Service is quite slow.
2	The concept of Ramen is very simple and quite delightful. You get "there", order your Ramen, and eat your Ramen. In Japan, the concept is cool because usually you order and pay through a machine (like an ATM) and everything is done rapidly and orderly. Thus, my surprise at the complete lack of service of Ramen-Ya. Ordering a Ramen soup took nearly 20 minutes. The Noodle is the key to a good Ramen soup, Broth being the second ingredient. I would've expected something quite good coming out of Ramen-Ya but unfortunately the noodles were plain and tasteless. Poor texture, no spring to them and difficult to noisily suck "in". The Broth was good however, a mix of miso and chicken fond. Enough taste to finish and not too salty to require additional water. The fillings (porc slabs and vegies) were poor in taste and quantity, making the overall Ramen experience a  big mEh. At least the egg wasn't overcooked. Took the better part of an hour to eat a simple Ramen. After which, being still hungry, we asked for the menu, but were unable to re-order ( we got forgotten i suppose...). So we forgot to tip in return. Sad to see this place so busy with the hispter vibe of the plateau, but fail at the simpliest of task. They seemed very busy with their takeout orders tho...
