3	Every Monday at Eddie V's customers seated in the bar area get half off certain items on the bar menu.  My favorties from the half off menu are the iceberg salad and the Kung Pai Calamari.  They also have an extensive list of seasonal oysters and excellent wines.  After 10pm it turns into an over 50 singles scene.
5	When you absolutely have to have seafood, this is the place. I've eaten here many times, and have never had a bad meal. Excellent service. Great ambience. If you go for the bar scene, be aware that it's DARK in there. If that's OK, you'll like it. Great wine list! I have not been back since the chef moved to Eddie V's new operation at the Waterfront (Wildfish...which is also excellent, by the way), so I can't say what, if any, impact that has had on the food coming out of the kitchen.
5	We really like to go to Eddie V's for happy hour.  Great frinks and halpf price appetizers.  The rock shrimp fritters are one of my favorites and DH always has many oysters on the half shell.  I love eating great appetizers and having an excuse to eat the to die for chocolate cake......
2	The host staff was very warm and welcoming when walking in to a surprising dark lobby.  After waiting a few mintues we were sat for our reservation in the back corner by the windows.  Or server came by soon after and was all smiles but in an over the top confused look sort of way.  She offered sparking or flat when we ask for flat she brought out Fiji -- normally at nicer restaurants this is complimentary but we spent $24 on water which was a suprise given it was never mentioned.  The server was all too eager to keep pushing for the up sale and the add on it was very annoying.  We ordered one bottle of wine for the three at the table drinking and she insisted we get two bottles, etc.  We poured all of our own wine after the first pour, so I never did bother to order another one....The food, I can only speak for the taste of my own food, but all 7 of us were fighting for the bathroom later that night (sorry probably too much information).  I started with the Caprese salad which was small and not refreshing.  I got one slice of tomato and one slice of Buffalo Mozzarella garnish with a handful of dry spring greens that sat in vinegar.  For dinner I ordered the Chilean Sea Bass "Hong Kong" style which was aromatic and had good flavors but the fish itself didn't seem as fresh as it could of been.  Maybe it was because it was steamed it didn't fall apart like what I was used to... I'm not sure.This place was nothing special thats for sure, good wine list though and the bar area did look fun unfortunately we didn't both to stay and check that out.
3	Eddie V's is an interesting place, very good service, over the top good.  I found that like many "nice" restaurants, the place is pretty, but the food was just OK.  I liked the salad, and the Oysters ( which I had to pay full price for since I was in the dining room - If you want the happy hour pricing you have to eat in the bar.)  My steak was just OK.All in all, the dinner was a nice night out, but next time I think it would have been better to hang out in the bar area.
3	I hate to say this, but after my experience at Eddie V's last night, I think they've gone down hill...  There was a lot of miscommunication - here's why:Upon walking in, we were pleased to see that they still offer all night happy hour on Sundays and Mondays.  (Their happy hour = 1/2 off most appetizers and I believe drink specials too).  The hostess asked us for our name and we responded that we didn't have a  reservation; that we were just going to eat and drink in the bar area. She was not the friendliest, and just nodded.  Side note - no reservation was needed as the restaurant was not busy!So, we sat in the bar area and when the waiter came to take our order (we were a group of 4), we placed several appetizer orders right off the bat and said that would be good to start and we'd add more to the order in a bit.  We also ordered drinks.  I specifically ordered my new favorite 'black cherry effen vodka with soda.'So when the waiter came back with the news that they were out of black cherry effen and didn't carry it anymore, I was a little disappointed.  No big deal though, I went with the 3 Olives Cherry Vodka instead WITH SODA.  Waiter comes back with the drinks and mine  looks like cherry coke.  I taste it and sure enough. he's given me a cherry vodka with diet coke - no clue where that came from, but he took it back and brought me (finally) what I ordered.  In the meantime. he came over and asked if we were ready to order... When we asked if the first round would be out soon, he said he didn't put it in yet as he did not think we were serious when we put the first round in.  Ugh - not funny when you're with 2 very hungry men :)We ended up ordering more and were all hungry for the first round of scallops, ahi tuna, mixed green/pear/goat cheese salad, corn and crab chowder. and crab cake.  In the meantime, we were given bread and butter, but alas, no silverware, app plates, or napkins... no big deal - we got those within a couple of minutes.  We were so happy with the first round. (except for the soup which we all agreed tasted like water and potatoes so we sent it back) that we decided to order more... another scallops. another ahi tuna, a tuna tartare, broiled oysters with a spinach and artichoke fondue, and a steak.  This time, it took an extremely long time for our food to arrive and when it did, the scallops were presented totally different and the ahi was overcooked.  Also, the waiter thought we ordered raw oysters and not the broiled ones...At that point, we were done - no need to attempt to correct the order.  The soup and ahi were removed from the bill (as they should've been - we did send them back).  I have to say, aside from the company, this meal was just mediocre.  I've had great meals at Eddie V's in the past, and hopefully this was just an 'off' evening, but I will not be running back anytime in the near future!Sorry, Eddie V - only 3 stars this time...our meal was a comedy of errors and even with happy hour all night, not worth the $$!
3	I should have known that after a mediocre experience at Wildfish a few months ago that I probably wouldn't love Eddie V's. My dining experience at Eddie V's last night does not make me want to run back.The interior is really nicely done especially with the dim lighting. It gives it an upscale ambiance with a romantic twist.  The patio is nice for dining outside in the evening...unfortunately last night there was a group of screaming children running around in the park below which kind of killed the relaxing mood.  As a friend pointed out, the "reserved" signage for tables has a lot to be desired. I know it's a small detail that most people would overlook, but when a place is trying to be upscale, those little details matter. It was an ugly black placard with white block lettering...I would have expected a simple white placard with calligraphy instead.Our server was nice enough but spacy.  She graciously did split the bill between five credit cards which was nice. However, she wasn't as attentive as we would have liked or expected, and she failed to mention that adding chicken to one caesar salad costs $10, making the cost of the salad $14 (that was the happy hour price...normally adding the chicken would have made the salad $18!) When we questioned her about it when we got the bill, she had a half-hearted explanation and was not apologetic at all for forgetting to mention that "minor" detail.  My friend would not have ordered the chicken if she had known what the cost would have been!  Also, we asked at least three times for a refill on our bread and we never received more bread at all. Again, I expected more from Eddie V's.I will say that the bright spot in the dining experience was that the crabcakes were 110% better than the ones I had at Wildfish.  The ones at Eddie V's had no filler and tons of lump crabmeat that was really good. The remoulade was tasty and complimented the crab well. I didn't try the shrimp dish that we ordered but my friends who tried it seemed to like it quite well as there were no leftovers! Sundays and Mondays are happy hour all evening long, so drinks are $1 off and other items are 1/2 off.  Our bill totaled $103, which included 5 glasses of wine, 1 iced tea, 5 salads (including the one with the $10 chicken add on), 2 crab cake dishes, and 1 shrimp dish.  I don't think any of the other four ladies I dined with or myself left feeling very impressed.  Despite the delicious crabcakes, I am not sure I will be racing back to Eddie V's. There are better dining options at DC Ranch.
3	Food was excellent but I'm sure tired of these places where everything is a la carte.  Is it supposed to be classier to have a little piece of fish in the middle of a huge empty platter?  We were there in a party of 8:  We had 2 moderately priced bottles of chardonnay, 7 salads, 8 entrees, 4 sides.  No apps, no desserts.  Our bill was $690 before tip.  I suppose this is acceptable for those of you from the East Coast, but I would never pay that much twice.  I hear they have a weekday happy hour in the bar.  That is probably as far as I'd go.
3	This place is okay.  I enjoyed my meal, which was a surf and turf...filet mignon and lobster tail.  The steak was a bit over-cooked, but the lobster tail was awesome!  We ordered the seafood tower as an appetizer...which was good, but I have definetely had better seafood towers.  The selection on the tower was okay, but I wish they had more raw fish on there.  It had a lot of oysters, which pretty much went uneaten at our table.  The service was good and attentive, which was a plus for this palce.  Overall, I had a good experience here.
5	The first time I went, about 4 years ago, we sat in the dining room . Service was adequate, the food was good enough, and it was just an average experience. As we walked out, we noticed that the bar was the place to be! Since then we have been for happy hour at least 20 times. We make reservations and a booth is always waiting for us! Live Jazz and the people watching is always a plus. Skip the bread, it's not worth it. I think we've tried pretty much every appetizer on the menu. Hands down favorite are the Shrimp and Shitake fritters. The Kung Pao calamari is unique, the addition of peanuts and crunchy veggies. The sauce is divine and we always order extra for the fritters! The Ahi in soba broth (not the tartare) is light and fresh.  Don't waste the cals or tummy space on the Tempura scallops. The Jumbo shrimp and crab salad is a treat and the portion is huge.  They also have amazing blue cheese dressing, even though it is quite garlicky.  Also a miss were the lobster spring rolls, they were too fried and crunchy with no trace of lobster!We tend to stick with the happy hour offerings, but we tried a special soft shell crab tempura once. It is one of the best things I have ever had!
4	Pretty good place to have a corporate event. The servers were on point for our large work group and they kept my Chard topped off :)I had the halibut, it was really good. seasoned just right with a side of micro greens and roasted potatoesMy coworkers wer so jealous of my fish.. Everyone else had the steak and it didnt look all that. They took orders for steak, veggie or fish and when people ordered steak they didnt bother to ask how they wanted it cooked. It arrived to my co-workers table charred but very pink in the middle.. Heard it was bland.Other than that, the ambiance is good and my fish was awesome.
4	A very good place to eat- Everyone knows about the happy hour- half price apps- Oysters, salads, soup- All quality stuff- I especially like the Kung Pao (I agree there's way too much kung pao) Calalmari and Shrimp Fritters.  Great steaks too!!
3	Went to Eddie V's to have a quick dinner before my husband and I went to go see a movie (no kids for the night). We ordered 2 salads, 2 steaks, one water and one ice-tea. The server was sorta pissed that we were NOT there to eat more or rack up the bill. He kept asking, "is that all you want to order?" After we got our food, that was it, no more server!! He kept on going to the table of single girls and a table who had an obvious high roller sitting at it. We were regulars there until this....We've been there and ordered a hundred bucks or more on just 2 people, had great service but if you there for a quick bite, forget it!!!***************Went there to celebrate our parents anniversary, sat on the patio, it was great. Service was great too. We were able to take advantage of the happy hour prices as well.Sister ordered the soup. An assistant to our server came around her to  plate some soup for my bro-n-law and at that moment my sister started to say, "OUCH" "OUCH" "OUCH"....the kid was accidently pouring hot soup all over her arm. I felt so bad for her. Our server was mortified. The manager came out and said he will pay for the dry cleaning on my sister "Target" cotton t-shirt, pretty funny. Later my sister told the manager that she appreciated the coupon but she doesn't dry clean clothes and she doesn't so he gave her a free meal for her next visit.The lobster fried rice is a must and so is there truffled mac and cheese.If you go, eat at the bar or patio and go for the happy hour. Just beware of hot soup on your arm! :)
4	i was impressed. very impressed on my first visit to eddie v's. our reservation was quite early ... 5 pm (note: at 5: pm on a sunday in august, reservations are not necessary). the setting was lovely. it kinda reminded me of a vegas casino, in that inside the restaurant you have absolutely no idea whether it is sunny outside or not. the place was dark; really dark, with no windows that one could look outside of. not a bad thing, but worth mentioning. it felt romantic, intimate and friendly. swanky, but comfortable. our food was lovely. seared ahi was served in a hot-to-the-touch bowl, which i do not prefer. i would have preferred the accompanying noodles cold. everyone agreed their steaks were excellent, and my bacon wrapped scallops were to die for. the portion was quite small with only four medium size scallops, but they were rich, buttery and not at all rubbery. i was stoked. the truffle mac and cheese was good, but didn't compare to others i have eaten. twice baked potatoes were a hit as well. broccoli was served as two whole crowns, which i found curious. asparagus was crisp and flavorful. my creme brulee was the best i've ever tasted. seriously yummy stuff. our server was a bit overly eager. helpful, knowledgeable, full of data we never really asked for but still useful. drinks and other requests were fulfilled quickly. his tips, like ordering dessert when meals were delivered was appreciated but a little less eager and he would have been my most favorite server ever. yes, i recognize i might be a bit critical of servers.4 stars seems right for eddie v's. everything wasn't perfect, but it was great. i will definitely be back. i must try the $29.95 summer prix fixe menu and i need to check out the lounge scene. so far i really, really like what i've seen.
4	I have to say I enjoyed this restaurant.  The salads fresh, scallops & steak cooked to perfection. Our server/service was very personable. Chatting it up with us while we waited for our plates. We went on a Tuesday evening, Bluesy live music was playing. STRONG tinis - whatever flavor you please.
1	What can I say?  Just see my review for Bourbon Steak as it applies here as well.  Hasta luego.
2	Seriously overpriced, mediocre food.  If I'm paying $28 for a scallop dish, I don't expect 4 scallops plopped onto a plate and sides that I have to order separately.  Why not a composed, complete dish?  The truffle mac and cheese is good, but it's lazy to make the customer pick and choose.  The steaks are well seasoned and tender, but almost $40 and that was it... just the steak.  In the middle of a white plate.  Not even a garnish.  WHERE'S THE PARSLEY, PEOPLE?  I do love the servers and the service but that alone isn't worth dropping this kind of cash on this food.
5	part of a social event, we only had app's here. quite delicious crab cakes and a shrimp fritters with mango sauce. the portions were gigantic and actually big enough for a meal. i was slightly full afterwards. part of the roaring fork, wildfish franchise, they also offer a great happy hour. seems a bit high priced but our bill was taken care of, so i'd save this (for the middle class foodie) for a special event.
3	If you are looking for light bites at happy hour prices this is great. We arrived after 9 on a Friday night and it was not packed. The live music was very entertaining.We enjoyed the crab cake, which for being in a land locked state is great and the scallops too were tasty.2 drinks each and 2 apps shared we got out for $20 each. Pretty good deal.
5	Eddie V's recently began offering 'All Night Happy Hour'.  This is a beautiful thing for someone like me who typically doesn't leave the office in time to get anywhere before most HHs end.  Hey, the desk-bound want happy discounted stuff too!!I started the week off right on Monday by meeting a friend at the end of the day for HH.  Great decision!  The bar/lounge area is nicely appointed and even had live music from a jazz trio.  Over glasses of Pinot Noir we enjoyed items from both the HH and regular menus:Wedge salad - a nice portion of cool lettuce, topped with decadent bleu cheese crumbles and heirloom tomatoes.  Our waiter even split it for us, just to keep things fair.Crab cake - this is fantastic.  It is easily the circumference of a softball and bursting with crab.  Just crab - no chintzy filler to affect the flavor or texture.  Priced nicely for HH and delightful when paired with the remoulade sauce.I save the best for last...Truffled mac n cheese.  Let me say this one more time - Truffled Mac N Cheese.  Best. Thing. Ever.  This is really beyond description, but I will try.  A perfectly-executed combination of pasta, zesty cheeses, truffle oil and truffles too!  Don't forget the all-important 'crust' of cheese on top.  AAAAAAAGH!  Under my facade as a Responsible Grownup, there lies a 5-year-old who counts mac n cheese as one of my favorite things.  If this is the last one I ever taste, I will be happy.OK, I will admit it.  We went back on Friday, too...   Primarily for the mac n cheese.  Really.
