4	Huh, so we're reviewing libraries now? OK, I'm game.First, this is the Pinney branch - it doesn't say that in the header.What can I say? Public libraries are awesome and this one is no exception. There are thousands of books, plus magazines, video, audio and even tools (did you know you can check out tools?) all for free. There are plenty of places to sit, tables if you're trying to get work done, and computers for public use. There's also a big meeting room where they hold a nice variety of interesting events. There are several themed book displays around the library, which is nice when I wander in just looking for something, anything, to read. I think my favorite feature, though, is the hold service: you can request any item from any library in roughly half of the state, and it will be delivered to this library in short order. I know, it's a common library service these days, but have you ever stopped to think about how amazingly helpful it really is? And for free!My only disappointment is that the circulation desk staff are pretty consistently unfriendly. Rarely rude, never incompetent, just very few smiles and no unnecessary words. I hope they like their jobs more than they seem to!Things I have seen at this library:- Art work from my kid's school and several other area schools- Kids knitting- Bats & snakes- Kids reading to dogs
4	This is my local library branch, so I felt the need to give it some love on Yelp. The place is everything a good library should be. Friendly librarians. Well stocked. Fast service when picking up books/movies. Decent community computers to use. Plenty of spaces to plug in a laptop and free wifi. They even have a scanner which was super helpful to me when I needed to send some documents and no longer had access to one at my job. Printing is 5cents a page and is pretty much on the honor system. The walls are decorated with kids artwork from the local schools. There is a meeting room in the back that groups can use for get togethers. My only critique is that because it's so busy, the parking lot can get pretty full. Not really an issue in the summer when people are walking/biking here, but in the winter when more cars are being used and giant snow drifts are taking up spaces, it can be tight.
