4	New BBQ place in this part of town so I had to try it out. I had the rib tips and the peach cobbler. Both were delicious! The rib tips were meaty and had a great smokey flavor. They were very juicy and not over cooked as most places tend to do.The peach cobbler was very tasty with just the right amount of nutmeg. Reminds me of the BBQ joints I used to go to growing up in Mississippi! Highly recommended.
3	I love me some BBQ. I came upon H&H because my cousin mentioned it and since I wanted some BBQ I wanted to try this new place out. It's near the K-Mart on Rancho. The menu looked pretty good but for some reason the fried catfish dinner was calling my name and not so much the BBQ. But I got the best of both worlds since my bf ordered the brisket dinner plate. I did love the catfish, it was battered just right not too salty and not too bland. The dinner did come with two sides and corn bread, I got the mac n cheese and the fried okra. The mac n cheese was okay it was too dry for me and the fried okra was yummy. The corn bread it came with didn't taste like anything at all...they need some work with that. As for the brisket that I tried it was very flavorful.
1	from the outside and inside appears to be a fast food place. Inside its nothing special. We ordered our food to go. Got home was missing a few items. No need to even mention what we go as none of it was good. There's way better BBQ places within a few miles. Don't bother.
5	Just tried H&H plus2 yesterday for the first time. As stated in other reviews, the building it's in is a old failed Burger King! Being this is a older area of the far North West, I was very excited to see a new business taking a chance on a older established building, not just moving to the nice new edge of town. Too many businesses abandon buildings and move to newer areas, like Timbers Bar and Grill did with their location on Ann & Simmons! Now a abandoned shanty. Getting back on track here, Sorry!        The menu - Upon first glance I was a bit confused, not very reader friendly but after the very nice women behind the counter gave me a brief explanation it started to make sense. So I CAN order off the lunch menu at dinner time? Okay!   All the staples were there, Brisket, pulled pork, chicken, catfish, hot links, Ribs! Lookin' good! Sides include, fried okra, mac n cheese, black eyed peas, baked beans, collared greens corn on the cob, french fries and rice with gravy. There is really too much on the menu to entirely list. including a section of sandwiches I didn't even get a chance to look at. I did see a Catfish Po Boy however.  I went with the brisket... After taking my order and getting my orange soda it was explained to me the brisket wouldn't be done for 15-20 minutes! BALLS!!!    Okay round 2, pulled pork with mac n cheese and baked beans it is. The pork was flavor full and juicy, drizzled on top was a delicious and bold BBQ sauce. The BBQ sauce being just drizzled as opposed to mixed into the pork was a nice touch. It lets you sample the pork as it is by itself. Which was juicy and flavorful. No complaints there, A+!   The Mac n Cheese was good, a bit dry but definitely had the qualities of a true home made Mac n Cheese, not some boxed gooey mess and nothing a lil' table side Louisiana hot sauce won't fix! I give it a solid B! The baked beans were good also. Nothing fancy, but exactly what I expected when I ordered.   The meal also comes with a little muffin of corn bread. Now not being a corn bread fan I don't have much to compare it too. I did try it tho. It didn't seem quite as sweet as I remember, but the sweetness of cornbread is what I dislike! I took that little muffin and soaked up every last morsel of anything left on that plate! Nothing to waste here! The portion size was perfect for a single meal, and like I stated earlier I order off the lunch menu which includes smaller portions.   After finishing up I did have just one problem. So I asked the nice cashier if I could speak with a manager. After hearing a bit of griping coming from the back of house about who wanted to speak with her, a women approached me, identified herself as the manger and with a smile asked me what she could help me with?    I explained to her I just finished my meal and did have one complaint! With a very disconcerting look asked me what my issue was. I explained to her that my complaint was... "This meal was TOO DAMN GOOD and she has forced me to have to come back!" We all had a good laugh, she thanked me and I left happier than a Pig in... Well definitely happier than the delicious pig in that BBQ sauce! Great job guys!
1	I was hoping they would be better than the one on LV blvd. NOT. the peach cobbler was totally burned.  don't even know why they bothered to sell that to anybody. the mac and cheese as usual is over cooked. i tried. i can't.
5	Good bbq friendly ppl I'll b back for more for sure! !!
5	This place is amazing. I came at the end of lunchtime and had the fried catfish. It was freshly made to order, flavorful, crispy and tender.  The fried okra was perfectly crunchy and potato salad was creamy and tangy. All of it was delicious and the lunch portions were generous. The staff is friendly and helpful with their recommendations. I am definitely going to come back!
5	Best barbecue in Vegas hands down. Their sauce is boss!! We used to frequent the location on MLK and were so bummed when it burned down, but they are back and their food is on FIRE! Just as good as I remember it back in the day! Finally, some good ass barbecue in this city!
5	excellent BBQ chicken. best BBQ sauce i've had in a long time. i was really pleased with everything i tried. my daughter loved the mac & cheese as well. :)
1	The one star is for the slaw. It was the only thing we ate that was good. I had pork and rib tips. The pork had lots of hard outside and fat in it. About half actually. The rib tips were worse. They were 90% overcooked marrow and fat and very little tough meat. The cornbread was sad! Not even worth eating. I think it had been sitting out all day. A so-called "southern" BBQ joint and no sweet tea?? What's up w that? May sound petty but we asked for ketchup and she gave us a few packs and there  were 3 different company's generic packs represented! If u are gonna charge $40 for BBQ at least buy "real" condiments! This town needs a real BBQ joint! One and done!
2	H and H 2 BBQ is a relative newcomer to the area of Rancho and Craig Roads...it is an old Burger King restaurant and does not offer any waitress service. I ordered two of the combos, pulled pork and beef brisket, to go. For the sides I ordered the beans, potato salad, black eye peas and collard greens. The combos also came with a muffin. The order took approximately fifteen minutes to complete, there was only one woman working the counter and there were several other staff members in the back. There was a guy doing some of the cooking on several grills in the parking lot next to the building. The pulled pork was pretty tasty, the potato salad just okay and the beans slightly above average, the corn bread muffin was a joke. The second combo of beef brisket was a disgrace and if I hadn't ordered it to go it would have gone back to the kitchen. The beef brisket contained an inordinate amount of fat, nasty and should not have been served to us....the collard greens were good but a tad on the salty side, the black eye peas were above average. The prices are average for the portion sizes that are given to you....I may give this place another shot but I was really hoping that it would be a hidden gem, unfortunately it wasn't ....
1	I tried h&h BBQ plus 2 several times and every time I went I tried something new and every single time the managers were horrible to customers and employees. I saw scriptures on the walls in frames and at this point after witnessing the managers/ owners Ms Toni and Ms Rochelle were treating their staff like slaves and screaming at them in front of customers cursing and all. I just couldn't continue to support a local business that is obviously not children of god. I felt horrible for the kitchen staff and cashiers. They deserve better bosses and they deserve respect above all. They disrespect their employees. Beware of this restaurant. You might only be looking to eat and get a disgusting show with your meal.
5	I was drawn into (Hicks & Hines), better known as H&H BBQ by an unstoppable force, I felt like Han Solo being pulled into the Death Star by the tractor beam. My cousins Big Mike & Sarah had told me this place was great and man were they ever right! I ordered the lunch special which was priced just right. I chose pork ribs, mac n cheese, coleslaw (because I'm a slaw fiend), and cornbread on the side. Before I ate I chatted with the owner Toni and she told me the food was so good that it would put me to sleep. She was right. All I needed was a pillow and a blanket and I would have surely been snoring, then surely asked to leave their fine establishment. The food was ridiculous! The pork ribs were smoked to perfection. The mac n cheese was just crazy! It was full of flavor. The slaw was excellent, it had a creamy consistency. Cornbread simply great. So, I had to meet the chefs after this great meal. I met C.L. & Larry and let them know they had skills. If you haven't been to H&H BBQ, you are missing out. Just get in your car and go right now. I just found a new favorite spot.
3	Well if you saw my Hogs Heaven review you will know how I ended up here on a Sunday night literally 4 minutes before they closed. Now let me say this wasn't my 1st  or 2nd choice but considering the disastrous adventure I had been on to find BBQ this would have to do and thankfully I made it to them just in time. The place is a simple fast food looking place with a soda machine and some places to sit and eat. I think someone who reviewed it said it was an old Burger King so its interesting the kitchen is wide open and you can see everything. This is a family run business for sure....the young lady who took my order polite but I would say a pleasant personality is the daughter of the lady who owns the place. How do I know well she called her mother to give her the tale of the tap at the end day and also to share with her older brother the head cook her mother directives. So, it was nice to know I was supporting a small family run business. 1st let me start by saying the restaurant was very clean it is clear they take pride in cleanliness which is very important. The menu was rather simple and start forward so I ordered the half slab which comes with 2 sides. They were close to closing and had run out of somethings but when I asked for fried okra without hesitation they fried up a fresh serving. Again the cashier was short on personality but very accommodating and polite. The food was prepared quickly and the cook (the owners son) let me and the other couple out and was very gracious wishing us a good and thanking us for coming in. So for service I would say they do a good job. Now about the food...the fried okra was hot, fresh and delicious! The corn muffin they give you was very tasty. Th fries were just fries ok. The most important part the ribs. Well I'll start by saying the sauce was very good sweet with a slight tang. The ribs were cooked really well the meat pulled right off the bone but didn't fall off the bone so you know they were grilled/smoked and not boiled. I hate places that boil the ribs then throw it on the grill for grill marks and call themselves a rib place. Even though everything was tasty I have to say the meat was really fatty! I'm not sure if that is just what is out there currently due drought issues and the bacon scare we had last year but they really need to look for a another purveyor because the ribs were easily 50% fat or more. No matter how great the service, how presentable the place, how good the sides or how well you cook the meat. If the quality is low there is nothing you can do to fix that.Would I come back here....not until I try this rolling smoke place 1st and probably a few other places 1st to determine if this is the best the Valley has to offer.
1	Mediocre at best. I had the rib tips they were fatty and bland. Also if you have kids don't even go here!! My son grabbed one of their newspapers they had on a stand there the owner freaked out and said if I didn't discipline my son she would. They basically wanted me to spank my son right then and there. We don't allow bad kids in our restaurant is what they said. My kids are no angels by any means, but they were not miss behaving in the restaurant.
4	The place doesn't look like much from the outside but the inside is extremely clean. All four employees were really friendly and nice. The BBQ sauce is super good. All our food was really tasty. We will definitely make the trip across  town again.
5	A group of about 12 stopped at h&h barbecue in the late afternoon on May 21st. I had never been here before and when it was suggested it did not ring a bell at all. They handled all orders quickly and with smiles. I ordered the pork ribs as a change of pace. I loved them. Tasty, tender and fell off the bone. They have kool-aid which really took me back. Several of the guys did have that red magic drink of my youth. I thought the lunch price was very reasonable with the portions and choice of two sides. They also give you a tasty cornbread muffin with lunch or two with the dinner order. I do like barbecue and will be making this one of my many stops in Las Vegas.. They do have a menu with something for everyone..
3	Decided to give this place a shot since the BBQ place down the way had closed its doors for good.  The BF and I were craving a BBQ sandwich for lunch so we were on a mission.  As we pulled up the parking was pretty full.  We thought that was a good sign to start.  Upon walking in we were greeted by a pretty young lady who asked if it was our first time there.  She explained the menu to us and the first thing I noticed was no BBQ Chicken sandwich.  All kinds of other sandwiches but no chicken.  Bummer.  My hopes just flew out the window.In place of my craving for a chicken sandwich I ordered the BBQ pork sandwich with the slaw on the side and fries.  The BF ordered the BBQ brisket sandwich with mac and cheese.  The kids menu was weird for kids I thought.  The options were chicken, fish and something else.  I thought "oh boy" the daughter is not gonna want any of this but she just went with the chicken.  We found a table and waited for our food to be prepared.  The place was real clean.  There were like three other tables occupied.  It was really warm in the restaurant which made it a little unpleasant being that we were trying to escape from the 110 degree weather.  They had a little party room which was closed off.  The place used to be an old Burger King so the little room looked like it was the old play area.They called our name and went up to get our food.  As I was helping the daughter with trying to de-bone her chicken the family was digging on my French fries.  Wait a minute-I want those! Hi.  Before I could even look at my food I decided to order more fries and we needed a side of BBQ sauce.  I went up to the counter and ordered up the large fries and a side of BBQ sauce.  For a BBQ joint I was actually surprised that they actually charged me for the sauce.  Still scratching my head.Here is a rundown of our meals:Pork Sandwich with slaw on the side - The roll was cold, which I felt should have been toasted or warmed up and the pork was kind of fatty.  The slaw I didn't even eat.  BBQ Brisket Sandwich with mac and cheese - Same kinda thing...cold roll, meat was a little better tastewise than the pork but still fatty.  The BF didn't care for the slaw and the mac and cheese was pretty darn yummy.  Both sandwiches didn't have enough sauce which is why we needed a side of sauce.(Kids) BBQ chicken on the bone with corn on the cob - Chicken was great - We ordered white meat and it was a huge piece and the meat was tender and smokey. (aside from that I still think that the bones in a kids meal isn't that good of an idea)  She ate up the corn as that is always a hit for her.Now for the star of the day - French Fries! - .they were the wrinkle style and were cooked perfectly-not too done and a little soft in the middle.  They were sprinkled with some kind of seasoning that made it a salty sweet.  Amazing with a unique taste.  The large fry we thought was gigantic (and $5.00).  It was so good we ate every last bite!  Enough said.The sauce - had a little kick to it, was very thick and is served warm.  Still funny that they would charge us for a side.  It was pretty good though.The service was good.  The girl taking our order was very nice as well as one of the cooks who made some conversation with me. I definitely think we will try this again....maybe stay away from the sandwiches next time.  I do think they should add a BBQ chicken sandwich still...still a little bummed about that....
2	First time trying this place. Been looking for a good BBQ place and I must say, we were a bit disappointed.  I try to use Yelp as a guide before trying new places and this place had so many mixed reviews I had to try it for myself. We ordered our food to go.Four people's opinions.Brisket- was more like overdone roast beef. I have never seen brisket sliced the way this was sliced.Pulled pork sandwich- tasteless, was supposed to have coleslaw on it but it didn't. Very little BBQ sauce was on it so there was no disguising the tasteless flavor.Mac & cheese- the quantity was not worth the money (not even an ice cream scoops worth). Dry and boring.French fries- Ore Ida? Greens - GoodColeslaw- mayonnaise based. Not a fan. Nothing special.Ribs- Good. Fall off the bone good. Sauce was ok but again nothing special.Fried Okra- Good.Cornbread- my cornbread was burnt, I mean black burnt. I can't believe they actually put it in my to go box. Others were very dry. We might retun to try other things and order the ribs again but probably not anytime soon.But let me end in saying the gal at the counter was extremely nice.
4	I've ate here three times already. The first two I got the lunch pulled pork sandwich with side. Tonight I got the 2-meat dinner which came with 2 sides and a corn muffin for $14.99. I got a size able amount of pulled pork which was moist and the barbecue sauce is great. I also got pork ribs which had a good dry rub on the outside.  The staff have been really nice each visit. Great food and customer service in my opinion.
1	We were very disappointed in the ribs and rib tips.  This was the second time we tried this in a week.  They had run out of ribs the first time we went there and they had run out of pulled pork this time.  Sad for a rib place!  The ribs were tough and stringy and the rib tips were overcooked, dry and fatty!  My wife and I did not finish the food and tossed it out.  I would NOT recommend this place to anyone!  There are too many other good BBQ places to go.
1	Ok I eat my words, I ate there again and ordered the brisket. Unfortunately this time I was NOT impressed. The brisket was so dry either they served up left over brisket or they were attempting to make jerky. The meat was tough and not edible. Because I liked it so much the first time we went back thinking it was just an"off" day. Hey, it happens right? So, we once again order the brisket and unfortunately got the same results as we did on our previous visit. Tough and dry brisket. Bummer, we thought for sure we found decent BBQ in Vegas. Yet, we were let down once again. Come on Vegas, I know there's gotta be somewhere in town that knows how to slang some good BBQ!!! The hunt for good BBQ in Vegas continues....
1	We never knew this place existed despite frequent trips to smith's! Stumbled upon it on Friday and went in for lunch on Saturday. My family and I were excited to see a southern food joint not far from home. Our order:BBQ pork sandwich with fries and slaw on the sideBBQ pork lunch with Mac n cheese and collard greensBBQ brisket lunch with fried okra and ???Sadly disappointed, so much I can't remember what the other side was on 1. Food was either dry, salty, and most of all BBQ meat had no smoky flavor and not enough bbq sauce. I'm not even 1 who likes a lot of sauce, but food needed it.
5	We went in tonight about 30 minutes before closing and had the brisket, hot links and pulled pork.  For sides we had the Fried Okra, Ranch Beans and mac-n-cheese.  The food was amazing, the pulled pork and brisket was very tender and the bbq sauce was amazing.  Aside from the food being great the restaurant was very clean.  The owners were both there and waited on us, good people to say the least.   I highly recommend this place.
1	I REALLY wanted to like this place.  But, after trying it twice.. H&H BBQ Plus 2 left me wondering why these folks are doing barbeque. (??)  My husband went for the pulled pork, and I chose brisket.  The meat was not only fatty, but also lacked flavor.  There was no smokiness to it at all.  But beyond that.. we got these pathetic tasteless sides that made me think they were doing some serious rationing using their way less than generous ice cream scoop method.  Now as we sat there pulling all that fat from our overpriced portions of "barbeque", I observed a woman ( I believe was the owner) publicly embarrassing this poor couple about their kids.. because the children  were messing with the salt and pepper shakers at the empty tables.  She could have talked to the mother off to the side, but chose to lecture her in front of everybody.  I felt so bad for them.  And here they were..  paying customers trying to enjoy their meal.   After eating real barbeque at places like The Shed in Mississippi and other modest mom and pop places with amazing bbq and generous portions.. H&H isn't even a blip on the radar, I'm afraid.
3	So I found a place in Vegas where they have real banana pudding this means its NOT box made. I had a BBQ sandwich and it was just not what I wanted. It was cold and again no BBQ sauce on the meat. So I give it 3 stars. The staff was nice and I met the owner. She was professional and likes to talk so that was a plus. I looked and saw they have lots of other items such as chicken so I will return to try that but not the BBQ.
4	Great food at an incredible price. Ribs are very good. The Sunday dinner lasted until Monday. The cornbread was dry.
5	My husband took my for bbq.  Decent bbq.  Ribs are tasty and tender.  The brisket is tender and fatty - the way it should be.  Have been looking forward to trying their ox tails  which are only served on Sundays.  Finally got a chance to try them.  My favorite.  Very, very tender and tasty.  Will definitely be back.
1	Just awful. My hot dog bun on my beef hot link sandwich was dry, the link seemed as though it had been sitting for a while because the outside casing was really, really tough. It's a good thing it was drenched in bbq sauce or it would have been really dry as well. The mac and cheese was dry, but I have to admit it was at least somewhat flavorful. Overall not worth the $6.99 I spent. I hear the other place gives you corn bread? Well, not this one. Don't even think about getting the banana pudding. It's literally vanilla wafers and sliced fresh bananas in a soupy, liquid that taste like condensed milk. There is nothing "pudding" about it. Unlike others, I would not give this place another try. Just not worth the quality, price or stomach space.
5	Awesome barbq. Service was excellent and got my order fast.  I am so glad I found this place, I will be back again for sure.
3	When I arrived here I noticed the place was empty so I was a little apprehensive about going in  but the good ol BBQ smoke coming from outside made me go in!! Upon walking in the place had a fast food set up look w a touch of comfort around w personal pics of what I think was the owner and other people. The menu had lunch and dinner Displaced right in the front. I ordered the rib lunch combo for $9.00. I received a good portion of rib meat and I say rib meat bc it wasn't on a bone like I thought it would be yet it was still good. The BBQ sauce was sweet and tangy and very delish!! My combo came w 2 sides so I order the Mac and cheese which was a lil dry  and the  candied yam. Overall the place  was good, not mind blowing yummy, but decent!!
5	I'm not one to write reviews unless I feel like I need to, with that said, with the food experience I just had, I have to say that I just had the biggest foodgasm of my life. I ordered the pulled pork dinner combo and it came with a heeping pile of pulled pork smothered in BBQ sauce. The Mac and cheese was made with cheesy perfection and the candid yams were sweet and savory at the same time. I couldn't help literally shoving everything in my mouth, it was that good! I will definitely have to venture out here, the next time a BBQ craving arises.
5	THIS PLACE IS AMAZING.......H&H BBQ plus 2 has been my weekly staple for months. Don't believe the LIES listed below. My food is ALWAYS HOT!!!!  SAVORY!!!! TENDER!!!!  and DELICIOUS. I just love their rib dinner. I get a HUGE portion of ribs every time.......and plenty of BBQ sauce. With 2 sides included I'm a sucker for their Candied Yams & Mac & Cheese.Quality Food that you can taste.......EVERYONE that works there cares a lot about the food, service, & ensuring my overall experience is GOLDEN.   TRY THEM!!!!    You won't be disappointed!!
3	As BBQ and southern cooking go this place is OK. For the price there are better places in town. Big portions and good flavor are overshadowed by the use of way to much salt and meat that was warm covered in hot BBQ sauce. Kool-aid on the menu is a nice touch.
1	Never an issue with this place till today.went in ordered my usual hot links yams & okra a side of Mac & a banana pudding today instead the lunch, I decided to order the dinner thinking I would get a lil more cause it was 2 of us this time 24 $$ later I get home & this was it not much more meat than the lunch size, the sides are the same and you still only get 1 cornbread. what a rip off.your better off getting 2 lunches get more for your money that way. the old h&h down in north Las Vegas was much better you get your money's worth.if you want an expensive skimpy meal come here. (Posted pics as proof of my so called dinner plate)
4	The Hubby and I finally stopped by,  and I am impressed!  Very, very clean which is so  important. The woman at the counter was very nice and explained all of the offerings.   We chose the rib, pulled pork, and catfish dinners with the following sides: greens, Mac and cheese, cole slaw, potato salad, yams, black eye peas. I grew up cooking and eating real southern food as those are my roots and growing up on the east coast. This place is "the truth!"Generous portions, good layered flavor and the meats are tender.  The Mac and cheese can use a ill work, but I am biased as that is my best dish. The peach cobbler was also tasty. We will back for sure. This is a spot to keep the menu in the glove compartment.
4	I'm sorry to see that this place has had some bad reviews because we enjoyed our meal. I got the lunch portion of BBQ chicken with mac n cheese and ranch beans sides and my husband got the lunch portion of ribs with potato salad and french fries. My chicken was very good, smoky and had a delicious BBQ sauce on it. The mac n cheese was tasty, but, as other reviewers have said, it was a little bit on the dry side. It needs a little more sauce to make it creamier. The ranch beans had pieces of bacon in them and had a nice smoky flavor. My husband said his ribs were very good and the BBQ sauce on them was also good. I didn't try his potato salad, but he said he enjoyed it. He commented that the fries were a little bit soggy, but tasty. The corn muffins were light and crumbly. Overall, it was a good meal and we will definitely try H & H BBQ Plus 2 again.
4	I bought a Groupon quite some time ago to use at the North Las Vegas location, and I think it was before this branch opened up.  I fell in love with their ribs and would drive all the way down there to get some.  And then I learned that they had opened a restaurant in the northwest, much closer to me.  I absolutely love their ribs.  I've ordered their plates before, but I usually just go for straight ribs.  I prefer spare ribs over babybacks because they have more flavor, even if they aren't as tender.  Every once in a while, I will try some other Las Vegas rib joint, but so far no one has equaled H & H for flavor.
5	Home cooking is culture.  We usually love our mama's cook'n.  Ms. Toni makes this place like you're going home to mama's--that is if you grew up in the south.  The BBQ meals are dished out the way my grandma piled it up, the employees are thoughtful.  My favorites are the brisket, macaroni and cheese, banana pudding, collards, and yams.  The cat fish is perfectly cooked too.
1	Stopped in for my usual via drive thru. I was told to pull in the parking lot, as my food would take 7 minutes. 30 minutes later, I call to follow up because I still did not have my food. The woman said she would check on my order and then hung up. I called back to speak with a different woman who had the biggest attitude. She told me there were six people in the establishment waiting for their orders and I had to wait. I told her I've been waiting for 30 minutes outside and she laughed and put me on hold for 10 minutes. She came back to to the phone and said someone was bringing it out to me and hung up. Never an apology. I asked the woman that brought it out, who's  the owner and she said it was the woman I was on the phone with. HORRIBLE SERVICE. IGNORANT ATTITUDE. If the owner acts that way, I feel sorry for the staff and patrons.
1	-10 stars...This was my fourth time but it had been a while since my last visit.  The first time I went in the food was awesome. Fresh and a lot of it.  I later wonder if that's the gimmick to have patrons come back. My second and third was not great but not too bad. I thought the third time would have been my last. Today I visit because I really wanted bbq and my first choice was John Mulls but of course they were closed. I settled for H &H hoping it would be like the first time. I ordered 3 meat combo: ribs, links, and brisket.  While I'm waiting, I hear only one person but apparently having a conversation with her employees.  I was wondering why was she so loud. What happens in her place of business and behind the scenes should not be public info. Meanwhile, there are a few customers eating. When my order comes up, I check my order and was surprised to see the hot links were chopped to pieces and looked more like a hot dog texture. The brisket had over an inch of fat and less than half an inch of meat attached to it.  I asked the gentleman did they change because my hot links were usually a whole link. The gentleman didn't get the chance to respond before the loud female yells out "I'm the owner and this is how it's always been done and how would you like it done?" I can tell then that was a real effort for her to even ask me that question. I told her whole. As I was trying to mention the fat on the brisket she became hostile.  "Well I trim all that off but that's how it comes and what more do you want me to do for you?" My response was my money back. She yelled out give her her money back. Told me I was a N***** at least 3 times or more in front of everyone.  Told me I was being sh*tty. She has a loud and overpowering voice. I never cursed at her or called her any racial remarks. I was shocked. I couldn't get my phone out fast enough because I really wanted to record her. I am so appalled. I felt humiliation, embarrassment, and degradation.  After reading the previous reviews of those that had bad customer service seem to have had the run in with the same person. I have never felt so disrespected in my entire life. It truly hurts because it came from one black female to another as if we don't have enough struggles.
3	Brisket was good...mac and cheese was very good...potato salad seemed like it had good flavor but I honestly couldn't get a bite down it was served so cold it was unpleasent...maybe fridge was set a lil too high or whatever...the food and one side was worth me trying again I'd really like to try the potato salad again if that isn't how it is traditionally served
1	We ordered 2 brisket dinners with mac and cheese and yams. The sides were okay, but the brisket was a pile of inedible, fatty, oily mush covered in bbq sauce. Just nasty and a waste of hard earned money.
1	Terrible. Dry corn bread. Rib tips were all fat and mushy and had no flavor. If you want bbq in this neighborhood go to john mulls roadkill grill. Trust me.
2	H&H Plus 2 is "Like a Box of Chocolates"...you never know what your going to get. What I mean is, when my daughter brought a bbq rib tip family dinner home from H&H, it was delicious! Prefect in every way. The meat was tender, juicy, and well seasoned. The potato salad, greens, yams, and corn bread were great! I was so happy to have a bbq place within walking distance of my house that has good food. Well, now I'm disappointed because after waiting a whole week and thinking about how good the food was,  I went to get a dinner and the meat was unevenly seasoned and unevenly cooked. I couldn't even chew most of the pieces because the meat was too tough. I had to give it to my cat and she even had a had time tearing the meat apart. What makes me even more upset is that I gave a tip based on the food my daughter brought to me but had I known that I wouldn't get to enjoy my meal....well, if I had known that I was getting a crappy meal, I wouldn't have bought it, let alone given a tip.Too bad H&H PLUS 2, I probably would have been your best customer but now I can't take a chance on spending so much money on food that may end up in my cat's belly. #ABoxOfChocolates!
