5	Amazing place !!! Highly recommended and respected by me I've been to a lot from California to Arizona and I would say this is top 5 get the pineapple bowl
5	This place is awesomeness!  If you want to introduce folks to hookah, take them here. Let the host know and they'll take care of you.
4	This Place is Pretty cool, Been here a couple of times and really enjoy it. The atmosphere is good and they even have pool tables, a DJ, multiple TVs, and small amounts of munchies to keep you entertained. Great place for Groups! and the Owner who works there is very nice too! there is only one downfall hookah after 9:00pm is $15.00
3	In my trip around the region of Phoenix, I was determined to find a hookah lounge that I could enjoy.  I have to say that this place has a lot of promise.  There were a few flaws in the execution when we showed up which is reflected in the star count.The decor:  Habibi's is immaculately decorated.  It's a bit dark on the inside, but once your eyes adjust, it's a great looking place.  One could almost be taken to the middle east with the atmosphere.  So we were under a time crunch and figured we would take a quick hour and a half to enjoy some smoke before going to dinner.  Here's where the dock comes:  We showed up and there were three other patrons there.  Being about six, it wasn't a rare expectation to have few patrons at that time.  However, we paid for our hookah, went and found a seat, and drank our drinks.  The place had just opened and so they didn't initially put carbonation in the beverage, however it was rectified before we got it.  We waited, and waited, and waited some more.  By the time we got our hookah, it was just about a half hour wait.  The truth is the sole individual manning the bar had issues with his POS system and was busily trying to fix it.  The downside is that anyone who had paid for their hookah waited to get it resolved.The redeemer:  Firstly, let me tell you, the guy at the  counter was extremely friendly.  He informed us of the prices, and made sure that we were taken care of with drinks.  Also, when his POS issue was resolved, the service was spot on.  Many people arrived, but the guy hammered out hookahs quickly.  When we got the hookah, he was quick to pay attention to us and the other patrons.  He came by with coals and made sure everything was going great.  I assume that our experience was no where near the normal for this location, and that he took care of the people when he wasn't trying to be a one man army.The hookah smoked great!  The place had a dance floor, and specials that combined Hookah and the pool tables which are at the place.  I can easily see myself making the trip to this place more often.     If it weren't for the time crunch I was fairly sure we could have enjoyed this place more.  I would recommend it to anyone who visited.
4	So I'm an apt fan of hookah places.  When I come to a town I seek them out to find one that I am comfortable bringing my friends to.I've found it in Habibi's.  The decor brings you in to the element, flowing curtains, a VIP section, and pool tables.  It's a great place to bring your friends and hang out, even if they don't smoke hookah.  I've visited several locations around the region, and have been disappointed in their customer service, A big mark for me.  There is still no comparison to the Heat in Wichita, or the Lava, but this is as close as I've found.The guys here take care of you, they bring your hookah out and maintain it with emphasis.  I was amazed when a majority of the places leave you tongs and then put the coals beside the bowl to let you set it up.  To me, as a customer, I expect the staff to place it on the bowl and remove the old ones.  Here they do it right, starting you out with enough coals to get it going, then they keep bringing them until the bowl is dead.  While my first experience was less than stellar, leading to a prior 3 star review, I had a feeling that this place had better service, and I was glad to find that it was just a bad one off.My only complaint is that you pay up front instead of running a tab.  I haven't triied a refill yet, but it is a slight hassle to pay each time instead of one transaction through the night.  Other than that, this place is aces.  I would highly recommend it!
4	Wanted to try a new hookah lounge this popped up on yelp and we decided to give it a try. Seriously was probably one of the best hookah lounges in az. Service was awesome (altho it did take awhile to get our hookah) I wasn't bothered by it because the dj they had was great. It was really clean and spacious enough seating nice couches and hookahs. They have 2 pool tables and plenty of chairs and booths. Will be coming back here quiet a bit. My only complaint would be coal service we were there for about an hour and a half and we didn't get new coals. But that's my only complaint. It took over the old silver que on 43rd and peoria.
4	Great atmosphere,  comfortable seating, plenty of room and enough TV's with a variety of sports and movies to watch. Pool tables though I think they're a little pricy.
4	I started going to Habibi over a year a go and I was impressed right away with the service and quality. The atmosphere is dark but not so much that you can't see and the staff is amazing. My only complaint is that on the weekends the DJ plays the music so loud that no matter where we sit we have to scream to hear each other speak, if they turned down the music a little bit enough so that it was the perfect place to hang with friends and talk they would have gotten that extra star.
