4	Had dinner here last night with a big group and I think that may be the best way! Everything was served 'Italian family style' with lots of different dishes that you pass up and down the table serving yourself.We had two gluten free diners and I think there was only one or two dishes they couldn't eat, so that was a great bonus.Starters were plentiful, highlight was the cheese with honey & the octopus and pomegranate salad.Pasta came next, then mains... And when no one thought they could eat anymore, dessert arrived!! There wasn't much protest and plates were quite quickly cleaned. Service is always a bit difficult at a large long table but we weren't often left for wanting anything.Apart from it being across town from me, I'd visit quite often I think!
3	Visited Locanda de Gusti on a Saturday night with a group of friends. I had previously been at their old premises near Broughton Street so was looking forward to a return visit. For starter I had the burrata: mozzarella with a soft center served with parma ham and dates. The combination of the three was lovely, the sweet dates went well with the salty parma ham. Main course was duck with marsala sauce and grapes. It was served with potatoes and vegetables. Sadly the duck was a bit over cooked, but it still tasted good. I shared a dessert of chocolate mousse. It came in a cute little jar. Again, nothing wrong with the taste but the consistency of the mousse wasn't what I expected - it should have been airy and light but was more like a chocolate ganache. When we were paying the bill, the waiter brought 2 mini bottles of amaretto to the table for a complimentary shot which I thought was a nice touch.Locanda de Gusti is a nice little restaurant with a homely decor and obviously good cooking. The atmosphere on a Saturday evening was good. I appreciate the fact that the menu isn't the usual pizza / pasta options you have in your standard italian restaurants in Edinbugh.
5	I met a few friends on a Saturday night for a lovely meal here. I had the grilled vegetables with mozzarella for the starter, which were plentiful, healthy, nicely presented and also very tasty. For the main I progressed on to the monkfish in a bean broth, which was excellent. The fish was perfectly cooked and the beans were flavourful and not too heavy. The red wine that was recommended was really excellent, and I had a good white wine with my main. I ended the meal with a rich chocolate mousse. It was more of a chocolate pot than a mousse, but it was lovely. It was also very kind that the servers brought us cute mini bottles of amaretto for an excellent finish to the meal. The food is excellent and the servers are extremely friendly and helpful. It is a lovely, family type of restaurant with homely decorations. It's not cheap but it's worth it.
