1	Absolutely DISGUSTED by the work done at this shop! The people in the front office S and J do not know $hit about customer service. S looks like she just rolled out of the club an hour before she had to work. Went in for SIMPLE transmission SERVICE. They were supposed to replace any fluids with Mercedes Benz fluids. Well, when I had my car checked by MB, they noticed the transmission fluid was now yellow and not the standard red that MB highly recommends. After confronting the "office" staff, they tell me they use a "universal, synthetic fluid that's better than MB". Well, according to BOTH MB dealers in Las Vegas, you are not supposed to use anything except the RED fluids. They were insistent that it was alright to mix the 2 fluids, but now, the damage is DONE. I will NEVER go to this shop again and EVERYONE that I meet with a European vehicle, I will WARN them about this shop! This is not the first time I've been bamboozled by this place... First time, shame on YOU....
1	What a joke!  This place is not female friendly....I went in for an Oil Change and they called me with a $1600 quote.  When I asked for what the Guy was so rude. In so many words I was told to SHUT UP and come get my car, REALLY?!  Thank God my Brother came with me to pick my car up, whew.  Never ever ever again, BEWARE!
1	I took my Honda Civic here, as it was overheating and we were stranded from out of town. We paid over $1,000 for a new radiator, coolant and a thermostat. They failed to replace the radiator cap and we never made it back to LA before it started overheating. Had to pay for another diagnostic and buy a $10 cap , as the old one was losing pressure that would have prevented this is from the beginning. Now 90 days later, the radiator has a huge hole in it and they're telling me I need to bring it back from CALI to have it fixed! Imagine that towing bill! THIS PLACE IS A RIP OFF! Like EVERYONE SAYS: STAY AWAY. I used to own a repair shop and always replace all parts connected to the cooling system and use only OEM! Thanks All European!
1	Took my BMW here for a new battery.  Called before I came in, told him what I needed and what car I have, he quoted me $211 including labor.  I drop it off and they call me a couple hours later saying the battery is bad and it will be $287 because the computer needs to be reprogrammed.  Thing is, the computer needs to be reprogrammed EVERY TIME YOU REPLACE THE BATTERY.  So it was basically bait and switch, as I would never ask for them to replace the battery without reprogramming.  They purposely quoted me lower over the phone, then once the car was there jacked up the price.  I had them do it anyways since it was still cheaper than the dealership, though not by much at this point.  They replaced the battery, then called me and said I needed a new alternator.  I thought this was strange since my car is only a 2007 and it's rare for alternators to go bad on them.  Though the price they were quoting ($900) was only slightly higher than other shops, I ended up taking the car to the dealership as they were willing to cover the alternator.  I got there and not only did they test and conclude that my alternator was fine, but they noticed that All European put in an aftermarket battery.  So, to recap, All European purposely misquoted me over the phone, raised the price once I got there, then tried to get me to pay almost $900 on something I didn't need.  If if turns out my alternator is indeed bad (extremely unlikely), I'll come back and update the review.Needless to say, I won't be back.
1	Be careful and be sure to state you want the old parts that were replaced kept for you to see them.  They are not above charging for parts that were never replaced and the labor for not doing the replacement. Paid over 2K for work that they recommended be done when when they called me about the problems they found after taking my Boxer in for an inspection.  Like others say here, BEWARE!!  Parts I paid for were not replaced, but did last just beyond their 6 month warranty before they failed completely. So no longer their problem.Every time I drive by this shop I still cringe about being ripped off by them so badly.  Almost ready to put a sign over my shoulders and walk back and forth in front of the shop and hand out these reviews.
1	***UPDATE***  Six months later and my alternator is doing just fine.  This business tried to scam me for sure.
1	Stay away from this place!!!They are a total rip off and have terrible customer service! I took my Audi in because my check engine light came on... They quoted me a $760 job because according to them was the fuel pump.. After they "fixed" it.. A day later the engine light came right back up with the same ODB code and still had the same symptons! Came to find out by another mechanic it was never the fuel pump and it was a simple valve that cost about $20. Never again!! Stay away from here!!
1	I agree with all the other 1 stars.  This place is rude, arrogant and terrible.  At least be good if you are going to be this arrogant.  They lie, cheat and steal.  Avoid.  How do they still get business?
1	These guys are crooks. I took my car in for an engine replacement and was told all the engine mounts were broken and the engine would jump out of the car. I had another shop replace one of the mounts one month prior to the engine failure so I became suspicious. I went to the shop, inspected the parts and found the old engine mounts were in good usable condition. i started asking the manager questions. After a few minutes, the owner of the shop steps in and literally threw me out of the shop. This guy is rude and has some kind of a short mans complex with a control issue. He would not   let me explain my position before he started yelling in my face. It cost me $2400 to find out this is one of the worst shops in Las Vegas, if not the worst. Like the other reviews always ask for your old parts back. Very sad that there are guys like this giving the automotive repair industry a bad name.
1	HORRIBLE HORRIBLE!!  I agree with all of the reviews, should have heeded their advice and stayed away from them... huge rip off, didn't stand by their "guarantee" of workmanship (very shoddy), didn't know what they were doing, turn around time for simple stuff was 4 weeks!  HORRIBLE
1	DON'T DO IT! A friend of mine took my car here since he said he had a friend there so I figured it was worth a shot. Worse mistake of my life. I only wish I checked here BEFORE I let him take it there. Please, don't use them, I'm only trying to help you. These guys are rotten, like many have stated. Read the other reviews and believe them. They held my car hostage for $2300 which didn't even include any repair work. It was only supposed to be an estimate. Now it's in a thousand pieces, but at least I got it back. So buyer beware, unless you wanna lose your money (and your vehicle) don't use these guys.
1	went in there to get a bulb fixed came out with a broke headlight . as usual they put the blame as already being there but not the case . anyway took it somewhere else they fix the light that ALL EUROPEAN broke . also their conjoined with the business  that connects them by building
1	I made a huge mistake and did not look at the Yelp reviews before I spent $2700 on repairs.  I asked for the parts and of course they couldn't provide them.  I am so frustrated and know I got ripped off.  These guys should be put out of business.  I will NEVER take my car back to them even if it broke down in front of their business.  Also, beware when they say they need to fix the problem right away because it is "unsafe" to drive.  They scare you into getting a repair.  GET A SECOND OPINION!
1	I wish Oh I wish I read Yelp before I came here, Brought my Jetta for a diagnostic since it was stalling and the check engine light were on, They work so quickly and call you back fast,  Mike Said oh it was just the Battery and the wiring around it, its not the end of the world, cost me around $ 700, so i did the repair and so Happy that it was under $ 1000,  after 1 day driving it, the car started to over heat which didnt happen prior to the repair, brought it back for another diagnostic , Mike said it was the water pump and thermostat $ 1,500,00, asked him before i proceed if this car is worth it to fix if everything else is okay, he said yes everything else is running great, and I went ahead with the repair, 2 days later My engine light were on again and the car started to stall again which was the original problem I took the car to them for, called Mike and I asked there is no charge right ? he was like well let me take a look first, than another person called said I needed a new transmission and front axle $ 3,500 he quoted me, REALLY ??? , i told him I am not going to do it, pick up my car and got a second opinion from different shop, and found out I had a missing part in my car and he found out the wiring still messed up also found out the transsmission problem after first diagnostic without me telling him the problem and everything cost me $ 2,700 that was included the missing part that All European failed to mention. I have been driving my jetta for a couple months now without any problem, I also file a complaint to Better Business Bureau, so you fellow yelpers if you felt like you got ripped off i suggest you to do the same !!!
5	I have been going to them for about 2 years now. I have had great service and have done my services and fixed all my other issues on my Jaguars. With their convenient car service to take me to and from work is just so extremely helpful. Not having that added stress about bugging someone or missing work while its being worked on  is great!  Every time I left happy! Thank you again!
1	People, I am kicking myself in the rear for not reading all these negative reviews on Google and Yelp because, if I had, I WOULD OF NEVERRRRRRR brought my car here.The so-called co-owner needs to go to anger management classes because if you question him on work performed, he turns into a raving lunatic.I bring my car in for repair all nice and sweet.  I question the work that was done and like a JEKYLL AND HYDE.   I know they did things on my car that DID NOT NEED to be done because they were just done.  Besides that they totally ripped me off...labor....ridiculous...warranty they give IS A JOKE...Tells me that they never should of let me take withe car with brakes less than 50%...it's a law...I HAVE THE PROOF THAT THEY PUT ON NEW PADS BEFORE I GOT IT.  RIPPING PEOPLE OFF IS A CRIME.......SAVE YOUR MONEY....IF THEY TELL YOU SOMETHING IS WRONG, GET ANOTHER OPINION.YOU WILL BE HAPPY YOU DID.This place works on foreign cars, ie Mercedes...BMW' etc...They think because people have these cars they can afford to be ripped off...Well, I am not standing for it.
1	I've been to All European three times now and they were very un-helpful. The 1st time was for the 150 point inspection on the used Mercedes I just bought. ($150)The second was for an oil/filter change and parking light replacement. ($175)I found out about a week or two later they essentially took my money and did nothing. After the 150 point inspection that took less then an hour (it should take way longer) they told me it was in perfect order except for motor mounts and the dashboard lights. Great.After that I had one parking lamp that had a different bulb then the other so I had them replace one bulb so they match. At that point they say, "oh gosh your whole headlight assembly wasn't plugged in but we did it for you." At first I think how nice, but then I wonder how the heck they missed that during the 150 point inspection. The next day I realize both parking lamps no longer work. When I went back they say I must have blew a dude and it's $100 for them to check it. Wow!! Are you serious?!On that last visit I expressed how important it was my car be in good running order since I was driving to California, and Mike assured me it was. Once I got to California the car started leaving fluid. I ended up having to take it to the dealership. It had a hydraulic leak. The Mercedes dealership did a complimentary visual inspection and found a long list of things wrong with the car, the most important thing being the pads and rotors. They were worn down to emergency levels! How the blank blank did All European miss that?! I paid $150 for an inspection and it seems to me they didn't inspect anything. There is no reason they could have missed that. The reason I went there is so I know I'm driving in a safe car, how could they miss something like that? I was truly ready to be a loyal customer and I feel like they have been taking advantage of me from day one. I understand the dealership may have been putting extras on it but brakes and the severity mine were at really baffles me. I knew I should have went with my gut when I saw the many other bad reviews but I really wanted to give mike the benefit of the doubt because he seemed like an ok guy. Now I just feel stupid. I wanted to go back and demand an explanation but honestly once I thought about it... Why waste my time for me to only leave mad. Just wanted to update you all on the full picture.I included pics of the inspection results so you can see how much all European missed (if u can zoom in)
1	This is the worst auto repair shop I've ever been to.  I would say it's the worst shop in the US.  I took a classis 1977 Rolls Royce, Silver Shadow to them with fluid leaks.  They said they repaired the problem and the issue was resolved. As soon as I got the car home and parked it, it was leaking worst than when I took it in.  I returned the vehicle and once again they said the problem was resolved.  When I called to tell them I was still having the problem I was told that, "we fixed most of the leaks", I thought I was charged and paid to have all the leaks fixed.  After the third time taking the car to them it was still not fixed.  At one point when I left the car to be repaired for the leaking issue.  I informed the shop that I would be out of town on business and would get the car when I retuned.  I received a voice mail and text telling me that if I didn't pick the car up immediately it would be taken to storage and I would be charged $50 a day.  This was after I spent approximately $4,000 for a problem they didn't fix.So, I would give them minus 5 stars if that was possible, I suggest you avoid this shop at all cost.  Also, I took the car to another shop who completed the work for half the cost.  I will be writing a review for them as well and I believe they deserve 10 stars.
5	They do a great job with regular maintenance (oil changes and whatnot) on my Audi. I started bringing it here because Desert Audi does a terrible job with even the most routine things. My boyfriend also took his Honda to all European for new brakes, which he got a great deal on. They are also good with keeping me updated about what is wrong with the car, how long it will take to fix, and how much it will cost before they do the work. Also the office manager Samantha is super nice and really helpful whenever I call or come in. Will continue to come here.
5	After my brand new, just bought Camaro was smashed, I took it over to this shop. (after being lost in the shuffle by other places) Not only were they completely sympathetic to my pain of my new baby being crashed, they were extremely helpful in every way possible, rental cars, time for repair etc..also giving the best options for me and not the Insurance company. During the time of the repair I had many questions, which were quick to be answered by a tech or Sam who was always willing to go the extra mile to make sure I was at ease. When I got my car back, it was done to my amazement perfectly! you couldn't tell at I was even in an accident..not only was it returned to me in perfect condition they detailed my car! Overall I will tell you that this place is getting all my service and referrals.. Thank you so much!
5	After going to BMW and a quote for $2900.00 I decided to get a second quote elsewhere. My wife's friend actually recommended this place because she brings her Porsche here. My wife went in and spoke to a young lady there who was very professional, and my wife explained what they said at BMW and handed the young lady BMW's invoice. About 3 hours later my wife had gotten a call stating that all the work that BMW had stated was false and it was a simple job. My wife not knowing anything really about the car had them call me. I spoke to a gentleman and he had quoted me $800 for the repairs. I will be back to this place again and recommend this place to others. They even gave her a ride back to work when she brought the vehicle there.
5	Not easy to find reliable and honest mechanics. I was hesitant at first because some of the reviews are poor. My friend assured me it was a good place though and word of mouth can be a better gage. I won't take my ride any where but to Mike.  The shop is clean and organized.  Mike keeps the crew in check.
5	I have read some of the reviews on here and have to say I'm surprised...because my experience at this auto repair place was amazing! After my brand new Camaro was smashed and being shuffled around by other dealerships and repair shops, I was happy to run across All European..thank God! I was completely broken heart over my new cars damage, but everyone here completely put me at ease and made this process easy..From the timing of the repairs to the help on a rental car and any questions I had, someone was always ready to help me...the girl in the front office was so nice to me (Sam) and always took the time to get the answers to my questions..even dealt with the insurance company to make sure my needs were seen to.  Overall this place made a nightmare experience a Dream fix for me...I have since sent my mom and my mother in law here..and both moms were extremely happy. My dad even said, its a miracle these days to find a place that won't rip you off and won't go anywhere else but here.  My family and I give this place the highest recommendation and will get all our business... from an oil change to a fender bender ..thank you..thank you... thank you!
5	I have been going to and recommending all of my family and friends to All European Auto for over 3 years. They have been more than helpful and always on top of everything ALL THE TIME EVERYTIME! Thank you All European!!
1	I really wish i went to yelp first too, as someone said. I have a 64 Jag Mark X I drove it from Lake Tahoe to Las Vegas like it was a limo.  After we got here, we were driving it around when a pully broke and the fan belt was loose and had already dented the fan. I called and they were so nice. I brought it in, they fixed it. Then said, "oh it is driving really bad, it needs a tune up" Me and my husband thought huh? It was running great. When I told Michael that he said " it wasnt' running at all when it got here" It was running, I had to towed in as to not do any more damage. Nice word play. So we went ahead with the tune up, we were a day late picking car up, but paid them their 2,000$ . From the time I said "do the tune up" from the time he called and said it was ready, was under 2 hours and 700$. AND he told me on the phone the car was running great.  Now my car wont run at all. It runs worse than it did even with the belt and pulley and fan broke. When I called to show him that the air filter was gone and that it wasn't running right, he started calling me a lier, that I was white trash, trying to get over on him. Wouldn't even go over the issues, screaming name calling insistant that because it was towed in, and not driven in that "it wasn't running when it got here" I was making up stories and that he told my husband there was more work to be done. Of course there was, Las Vegas has the shadiest mechanics I have ever seen. He said the air filter was missing when it got there, it very well could have been, but couldn't he have nicely told me that? Aren't you supposed to make a customer happy? I wasn't unreasonable, I was upset cause I know that car, it ran perfect before bringing it in. The real issue was how he spoke to me. What kind of customer service is that and who calls a woman who just paid him 2000$ white trash and a liar? I am dumbfounded!!So 2,000$ later my car doesn't even run. yes there are new spark plugs, but that is all I can see as far as a "tune up" goes. So I will be filing a small claims on these shady people. All one stars, except for one lucky guy who may be a friend or just got lucky. But according to him, it's us people from California who try to rip him off? How is that possible when we paid him 2000$ i am convinced they DID something to my car to make it look like I needed them. But what they don't know, is that I know how that car ran, like a champ... Now it won't even hold an idle even after it is warmed up. I have had bad mechanics before, but they way Michael, the manager himself, spoke to me, calling me names after making not a few hundred, but a few thousand off of me is just disheartening. My baby is now undriveable. My husband knew it as soon as he left, and was surprised he made it home, taking it back to them would have ended up costing near 5-10 G.. These guys need to be put our of business. OK, thanks for listening to my rant. But "white trash, bitch, liar, stupid californians, and "it wasn't running when it got here? and his "proof I lied was cause my husband was a day late picking it up? WoWDO NOT USE THESE PEOPLE... PLEASE!!!
1	Terrible terrible terrible.  No return calls, slow service, horrible customer service.  Irresponsible, unprofessional. The list goes on, do NOT come here to get services done Becuase it will NEVER get done. I left 1 star so I could post this review and I've never posted a review before.
1	DO NOT GO HERE!!! Mike the owner seems demonic. I know that's a bit of a strong judgment. All European overcharges. He would not show me a bill of everything I was being charged for. Fixed things i did not agree to fix. This shop is a sham. Going out of business would do this place justice for all the people the owner screwed over.
