4	So far so good, just started my second week of the foundation class (the beginner ones) via a living social coupon. Will is a great instructor he explains all of the moves  and provides great motivation. I have been slacking in my workouts and this has been a great way to jump start my exercise routines again. I do like that they incorporate running into the warm ups and work outs  because that's something I'm currently (slowly) trying to build up. It was hard for me to find this place , but if you turn on reams road make a right into the office complex then go ALL the way around the building you will see the sign and some cars in the far corner of the parking lot.
5	I've been a member of Crossfit 704 for almost a year now. I started in June with my Foundations Course and continued since then. Will, Phil, and Abby are amazing instructors and they all have a special way to unlock the skills and movements that you need in order to unleash your potential.You've probably heard a lot about Crossfit from various places. For most, it brings with it a strong emotion either way. I can tell you that I was not a regular gym rat. Sure, I biked every now and again, but I wasn't feeling a strong attachment to it.Since joining Crossfit 704, I've seen great improvement to my work outs. I think if you find the right box, CrossFit is an awesome choice for a lot of people.It's different every day, so it's never boring, someone is writing your workouts for you so you don't have to think about it, and its fun.When I don't show up, people notice and ask where I was.It gets you to do things you wouldn't do on your own. I would never go running or rowing on my own - but if it's in the WOD, I don't have a choice. Also, I'll go and do things that I would never do before (such as yoga classes, or spending a saturday afternoon doing hill sprints) because I know it will help me get a better time on a WOD later on.Does it work? Well, what's your goal? If it's to get in better shape or to lose weight, then yes, it works. However, it's not some cureall magic pill - as with any other training program, you will get out of it what you put into it.This location is amazing. Crossfit is all about community, and I feel it every time I show up. HUGE part of CrossFit is the supportive community aspect that comes with each gym.  I guarantee you'd finish a workout a few seconds (or minutes) faster if you had 10 people screaming your name and cheering you toward the finish line.The coaches, the community, the life changing possibiltiies - you have no reason not to check out Crossfit 704.
5	I was traveling in and out of Charlotte all summer. Crossfit 704 was so accommodating! They allowed me to drop in when I was in town and treated me like I was a regular. The coaches were so welcoming... I was nervous the first time to drop in, but they instantly greeted me and introduce me to everyone. They eased any hesitations I had. I have been doing Crossfit for awhile and have come across some great coaches and some that were fair in quality. The coaches at 704 are of the highest caliber. They are well-informed, but also approach each athlete as an individual. Whether you are looking for a box to drop in to while traveling or you are considering becoming a full-time member, I highly recommend. Thanks Crossfit 704 for allowing me to train at your facility this summer!
5	I have been a member of Crossfit 704 for over three months now, and let me tell you when I began I was not an athlete. For years I tried being regular to the gym but I just found it too boring. Well not Crossfit 704! I love the dedication that Phil and Abby bring to the box. They both give emphasis on good posture and safety which is crucial while doing the intense workouts. Everyday is a new day and fun challenge. The improvements I see within three months on my strength and mobility almost brings me to happy tears. To put it short Great coaches! Great community! Great workouts! Great feeling!
