2	**WARNING** DO NOT COME HERE THINKING YOU WILL BE ABLE TO GET "ONLY" AN OIL CHANGE AND CAR WASH!I came to this Danny's because I figured it was a convenient location in a huge shopping area - I could drop my car off and run errands.  All I wanted was an oil change and car wash, and they weren't having it.  The guy haggled with me for literally almost 15 minutes to get their other detailing services or window tints.  Dude, I just want an oil change and a car wash!  After about 10 minutes I got fed up and wanted to get on with my day, so I figured I'd throw him a bone and asked for the wheel polish service since they were kind of grimey anyway and that was the cheapest "additional" service.  Still, he was RELENTLESS in selling me the full detailing package, at a mere 5x the price than for just the oil change and wash!  After another 5 minutes of haggling with me, I finally caved and got the full service for only 3x more than what I wanted.  What a deal!So we agreed on the price which was "all inclusive" (even tax) and I was told that the car would be ready in an hour and a half.  After 2 hours I called them up, it seriously took the girl 10 minutes to find out if my car was ready, and of course she told me it would be another 10 minutes.  I went to pick up my car and found out that they were charging me $20 over the quoted price because "my car needed an extra quart of oil" (is my oil reserve somehow bigger than normal???!!!!) and "a special oil filter" (???!!!).  To me, when someone says "all inclusive" that means there will be no additional fees. Apparently I was mistaken.  Thanks for ripping me off Danny!  Of course arguing with them did me no good, if I didn't pay up they weren't giving me my car back.What takes the cake is that on the receipt it said they "checked" my air filter and "noted" that I need to get that changed.  If you're already checking the air filter and selling me services I don't want or need at 3x the price of the basics, then just freaking change the damn air filter.  You can even charge me for it and claim it was just as "special" as the extra quart of oil and the oil filter.They did do a really good job though, and the car looks fantastic inside and out.  So if you really want to shell out a lot of money for expensive detailing services, this is the place.  But I will never be coming back for "just an oil change and car wash" and I don't recommend anyone else to try to get away with that either!
5	The guy that use to work there really isn't a fair judge of their services...he sounds like a disgruntled employee. I have had wonderful experiences with Danny's. They are for sure the best car wash in the valley. They offer a bunch of different services and have a great lobby store. I wouldn't go anywhere else.
4	I go here once a week or so for a big pop for lunch.  The place is super-clean and the staff is really friendly.  Today, I had to get two drinks - one for me and one for Jenni at work.  Got one free.  They must love me or know I got game.The thing I HATE HATE HATE though is the parking.  I almost get hit just about everytime by people pulling away from the pumps and not watching where they're going.  There's just not a ton of room to park in front of the store and avoid the idiots leaving the pumps.
1	We paid for a detail and got a regular car wash. The car even still had footprints on the dash. We brought the car back and they tried to cover it up. I do not trust these guys. A very similar experience happened to a friend of mine too. Paid for an upgrade service and didn't get it, also they push the air filter replacement VERY hard every time you take the car in. There are better places.
1	If you are a woman going by yourself to this carwash, don't go! I have been to this carwash twice and while they did a great job and the prices were reasonable, I will never return. The pushy windshield "repair man"  bothered me on my first visit but I was able to escape by saying "do NOT touch my windshield" several times. On my second visit he told me that by not having him fix the tiny chip in my windshield I was going to hit a pothole and my windshield was going to crack and shatter in my face and lap. These bullying tactics made for a very unpleasant experience and I will not return.
3	I agree that the bad thing about this place at all their locations is how they pressure you into upgrading your wash options, and window chip repairs. they are also not cheap, and sometimes the car is not as perfect as i would like for the price I have paid. The worst experience I had with them was when I got a full detail and my owners manual was not put back into the car. I argued with them and demanded that they find it, but was told they were not responsible for it and there was nothing else they could do. The manual cost $450 to replace from Land Rover. I never got a new one.
2	Pros:1.  Good value for the dollar spent.  GOOD, not great.2.  A very nice facility.Cons:1.  Ok, enough already with the windshield thing.  Yes, I know it won't cost me a dime, but if I nickel and dime my insurance company, my rates will increase and that little chip might "gravely concern you" as I've been told every visit, I know your service is there and I'll ask for it if I want it.  Back the hell off, please.2.  They're not very careful with your car.  I have a spankin' brand new BMW and watched a worker run over two containers and loudly drag them under the nose of my car to the detail bay.  I held my arms up like "Hey! WTF?!" and was shrugged off.3.  Check for water spots.  Oftentimes they have quality issues and you've really got to give your automobile a thorough "once over" after it's completed.Suggestions?- End the "Sir! Sir! I want to talk to you about your windshield, we're very concerned about your windshield! You need to fix this immediately!"- FOCUS ON QUALITY, please, if you promise a "VIP" for $6 over the price of a "basic", make sure the extra $6 is evident in the quality of the finished product.  I don't go to subway sandwich, order a foot long turkey and expect to get a six-inch cold cut combo.
4	Nice car wash. I'd you've been to Danny's before, you know the drill. Brian there is also the window tint specialist. Very nice guy and works on all makes and models.
3	Let me first say that they always do an excellent job on my car here. I had my windows tinted today and it looks great.  On the downside they are fans of the hard sell and I left with my car looking fantastic but my bill was way more then I wanted it to be when I entered.  *Danny's EASE UP on the HARD SELL!Other then that my only wish is that they just had a tip bucket to put money in because today for the first time I ended up not even tipping because I had no idea who made commissions and who cleaned my car or who to give money to so sorry to the man who did the car wash that I missed you!  Also, I must agree with the woman about getting hit on and it being a little too much but sometimes you just have to smile, say thank you and laugh because that's just life....be thankful you're still getting drooled over!
2	Ever been to a used car lot with aggressive sales people? Prepare for the same thing only you will be blitzed with more expensive wash packages and  waxing upgrades every time you drive in. How many times can you say "no" to the same things, you will find out. Totally annoying but I guess it increases their bottom line so they do not care....Interior cleaning could be a little better, but this is overall an average car wash.
1	I kept going back to Danny's thinking that "this time it will be better", and every time I am disappointed and angry.  These guys are totally shady, dishonest and do really half-assed work.  One time they locked my keys in the car, another time my car wouldn't start after they got done, I found a work schedule for all the guys in the shop in my glove box after another visit (do they really need to be in my glove box?!), and the last time they lied about what services they had performed (I had just replaced my air filters, and topped off my windsheild wiper fluid, and they told me that it needed to be replaced).I know they're open on weekends, and they're quick, but I recommend you stay away from Danny's Family Car Wash!  One more thing:  I've also been to the one on Bell Road and 84th Avenue near my work, and they are just as bad!
4	Having moved recently from Seattle the full service wash thing is new to me. I used to pay the same price to run my car though a building with brushes and a big blower thing at the end. Imagine my excitement when I found out I could get my mini van washed, vacuumed, and windows cleaned for only $12.99. I think what I like about this place is watching how hard and well the folks work on my van after it has gone through the machine. They seem to enjoy their jobs, like each other and they do a fantastic job. I also like that I feel like I get the same service and attention to detail in my $1000 hooptie (which from what I can tell is the ugliest vehicle in Scottsdale) as the 100K + cars next to me. It is soooo worth it to go here, I could pay a few bucks less at Costco but then I have to vacuum myself and wash the windows and dash myself...where is the value in that?
3	Good car wash, but always trying to upsell, can get annoying.
1	Danny's was a 5 star Car Wash 15 years ago! Today, Danny's Family Carousel Car Wash is now all about the Pressure Upsell!Gone is the the friendly customer service & a Job #1 attitude that kept me coming back!I understand this is a business & there is a bottom line, but to pressure your customers to purchase more than they intend is not upselling, it is unscrupulous!They hit you full force the second you pull into the station! Instead of earning repeat business like they use to they are trying to upsell you get the works, an oil change and windshield damage repair, and everything else they have to sell! When you decline all the extras they disappear as quickly as they showed up & everywhere else you get nothing but bad attitudes!  They try to rush you out of there as quickly as possible, to the point that they always miss something... I've left there several times to find the front end of my car still covered with bug marks!In the past several years I've had countless bad experiences. So bad that I go out of my way not to ever use a Danny's Family Car Wash again!
4	My car went to Danny's looking sad and gray. My car left Danny's looking shiny, happy, fully detailed - and for a great price!This is a new bi-weekly must have!
3	The prices at the gas station used to be almost better than anywhere else.  Not anymore.  Now I only purchase gas when I'm running on fumes and I am at the gym.  Otherwise I rather use the station in the corner of Tatum and Union Hills.  Seems to have the best prices.
3	Not a bad place to get your car washed.  The wait isn't too bad and it's not as busy as some of the other locations around town.  The convenience store is great too with a nice selection of Snacks to grub on while you wait.  Wish they had a self service car wash option for the days when I just want to get a quick clean.Return Factor - 62%
3	My wife called me at home one Saturday morning sums it up better than I can, "All I want is a Fawking car wash, I don't have time to entertain all the upselling and fixing a small chip on the windshield".  Yes dear, tell them you don't want the windshield fixed, but just a wash.I do enjoy the cheap sodas and there is no usually no waiting on Sunday mornings.
1	Wow...I just learned a very valuable lesson. Steer clear of Danny's Family Car Wash on Northsight around 11 a.m. on Friday's. This place was super busy; 16 to 20 cars in queue waiting to be dried and about 6 workers. I waited over 45 minutes for my car to be wiped down - however the folks that drove Mercedes, BMW's, Audi's and Infiniti's were most definitely given preferential treatment. I watched the dryers meticulously manicure these vehicles while the rest of us got a "lick and a promise" wipe down. I guess they figure they'll be better tippers? Well unfortunately waiting 45 minutes for my car to be wiped down warranted a pretty crappy tip. I typically have had good luck with them, so I'll give them another chance. Screw up and, well, they're not the only game in town!
1	Rip Off Alert! I asked the salesperson if they could bring back the new shine on my headlights. The lights had become faded and a there was a very faint yellowish hue. She told me they could do it for $60. Sounded like a decent deal considering my mechanic explained it would be $200. When my car was finished the headlights looked basically the same. They were shiny but still slightly yellow. I asked to speak to the salesperson from earlier. She came over and I explained how the lights looked the same. She called one of the detailers over and talked to him about it. He raced off and quickly returned with a rag and a tube of some impressive looking cleaning substance. He began scrubbing away. He was rubbing those lights at 100 miles an hour and he two of us were just standing there watching him. It was so demeaning. I felt terribly uncomfortable watching this poor guy slave away in the hot sun. He kept looking up at us as if he was looking for our approval of his hard work. She said to me "it's looking better right"? At this point what am I supposed to say? She then explained how the only way to really get rid of that yellow haze was to open up the headlight casing and clean it out from the inside. And how I would have to take it to a mechanic for that. I finally had enough and just wanted to go home.  All in all, a miserable experience. On a positive note - at least I managed to avoid the windshield repair guys and several years of hard sell phone calls from their miserable company.
4	Everone be starin.My car is like new. Only a few days ago you would have thought it was tan, but once the dirt was washed away it's a sparkly white again! Troy was the first person I met here, he asked me what I was interested in and prepared the perfect package for me. For $80 they cleaned the entire car. And I mean entire. They vacuumed and scrubbed and rinsed and soaped and wiped and God knows what else. It took like an hour and a half but when they were done it was shiny and beautiful. $80 is kind of expensive for me, but it was completely worth it for how it still looks about two weeks later. So fresh and so clean clean.
2	Generally I like the service.  They do a good job in washing my car, but I too don't care for the constant up-sell.  I recently replaced my windshield wiper and I was concerned that it didn't sit flush to the windshield.  When I went back I was told that it was due to the price (it wasn't the cheapest, but also not the most expensive), and was told that the windshield would need to meld to the window...ummm, not the best response.
3	As my oil change was in process & I was waiting inside, I started reading the reviews for Danny's. So, when the guy came in & said that my air filter was filthy and they needed to replace it, I laughed as my fellow Yelpers warned me that moment would come.The basic oil change + free car wash is $32.99, but then they charge $5 for a new filter, so just say it's $37.99 on the sign instead so I won't be confused & question my bill. Also: $30 (came down from $40) to change an air filter sounds expensive for something I can do myself. I will say they were fast & even had time to check out other parts of my car to suggest more stuff they could fix! Hmm...I wish they had a self service car wash too. Some days I don't wanna wait 15 minutes for a clean car. On zee fence about Danny's for now.
1	COMPLETE RIP OFF!My husband brought in our car for a detail and had a $50 coupon. He left the car with them and they said that he could pay afterwards. He told them up front that he had this coupon. When he came back, they insisted that he didn't qualify for the coupon because they didn't do a "full service" and charged him $199.99 plus tax for the detail. For a flippin' detail! I didn't find out until after the fact when I looked on our credit card statement. I don't know why he paid it, but I would have put up a HUGE fit. That is such a rip off. They totally scammed him into paying the money because he was in a rush to get the car and leave. WOULD NOT RECOMMEND.
5	Good price and value! I have also been to other Danny's and I will say that this location is the best one.
5	I hit up this Danny's all the time and love it. Always quick, easy and great service.
1	Very disappointed. I purchased a wash and detail, when I got the car back it was not clean inside. Also they damaged the inside. When I went back to speak to the manager, I was told that I probably damaged the inside myself and the employees wouldn't have damaged the interior. He then added to that by insulting me and making comments that my luxury vehicle looks like trash. He would not pay for the interior damage. He did not care about customer service at all. I will not go back.
1	Let me preface this by saying I only write reviews when I receive exceptionally good service or absolutely terrible service and this is one of the worst.  The complaint is more against the corporate office and the company as a whole rather than this car wash location.  Here is the complaint I just filed with the BBB.....I borrowed my brother-in-laws black Chevy Tahoe and it was dirty when I got it so I went straight to the Danny's car wash on Northsight to get it cleaned up.  This was on Friday 12/21.  When the car came out of the car wash and I got home, I noticed a paint scratch about the size of a nickel and that the bumper had been pulled away from the fender on the front lower left side of the car.  I called my brother-in-law to ask him if he knew anything about that and he said no, he had not seen that so we assumed it happened during the car wash.  I called the car wash to ask if they have video tapes and they said they did and gave me a number to call to speak to Brian at the corporate office about it.  I did speak to Brian and after a few phone calls he told me he would leave the video at the car wash for me to pick up on the 28th or 29th.  I went to pick it up and the manager at the store told me the video would not play on the car wash computer in their office and so I took the disc home and there was nothing on the disc when I got it home.  I was given Brian's cell phone number where I left him 5-7 voice mails over the period of 1.5 weeks and another 4-5 messages were left at the corporate office for Brian to call me back.  I spoke with Corey at the corporate office many times and he told me Brian is not typically in the office but he would have Brian call me.  Brian has never called me back now 2 weeks after I was supposed to receive the video.  I then spoke with Vivian on 1/4 at the corporate office who tried to assist and was told I would have a video ready to pick up on Monday 1/7.  No one called me on Monday the 7th so I called Vivian who told me that Brian is going through treatment for cancer so he is in and out of the hospital and that he was in the hospital and they did not know when he would be out.  I asked if I could speak to someone above him to get this resolved and she said no, that would not help because the video is on Brian's lap top.  I asked if they knew how long he would be in the hospital and they could not give me a time frame.  Finally I asked Vivian if she could please give my phone number to a General Manager and have someone call me back on Tuesday 1/8 and she said "sure" in a very snotty voice.  I knew she wasn't going to ask anyone to call me but I left it at that and waited.  Tuesday went by and no one called as I expected with the past history of no one calling me back ever.  All I want is to see the videos from the car wash to find out if the damage to the car occurred while at the car wash or not.   It is hard for me to believe that there is no one else who can help me if one of their employees is in the hospital for an unknown amount of time.  It has been almost 3 weeks since the day I got the car washed and I just want to see the video.  I've left at least 10-12 voice messages or messages with people at the office and none of those calls have been returned.  I have been calling the corporate office ever day and nothing is getting done.  I actually like the service I get at this car wash location and they do a pretty good job but if you ever have to deal with Corporate, you better watch out and expect to never have calls returned and your issue never resolved.  They tell you no one works in the office who deals with customers and they are all in the field.  This company is run very poorly and their customer service is terrible.  Both people at the office, Corey and Vivian, are very rude and seem to not know anything about what is going on.  Use Danny's cautiously and hope you don't run into any customer service issues.  I will be finding myself a new car wash to go to and I run a transportation company where I visit the car wash multiple times weekly, they have lost some good business.
1	Drove into Danny's in Scottsdale today with a brand new car (1800 miles) and it came out the other end of the car wash with a crack across the entire windshield. General Manager (shocked this guy deals with customers) initially said he would review "the tape" while I was there. Decided he didn't want to and told me to sue him after speaking to me like I was some stupid woman. ENTER AT YOUR OWN RISK!!!!!!
3	I come here like twice a day for iced tea and gum. Danny's is great for that. Gas is usually priced pretty high because this is Scottsdale. Car wash bums me out because they always want to upsell me. Some of the cashiers don't seem to remember me even though I stop in like 10 times a week so that's weird. The best part of the store is that they have a lot of good quality stuff. For example, you can get pizza that is delivered from Barros daily for $4 for 2 slices and a drink so that's pretty awesome. They have lots of snacks and a good selection of beers and beverages.
1	I asked if I could wait inside instead of outside, they said not a problem but what they failed to mention is they will NOT let you know inside that your car is ready. I even mentioned to the cashier I was waiting inside to double check someone would let me know my car was ready. After waiting and waiting and waiting, I finally asked if it was ready and with a snippy tone I was told to go outside and check...I drive an SUV (2013 Tucson) and had a large dog in the back, I specifically asked to make sure they were going do the "trunk area" since there was dog hair everywhere. They didn't. There carpets were still dirty, there was white stuff on the seats that I could easiy remove by licking my finger and rubbing it. The steering wheel was greesy which is extremely dangerous. There are spots on the dashboard where they neglected to clean. There was still dirt on the outside of my car, it looks like it was just hosed off, not actually washed. All and all, 19.99 for a VIP wash is an extreme waste of money!!!
4	My car is brand new.  and black. I am obsessed with washing it and the service and quality here is really great and considering I won't take my car into one of those self cleaners, this place is it.  You can get a $5 express wash which is nice and they do a really great job and the guys are super nice. So is the inside staff.  For as crowded as it always is, I get done rather quickly and really am pleased with their service time and time again.
1	I had an oil change ($69.00) and paid extra for the works wash. When i picked up my car, it didn't look like it had been vacuumed. They sent me back to the vacuum area, and while I waited a guy was trying to tape up the vacuum hose with clear packing tape. I was tired of waiting so I asked for a manager. Oscar came over and proceeded to tell me that they couldn't pick up dog hair and that if i had wanted a detail, i should of paid for a detail. The woman who vacuumed the other side of my car was somehow able to clean it. Oscar was the rudest, most obnoxious person I had run into. And he was the manager. Shocking!!!
1	Took my 350z in for some work in their oil and lube shop and they cracked my new block with 16k miles on it. The GM of oil n lube decided they wouldn't cover it, they sent out no insurance adjustor or anything to review the situation,and  refused to return my phone calls. VP of operations wouldn't even answer my questions, and quit responding to my emails. Left me with no running car and a $8k tab for a new block. Buyer Beware!!!!
1	Every time I purchase a groupon from Danny's Car Wash there seems to be a technical glitch.  This time I came in with one of the receipts/vouchers generated by Danny's when I turned in my groupon certificate.  They said the car wash had already been used.  Really?  How could i have used it multiple times if you generate the ticket from your register?  To top it off, I always have to go back through and have them vaccuum the car a second time and touch up spots they miss when wiping down the interior of the car. I'm not talking about hidden spots!  I'm talking about lifting the floor mats and getting ALL of the dirt under them.  Or really cleaning the interior coffee mug holders that have obvious coffee cup stains.  I am on the hunt for a new car wash in North Scottsdale.
2	This place really needs to work on their service. Hiring cashiers is one thing, training them to give good service makes a business so much better. I'm pretty sure this place's management doesn't really care about customers, more focused on loss prevention and keeping the store running.
4	Like every car wash location these days, Danny's tries to sell you on their detail packages...  Just get the $29.95 wash package.  It's clean, thorough, takes about 30-40 minutes on the weekend and your call smells fresh and looks great.
4	This is a quality car wash, not cheap, but you get a good wash. The basic wash is about $12 but they do a good job of the exterior, door frames, interior windows, and vacuum. It is not quick, but it takes time to do a good job. Expect to spend 15 minutes or more getting a wash.
2	I've been a customer of Danny's since I moved to Arizona 14 years ago. This is likely my last visit. Through the years I've tolerated being harassed about getting a detail, oil change, windshield fix, fluid flush, etc., but today was the last straw. The ticket writer repeatedly ground dirt into my paint using his finger for ten seconds after I loudly protested and then asked me, "do you see these water spots?"Since their recent immigration raid, this place has completely different staff and even though they were never 5-star, they aren't even 3-star anymore.There's no shortage of car wash choices in the valley.
4	From what I've heard about this place, they are either on or off. I got them on an on day, plus a coupon to boot. I was in desperate need of changing my oil and these guys are right across from my office. One of the guys brings his beautiful car there all the time for a wash, and everyone in the office said to just use these guys rather than being picky. I looked online because I wanted to see if I could drop the car off and have it back by a certain time. They said yes so I drove over and talked to the guys about some stuff. First off, I know they do the inspections and what not as a part of the deal but I already know whats up with my car, so I stressed not to push me too much on all that crap unless my car was about to kill me somehow -and they didn't!I had this piece of plastic hanging down in the front so I pointed that out to the guys and they fixed it...not extra charge. The coupon included a basic wash and clean of the interior. I am also missing a weather stripping piece on a door and they shoved towels and taped off that area so it wouldn't damage the inside of my door.They were ultimately done within 30 minutes and were cool with me leaving the car there until I could pick it up. As far as quickie oil changes go, I thought these guys were great and patient and cleaned my car up nicely. I would definitely use them again for simple things such as a wash or oil change.
2	Time for a review update.  Until I joined Clean Freak's monthly car wash program, I was here every few months or so to get my car washed.  Then, the scandal broke and I stopped coming here altogether because I didn't want people to think I was supporting their activities.  If they clean up their reputation, I will probably come back.  For now, I will stay away.Return Factor - 10%
4	Have to give a little review here since I did about the other location on 3rd and Bell. This location is by far superior over the bell road location. I never have any issues when asking for the hand wash where I would have to stand outside the other location and wait until they pulled my SUV in the auto wash line to tell them that it is a hand wash. Seriously, every single time they would pull into the auto line when I said and paid for hand wash. This location, only once, which is for the 4 stars...
1	On 10/26/13, my friend Stacey took her car to Danny's for a car wash only to have her $150 ipod stolen right out of her car by one of Danny's workers.  She noticed the ipod was missing immediately upon entering her car and notified the manager and filed a police report.  Needless to say, Danny's has not rectified the situation.  If that's not reason enough to boycott Danny's, I don't know what is.
1	Worst experience ever... took forever and I still left with dirty car... never going back there
1	If I could give 0 stars I would. I left the car wash and checked my middle console and my money was stolen. My middle console and glove compartment SHOULD NEVER BE OPENED UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCE. I will never return and do not recommend anyone to come as well. SHAME ON YOU!
1	I paid $419 for an oil change and detail.  They told me they could finish in less than 2 hours.  Went back at noon and they told me they aren't done.  Finally at 4:30 I returned and they did nothing more than a VIP wash and were full of excuses.  I did get partial refund, but that was only after fighting with 4 different people
3	I came in for an oil change and was asked a million times if I would pay $100 more to have my car detailed.  He gave up after he haggled it down to $75 and still couldn't get a bite.  I only went there to get my oil changed because I had a coupon and it came with a free carwash.  After almost 2 hours there, my oil change was done. Thankfully their indoor waiting area is nice, so my time was occupied doing work and eating my lunch that I picked up along the way.
5	I like the place, I like the washing system, I like how hard the crew works. The place seem to be very well run, never had an issue.
3	Pretty decent car wash for the price.  They were happy to go back over a couple of places that they missed on my car.
2	If I wanted a sleezy salesman, I would have gone to a used car lot. But that's what I get for getting my first detail and not doing research. 200 dollars for a detail and buffing out scratches (that didn't need to be buffed out, because they are clearly still visible) I told the guy, Trip (after he upsold me on an unnecessary added extra), I could not wait a couple hours and that I would just have to come back another time. He said he could get it done in an hour and a half. Well, he must've actually meant 4 hours, because that is how long it took. The extra star is for the front desk, they were very understanding and empathetic to the situation. Definitely irritated enough not to go back though.
4	I am definitely a fan.  I've brought my vehicle here twice after I was on long road trips.  I was bugged up and dirty.  The crew is always friendly and I get my car cleaned to perfection.  That says a lot because I am very particular about my vehicles and I maintain them in superior condition.  I love the layout of Danny's and there are plenty of seating areas, items for purchase at their convenience store.  Everything is at your fingertips.  It seems the detailer really cares and wants you to know he is trying his best to make your vehicle look great.  I got my car cleaned again on 04/30/14 and it was perfect!
1	This car wash business has grown too big for its own britches. The employee attitudes here are poor and completely disinterested in your needs. This morning was a weekend and I totally understand car washes are usually jammed up on weekends. However Danny's takes it to a new level with massive gas pumping lines,  disinterested personnel and a cashier check out Lane thirteen deep with of course only one cashier.   When I attempted to go pay on the other side of the building at a different register with an identically uniformed cashier with no one in line I was hastily blown off on the grounds that you can only pay for car washes at the one register with thirteen  customers in line.  Pleas to management were equally disregarded. This place reminds me of a large bank or large department store where the needs of the customer are no longer relevant based on their high volumes.  I would rather go somewhere else where you actually matter.
3	Decent car wash for the price.
2	*-*-*-* Got an Hour To Waste *-*-*-*-*-*-* Want a POOR car wash *-*-*-Danny's won't let you down on both of the above.
2	I have never been to a Danny's car wash and today for Mother's day I took my mom's van in to get cleaned for the first time. I was satisfied with the cleanliness of the vehicle. However, the automatic driver seat that moves forward and backward was damaged during the cleaning process by their employees. I approached the manager about the situation and he basically said it was me who damaged it. Also, that his employees purpose is to clean the vehicles not to damage it. I was shocked by his answer to me. Talking to me as if I were stupid. I will never go back or refer anyone to this location.
1	Never again. I came in for an oil change on Monday only because of guilt. I was overdue for one and Danny's was closest to my work on my way in. A basic car wash and the oil change took over an hour but I digress. The tech came out to tell me what I should get replaced and I caved on getting my radiator cap replaced because it is probably the original and I have issues with my radiator so I thought why not. $70 later I head out on my way. The next day I noticed fluid leaking from my car. No good. I took it back and the same tech worked on it, said that he didn't get the air bubbles out of the radiator fluid and took care of that. I appreciated his honesty but it shouldn't have happened in the first place. Day 3: I'm leaving work driving to an appointment and my air starts blowing warm. Hell no. My usual place was full so I am currently sitting in another shop having them diagnose the issue because I don't trust my car at Danny's.
2	Not sure how I feel about Danny's anymore.  I have had some positive and negative experiences at this location, but my experience today was pretty lame.  These guys need to know that the constant, almost harassing upselling is turning people off.  I have resorted to the Costco car wash for my last dozen or so car washes just because I didn't feel like getting haggled to death.  I don't know how these guys could work like that, I could never bug the living crap out of someone for an up sale, that is why I have always stayed clear of such professions, but to each their own.  You really need to watch these guys do the work you paid for.  This is the second time I have upgraded to an interior detail which was not completed.  The first time I had my truck and I upgraded to an interior detail only to get my truck back and the inside was just routinely cleaned in terms of a basic car wash.  There was no seat scrubbing or in depth interior detail that I had paid for.  So I talked to them about it and they agreed to scrub my seats, but I had to continue to wait.  Today I ordered a VIP car wash and I decided to upgrade to the leather seat detail because they haven't been cleaned in a while.  Same thing happened, I get my car back and the seats were not conditioned, so I had to bring it over to the detail section and continue to wait.  I know I am not alone in my logic here, but when you pay for a service, you should get that service.  You really need to watch these guys like a hawk and make sure you are getting what you paid for because from my experience, there is a 50/50 chance you will not.The wash quality itself is decent, but for whatever reason these guys will not clean out cup holders and I have no idea why.  I'll sometimes have straw rappers and other obvious pieces of trash in my cup holders and they will not discard.  I understand not wanting to throw away business cards, sticky notes etc but obvious pieces of trash such as wrappers should be discarded and the cup holders should be wiped out.  I don't know if I am going to go back to Danny's.  The constant harassing to upgrade and so-so service is not appealing anymore.
1	If you are getting a detail run away! They avoid giving price similar to when you buy a car. You can get a better job done for half the price.
1	Good basic car wash locationTERRIBLE DETAILING SERVICEDanny's provides a good basic car wash service. Exterior wash and interior vacuum and wipe for $12.99. Unfortunately their detailing services are terrible and a complete  ripoff. For $150.00 you get the same thing you get for a $12.99 wash. Danny's service personnel will discount the detailing service to $130 after you say NO the first time. Once you commit expect to get a phone call from the detailer trying to convince you that you need to spend an additional $80 for clay grit removal and polishing. After 2 hours your car will look the same as it did after you take it through the $12.99 basic wash. The big pieces will be clean but all the corners will be dirty. They will vacuum the big spots and your mats but the corners and areas under and around your seats will be left untouched. The exterior will be washed but all the corners, edges and all the areas you expect to be 'detailed' will be dirty. Your wheels will be clean on the large surface areas but all the edges and corners of the wheels will be dirty. Spend the $12.99 for a decent car wash bout don't get ripped-off spending an extra $100 for what they call detailing.
1	I'll start off by saying that I've been to Danny's several times before and they've done a (mostly) decent job washing my car, especially for the price. After my last experience I definitely will NOT be bringing my business to Danny's and DO NOT recommend you do either.After I left Danny's (on Highland) I noticed I had a big chunk of paint missing from my drivers-side rear bumper. It looks as though it scrapped up against something. The peel was fresh as all the paint had not peeled off. Admittedly, I had already waited almost 2 hours, after being told it would only be about 35 min for a wash and wax, so I was eager to leave and didn't give the car a full inspection before I left the property.I went back the next day to let the manager, Chris, know what had happened and he was very dismissive about my claim. This was after waiting almost 25 minutes for him to come to the front desk. According to him, all he knew was that I did it myself and was blaming it on them.... sure dude. I don't have proof that anything happened at Danny's but the fact that they weren't willing to investigate was very bothersome.Moral of the story we've called corporate and they were again very rude and dismissive. Did I mention they hung up on my wife? I don't expect Danny's to look into it and I don't want them to pay for my repair. Just want people to know this is how they treat their customers. Thanks Bye.
1	I'll start off by saying that I've been to Danny's several times before and they've done a (mostly) decent job washing my car, especially for the price. After my last experience I definitely will NOT be bringing my business to Danny's and DO NOT recommend you do either. After I left Danny's (on Highland) I noticed I had a big chunk of paint missing from my drivers-side rear bumper. It looks as though it scrapped up against something. The peel was fresh as all the paint had not peeled off. Admittedly, I had already waited almost 2 hours, after being told it would only be about 35 min for a wash and wax, so I was eager to leave and didn't give the car a full inspection before I left the property. I went back the next day to let the manager, Chris, know what had happened and he was very dismissive about my claim. This was after waiting almost 25 minutes for him to come to the front desk. According to him, all he knew was that I did it myself and was blaming it on them.... sure dude. I don't have proof that anything happened at Danny's but the fact that they weren't willing to investigate was very bothersome. Moral of the story we've called corporate and they were again very rude and dismissive. Did I mention they hung up on my wife? I don't expect Danny's to look into it and I don't want them to pay for my repair. Just want people to know this is how they treat their customers. Thanks Bye.
4	Overall I thought they did a pretty bang up job. I went on their website and was able to print out a $4 off coupon and basically got their high end wash for the price of the middle one. Navigating around this place can be a bit confusing...I couldn't tell where the entrance was and wound up looking like an idiot (not their fault).Overall, I would return to this location. I'm giving it 4 stars because they forgot to clean my rear view mirror, which had spots on it. I didn't notice until I drove away.
4	I've taken my car here half a dozen times for hand-washes, which normally run about $20.  They offer you a discount on gas if you buy a wash, but don't factor that in, because their gas prices are terrible to begin with.  That said, for $20, they do a very decent hand wash.  The attention to detail varies of course, depending on who is actually doing the work, and I don't recall ever seeing the same face twice, but over all, I can't complain, and a few minutes of touch-up myself once I get back home are all it takes to make things look as good as new.I had a chip in my windshield repaired here, and they did a fabulous job.  I can't even tell where the chip was anymore.The inside is spacious, cool, has snacks and drinks, and a small market is attached to the building near where you would wait for your car to finish being cleaned.  If you're coming here during lunch, I recommend you walk across the street while you're waiting and pick up a sandwich from Subway - it's super convenient.  They have little picnic tables to sit at while you wait for your car, and a hand-wash takes almost exactly the same amount of time as picking up and eating a 6" sub!
4	I'm gonna go on a limb here first start off by saying the other reviews, while opinion, are silly. IT'S A GAS STATION! Lower your expectations. Anyway, I don't like gas prices, but I'm clearly not going to hold that against Danny's. Haha. But, I did my oil changed twice which is a rate able service and both times they were acceptable. They didn't pull the hard upsell and tell me my car was going to explode if I didn't change every filter known to man kind. They merely made suggestions. I respect that. I took it and dropped it off, went to Golds to work out and walked over.  It was all done, oil change, car wash, done. Were there minor blemishes? Sure, but I just kindly asked them to give me a towel. If I had paid 100 for a detail, then I would be more judgmental. It's hard to give 5 stars. I'll let that get earned if they stay consistent. Good job Danny's.
2	The team at Danny's did a really mediocre job on my car wash (barely vacuumed and I noticed after I left that they missed standard things like my side view mirrors). The staff is also disengaged and unfriendly. I bought a groupon with three car washes so I have two left, but wouldn't return otherwise.
1	I've been to Danny's at this location (Northsight Road) many times with no issues.  I did have an issue at the Happy Valley location and will not visit that location again. Happy Valley location dinged my car and would not have the ding removed.  It was a pretty bit ding.  I paid $75 to have it removed. This time my issue is that my car sat for a little while before they started the hand wash, then sat another 20 minutes without anyone to detail it. When I asked to take my car, they started detailing it.  My car is black and have many water spots because they let it air dry without wiping off the water.  After being there a total of about 1 hour, I found out they lost my key.  It took them another 20 to 30 minutes to find my key.  I arrived at the car wash at 3:20 pm and didn't leave until 4:45pm.  The young boy detailing my car was moving at a snails pace, because clearly I had no where else I needed to be. I WILL NOT GIVE DANNY'S MY BUSINESS ANY LONGER.  I WILL NOT VISIT ANY OF THE DANNY'S LOCATIONS, NOR WILL I RECOMMEND THEM TO ANY OF MY FAMILY, FRIENDS, OR CO-WORKERS.   Considering I work in the area with many associates for our company, I will spread the word not to visit this location.
1	My car was scratched there today.  I asked for the manager and he was less then helpful.  I called the corporate office and was able to get the GM to call the store manager.  The GM is too busy today to check it out but he did tell me that the store manager told him that they didn't do it.  I feel that the scratches were caused by a person and not the equipment and I want them to pull the footage to see.  That shouldn't be too hard!  I will see what happens tomorrow.  The GM said he is going to investigate it.When I got there the ticket writer was a real piece of work.  He started off with the $4 up-sell to do my tires and I told him no, then he offered it for $2 and I still said no.  Then he told me how details are slow because of the storms and that he can give me a good deal.  The dude would't stop till I started walking away from him.  I got a real bad vibe from the guy.  I would't be surprised if the footage shows him scratching my car.I know this is a new scratch.  My car was looked at by a body shop 2 weeks ago because someone hit the rear tailgate in a parking lot and left.  The scratches go through the clear coat and paint all the way to the metal.  I will be more then happy to edit my review if Edward (GM) shows me the footage tomorrow when he looks at it and proves that the scratches were not caused there.UPDATE 7/24/2014 @ 4:58I just got off the phone with Edward.  I had to call their office to have him call me.  He blew smoke up my ass and told me that he looked into it extensively and that they did not damage my car.  I asked what he did and he said that he interviewed everyone involved in the matter.  I asked him if he looked at the footage and he said no!  How hard would that have been?  I said an employee would not admit to scratching a customer's car.  And I said how would he even know who the ticket writer was.  He told me he knows everyone there and they wouldn't lie to him and that he has no disgruntle employees.  I knew I was not getting anywhere with him so I said something about an INS raid and that was the end of our conversation.  For those of you that do not know they were raided not too long ago.  Here is a link that talks about it.  http://www.azcentral.com/story/news/local/phoenix/2014/07/24/dannys-car-wash-ice-agreement-abrk/13112765/  Needless to say I will never be going back there.
1	If there was an option for negative stars Danny's would be deserving of that rating. They suck, it's as simple as that. I took my car in for a basic wash. That's all I wanted, a BASIC wash. It took me 5 minutes and walking away from the sales rep saying "look wash my car for what I asked for stop trying to up sell my shit I don't want!" First rule of sales know when to STOP pushing. Today I had the same experience. I received a gift card for a detail of $169. I received a call within minutes of dropping it off trying to again up sell me. Again ending in "look all I want is what's already paid for you are interrupting me at work!" Then I pick up my car and half what was paid for wasn't even done! This is the SECOND detail by Danny's where my car didn't actually get detailed. A wash and some armor all IS NOT a detail! Stop the hard sell and do what people pay you for. This company should be out of business....oh WAIT what's that? You already ARE! Hmmm now I wonder why?
3	Same treatment every time. Never had a bad experience here yet, and they aren't too pushy on the upsell. #i come back
5	I came in for an oil change on my 2000 Mercedes S430 with 230,000 miles. They provided me with fast professional service and recognized a problem I didn't notice and were able to sell me the part at cost. They were friendly and I would recommend them to everyone! Never had bad service or a bad experience! Anthony is the man! Also, at Danny's with an oil change you get a free basic car wash.
1	I don't recommend this place because they have the worst customer service I've ever seen. I went in for a car tinting and I was told it was going to take 1 hour 1/2 so we waited and my car was just sitting for entire hour without anyone working on it. When I approached Tyler the manager  said they were working on another car, so I kept waiting and still my car was just sitting there. I finally asked another manager and they found out they couldn't find the tint film in the area. I wasn't informed they didn't have the film in the beginning so they just had me waiting all this time for nothing. I cancelled everything and left. First they said I wasn't going to get a refund because they don't refund money but after they saw me mad, the entire transaction was  refunded.Stay away from this place, what a waste of time and they were such a headache!!!
1	I come here because it's convenient, but this place is the worst. You try to get a simple oil change and are constantly dealing with shady fast talkers who are trying to up sell you on seat shampoos and various other detailing services your car "needs" that "for this weekend only they can take off 40%"...but every time I come here it's the same story!  Unfortunately it's right next to my house so I will probably continue to subject myself to their ethically questionable business practices...but not without writing a crappy Yelp review first!!!
3	Slow slow slow. Spend some money and hire some more guys to clean the cars. They do a good job, but avoid this place unless you have at least 30 minutes to spare.
1	I've been using dannys since I moved here in 1999, I can honestly say after the last 2 times I have been there I will no longer use them. My car did not look like it had been cleaned inside short of a quick pass with the vacuum,  the car sat out in the sun and was covered in water spots which I brought to someone's attention and was assured they would be wiped down again, they weren't.  Management could really care less about quality of service then cranking out cars. If you do need to go here just pay for the cheapest wash and then just expect substandard results
1	Danny's Car Wash is the worst car wash in the city. The only reason I ever go there is convenience and if I really cannot go elsewhere. I had the worst car wash ever today and it doesn't even look like they touched the interior of my car. I have no idea how they are still in business after their horrible customer service, horrible reviews and terrible job they do for everyone. I will never go back.  I'm only giving them one star because I can't post my review with zero stars!
2	If you need a superficial cleaning, then it's ok. If you're like me and can see minor details, then I'd recommend not coming to this place.Just as they finished, I sat on my car to realize they hadn't vacuumed the driver's mat. They took it off and put it back on the passenger's side without vacuuming it! I had to go ask for it. Remember: They were done!Ah, having a white car, I notices multiple spots where the wash hadn't removed all dirt. Well, the "detail" guys didn't bother looking at them either. And they were just in he mirror, hood and door.... in plain sight. Those were small but still visible...I've been to cheaper places that did a much better job. Plus, they will want to fix your windshield, clean your carpets... you know, the whole 9 yards.
1	STOLEN WATCHMy wife's $400 Michael Kors watch was stolen out of her car here when she was getting it detailed. The car fully in their possession for a good 2 hours. The watch was in the glove compartment when it was dropped off and my wife noticed it missing on her way home from the wash. She did not stop anywhere else, no where else it could have been taken.They have signs that say " not responsible for stolen items" but this does not eliminate their legal liability when they take possession of the car and keys. Do not give this place your business, the employees are not trustworthy and they do not have adequate surveillance over the vehicles and workers. Update: I have filed a complaint with the corporate office and have been told I will be contacted by their general manager. I will continue to update this review.
2	Slow service. The business is empty at this time with only two other clients waiting for their card but each sits unattended. The division of work slows down the progress.
1	Hard to believe it could get any worse? But under the new ownership there is not enough help so I waited 30 minutes and it was dead.
1	This place is getting progressively worse!  Just left after a 55 minute wait to get a works wash.  The last time I was there it was 35-40 minutes and they did an absolutely awful job.  The best part about today's experience was my call to the "manager" after I left, who told me that he would take my name and have the manager call me....what??  Like he is going to tell the real manager that he wasn't supervising the crew and making sure the car was was running efficiently.....not holding my breath waiting for a call!!!  Need to find a new car wash!!!
1	After having issues in the past at this location I decided to give it another try as I was visiting for the holidays. I pulled in, was greeted and they filled my tank up. I asked for "the works" wash and my ticket was written up. I knew the approximate price of the gas I needed and the price of the wash so I didn't think twice when I was rung up inside. After I paid I looked at my receipt and I had a surcharge for a large vehicle. I drive a  small vw sedan. I couldn't believe they tried to sneak the surcharge past me. I walked in and requested they refund me. They gal at the check-out said my ticket had been written with a surcharge.. Yeah the guy who filled the gas tank of my small sedan thought I wouldn't notice a surcharge. I won't be going back here, I will take my absurdly large Jetta to one of the many other car washes in Scottsdale.
1	One star is one too many. I have never dealt with such pushy, RUDE, manipulative people. They literally, I kid you not, will deny you service if you don't upgrade to their bullcrap detail package. Their manager doesn't give a rats as$ either. Worst service I have ever received from a business. Just go to cobblestone down the street, wayyyy better.
