5	High Quality Service, I believe is the best.  David Biever, The owner of the company is honest, reliable, on time and most importantly GETS THE JOB DONE.  Old school methods that we don't see anymore here in Vegas.  He is now branching out on his own.  Call his company you will not be disappointed.
5	As good as it gets......yes! Although Dave didn't come to our home to repair our clogged dishwasher because he "over the phoned" the troubleshoot.  The problem was solved.  Its good to know of a reliable/reasonable ($65 service call charge)  service such as HQ Service is out there for me to call.  Stellar and RECOMMEND!
5	It feels like a dream: your washing machine stops working so you find a company in Yelp that looks promising.  You call the number and THE GUY THAT ANSWERS THE PHONE IS THE OWNER OF THE COMPANY AND HE DOES ALL THE REPAIRS PERSONALLY.  He shows up 2 hours later, walks you through everything as he's doing it, fixes 3 issues in 45 minutes, makes sure everything is working properly, gives a 30 day warranty, and charges $65 bucks!  THAT JUST HAPPENED.  Dave was fantastic: knowledgeable, helpful, fast, and reasonably priced.  He takes pride in his work and it shows.  If there were 6 star ratings I'd give him a 7.
5	I called after a terrible experience with another company.  He came right over and unfortunately had to order my part,but he said he would have it in three days and would give me a call as soon as he gets it. He is even willing to work around my work schedule so I don't have to miss anymore work.  He also was less then the other company. Thanks again and I can't wait to not have to wash dishes.
5	Dave Biever is a competent, friendly guy. I called him and set up an appointment to fix my dryer. He diagnosed as best he could over the phone, and He asked me to look up the model number (and told me where it was) so he could be sure to bring a wide range of parts for my particular model - WOW! - you will note how many Yelp complaints on other appliance repairmen include them not having the part.He arrived on time, politely took off his shoes and got to work. He gave an exact estimate of the repair costs and explained my options to fix or get a new dryer. He not only fixed the dryer, he cleaned it and did a preventive maintenance on it, all for a fair price.He says he fixes much more than dryers. I am keeping Dave in my contacts list to call if anything else breaks.
5	I emailed and called several places on a Sunday night and 10 minutes later I get an email from Dave the owner. The next day he was there to look at our dryer and all it needed was a bit of TLC and good as new. While Dave was there he looked at the washer and gave great instructions on using it. Then charged way less than quoted. Dave you're the best!
