5	Dr. Ozaki is the best dentist ever, I live in CA now and I still go and get my work done from him.  He is honest in what kind work needs to be done, and what needs to be waited on.  He has a very kind and compassionate personality that sets you at ease with whatever needs to be done.  The staff at the desk is great, and so are the hygienists.  I have given him many referrals and all have felt the same.5 stars for Dr. O, he is the best of the best!
5	Excellent Dentist. Very warm and soothing environment. Yes, I'm still talking about a dentist. He doesn't BS you. Very quick and thorough. I would/will recommend him to anyone, whether you like the dentist or not. And whether or not you have a primary dentist. Dr. Ozaki is the best.
5	I found Dr. Ozaki because I was having very bad toothaches. I was able to setup an appointment fast and easy. No wait time when I got there. He fixed the tooth that was hurting me fast. I couldn't ask for more
5	Best Dentist I have been to in my adult life. Dr Ozaki was referred to me by a friend after I visited another Dentist in Las Vegas who quoted me $7000 to remove 1 year old crowns and replace them.  Thankfully I sought a second opinion from Dr Ozaki. He prescribed a  mouth rinse that cleared up my problem at a cost of $12.00.His staff is very friendly, I never have to wait more than 5-10 min and I completely trust Dr Ozaki with all my dental needs. Truly a great experience.
4	Just left this office and I've never been so impressed by a dental visit before!New patient paperwork was minimal, wait time was barely enough to read 2 pages of my book, and I was introduced to Anita- the cheerful, friendly, and professional dental assistant with who I would spend the majority of my visit. Anita was downright bubbly and made an effort to get to know me as a person while also maintaining professionalism, explaining every procedure she was going to do, and giving additional dental info tidbits to help keep my teeth as healthy and attractive as possible. Dr. Ozaki was also super professional and made sure to go over my concerns before moving on, making it very clear that he could always be reached in the event of an emergency. Anita mentioned she has worked for Dr. Ozaki for decades, which I think speaks volumes about their level of professionalism and patient care.Ultimately spent just over an hour here including xrays, cleaning, and scheduling additional work for a chipped tooth. Front desk staff were super helpful at answering some questions about my dental insurance coverage and went out of their way to look up pricing to replace a retainer. Super impressed with the staff here, and that's what will keep me coming back.
