4	The food there is surprisingly good, considering the dining room is completely empty every time I stop by, but there's always people in the bar area.  That's Vegas..  The pizzas and the salads were wonderful.
4	Stopped by this place on a saturfay night at about 6 PM thinking it would be full of people getting early drinks and maybe some eats before heading out. I was completely wrong.  We walked in to nobody in the main dining area and 3 people in the bar. We decided to join those in the bar and i have to say, it was a pleasant surprise the bar tender came over and made us some awesome drinks. We then ordered The BBQ Chicken Pizza since well.... You can't mess up pizza. Not only was this pizza not messed up, it was Amazing... When the bill came from the very nice waitress we paid it and then asked the bartender if we could square up with him as well and he said the drinks are on the house.. Now i dont know about you but anytime i go to a Bar and the last words I hear before I leave are, " ITS ON THE HOUSE". I think I found a winner.
2	Stopped by here for a quick drink before seeing a movie last Saturday night. It was a sad and disappointing place. Small, dark, and only two other people in there. Did I mention this was a Saturday night?! It would be a fine place for a group of dudes to stop in to pound a few drinks before hitting the Strip but other than that no thanks.
3	Great drink prices and nice staff in the bar, but sooooo smoky that I could only stay for one drink.
1	I went here to have a drink and some lunch on the wednesday before Christmas. An older couple and myself were the only patrons. I waited five minutes for the bartender to take my drink order, another 10 minutes to get a menu, and I left when after another 15 minutes my order still hadn't been taken. The bartender was too busy talking to someone at the end of the bar that appeared to be a co worker or the manager to notice anything else. She didn't even notice when I left. I didn't tip and I won't go back.
2	Food was overpriced for its quality. When you proclaim that you are a premier BBQ restaurant you should deliver. The brisket was fatty and disappointing. 6 small strips for $18 and the flavor of liquid smoke is all I could taste. Very disappointing.
