5	Swake is my go-to concierge for all the best Vegas promoters! From Lavo's crazy Party Brunch to splashing around at Daylight Beach Club to VIP table service at Marquee Nightclub, if you're looking to have fun in Vegas, those are just a few of the venues to checkout, and Swake has got you covered.  They're professional, reliable, and I've never had to wait in one of those ridiculously long lines whenever I went through them.I highly suggest booking shows  through them as well.  They got me into Rose. Rabbit. Lie the new nightclub in Vegas for FREE with drinks and a show before the club!
5	Best concierge service I've used in Vegas.  Normally I use several promoters throughout my stay and it doesn't always work well since some promoters don't last at the same club for long and some aren't reliable or never meet up with me in person.  With Swake I contact one person and they do the rest!  Every club like Hakkasan or pool party like Encore Beach Club in the summer I want to go to they set me up with a manager or head host that'll be there that day so I'm not stressing about if they're going to come through or not.  Last month I used their service for hotel discounts and was pleasantly surprised they were cheaper than the major sites.  I just finished Magic week here and am so happy I didn't have to stress about these things.  Thanks!
5	Swake is absolutely the go-to company for your Vegas needs. Haven't been to Vegas in a minute and didn't want to, but I got in touch with Swake and they got us some good deals at Hakkasan! Zabrinna (thank you) actually hooked us up and made sure we had everything we need and wanted, she also let us know first hand if she could or couldn't! Very sincere, helpful and genuine. Definitely going back! Next week too hahahahaha!  Calvin Harris and Tiesto here we come! Highly recommend them for your party starters!
5	If you go to Vegas, you NEED to call up Swake Las Vegas, it's absolutely FREE! I just told them who I wanted to see that weekend & they handled the rest. No stressing about what to do in Vegas. I have multiple promoters numbers to different clubs, but some of them are not reliable or RUDE! I mean, you're suppose to be on a mini vacation right? So why stress out about little things like this, when you have Swake do all the work for you. (: All their staffs are friendly & so easy to talk to. Anyways, I met up with Zabrinna the Manager of Swake, she's so bubbly & made me feel like we were friends for years! She walked my friends & i into Surrender to see Diplo for FREE! We didnt have to wait in that ridiculous line. Even my guy friends was given free entrance, how awesome is that?! We were also  given free drink tickets. And by the end of the night I was on stage dancing with diplo! Swake made this all happen, i had such an amazing night!! They also suggested a bunch of places to eat/do/see for the rest of my stay in Vegas. I can't wait for my next visit to Vegas, just so Swake can plan my next trip there! I'm EXCITEDDDDDDDD =D
5	Best promoter in Vegas. We got in to marquee within 5  minutes! With 8 guys! I'm pretty sure that is close to impossible. Our contact was amazing  and she definitely took care of us. Getting us organized and in without a hitch. This made my Vegas trip. I wouldn't choose any other promoter. And will defiantly use them again for my big bday bash!
5	Swake is awesome! Every time any of my girlfriends or guy friends go to Vegas we use Swake. They handle every thing for us and makes it so simple for us to get in anywhere regardless if you are a guy or a girl. Swake is such a reliable company and can assist you with any clubs you want. The people who work for swake are not only nice but very alert of your needs, which is great for any Vegas trip!
5	Definetly recommend swake if your coming to vegas. Honestly its a big weigh of your shoulders with no headaches.  They do all your planning, make sure everything goes as more than perfect the way you imagine vegas to be. They have the friendliest, knowledgeable, professional and outgoing staff. So glad I found them will be contacting them for my next vegas trip. Thanks so much guys!
5	Ahh swake.. What can I say? Best in the business by far! A definite go to of mine should I need of their concierge services around Vegas' top clubs! The staff is very professional and knowledgeable of the nightlife scene and will ensure that you and your group will have a great time, leaving the stresses of party planning behind! Leave it to these folks to organize your Vegas nightlife needs and you will have the time of your life!
5	Zabrinna hooked us up with the Marquee Nightclub on a Saturday night. We didn't wait in line and we got free entry. Swake is really professional and gets the job done right. I totally recommend using them every trip you take to Vegas! Thank you, Swake!
5	Swake has made all of my Vegas trips AMAZING! They are always quick to respond and have helped me get into every nightclub, dayclub, etc. without waiting in any lines! There are so many places to go in Vegas and they always let me know what is going on and advise on where will be most fun. I contact them as soon as I land and they help me figure out plans for my entire stay. I suggest you do the same! Swake never fails to deliver!
5	Swake is the best concierge to provide you and your party a great weekend (in any weekend for that matter) to the sickest clubs in Vegas!  For sure, they are the go-to people to make your Vegas trip a TRUE VEGAS TRIP!Professional, unbeatable, reliable, and excellent service!  You'll never go wrong with Swake.  The next time you go to Vegas, they're the concierge service to call. Thank you for the best Vegas weekend!  WOP WOP!!!
5	Swake LV made our Vegas trip unforgettable! I highly recommend them if you're going to Vegas and really want to have the best Vegas experience ever!
5	Swake LV is the real deal. They will make your Vegas experience one that you will never forget (or remember, lol) Highly recommend them!
5	Awesome selection, great help and when the balloons were delivered the next day they looked amazing. Right on time and friendly. BEST STORE IN THE CITY!!!
