4	Castello Coffee is new, fresh, rather smart and run by very friendly folks. They're now producing both the soup and sandwiches in house. I'd urge you to pay it a visit soon.Overall, we said: "Castello Coffee is beginning its journey from a really strong starting point. Their coffee is very good, as is their soup. As I settled up my bill, discussions turned to what tomorrow's soup would be. The suggestion of mushroom and mint had me passing on some suggestions, as I have a really good mushroom soup recipe that's derived (pinched) from a soup I was served in the King's Wark, many years ago. Few things make me happier than soup chat, so this had me whistling a happy tune as I headed back to my ivory basement."
4	Lovely little cafe. We stopped off here for a quick latte. Doesnt look too fancy when you walk in, but it had a little seating area out front which proved popular. Service was excellent and our drinks were hot and tasty.  Newspapers were avaliable to read and atmosphere is very relaxed. Defintaley better than your chain coffee shop :)
5	friendly service, lunch options of soups, sandwiches, baguettes, snacks and great coffee.castello use the fabulous allpress espresso, a new zealand outfit that also trades out of london and sydney. they buy direct from small estates and co-ops so the actual beans change regularly and are seasonal. castello's baristas will always give you a lovely coffee, and you get variety - perfect.it's also excellently placed to grab a coffee and picnic and then pop across the road to the princes street gardens under the looming edinburgh castle.
4	I've just moved office and as luck would have it I'm in Castello's hinterland. I've come here three times now in the past week and it's all about the coffee for me, which - need I say it? - is delicious! Definitely a top-tier Edinburgh cup. Another major strong point is their soup, which is served in interesting flavours and generous portions and is great value for what you get.Service is very good: courteous, and enthusiastic. Setting is ok. It strikes me as mainly a take-out place due to limited seating, but don't get me wrong it's perfectly pleasant, and if weather permits there is outdoor seating with a magnificent view of the Caste.What I love about this place is that its stretch of Castle Street is drowning in food chains - Costa, Starbucks, Pret and TGI Fridays are all a stone's throw away - but in my opinion Castello is by far the best cup of coffee.
4	I love coming here as it feels like a wee secret corner in the heart of the city.  I usually opt for my "weapon of choice" - a Flat White to get me through whatever i'm going to tackle next.I normally don't buy anything to eat as it's usually a quick coffee stop, but i will have to try their home made cakes next time and it to be a longer stay too!
4	Lovely wee place with friendly knowledgeable staff. Much nicer than the big chains. Lovely selection of coffee which changes regularly. My go-to coffee place on that side of town.
5	I've been 3 times to Castello coffee. It has to be one of my first thoughts when recommending coffee to Italian visitors of ours. The coffee is excellent as is the service and the price is pretty good too!
4	Excellent coffee and service. The cafe is a small one with 3 tables so best as a take away place. We had two flat whites to go and they were very well done. The cafe also sells their own beans
5	Great little place with excellent coffee and so much more personality than the boring Costa 2 doors up the street
5	Popped in for a caffeine fix and I wasn't disappointed.. They use Allpress Coffee which is a NZ company (woohoo), the beans are roasted in London and sent up. Their tea comes from a Welsh outfit call Waterloo Tea and offer some interesting options.. I had a ginger & lime rooibos but was also tempted by the blood orange pu erh.Also tried the coconut bread which was a hearty slice served toasted with a side of butter, the carrot cake looked moist, full of carrot and I'm assured was very tasty.The two guys in the shop were laid back and friendly, offering a bit of chat without being intrusive. The sandwiches and bagels looked tasty and I look forward to heading back and trying out the soups.So much better to support local than go to the big chains up the road and I can assure you the coffee is a hundred times better!
4	As an Aussie, I love a flat white!These lads have taken a page out of our Southern Hemisphere book and sourced their coffee from Allpress Espresso, a company founded in New Zealand who are now roasting in London. How lovely to have a wee sip of antipodean coffee bliss in the UK. Cute little place, the food does look nice but as of yet I can only vouch for the coffees. This is my local coffee joint and I'm darn skippedly pleased about it!
3	We got flat whites (as you would've come to expect if you've read my other reviews!) and despite Castello using the famous Allpress blend which I adore at Allpress London, the coffees sadly missed the boat for me. I had high expectations when I saw other reviews and the Castello decor (similar to other good coffee independents!) so maybe that's why I feel a bit disappointed - the espresso was slightly bitter and it felt like too much milk...Didn't try the peanut butter slices but they seem worth a go on another day.
5	Best coffee in Edinburgh, hands down. The food is good too -- all of it, from the breakfast pastries to the panini to the cakes. It really doesn't get any better.The owner isn't too hard on the eyes, either. ;)
4	Castello is a 'must stop' when I go to the centre of town.  Nice coffee, good food, cool staff.  Only downside is that it's a bit small, but you can sit outside in the warmer days of the year.
