4	WALGREENS PHARMACY DEPT.I was at the location to fill a prescription. First time was a breeze. I called my prescriptions in for a refill and attempted to pick them up few days later, I ran into problems. The pharmacy-assistants kept informing me to come back because they were having some problems with my worker's comp insurance. The 3rd time I went back to the pharmacy, I spoke to a different person. She also ran into the same problem with my worker's comp insurance but was very patient and thorough that she was able to resolve what the other assistants were not able to do. After a month of going back and forth, I was finally able to fill my prescriptions and went home a happy camper! THANK YOU Ms. SOSHEE!!!
1	I came in early enough to drop off my medication at the Walgreens pharmacy they told me it would be 20 minutes to get the refill so I waited I waited I waited and I never heard my name be called so all of a sudden it was 6:05 p.m. The entire pharmacy was closed I went up to the front and I spoke to the supervisor there I forgot her name she has long curly hair she wears glasses for haiair color is blondish brown she's Hispanic and I told her to call back there and get someone because my prescriptions are there she did not want to call back to refuse to help me and then I had to keep asking her to please call back after I need my prescriptions pharmacist came up to the front he was able to give me my prescriptions ring me up and I was on my way so I had to call back the next day and report her to her manager and that was a waste of my time because she should have known that she could have helped me by simply just calling the pharmacist like I had to keep asking her to do I would not suggest the store to anyone
3	Has everything you could need, helpful staff, big parking lot.
2	Torn between two and three stars: one of the less efficient Walgreens.Pharmacy staff is generally on it, and my 'scripts are ready when quoted, but they don't always take the initiative to actually help you when you're waiting right in front of the cashier (or in the drive thru) without being prompted.For a pharmacy, I expected to find more than one option when looking for B1 vitamins, and the fact that the majority of their multis start at the $18 price range was ridiculous- this isn't the Vitamin Shoppe or GNC.This location does have a Redbox on the east side of the building exterior.
