5	go here for all your off-road cycle supply items, this is a small ma & pa shop and the owner sam is a super cool guy.
5	I've been in Las Vegas with my Suzuki GS500F as the only mode of transportation. Just took it to Sams to have it serviced. The staff, and Sam himself, were very friendly.The shop carries mostly off-road cycle supplies, and some conventional bicycle supplies as well (for younger children), but they can service street bikes even.
5	Just had a great experience at Sams today. Went to get a front tire put on my Honda Rebel. Not only did they have the best price of anyone I called, but they were able to immediately get my bike in the back and start working on it. Instead of just putting in a new innertube, they actually saved me some money by using my old one. It was still in good condition. That was cool. Also, they adjusted my chain for free (and lubed it), and also helped me put on a new set of mirrors. This kind of service is hard to always find. Just a great time. This is a good business and I would recommend it to anyone.
5	This is *THE* place to go for service.I love any place where I'm on a first name basis with the owner. sam is wicked awesome. he's the home town biker hero!!!  Also he has a ton of dirt bike merch and once he gave me a free bikini!They even do movie nights outside once a week. So awesome!
5	Whatever I need, whenever I need it.... The staff at SAMs is the best!!
5	If you're anywhere near Las Vegas and in need of motorcycle anything, GO HERE. These guys are the best. Period.This is my story:I recently rode my motorcycle from LA to Vegas to visit my mom, and on the way my right mirror/front brake handle assembly came loose as a result of the insane desert winds, thus making the 2nd half of my ride very dangerous. When I arrived I found that the top screw of this assembly had fallen out. Shit. Where the hell am I gonna find the right size replacement in VegasI yelped motorcycle repair places and Sam's had good reviews so I give it a shot on the Sunday afternoon of my visit. The wiry/scruffy/friendly gentleman who works there helped me right away, and after a minimal amount of searching had the exact Allen screw that I needed. He then lent me the proper tool and walked me through remounting the assembly. In the course of examining the handlebars he points out that the real reason the assembly came loose is that the bars aren't perfectly round where it was tightened down, and needs to be repositioned to a part of the bars that are perfectly round, which means moving it in an inch. He suggests cutting the bars so everything lines up better, which was something I'd wanted to do since buying the bike because they're way too wide for me, but figured it was a massive expense.  "How much?" I ask.  "About $40" he answers. That's it?  Ok.  He then apologizes that it can't be done today because they're short staffed on Sundays, but says that if I come back right when they open the next day (9am), he'll come in early and take care of it.  Excellent, i think, because I need to get back to LA ASAP the next day as I have an audition in the afternoon. We shake on it.  Inside the shop he explains the situation to a man I take to be his boss, who laughs at the idea of the wiry gentleman coming in early. He responds by offering to buy breakfast if he's late.I arrive at 9am the next day and the wiry gentleman is... late.  His boss greets me and I jokingly tell him to order me an egg McMuffin.  He's texting his tardy employee when the man walks in through the back door.  I bring the bike around back and he goes to work.  A few minutes in I remember that my throttle is a little wobbly, and tell him so.  He says it needs a new throttle tube and goes on another search for the correct part.  The shop doesn't have one, but his dad does.  Conveniently his dad lives 5 minutes away.  He hops on a scooter and returns 15 min. later with a $10 throttle tube that is an exact match.  By 10:45 the job is totally done.  I go in to pay and the boss man charges me for a 1/2 hour of labor: $35.  Plus $10 in cash to the guy's dad for the tube. $45 total???? THAT"S IT????  They coulda charged me $200 and I'd've never known the difference.  But they didn't cause they're a stand up place.  And when all was said and done the boss man asks me if I still wanted my egg McMuffin.  I feel like they probably didn't believe me when I declined on account of needing to get back to LA ASAP, but that really was the truth.  I woulda loved to have stuck around and eaten Mickey Ds with those dudes and shot the shit, seriously. Cool guys AND honest mechanics. GO HERE, ALWAYS.
5	After searching the dealers in town AND the internets for KX250F carb parts, I couldn't find anything. Not only were the local dealers out of stock or not even available on every part I needed, they were waaay overpriced if they ordered it. Not having been to Sam's before, I stopped in to press my luck. I told the guy behind the counter what I needed, he disappeared into the back and was back in 2 seconds with EXACTLY the parts I needed, all in one OEM bag for $20. Not individual parts totaling over $100 like the dealer. Not "we have to order it" or "thats not available", right there on the counter. Went riding the next day and was back later that week for suspension parts, he had those in stock also at fair prices, along with some free advice which can often be worth more than the parts. (I wonder if they can even find the part number for free advice at the dealer...)  He shook my hand, introduced himself as Sam remembering me from before, and said come back for anything else I need. I'll be making the drive across town to see Sam first for anything I need. The focus in this shop is on dirt bike/atv stuff, but sometimes that focus really pays off.
1	I have been buying everything from oils, filters, clothing and billet accessories from Sam for about six years, I started when his shop was located next to ride now on Rancho him and his crew have always taken care of me but this review is based on the phone call I made on Wednesday for a quote to get my renthal sprockets, chain and Bridgestone tires installed and immediately I was asked if I bought the parts from him and I explained that they were purchased from renthal and the tires were a gift he then tells me he's not going to waste labor on parts not purchased directly from him, I said Sam I've been a loyal customer and I've referred a countless amount of people to you through out the years, his reply was next time buy your parts from me and hung up on me!! It's now Saturday and I'm still like wtf was this guys problem.
5	I crashed my 1988 Honda Hawk and did not know where to take it. I am a new rider and I did't want to go somewhere and get the run-a-round, so as is my usual, I turned to Yelp for help.I have to say Sams deserves all the hype and more. Everyone there is really nice, knowledgeable, and not judgmental.Sam is seriously the coolest motorcycle repair shop owner ever. He could be all cocky with all of his experience, but he is just the opposite. He is super humble, polite, and just all around awesome.These guys took care of me and didn't rip me off.Thanks for all the help Sam!
5	Sam's has wonderful customer service, they had the tire done in 10 minutes for $35, and not a scratch on the rim. Besides tires, they do many other things, and they have good prices on their accessories. Sam's Cycle Supply will definitely get my business when I replace the back tire in a month.
5	Just left Sam's as a new rider...he took time to fit me in a helmet that fit perfectly and when he found out I was in the service offered me a discount for serving our country.  Thanks Sam and thanks for the appreciation!  I would send family here...
4	Friendly, clean store, not much in the way of selection, and as expected for a small brick and mortar store, high retail prices.  If it wasn't so far from home I'd be back.No service experience, can't comment on that.
1	Went in to have my fork repaired and because I wanted to make sure it was rebuilt to match my other fork,  they refused to help me.  When I asked why,  the old man just said "sorry we can't help you." Yeah,  I worry about things being done right... mostly from being an aircraft mechanic in the AF, and I think that bothered the crap out of them.  Big slap in the face for someone who just came back to the states.  I do a lot of track riding and have ridden for quite sometime and never dealt with this kind of BS! Might as well have told me to go sit in the back of the bus!
