4	Lovely spot on St Paul in Old Montreal.  Perfect for client entertainment.  The food is very good.  The atmosphere is elegant.  Wine list is spot-on and the wait-staff, while a bit slow are nevertheless courteous and do a fine job overall.  I work down the street and I won't be a regular, but it's nice to have in the neighbourhood.  And if you're a tourist in Old Montreal...and you're confused...go here.  You won't be disappointed.
4	Great dinner and desert! Very expensive if you add wine!!
1	The ambiance is certainly upscale but the food is insulting for the price! We went there for lunch and it was a $25 prix fixe menu. It was HORRIBLE!!! What a joke!The appetizer was either a salad or a soup. The soup was gritty and tasted awful. The bread was also unbearable to eat. Next, the main dish was a rose penne. It tasted like kids food! It was also undercooked and way too chewy. After a few bites, I gave up on it and hoped dessert would be better!Well.. there WAS NO DESSERT!! I was too annoyed to even ask why there was no dessert as on the prix fixe menu it said dessert was included.For 1 glass of wine (tasted like vinegar) and 2 prix fixe meals plus taxes and tip, we were out $90. Yes, almost $100 for lunch for 2.Luckily, I found a nice sandwich place down the street (VERITAS CAFE MONTREAL) and had a wonderful sandwich and salad.RIP OFF!!! Oh, and good luck finding parking under $20.
2	We went here for Christmas dinner. Before anyone says anything, I know. People who go out for Christmas must be hated by their families, right? Well, it may just be the other way around, first off. Anyhow....my husband and I understand it's Christmas and most people don't want to be working on that day. We get it. However, when we walked up to the host and said, "We have reservations for 5:30," and he said, "Tonight? Oh, we don't have anything available," when we were the ONLY people there, didn't start off well at all. When I reiterated, "We have reservations...McCormack at 5:30. On Open Table...." he was like, "Oh! Well, we aren't ready. Please sit at the bar first. Have something on me." Huh. Okay.So we sat at the bar. The bartender was definitely frazzled...looked like she was still cleaning up from the brunch shift. Okay. No problem. I asked if she could make an extra dirty martini. She looked at me and said, "I'll have to go downstairs for olive juice." Um...okay? Again, I realize it's Christmas, so I say, "No. I don't want to bother you. I'll just take a whiskey on the rocks. What do you have?" She named several I'd never heard of but offered the bottle of one to sniff. Okay. We'll take two. Ridiculously smooth...Dullamore? (Not Tullamore...we know that one.) Anyhow...it was nice and then two other groups got seated while we still sat at the bar waiting. Huh. Well, I know it's a slower pace here so we were patient and finished our whiskey and then a different host sat us. Dinner tonight was a $50 prix fixe. Seemed decent to us. We selected appetizers and dinners. I had the foie gras...something I had heard Montreal was well known for. Ugh. It tasted like strong liverwurst. That was my fault. I should never have ordered it not sure if I'd like it. My husband had a salmon appetizer that he said was "fishy and chewy". Neither of us finished our appetizers, but again...probably our fault.Salads came out...they were tiny little piles of grassy leaves with one slice of an orange, four cranberries, and a dollop of vinegar. Meh.My husband had boeuf bourguignon..but with medallions of beef as well as pork...quite good. However, the beef had several, rather tough, chewy portions...sinewy...something one wouldn't expect from a restaurant like this. I had a risotto that was more like a bouillabaisse. It was good, but definitely needed some salt. Dessert was a molten chocolate cake...that came out like two little bear turds....no lie. And they tasted about as wonderful (or at least I think bear turds probably taste like this). They were flavorless, unsweetened globs of chocolate that I took one bite of and left. I NEVER leave chocolate. EVER. Okay....ALL of this could be tolerated because it was Christmas...no one wants to work on Christmas. I get it. The death knell came when I asked the waitress for our check. She asked, "All on one?" -____- Are you kidding me? We are a couple out for dinner on Christmas. Do you think this is a blind date?? Do you think that, because I'm older than my husband, we're going Dutch??? I became severely annoyed at this...but my husband said the girl was young, she doesn't know. We look at the bill. Our whiskeys "on me" (the host) were on our bill at $15 each. Really?? Okay. I calm down. I get it. Probably not your best servers on tonight. We pay and go to get our coats from the coat check. No one has time to look at us. (Mind you, the restaurant still has several open tables...) I counted to thirty with a $2 tip and my coat check ticket in my hand. I then put my scarf and gloves on and went to the coat rack and retrieved our coats myself. We walked out with no one batting an eye. Honestly? The food was okay. Not worth the $50, though. I enjoyed my entire night, even with the lackluster food, until the unwitting comment from the young server. I'm sorry, but for the price and snootiness of the place, they need to train their help better. I'd skip this and try one of the many, MANY other places right around the area for dinner. Just a few blocks up is  McDonald's open 24 hours...that might be a better choice.
