3	The review above reads like it was written by the shop owner. Stagecoach is good, but expensive. The hours are IMO less than optimal. Parking is problematic, more so since the Orange and its kin moved into the neighborhood. They have quality products and are professionally competent, but experiences with their service have been mixed.
4	Yep. David B. Once again the wise sage atop Mount Yelp. I called another locksmith who never returned my call. I called Stagecoach and they said they could help me tomorrow. That's cool. I had a safe in my office and the batteries died and I was unable to open the safe. But you have to open the safe to put in new batteries. Suckky I know! Stagecoach called back and said they can be here in an hour. YEE HAW! Stagecoach to the rescue. I expected a horse and buggy with a rugged Michael Landon (post bed wetting problem, pre Little House on the Prairie...c'mon he was a hottie!) to pull into my parking lot and save the day. Well. That didn't happen. On accounta he's dead. But it was a man named Dean. Lean, mean Dean! No. Not mean at all. He fixed my safe. Installed new batteries at no charge. Yep. Free. Last time I got free batteries was at Castle Boutique when I bought a...oh...wait...my mom reads these reviews. Anyhoo. You got key issues. Lock is jammed. Or your office safe is on the fritz. Get out your ole rotary phone and give Stagecoach a holler!
5	raymond at stagecoach was awsome i brought 7 commercial locks in and they had them done in an hour and 1/2.its great to have people that will try to help when there are busy thanks guys...
5	Very pleased with these guys!  Locked ourselves out of the house & gave them a call.  They are just down the street so they arrived within 5 minutes of the call. He had us back in our house in no time.  The locksmith that helped us out was very polite and knowledgeable.  He even showed us we have a programmable doorknob, who knew?!!
5	Not only was the technician on time, but performed the work in a professional manner and repaired two interior locks that another lock shop had indicated needed replacing. These techs provided great value for the services that they provided and I would recommend them for all commercial, residential, and lockout services.
1	The man that did my locks was extremely unpleasant.   He acted like he did not want to be there and talked to me like I was stupid.  I can't stand that people that are that mean n miserable are dealing with the public.   There was another man that I got the time before who was very personable and really sweet.  So he's great.  But this guy working nights that's on call ,,, you don't want to get him.
