5	Clare, the sales person, was excellent. She wasn't pushy and helped us get an excellent deal on a really, really nice mattress. The delivery guys a couple days later were polite, prompt and super helpful. They forgot something when the delivered the bed in the morning and came back at 9:30PM on their own to bring it to us. Really impressed with the level of service and would recommend to anyone.
5	After shopping at another mattress store, we decided to try Mattress Firm and had a great experience. Michael, the salesperson, was friendly and helpful, but never pushy. The prices were reasonable, the store was clean and Michael was great giving us enough time to make a decision. I highly recommend this store.
5	We checked out the prices at The Dump, the sales person there just were too pushy. and their prices were not the lowest.  We checked out the prices at Mattress Firm to see if they were any cheaper.  We had a wonderful experience!  The salesperson was friend and helpful NOT pushy at all.  They had the i-select model bed that my friend was looking for.  They were $200 cheaper, delivery was cheaper, and free tempur pedic pillows.  SOLD!!!  My friend is happy as a customer.
1	I'm very sure that I will never purchase from this company ever again. The following is not the only issue with my purchase, however it is the most pressing. It's been a month since my return of a mattress that was never even delivered to my home, and they have had unknown problem after problem processing my return which has stalled the return of my money.First the Ahwatukee Store Manager stopped taking my calls, Mike was great when I was purcahsing but had Clare speak to me whenever I followed up on my return,  claiming that corporate was processing it. Then when I called the customer service line, the guy brought me to tears. Between having no information on a month old return, claiming that a Tempur-Pedic base has no warranty, and refusing to let me speak to a manager, I felt completely de-humanized and powerless. As if I would never again see my [significant amount] of money.After harnessing my Google-fuu, I found corporate accounts payable who admitted my return had never even been addressed (over a month later), let alone processed, and she would bring it to a manager and I'd receive a call in 24hrs. No call. I just spoke with them, only to find out still nothing has been done. The only things I can do is call, and start speaking up about this unprofessional treatment.. I feel completely powerless while they sit on my money, the Store Manager has his commission, and I have nothing. But if this continues I will have to look into further, and more serious, appropriate legal action. How do you file a collections claim on a corporation?
