2	QI, People, QI.  I was on a road trip passing through Charlotte and thought I would stop at McDonald's for dinner.  When I got off the interstate, I did not realize this location as about three miles off the interstate, but I went anyways (not good during rush hour time.)  I was only going though the drive through.  I saw person before me drive away and realized they were missing part of their order.  Then my turn comes. Drink and hamburgers come out, but not fries.  Had to remind employee part of my order was missing.  I was directed another way back to the interstate seeing that if I waited a couple of miles on the interstate I would have come across another McDonald's (closer to the interstate).
3	Hello friends,It's McDonalds!!! 24hr. I can't validate any other reviews. Everyone seems on point when I come here. But that just may be my great smile and personality. Who knows. But it serves its purpose.Free Wi-FiTTFN
1	One of the worst McDonald's in the area. Staff here are Rude and completely apparent that they hate the location as much as I do. Most places wouldn't really care and switch out a happy meal toy for me; but this place really made it a big deal. WOW! Not wearing any gloves and talking over my food!! Completely disgusting!! When I made a complaint about it they the ones that seemed disgusted. REALLY!! WOW#2 I actually saw staff outside smoking......not cigarettes!!!! It looked like a scene from the movie Clerks!  Look im from NY and not even my hood was this ghetto. REAL TALK!! I could imagine what goes on behind the scenes if it looked like this in plain sight.
1	Easily the slowest and dirtiest McDonalds I've been to. My Big breakfast order literally took 17 mins this morning when I asked to talk with the manager, he said it happens and tried to offer me a apple pie. The tables are all filthy. This is the norm for this location.
1	We were on our way back from Carowinds and decided to stop off at Mc Donalds on the way to Greensboro. We were hungry and needed to use the facilities, so we decided that McDonalds was the best option. Like another reviewer claimed, yes- this location is about 3mi off the highway. We went inside, and I asked my husband if I should order while he and my daughter used the facilities. He said no, and I'm glad he did. When I entered the bathroom with my daughter, there were three stalls, two of which were out of order. The only working stall didn't have a properly working lock, and I accidently opened the door on some elderly lady (sorry)! That wasn't the worst of it. When we walked in, the bathroom wad infested with flies. Not just a couple, but hundreds of multi-generational flies. It was disgusting. To top it off, the bathroom had one measly trashcan. When I went to throw away something, I stepped on the pedal to open the lid, and was knocked back by the most horrendous stench- someone had thrown out a diaper in the trashcan. Now, being a mom, I know diapers can get stinky, but this was worse than any Diaper Genie stench that I have ever experienced, suggesting that this diaper had been here for a while. Now I have a weak stomach, so it was no suprise that I started dry-heaving. When I got out, my husband said I looked like I had seen a ghost. He said that the fly infestation was equally bad in the men's room. Needless to say, all three of us lost our appetite, and we left the building immediately.Now, let me preface this by saying that I was a manager in the food industry and my husband worked at McDonalds in high school. We have never seen a restaurant, let alone a McDonalds, that was this nasty. If the fly infestation was that bad in the bathrooms without resolve, can you imagine what is going on in the food prep/kitchen area?! My husband immediately called corporate, and the representative was very helpful and sympathetic. I will also give due props to the regional office, because they did send us an apology letter and vouchers for free meals (though it is not very helpful since we aren't from the area), so I am happy with the corporate response. Futhermore, I know that this particular McDonalds IS NOT representative of McDonalds as a corporation whatsoever, but it does make me think twice about utilizing drive-thrus. This location should be ashamed. I don't know how health inspections work in North Carolina, but I do assist in health inspections in Michigan, and if I saw that kind of infestation locally, I would shut this place down!
3	The store was clean, my order was correct and the free wifi worked quite well as I nibbled away at my Egg McMuffin without getting crumbs in the keyboard. By that point, the coffee had cooled below three billion degrees and I could drink it.My complaint? The music was WAY too loud and every often there was a new burst of something particularly annoying. I guess it's to keep people from hanging around too often? Well, it worked.It's a short walk from the light rail station.
