5	Owning a home ensures that you will be forced to interact with a number of service providers -- cable, landscaper, A/C repairman, you name it. Most of those interactions are... frustrating. They're late, they're expensive, they don't address your concerns, they don't fix the problem. Molly Maid is so the opposite of every single shitty thing I just said. They are set-your-watch-by-them prompt, they are thorough, they are polite, and they are reasonably priced. Also helpful: fluent English. Because we need Saturday service, our team is never made of the same two employees (they volunteer for overtime on Saturdays) -- but every single person we have met has been top notch and awesome. Two worker bees can leave our 2800 square foot place gleaming, shiny, and gorgeous in two and a half hours... for just $120. Considering it would take my SO and I four grueling, cussing hours to leave the house looking marginally clean, this is a smoking deal. In a sea of questionable housecleaning service providers, you have found your beacon! So grateful for thorough and trustworthy Molly Maid.
1	I found them to be the exact opposite of the previous glowing review.  Yes, two people did show up (but 1/2 hour early), stayed about an hour and forty five minutes (but claimed they were there for two hours), missed some major dirt that required me to clean up later after they left.  They charged $130, so that equated to about $40 an hour.  You would expect at those rates they would be thoroughly professional.Thus, MAJOR FAIL.  No, I won't be calling them again.
3	I arranged to start a biweekly cleaning in my house with the initial cleaning today. I was told today would be "deep cleaning" and would cost more than the "maintenance" cleaning in the following weeks. Makes sense. But when I got home and saw what was left untouched, I have serious concerns about future service at all. And I will volunteer that I've had previous excellent service with Molly Maids, which is why I gave serious thought about the bi-weekly option, but apparently the degree of service, or attention to detail varies greatly by the team assigned. My first experience, as I said was excellent... I didn't find an area untouched, a dust bunny left behind, or a water spot on a mirror. I was thoroughly impressed and was happy to tell friends about my experience. I definatley recommended your service. But today, I came home to find that the cushions from the couch were not removed and vacuumed underneath, the dust on top of the refrigerator and wine fridge remained untouched, appliances were not wiped down, clock radios and lamps left unplugged, tile grout not cleaned, blinds left in disarray, etc. I was not impressed. I was bummed. Oh wait, they did clean my glass shower door impeccably! Seriously love a clean shower and the door was amazing.. But oh, the tiles...  A simple brushing would have done it, but it was left for me to do. I'll also say the floors and walls were well wiped down. Which is why I'm disappointed they didn't give the counters and appliances in the kitchen a thorough wipe down... I ran my hand over them and it was as if they were dusted with a damp rag... Leaving it all behind anyway, yuk. (Yes, I have dirty counters, that's why I hired a cleaning service!) I will give the team I hired the first time the opportunity to renew my faith in Molly Maids. But just as I greatly advertised my initial pleasure with their service, it is only fair I do the same with my disappointment. Every business, and every person/employee has off days. In that spirit I hope my feedback will only be seen as constructive criticism, and an opportunity for your business to improve. I hope to continue as a customer... As long as you continue to provide excellent, and consistent service. Unlike my experience today. Regards, John C. Nadeau
4	I'm happy to  add one more star back to Molly Maid as the A-Team that I requested came by last week and they did an excellent job! Fortunately I will now have the same team each visit. Sorry to say though that I never heard from Molly Maid about the email I sent...
5	I have been a customer of Molly Maids for years.  Why?1 - crew is always on time2 - flexibility - if I need to change my day/slot, I can do so without fail3 - nothing has ever been stolen (lol)4 - the house SPARKLES5 - reliability and consistencyI have used 4 other cleaning services since moving here 9 years ago.  Invariably, all the others eventually slacked off in quality, which is why they got the boot.Not with Molly Maids, however.  Also, the franchise owner, Kurt, is very approachable and a real gem.  I had to suspend service for a few months, and he was kind enough to keep my prime slot for me!  And, kept my rate the same when I returned.  Not many business owners would be that accommodating.
5	Molly Maids are very professional and on time. If they are running behind they  will call to let me know what time to expect them.  They do a thorough job. I am very pleased with theirs service both as a business and with the employees that come to my home.
5	Molly Maids are always efficient and always on time. I love when I come home after they have been there. We will continue to use their services every month. I love my crew of ladies!!! I absolutely would recommend them to anyone.
5	Really happy with the service I receive from Molly Maids. My crew does a great job and don't mind being in a house with a dog. I am comfortable having a relative stranger in my home while I am not there. They are response to my needs always inquire if I am happy and what else they can do.
4	We were given 3 months of biweekly Molly Maid service as a wedding gift (I know, what an amazing gift, right?!).  We typically have the same two gals come out every Friday.  My husband works from home so he is always there when they arrive, and he said they are very nice and outgoing and enjoy seeing our two little dogs.  The first cleaning (the deep one) was really good!  I hate cleaning house, so they obviously did a better job than I ever have.  They even cleaned out our fridge which made me really happy!  They've been back a few more times, and while I've noticed some missed areas, the house is still cleaner than I'll ever get it.We went out of town over the weekend and my husband forgot to call and reschedule until Thursday afternoon.  They were really nice and accommodating, even though we botched up and didn't give them enough notice to schedule another cleaning :(  I feel really bad about that, but they scheduled a crew to come out on Monday.  This crew was a little less sociable, took a long time to clean, and I don't think they realized that my husband speaks Spanish lol, but when I got home from work, the house was gleaming!  I can tell that they cleaned better than the other crew had the last couple of times.  I was nervous using this service after reading some of the really bad reviews, but  it was free so I wasn't going to complain!  I am happy to say that I really like Molly Maid, and we will probably continue service with them once our 'gift' is over.
1	Really underwhelmed with the quality of cleaning here.  There were several visible dirt spots on my tile floors when they finished.  There was also a dull, dingy cast where they had "mopped," if mopping consists of lightly dragging a wet microfiber over most areas of the floor.  They offered to come back the same day when I complained, but I had already left work to let them in and had no time in my schedule for some office dispatcher to come to my house to look at my floors and decide if she felt they were clean.  I expect thorough work, but by no means have an unrealistic expectation here.  A reasonable effort is good enough for me, but what Molly Maid did fell far, far short of that.  I expressed clearly but politely how deeply disappointed I was in the quality and got what essentially amounted to a shrug and an insincere "Sorry!"I can't imagine ever paying again for this quality of service.  After they left, I felt like they had just used a bunch of dirty mops around my house, and I ended up redoing the floors myself.  I wouldn't recommend this company to anyone.  Maybe my cleaning experience was unusually bad, but that's the part where good customer service is supposed to come in.  Nope!
1	I was hesitant to get a cleaning service, but decided to try it. After Molly Maids service I know why I have been so hesitant. They were about 2 hours late to clean my house and when I walked outside the team was shopping at the yard sale, while I am waiting. They were there for 2 hours before I came home and when I came home I was not impressed with the level of cleaning and they still did not even get to all the rooms (only a 3 bdr 2 bath house) or touched the floors. I asked about the coffee table and dusting, which they claimed to do and one would think they did until you looked closely and moved a coaster.  On top of everything they broke a custom made chandelier that my husband made and did not find this to be a big deal. I really like to be able to give a good review, but I have to be honest that the service was very disappointing.
1	I was impressed with service level when making the appointment. However they immediately pulled a bait and switch saying they'd send a 2 person crew but then sent a 3 person team for a 900sf empty place for my move in clean.  You pay per person per hour,  So, 3 cleaners supposedly spent 1.5hrs in my tiny place and I wasn't sure if they had really been there or not. The only telling sign was the sink was wiped out. I still found windows dirty on the inside, shelves in cabinets and closets above 5' tall were still dusty dirty, and baseboards dirty. Basically anything requiring reaching or bending didn't seem to get any attention. The whole reason I hired them was to wipe everything down so I could just focus on unpacking upon moving in. I wasn't impressed, but was so busy with my move I didn't really worry about it and didn't complain. Then I get a letter saying there was a problem running my credit card and they needed me to contact them. We swapped missed calls twice over the course of a week and didn't connect. Next thing I know I get a collections letter from them!  It hadn't even been 2 weeks from the "cleaning" and they turn me into collections. I finally get a hold of them and give them my cc number again and ask about the collections issue.  They said, oh yeah don't worry about that. We will call and let them know you've paid. I said, it hasn't even been 2 weeks and I've been trying to contact you and leaving messages. Was that really necessary?  I said I will be sure to never use you again now. They just argued with me and made me feel like a bum and I ended the call. So, if that's the experience you're looking for, go ahead.
5	LOVE, LOVE, LOVE this company. I have used their monthly cleaning service for nearly a couple years now and they do a great job every time. The cleaning crew is detailed, they do a fantastic job of taking care of special requests, and I feel safe having them in my home. The owner, Mark, is outstanding. He does a great job of taking care of his customers. This is by far one of my favorite bills to pay each month because I love what I get for my money.
1	I have used Molly Maids for over a year, I've given them several chances and finally only allowed two certain women to come clean because they were the ONLY ones that did a good job. After I had to cancel a few times ( still paying the $35 fee) and had to send them away twice because they came two hours early and I was in the middle of laundry and a napping toddler, the two ladies decided they no longer wanted my house, and the company let them! I've always been generous and tipped them after a clean, just was very specific on when they said they would be here, they could be late but not early. These two ladies cleaned well but never remembered booties we had asked them to wear several times. When my husband inquired about this they told him they ran out at the office. I called later and found out that was a lie! Why would you wear your dirty shoes to come CLEAN After the ladies refused to come I thought I would try another team and see if they could do a good job as well...what a mistake. The first clean was pretty good, except they didn't move my toilet paper holders or clean behind the bathroom doors where I saw visible dust and cat hair stll, gross. I decided not to complain, per my husband, and give then another chance. The last clean they did was so bad, it was a joke. My floors just looked bad, dust and nerds from Halloween in the corners, under my dinning room table, kids playroom was filthy, my microwave or sink wasn't even touched! When I called to let them know she apologized and asked me to text her pictures on her personal phone, I did. I also fired them, I have had it..there's to many other maid services out there to deal with this. Plus I never heard back about those pictures. DON'T NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY OR LET YOUR PROPERTY GET STOLEN FROM THIS COMPANY. Ridiculous comment by the owner. Didn't meet my expectations? Yes, I expected my microwave and sink to be cleaned and my floors to not still have cat hair on them...asking to much?
