4	Amos' Southend is a two story concert hall that showcases a variety of local and national musical acts.  See their calendar online for upcoming events.  The bartenders are very quick and personable even when it gets pretty crowded and the stage is very accessible.   You can see the eyebrows, toenails and fretboards of your favorite artists.If you like to stay out of the fray you can hang out upstairs and see the main stage just fine.  If you like being in the thick of things, the area in front of the stage (the pit) is small and separated from the stage by a railing.  The liquor selection is spotty at best.  And this is not a great venue for dancing as the entrance is right alongside the main stage area and there are sound booths and other things chopping up the floor where I think most people would naturally dance.  But this may be a safety measure since it is a fairly large building.   Hence only 4 stars, but it's a good venue all around to see a show.  There is absolutely no seating, so wear comfortable shoes.
4	This venue is set up like the House of Blues, red walls, black floor, a balcony, and plenty of room to mousy around.  I went to see a few indie bands here last night and it was a great time.  The second band's bass player looked like the freak from Aphex Twin and the guitarist looked like a mix between Jon Bon Jovi and one of the members from the Kings of Leon.  Nonetheless all of the acts performed well, and the acoustics were great throughout the bar.  The service was sweet (despite the crowd), but I would have liked to see people tip better.  The crowd was full of hipsters and indie kids who showed lots of love for the bands.  The speakers really kick here, although the sound guys really set the bass drum levels way too high.  I would definetly come back, and I recommend the place to all music fans.
3	This music venue used to be so closed up, it was hard to fit a good amount of people inside for a show, without them crowding up the floor level. But now they the place is completely wide open & so many more people can pack the place during events. I've seen a couple of bands here before & prefer the upper level that wraps around & overlooks the main floor area. There are bars & b-rooms on both levels so you won't have to climb up & down to visit either. The beer isn't overly expensive for a concert hall, but you can still expect to pay quite a bit after concert cover.Overall, Amos' doesn't grab the biggest headliners, but they do get a pretty good # of acts on stage. There really isn't a bad seat in the house, so you can get pretty up close to the band, so I'd recommend checking out their band listings, & it might surprise you.
4	Amos's is a pretty cool place to catch some live music and has a nice unique vibe to it.The floor plan is pretty much wide-open, which is nice and makes the building seem so much larger and less claustrophobic when there is a big crowd.I'm a big fan of the balcony area, which is about the only place you can sit down while the stage is rocking. It gets harder to get drinks as the evening goes on, and the mixed drinks seemed to be a bit on the weak side, so next time I will stick with the beer. A good mix of regional and older national touring artists tromp through here, and the set-up allows fans to get really close to the stage area.Overall, a unique and cool place to catch a band on the rise or an old favorite.
4	I really like Amos'. I've seen a couple shows there, but my favorite was a free Flaming Lips show. It was sponsored by Camel (yeah, weird), so the place was transformed into a DisneyWorld for smokers -- free cigarettes and Camel schwag abound. Still, despite the thick, overwhelming cloud of smoke, Amos' was a cool venue for the show. I liked the option of having the balcony and the large main floor, and it seemed like there were at least two bars there, one on the side, one in the back.
3	Fun place to listen to some live music- whether it's an up and coming band or a has been and you're feeling nostalgic.
4	I've been to Amos' twice, first a couple years ago to see Pete Yorn and more recently to see TV on the Radio. This is a great venue - small enough that you can really get close to the stage, kind of like the Orange Peel in Asheville. The floor isn't sloped like at Neighborhood Theatre or Visulite, though, so if you're relatively short and the crowd is tall, you might be better off up on the balcony if you want to actually see the performers.When it comes to sound,, in general they do a great job - learn from my mistake, though! It's in stereo, so if you stand too far up, off to the side (near the front bar, where I like to hang out in general) you won't get the full effect.
3	Good bands come through there, but nothing special about the venue.  Security is a little overly touchy when walking in.  Bathrooms aren't clean.
4	Another great spot to see a concert in Charlotte. A few times the acoustics have been overtly loud.
3	Amos' is probably one of the top 3 local music venues in town (apart from commercial ones like Verizon Wireless or Ovens) and a result, they attract some surprisingly good acts.  Along with Tremont, the Visulite, and the Evening Muse, is one of the places to find good local bands, with an emphasis on harder rock, cover bands, and techno DJ's.  (Odd mix, I know)  The place is pretty nifty, albeit hard to enjoy when it's really packed.    The lack of seats makes long concerts rather uncomfortable.  If you wanna mosh though, you can inch your to the stage with the other kiddies. The floor is flat and as a result, its hard to see the stage when there's a large crowd.  Even so, they have plenty of pool tables in the balcony if the crowds get overwhelming. The staff are a jovial bunch and the Southend location is ideal for an evening of entertainment, food, and fun. Amos' is usually a good bet for fun, though I must be prepared to stand awhile and find the right spot between the moshers and the loitering masses uninterested in the band. Just be sure to arrive early so that you get a good parking space....
2	I don't want to sound like a whiney old fart but the lack of seating options is kind of a pain for folks like me - you kind of have to lure me out to go to a concert in the first place.  The sweaty crowd, the drunken fools. the ringing ears... just doesn't appeal to me.  The event I attended here was free AND supplied free beer, so you can imagine how packed and nutty it was.  One of few places where I actually witnessed people splashing each other with beer... as though they were shooting squirt guns... guys, I know it was free but come on!  A little appreciation, huh?Phew, got a little off topic.  Anyway.  Yeah, the place is fine for what it aims to be.  Festival style concert spot, fairly well serviced bar. So why the two stars?  Well I'll tell you.  So, I found out about this free musical event (I did not yet know that there would be free beer) and thought okay, maybe there's a catch.  So I called ahead and asked them if they had a drink order minimum, which is, in my experience, the common catch for night time shows that are otherwise free of charge.The guy seems a little confused by my question. "I don't understand your question", he says.  I explain.  "Well I know the show is free tonight but I've been to places where they require you to buy drinks--"I'm promptly cut off with a loud sigh.  "In North Carolina?""...no...""Well ma'am that's illegal in North Carolina".  I wish I could convey tone here, because a text reading makes the conversation sound fine, but he sounded rude and condescending when he explained this.  He then went ahead and topped himself by saying "You *do* have a ticket for this event, right?  Because you know, you need a ticket".  You know the tone.  "I'll let you off the hook for wasting my time with stupid questions because you don't know any better."  That tone.  I would have been fine with the "oh sweetie, how little you know" tone and downright pleased with the "I'm happy that I get to tell you something great about my hometown" tone.Because that is great news.  No getting ripped off by drink minimums? Nice!  If only the guy who'd told me didn't act like such a jerk when he did.
4	Nice concert spot.  I've seen Wu-Tang, Special Ed, Talib Kweli, Rudy Currence and other acts here.  Great vibe.  I love the balcony area, and the bartenders are great as well.  The kind of spot where you get the best seat, by being in the balcony, since there's not many places to sit.
4	Very nice since they redid the inside, good sound, good lighting, good acts come through here often!
4	I was very surprised at this music venue.  It's very deceivingly large inside!  From the street it looks like any old shop, but the large room opens up with a warehouse type feel, but they have a good set up in there with bars, stage, and the sound booth in the middle of the floor.My only complaint was the bathrooms inside were all out of order... don't know if they did that on purpose, but you had to go outside to a bank of porta-johns which wouldn't have been too bad... but it was raining.Other than the bathroom situation, tickets are very affordable and it was a fun evening.
2	Amos' seems to be the only venue in town consistently booking quality artsits, so I would love to see this place have a complete make-over.  It's '90's look is a turn-off and even though (i think) they improved the sound..  I'd rather go to The Fillmore. Dress casual, and don't try to use a fake i.d., kids!
5	I think the first time I set foot in Amos' was about eight years ago for a Seven Mary Three Show (Rock Crown is one of the best albums.  Get it!).  It was a lot different layout back then.And for the life of me, I still cannot finger out just where things were or how it was formatted compared to now.  The bathrooms were over... and the bar was... and the tiny stage that... clueless.Coincidentally, I think my first show there after the renovation was another 7M3 show.  Compared to what it was, the place was HUGE.  The addition of the upstairs and multiple bars was nice, but the sound... oh the sound.I have seen it all there.  Suicide Girls burlesque, metal, R&B, midget wrestling, hip hop, cover bands, and anything else that falls into my schizophrenic tastes of all things entertainment.Back in 2007, when Scott and I were starting Beards BeCAUSE, we needed a solid venue that could handle the local music firepower that we had for our Finale.  It also had to be big enough for the shaving station and silent auction.  I remember the shear panic I was feeling when John, the owner, told me he would be impressed if we got 250 to attend.  We came close to doubling that (and then doubled THAT the next year!), which made him VERY happy and set the standard for our yearly event.  The security crew are the biggest, most caring dudes that you could never pay me to mess with in a sticky situation.  And the bar staff is always cool under fire with your next cool beverage at the ready.With a capacity of about 1200, it attracts all the mid-sized touring acts as well as opening their doors for the locals to showcase their talent with professional sound.  Amos', as a venue, is a cornerstone of the Charlotte music scene, hands down.
4	I'm a big fan of Amos'. Love, love, love that it's so big inside, gives lots more room for big name shows that grace Charlotte.Sound is really good.  The stage is wide enough for the acts & their bands or DJs. I've been lucky enough to be invited on stage by Dave from De La Soul. : ) There's also a balcony too, for even more space.The bathrooms leave little to be desired, but you can expect that from any place that serves alcohol. I can't speak for the bar, as I've never had a drink there.Charlotte is extremely lucky to have this musical venue gem!
3	Came here to work a Jesco White show. The venue was great size with a crap ton of bars and a second level for better viewing. The staff was super helpful when we arrived for sound check and set up. Whatever we needed, they accommodated. Acoustics were good for such a big place. Convenient parking to the venue. We didn't venture out after the show to check the surrounding area, but appears to be in a popular night time spot.
5	Before you laugh Rhino Bucket is one of my favorite bands ever.  During the sludge and grunge thingie in the early nineties they kept on and now put out some bone crunching rock and roll like we used to get in the eighties.  Only problem they never leave LA.  So chickie notices the are coming to Charlotte.  Five stars for chickie.  But on a Wed?  So we get to Amos'. A litte dive near downtown Char with parking for twenty cars maybe.  We get there and see Fire Fire who kicked our asses and 21st Century Goliath who replaced our asses with our asses.  Two Charlotte bands.  And we were sitting in the back at a table.  Our ears were ringing after the two opening bands.  HELL YEAH LOCAL CHARLOTTE.  Then Rhino Bucket came on and we went up to the stage.  Small crowd so we were right there.  Rhino Bucket put our asses in our mini van and drove it around townl  What a fu cking show.  When they did Shes a Screamer my gf almost lost it.  But this review is for Amos'.  Great venue,  two bars ; only one open that night.  Guiness and Sierra were 4.25 each.  Amos' has an upstairs for larger shows but this show was 200 at the most.  And I  dont know why.  Rhino Bucket has some nice stuff.  If you ebay or amazon their earlier stuff it gets into the hundreds.  Had one Guiness and one Sierra and made it to work.  Check out Rhino Bucket and FIRE FIRE.21ST Century Goliat is a local Charlotte band that need attention.  Great music.  Check out all three.But chickie likes Rhino Bucket Shes a Screamer
4	Went to see the Cake show here this past Friday. It's been some time since I'd been to Amos'. I like the layout. All general admission. The staff was well organized. The line to get in was long but moved pretty quickly. The beer was cold and cheap ($3.25 for domestic). We watched the show from the upstairs balcony area which is like a large U shape which gives you a good view from all sides. The show itself was fantastic. Cake always puts on a good show! I like this place because it's not everyday you can see a big time band in a smaller venue. I'll be checking the Amos' calender for upcoming shows for sure!!
3	Much like Jared, I think the first time I was at Amos' was perhaps a decade ago.  Then again, at my age it all gets blurry, so it is really tough to say.  What I do remember - actually, what I do not remember - is also much like Jared in that things were different, but I can also not recall just how they were different.  They just were.I seem to recall you walked in and - boom - there was the stage.  I cannot recall there being an upstairs, but it could have had something to do with the level of beverages consumed.  Tough to say, really.Whatever the case, the way things are now provides a nice lower level for the stage-level festivities, if you are into that, and an upper lever for those who would rather take a more laid-back approach (uh, who want to get out of the nitty-gritty, shall we say?).  It actually reminds me a bit of the Music Farm in Charleston if you have ever been there.  Maybe not exactly in size or even position, but definitely in the overall feel with the stage on the bottom and a mezzanine running around the back.Regardless, while most events have some sort of musical component - even charity events - the space on the inside has plenty of room for it, and that works out well.  Those who want to bail after the tamer part of the evening, with auctions and the food, can definitely do so, so it is all good, as that leaves more space for those who want to stay for the show.
3	Never been here before and always wanted to give it a try but in full disclosure I'm not sure I've ever been lured to the place by an live music act that was going to be there.  So this past Saturday night my girlfriend and I were looking for something a bit different to do and noticed a Guns and Roses tribute band was playing here and thought "why not?".  I'll keep this review to the venue itself.  Nice large stage area and what appeared to be two large bars to keep the drinks flowing.  I noticed a little wait at the bars so even though the bar was probably a solid 30 feet long, only 2 bartenders.  That's a lot of real estate to cover for anyone.  One more tender would have been better.  Beer selection wasn't the greatest but maybe I'm just beer snobbish nowadays.  Either way, good venue, good lighting and probably will revisit on a night that has a band that I may be more into.
4	Granted I visited Amos' for a fashion show event but this is a nifty little venue. I love the multiple bars (always a plus when at an event) and the upstairs/downstairs set up. Drinks were reasonably be priced and well mixed.Inside this space is bigger than I anticipated although parking can be tricky- so carpool or know other lots in the area or plan to come early enough to snag an area street parking spot.
4	Pretty great music venue - been here a ton of times.They have two levels which is nice for those who want to be in on the action and then those who want a more laid back approach.There are two HUGE bars on the lower level - so you are always close to a new drink.Staff is pretty nice, I've never had to wait long at all. and the drinks are cheap!Downstairs area is pretty large and fits a ton of people which is great.  The only thing is the big sound/lighting box basically in the middle of the floor - can kind of get in the way, but doesn't bother me too much as I'm usually pushing my way to the front and in front of it.Sound is pretty great - never had any complaints like at other venues I've been to where you really cant make out anything.Bathrooms are meh...but honestly I've seen WAY worse at a venue.Overall - a Charlotte staple in the music scene.
4	I've been to Amos' once in the past few weeks to see the Sun Dried Vibes (AMAZING LOCAL BAND, btw).  I liked it.  Very large, open, with a great bar staff.  I liked how you got a ticket in place of your credit card when you opened a tab.  Strange that was the first time I had ever been anywhere that did that.  The music sounded awesome and the crowd didn't get overly stupid, but still made for amusing people watching.
4	As an avid concert goer, I've visited many of the venues in the greater Charlotte area. Amos' is in my top 5. It is a standing room only venue with general admission tickets, so if you want an up close view to one of your favorite performers, get there before everyone else and you're golden. There's really not a bad seat in the place though. There are 2 huge full bars on the lower level so it's not hard to get your swerve on. I feel like the majority of their shows are along the classic rock/rock/alternative/metal lines, so if you're down with that definitely check out their calendar on their website to see who's coming soon. If you're like me and not particularly into that genre, they still have other genres perform there. I've seen Yelawolf and Chiddy Bang here. Both great shows. I will say that I do prefer the Fillmore to this location in terms of appearances, but Amos' makes up for it with generally cheaper tickets. There is an upper level as well that can provide patrons with an elevated view of the stage above everyone else.
5	So much bigger than what it looks like from the outside.  Loved it
4	I have a wide taste in music, everything from opera to metal.  So, when the 80's inspired Brit band "The Darkness" was in town, I had to "go see."  Amos' is a very open venue.  Acoustics aren't bad, but I use ear plugs at most concerts.  The first level is devoid of extraneous fixtures, save a few bar stools.  The upstairs has some tables and chairs, but its saving grace is a rail on which to lean.  We aging heads bangers need a little propping up on a long night.  I typically don't drink during concerts because my focus is on the sensory experience of the show.  But, toward the end, I had a glass of white wine.  Don't know what it was or how much it costed because my husband bought it for me.  But no complaints.
1	When did it become o.k. for a concert venue to charge $1 for tap water???  I had reviewed Amos' months ago and after my latest visit on May 11th have decided to post an update.  I am pregnant so I cannot have much in the way of liquor and beer.  I understand soft drinks and bottle water, but I was thirsty and knew that I would be there for a few hours so ordering iced water sounded like a good option in lieu of coke.  When the bartender handed me my plastic cup of iced tap water and said "That will be a $1" I thought I had heard her incorrectly.  No, I didn't.  AND that will be the last concert I attend at Amos'.
4	I like concerts. No, let me rephrase that - I LOVE concerts. I've been a frequenter of Amos' Southend since I invaded the QC 10 years ago and have seen acts from Hatebreed to Rusted Root. You can say, I've been here my fair share and I keep coming back!What's to Love:1. Amos' isn't a genre exclusive venue. If you like variety, you'll love to keep checking back to see what bands are coming through.2. There isn't a bad place to stand; from the balcony to the floor, you'll always find a good place to watch the stage.3. The drink prices are very reasonable... $3.50 for most domestic beers.4. The security doesn't play around; one look at them and you know that they're for real. You can feel safe and know that if something goes down, it will be promptly taken care of and removed.5. Clear audio; I've never been to a show that didn't deliver quality sound.If you're looking for seating, sadly, this place will not be your cup of tea. Standing room only, folks!
5	My home away from home. I first attended a concert at Amos' back in early 2009 and have been coming back at least once a year. They always book some of the best bands. The employees were also really friendly each time I have been, especially the bouncers. Its spacious and has a lot of history. I really hope this place never closes. Oh but if its your first time attending a show here, the whole parking situation might be confusing for you.
2	I've been to many events and this place had the rudest staff. It really ruined my experience there. From the guy checking ID's at the front to the bartenders they were all very rude. The atmosphere of the place really influences my overall experience and the staff really bummed me out. I might try this place out again and give it one more shot.
3	I went to my first hard rock concert here - I'm not a fan, but hey what one does on a date right?  Anyways, my date prepared me for a dive, hole in the wall.....and I was pleasantly surprised.  Maybe it was a case of lowered expectations, but I found Amos' to be pleasant and cleaner/nicer than I expected.  I did not use the restrooms - they are quite confusing w/ no doors and lights to indicate male vs. female...ok maybe I take that back..it's not confusing, but frankly with a full bladder I don't want to have to stop to figure out which entrance to the restroom I should use.  One critique - the bars.  I do appreciate many bars - kept the lines down...but I got a vodka an redbull for $7.50...that seems high.  I didn't even get to see what vodka he put in it.  I doubt it was top shelf...and that price seemed high for the venue.  2nd bar trip...bar tender gave me the wrong thing.  I ordered an angry orchard and got a summer shanty.  Luckily my date was willing to drink the shanty.  So I'll wrap it up here- I wouldn't hesitate to visit Amos's in the future.  It was indeed A-OK to this yelper.
4	Been here twice, each time for George Clinton. The shows were great. It is a standing room type place though there is essentially one row of seating in the balcony. Acoustics are adequate considering that most shows are loud ass rock shows anyway. I'm not a drinker but it looks like the bartenders were treating everybody pretty good. Staff is friendly enough and it is a good, loose environment for a rowdy crowd, much better than a corporately controlled place like the Fillmore where it sometimes feels like a police state. Parking is a bit of a question because there are a numbers nearby properties that threaten towing. All in all, if it is a show you want to see, it's a good place to go.
1	I'm giving this place one stars because I had to.  These miserable people kicked me out for telling a bartender she was horrible.  I spent $60 on tickets for me and my girlfriend and no refund.  Be sure if you decide to go to a Amos', to not voice your opinion to the staff for managers.  You will be escorted out.
4	I too, was surprised with how much I liked this venue.  Came here on 4/4/14 to see Millennial (if you haven't heard of them, do yourself a favor and look them up).  Amos' is much bigger than I expected, and there's really not a bad spot to stand/sit in the house.  There is limited seating, very few tables, so be prepared to stand.  The website is VERY helpful with parking.  I'm glad I checked it out.  There seems like there's a lot of parking, but some of it is two zone - red flag!  I really enjoyed my time here, loved seeing the band, and the drinks were pretty good.  (Check out the specials, and you'll be good to go).  There are a ton of places to eat on south blvd too - so make a night of it!(And yes, bathrooms are dingey.  Go before you get here.)
3	There isn't much to love or hate about Amos'. It's really just A-OK. Live music. [check] - They have an interesting lineup - tons over tribute and cover bands. Cheap admission. [check] - Sometimes free!. Decent prices on drinks [check] - $3.75 for domestics, $4.75 for "premium" beersFree parking [check] - I guess that's a pretty big plus in Southend Dive-y Music Hall [check] - The acoustics aren't anything to write home about but they do just fine.
4	I've been to many good shows at Amos' South End - Hank 3 & Assjack, Pink Spiders, Sugarcult, Lucky Tubb & The Modern Day Troubadours, The Academy Is..., Relient K, Bayside, Hellogoodbye, the list goes on and on. Anyhow, the sound in here is generally pretty good. Sometimes it can get a bit garbled-sounding but hey, that's live music. Security is tight but they still know how to let people have a good time. Bartenders are friendly and often sarcastic (in a good-natured way) though they can be slow. At one concert I stood at the bar for 5 minutes with no one else in front of me waiting for the bartender to get up from leaning on the counter and ask what I wanted. Beers are priced fairly and ticket prices generally aren't too high. All in all, a pretty standard rock 'n roll club.
