5	I'm terrified of dentists and any dental work. When I had to get my wisdom teeth out (all four were impacted; one horizontally), I was sweating bullets.I knew I was going to go for general anesthesia--I didn't want to hear anything. I was really grateful these guys were covered by my insurance because they did the best job possible with my bad teeth.They gave me the medication I'd need after, made sure I was well taken care of, and it was a very comfortable area with helpful staff. I'm not quite sure what one ought to be looking for in perfection when it comes to dental surgery, but compared to where I've had it before and this place? This place, a million times over.I'd definitely recommend this place if you have to get some surgery work done.
3	So, I've been back here a few times since my initial surgery. My faith in this place has kind of faltered. It's not the worst, they're clean, and they're professional. They don't have a high rate of dentists coming and going and they did a pretty good job on my mouth and my surgery.So why am I dropping it? It's a little long, but bear with me because it's pretty legit.I got an infection shortly after having it; this isn't their fault, but I was out of town. I initially called them about setting up a return appointment just to check on things and the receptionist said, "Oh! You don't need to come back unless you're in pain!"--which, I thought was kind of weird because after most surgeries (I've never had one myself, but I'm going on family and friends' histories here), your health provider would like to see you in case something DOES go wrong. Here's detraction reason #1.And it sort of, in a minor way, did. As I said, I was out of town. I went to a surgeon in Cedar Rapids, IA who gave me a check up and noticed the minor infection. When they got my file from this place, they noticed that I was prescribed Amoxicillin.Except, I never got it. My dad was given all my pharmaceutical prescriptions shortly after leaving and Amoxicillin was not on that list of ones given to us. I had to explain to the Cedar Rapids dental surgeon that no, I never received it, so I'd have to be put on Clindamyacin. That went off without a hitch, fortunately, but if you prescribe someone something like an antibiotic and they don't have it? That's a little side-eye worthy right there. They also told me it was kind of weird that they didn't have a scheduled appointment to see me after the surgery. Ugh. Detraction reason #2 and #3.I came back because the pain in my jaw didn't go away. It wasn't a dry socket, per se--just in the jawline. When I came back to visit, the dentist had kind of an air of "Ugh, you again?" and kind of seemed dismissive. I dunno. I'm probably being too sensitive, but that was the feeling I got. Detraction reason #4. I just got my clove strip, went home, came back two days later and had it out.I still think these guys are pretty good and definitely ought to be considered if you're having dental surgery, I just got rubbed the wrong way with some of the run-around.
4	I was really nervous about having my wisdom teeth out. My dentist recommended Dr. Kramer and I'm so glad he did. Dr. Kramer was straight up with me--he said that my roots were long and curved and he would have to do a lot of work to remove them, particularly the back right. He also said my recovery would be a little rough. I appreciated his honesty. Fortunately, they were easier to get out than he thought, and I had an easy recovery. I do think it's slightly odd that they never at least called to check up on me, but I do believe they would have been attentive if I'd experienced a lot of pain post-surgery. I would recommend Dr. Kramer to any of my friends who need their wisdom teeth removed.
2	If I was rating the success of the surgeon I would rate 5 starts.  However the service at the front desk is why I only give them 2 stars.  Trying to keep it brief, after a years of pain and dodging getting my wisdom teeth out I finally ask for a referral.  I choose this place because it DID have good reviews and I checked multiple sites and decided this was the place to have the procedure I've been putting off for the better part of 10 years.  The dentist was great and after the consultation I said okay let's do it! You can imagine the let down I feel when the receptionist just said "oh this is not covered".  She said this without doing any kind of checking into or looking up anything.  She just asked my insurance and I told her and that was her response.  So I was confused and said "how do you figure?" and she just said "I work here, I know its not covered" and I was kind of shocked about her matter of factness about it.  So since I was pretty much tired of being in pain on a daily basis I ask about the costs and she is helpful, I guess, while telling me its going to be about $1,300.00 for me.  SO of course we have to say we need to call back.  We decide its necessary and pay for it on a credit card that we took out specially for this....  Anyway I get the surgery, everything is fine, months pass..... Then what happens?  We get a $900 check in the mail as a refund... because guess what? IT WAS COVERED!  The only portion that was not covered was the anesthesia as I decided to go under.  SO yeah, I would not recommend this place on that basis, unless you want to get screwed around.  Then by all means!
