4	First things first - I am a road cyclist and a spin class junkie (though I prefer the term "aficionado"). Last week, I posted the following to my Facebook status after yet another predictably boring YMCA spin class, "If 90+% of your class has us out of the saddle or doing ridiculous 'jumps', it's not a cycle class. It's an elliptical class. It is also a waste of my time."After reading that Facebook status, a friend of mine sent me an invitation to the "Open House Week" at Flywheel Ballantyne. I had never heard of Flywheel before, but my friend said they were offering free classes all week and suggested we try them. I wrote her back saying, "Given what they charge, I'm interested in seeing how - if at all - this is different from a general spin class." Frankly, having spent hundreds of hours in YMCA spin classes over the past 3 years, I was not expecting much.I told her as I gripped the handrail down to the parking lot to steady my legs after our first Flywheel class together: "I was wrong."I *know* your average spin class. Nothing fazes me anymore. I'm not the most fit looking person in the room, but this bod was built to spin and spin hard. I went into the Flywheel class with the mindset that it was cute and theatrical with dim lights and stadium style elevation for the bikes, but that it probably wouldn't be very challenging. As I said though, I was wrong. There are some key things that Flywheel does that make it much more challenging than your everyday, garden variety spin class.First, there is the "tech pack" attached to every bike. Most spin classes have a manual dial, or a dimly lit display that shows your RPM's and other stats. You can walk in, saddle up on a bike, and sandbag the whole damn workout and no one's the wiser. This is NOT THE CASE at Flywheel. Your "tech pack" is a brightly lit display, easily visible to all from several feet away. It shows your RPM, Torque, current power output, and cumulative power output. Gone are the good ol' days when your spin instructor would tell you to "turn the dial 75%" to add more tension and you mimed that, while leisurely pedaling. It's been replaced by cold, hard, brightly lit numbers. Forget the other competitive aspects of the class, when I realized that the six people to my left could easily make out my "tech pack" numbers in the dark, I stopped sandbagging and started sweating.There's a second highly competitive aspect to the ride, the "Torq Board". During "demo" mode, which is what Flywheel Ballantyne is using during their Open House week, the "Torq Board" shows the top 20 bikes. The instructor flashes the "Torq Board" during a few key sprints of the session, and you can see how your power output measures up against everyone else's power output. I'm not the fittest person in the room, but when I saw that I was "on the board" out of 35 people, I rode harder to see how I could hold up. When you sign up for Flywheel, you can opt-in to get your name on the board to see how you measure up against others.The final, most unique aspect of Flywheel classes, is the 5-ish minutes of upper body work with 2 and 4lb bars that are available at each bike. At first I scoffed at this "workout" with such light weights, but around the 3rd to the last song, your instructor guides you to whip these out. I grabbed both (6 lbs) at the start feeling this would be easy. Soon, I dispensed of the 4lb bar in favor of just the 2lb bar. Two minutes in, I was in agony, struggling to keep proper form. Suffice to say, cycling "aficionados" such as myself haven't had a lot of upper body work opportunities  thrust upon them. It was enlightening how weak I was. The upper body workout toward the end is one of my favorite (or, perhaps least favorite) parts. I have been to two Flywheel classes, and I'm signed up for a third on Friday through their Open House week. I am planning on taking a fourth one on Sunday as well. The prices are somewhat expensive. Individual classes are $18/per though you can buy packs of 20 for $280, making them $14/per. This is still too rich for my blood, but through10/31, they're featuring a BOGO deal on the 5 & 10 class packs, so conceivably you could get 20 classes for $150, or $7.50 per. It should be noted that Flywheel Sports offers a truly "all inclusive" experience at that high price, though. Each class includes use of a pair of cycling shoes, towel service, bottles of water and fruit, as well as access to lockers. I usually stuff these things into my gym bag before heading to the Y, but it's nice to have it all provided for you. Is it $18 per class nice? I don't know, but there you have it.My final word on Flywheel classes is this: The instructors know what they're doing. They are true professionals, capable of motivating you to a spin workout harder than you'd get anywhere else locally.  If you are in a rut with your local gym's spin classes, give Flywheel a try.  I used to think all spin classes were all the same. Now, I know better.
4	If you are looking to burn mega calories and have fun while you are doing it, look no further. Flywheel offers you 45 minutes of a heart "racing" good time! Set to playlists chosen by the instructor, you ride in the dark. You will sweat, you will be sore, and you will want more. Race against others in the class or against yourself every time you go. By the way, your first class is free ... so you be the judge if this is the workout for you.
4	I drive from Lake Norman every Saturday and Sunday just for this class.  Enough said!
5	This place is amazing!!! Enough SaidThink of the epic introduction to Star Wars, the plot from Harry Potter and the finale from the Avengers. This is portrays all of the the emotions that will run through your mind at Flywheel. As you enter, there is a calm, seemingly effortless lobby where you begin to wonder what the class is going to be like. You are wondering if you are going to like it and think "how hard could riding a bike be?".Think of it as a boutique spinning experience, all of the staff are great and make sure that you have everything you need for a great class experience.........You enter...the lights go out....music starts to pump.... and you can hear the humming of the bikes begin to build. This is similar to when Harry Potter living in the past/present/future while going to school and fighting evil (so many story lines).Then it begins .........get mentally zoned in with the music, pedaling as fast as you can, checking your status on the board, sweating like no other, body is burning everywhere and going to the limits of what you think you can do.You think back the questions that you had in the lobby of whether you are going to like this class and now they are ANSWERED. There is no other way to get such a great workout, no hard impact (I have had knee surgery, felt great!!!)The time of the entire class seems to vanish during the midst of the great madness that the playlists create (Epic finale of the Avengers where you don't even know where up is!!!). The only thing that you can think about is the next time you can visit.As you walk out of class.... you just think....This is exactly what I needed and I love this place.Everything is really clean, professional, top notch. -Wally
