5	Fast, great service and very nice!!
3	This place would be 5 stars, if not for the terrible customer service I received.I found this cleaner via yelp. They are pretty great, as far as cleaning goes. Very cheap, next day service, AND they are open 7 days a week. What's not to love?Then I went in, dropped off my stuff, and tried to use the coupon I'd found on their website. Now, as background, NOWHERE on the website does it say you must print out the coupon and take it in. And, in this modern day and age, most places just let you show the coupon on your smartphone, particularly when there's just a type-in code, rather than a barcode they need to scan.I showed them my coupon on my iphone at drop off and the lady says, "No, you have to print out coupons, we only accept printed coupons. And you can't bring it in later, we only accept coupons at drop off."I calmly explained that neither the website, nor the coupon, say anything about it needing to be printed out. The lady angrily replies, "Of course you have to print it and bring it in, how else would you use a coupon?" I pointed out that most places don't require a printed coupon as long as the code can be keyed in. Again, she yells as me, "The coupon says you have to surrender it at drop off, which means it has to be printed."I showed her the coupon on my phone, which did not say anywhere on it that it needed to be surrendered. She grumbled at me for a moment, then said, "Fine, I'll let you use it only this once." Then she proceeded to yell at/scold me about the fact that I need to print out coupons from here on out!Here's why this made me so mad: if the coupon itself, or the website, said to print out the coupons, then great, I would be in the wrong and that would be the end of that. but they don't. So, how are new customers supposed to know this until they walk into the store for the first time?! And she knew I was a first time customer because she had JUST input me into the system and asked me if it was my first time there.Really, the appropriate reaction would have been to kindly tell me, "oh, we don't normally accept coupons that aren't printed out. It's your first time, so we'll apply it this time, but please print out your coupons from here on out." And that would have been the end of that. I always go out of my way to be polite to people in businesses because I'm a big believer that being mean or throwing a fit is rude and counter-productive, even when I'm in the right and the store is wrong. It is really unacceptable to have personnel yelling at patrons who are calmly trying to raise an issue. Disputes happen in business, Thriftdlux Cleaners needs to train its staff of how to appropriately and politely handle them when they arise.5 stars for the place itself, 1 star for the services, balances out to 3 stars overall.
5	They have a drive thru service so you don't even need to step out of your vehicle. They dry cleaning is cheap and done by the next day. Never had a problem here, great service.
4	My usual place to take my clothes.Good customer service.Open 7 days a week.Convenient as it's in the same plaza with a Smith's grocery store,  Hair Raisers beauty salon, Hookah lounge.Never had a problem with my clothes coming back ruined or not cleaned properly.
5	been going here for 4+ years, always done correctly and on time.
5	5 stars for: *Affordability*Open 7 days a week*Quickness*Customer serviceI'll definitely recommend this place to anyone, it's so affordable than most places I've been to and they do a great job.
