3	directly across from edinburgh university, this spot has for years been a staple on the edinburgh student life scene. bar, eatery and hangout, it's a fine place to while away some idle time. i didn't eat here but i did have a couple of afternoon pints here and was impressed with the extensive and inexpensive menu. but again, i can't vouch for the food quality.
3	Negociants is very handily located for imbibing purposes, being just off Bristo Square and near the Grassmarket. Its location is handiest of all for Edinburgh Uni students, being right next to to the union and other uni buildings, so a lot of the clientele here is of the student variety. I have a vague recollection that Prince William was apparently spotted here having a few drinks, back in his St. Andrew's university days, which I think upped its popularity for a while. It's always absolutely crammed with tourists during the festival, as is everywhere in the vicinity of the Grassmarket in August, but I think Negociants appeals to a lot of people because of its laidback, in between a bar and a cafe appearance.The look in here is pretty simple, with its continental feel and tiled walls and wooden tables, and at times I have felt it's a bit too under decorated, and not as warm looking, and feeling, as it could be, but it's still fundamentally a decent place to grab a bite to eat plus a few drinks.,
4	Negociants is one of the best student bars/cafes around. Situated just on the corner of the Edinburgh University students playground, George Square, it is one of the most convenient places to go to for lunch or a drink. Negociants seems to be a mixture of a cafe, restaurant and a bar which works really well. They conveniently serve breakfasts in the morning which is great if you can't be bothered to make your own at home as they go all out with theirs. They serve fully cooked breakfasts, breakfast rolls, french toast and waffles which can be eaten in or taken away. I love to come to Negociants for lunch with my friends in between our classes. They serve a decent selection of different meals including soups, baked potatoes, burgers, sandwiches and proper main meals such as steak pies and fish cakes. I cannot get enough of their nachos and it is all I ever order when I come here, boring I know, but they taste amazing! The food is reasonably priced here too with nachos costing about five pounds and burgers about seven pounds. Negociants really comes alive at night though as they have a full bar and it is a lovely place to stop by for a drink, and they are open till 3am on weekends so you could make a whole night of it here! Negociants have a seating area outside overlooking George Square so it is a great place to go to on a warm summers day and watch the world go by.
3	Negociants is THE place to go when you want a drink but you also want food, and nowhere else is still serving.  From memory, they are open until 3am (at least on weekends) and they serve food until closing.  This is an amazing comodity.  Plus, they have really good nachos.  I am kind of a nacho snob but this place definitely serves the best nachos I've had in Edinburgh.  It is also a good place to come when you are a large group -I'm assuming you can book ahead- because they can easily setup a large table in the middle of the room.The issues are when neither of the above scenarios apply to you.  In that case, I wouldn't recommend coming here.The toilets are freezing and if you sit anywhere in the back half of the bar, you will be able to smell them.  You know, that toilet cleaner smell which isn't actually clean and just covers up everything else?  Yeah, the place reeks of it.  The tables and chairs can be a bit funny and I remember coming for a bite here once and had to sit at a table which only came up just over my knees.  I found the service ok, but nothing to write home about.  As I said, it is fantastic to be able to get food here late, and table service when you are in a large group is great.  But, with so many other great bars around, I wouldn't come here if all I wanted was a pint.
4	What? I mean...what? But seriously....?How on earth did I miss this place for so long? It's about 3 metres from my yoga school which I frequent daily, it's in my 'hood, and yet I have never walked past it. I'd seen it once or twice but admit as no one else had mentioned it, I'd not given it a second thought. Eeeeeediot.I was here on a Sunday evening and wow. Hello gorgeous bar. Hello tasty margarita. Hello decent pub food (after pinching a few chips from someone else's plate). It's big inside, it's beautifully decorated in a Moroccan fashion (I think?). The pub grub menu has burgers, salads, sandwiches. The staff are friendly. It's warm, there's just this beautiful calm, chilled, welcoming vibe inside. And the kicker? It's open until 3am and does food till 2am. I mean...what? I know, I've been there already. But seriously.I can't say it would be the best burger you've ever had, but as Emily and Cheryl have said, it's really handily placed, it does food and drink till the wee hours, and it could have been I was all hyped up after dancing my socks off just before, but I really, really liked the vibe in here. There was also a guy up the back working away on his laptop. Idea! Call me a copycat, but that'll be me soon.
4	Negociants is a nice wee restaurant with delicious burgers. I especially like the bad boy burger which has everything inside even haggis and is enormous! I've also enjoyed their full scottish breakfast. The downside is that they usually are very slow in serving your food. apart from that everything is fine!
4	CURLY FRIES. BRING THEM BACK.Other than that I cannot fault Negociants, well, other than the fact that when the club downstairs kicks off you can feel your own skeleton rattling. Oh yeah, and when they closed to redecorate they went to Dobbies instead of B&Q and ended up with some trestles in the restaurant. Actually, come to think of it, there are a few dents and bruises about the place, but, damn it has character and is one of my favourite places to get a burger and beer in. Even during the festival it is possible to waltz, alright, stagger, into Negociants for a burger and beers at 1am and still get a table. For all it's minor flaws, for the fact they did away with the curly fries and won't reinstate them despite "Yeah, a lot of people complain about that", for the bass that rattles you around the place from 9pm onward, for all of this I bloody love it.
1	Went here on a Tuesday night with my mate with an itison voucher for 8 Tapas dishes. Had been looking forward to the meal all day and had even skipped lunch to build up an appetite for the array of Tapas dishes I imagined I'd be presented with. The menu has an extensive selection of dishes which I was pleased with. After a long discussion, we picked 4 dishes each and placed our order. We were informed that they were out of 3 of the items ordered so we quickly picked replacements. I went for battered prawns with a lemon mayo, Braised pork cheeks in red wine and port, skewered chicken satay, and breaded Brie with cranberry sauce. My mate had the Spanish Chorizo in red wine, Gambas pil pil, hot chicken wings and the crispy prawns. - The battered prawns were soggy and the lemon mayo was just plain mayo- Braised pork cheeks weren't really braised enough so were tough and inedible with a watery sauce- the skewered chicken was dry and the satay sauce was just peanut butter- the Brie was actually Camembert melted in a shallow bowl (this was replaced with the breaded Brie later)- Chorizo was greasy but ok- Gambas pil pil was quite good- hot chicken wings did not have crispy skin and were just greasy and soggy and  not very appetising.I can't fathom how a trained chef can get 7 out of 8 dishes wrong! Stay well away from the food unless they replace the chef and/or the menu!
4	Biggest plate of nachos I've been served in quite some time. They were really good, especially the veggie chilli.The grub here is plentiful and tasty - will definitely be back. Bonus with nice outside seats and a continental atmosphere.
