5	This store is CU's foodie mecca and for good reason- it  has everything! Primarily tailored for the needs of international students and former city-dwellers, this is the place to get everything from ghee to chevre. Only here can I indulge my desire for German Kinder chocolate, Dutch Roka cheese crispies, Middle Eastern Zaatar, and Norwegian lingonberries. They also have a good selection of local foods from nearby farms and bakeries. Prices are far more reasonable than big stores like Cost Plus World Market or similar Chicago stores. For gifts or gourmet food, this is the best place in CU!
5	Shopping here is a joy. So many international-type food stores are focused on one country or region at the expense of all others. This place has everything. EVERYTHING. The cheeses! the cookies! the spices! the strange canned foods from around the world! Plus, halal meats and everything. Oh what fun.
5	Just when I thought I'd seen all of the international food stores in the Champaign area, I found World Harvest! The employees were courteous and very helpful! When I asked for a special mexican dessert that I've only found in my home town, I was surprised when the owner came out and asked me if I would bring the wrapper of the dessert so that he could try to have it ordered! I was also fascinated by the variety of foods, drinks, sauces, chocolate, you-name-it. They even have a lot of organic items. I definately recommend shopping here!
5	They have a wonderful selection of cheeses, especially Western European styles. Another strong point is the chocolate... they even the hard-to-find Callebaut baking chocolate.Their selection of olive oil, balsamic and sherry vinegars is unmatched.The only (mild) disappointment I have is that they don't have fresh, locally-baked flatbreads, like you see in similar places in larger cities.
5	I'm not going to repeat what the other reviewers have said about the selection and the great cheeses and the tasty halal/kosher local meats -- it's all true.The place also has all kinds of cool cosmetics and grooming products from other countries. They have several different kinds of henna, powdered and in tubes, ranging from poor quality to good quality. They have some cool Islamic items like tooth cleaning materials made from traditional miswak, fancy imported dates, and Arab keffiyeh scarves. They have this aromatic Lebanese soap made from olives and imported oils and tinctures I had never heard of before. It's really cool. And omg it's cheeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeap!
5	I love this place!  Upon my move to Urbana from Boston, I immediately went to World Harvest.  They have absolutely every odd ingredient I've looked for there.  They have Castelvetrano olives, which I thought would be impossible to find in CU.  Lots of delicious cheeses, which they will always let you try before you buy.  Sometimes they give away free chocolate!  What more could you want?
5	World Harvest is a little gem of a business in Champaign. They have such a diverse and complete variety of products from around the world, including ethnic foods, teas, jams, oils, spices, seeds, nuts, sweets, confectioneries, cheeses, meats, and even beauty products, it's definitely worth a visit. The owner is friendly, and he also owns Istanbul mediterranean restaurant in Champaign at the Crossing, which is a fresh and delightful winner of a business. It seems everything he is doing, he is doing right.
5	Great place for international foods in champaign
5	This place reminds me of this insane NYC spice store with every spice in the world. It's overwhelming! Aisle after aisle of spices! All kinds of rices, jams, etc. I bought some Greek mountain tea that I've been wanting to try. This store should be in Chicago, or one like it. If you are driving by Champaign, this place is worth a pit stop. It's always fun to just look at food crap.
4	I do not want Sriracha sauce.  I need sriracha sauce.  Also baklava, organic chocolate, gouda with basil and garlic and maybe some ginger beer.  All of which World Harvest is more than prepared to sell me.  They have a nice selection of the yuppie luxury items I'd expect in such a store - olive oil, mustard, chocolate, dried pasta, etc.  Basically everything I'd think of as "contraband" if there was a war on.  And while I can't speak for 100% of the store-made goods, I will say that the cashew baklava is mighty fine stuff.  Plus, the prices on all of it seem very reasonable.I took off a star because... I'm a snob.  Because I want more.  I'd like a bigger cheese selection with more of a display and some fois gras.  Not that kibbi isn't also excellent, but I'd like you to indulge my stuffwhitepeoplelike attitude just a tad bit more please.  The store could also stand to have a couple hundred more square feet, perhaps filled with a nice wine selection.  There really aren't enough places to buy a decent Malbec in this town, maybe this place could be one?All in all, an excellent establishment that I will never be able to just walk past.  Surely one piece of baklava can't hurt me.
5	I can always count on World Harvest having whatever I need to make a special meal. Knowledgeable staff make great recommendations and know their merchandise.
5	I love this place.  They have expanded and it just keeps getting better.  They have a wide assortment of international foods, especially Indian, Mexican, Middle Eastern.  They have a great selection of olive oils, pasta, tea, jellies and jams, condiments, and candies.  Saturday is cheese and olive tasting and they have a wonderful selection of both.  Prices are very reasonable and the quality is high.  The owner, Mohammed, is a very friendly, kind, gracious, helpful man who is a pleasure to know.  I can't say enough good things about this store and its owner.  Go there.  Walk the aisles.  Sample the cheese and olives.  Stock your cart or basket with a wide array of goodies.  You will become a regular just as I have.
4	Check on expiration date... But otherwise awesome...They have a great variety of international food. Best place to get Argentinian food (Dulce de leche, yerba mate, masa de empenadas y tarta)...
2	While I certainly appreciated the variety of ethnic food that World Harvest offers, I was very disturbed to find two small dead worms on a box of Spanish rice I was about to buy (at first I thought it was two grains of rice which made me even more disturbed). That is just not acceptable for a grocery store. If you are going there, be sure to look over all of your items before purchasing.
4	Really nice clerks, and an outstanding selection of groceries and goodies from all over the world. Hundreds of olives and cheeses, chocolates and teas, pastas and spices. Always a must-visit when I visit Champaign.  Delicious baklava and lady fingers!
4	This place has stuff I can't get anywhere else and even has some gluten free flours & pastas. I came here looking for Besan (chickpea flour) and walked out with $30 in chocolate & olive oil in addition to the flour I was looking for.I have been back a couple more times for cheese and french soda.I love that I can get food I miss from my travels!
5	World Harvest is definitely my favorite import/specialty foods store in C-U. The staff is super friendly, the place is clean, and the prices are generally pretty reasonable. And the cheese...mmmm...the cheese. They have an awesome selection of cheeses, all of which they're happy to let you sample. Most importantly, they have Lurpak (a popular brand of Danish butter). Mmmmmm....butter.
3	This is a really neat store to browse, and if you're looking for a specialty ingredient you'll probably find it here.  However, consider other options before you actually buy something.  It's almost definitely cheaper elsewhere.  If you don't feel like shopping around or stopping at multiple stores to get what you need, just be aware that you're paying extra for the convenience of a one-stop-shop.  Also, check expiration dates.  I forgot to do so last time I shopped here, and ended up with some lovely stale food.  I do like to stop here and buy a few things as an occasional indulgence, but in general it's just too expensive.Their halva is fantastic, though--seriously, the best.
5	The freshest Feta cheese. The hugest selection of Thai and Indian grocery items. Nice/pretty/intelligent/ethnic/artsy girls behind the counter who elaborately answer every single dumb question that I invent about olives or cheese. This place makes dreams come true! I LOVE you World Harvest Foods!
5	If I lived in Champaign, I would be in trouble.  World Harvest is amazing.  Take every single ethnic market you can find and put them all together.  Add an olive bar, artisan cheeses, fresh baked breads, and all of the worldly chocolate you can handle (including kinder chocolate and Mozart balls) and you have World Harvest.  They not only have spices and dry noodles, but a large selection of frozen ethnic foods, a wall of balsamic vinegars and olive (as well as other) oils, ad did I mention the chocolates?They also had a bulk nut and dried fruit selection to choose from.  Jordan Almonds scare me... but I digress.The bakery items looked freshly made, and the staff was very friendly.  They will let you try any of the deli, cheese, or olive selections before you purchase.
3	i like world harvest.  i don't love it.  they have amazing baklava.  i mean... uh.maze.ing.  i could eat it all day long.  however, if you get the deli food... it's just... meh.  i got a couple falafel sandwiches that were promptly heated  up in a microwave.  the hummus has a strange flavor that i can't put my finger on.  i haven't eaten tuna in about 25 years, but honestly, this hummus tasted like tuna smells.  just kinda strange. i don't prefer it over other places in town.  i certainly wouldn't go out of my way to get it.the selection in this store is overwhelming.  any AND every kind of ethnic or health food is contained on these shelves.  if you can't find it somewhere else, you can probably find it here.  there is a wide selection of spices and dried beans and spices.  lots of gluten free alternatives for pasta and flour.  i was surprised by how many raw vegan things there were, actually.  however, one raw bar was almost $5, and even, raw "boutique" prices... $5 is kind of steep.  lots of things in here are on the expensive side.i would come in again if i need something unique that i couldn't find anywhere else, but this would not be my dedicated shopping site.  the service is super nice, though.
5	I think it is has  great selection and I felt welcome...I was given a hair care tip..mustard oil....very cool
5	Wow...Wow...  All I can say is I can't believe I didn't stop in sooner.  I've been in town for 4 years and just discovered World Harvest.The owner and staff are very welcoming and helpful, which shows that they take pride in their business.  There is a very extensive selection of food from all over the world, with a delicious looking deli/cheese selection as well.  I was able to find an Eastern European bread that I've been looking for, a great looking frozen Indian dish, and my favorite French biscuits, all in one trip.  Unlike some other places, this store is clean and well organized.  I really look forward to coming back again.
5	This place is where my love of cheese and wine is satisfied. It is also a great place to get delicious chocolate and olives. Me and my boyfriend are both a huge fan of this place. They also have a tasting on saturdays.
5	I'm here just to talk about the tea. OMG the tea. As an international food store, they have brands of tea that you won't find in a typical grocery store. The have a whole aisle just of tea. Both sides! And two end caps! There were so many brands and kinds that I had to remind myself that I can definitely come back, and no need to buy all the tea. The price ranged from $4-$8 for a box of 20 bags of tea. They had bulk tea, and about 8 specific tea flavors (not brands) were on sale. Unfortunately, none of those appealed to me, but I'll check back again!The owner is so nice! He chatted me up, asked me what I was studying, if I'm new to the area. Definitely made me feel welcome.
5	Absolutely the best selection of random imported foods you'll find in the C-U area, topped off with a friendly and helpful staff.  It's pricey for Champaign, but that's the nature of international foods hand-selected and accumulated just for you.Absolutely GIANT tea section, which has me in heaven every time I visit.  We used to go to the tea shop downtown, but World Harvest has them so woefully beat that we don't bother anymore (which honestly makes me a bit sad, as the tea shop is an institution in my memories growing up... I suppose that's where it'll live from now on).
5	Best selection of groceries in town, hands down. Tea, coffee, cheese, chocolates, olives, pickles, spices, gelato, marzipan. . . basically everything good in life can be found here in spades. AND the staff is incredibly kind and helpful (and remarkably good looking, taboot). I'm always pleasantly surprised when I stop in here, whether it's for a delicious treat or that hard-to-find ingredient. . . oh, and the baklava's devine.
4	Food is pretty expensive, huge variety though - always check the expiration dates they tend to have so much stuff that a lot doesn't get bought before they expire from my observation. Also just bought a box of cookies which were packaged separately inside - the seal on both packages was broken - they tasted good but just wanted to make people aware (Les Galettes Caramel de La Mere Poulard).
5	Now this is more like it! This store is full of amazing treats. Chocolate, cheese, frozen goods- everything you want, but don't really need, but will buy anyway! The owners/staffers here are so friendly and welcoming. On my first visit here, the owner invited me to come back the next day for a cheese tasting. It was like he had known me for years. All of my dearest friends know how much I love cheese! (for a more in-depth look at my life, click the link http://youtu.be/GxqycijBUn0 )They don't sell fresh meat or produce here- it's not that kind of store. This is your place for specialty items- treat yo self!
5	Travel the world in a little shop whether it be via cheese, chocolate, spices, teas, jams, or exotic drinks. Try the bulk bins for nuts, seeds, grains and spices if you need a little of something for a recipe but you don't want to buy a huge container of it.
1	This review pertains strictly to the menu.  The store itself is quite charming, and it does indeed have a variety of foods that are very excIting.  Based on other reviews, we stopped through to pick up lunch.  What an unfortunate mistake for us.  The menu features fairly-priced Mediterranean foods that sounded great.  We ordered the baba ganoush and falafel sandwiches and a vegetarian platter.  The falafel was microwaved and lost any texture it might have had when first prepared.  It had no distinguishable flavor.  The baba was so smoky, that I couldn't finish the sandwich.  Three bites overwhelmed my palette completely.  We had already purchased the dessert and gave them a shot, because they were aesthetically very pleasing.  Unfortunately, the birds nest was soft (so sad) and the date cookie was crumbled and poorly prepared.  I've never thrown away so much food.  Maybe we came on an off day, but based on our experience, my recommendation is to shut it down.  You've got a great store, why compromise your credibility with this food?
4	This place is a great retreat if you're looking for finer foods than the local campus fare. The ladies and gents at the counter are always willing to let you try a sample before you buy any of their pastries and cheese. They also make a mean baklava (with pistachios, to boot). My only critique would be that the Asian goods and foods are waaay overpriced. If you're willing to dig around a bit, there are some great Asian food stores in the area, like Am-Ko, Green Onion and Far East. Otherwise, I would definitely come here for the  luxury chocolate, cookies and organic sugar substitutes. A great little international shop, known especially for its Mediterranean food and knowledgeable staff.
5	Amazing store. From your general Western European candies and coffees to exotic Balkan relishes, it truly lives up to its name of 'World Harvest'. The cheese selection is amazing, and they have Basque-Pyrenees Ossau Iraty which alone is worth going for. Also they have a smattering of desserts, I tried some of the walnut baklava and it was as authentically turkish as it would get. Staff are all kind. Best.
