5	When we moved to the mainland 11 years ago, first thing we did was get a membership and boy was that a good deal.  Over the years, we have had to use their services on more than one occasion.  They have rescued me a few times, especially in the 100 degree temps we have here in Vegas.We also take advantage of the free travel information, like maps and tour books.  We go a lot and love to investigate the places we're going before we get there.  These maps and books help us do that.  This is a must have service for anyone, where you travel or not, first time you need a tire change or tow, they'll come to your rescue and you'll understand why it's worth it!
4	Gee~I forgot my Nevada & Arizona maps in my NorCAL home!  Doh~I need those maps!I thought AAA would be down the street from the South Point Casino, but the Fed-X Dude who currently makes deliveries where the old AAA Office used to be didn't know where AAA moved and when.So, I had to search and ask around where the Las Vegas AAA office moved, but nobody seemed to know at Grandview Resort.  I ran into a tow truck driver at the Arco Gas Station near Charleston heading towards Maryland Parkway and he told me that AAA is on Charleston up the road heading towards Red Rock Canyon . . . Way far away up that l-o-n-g road  . .  about seven miles or more!Ok~I drive up Charleston . . .twenty minutes later . . . Eureka!  I found AAA!  Yay!  I got my maps from the AAA Travel Specialist . . . now-I am armed planning my trip heading to the two Grand Canyons!
5	My wife and I wanted to show our grand-kids something that they have never seen or done. We went to our local AAA office and were greeted by a friendly and courteous professional who listened to what we wanted. She arranged both our lodging and all tours for the Grand Canyon and the train to and from the canyon. Everything went without a flaw. The accommodations were great and all the tours were just what we described to her. She was a true professional in this age of just getting by. Thanks AAA for taking a step above the rest and hiring the best people.
1	This review is for the Travel Agency department. I went to ask for information about a possible trip I was planning.My agent was all business and NO friendliness. NONE. She hardly even made eye contact after she kept me waiting 10 minutes after our appointment. I told her what I was looking for, she called someone, (I have no idea who), gave me the prices the other person quoted her. Then said if I had any other questions, that I would have to contact a fellow AAA agent because she was going to Australia and would be unavailable. When I asked for a copy of her notes, she seemed bothered. I guess I was expected to memorize the quotes she had given me. Needless to say--- I WON'T be booking with AAA travel any time in the future.
5	Been with AAA for almost two decades and I'm very satisfied with them! Jennifer our agent is awesome! She makes sure that we're taken care of! Thanks
1	Not satisfied at all with this service! I got a flyer in the mail about a membership, didn't pay it any attention. Since I was planning a trip to Disneyland with my husband and 4 year old son I thought I would see if they offered discounts on tickets. I called the local office and spoke to Keith. He didn't know if they did, so he put me hold to find out. He then came back on the line and said that if I bought the tickets at their office I would get a free parking pass. So, I bought a membership because I saw they other perks. I went on their website and saw that they offered a coupon book at the Galleria Mall. I went to the galleria mall and inquired about the coupon book at the customer service desk they informed me that they no longer do that. I was very dissatisfied with that. I then went the other day to buy the Disneyland tickets at the office, and was told that they only sold 2, 3 or four day passes. I was not told that by Keith when I talked to him on the phone that got me very frustrated. I then called to talk to a supervisor, the supervisor pretty much blamed me for the mistake I said I should've asked if they were two, three or four day passes. I told her that was not the appropriate way to handle the situation and that she was making excuses for her representatives. We argued for a few minutes on the phone. She then said she would check to see if there were any discounts available at Disneyland for one day tickets. And that she would call me back. It has been three days and I have not heard back from her. It seems to me as if they don't care and all they wanted to do was make a sale,and already twice I have been dissatisfied with perks that was supposed to be available with this membership. The only perk I am using at this point is a discount on the room for Disneyland trip.  But at this point the customer service does not even deserve one star!
1	This is the second time I have had bad service and the second time leaving a bad review. I called the office to inquire about their travel services. I got a voicemail of course. I was contacted later that evening and she told me that if I was purchasing airline tickets that there is a $40 charge! I said "well, just another reason to be dissatisfied with your services". She replied "it's not us, it's the airlines". Then hung up on me. No goodbye or anything! WOW great customer service!! I think it's about time for a refund for what I was ripped off with this membership!! Absolutely NO stars!!!
5	This review is for road side assistance. I called and spoke to a very respectable woman, as always. AAA roadside has always assisted me when I have locked my Keys in the car, needed a jump, or simply needed assistance on the side of the road. No matter what the city I'm in, from California to Nevada where I am now living, AAA has always sent out wonderful drivers to assist me. I have never had a problem with the service that they send to me along with the time it takes to arrive to me. Even if I'm in my friends car and we run out of gas, I know that I can rely on AAA. It's a wonderful service to have. I appreciate everything you do ! Thank you!
