5	I saw a new sushi restaurant and couldn't resist. It is FANTASTIC. The sushi was fresh and well prepared. The prices were very reasonable. I'll be back to do a more comprehensive review within a few weeks.
5	I'm always on the lookout for sushi on the west side of town... and this one is a winner. Combine a creative menu, generous servings, and affordable prices, and you've got a winner here. The owner and staff are extremely friendly and talkative, too - definitely a plus!
3	Ok westside sushi lovers, this place was just ok in my opinion. My wife & I love sushi so when we saw this new place we had to try it. They've been open for only 2 weeks now. My opinion is this: the cost for the sashimi is a bit high and the pieces were thin with a salty flavor.  The yellowtail cheek came out raw at first and we had to send it back for additional cooking.  We still prefer Sakana or Sushi Yuki for the cost and fish piece size.
4	Great environment and amazing staff !! the Sushi was great!  I eat Sushi 2-3 times a week and this will now be one of my spots.. The had some great roll.. Try the Cruz roll it was yummy and I'm picky about salmon it will make or break if i go and theirs was fresh and delicious.
4	Yellowtail sushi has the most amazing calamari app , so crunchy and crisp. Makes my mouth water. There sushi and other meals were also very tasteful. Great friendly service. I'm very happy with my service while visiting and that it is close to my house. It's hard to find good sushi places around Glendale.
5	Yellow Tail was fabulous.  The owner is a great guy and the real deal.  The sushi chefs were fantastic, well trained and responsive to any special request.  The Vegas roll, Dragon Roll, and 420 roll were suberb.  The soup was incredible and so wonderful.  I really like this place and you will too.
5	The service, the hospitality, the atmosphere and the food. Amazing!
5	Just moved near by and had to check this place out.We were sad to leave the area near Tokyo Lobby in Glendale which had great sushi but Yellowtail will be the new spot for us.Service -          We felt like we were friends at the restaurant not just customers.  Service was great!Food was as good as it gets -         We had the Teppan Chicken and it was just as good if not better than the many teppanyaki places around town.  You don't get the fun show but the food is VERY tasty!  We also tried the White Tuna sushi and OMG roll.  Both were gone in minuets.Atmosphere -            The atmosphere was the perfect blend between Fancy Sit Down and Family Friendly.We will be back very soon to our new local sushi sopt!
3	Not much to say about this place, it's decent and better than a lot of other places in the West Valley, but not the best.  The place is clean and service is good, food is okay but didn't "wow" me.  When we came in there was NO ONE in the restaurant, which kinda freaked me out since it was 12:30 in the afternoon.  We had the Fancy Lady, Tootsie, and Yellowtail roll (it's called Yellowtail sushi after all!).  The Fancy Lady was good at first and used fresh cuts of fish, but later noticed that the crab mix had a slight off-taste, kinda like they used seafood salad from Fry's or something.  The Tootsie was drenched in sauce, which some people like, and it was really salty.  The Yellowtail roll was fine but the yellowtail tasted fishy, even though the same fish was on the Fancy Lady which tasted fine.  We went during lunch and they served us Miso soup which was salty as well and had a weird initial taste, like plastic.  We got a chicken wing app. and it was the best part of the meal!  From the looks of their menu they have a lot of creative ideas and hopefully their  other rolls are really great!Overall it's a nice place and I like the idea of the Japanese/Thai fusion, prices are just like any other place.  Still recommend going to Sakana just on 59th and 101 if you don't mind driving 5 more minutes, but Yellowtail is worth a try!
5	Great atmosphere, sushi tasted great, and the customer service was excellent! I recommend sitting at the sushi bar.*order the extra spicy tuna*Will be returning with my wife on many more occasions.
5	Loved the sushi had lunch there and enjoyed each of the 5 rolls that we had. Very clean and great service. Fancy lady is our new favorite roll. We will be eating there again.
3	The goods:  Service,  by the servers and sushi chefs were good.  Happy hour sake & specials pretty reasonable.  The food:  Most of the sushi was just average and some was not good.  Overall I would go back, but only for a few items that you know will be good.  For a new place the decor could be much better.
4	Super happy to have a sushi place in the neighborhood! I've been there once and Livingsocial has a deal right now which I couldn't resist. Check it out - you pay $10 for $20 worth of food: http://t.livingsocial.com/deals/235346?ref=email-jp&rpi=47072500Needless to say, I bought it and will be back to try out some other rolls.Atmosphere is nice and customer service was excellent. Will def be back :
5	First time here I will be back food is great prices are reasonable live the decor I highly recommend
2	I wanted to venture out from Yen Sushi, my usual spot, and I'm disappointed I did. Yen Sushi (43rd ave.Bell) is so friendly and chill...On with the nightmare:The drink order (wine and beer) took a good 15 minutes, and the place was not crowded at all. Although I will say the food was pretty good, and my table was offered free apple saki samples, I will not return and here is why. 1) The table next to us was obviously way beyond drunk and the manager and waitstaff kept serving them, including free samples. I can only hope they took a cab home. 2) The music playing was very inappropriate for a restaurant. Although I love rap and hip hop, I do not think it is appropriate to play music which includes explicit lyrics. (Not to mention the drunk slobs next to us were yelling them out.). What if my children were there? This was not supposed to be a club scene. I told the waiter to tell the manager that we were offended by hearing "b*$%h" among other things. They changed the music right away, but LITERALLY the second we walked out of the door, they changed the music back.  I thought about emailing the manager, but the website has no contact email. So, if you like to go to a restaurant managed by teens who have no concern for customer service and their longevity in the Arrowhead community, go there.
3	The food was decent, sushi was pretty good, the servers were horrible, the chef/owner? was very nice and apologetic, the ice cream was good. i never got my roll. that about sums it up
5	Went here during spring training after a baseball game.  We were a large group but they accommodated us no problem.  The place was very quite at the time.  Unfortunately we were loud and rowdy.  Thinking about it now.  They were very patient with us.The food was fresh and tasty.  I think we ordered everything on the menu between the nine of us who went.  Everything was awesome.  The owner even came at the end of our meal and did sake shots with us.And to think my friend told us not to eat sushi in Arizona.  I say "bah".  Yellowtail Sushi is a great place to eat sushi.  Take it from a guy who lives in San Diego and eats sushi at least once a month if not more.  This place is a must if your in the Glendale area.
4	So far, the best sushi I've had since moving to the west valley a couple of years ago. The presentations are as nice to look at as they are delicious. The  dumplings were  good but the coconut shrimp was a bit hard and  rubbery. Service was terrific . The background music was a 90's rock mix which is alright by me but a wider and softer range of genres might appeal to more people. Kirin is served in very large bottles and the house saki isn't bad at all. Prices are reasonable and our group left happy.
5	The food at Yellowtail is great! I love that they serve not only sushi but also Chinese food, tepenyaki, and even American food.  They also have a great kids menu. Basically the whole family can go there even if some aren't sushi lovers.  Everything we've tried is delicious! The service there is friendly and helpful. The food comes out fast and they always make sure you are doing okay.  They also have a good Happy Hour menu with a lot of variety and $2 draft beer.   My whole family definitely recommends Yellowtail!
5	After leaving Bloom Salon next door to this place followed by a quick trip to the   then Verizon store on the end of the strip, I  noticed two women coming out of the restaurant with carryout boxes. From the sidewalk outside it's hard to tell that  there is a restaurant there.  Craning my neck, I looked up and saw the sign. The women said they liked it .So what the heck. I went in to grab a menu. I was met with an sit-down-and-order-now aroma coming from the kitchen. Behind the strip mall blandness and the busy road noise outside this place is a cool inviting sanctuary. The bar is nice as well. This is a Korean-owned restaurant and right away I though of those wonderful Korean spare ribs. But when I saw Calamari  on the Teppan menu I had to order it.  It was the best calamari I've ever had; big chunks of meat grilled with crisp edges and a tender interior.  The diner came with a broth soup (one of the best I've tasted) and the salad was excellent. These people really have seasoning down to an art.
1	Really?  This place is called Yellowtail and they don't have hamachi kama on the menu.  If I could give this place zero stars, I would.  The service was HORRIBLE and the food was just as bad.  Here's why:1)  It took an hour to get our food after ordering.  We saw some of our group's plates just sitting there for awhile before our waitress decided to bring them to us.2.  Our hot food was not hot anymore by the time it reached the table.3.  The waitress got my friend's order wrong.4.  The fish on our rainbow roll was not fresh.  It actually look "wilted" (for lack of a better term).5.  At the near end of our meal, my other friend still did not get her roll.  She was told it was going to be another 10 minutes since the twin volcano roll takes long to bake.  Really?6.  Some of our bills were incorrect (but thankfully no gratuity was added).7.  The waitress tried to guilt trip my husband about the $1 tip we left (it was actually $2...which she didn't even deserve and I wish we could take it back).8.  All this...and we were the only people in the restaurant.I'll never come back here.
5	CALAMARI STEAK! Went back for more of their delicious & hard-to-find-in-the-Valley grilled Calamari steak.  It is extraordinarily good as were their sauteed veggies. Hope they get store front signs because it's hard to tell there here. They're on a curvy-busy road so not easy to look while driving.
4	We came here on a whim, and glad we did. Last night, we watched Jiro Dreams of Sushi, a documentary on one of the best sushi chefs in the world, and suddenly, we had a craving for sushi, so it was convenient that we were driving by this place on the way back from CostCo. We've driven past this place several times, but never had a chance to try it out. Being a Sunday, the place was not crowded at all. Luckily it was happy hour (from 3-5pm), so sushi rolls were discounted as well as drinks. I asked for a Kirin Light, but our waitress said it was only available in a $5 bottle, so it would be a better deal for a $1 more to get the Sake bomb and get the extra beer plus sake. In the spirit of enjoying my lazy Sunday, I thought, "Why not?" and went for the sake bomb! A particularly unique roll that we enjoyed was the Lollipop Roll. I'm learning that it doesn't matter what sushi place we go to, specialty rolls all seem the same to me, just with different names. A Tootsie Roll may have shrimp tempura there while here, it was spicy crab with ponzu sauce instead. The Lollipop Roll took us by surprise because it was literally designed like a lollipop, the rolls were on sticks. It tasted really good as well!The Love Love Roll was pretty spicy, and I think that is due to the fact that it contains their spicy tuna, which was extra spicy within itself. You could actually see the large pepper flakes (the kind you sprinkle on your pizza) in the spicy tuna mix. My mouth was on fire! It's good thing I had sake and Kirin to cool it off! Despite the spiciness, the texture and taste of the tuna was pretty fresh, but I had to see for myself that this was true, so I proceeded to order nigiri - maguro (tuna), sake (salmon - not the rice wine), and unagi. Today, all were quite fresh. To further test our sushi experience, we asked if they had Uni (sea urchin) or Toro (fatty tuna). The waitress and chef said that they had neither. The reason was that most people do not order Uni or Toro or rarer types of sushi. They said that these types of sushi are more expensive and it goes to waste if people don't order them. However, they did redeem those explanations by saying if we called a few days in advance, they would make the effort to order/purchase Uni, Toro, or other types of fish ahead of time and prepare it once we planned to come in. Overall, they made our afternoon! We were very happy we got to try out their place, but I fear (from reading other reviews) that had we gone at busier times - persay a Friday or Saturday night, our experience might have not been as great as today. Because I like supporting local businesses and love that sushi is becoming more accessible on the "west side," we will continue to go here, because I'm curious to see if they continue to improve (which I really want them to) and continue to surprise us.
4	I had lunch here with a friend a couple of days ago and would love to go back for happy hour.  Especially since I hear that the happy hour is from 3:30pm until they close.  I hope that this is true!Well, my friend and I were the only ones in the restaurant for lunch.  But it was an awkward time for lunch anyway, 2:20.  We decided to share the mongolian beef and the yellowtail roll.  We also got soup to begin with.  I love the soup, so simple!   The mongolian beef was tender.  The sauce is a little on the sweet side, but a nice flavor.  The yellowtail was nice and spicy!  Service was great!I can't wait to go back!
4	Very good.  But when they say spicy, you must believe them.Nothing outstanding, just good sushi and sashimi.  Jo-Ann would like to see a better selection of tempura, boxes, etc.
5	Great the service is awesome! Recommend the miso soup, baked green mussels and the Louie Roll. Don't miss out  this is a must for anyone who likes Sushi!
2	This was my favorite sushi spot until they got rid of their reverse happy hour and started closin down whenever they want.
5	The owners of Yellowtail Sushi are extremely sweet; my bf and I went on a Sunday and surprisingly it was dead.  We really weren't sure why but it's a sin they do not get more business.  The food was delicious, the atmosphere was cozy, prices are right in line, and (most importantly) happy hour specials ALL-DAY Sunday through Thursday.  I highly recommend Yellowtail Sushi if you are aching for some tasty food!
5	I've never been a fan of sushi for the 29 years of my life but since I've gone to yellow tail... Sushi is all I want to eat and crave for!!!!  We ALWAYS get the dragon roll, tootsie,  Louie and my FAVorite.... The New Orleans roll! Omg. TO-die-FOR! What's even better (if possible) is the customer service. The bar tenders to the waitress to the sushi chief to the owner..  All greets you as you walk in the door and thanks you before you leave.  I love that. Ro... Is our server and she's awesome!!!  Cat also took good care of us before so we like her too! Anyway bottom line... I wish I could afford to eat sushi all days of the week. But I will only eat it here cause no one else compares!  BEST SUSHI IN TOWN!!!!!
5	Go.  We loved it.  They have food for kids (orange chicken and chicken nuggets), and awesome sushi.  The owner Ken is generous, funny and a good local owner.  Go, go, GO!!!! So much better than other local joints - like squid sushi up the road.Sushi is decent, drinks were good and you are patronizing a locally owned business that the owner ACTUALLY works as the sushi chef/grill.
5	1. The staff is very personable. Ken, Ro and Cat always make me feel like a regular. It's nice when you just aren't another body and they wanna get you in and out.2. It's never packed and I really LOVE that! You can actually hear someone talk, have good conversation, not feel rushed, relax and enjoy yourself.3. The food is good. I always order the veg tempura with a side of spicy mayo, the golden avocado or the orange chicken. 4. It's a good place to go if you are solo. Sit at the bar, they have multiple tvs and the fights are usually on.5. It's kid friendly!
5	This is becoming my favorite local sushi joint. I have been a handful of times and never had a bad experience. The owner is extremely generous and even gave us a free glass of beer at the end of the meal as a thank you for coming in on our last visit. I have seen him many times come out of the kitchen and greet the customers to make sure they are having a great dining experience. The sushi is always fresh and they have a very nice selection of special rolls. I like that you receive a bowl of miso soup at the beginning of the meal at no charge. A great addition to the experience as I usually don't care to spend $3-4 on a bowl of broth at other sushi restaurants. And theirs is one of the best misos I've had. The wait staff is nice, friendly, and personable. I have been for week day dinners, late lunches and there's not usually more than 3-4 tables occupied. I think this has to do with the location and time of day that I visit, but I will spread the word and hope more sushi lovers will give it a try!
5	Yellowtail is a hidden gem! The sushi is excellent and fresh. I especially like the Love Love roll and it is SPICY! love the Love Love roll? That just sounds funny.The beef yaki soba is one of the best I have ever had and the golden avocado is the stuff romance novels are made of.And the icing on the cake is Ken (the owner) is SUPER nice. He always comes out to say hello and ask us how the food was. Last time he brought out a ice cream sunday for my boy. Well played sir!Definitely on my list of favorite places to eat.
3	Decent sushi, but on the expensive side since the portions were a bit skimpy. Would be all right for happy hour, but was a bit much for a dinner. The sushi was good, if a bit inconsistent. The tempura was perfectly done, as was the batter. The salmon rolls were average, the Yellowtail tuna rolls were bleh (says hubby), the cinco de drinko rolls were awesome, but the sauce they drizzled over them way way too heavy for such delicious fish. The coconut martini was good, but a bit on the pricey side. The beef sashimi was good, but too peppery for my taste.
4	Cool spot. Great happy hour prices. The tootsie roll is badass! g
3	Not feeling this place at all.Now that I have got that off my chest let me elaborate.There are many sushi places between my house and this house, and I have eaten at a majority of them. I am not a super snob when it comes to sushi but I know what I like and what I expect when going to most sushi places.The sushi was decent. It wasn't anything I would have to stop and write a yelp review for immediately. The salmon roll was a wee bit TOO sticky for my taste, and the tempura battered Las Vegas Roll was slightly chewy.It was extremely pricey, and the portions were smaller than what I am used to.The server was OK, she could have been more attentive, but she certainly wasn't rude. We didn't have to wait for our table, and the wait time for our food was minimal, drink refills alluded her on occasion.Decent service, decent menu selection, but over all waaaay to pricey on their rolls. All in all I probably wont make the drive here when Yen is closer.
4	Ken is a great sushi chef.  In fact he showed me how to roll sushi.  I am forever grateful and glad that I never plan on becoming a sushi chef. I will leave the rolling to the experts.  Besides I rather just eat it then make it. :)Yellowtail is situated right by LA. Fitness so when your done working out load up on the calories you just burned off on the treadmill.  Fresh, delicious sushi and great happy hour specials.  I did enjoy some glasses of Blue Moon at only $3 bucks each.  Ken is glad to entertain and show a large group how to make sushi if you have enough people.  I am glad I attended, I now have an appreciation for the work that goes into making sushi.  If you are by the Arrowhead mall and have a sushi craving, Yellowtail is a must stop local.
4	Nice place. Very attentive staff and a fun owner who makes you feel like an invited guest. The sushi is fresh and tastes great. Fun staff and a good happy hour. I will be back!
3	We tried Yellowtail on recommendation from a friend. It was decent, but pricey. I just wasn't wowed at all though. Sushi places are common, and this one wasn't exactly close to home. Service was okay, the food was okay, nothing was wrong with anything really. Maybe if we had gone for happy hour I may have been more excited about everything.They weren't bad at all, just mediocre. I just don't have any real reason to return when I have has better experiences elsewhere for the same price. If this happens to be the most convenient sushi place near you, by all means give them an honest shot.
3	Food is great, however the ambiance is terrible.  I don't understand why Japanese restaurants think that they need to have a television in the dining room. The yellowtail plays loud music making conversation very difficult The last time we were going there to eat they had loud rap music playing, we turned around and left.
4	This is my new sushi Joint.  I used to like kawaii a lot but it is to far from where I am now.  The service is cool.  I even recommended they start doing 3.00 fireball shots and they did.  Good sushi is hard to come by in AZ...  This place in California would be so so but its good for here.
4	Have eaten here several times, the sushi is always good and fresh. The happy hour rolls are good and affordable. I will continue going back.
1	This place is an absolute joke of an establishment.  Not only was the staff as unaware and disrespectful as an over-tired toddler, but the cuisine screamed E. coli.  If you enjoy the company of people who act/look like they were just released from prison this is surely the place for you.  I was appalled that I actually give money to this disgraceful disaster of a business.  By far one of the most revolting experiences in dining I have ever had.    DO NOT GO HERE!!
4	Visited Yellowtails last night and had a great time as usual. The sushi is always spot on, great sashimi, very fresh. Ken, the owner, makes everyone feel at home and the waitresses are cool too. Good happy hour where the Saki Bombers flow. Can't go wrong with this place.
4	Great place to pop in and grab some sushi & a beer--very friendly staff (always), good prices and the food is exactly what you would expect--fresh and fast. Highly recommend.
2	This was my third visit in the last year to this particular restaurant.  While the sushi is good, the service is terribly slow.  It took over 30 minutes to prepare 4 rolls and there were only 4 patrons in the restaurant.  The menu selection is very good with standard sushi, sashimi, and rolls.  They have an extensive specialty roll menu.  The Cinco-de-Drinko roll is exceptional.If you have time to kill and don't mind waiting for your food, Yellowtail Sushi might appeal to you, but I won't be back.  There are too many other Sushi restaurants with better service.
5	I am pretty new to this whole sushi thing. I have never liked fish. Someone suggested that I try sushi, that maybe I would enjoy raw fish. Yeah, like that makes any sense. Well now I want to try to eat fish because it is healthy. Blah blah blah. So I try fish again, still not feeling it.There is this movie Hiro Dreams of Sushi. I watch it and it intrigues me. So I grab my 13 year old daughter and say let's try something new. So we show up at Yellowtail after reading reviews. Big thing I look for no food poisoning. I am not as concerned about service because I feel service is what you make of it. We do a couple of rolls (jazz roll and something with avocado) and for fun we dare each other to do the salmon nigiri. What has been my problem all these years. The waitress was wonderful. I told her we were new to sushi. She made us comfortable and helped make suggestions and......and oh my gosh what a great first time. So I know we are new at this but oh my goodness now I crave it.  I have been to a few more sushi places based on reviews from multiple forums and I just had to come back. I have food allergies and the saddest one of all is avocado. This place has more options for me. Most recently we went and got the cowboy and jazz rolls along with tuna and yellowtail nigiri. I was hoping to get my craving out of the way for a couple of weeks. Nope now I want to go back and eat more. So my biggest problem with the place is I keep wanting more. The only thing I need now is some hot and sour soup. I know that might be sacrilegious but even though I have enjoyed their miso the best I really would live some hot and sour with my rolls. I don't know if this helps anyone make a decision about going here. I am converted and totally want some sushi right now.
5	Our favorite Sushi place in the West Valley... Caliente Roll is awesome. Calamari is also a great appetizer.
1	I love sushi, and the sushi here tasted good, but- myself and my boyfriend got sick after eating here.  We ordered the "white tuna" sashimi, and a handful of rolls and nigiri.  After leaving, we learned that "white tuna" does not exist, it is either albacore or escolar (snake mackerel).  While everything tasted great, something did not sit well.  Many of our symptoms are in-line with escolar-induced keriorrhea, but seem to go beyond that.  This experience has made me think twice about going out for sushi again in the future.
5	The sushi is delicious and it's now my new favorite place!  Must try the Love Love roll and the Swagzilla roll.  The owner, Ken, is awesome and very accomodating.  He even prepared my takeout order outside of normal business hours!  Dine in and you'll truly have a wonderful experience.  The service is great and the food even better.  All sauces are made in-house and taste so good.  They have a pretty decent happy hour with both food and drink specials as well as daily specials.
4	I come here every once in a while when I'm shopping at arrowhead mall. I always come in during lunch. Waiting for table is minimal. Drinks are quick and refills are quick and then some visits not so quick. Food is good, but the portions like everyone is saying are smaller then most sushi places I have been to. It's a little pricey but aren't all sushi places. The decor is what is cool and interesting to look at. Service has been great every time I have come in. Sometimes the server or chef forgets something that happens to all of us. Overall it's a good place for sushi.
5	Not a huge fan of sushi, but the Cowboy roll is delicious, and the BBQ pork is the best I've ever had!
5	We love it here.  They treat us like family.  Great food, great menu, great prices.  Good quality sushi.  Awesome with kids, good atmosphere for family, but not overwhelmingly so - we go here for date night too.
5	Best sushi place period"."!!!! We are what you call regulars Dragon Roll is the best in town!! The staff is the business ken is the man we bring people here and always shows them a good time I rate this place 10 stars and trust me I come here over twice a week! I made a yelp account just to rate this place!!
5	Great sushi.....name says it all "Yellow Tail". Came in to celebrate my daughters graduation from college and the staff (Cat) was amazing.
5	Great miso soup, the salad is also great. The sushi is the best in the west valley.
5	What a great place and best customer service! My wife and I came in just before closing and they said no problem. The sushi is great and large portions. The owner Ken is totally cool and our waitress too. Thank you Yelp people, you have not failed us yet.
5	I didn't know what to expect at first when I came to this little restaurant. When I walked in I was amazed at how nice this place was. The servers where helpful, friendly, and the waiters where fast at getting the requests out. The food was excellent and well prepared and looked good while tasting better. This place hasn't let me down yet and in tell then this place is the place to go!
4	Great food and wait staff are very friendly!
5	This is by far my best sushi restaurant I continually keep coming back to. Their Dragon roll and Diablo roll are to die for. Waiters Beau and Cat are Absolutely the Best.  If you want good atmosphere and Great Food this is the place.
4	Stopped by on a Sunday evening to both treat myself and to try something new, and let me just get it out of the way now by saying it was exactly what I was looking for!When you walk in the door, the bar area sits off to your right and the dining to your left. I kinda just stood there and looked around being it was my first time and there was no one to greet you or at least there wasn't when I walked in. Just a stand with your menus and sushi sheets and a board with all of today's specials and ongoing specialty items. I figured it was kinda self explanatory at that point... just grab & go.Upon immediately sitting down,  I was greeted and placed a drink order.  I personally enjoy having a drink order placed being it takes me no more then 5 seconds to decide... and I like to take my time while looking over the menu at places I'm not a regular at per say. After I got my drink I asked him (I believe his name was Daniel as well) if he had any favorites or recommendations I should steer towards before evening taking a peek at the menu. I was told the '420 Roll' and 'Swagzilla Roll" were two of his personal favorites and fairly popular as well. I decided that was good enough judgement to kick things off and took sides with the Swagzilla Roll. (Look at the menu for all the fixings to make these creatively titled rolls)Shortly after the order was placed I was brought a cup of miso soup. very delicious I will say. I'm not one to ever make a big deal about some free miso before a meal but I did finish this cup in no time and was actually wanting more before my sushi came out.. but I refrained from saying anything, haha. Swagzilla Roll came out looking killer! Great size being there specialty rolls aren't real cheap. Originally thinking about doing 3 rolls I settled with only doing one more and actually tried the 'Cruz Roll'. I personally though the Cruz was MUCH better, and for being a spicy mayo/spicy sauce and jalapeno topped roll... it wasn't too spicy what so ever (I could actually see that being a complaint from someone wanting a very spicy roll)2 Rolls and I was set, didn't get the chance to try any dessert but defiantly will be back based off my first visit! Very good service, water actually was refilled consistently rather than just when it was completely empty. Rolls didn't take too long for the complexity of what they were, and the atmosphere was ambient and relaxing after a long day!
5	Food 5, service 5, and ambiance 4. The vegas roll was more traditional than most which I enjoyed. Everything tasted fresh.
5	Love this place! Ken the owner is always accommodating to my picky order. Waitress: Kat always on the ball! Prices are great.
4	Checked this place out today for lunch after several recomendations from friends.  I didn't have any sushi so no report on that, but I did however have some AMAZING short ribs.  They had some great drink specials but do to having to go back to work I couldn't partake so after work Happy Hour is coming soon.  Very clean spot great service and everyone I was with had great meals so this will be part of my sushi rounds from now on.
5	love this place, the food is great, the owner gets to know you.  I walk in and the owner always comes to my table to chat. remembers me and what we have talked about.  This place is fantastic.  Best sushi on this side of town!
5	Best place I have found in the Phoenix area been trying everywhere the past year. Yellowtail is without question the best for sushi rolls thus far. Although the waitress seems like she needs a energy boost.
5	We tried this out one day after being disappointed by our regular place the last two visits. Yellowtail is awesome! The waitress we had was super cool, very informative about what rolls we should try. The owner came by to chat with us about our meal and let us know if we didn't like anything we could trade it out. I like that he gets to knows his customers. Very cool. The Swagzilla and Cruz roll were amazing. We also tried the 420 roll but it wasn't my thing. My daughter loved the macaroni and cheese roll, which is cool they have that due to so many kids wanting mac n cheese everywhere they go, haha. I would most definitely recommend this place to any sushi lover.
5	This is our favorite Sushi place in the Glendale/Peoria area.  For some reason this place is rarely busy during lunch on the weekends.  Extremely fresh and tasty.
5	forget the others Yellowtail is where it's at Ken is awesome Kat is always a friendly face. My favorite little sushi spot
4	WOW!  This place was so much fun and the sushi was delicious!  We sat at the sushi bar and chatted with the chef and the owner of the restaurant.  We ordered omakase style, and while they weren't super fond of it, we got a gorgeous plate of fish and a roll.  I had a coconut martini and a blue drink and they were fun and fruity.  The service was great, very friendly and helpful!  We can't wait to go back.
1	I wouldn't know how is the sushi since it didn't come 40 minutes after we ordered it (by walking up to the waitress and handing her the paper, cause she wasn't coming to take that order) and I couldn't wait any longer. I saw some other people leave before us because no one came to take their order for a while. another couple was sitting there before we got there and didn't get any food until we left. We did get one entree 25 minutes after we ordered it and that was good....Not sure what was going on over there - there didn't seem to be a manager; just 3 waiters, 2 of which seemed like they' are trying to work and the third waitress seemed like she couldn't care less, even when we told her that we are leaving.
4	This is good sushi and especially good for the west side of town.  Very fresh.  They have blue fin once a month at a great price which is hard to find at other sushi restaurants.  Sushi chefs are friendly and helpful.   Also great atmosphere for watching sports etc.  Definitely recommend as the alternatives in the area absolutely don't compare in food quality.
2	I made the mistake of ordering a steak in a sushi place. They had several steaks on the menu and I ordered the NY strip. I imagine my surprise when it came out and it wasn't a strip at all. It was 15 little half burned meat nuggets instead. I was so surprised I asked the waitress just to be sure that I had gotten the strip and not the Mongolian BBQ also on the menu. She assured me that it was indeed the strip. I took 3 bites and started eating of my husband's sushi and sashimi platter.The tuna roll was amazing. Delicate flavors all melting together, omg yum. The sushi was fresh and tasty too. Why two stars if the sushi was fresh and fantastic? Because they named their restaurant Yellowtail Sushi and STEAK, and my $24 steak was inedible.
5	The server Kat was awesome. The sushi is great. They also have a really nice selection of rolls. Great specials offered through the week. My children loved the teppan from the kids menu. Yes a kids menu which is hard to find in sushi restaurants. This is our new go to place for sushi.
4	This is my local sushi joint.  I love to run in here when I'm in a rush, they have quick service and I know many of the staff.  Some of my favorites include the Sawzilla and Philly Rolls.
5	We love love love this place - the service is excellent, they all know you when you walk in, I love the Jalapeno poppers (they aren't what you think), I love the spicy tuna rolls - yes all of them.  I go here whenever I am in town (which is once a month).  We usually have a large party and they always move tables round to accomodate us.  The fish is fresh as can be, and the sauces are CREATIVE! Go and enjoy!
5	This place is awesome.   Great sushi.   Good variety of rolls.   Ask for the poke salad it was awesome.   Good happy hour before 6.
5	Avid sushi lover...took my 13 year old daughter..also a sushi lover...and had a fantastic meal! Server was friendly, helpful and speedy. Sashimi was fresh, rice was perfect and they had uni which is hard to find up to my freshness standards if even available! Will definitely return!!
4	I've only been here once, but so far so good.I ordered two rolls: The Rainbow roll and something else (forgot the name)Everytime I go to a new sushi restaurant, I get the rainbow roll to judge the freshness of the raw fish. This restaurant has high quality, fresh raw fish and I was not disappointed. It was DELICIOUS. The only downside is the price is a little higher than most places I go to. But, I guess you get what you pay for :)ALSO, I'm not happy with the "special" Uni they offered. They called it "Blue Uni." No, it's not blue. It's only referring to the "grade" of the uni. Had I known that, I wouldn't have bought it. Well, we paid $17 for a little pile of uni. Taste was good but WHAT A RIP OFF!!! I had "blue" uni before at Sushi Catcher for the regular price... except I didn't know it was called "Blue uni" at the time (maybe Yellowtail made up that absurd name?). When Sushi Catcher was still owned by KC, he was VERY GENEROUS with his uni. I could get the same amount of uni Yellowtail gave me for only $8 at Sushi Catcher vs. the $17 Yellowtail ripped me off for.
4	Ordered yellowtail carpaccio, buffalo roll and caliente roll. All were yummy and fresh. Great service too
5	The food was great, I recommend trying the 420.  The customer service was also really great! My boyfriend & I will be back.Keyia
5	Always accommodating & friendly.  We bring our kids & they love it too.  If you prefer lo-carb, order the Lollipop Roll - Yum!Great, fresh food!
5	Took the family here Sunday night. We had incredible service and the food was excellent. My wife has been here several times for their great happy hour offerings. If you love great service, a friendly staff and excellent food then this is the place for you!
4	Great place and friendly service!  Had the steak teriyaki plate and a vegas roll, no complaints on either!
