3	My first and second experience have not been that great.  I had to come here because of treatment in progress and the other office on Ocotillo unexpectedly closed.  The dentist is nice, however this offices communication is not great.  They made me an appoint and then I sat for 2 hours because they could not get my information from the Ocotillo office that closed.  My 21 y/o son brought my 14 y/o son in for his checkup/cleaning (the 21 y/o has guardianship), I had the day before explained this to the office staff that called to confirm the appt. and to ask about what forms I would need since I was not there.  When the boys got to the office it was a hassle for them to be seen, the office wanted me the parent there, did not believe my eldest had guardianship, they wanted proof.  It did get worked out and my youngest was seen, but again had to wait almost 2 hrs to get it worked out. Angie the hygienest is fantastic (from Ocotillo office) and she just might be the only one that keeps me going back.  I will continue treatment here as it is in progress, but might find another dentist if they don't work out their office issues.
5	Some of the nicest people I've met at a dentist office.  I found them through a google search when my wisdom teeth started giving me issues, and they were able to get me in fairly quickly (the first appointment I made had to be canceled since Dr. Shin was sick).  They really care for their patients, and it shows.  I called them to get my medication changed since I had an adverse affect to it, and they did all the work for me to get it changed.  No having to go over there to pick up another script while I'm in severe pain from getting all three wisdom teeth pulled from my face.  I would highly recommend them to anyone who is looking for a great dentist who is dedicated to making you feel confident about your smile. :D
1	My experience has been awful!  I had to come here because of treatment in progress and the other office unexpectedly closed.  The offices communication is not great.  They made me wait for an appoint and then I sat for hours because they could not get my information from the office that closed.  The final topper is they sent me to collections due to discrepancy between prior dentist payments and theirs. I tried to call and resolve once I saw they destroyed my perfect credit, but they still wouldn't remove.  Beware they will ruin your life and your credit!!!!!
1	this is the absoultely worst dentist office i have ever been to in my life. your first visit is nice. after dr. shin does his damage the customer service keeps getting worse. the dentist does not return phone calls and really shows that he does not geniunely care about the customer. i went in to get fillings in my teeth, cleaning, and consultation for invisgnline. while viewing my x-rays dr. shin found that i needed to have a root canal. even though that was not what i came in for he forced his recommendation on me and convienced me to get the root canal that wasnt casuing me any pain. i trusted his opinion and got the root canal but he never fixed the fillings or other services iintially came in for.  this place is a scam because they didnt do want i wanted, they did a service that would bring them the most money. my root canal was done in janurary 2014. in october 2014 i started to have major pain in the tooth dr. shin did the root canal on. i went into see him again and he told me there was nothing he could do for me and referred me to a specialist. so he messed up the work he did on me and then brushed me off to a different specilist because he isnt qualified to fix his screw up. his answer to me about my pain was that he wasn't sure why i was in pain and he is only trained in general dentistry. there was also a mix up with them losing my payments and i was sent to collections due to their error. this is the worst dentist in mesa he does not know what he is doing and i would not refer any friends or family to them because it's not smiles on southern its more like hell on southern. i asked dr.shin to give me a call and he does not return phone calls. when i call him back all of a sudden he is out of the office. these people do not care about their clients they only want your money. please do not give smiles on southern your business because you will truly regret it like i do. i will be also writing the better business bureua because this man shouldnt even be able to be a dentist. he does not care for his patients he only cares about his payday.
2	this is the absolutely worst dentist i have ever been to in my life. your first visit is nice. after dr. shin does his damage the customer service keeps getting worse. the dentist does not return phone calls and really shows that he does not genuinely care about the customer. i went in to get fillings in my teeth, cleaning, and consultation for invisaline. while viewing my x-rays dr. shin found that i needed to have a root canal. even though that was not what i came in for he forced his recommendation on me and convinced me to get the root canal that wasnt causing me any pain. i trusted his opinion and got the root canal but he never fixed the fillings or other services initially came in for.  this place is a scam because they didnt do want i wanted, they did a service that would bring them the most money. my root canal was done in January 2014. in october 2014 i started to have major pain in the tooth dr. shin did the root canal on. i went into see him again and he told me there was nothing he could do for me and referred me to a specialist. so he messed up the work he did on me and then brushed me off to a different specialist because he isnt qualified to fix his screw up. his answer to me about my pain was that he wasn't sure why i was in pain and he is only trained in general dentistry. there was also a mix up with them losing my payments and i was sent to collections due to their error. this is the worst dentist in mesa he does not know what he is doing and i would not refer any friends or family to them because it's not smiles on southern its more like hell on southern. i asked dr.shin to give me a call and he does not return phone calls. when i call him back all of a sudden he is out of the office. these people do not care about their clients they only want your money. please do not give smiles on southern your business because you will truly regret it like i do. i will be also writing the better business bureau because this man shouldnt even be able to be a dentist. he does not care for his patients he only cares about his payday.
