5	CUTE CUTE CUTE semi-costume/semi-fine jewelry (rhodium and Swarovski crystal). Lots of dangle-y earrings, necklaces and charm bracelets - their fine jewelry kicks ass, too; but it wasn't that kind of spree...I got the bee suite - I could have bought out the case if left to my own devices.
5	Well, some of the items in Las Vegas' Dio Boutiques may be last season or even the seasons prior because it's not exactly Rodeo Drive or the South Coast Plaza.  I mean think of Vegas and think of the red necks that live around the area.  You think they can really afford high quality designer goods for top dollars?  I don't think so.  It's not LA or NY or Paris or Milan, etc...  So yes, they'll have the ugly saddle bags and tassels everywhere.  With that said, I went to this Dior knowing that I was going to find a hot deal.  The day prior, I walked by after losing four bills from gambling and was too depressed to even step foot into the boutique.  Later that night, I won back all my money and knew that if I didn't go shopping with it, I'd loose it all again...so, I hurried my lil ass over to the Forum Shoppe and found a great pair of 600 puppies for 40% off :) Woooohoooo!  The sales rep, I think her name was Stella, was very helpful.  The shoes didn't come in my size, so she called around until she found em' at Caesear's Palace.  The reps at this location seemed friendlier than the ones at Caesear's.  I didn't care...I'm not the one working retail...so I walked up to one of em snooty reps, gave em' Stella's card so she gets the commission and took my hot pair of brown suede Diors home.
1	Wen I went with my family to Vegas, me and my sis decided to explre the Bellagio, at the time my sister's birthday was fast appraching and I wanted to get her something nice. So we walked in to Christian Dior. I walked out for a bit, to take a phone call, and my sis continued browsing. She walked out crying because not one but TWO employess snubbed her, because she was wearing a Coach purse (So DUMB!). I went in, and asked to speak to the manager, who just happened to be a dumb dumb blonde. I asked if the store was commissioned based, and she said yes. I told her she just lost her comission for the day because I was gonna buy my sis a purse of her liking. And that's when she started to be nice to her. FInd another store, Dior ain't worth bitchiness.
1	Okay I am a huge fan of CD and I went to Paris to buy the latest bags.  When I came home I noticed that I had been getting a weird stain on my shoulders.  So when I was in Vegas by chance, I stopped in to ask them about my purse.  They actually had the AUDACITY to tell me that Oh.. yah that happens A LOT, it's a GLOSSING issue.  I said, okay can we resolve this problem.  She said, "Sure, if you pay a few hundred bucks we will ship it back to the manufacturer fix it and then ship it back."  I was like umm but this is YOUR company's FAULT.  That was the answer I got.  I dropped a couple of thousand dollars on a worthless bag and they dare tell me that I have to pay more to have it fixed! ARE YOU KIDDING ME!!! I think if you pay over 1k or even half that price, they need to make sure the product is actually good.  LV gives MUCH BETTER SERVICE! I am soooo MAD! I still like some of their bags, but I will never buy them again if they are going to stain my clothes and I will have to pay them to have THEM fix THEIR PROBLEM! DON'T BUY CD! HORRIBLE BRAND! SHODDY QUALITY! BAD SERVICE!
1	Are you f'in kidding me?  Let me tell you something CD salesgirl, if for one second you think that your retail job compares financially or mentally to my education and career you are detrimentally mistaken you stupid bitch.  So, I'm in Vegas and when I'm in Vegas there's a few things I do...1.  Eat at Shibuya - have Kani and Summer Snow Sake2.  Shop at the Forum3.  Drink like a sailorSo it was my shopping day and I'm totally chillin in my shopping attire...kitten heel flip flops, jeans, and a regular top...with a FENDI bag (which I've NEVER had an issue with).  There's a little black purse that I just saw online and wanted to pick it up from CD until this stuck-up Asian saleswoman screwed the sale.  I waited by the purse looking around as a signal for HELP Please...as I watched the staff hang out...stand around...walk around...help other people, etc.  Finally I decide, you know what...I'm just going to approach them, buy the damn purse, be happy and be on my way.  When I approached the dumb broad she says to me, "Which one?" with a sarcastic undertone....I pointed to it and she says, "Oh that's $1,750..."...I stood there...looked at her....she said nothing....I give her the eye and she walks away.  So I blew up!  So while I was walking out I made sure that everyone could hear the following, "I can read prices you uneducated idiot, unlike you I don't work retail for Christian Dior, I BUY IT, and I asked you to package the bag not price it...there's your meals for a month bitch...off to FENDI!"  I'll never buy another CD bag due to the reviews I've recently read about poor quality and the poor customer service.  WOW! Unbelievable!
3	I strolled into this store during my all day excursion in The Forum Shops.  I had been in Vegas for 4 days already and I refuse to get dolled up so people will greet me in Christian Dior.  FLIP FLOPS AND ED HARDY TEE...that's all you get from me during the day after drinking insanely and getting home at 9 am.   I agree wholeheartedly that the employees were EXTREMELY SNOTTY!  I was funny to me so I just kept shopping.  I was determined to get my shades....their funky little attitudes weren't stopping me.  I looked around for awhile and no one greeted me.  Until an asian chick came out of the back.  She was very nice and patient.  EVEN THOUGH THEY WERENT HELPING, THE WOULDN'T TAKE THEIR EYES OFF OF US.  It was so odd.  Well I got my Strassy's and bounced up outta there.  Come to find out....I overpaid 100-150 dollars.  Depending on what shades Dior comes with, I probably wont shop there unless she helps me.  I need to get her name.  But she has since emailed me and send me a note in the mail asking if I was satisfied with my purchase.  I thought that was nice.
3	The Associate that helped me was named Erica.  SHE IS AWESOME...  Ask for her if you go into this store.  Otherwise, I cannot guarantee that you will be treated appropriately.  Do they understand that it's still RETAIL, regardless of how high end or pricey it is?  If I spend another dime there, it will be with her.
5	I was like a kid in a candy store and I thank Eduardo the sales rep for finding the perfect size 38 Constellation boots. Next time I'm in Las Vegas those boots will be mine :))) FYI: They take over the phone payments from another party that doesn't have to be present. I love that!
5	I love Dior, and I love this location.  I will be coming here from now on, if you want to know read my review on the location at the forum shops.  I came here after a long and tiring episodes at cesar's trying to get my second choice shoe.Alas, in an effort to save time, I stopped into the Bellagio location and boy was I happy I did.  Upon entering I was offered water ( was not offered any at Cesar's) and was immediately helped with everything I needed.  The sales associate offered great advice on my purchase and was helpful with all of my questions.  This was such a relief given that I had been treated terribly by another associate at the forum shops.  Sadly, I saw two or three other pairs, but as a result of my previous experience did not have time to try on.Great store, friendly staff, I will come back again. I forget the name of my sales lady but her #768, so if a manager reads this please give her good feedback :)
5	I love this store.  Not only for the merchandise, but the sales people were truly courteous, professional and helpful here as well.  A friend and I wandered in here after some shoes in the window caught our eye.  We wandered in to try them on.  While we were there, the salespeople offered us a drink and were so knowledgeable and helpful.  They didn't have my size, so they quickly found the shoe in my size at another location and offered to have it transferred over to this store in 2 hours.  We came back later to try on the shoes again and we both ended up buying a pair.  The whole shopping experience was so luxurious, we truly felt pampered by the sales staff, even as we hemmed and hawed for a loooong time on whether or not to buy the shoes.  No pressure and no rush! It was so much fun and the salespeople were so cool, I will definitely come back again next time I'm in Vegas.
5	so I needed a birthday present for my best guy, and true to form I was doin' it at the last minute.   I had just finished with a client who recorded a show on location at the Bellagio and saw a cute skirt in the window at Dior.  I immediately felt bad as I walked in a even considered buying something for myself and his birthday was only a day away.  The salesman ( I use the "man" aspect lightly) was immediately interested in fixing my plight and started rattling off ideas.... Her (I mean his) best idea came out of the clear blue when he said you should just buy a bikini....no, just buy these bottoms.   Well, I have never had a better thank you for a gift I gave.   All I had to do was wear the bottoms just as the designer must have imagined.  Thanks Dior, for my happy bf, and for my new shopping buddy, .   And not just because of  the Dior discount!
1	It seems like I've always had bad luck with Dior. I ordered a pink new lock pouch from NY boutique , the bag arrived with a minor damage so I returned back to the boutique with no problem.I then ordered the exact same bag from Las Vegas boutique on May 9th , the bag arrived on May 15th . The bag did not came with a box , only a dust bag . (Manager explained to me the clutch does not come in a box, but the one from NY did ) Then on the right side of the bag had a dent and the without box issue seemed weird to me , so i returned the bag . I mailed out on may 18th , before mailing out I texted the SA that sold the bag to me . He disappeared !  Did not return any of my message!!!!!!!  I called about a week later  checking up on the process, another lady SA answered my call , she told me I cannot get a refund because it was pass the 10 day return period. I explained that the shipping take time, just like how when I ordered the bag on the 9th but didn't get it till the 15th !!  She told me she would talk with a manager and call me back, and guess what ? She disappeared too!I called the las vegas boutique this morning and luckily the manager answered the phone, I thought finally someone I could talk to. She told me she could not do a return ( because its rare) exchange only and if i want a store credit , it needs approval and it takes a long time. I explained to her that NY did a refund , she then gave me an attitude about how they" received on time" ( no , it was the exact same situation) "why can't you just get a new bag " I have NEVER EVER encountered this kind of poor customer service . Oh and guess what she said by the end ? " I will call you back "
1	I am really surprised about the lady Dior poor quality !!!!!I bought my lady Dior handbag at 5-21-2014 from Las Vegas, United States Of America.However, I have not used the bag yet!! Because when I arrived home (Saudi Arabia ) the bag handle was broken !!!How so !!! Bad with 4779.50 $ , its handle become broken!!I went to the Dior boutique in my country , which is located in Kingdom Center Level 1 and 2 - Olaya Street , Riyadh , Saudi Arabia, (Their phone number is 00 966121121) they refused to fix, to replace the bag!!!This is not what I expected from a well known company !!!The lady Dior has a full guarantee against any damage of the lady Dior handbag. The guarantee should be covered in any Dior boutiques worldwide According to Daniel Davenpot a sell man in a Dior boutique in las Vegas Bellagio.I am currently in Saudi Arabia and I will not be able to go to las Vegas to return the bag!!!Bad service!!! Bad quality!!! Don't buy CD
