5	Thank you Jolly!! Highly recommended!! Colonix is a MUST. Very professional and clean facility..
3	My first visit I was a bit nervous, Jolli makes your feel comfortable. She's extremely knowledgeable and will answer all your questions. Jolli is the bomb.com during the poop show lol.
5	Jolli is amazing! A very relaxed, comfortable positive atmosphere and I walk out feeling cleansed, hydrated and lighter.
2	Jolli was pleasant and the facilities are clean,welcoming, relaxing, and soothing. This was my first time trying the closed system. Now I know that I prefer the open system. It's where the technician instructs you on the insertion, massages tummy lightly, and massages your feet and leaves. In this closed system, a fat tune is inserted by Jolli., and she regulates the water pressure. Although I arrived 15 mins earlier than instructed, I felt rushed.  She talked the entire time. I was led to sign up for more sessions. I intended to do more if I liked this type of therapy. In her haste to get her moved up appointment in, I was not even offered water.
5	I had never understood the need or the benefits of having Colon Hydrotherapy done. I was so appreciative of the time that Jolli took to set me at ease. She took her time because she knew I was nervous, never having done it before. She explained the difference between the open and closed systems. I know now from my experience, that I was so glad she did the closed system. She took her time to massage my tummy which also helped a lot with the results I got. She not only took the time to explain what she was doing, but why she was doing it.  I have not only been back for other treatments, but I get regular maintenance that has helped me greatly with my weight loss and understanding more about the right nutrition to eat (she even had fresh fruits and veggies to eat!) I also have more energy and I don't feel the bloat or have the gas that I used to. I wish more practitioners would care about their clients as much as Jolli does!
5	I had never understood the need or the benefits of having Colon Hydrotherapy done. I was so appreciative of the time that Jolli took to set me at ease. She took her time because she knew I was nervous, never having done it before. I have not only been back for other treatments, but I get regular maintenance that has helped me greatly with my weight loss and understanding more about the right nutrition to eat (she even had fresh fruits and veggies to eat!) I also have more energy and I don't feel the bloat or have the gas that I used to. I wish more practitioners would care about their clients as much as Jolli does!
