5	this place opened a year ago and I've had a fun time there. Every Saturday they have normal people selling collectables, that are usually from comic-con. you can also go over there and sell your own collectibles there like comic books, games, toys, and more.
1	I have been in this place a few times since it's near my home and my daughter collects a particular line of action figures. The man who has been running it every time I have been there is very unpleasant and basically acts like I am inconveniencing him when I ask questions. I overlooked this because this is the only comic book place that carries the line my daughter collects. It is either this place or ebay. I recently went in to acquire a Valentines Day gift for my little one and was, once again, treated with unfriendly service. They are in their new location and hadn't yet unpacked everything. The guy behind the counter acted annoyed and told me to look around for what I was looking for. He did not offer to track it down for me or call the dealer who sells the line. He also did not seem knowledgeable on the collection itself. Okay, I guess he can't know everything in his store. But what about taking my number and finding out? It does, after all, bring you business to make your customers happy. After wasting about 20 minutes of my time in a store that clearly did not care about whether they got my business, I left. I will never go back in which is too bad because I purchased 3 actions figures for my daughter here on 3 separate occasions. I mean, I know they are individual dealers but shouldn't they all care about bringing in business? Anyway, I went home disgusted and bought 2 actions figures online rather than in their store. I will not recommend this place to anyone. I really wanted to give my business to a local place and the actual dealer who sells the line is lovely (have only met him once) while in the store. I should have asked for his number then because you never know when the dealers will be there.  Oh well, sorry dealer guy. I would have eventually collected all you had for my daughter.
5	Great place to buy back issues on comicbooks, statues, and toys. This place is the best place to go for collectibles. I go there daily for there collectibles swap meet.
4	Holy credit limit, Batman! Arizona's broken out in an indoor swap meet for comic books, action figures, manga, and collectibles!This place is more than a little amazing, in a random way. Not all booths are open at all hours, but figure on at least glimpsing a little something related to Star Wars, most of the Marvel comics, a wide variety of recent or popular anime and manga series, vintage toy cars, figures from TV series... my reaction was mixed between "oh yeah, that!" and "they made action figure tie-ins for that?"The stock is random because these are small dealer/collectors, so what they have to some extent what they've found or what interests them. But the sheer volume of stuff means it's worth checking to see if they have what you're after. (HInt: the more eclectic your tastes or the more gaps in your collection, the more addictive this is likely to be. This is the place where you find the figure that you coveted when you were 8 or 11 or whenever the coveting bug hit, the one that you were starting to think you'd imagined as nobody ever has it on eBay.)There is an open swap meet on Saturday, where people who aren't regular sellers can rent tables. Legend has it that somebody once marked boxes of rare-ish vintage comics $5 for the box. Legend has it that he sold out in roughly 20 minutes. This could happen again. Keep the bat sensor tuned to make sure you're there.One star off because all but one seller -- alas, the one who wasn't carrying anything I hyperventilate over! though I may have to change that -- acted as if my being female made me invisible. They do not know... my secret identity is The Silent Shopper! My superpower is attracting bargains!
5	This place is pretty overwhelming!  So much great stuff in a nice big space!  They have new and old toys; from Transformers, and Star Wars, to Godzilla, Alien, and The Nightmare Before Christmas...this place is definitely one of my new favorite places in town!  Prices are good and there's always something new to look at!  I will be coming here a lot....
4	This must be what nerd heaven is like.If you're a fan of comic books, science fiction films, anime, or role playing games, this is a place for you.Like many traditional antique malls, this large space is broken up into several smaller spaces operated by different vendors. There are many comic books, lots of action figures, toys, collectibles and other items to browse.There's even a first-run comic book store in the back and a store that appears to specialize only in Transformers and GI Joes.So, if you or someone you know, is into Star Trek, Star Wars, Batman, Superman, The Avengers, or a bunch of Japanese Anime that I don't recognize, this is a great place to go.In fact, it's such nerd heaven that I half expected to see Sheldon and the rest of the guys from The Big Bang Theory checking through the merchandise.
3	This place is basically a swap-meet for comic collectibles, card gaming and manga. When I come into the building I see multiple sections divided into rows and other various rooms. Each room has a different feel. Another way to describe this place would be like a mini comic con. The prices range from booth to booth. The back section also has a small version of Pop Culture Comics which will carry new issues. I've seen a few booths and shops in the marketplace switch-up over since this place has been open. Due to the variety, its hard to gauge if this place is really better than average depending on what your looking for... but I'd give it a try.
5	When looking for items in the realm of my interests (sci-fi, comic book, and movie merchandise/toys) this place has something for me every time!It's a collective of different shops, so if you're looking for a Marvel Comic book toy, or something from Doctor Who, you're covered. One of the shops even has the Bronies covered!My favorite of the shops, being a toy collector, is Mike's Toy Anxiety! Great selection, and helpful friendly staff. So to sum up in two words: NERD HEAVEN.
4	This place is a one heck of a gem located in an off-the-street building in the central Phoenix area. Luckily it is just down the street from my parents' home and gave me a good way to find something else to do while I was dealing with their belongings after my father passed on.The pros:1.  A nice space with tons of the things you loved (or still love) as a kid. You want some obscure items, then you might find them in the building. I saw quite a few things I would have normally purchased had I lived in the area. Unfortunately I didn't want to deal with packing or shipping those items. There were some definite deals that could be made if you did the research before buying.2.  A great overall selection of toys, games, figurines, and comic books. They buy, sell, and I think trade items so the ability to haggle is a plus. It took quite a while to look at most of the items in the place. It's pretty much a small group of dealers who get together to sell what they have without having to have a retail store. 3.  Easy to find off of the road. Plenty of parking. One day there was a ton of people there so it was a little chaotic.The cons:1.  It's pretty much a consortium of small dealers so it can be a little confusing. As for customer service, you pretty much have to go out of your way to get a dealer's attention. You will have to take the time to see everything and when you decide to buy make sure you research the prices. I saw a couple of items that were definitely over-priced but some items that went the opposite direction. 2.  If lots of people are inside, then it's crowded so be mindful of your surroundings so you don't knock anything over. I think a move might be in the future based upon the increased popularity of the this space.Overall I really dig this place. I let me do a lot of window shopping and helped to give me an idea of what I might get the next time I visit Phoenix.
5	Comics, toys, & stuff you threw away and wish you had back. Ever wonder what happened when your mom threw your comics and toys away? These guys have them! We get 15% on our comic books here. Tons of Silver Age at higher grade, too. My favorite place to feel like I'm a kid again. I kinda feel like I could bump into one of the guys from Big Bang Theory at any moment! It's totally nostalgic!
4	Ooh, a nerlinger's delight. At least that's what I felt when I came into the store to find myself face deep in toys and collectibles. Think toys, games, cosplay items, cards, comics, and ALF keychains! Some items were overpriced based on the individual stall but since it is a swap meet, I am sure you could haggle the price a little. The store was a pretty good size but they told me they are going to be moving in another 8 months or so, as business continues to pick up and they are becoming more popular. So I look forward to that, but everyone seemed friendly and conscientious not to bump into you in those tight places. I was also informed of tournaments that take place in the seating area in the back, so I may have to come back for that. I saw many things I already have, but also items I didn't even know I wanted. Makes a great place to gift hunt. Saturdays seems to be the time to come for sales, more vendors, and more people watching (if that's your thing).
5	Anytime I am in the Phoenix area, I stop in here and always find a missing piece or two in my toy collection.  Always fair prices and they will take care of you when buying more stuff.
