3	Standard-issue American Starbucks. Friendly baristas, coolers with drinks and pastries, overpriced coffee and free wi-fi. Power outlets can be found along the wall. On a bright and blinding morning, you'll want to roll down the shades.And to the folks think that they're only popping in for a minute and can park their car in the roundabout, don't. There are marked spaces and frankly, you need the exercise.
2	Meh... it's a Starbucks... in the 'burbs.Located in Promenade on Providence, at the corner of Providence Rd and Ballantyne Commons Pkwy, parking is a friggin nightmare.  It's angled parking, and as an SUV driver, the spaces are *tight* and hard to come by.  There is parking around the corner, but currently half of the spaces are taken up by a dumpster for the remodel of the space next door (June 2013).  During dinner hours because of the sushi joint and several other restaurants, you're going to have to park a ways away to get your caffeine fix.  There is good enough seating inside, and metal tables/chairs outside.Tonight's visit, I got my standard Starbucks order of a black tea with lemonade sweetened and a peaches and cream muffin.  The young lady working the cash register was pleasant enough, but seemed like a typical teenager who would rather be elsewhere.  Usually the barista shakes the tea with the ice and then it gets dumped into the plastic cup and lidded.  This wasn't done this evening and the top of the tea was cold from the ice and the bottom where the straw rests was not (I know... first world problems...).  The peaches and cream muffin was moist enough, with a crunch from the sugar on top.  I think I found a couple of peach pieces - it was meh.With the issues with parking and the overall *shrug* experience, I will purchase my overpriced coffee and pastries across the street at the Starbucks in the Harris Teeter from now on.
1	Well, it's a Starbucks...  Same coffee, same general atmosphere, but that is all that's good about this location.  It is about a third the size it needs to be, there is ALWAYS a waiting line and tables are overcrowded and sometimes hard to find.  Forget meeting with any privacy at all.  I felt like I was in the middle of three other conversations!I DO NOT recommend this location!
2	Let me start off by saying I generally like Starbucks and typically only order 3 things. Iced unsweetened green tea in the summer, soy chai latte most of the time and espresso when I've had a crap day or night. This location seems to be a local institution as it is usually bustling with people typing and old at any time of the day.  This being the case, I wish they would do a better job of keeping the public areas better maintained.  Napkins, straws spills everywhere. It's pretty gross and just way to many people behind the counter doing a lot of nothing when you factor in how long you have waited for your drink.  I get that me being a native New Yorker patience may not be my strong suit but seriously I expect more from you Starbucks !  Clean it up!Also my drink was pretty watery but I didn't have the patience to ask for it to be fixed.  I did just wait like 15 minutes for the first one...
