4	Today was their grand opening day and I couldn't have been any more excited! I pass by this place everyday and was anxious to try this new restaurant on Decatur and Blue Diamond. On my way home from work, I saw their "Open" sign lit up so I called my husband right away and told him to meet me there for dinner.We were greeted warmly when we walked in and were asked if we wanted to sit at the bar, a booth or if we wanted hibachi. We opted for hibachi. The hibachi room was huge and there were eight cooking stations. My husband ordered the Special Rolls Combo for $23.95 and got the Dragon Roll, Spider Man Roll and Kamikaze. I ordered the Filet Mignon hibachi which came with vegetable teppanyaki, house salad, miso soup and your choice of fried rice, fried noodle or steamed rice for $16.50.The sushi was pretty good... Normally my husband and I like raw fish but since I'm pregnant, he ordered all cooked rolls. I especially liked the Dragon Roll because the salmon was cooked with a nice charred taste. I think I may be used to AYCE sushi so I don't think I sushi would be my first choice when I come back.I enjoyed my hibachi meal and our chef was entertaining. I watched three different hibachi chefs and it looked like they all had their own tricks up their sleeves. The house salad was good but they were a little too liberal with the dressing. I enjoyed the Filet Mignon very much because the meat was tender and flavorful and cooked to my preference.I was too full to order dessert but I want to try the tempura ice cream next time. The only three dessert items are ice cream, mochi ice cream and tempura ice cream.The service was top notch even though they had a lot of patrons. We were checked on regularly and we didn't have to wait long for our food or our check. The service was surprisingly good for a restaurant's opening day!  I will be back again since this place is super close to home. I'm so glad this place that I have been keeping tabs on is finally open! Ohjah was definitely worth the wait!
2	The rolls we ordered were cold and the sushi was small . The rice was really sticky. It was a little on the high side when it came to the price,the sauce in the rolls was too sweet.  The waitress was hard to communicate with but she was nice. I don't think I will becoming back here again there are other sushi joints in the area that are better when it comes to food service & prices.
4	Just finished our dinner here and made this one of faves for taking out of town friends and family to.  We were warmly greeted by the host and seated immediately in the teppan grill room, which appears to seat about 60-70 at six different stations.  They call it a "hibachi" dinner. If anyone has ever eaten at Benihana's or the Nijo Castle (Newark, CA), I recall paying about $25-30 per Teppan entree.  Here, you pay $8.95 for the Hibachi basics: soup, salad, rice (steamed or fried) or fried noodles.  Then you choose your add ons or what they call "mix or match" which is your proteins.  Chicken teriyaki is $4.95, NY steak is $5.95, filet mignon is $7.55, shrimp $5.75 and so on,  There is also salmon, $5.75 scallops ($7.55),  Lobster tail (6 oz.) for $15.95, Kobe beef $48.95.  They also offer 3 basic entree items (not included is the lobster tail, Kobe beef or Halibut) + the Hibachi basics for $28.95. I ordered the scallops and chicken, the wife, steak and it is still cheaper than other similar restaurants.  The quality of the food is good. Portions were decent.  The soup was mild in flavor, the salad though was disappointing. The dressing was watery and you could tell the salads were pre-made earlier in the day. Pre-tip for our family of four with 2 kid's hibachi entrees (steak & chicken) with sodas and  a large Sapporo was $76.They do offer lunch. sushi, sashimi, nigiri, and a good selection of Japanese entrees in their regular dining room, which has a sushi bar.We're hoping this restaurant stands the test of time and continues to flourish at its location since there is no other restaurant like this in the SW part of town,  They also have a location in Pahrump.
4	**Summary**       - Ambiance - A little noisy, but the decor was nice. It was romantically lit with big screens over the sushi bar. A little something for both genders.       - Owners - First Japanese restaurant that I've been to that had Chinese music playing. You usually see them owned by Japanese or Korean in Vegas.        - Soup - They said the soup was onion soup, but I'm pretty sure it was winter melon. It's a pretty traditional Chinese soup. They said they also had miso.**Ordered**       - $12.50 Unagi Don - A decent sized piece of eel as far as eels go. A tad dry, but not bad. It comes with soup and salad. Good for those who don't want a big meal.       - $14.95 New York Steak Teriyaki - A fairly large steak cooked to your liking covered in teriyaki sauce. It also came with a crab rangoon, salad, and a soup. Definitely worth trying if you like steak teriyaki (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/sYfHxCqHpIX2HnDhw0JRAA?select=KW4CtKWK4DPBM0uOuXgjFQ).**Recommendations**       - I'd recommend this place if you live near Blue Diamond. It's a nice place to eat without having to drive too far.
5	Great new dinner option for people in the Southern Highlands area. Great sushi but there is no all you can eat. The hibachi is super affordable compared to some other local places and just as good if not better.
4	Not bad for a new restaurant! Steak teriyaki portion was pretty generous.
5	Came here w my family and had hibachi. We were seated promptly and everyone was friendly. The menu had lots of choices for sushi and hibachi. They even surprised my mom with a happy birthday dessert. It was great food, great service, & a great time.  It was nice that we could go somewhere as a family.  My brother has a 4 year old son and things can get loud as we all talk with him & play with him.Ohjah gets 5 stars for the accommodations, friendliness, clean restaurant, professionalism of the staff, quality of food, & prices.We were seated promptly but we did arrive at 6:00pm. When we left at 7:00-7:30, there was a wait and small crowd at the door.
4	What a great place to eat in SW Las Vegas!  We live in the area and decided to visit the place once it opened.  We are very fond of the Hibachi style Japanese restaurants, and we were floored at the more-than-reasonable pricing!  Salad, soup, fried rice, vegetables and my shrimp all came out to less than $20!  It was tasty and the atmosphere is classy but fun.  I would highly recommend!
2	The hibachi area is super fun. It would be a great place to take kids. The chefs are highly entertaining and the food was decent, but not spectacular.I ordered some udon here and it was some of the worst udon I've ever had. The broth tasted like cardboard. I'd have given this place 3 stars for the hibachi, but the nasty soup made me feel I had to take off a star.If you're going to go, go for the hibachi.
5	Fantastic hibachi! You have to order the basic first - which comes with onion soup, salad, and your choice of fried rice, steamed rice or noodles. That in itself runs about $8.95. Next you add on your choice of meat, fish, shrimp, scallops or lobster - these prices vary from $4.95 - $49. I ordered the teriyaki steak and it was phenomenal! My friend ordered the New York steak and he thought it was amazing as well. We also ordered saki with our meal, 2 large Saporo's and for dessert mango mochi. It was a ton of food and drinks, and I think we spent about $80 with tip for the chef and waiter. Our chef was funny and entertaining. Great experience and we will definitely be going back! Next time I will try the sushi and review.
4	brand new hibachi/sushi joint at reasonable prices!we've been to ohjah (or king of the ninjas so the hibachi chef tells us!) on multiple occasions since its just around the corner from our house.  at first, i thought this place wasn't going to do well since the location is kind of weird (off blue diamond and decatur, but in a tiny side shopping center thats pretty much empty).  but right when this place opened, we've noticed its been packed... all the time!the sushi... awesome!  very fresh and the flavors are great.  they have a ton of variety too.  prices are pretty sushi normal (expect about 10ish bucks for a specialty roll, 5ish for the standard rolls).  we got the volcano roll, tiger roll, and a bunch of nigiri (white fish nigiri... sooo good!).  all the sushi, excellent.  the volcano roll was covered in this interesting mix of scallops and sauce.  my kind of roll!the hibachi was cool too.  i love the prices... its a lot cheaper than most hibachi places i've tried before.  you pay $8.95 for the hibachi basics then add on your meats for around 6 bucks (more expensive for better meats of course).  the food was pretty good and the chef was truly entertaining.  he was super ninja with his tricks and we all were able to catch the shrimp in our mouths.  boom!the place is stylish and the service is nice.  their only fault i think is that the waitresses always try to up sell you to more things at the beginning (but it doesn't bother me that much).  definitely a must try!
5	An amazing time with amazing food!  We went for the Hibachi and it did not disappoint.  We did not think to make a reservation but Peter the manager had no problem squeezing us in.  Van was our chef and he was highly entertaining.  Jakki our waiter was also very attentive.  My kids had the NY steak and loved it.  My wife had the salmon and chicken and thoroughly enjoyed it.  I ordered the halibut and calamari steak and it was amazing.  We will go back soon and intend on being regular customers.
4	New japanese restaurant in the southwest part of LV. Bf and I came out here and were very pleased. Since it newly opened, they had a special going on. 3 specialty rolls for $54 bucks. Overall, rolls were decent. Decor is very zen, and a lot bigger than most sushi restaurants located in this part of town. You also have the option to do hibachi, which we still ave yet to do.
1	Christmas Eve dinner. Yippee.Food was just OK. No return. Had Tempura. It was cold and greasy. Dip was gross. Husband had chicken and beefskewers of some sort. He eats anything and wasn't happy. Service weird and no one in regular restaurant. Teppanyaki was busy. This is our punishment for going somewhere weird on Christmas.
5	Great Hibachi and Pad Thai! Staff is friendly, nice, and quick.  Great neighborhood atmosphere.  Live hibachi style seating or just sit in the front for a quick bite.  Food is always fresh and delicious.  I completely recommend this little hideaway.  It has become one of our favorite places to eat.  Thank you!
5	My husband and I decided to check out Oojah the other night for a late lunch/early dinner. I loved the decor of the restaurant. Very nice looking! The staff was all very friendly and accommodating as well. We made it in time to enjoy their lunch box specials, which were smaller and cheaper versions of their dinner boxes. I got the chicken katsu box while my husband got the beef teriyaki box. I couldn't believe the size of the boxes when they were brought to our table! Not only was my portion of the chicken katsu huge, but it also came with miso soup, salad, pork dumplings, and three California rolls (perfect because I am pregnant and can't have traditional sushi). The food was great and very filling! I felt the prices were fair for what we ordered and even looking at the menu, the sushi prices I felt were reasonable as well. We'll definitely be visiting Oojah again and I can't wait until I am able to try out their sushi!
5	Best locals hibachi place Ive been to in vegas. Great prices service and food.
4	The first time I ate here we did the hibachi which is a lot of fun...especially if you have a big group or kids with you.Tonight I went for sushi and it was really good. The spider roll had crab meat in it and of course that paired perfectly with the soft shelled crab, but I've never had it prepared that way.The highlight was a sushi rolled called "Captain" that was one of the more delightful rolls I've ever had. It had crispy fried onion rings on top of spicy tuna and some kind of garlic sauce. Serious yum and kudos to the sushi chef who came up with the idea!I will definitely be back.Thanks, Ohjah!
5	There are places here that is hard to find awesome customer service and I finally found it here!  I came here for my birthday with my 2 young daughters age 8 and 4.  We did the Hibachi and we all had a great time.  My kids eyes were glued staring at the chef thats how good and fun he was!  They didnt know it was my birthday until the guest on the side of us asked if it was my birthday and then my waiter heard about it and asked me if it was bday?  Next thing you know, the lights dimmed and flickered and a birthday song came on and they also sang Happy Birthday!  The food, the service and the atmosphere is absolutely amazing! This is now my new spot because the number one reason:  The Service was beyond A+!  Thank you Ohjah Japanese Steakhouse and Hibachi!!!  And the food was excellent!!!
4	Delicious food, very fair prices!  Great hibachi steakhouse on the SW side.
4	This place is pretty new in our area.  It's pretty wicked to have a Japanese spot with in walking distance from our house.  I watched this place being built and couldn't wait for the day the doors were open.  My wife and I finally went here for dinner when we had a visitor from Cali.  I would like to think of myself as a sushi purist and typically I don't consider eating hibachi.  Call me stuck up but, I always felt that hibachi was a bit "touristy" and more like Japanese for the "newbie".  Anyhow, this visit made me cheat on my first love, sushi.  I loved this place and the prices were super competitive.  We started with sake bombs that were only $2, cheap!  I got the strip steak dinner and it was only about $15 - $16.  The steak and fried rice were delicious.  That week we actually went there 3 times!  The staff is super friendly.  Every time we went the chef's were always personable and a little sarcastic, in a good way.  We actually found out that Ohjah means, King of the Ninjas.  Cool!  Also, if you just want to try out there menu a good time to go is during lunch cause the prices are a bit lower.  I would go again and I do recommend going as a group for the hibachi dinner.
4	Ate here for the first time and i gotta say the hibachi is definitely well worth the price. the only thing that is lacking is the flavor. i  had the filet mignon and scallops and chicken. Now their scallops and filet mignon were cooked perfectly. Now for a new place its always packed and thats a good thing, but if you were to compare to Geisha House i would pick Geisha House for food quality and Ohjah for the price. We also tried this albacore and fried onion sushi roll which was delicious. But the hibachi was lacking good sauces and their cooks were not that entertaining and the fried rice was ok.i will come back just dont know when i will say OHJAH is what im craving today.
5	I came here for a celebration with my coworkers and it's good to know such a yummy place existed close to work! I'm usually biased when it comes to Hibachi. I love Geisha House Steak and Sushi but I think Ohjah is equally fabulous. They both have combination deals for their Hibachi meals. The Geisha has one for $35.95 which includes choice of appetizer, small sake, house wine, or soft drink, soup and salad, hibachi shrimp, mushrooms, onions, zucchini, bean sprouts and fried rice. It also comes with fillet Mignon, chicken and lobster. Ohjah's deal starts at $8.95 for the basics which come with onion soup, salad, fried rice, steamed rice or noodles. Then you can choose the type of meat.  My choices were fillet Mignon, shrimp and scallops. My meal was around $32.95. The fillet was nice and tender, scallops were so good they melted in your mouth. The shrimp and veggies were also delicious. I still prefer the rice at the Geisha but Ohjah's comes in a close second. The amount of food you get at Ohjah's is just right but at the Geisha you will have enough to take home because they have bigger portions.I also had their pomegranate sake which was served warm. This was the first time I tried warm sake and it was delightful!  It had a mild taste which wasn't too sweet or bitter. Love this place and wouldn't mind coming back! The Hibachi show is also very entertaining especially if you order sake bombs. They say "sake" you say "bomb" while you pound on the table. I kind of felt like I was at a pep rally which is always fun !
4	Great little place in Southwest Vegas off Blue Diamond.  Great hibachi.  Think, juicy meat sauteed just perfectly.  Real good sushi rolls as well.  Can't go wrong with this place either way whether you choose hibachi, japanese entrees, or sushi.
4	I don't think of hibachi places as big draws, especially for the foodie crowd. So, I was surprised to walk into Ohjah on a Friday night and see the place packed. It's also a sushi joint, but that side of the restaurant had a few open tables. The hibachi side was filled. That's impressive considering they had six cooking stations.The basic hibachi dinner ($8.95) consists of standard fare -- vegetables, salad, soup, and fried or steamed rice or noodles. I added shrimp ($5.75) and a 5 oz. filet ($7.55) to the mix. The shrimp was pretty good and the filet was cooked medium rare, as ordered, and was tender, as expected.The best way to judge any hibachi place, though, is the entertainment factor. Our chef -- an older guy -- was ok. He was friendly enough, but all the tricks he did were the same standard ones you see at any hibachi place -- tossing the egg shell in the hat, the onion volcano, etc. He also tossed shrimp to some of the guests (again, a standard hibachi trick) but only to the guys, which disappointed some of the women at the table.If you like hibachi places, you'll like this. If you don't, you probably won't be a fan. While it's similar to many others I've been to, I'd recommend this place for a fun night out whether or not it's with a date or a family.
5	Great food and quick service! Portions were large for the price!
4	I like coming here for their Sashimi. I'm so used to AYCE sushi that I compare it to Ohjah. So i only come when I crave Sashimi.Yum! They have Hibachi which I don't care for so the dining area is less busy.
4	Hibachi is the Medieval Time's of Japanese cuisine. Dinner AND a show? ok.So this review is only based off the hibachi part of the restaurant.  We have to go back and try the standard menu.The chefs are funny and engaging! Catch a shrimp in your mouth flipped with the spatula right off the grill! I was the only one on our table to try, everyone else just had it flipped on their plate; When in Rome! err Japan?As part of the Hibachi grill menu you get: 1. Onion soup (nice little starter with light onion flavor). 2. Salad with ginger dressing (warning: they drown the salad in dressing, so maybe ask for it on the side; but I love the dressing so no complaints here)3. Sauteed veggies.4. Fried rice or noodles.5. Your choice of protein. I recommend to spend a little extra and getting the Filet  over  the other steak cuts.  Even though I ordered my NY strip medium, because it was then sliced before plating it kept cooking more and came closer to well done.  The Filet was more tender and ordered medium-rare came to your plate closer to medium but Delicious! I enjoy a good surf & Turf so I also had the calamari which was just ok, Someone in our table ordered lobster and scallops.  The scallops looked amazing so I will try that next time, Lobster looked a little small but what can you expect from a Hibachi grill.The rice was flavorful and the veggies were delicious, I love me some mushrooms.  (why was the mushroom invited to the party? Cause he was a Fun-gi!). We definitely will return. The bill ran about $40-$50 for two. Not bad for a date night (don't worry, it was an impromptu date night, I'm no cheap date giver). The sig-other definitely enjoyed the experience and the food.Did i like it? Oh-jah (oh-yea) I definitely did.  Horrible attempt of a pun. Sorry.
4	We went here for lunch on Sunday. The lunch box specials include Miso soup, salad, pot stickers, California roll, rice, and your "entree". My chicken teriyaki lunch box was under $7.00 so I expected the lunch box to be small. (I spend more at taco bell for a combo meal.) By the time I was finished with my meal, you had to roll me out of there! It was plenty of food! The decor is beautiful, the food tasted fresh and it came out relatively fast. I would have given it 5 stars but I had to ask each time I wanted my drink refilled and that was a little irritating because the server didn't come around at all once the food was out.
4	Get the boat.  Seriously.  Get the boat. I cannot push this more unless I were to kidnap you and take you to the restaurant and forcefeed you sushi.  And that's just wrong, and requires way too much effort. So get the boat. It's a platter (shaped like a ship) with all sorts of nom-nom-nom nigiri, sashimi, and your choice of three specialty rolls.  So, so good.  This is a shared plate, and you need at least two people (who are especially hungry) or, more wisely, four people.  I am a fan of the caterpillar roll, so inevitably this was one of my choices.  Tender eel, firm avocado, nicely packed rice, and tasty sauce - nom.  The service here was great too!  The server was a pleasant woman who was always ready with water refills (why ruin the tastiness of sushi with a competing flavor from soda?), and the sushi chef was ready to answer questions. Oh yeah, bathrooms were spotless! I will have to go back and investigate the hibachi side of the restaurant at a later date, as this review is only about the sushi. But yeah, get the boat.
5	I don't usually give 5 star ratings but in this case, I have no problem doing so. the staff are friendly and very attentive to the customer. the hibachi chef (tom) was a riot and a real entertainer. He made the whole experience one to remember so ask for him when you go. the food is top notch and I recommend the filet and shrimp. the food was fresh. the filet Mignon literally melts in your mouth. the appetizers of shrimp/calamari/vegetable tempura was fantastic and not too heavy. I have been there twice now and plan to make it one of my regular spots to eat. Both my dinners were just wonderful and the staff are top notch and have a way of making you feel at home. just a wonderful place to dine. Oh, I almost forgot, the prices are extremely reasonable for what you get. I cant think of one thing I would change about Ohjah except that I wish one were in Henderson so I wouldn't have to drive as far to get to it. But hey, one cant have it all. Its well worth the travel though. A must dine experience that one will not forget.
4	Some great Hibachi! Went with some dear friends for a celebrated event. Service was moderate (we waited quite a bit, but we were a party of 15+). Hibachi was pretty damn fine Hibachi. Meat portions on the metal grill were scant so definitely get two upgrades.Glorious Oddity: The Thai Curry was the best Thai Curry I've ever had. Better than Pin Kaow. It was amazing. AMAZING.The place is an excellent value.
4	They have the best beef yakisoba here! I would definitely come back and try their Hibachi dinner.
5	Excellent!  Great service, great food, great prices and a lot of fun... what more could you ask for?
4	Came here for sushi last night, did not know what to really expect but to our surprise it was quite pleasant. My g/f and I split a blue diamond special, the sashimi and nigiri were good in a generic way. I suggest to get the white tiger roll it is fantastic and the spider man roll was good too. Onion soup was not hot and was kind of disappointing according to my g/f and the chicken fried rice was also so-so. Overall it was a good evening, the Sushi Chef that was serving us was super friendly and helpful.
1	Service was horribly slow and not very friendly.... Would NOT suggest eating here.. 50 minutes and still not cooking and no refil!
2	Keeping this short and sweet. The sushi rice was a little more compacted than I would like, all the rolls sound the same with the ingredients listed in varying orders to sound different.  Wait time was longer than expected for the food.  If you come here....perhaps try the hibachi...but if you are hard core on Japanese food... than this isn't a spot for you!
4	I'll tell you I was nervous to have sushi in Vegas but it was as good as any I've had in Seattle. Clean, friendly and yummy! Get the boat! Its beautiful and deliciously fresh! Worth every penny!
3	I will bump this restaurant up to a 3-star rating just for the fact that the owners care enough to read the reviews of their restaurant and ask for feedback regarding any negative comments.  Kudos for truly caring about customer feedback!
3	Came here for dinner on a Friday night with a friend.  When we arrived, we got seated immediately.   I really wanted to try the hibachi since I've read many great reviews.  Unfortunately, this is lent season so I cannot eat meat on Fridays.I opted for the shrimp and vegetable tempura dinner, which comes with a soup and salad.  The dinner was a typical tempura dinner, like any other Japanese restaurant that offers it.  I managed to finish half a plate of batter fried shrimp and veggies before I threw in the towel.  The oil consumption got to me so I had to focus on sipping some hot green tea.  Oh, talk about hot green tea...I asked the server what brand of green tea is it and her response "Japanese."  Ok...whatevs.  But anyways, I will have to rate A-OK for now until I visit again to try the Hibachi.
4	Hibachi =Dinner and a show... Food was yummy. We'll be back soon
4	Fresh sashimi clean presentations. Came here with a $20 certificate so we decided to go big and order the boat. This was a pretty good deal as it included 3 specialty rolls, salmon, ahi tuna, and hamachi sashimi, seaweed salad, and three types tobico for only $45. Just the specialty rolls were $10 - $12 each so it was well worth it. We also ordered the lychee Saki, they had a few different kinds of flavored Saki which are good for those don't like the original flavor of Saki. We were told the boat would take about 15 min but they served us each an order of the house salad as we wait. When the boat came out I was very impressed by the presentation. The specialty rolls were OK, but what put the boat over the top was the slices of sashimi. Each slice was about half and inch thick with about 3-4 slices each. The quality of the fish was superb and with each bite you certainly can taste the freshness. In my mind what differentiates a lot of these sushi restaurants is the quality and freshness of their fish. Ohjah certainly displays fresh quality ingredients. I would love to come back and try their Hibachi. But would definitely come back for their sashimi.
4	More like a 4.5 rating!Second time back with a $20 off and ordered the right thing...ohjah boat!  It was definitely a winning boat.  We received 3 specialty rolls (our choice), 12 pcs of sashimi (4 salmon, 4 ahi tuna, and 4 hamachi, all were 1/2 inches thick, biggest slice of sahimi that I have seen), 10 pcs of nigiri, and a seaweed salad.  The fish was very fresh.  We also had the lychee sake and I thought it was very refreshing, even for a non-drinker like myself.Our waitress was very attentive and friendly.Overall, I enjoyed it very much, and will definitely return to try the hibachi.
5	Why is everyone voting 4 stars?? haha.  this place is awesome, I've been here more then 5 times.  They have a great deal which is like 3 rolls for 23 dollars or so(specialty rolls) and that should be more then enough for yourself depending on the roll.  I have never been to the hibachi but I'm sure thats good too!.  and the waitresses are cute too!  ;).
4	First time here and looks like it will NOT be my last.. Sorry Spicy Tuna, they have a killer tasty Garlic edamame!!! Not to mention they are much closer to my house. Need to try the sake and the beer. Their rolls were also very tasty!! ;)
3	I have been here twice already, and it was okay.  Not sure if I would drive to that side of town again to go there.  We saw this place when we would eat at Cafe Rio which was across the street.  The servers were nice.  The menu had a lot of selections.  They also served Chinese and Thai food.  Both times I have been there it was for sushi and not the hibachi, so I can't speak for that.  Thinking back, I can't even remember the name of the roll I tried and remembered if it was good.  Which goes to show it was probably just alright.  The restaurant is nice; and it is dark inside.The funny thing, I do remember is that every time they brought out a dessert for a guest's birthday, the old school 'happy birthday' song (kids singing) would go on their sound system, haha
4	I love this place. It is fairly new and serve sushi and hibachi mostly. I have been there for both lunch and dinner (hibachi and regular dining) with my husband. The garlic edamame sets this place apart for me. The food is fresh and tasty. The hibachi chefs are fun and entertaining. The servers are pretty good, but have had just a couple issues. Ordered an appetizer once and it never came. When I mentioned to the waiter to just cancel it because our food was just showing up, the appetizer then came. They ended up comp'ing it because of the mix up and I quickly forgave them. Great, clean atmosphere. Other dishes available for those who do not like sushi as well. I highly recommend it for the cautious and daring alike.
5	Love love love this place!! The food is so good and it's so affordable you just can't beat it!! It's a perfect place for celebrations or dates!  My family and I go often!
5	A friend took me to dinner to this new place ,just open about  few month.So far, the 1st impression that it gave me was expensive dinning,but after my dinning experience I realized that I was totally wrong. It was by for the best Dianne I EVEN HAD.very reasonable price for an excellent quality of food and service. I think that's why the parking lot is always packed~!!!I'd recommend make reservation B4 you come spcielly on weekends(sushi chef told me)I set at the bar coz the hibachi was full~(it was an hour wait time on that side) we tried the sushi.The fish was super fresh ,Chef was friendly and funny at some point.If they have a little of time they even make some special dishes not listed on the menu and I got the wahoo, so yum~!!The manager was keep asking us how's everything and told us about hibachi,such a nice and funny guy~I'm coming back next time to try the hibachi table,seems that is really good.no regrets, I had a wonderful sushi and enforgettable dinning experience!!!!
5	Terrific hibachi, among the best I've ever had.  Or maybe I was just really, really hungry.  Either way, I'll definitely be going back sometime.
4	We went here for late lunch. The hibachi lunch was delicious and very reasonably priced. It was empty when we got there so it felt a bit more intimate. The chef was skilled and had a likeable personality. The staff was also nice and went out of their way to chat us up when they found out we were local. I had the chicken and shrimp and my friend had beef and chicken. Along with that were the regular sides of fried rice and veggies (mushrooms, zucchini and onion). The meal also included miso soup and ginger dressing salad. Everything was delicious and reasonably priced. I plan on returning, but during off hours because it sounds like this place gets packed on weekend nights.
5	Oh man...great teppanyaki and at a great price! I came for dinner for Father's Day and tried out the teppanyaki. I love how they do their offerings. They separate the meats by section and individual price so that you can mix and match your plate however you want. I chose the NY strip steak and the shrimp. My sister tried the scallops and NY steak. MY father tried the sukiyaki beef and NY steak, and my brother in law tried the Salmon and chicken. You start with the $8.95 basics which includes the the option of fried rice, steamed rice, or noodles, soup, and salad. This is MANDATORY for teppanyaki. Then you pick from the list of meats you'd like and you just mix and match. They also offer kobe beef at $50 and lobster tail also at $15. The dishes and offerings are typically what you'd expect for teppanyaki. Same quality and flavor. Next time I would love to try the filet minon instead as I wasn't too fond of the NY strip steak. It was tougher and less flavoring. The sukiyaki beef is A GOOD CHOICE. They're full of flavor, tender, and juicy! Our chef was great, He was funny, and very patient with obnoxious children. So big ups to him. For a total of 4 people plus an order of a glass of reisling and tempura ice cream we spent a good $100.00. Woohoo! What a deal! That's compared to my tab at Musashi which was $160.00 for 2 people! Same quality of food. Same service. Cheaper price. Call me a fan! I'll be back soon!
5	Great food, great service.  The staff is fantastic -- they remember you and what you like.  I've come to the point where I usually dont even bother looking at the menu.  I just tell them "Surprise me"Although it does not look "kid friendly," they are extremely so.  We bring our 3 year old and 1 year old in all the time, and the kids destroy the place (sorry!).  They are always accommodating and friendly about it, and I can say that I would not have such patience if I were them.  Of course, we also go here for business lunches all the time -- this is my place of choice for business lunches.
4	Want great sushi? Eat here. The presentation and service are great and their prices are reasonable. I love this place!
4	we tried this place out and loved it!  The hibrachi chef was really good and funny!  The staff was great with our kids.  The food was great especially the sushi!  The portions we good sized and there was enough to take home! Definetly will be eating here again!
4	Our meals were very good. Atmosphere was a little loud to be able to have a conversation but very fun. Very good service.
4	Been here several times already and I love the Sushi.  When I grow tired of the AYCE quality and I am craving some nice high quality Sushi this is my new haunt.I can only comment on the Sushi Bar since I have not tried the Teppan. I am a Nigiri Sushi addict. I am a big fan of everything in the refrigerated case in font of me at this sushi bar. So if you ask me what I like, I can just point to the general area of the fish and say "all of that." The only thing that I have found that doesn't blow me away, and this is strictly a personal preference, was the cure on the Saba. Still better than many others though. The daily specials on the board are well worth the price and I have not been anything but satisfied with anything I have ordered from it. I usually order an appetizer, a meal, and whatever fancies me from the specials board and I am happy.They have great deals to fit whatever mood you are in. The service is always friendly and attentive.  The restaurant is always clean. The last time I visited it sounded like a party in the Teppan area. I have to try that next visit.
5	Oyishi ( meaning very good in japanese) for Ohjah!! I freaking love this place! My friend and I decided to give this place a try, she had told me this place had so many good reviews and the pictures made us drool!!! YELP REVIEWS did not lie! This was so gooooooood!!We started witht he Edame and the wontons.. Very delicious not that pricey about $3.95 each for appetizers..Then for our entree we ordered the Ohjah boat which consisted of 3 rolls of your choice along with sashimi and seaweed salad for $49And also we ordered the New York Steak Teriyaki..$14.99From the moment they served the food we were in awe., Loved the presentation and love how the Boat full of sushi was huge! Loved the detail with the food presentation as well. The sushi was amazing! It melted in your mouth and you can tell the sashimi was fresh with the correct temperature without the VEINS popping in your mouth! As for the teriyaki steak it was to die for!So in the end we couldnt finish everything.. we didnt even need to order appetizers we were so full we had so much left overs from the sushi and the steaks..But of course we still made room for their famous tempura icecream which was so good!I must say you can tell a huge difference when ordering from an all you can eat sushi place.. Ohjah is one of my top 5 japanese place and I will of course return  and will be a loyal customer!P.S. they also have the hibachi tables if you are into that..
3	3.5 starsOhjah doesn't rise nor sinks when compared to other Japanese restaurants, they just provide decent food with good service. Their sushi reflected that mayonaise, rice, and raw fish do not bode well together. Our party ordered three rolls but it was difficult to distinguish which was which. Each was slammed with 10 lbs. of spicy mayo and sweet eel sauce over flavorless spicy tuna, shrimp tempura, avocado, and/or cream cheese. Maybe we ordered the wrong things, but the phrase, "Which roll is this again?" was spouted during the course of the meal. If there was a shining light in the meal, it was my hot entree. I actually enjoyed my spicy chicken. They were generous with their meat, the veggies were cooked perfectly, and it came with soup and salad. However, they should omit spicy from the description. It was more sweet and salty. I asked for extra spice but instead got an extra layer of red sauce. Other parts of the meal included a well excuted tempura. In the end, they gave pre-packaged hand cloths to wipe away all the grime and residue of your greasy claws. They have a hibachi grill if you want entertainment and flames. The atmosphere evokes dark and romantic but the clienteles are big-ass families with waistlines that match.
3	Love the atmosphere, love the staff and the chef who put on an adequate show with his cooking skills in front of the patrons.For appetizers, ordered the seaweed salad which was on par with typical sushi spots.Ordered the $48.95 dollar sushi boat + hibachi for our main entree. Presentation of the boat was good, except the sushi tasted just a-ok, nothing special compared to other sushi places we have gone to. The sashimi wasn't bad either, but didn't rise to the top. The tuna & salmon --- just okay.The biggest upside is the hibachi. Having the chef cook in front of you never gets old to me. The hibachi basic + add-ons were all very tasty, although we noticed the cook did add A LOT of butter when he cooked.Overall, you should have a good time here. But if you want better tasting sushi in Las Vegas, you're better off at Oyshi, Sushi Tower or Nobu (on the strip).
4	I've been here once, so maybe it's too soon to write a rave review and if our next few trips are as good as this one - they'll probably get bumped to a 5 star review. Picked up dinner here on the way home. Had Chicken and Steak Teriyaki dinners - both were really good, love the soup - nice to get an onion broth rather than miso, salad dressing... what is in this stuff??? I'm in love - like typical habachi ginger/garlic dressing only creamier... also there was one little crab ragoon with the dinner that was super tasty. Steak was tender - chicken good too. Sushi was good, only tried a California roll to test them out - so can't really comment too much on the sushi. Husband had a couple hand rolls he liked. So all in all, pretty satisfied. They do seem to be a little pricy - but I was pleasantly surprised with the meal.
5	One of my favorite sushi restaurants! The food is great, prices are fair and the service is always on.Chef David at the sushi bar is amazing! He is very creative and always has a smile. The sushi is always fresh and never disappoints. They have Sapporo and Kirin on tap, which is a nice compliment to the fresh sushi. They also have a habachi room that puts on a great show, fills you up and is very reasonably priced (the fried rice in there is awesome!).
4	Better than the Osaka, Hamada, or Benihana at much more affordable price.  Nothing fancy, but a neighborhood Hibachi/Sushi restaurant shouldn't be overly fancy or overly priced.  The sushi is good, and the 23.95 for any 3 specialty sushi items make it even tastier. Definitely worth a trip if you are considering eating Hibachi anywhere in Las Vegas.
5	My 3.5 year old daughter loves to eat here.  We have only done the cooking tables and each time we go she has a better time then before.  At first the tricks scared her - but now she totally gets into it.  Typically she doesn't each much, but here she eats everything we put in front of her.  One day maybe we will get to the other menu items - but it is too much fun to watch her interact with the cooking table chefs and even more fun to watch her clean her plate.
5	Love this place. Best price hibachi around. Excellent quality food. Great service. Very good atmosphere. I could eat here at least once a week. As for their sushi bar. Not bad. I would prefer my sushimi sliced a little thinner but still good quality for Vegas. Much better than Osaka or Hamada.
5	This is the best hibachi place!!! It is totally reasonable in price! Awesome food, great service-drink never went empty! We are totally coming back!!!
4	My review is on the Hibachi dinner, as we did not have sushi when we went. I do want to say that I become more and more dismayed at the number of sushi establishments that don't even offer a simple Spice Crab roll muchless a specialty roll with spicy crab in it. It seems when I ask for this 'unheard' of ingredient they look at me as if I have a third eye or something and unfortunately their answer to spicy crab = "a california roll with siracha rolled into it" is unacceptable. For those who do not know how to make spicy crab it is merely imitation crab stick chopped up just like they do for the crab salad with a tad bit of siracha and japanese mayo. The sad thing is that the easy way would be to just chop up a crabstick and mix it with the already available Spicy Mayo.... just sayin' But I digress - the hibachi menu requires that you order the 8.95 base selection which is just your soup, salad, veggies and rice. Scroll down the menu a bit and it gives you the selection of meats and fishes that they serve Hibachi style. Kobe beef runs 48.95. We chose to have the Hibachi combo which allows you to choose 3 selections (excluding Lobster, Halibut and Kobe) but is a nice plethora of flavors that you can try as your meal.The chefs are very entertaining, the meal is exciting to watch and the final outcome was really delicious. We didn't want for drinks until after the show was over and then we had to flag someone down a couple of times. Not terrible but they had spoiled us during the show serving us every time the glass became half empty.I would definitely like to go back and see if they can do better with their response for Spicy Crab :-)
5	I love this place! Service is awesome! Try the Kobe and lobster!
5	The hardest thing to achieve in a restaurant is consistency.  Often we go somewhere and LOVE it, then the next time its blah.  Not the case with Ohjah!  We go there about every 2 weeks and its ALWAYS AWESOME.   Sometimes the company is better than others,  some chefs are more skilled with the knives than others, but the FOOD is Always PERFECT.   You won't hear me say that too often, so trust me when I do. The pricing of the menu is more competitive than other Japanese steak houses.  Its $8,95 base price for the rice veggies and soup, then you ad your meats.  We usually have the Filet Mignon plus either shrimp, scallops, chicken or halibut.  The filet is like meat flavored butter, melts in your mouth.   Actually I wish they used a little more butter in the prep, but its always flavorful and healthy. We do usually get a tuna sashimi but I will say this.  the fish is fresh and yummy, BUT its cut in too large of chunks.  I prefer a smaller cut for a more delicate taste and feel.  We ate at the sushi bar once and all the fish was cut too large. Nevertheless,  the The steakhouse, hibachi grill is the BEST in town for the BEST price.  I highly recommend it any day.
4	We ventured off the Vegas strip for this one. My friends kept asking me "WHERE ARE WE GOING? IT'S SO FAR." In reality - a $30 cab ride split between 4 of us was WELL worth it. Delicious food. Our waitress was very attentive. Our chef was hilarious, easygoing, fun, and obviously a great cook.Definitely try the shrimp tempura roll... one of the best I've had. And for Hibachi I recommend the shrimp, any of the steaks, and the fried rice. I wasn't really a fan of the chicken though... a bit dry for my liking.Love, love, love this place.
4	Had to eat here twice to fully encompass the whole experience. The first visit was the plain old sushi lunch.  Food was good but nothing spectacular, but spicy tuna rolls, tempura, and edamame all seem to taste the same everywhere after 3 or 4 tall asahis.Second time I came for the tepanyaki.  The chef was very polite and friendly.  Engaged us but wasn't intrusive in our dinner in any way.  Had the filet and shrimp (both cooked perfectly)Overall this place is clean, food is above average compared to other sushi establishments, service is great, and it's up the street from where I lay my head.  Only reason I can't give 5 stars is I still have to pay for the food.
4	I really enjoyed this place. Its very typical of what i expect from a Japanese Steakhouse and Hibachi room. They also had sushi and a limited thai menu making it great for a large group with varying tastes. They didnt do Hibachi at the normal tables which I found a bit shortsided. Many friends like Hibachi but they dont like the smell their clothes take on. Overall, the service was very on point, prices were very reasonable, food quality was very good. The filet I had was good, but not the highest quality. The chef cooking was alot of fun. Had a few new tricks I haven't seen. Another must visit destination.
5	Been to the hibachi twice, so I can't comment on the sushi bar. The service is great and the food is even better. Try the scallops, they are excellent.
4	Great sushi.  Though not all you can eat.  The Holy Moly appetizer is AWESOME
5	Fabulous food and service ... Peter is a wonderful host ....
5	Great hibachi dinner at a very reasonable price.
4	Visited this place, which I recently noticed off of Blue Diamond Rd, and I was sure glad I did. Although I was not very hungry when I visited, the service was very friendly and food was fresh. I came here with my fellow yelper Al, and our gyoza, california roll and chicken katsu was worth returning for. Their menu includes other dishes besides sushi, and they also offer a hibachi grill side of the restaurant which looks very nice....and very affordable. I will certainly visit them again.
5	Ohjah is the type of place you feel compelled to open a Yelp account for just to tell people how much you love it. By far the best hibachi in town. The prices are right, the service and cooks are awesome - genuinely nice people there. On a couple occasions if we found ourselves waiting for a bit for a few other people to join our cooking area, they've offered a free appetizer or a free drink. Not sure if that is official policy but it definitely was nice. The food is amazing. My girlfriend regularly gets the Salmon. I get Lobster and Filet.Only have had a couple of the sushi rolls, mainly go there for hibachi, but they were great!Always a fun atmosphere, always someone's birthday. If they could fix ANYTHING it would be to get a better birthday song for their iPod. Man. It's bad. And you'll hear it 1-5 times during your visit. Beyond that, excellent place. Absolutely try it.
4	Great service and amazing hibachi. Went there last night for dinner and was really surprised with this place. The food were so yummy and the chef really funny and skilled. I had a fried sushi and it was not good. So, I cannot judge on it once I had only one kind of sushi, i wouldn't order any other sushi. But would go back 1000ish times just for the hibachi. I had salmon, my hubby had the steak+chic OMG so tasty!!!
3	Nice show,but I like my food to all come at once.I didn't like that the vegtables came out way before the meat was cooked??I think this type of food should all be cooked at the same time.The meat and vegtables were good,but the portions were small.  I think with a few upgrades this could be 5 stars.
1	The service was the worst we have had iin years. My wife and I ate there tonite. We live near by and have been waiting for it to open.  We were seated right away. The waitress got our drinks took our order for an appetizer that came in 10 minutes. We then ordered a 3 roll  sushi special. That took 25 minutes to come. Way to long. We never were asked if we needed a refill on are drinks even when mine was empty. Then it took 20 minutes just to get the waitresses attention to get the check. After she brings the check she says do want a refill. ( ya right after I'm done eating) I said no that might take another 20 min. It took us an 1 hour and 20 minutes to get out of there on a single order. We will never go there again. Oh, and the people at the next table complained the the manager to. He gave them a free desert wow. Food was good but not worth the bad service and long wait time. We were there at 6pm
5	I typically come here for my coworkers get togethers but last month I had one of my birthday celebrations here. It was so nice because the Hibachi is not only delicious but the prices are really reasonable. They are also very accommodating because one of my friends brought me a cake and they were nice enough to keep it in their fridge till after our meal. When our meal was finished the waiter cut the cake and served it. They were busy that night but they didn't rush us out. The service and food is excellent! I can't wait till they open the one on Hualapai and Flamingo!
5	Yummy!! Super good food!!
5	Best Japanese Steakhouse in town! Prices are fair, service is excellent.
1	We will never come back to this place. After being regulars for over 3 months . Our server tonight was Tiffany. I think she needs more training. She continuously leaned over my husbands plate so she can pick up the dirty ones. So not right!!! I was also using the edamame bowl for my ginger she didn't even ask if we were done with it, before I could open my mouth to tell her that I was using it , she told me that there is nothing in there ....when it was time for us to pay she took the cc but when she dropped off the check she just threw it on the table and left . So sad how horrible their customer service is....
5	The service by our waitress Sally was amazing. She was friendly, efficient and made us feel like we were the most important people in the place.  Food came out fast and it was delicious. We will be back for sure...a lot
1	Ehhh I am normally a huge fan of Hibachi which is why this makes it so hard. Went in with a friend on a Saturday around 6:00 - was greeted and advised it shouldn't be too long for a spot at a table.  After waiting 15 minutes we decided to check out some other options - ended up being a fail so we called Ohjah and made a reservation for 8:00. Walked in right at 8:00 and was told well we have a few birthday parties here and no one is leaving.  Asked again how long will the wait be and was told once again not too long.  Now 8:30 rolls around and we are STARVING.  6-8 other people were also waiting and getting visibly upset because they did have a reservation and were STILL waiting.  Now on to the food - I have had much much better.. the typical show that accompanies Hibachi was not found at our table (maybe the guy was just over twirling around knives all day) but I was just not entertained. AIl and all the service was lacking, the food mediocre and I most likely will not be returning.
4	The caterpillar roll is my favorite. The hot edamames are great to start :) The first time I was here it was a great experience! My friends and I ordered their boat special- which was so filling we didn't even eat all the sushi. You choose three different sushi rolls and it comes with sashimi as well for $45- which I think is cheap compared to other places. Their Rock N Roll roll was a refreshing taste, it had salmon, tuna, avocado, and yellowtail wrapped in cucumber (a big roll but still tasty). Their baked mussels are juicy and tender. The service here is amazing. They're very attentive and always remember you whenever you visit :)
3	After a genuine message from the owner after my review - we decided to give this place one more chance.  Came in last night and opted for the dining area instead of the hibachi room.  Service was a HUGE improvement from my last visit.  Only Downfalls:- they charged us for an extra order of edamame - not going to complain over $3 - they charge $1 extra per roll to sub. soy paperWe will be back thanks to Saly & Peter to give the Hibachi room another shot as well.
5	Too good, plain and simple.  I've been going to Benihana for as long as I can remember and Ohjah is right up there with the big boys without the high ticket price tag.  The hibachi is freaking awesome, not to mention they have great sushi deals too...must try "The Boat", still haven't gotten a chance but it is a sushi display of pure beauty.  The service is always so friendly and quick, they always make sure you have what you need and they encourage that you check-in for your free house sake.  I absolutely love that Ohjah opened up five minutes away from where I live and that I don't need to get dressed to the nines to go there.  Love it!
3	Went there last night for my wife's birthday   This was our second time and were looking forward to it. We really enjoyed the first time but this time wasn't all that. Chicken was mediocre and getting my fried rice well in advance of the meat is unacceptable. Having been to many of these types of restaurants I have always received vegetables and rice at the same time as my meat. Everything lacked flavor this go around. And being charged extra for brown rice and the kids' noodles seemed ridiculous.  Not great interaction by the chef but it was pleasing to our eight year old son.  Three stars is an average of our two trips.
4	I like this place cause it's very close to the place i'm staying at. Word to the wise, if you order carryout sushi, and you order a baked roll, it's pretty gross once you get home. I had those same baked rolls when I actually sat down, and it was pretty good. 15 min of driving ruins baked sushi, i guess. lol. Service is great.
2	I've been there two separate times, one for the Hibachi and another sitting at a regular table. The time I went for Hibachi was excellent. Great service and decent food. But the other time we ordered wontons for an appetizer. We asked what type of meat was in the wontons and was told it was chicken. Plate comes out and it was obviously crab meat. We asked again, and the waitress told us it was crab and we told her we didn't eat crab meat so she could take the food back. She then told us that it was imitation crab meat so we could eat it. I am allergic to shellfish and knowing that it was real crab but telling us it was imitation meat is definitely a problem in my book. Other then that problem I would of given it at least 4 stars.
5	My 2nd time eating here and food and service is amazing.  Plus super clean.  Love it
4	we visited ohjah for the first time on my bf's bday. we got to the restaurant at around 6:30pm and there was not a lot of people at the place so we were seated right away. our waitress was polite and friendly. since it was our first time at the place, she explained to us how hibachi works. she is very knowledgeable about everything on the menu and answered all our questions. she suggested which was good to try, and we did, and they were really good and tasty. overall, the food was great, the services was perfect. the chefs are funny and very entertaining. they know their way on knives and food. the price was very reasonable. the place was also clean and neat.
5	Order the sushi boat! its amazing! really filled us up! the hostess was really great as well, she kept checking up on us and was really nice. we first had a small table, and when a slightly bigger table opened up, they we able to move us to accomodate as we wanted some elbow room which was good :)im very picky on my sushi places, so this place gives the thumbs up to me!
3	Pricey food was ok at best.
5	I'm a first time sushi eater and all the things I heard about sushi joints is that they smell like fish and are a bit dodgy. This place smelled great and it was very clean. Next, went to the bathroom to check the cleanliness - spotless! Then the staff was so friendly. From the way they spoke to you to the way they cleared our table, great service. You gotta see MANDY! She was so patient, understanding and funny. She made me ver comfortable for my first time. I will come back again. I went to "I Love Sushi" and I didn't enjoy my experience there and so I haven't been back to a sushi place in years because I didn't enjoy my experience - until today! Come to this place and bring your friends!
5	One of my favorite restaurants in Vegas and its close by! The staff is really nice and excited to see my family and I every time we walk in.The teriyaki salmon is my favorite from the lunch menu. I crave it and its greatly priced. Also the shrimp tempura, must get. I love taking friends from out of town to hibachi, they feel like we are really going all out at a fancy Vegas restaurant. I'm like a kid watching them cook in front of me. My mom tells me i need to stop telling people about her favorite restaurant. Lol :)
4	Family and I tried this restaurant for the first time! It was nearby and decided to try. Comforting atmosphere, great server(PETER) plus he also ordered for us since we didn't know what to try first. Great sushi! I am definitely going back!
4	Great, fun place. Good food. Nice atmosphere. Very reasonable prices. Good-sized portions. Highly recommend on a first date, spouse date or for a big birthday celebration.
5	We went for hibachi dinner last night and it was great. We had reservations for 5 and were seated as soon as we got there. Waiter was very attentive, immediately taking drink, then food orders. Soup and salad came out quickly. Small wait for the hibachi chef, but not too bad. He was very entertaining and I really enjoyed watching the show. I ordered the pick 3 special, got New York Steak, Shrimp and Salmon. It was all fabulous!!! Husband got Sukiaki Beef and really enjoyed it as well. It's not a cheap dinner, but a great value for all the food you get. We will definitely be back!
4	We went for the first time for their lunch special. I go the the stores next door often and always smell something good coming from this place. There were only a few people in the restaurant as it had just opened. We were seated right away and our server was very friendly and polite. We got the lunch special that was actually a really good deal! This place doesn't do AYCE and most of the places we go to do. The special included 3 pieces of sashimi (chef's choice) 3 piece nigiri, and a roll for around $15. The quality of the sushi was excellent. Everything tasted fresh. I can't remember the name of the roll I got, but it had a mango salsa on top. It paired really well!I want to come back to this place for more sushi and to try the hibachi! Definitely recommend it!
5	Food was awesome!  All five of our kids (2-12) loved it.  We ate in the dinning room this time and had sushi, chicken teriyaki, curry, edamame, mussels.  Everything was amazing. Our third visit to this location and we will definitely be back.
4	The sushi and service are consistently very good.I always order the rainbow roll when I get sushi - for two reasons: it's my favorite and it allows me to compares restaurants. Their rainbow roll ranks well.They just need a happy hour, or at least specials on Sake!
5	I think this could be the best bargain for quality hibachi food there is in Vegas! The staff is friendly and fun loving, the food is outstanding, the portions are great, and it is overall my favorite place for this type of dining!
5	One of the top meals I've ever eaten!Along with outstandingly fresh sushi, authentic yakisoba, perfect vegetable tempura, and melt-in-your-mouth mochi, the service there was the absolute best I've ever experienced. I don't write many reviews but felt this place needed my mentioning. Normally I research my restaurant options but yesterday we were starving and happened on this place so decided to chance it. As soon as we walked in the door the staff rushed to greet us and then got down on the kids level and talked to them for a minute. Awesome! They were also very helpful and patient with our many questions about menu items and didn't seem irritated by our indecisivness. We made our order and our rainbow roll was on the table within, not kidding, 3 minutes and was so SO fresh. As each dish was brought out and tasted, I was increasingly impressed. I wayyy overdid it on eating but the food was so worth it. The staff was very attentive and observant and when one of my girls started crying, they brought her over a small candy and talked to her. They were very polite and rushed to the door to bid us goodbye as well. We will be back for sure.
5	I been before and thought it was under priced, so today i'm taking a few friends with me. yeay
4	Very good !  We ate the sushi boat.. it was so fun.  The manager was nice.  The building has great lighting.. in all the right places... everything was great!
1	I've been coming to ohjahs for about 2 years and tonight has by far been my worst experience. I usually get the hibachi fillet mignion which is around $10. They refused to accommodate because I wanted to order that and was sitting in the restaurant area. (Perfect amount of food.) I don't really care where it's cooked. So I asked if I could get the kids mean which is TINY, $14 dollars and doesn't even come with noodles. So I had to order noodles on the side which was another $3. I don't mind paying for what I want because I know they're a bit expensive, But they didn't want to change anything! The service ungodly awful. Refills took 10 minutes, horribly rude... I won't be back. I don't even want to give one star... TAKE YOUR MONEY ELSEWHERE!
2	Ordered the beef yakisoba lunch box. Yakisoba lacked flavor.
4	I brought my cousins that were visiting from California to this location. The prices were incredible and the food was great!! However, the service for the Hibachi grill was a little slow because they couldn't get our grill to heat up. We were sitting there for a good 20 mins before our server explained to us what was going on. Luckily...the food made up for the delay and I will definitely come back to give them another try.
2	Another place I thought I write/wrote an extended review but then, poof ! Nowhere to be seen then I get a little note from yelp saying, hey, you took some pics, how about writing a review.Well, I am frustrated by the lost lengthy review so I will keep this one brief.  Went in for late lunch with the gf.  Mistaken impression that hibachi meant it was bbq'ing meats on a lil hibachi either self serve or cooked to order.  Told it was basically teppan style AND not available until evening.   Not happy.  Went ahead and ordered some sushi, soup and a few other unremarkable items.  Nothing stood out for either of us.No plans to return pics posted ages ago
4	"Japanese Vegas!"I never thought about trying this place until a liquor store opened up beside it. Since then I've been eating here about twice a month. Once my meal is through I go next door to the booze joint, buy a bottle of dessert, then slam it once I get home. It's win-win, baby.When you walk in through the single tinted door the seating area is to your right and the sushi bar straight ahead. I always sit at the bar so I can watch sports on TV. To the left of the sushi bar is the hibachi room. Dark, friendly and kind of exciting if the patrons' behavior is any indication.Since I'm in a Japanese eatery I always start with a flask of cold sake, usually Kurosawa. (They have several different sakes, domestic and imported beers, wines, and well drinks. There is no full bar or bartender, however. The server assembles/retrieves your cocktail.) While sipping from the tiny glass that is kindly refilled by one of the very attentive and fawning Asian lassies, I peruse the appetizer list. To date, I've had fried oysters, shrimp/vegetable tempura, fried pork and a few others. Many things to choose from. As for entrees I usually stick with sushi and have had most of the offerings listed on their extensive menu to which I've provided a link. I can honestly say I've never had bad sushi rolls here. I steer clear of the ones that come with cream cheese but have had most of the others. Those with salmon or crab are my favorites. The plates are always artfully arranged and very prompt in arrival.Here's the link to their menu: https://www.facebook.com/pages/Ohjah-%E7%8E%8B%E8%80%85-Japanese-Steakhouse-Sushi-Hibachi/242858075768977?id=242858075768977&sk=photos_streamOhjah is kind of my new hangout and only minutes from home. See you there soon.
5	Wonderful food and very good service. My husband and I have tried the Habachi grill which is superb, the regular menu is varied and everything we have ordered has been tasty. There is never a wait for a table or a place at the grill. I have not tried the sushi but it looks good.
5	This place lives up to the hype!!  Excellent, really fresh food.  Great service and super reasonable.  Not like the overpriced hibachi restaurants near and on the strip. My family and I will be regulars for sure!
3	Went a few weeks ago and the service was nice. Went in for tepanyaki, but the food was a salty overload. Although we enjoyed the atmosphere, it was a different change from our usual Musashi dinners. Service 3 stars. Food 2.
4	If you enjoy tepan grills this place is worth checking out. Food is always delicious and servers always entertain, regardless of age. Their sushi is fresh and tasty. There are certain rolls I love (like the Blue Diamond Roll, YUM!) and others I'm not particularly a fan of, but that's more a matter of taste rather than quality. The tepanyaki is delicious. I've had the chicken, steak, and shrimp with fried rice --- SO GOOD! I also appreciate that when I come here with a group of friends or just my boyfriend they'll allow me to sit at the grill if I only wish to order sushi. Granted, most of my visits have been during their slower times but I still very much appreciate that they offer it. My only complaint is that every time I visit, slow or busy, I have a very difficult time getting a second refill from my server. This only really bothers me because I can be with one or two others who get three or four refills and I will have to flag them down to ask for one. Nonetheless I always come back because their prices are really competitive and the food is phenomenal.
5	We pretty much have tried most stuff here and everything is just oh so yummy! Our favorite Japanese restaurant in Vegas! Service is fast and the servers are friendly. Their sashimi platters are to die for, always fresh and big slices too!
4	After a day losing money at the casinos, it was time to pause and celebrate my sister's belated birthday with some dinner...she wanted Japanese and this was one of the closest Japanese restaurants at Silverton and Yelp had some favorable reviews. We opted for the hibachi/teppanyaki and were seated promptly, drinks served, orders taken and ready to dine and be entertained by our teppan chef. Our chef was engaging and entertaining. Sitting with two locals who frequented the place further bolstered our confidence that we made the right choice for dinner...well, they were pretty drunk with multiple sake bombs by the time they started eating so maybe anything will taste good after that. Food turned out to be good and my steak was tender and yummy. Pleasantly surprised by the quality and flavor of the food...it wasn't too salty as is the case with most teppan style cooking. A good find!I guess drunkenness doesn't really dull one's taste buds after all.
5	Ohjah is amazing! Better than benihanas and much cheaper! $40 for two people, when its nearly 80-100 at benihanas. I love their fried rice so much flavor, I honestly love everything about this place and I recommend it to everyone. I go here about 2-4 times a week which is ridiculous!!! STOP CONTEMPLATING JUST GO!
5	This is our third time here but first time trying their teppanyaki. The a la carte menu has pretty good items including sushi rolls. Before tonight this was just a safe place to try decent Japanese near our home. Having the teppanyaki was the best decision! The cook also puts on a show, like the flaming onion ring volcano plus he launches shrimp from the grill into the patrons mouths. Now on to the food... we got the sukiyaki beef and NY steak (both prepared medium) as well as scallops, shrimp and salmon. For group of five, we just got 2 orders each of the above to share and it proved plenty. Totally loved everything we were served! I finished it all but the rest of the family had to get take out boxes. Also included were a cup of onion soup, salad with ginger dressing and grilled vegetables, which was also pretty good. The service is excellent! We'll definitely be back.
4	Very friendly service and management. Hibachi is ok, but sushi was great. Prices are very reasonable. $9 for the hibachi add-ons and from there you choose the meat (filet was an additional 8.5 so it would be 17.5 for filet).
5	I think this is my favorite place to get japanned food,  but ironically they have the best Thai Beef Curry I have ever eaten.  The staff is always very friendly and pleasant.  My daughter is like a the Cookie Monster when it comes to sushi and says it is bomb.  She is 14 hahahha.  I highly recommended the place for sushi Thai and hibachi style dining.
4	Pork Katsu lunch box.
5	This place rocks! I stumbled to this location because I was buying some liquor from Lee's which is just next door. So I decided. To come back.The ambiance is great! I actually would rate this as a great place to bring someone on a first date! The lights are dimmed at the restaurant area and the hibachi side was full of energy. They serve sushi and other Asian dishes. The hibachi is my favorite area.  What's good about it is that you can still order from items from the menu. The chefs are very entertaining.  They joke around with your table and do all the fancy tricks such as making the volcano onion, making the shrimp bunny, etc.  The food is cooked exactly the way your ordered it.  It's very tasteful and the sauce they provide work perfectly with the items you order (fish vs meat vs chicken).  Don't forget to check in because you get a free small sake bottle which was awesome! The price is very decent compared to other places such as Benihana.  It's about 40% less than the other hibachi restaurants.  I ordered there house combo which was to pick any 3 items for your dish.  It was a surprise that the filet mignon was able to be part of your 3 items.  The staff are super friendly and never has disappointed me.  I've been going at least 1 once month to treat myself and family.This place is awesome! Stop reading and just go and experience it for yourself!!!
5	Great place I gotta remember that when we come to Vegas we always make a stop here five star ...love it....
5	Absolutely delicious!! Great prices, great food, friendly service!! Went in around 6 on a Friday night, no reservations but we were seated immediately!! On the opposite side of town from where we live, but, well worth the drive! We will be back!!!
4	Sushi was good & so was the food. Decent pricing. Not my number 1 sushi place but heck of a lot better than any more easy of Nevada!
4	My boyfriend and I decided to try this place on a limb from yelp recommendations and I'm so glad that we did! The food is delicious! And is very reasonably priced. Im a huge lover of miso soup, so if the miso is no good I'll never return. Luckily they passed the test! We ordered the holy moly; which if you're a crab lover like me you can't go wrong! I was surprised at how large the potion was and it came with scallops which was a pleasant surprise because I also love scallops. We ordered the golden gate roll which was also very tasty. From just those three items I was so full we had to take home leftovers! I would recommend this place to anyone who is craving sushi and would like high quality food without spending a lot of money. Not to mention we got seated right away!
4	Customer service was very good.  The staff is super friendly - almost too friendly.  Every time someone passed our table, they would ask how everything is and then thank us.  Each one probably asked us 3x during our meal.  Never had to wave them down, because they frequently ask if we need anything.  They also say thank you when they bring your food, refill your drink, bring the check, etc.The food itself was okay.  The salad dressing was refreshing, and the soup was flavorful.  I really liked the "nachos", which were two deep-fried wonton wrappers with imitation crab and avocado on top. The cucumber salad was too salty,  the fried calamari was bland and the sauce it came with tasted like it was watered down.  The sukiyaki was good, but a little too sweet.  I ended up using the cucumbers as a condiment and put slices on top of everything to balance out the flavors.
3	The service was good... the food was fresh and tasty. I had sushi not teppanyaki so I can't review on that. Nothing memorable but it's pretty close to my house so I will be going again.
5	I recommend this restaurant if you have time to sit down an enjoy good Japanese food..! It is just a great atmosphere and they take the time to prepare it very well...! Top Notch!
5	Goodbye dinner for Hiroki had to include sushi! Awesome night. Awesome friends. Awesome food. Sorry we couldn't get oysters. Next time, and there will definitely be one!
4	love this place. cheap sushi, great deal, and FREE sake all this month. They have a groupon deal running right now 20 for 40$friendly staff :]
4	This is one of our staple restaurants. There isn't usually a wait, but it does get busy and lively. We haven't tried the hibachi yet, but are looking forward to it. The miso soup is good, and because I'm pregnant I haven't tried too much sushi. I did get a tempura shrimp roll once and was disappointed that the batter was soggy instead of crunchy. However, I recently had the shrimp tempura entree, and it was dynamite, so they clearly can make a mean tempura if they want. The tempura dipping sauce was a little bland. Many of their sushi specialty rolls tend to be on the hot side rather than sweet. I usually don't eat California rolls, but my husband did the other day, and it was the best CA roll I've ever had. It left me scratching my head wondering how a CA roll could be so good.Their teriyaki is pretty good. Sometimes the chicken is dry, but the New York steak is consistently good, and tender for NY. They reportedly make their own teriyaki sauce, and do not use MSG, huge plus.As for sides, their rice can be inconsistent, but their salads have good dressing and are pretty darn good for iceberg lettuce.The service is decent, but there are some new servers who do things like put the food on the middle or end of the table instead of in front of the person who ordered it. Usually not a biggie, unless its hot soup they put in front of a young child...That aside, it's one of our favorite "regular" places.
5	Went there for their Hibachi and enjoyed the show & food. Returned there today for their regular menu and we were not disappointed. Good food and service with avg prices. If your looking looking for a nice Japanese restaurant or a good Hibachi show this is the place to go. This is going to be a regular spot for us.
4	This is my favorite teppenyaki place in Vegas. They have great prices, delicious sushi selection and fantastic, attentive service. We used to frequent ohjah about once a week, but it got pricey. You can order the main teppenyaki dish for $8.95 and then add on your meat selection, whether it is filet or shrimp or both. The salad dressing is to die for... I wish I could just drink it. Their sushi is so fresh And they have a great assortment of rolls. Definitely will be back soon!
4	awesome food and CHEF! there are local spots that a tourist must try in las vegas... and this is one of them! great and entertaining chef :)
5	Wow.  I'm impressed.  The food and service we're all that.  Next time I'm in Vegas I will be back.
5	First timer & cannot wait to go back! Fresh sashimi, flavorful white tuna, addicting fried rice and a great selection of drinks! Was so incredibly full when I left, but now have been craving everything I had when I was there! Quiet, quaint, not very fancy, but fantastic and friendly service!
4	Ohjah is always a great time. If you want to go on a date and liven it up a little then ohjah is the spot. I have the scallops, filet, and chicken. Everything was super tender and juicy. I would recommend this spot for a local over a tourist though. It has a great atmosphere and can be a really good time. Chefs keep te table in a good mood!
5	The ambiance is beautiful! The server, Doson, was absolutely polite, efficient, attentive and friendly! Thechef was funny and cooked our dinner in record time. Our 8 year old son was very entertained and enjoyed his filet meal!!Would suggest filet with shrimp from the tempanyaki grill. Love this place!!
4	Oh, HELLOOOOOOO! Sail away with me...on their sushi boat!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!3 kinds of sashimi (sake, maguro, Hamachi) x 4 kinds of nigiri x 3 specialty rolls.We chose the Ohjah roll, Show Me the Love roll, and Cowboys roll. We tried to choose the most expensive rolls. OBVI. Just having a boat full of sushi come out to you is (almost) like love at 1st sight.Especially when it's $40!
4	The sushi rolls here are to die for, so elegantly decorated and every bite wants to you to have more. I thought cream cheese in the middle was a bit odd but now "Dark Cycle" is my favorite roll. The ambiance was great and they had a large TV to watch last nights NBA game which was nice. The reason why I'm giving a 4 star is b/c of the service. Our waitress had to be called over four times to get more water, the check, etc. We even had to get a different guy to get some of those things. I would definitely come back with my handy groupon.
5	I really love this place, and am sad I didn't know it existed until a couple of months ago. It's got everything going for it. The ambiance is beautiful, the waitstaff is friendly and eager to please, and the food it amazing. It's also very reasonably priced for the quality of food they offer. Ever since Nagoya closed down I've been looking for a good replacement. This place is even better than Nagoya in my opinion. I haven't tried the hibachi portion of this yet, I've only sat down for dinner but I'm willing to bet it's a positive experience.
4	For the best experience sit at the sushi bar and get to know the chefs.  They offer great sushi rolls with many to choose from.  The sushi boat is a great value and comes with so much stuff.  Staff is friendly and it's always clean.   The boba tea is very good here too.  Awesome uni when it's available.
4	My love and I heard good things about other Ohjah locations so one night we decided to check out the newest location on Blue Diamond, close to our home. We love sushi and hibachi and have ate at many hibachi type restaurants in and out of Las Vegas. So I was excited and had high hopes of a new restaurant close to home. When we first arrived I noticed the interior, it's beautiful, classy and not the typical Japanese decor that so many other places in town aim for. We were seated and I immediately noticed not only the wonderful smell of others already enjoying their meals, but the menu. Every item is al a cart, reasonable and inexpensive. Considering that we have spent well over $100 at like restaurants in the past for a party of two, I was presently surprised and already liking this place. But let's be honest, if the food is crap.....the prices really are irrelevant right? So, we both ordered different meats to try more of the menu. Me chicken, he steak. The chef came out and was fantastically funny, sweet and incredibly skillful while cooking. It still blows my mind the cracking and throwing of eggs lol. Anyways, back to the food. It was great! The rice was fluffy, the vegetables were tasty and the meat was cooked to perfection. We have since ate here many times and we have never been let down, I have tried all of the meat/fish items on the hibachi menu and they're all equally delicious. Did I mention I don't think our bill has ever been over $60 including tip? I haven't tried the sushi because the hibachi is so very good it's hard to try something else, when we usually only go there because that's exactly what were craving. I recommend everyone check out Ohjah on Decatur and Blue Diamond.
4	I live within a minute from this place. And I couldn't be happier to have a Japanese Restaurant near me. But I wish they had bento box options (like most Japanese Restaurants do), which they could revenue from those who don't eat seafood, or for the children..
4	I love this place, the food is great and servers are friendly. I had my birthday dinner here and ordered their boat.....which I have to admit is worth the price. The sushi chef was also really cool he made us a  small dish of one of his specials for us to taste which was awesome. I highly recommend this place and will be here more often.
4	I've been multiple times since they opened and will probably keep coming back. The people who work here are really friendly and that's always a positive!Their menu is really large so you're bound to find something you like.  I, myself like their sushi combos because you can choose 2-4 rolls from the menu (a deal on it's own), plus you get some pieces of nigiri sushi and some selected sashimi.  The price is decent also!  However if you do order one of these sushi combo platters and also plan to eat regular food off the menu (that's lots of food by the way), you should probably put in your sushi order first because they do tend to take a little longer to make these combos for some reason.I never tried the hibachi, but there's always lots of people in there so I assume it's pretty good.  All-in-all, this is a good neighborhood family restaurant and it's worth a try.
4	As a sushi fan on a budget, this place hit the spot. Attentive but not overbearing staff turn out plates of sushi faster than you can fill your sake cup. Pages of special rolls that go beyond the typical Philly Roll and Spider Roll. We ordered the Bonsai Dinner which included: *2 Special Rolls - Thumbs up for the Widow and Kamikaze Roll (smoked salmon? heavenly.)*TEN! pieces of Nigiri- no substitutions from the menu but the chef gave us top notch fishies*Seaweed Salad Along with a large Asahi and hot sake our bill was under $60. A much better deal than the ever increasing prices of All-You-Can-Eat on every corner of this sinful city.
5	Soo good and great laid back atmosphere.
4	Staff is beyond friendly, everyone will thank you - all smiles.  This is my 2nd time eating here: salad and entree was delish, however the soup was pretty much water. The 4 in our group sent it back; we agreed it was like watered down canned broth. It was all liquid and some wonton strips... No scallions or mushrooms. Three filets were ordered and cooked perfectly, I ordered salmon which was a bit dry but I used a dipping sauce which satisfied my taste buds. Serving portion is huge - no need to order any appetizers if choosing hibachi. We also ordered a bottle of Fuji apple sake, only 8% alcohol so it's very weak.  You need to like apple juice because it tastes exactly the same and just as sweet.
5	Wow! Service was awesome.  Food was great.   Most importantly, kids loved it.Free hot sake with a yelp check in so i had to pair that with a draft Sapporo which was literally ice cold!I had the sashimi salad - fish was fresh topped with roe and amazing dressing with just the right kick of spiciness.  Kids had the chicken teriyaki,  beef yakisoba.  Quality was great.  My lover had spicy beef -adorned with shrooms, peppers, and carrots.  The beef were chunks of steak.Pricing is reasonable and we left with to-go boxes.Oh and they had good boba.
4	Had the Special Rolls Combo: Tiger, Sweet Heart, and Crispy Tuna, more than enough food. CRISPY TUNA absolutely loved! It has all my favorites spicy tuna, tempura seaweed, eel sauce, & more. Delish!
5	This place is a gem......food was very very good and the staff was perfect. When we got the bill it was a marvelously pleasant reasonable surprise.....very fast service.....not one negative thing.....I'm going back fo sho!
4	My uncle picked this up to go for my mom and i. We really enjoyed the sashimi plate of 20 pieces. All of the pieces were very think and very fresh. The fish practically just melted in my mouth. The 20 pieces were not enough for all three of us, so we ended up going back and getting two rolls, Ohjah roll and the Las Vegas roll. I would definitely say stick with the sashimi. I will come back when I'm back in town most definitely
4	Teppanyaki grill is like sex... Even when it's bad, it's still good! Haha. Good food, pretty good service and was cheaper than most teppanyaki spots.
5	We had a wonderful anniversary dinner at Ohjah Steakhouse. The food was very good and the service was top notch. This place is just as good or better than the other expensive Japanese Steakhouse restaurants but Ohjah is a much better value. We will be coming back here for sure. I highly recommend this place to anyone looking for a nice restaurant.The menu has many tempting choices for you to choose from. We had the Hibachi dinner with New York steak, lobster tail, shrimp, and chicken. They were all perfectly cooked and delicious.  Next time i plan to try the sushi too. Also, we met some very nice people at our table which made the experience even better.
5	My husband and I love this sushi place so yummy!!! Excellent customer service and kind people work here ;)
4	Great service. Very attentive staff.Veggie egg rolls very tasty and it seems they give good attention to the main dishes.Typical fare.Warning: The plum wine is VERY sweet....like Moscato on steroids - and I enjoy Moscato. Sure, I expected sweetness but had to dilute it with water and ice to drink it as I don't sip wine. Did I say VERY sweet...almost syrupy. Guess I should have known better...my bad.Had the green tea ice cream. Will not try that again.  The "crust" in which the ice cream is wrapped was not to my taste so I mostly ate the green ice cream...not bad on it's own but not a fav.Nonetheless, they pulled out 4 stars for an overall grade to be fair.BTW...It was March and they had a fully decorated and lit Christmas tree up.  Jokingly, ask the waitress about it and she had no idea other than to say "...no room to store it."  Now that was funny. The tree was right by our booth. Pleasantly unexpected.
5	These folks are very nice and accomodating. We came late at 1030 and we were taken care of in a very professional manner. The food is delicious and portions are substantial. We will definitely return and try other menu items. I had the sushi special and the nigiri and sashimi were really fresh and the rolls tasty. Hats off! A winner on Blue Diamond and Decatur.
5	Love this place! My husband and I ordered their sushi boat and it was the perfect amount of sushi. We were both full when we left and the people were extremely friendly. Will definitely be back!
5	For "out of towners" this was an absolute treat!  Easy to find, great parking, great food, price and service!  Our kids had a blast as well. We enjoyed the bonsai dinner which had plenty of sushi for two. The price was unbeatable. Wish we had a place like this close to home. If you're not sure, go!Well worth the money and a delicious dinner to boot.
5	This place is in our neighborhood and is very delcious! They have a special it's buy 2 rolls get one free! Rocky is so funny and nice he's one of the guys who creates the delicious rolls! Whenever I need a quick bite I come here!
5	You won't be disappointed here...good food and great service.  Friendly atmosphere with fair prices. We'll be back and will recommend them to others...thanks!
5	I really enjoyed the food here. We ate hibachi. My lobster tail was amazing! The scallops were really good too. I'm craving it now haha! Was a very good first experience. I always see this place driving blue diamond. Glad that I gave it a try. Will have to do sushi next time!
4	Ohjah is the perfect sushi spot for us in the southwest. They have a great selection of rolls and lots of options for those who prefer their meals fish free. The main dining room is always fairly quiet and dark which sets up for a nice little romantic dinner. I prefer to go a little bit later to miss the crowd. We haven't had their hibachi yet but we have been dying to try because every time we're there, it sounds like they're having a great time!
5	This is the closest hibachi to my house and I love it! I went here back in February for my birthday and the portions are excellent and the chef did his normal routine of crazy knife flipping, shrimp tossing and creating volcanoes out of a stack of onions and oil. I also like the regular restaurant area because the regular rolls are decent. the sesame dressing in their house salad in phenomenal (a small detail I look for in Japanese/hibachi restaurants), the baked mussels are tasty and I loved the size of the glass when I ordered an oyster shooter. Surprisingly I also liked the portion of the pad Thai they serve here (yes, they have Thai on the menu at this place). I don't believe they do AYCE but it's still not a bad establishment to go to once every other month.
5	Great quality with great price.  Their dishes are more fusion Japanese than traditional, but I enjoyed it.  Sashimi grades are excellent
5	The entire staff was very pleasant and friendly. Food was amazingly delicious! I loved the pomegranate sake, just yummy. Not only did our waitress check back with us more than once, but the waiter and manager did as well. The lighting was great, music was at perfect level, and they were even showing The World Cup on TV. I am impressed with the entire experience. I highly recommend them. People that know me, know I am not one to give 5 stars, be today, it was well deserved!
5	Location is just perfect! The food are great and inexpensive. They have fast and friendly service from the moment you walk in til you leave you're greeted with a smile. Overall I highly recommend this place for everyone.
4	Scrump!!  And mother of god...the "Show me the love" roll. Allow me to drool ok the keyboard...okay I'm done. KAMPAI!
5	Food was fresh, hot, & delicious! First time here & everything was great. I would like to try the hibachi next time!
4	The combination fried rice was amazing.....three roll combo for $25...all in all a really great meal for the price.  Rolls could be a little bigger, but the quality and taste makes up for it. The restaurant was clean and the staff friendly, although the service was a bit slow. Overall I really liked the place and will definately be back.
5	Great food! Family friendly and service was awesome! Get off the strip and come here!
5	This has been my spot for years. They are so friendly. The food is super good, they cook it in front of you. And the sushi is to die for. And an amazing variety of sake. Try this place out. It's great, and not to expensive.
5	This place is always good and the hibachi is such a good deal. Chefs are always friendly and entertaining
2	Don't expect much.  I regret coming here.  I think what pretty much set the tone for my meal is when our server seemed like she was trying to convince us not to order our food when we were giving her our list of what we wanted.  She said it was a lot and when I said yes it is-she stood there like I was going to change my mind.  Specialty and signature rolls are ok, but pork katsu dinner was very dry.  I give credit to the sushi chefs but other than that I will not be coming back here.  I don't want to be offended when I order the food I want-like I don't know what just came out of my mouth.  Yes I'm hungry and yes I eat a lot.
5	The prices might be deceiving but it's all worth it! The hibachi was awesome! I recommend getting the hibachi combination it comes with, salad, onion soup, rice or noodles, and 3 entrees for only $30! As an awesome bonus the chefs put on a show for you while they cook! This place is defiantly worth a visit.
5	This place never disappoints.  The teppanyaki rice and noodles are soooooo good! I always get steak and shrimp, delicious. :)
5	Last night was my 2nd time there and once again the food and the atmosphere was amazing. The two chefs I've had we're phenomenal and hilarious. Would definitely recommend this to friends.
5	We come here often and love the consistency of our rolls. They serve the best non filtered sake. The staff is friendly and very attentive.
5	This place is divided into two different Japanese restaurants, you can dine on the tappanyaki side or the regular menu side. Both are very delicious. There are so many tappanyaki restaurant and Ohjah has the best. The price is reasonable and the food is very good quality. The chefs are super fun and they definitely bring their unique tricks to grill. As for the regular menu side, it's a little more pricy but the food does not disappoint. I wish they offered All You Can Eat sushi, but they don't so getting the sushi platter or sushi boat would be the next best option. I love their sashimi and nigiri because their fish is really fresh. However, if someone your party doesn't eat sushi, they may not enjoy the selection on the regular menu and it would be more ideal to eat on the tappanyaki side of the restaurant. Lastly, I would have to say that the service is a little better on the regular menu side than the tappayaki side. It seems as though the waiters are a little slower and distracted on the tappayaki side. But on the regular menu side, I have to give two thumbs up to the waiters. Often times you order sushi at restaurants and there seems to be a language barrier or something, but here at Ohjah they usually understand what you're ordering and they rarely get orders wrong. I give the waiters a lot of credit for knowing their menu well.
5	Such good service they are amazing!! Food is delicious especially the hibachi!!! If you are around this area come and eat some delicious food!
4	The food was pretty good and very reasonably priced. We had a couple sushi rolls with some chicken curry. Everything was solid and I'll be going back for sure.
3	Went with my colleagues (8 people) around 5PM and was seated right away. It took some time for the chef to show up but we didn't mind since we had our drinks and the free sake after checking in Yelp. I had the New York steak hibachi which was ok. Service was great but their sake menu was very limited. Bottom line: great service, inexpensive, average food and limited sake options.
5	I love this little local restaurant. I have been to another location and this one multiple times and have not left disappointed. They offer sushi at the sushi bar or anywhere in the restaurant and I find it to be of great value and excellent quality.  The rolls are large and filling, definitely worth grabbing if you stop in.  I also recommend the teppanyaki style dining, it is extremely affordable and is of much better quality and appeal than any of the large competitors like Benihana's or other teppan style restaurants in town. If you want to avoid the teppan, you can just grab an entree off the regular menu. We have tried many of the different options and all of them are greatly priced and extremely filling. Many times me and my wife will just split an entree and some rolls and leave their over filled with left overs. If you're ever looking for some good Japanese, I highly recommend it.
5	My boyfriend and I came out to Las Vegas for fun. I searched for hibachi grill and this was one of the first to pop up. We had to drive a little ways since we were staying at Treasure Island but it was definitely worth it. The sushi was very decently priced and yummy. Our hibachi cook was very good. The filet mignon was so juicy, tender and flavorful. I thoroughly enjoyed this place and highly recommend it. :) Would love to go back again.
3	I have been here several times for hibachi dinner and I can tell you that your dining experience here will depend on which chef perform/cook your meal. One chef will give you a 5 stars experience while the other one will make you question yourself for why the hell you're spending a lot of money for a lousy meal.My regular and favorite chef is the tall skinny (Viet) chef who always does an excellent job entertaining guests and also make a good meal. When you go to a hibachi dinner, you expect entertainment in addition to good food. As for the other chef who cooked one of my meals, granted he was very nice, he basically just focused on cooking the food and not very entertaining at all. Even worse, the food was salty and just overall not good.Since you are sharing the hibachi cooking table with other guests, I'm not sure if you can choose which chef will cook your dinner. Due to this reason, I am now less likely to take my guests here for dinner, which is too bad since this experience is unique and could be a lot of fun compared to strip buffet.If you plan to come here for hibachi dinner, make sure you understand the rule of roulette. Your dining experience could land on red or black, and sometimes green :-)
5	We've been driving past this for over and finally decided to give it a go. Soo glad we did. Very nice interior and atmosphere. Excellent quick and friendly service. Food was great and the price was incredibly reasonable. Family friendly as well. Overall a great experience and will return often.
4	So delicious and amazing prices! Half the price of Geisha House.The music is extremely soothing. Love the place and will go back often.
5	I don't know what it is about their combination fried rice, but every time I order it, the planets seem to align and all seems right in the world.
5	Food is always good!! Awesome value!! Price doesn't reflect how good the quality of food is!! No skimping here!!
5	We were seated very quickly and a server was there to take our order.   We did the 3 rolls special.   The summer breeze roll was one of my choices.   That was the lightest and best tasting roll I've had.  That's ideal for a quick lunch or a light dinner.  Very refreshing!  Definitely a will go back and I highly recommend trying that roll.    All the sushi is very fresh and great.
5	Love this place. We dine here about once a month or so. My little grandsons love the food and the chefs. Typical Tepanyaki, but always fun and the staff is friendly. They really make you feel like they are happy that you came in.
5	I love this place! It's right next to my house! I brought so many friends and family over here! I order rolls to go almost every week! Stuff is always nice and happy to see you:) I recommend to check it out! It's good for 2 or big party!!!!
4	Awesome, our family loves coming here. Our 2 year old enjoys the little show they put on and he eats well every time! They were very accommodating with my infant in the car seat. The fried rice is so yummy. Sashimi is awesome! Minus 1 star because every time we come the server/host(ess) seems to always rush us in ordering our food. I understand there are other families in the group and of course we don't want to keep them waiting but both times, the others have barely ordered their appetizers and with two littles ones..we have to get ourselves situated and be able to read the menu while fighting with usual "kid" stuff at the table. This time, it seemed like she was already frustrated that we needed 5 minutes to decide what we wanted. Anyway, we ordered 2 hibachi dinners, one with NY Steak & the other with Teriyaki Chicken, a Rainbow Roll, Calamari, 2 orders of Tuna Sashimi, a large Sapporo beer, and Apple juice = ~$90 with tip. Not bad - will definitely come again.
5	My husband and I have been coming here for years now. We absolutely love Ohjahs!! The food and service is always amazing. Do yourself a big favor - skip Benihanas and go to Ohjah!
5	We ordered appetizers, sushi, beef sukiyaki and teriyaki chicken and fried rice.  Everything was delicious.  Very flavorful.  Will come back for sure !
5	Me and my friends like to go there. The cooks are always fun, haven't had a bad cook yet! I would rather go there than to benihana's
5	I usually go there have sushi.I went there to have late lunch with my friend.We had ohjah boat with my favorite rolls(dark cycle, cowboy, gentlemen's club).Very good price, 3 rolls were very tasty and sashimi was fresh. Service is always good.I always go there to have sushi. Haven't tried hibachi yet... Hibachi area is always busy. I will try hibachi next time for sure.
5	Went to ohjahs tonight. It was our first time there. Outside it smells AMAZING so you instantly float your way in. The lighting was perfect which set the mood. My girlfriend and I spilt some sushi which was splendid! Very fresh. If your in the area def stop at this spot to try it out.
5	man this place is awesome. first time coming here, didnt know what to expect. first off, theyre appetizer serving is a lottttt. theres more meat than the breading. really pleasing. entre was great. poooowerfuul flavor. cant say anything else, but you have to give this place a try.
3	Made a reservation and when my family of 4 showed up they told us they had no room for us. Very poor customer service skills!....Since my initial post, the owner has reached out to us and apologized for the incident. We are going to give the restaurant another try. I have increased the star rating to a 3 and will readjust again once we dine at the restaurant.
5	I went there to celebrate my friend's couple who will marry soon this time:)We sit at hibachi this time and order some signature rolls (ocean view, rock and roll)It was first time to try ocean view roll! It was very good! Fresh scallop and asparagus was fantastic combination! Must try!!Their ginger dressing for house salad is always good :) hibachi combination is very good price!
5	I come to Ohjah pretty frequently and leave completely satisfied each time. Each visit we are greeted with a smile by the friendly staff. Whether it's hibachi or just regular dining, the food never disappoints. I typically enjoy ordering the 3 roll special or the Ohjah boat. They also have an amazing selection of sake, some of which are not on the menu. Service and management are top notch! All the servers I've had are so kind and attentive. It's always packed at this location, so make reservations!
3	Good Prices, Okay Dishes, Excellent ServiceIn terms of the food, the sushi dishes were somewhat tasty, but an overall fail compared to some of Ohjah's competitors.  I ordered a variety of sushi dishes.  I enjoyed the rolls, but just found that the execution didn't match Soho (or Nobu - but that's fair) for the yellowtail jalapeno dish.  As to the short ribs, they were essentially Korean galbi, which were bland and tough.  I would definitely not order that dish again, although I would go back to try the other dishes because the price point and service were good.
4	Service was excellent and the prices are great....but the food quality was lacking a little. Went here to celebrate a friend's birthday dinner and my salmon was over cooked. Also the rice wasn't as fluffy as it should be. Maybe next time we will just sit at the sushi bar...
5	Love this place. Had a great experience here and had fun with the cooking tricks at the table, will definitely be back.
5	I went here with my family (party of 11) for my birthday dinner and I am really glad that we opted to go here. Everything about this place was perfect, from the ambience and service to the food itself. Definitely try the Hibachi combo if you're going here, it's a really good value for the quality and quantity of food that you receive. On top of that, the hibachi chef was incredibly talented and passionate about what he was doing. We arrived late for our reservation (sorry :( ) but the waiter was very understanding about it and didn't even rush us even with another reservation for our table only an hour from the time we arrived. Overall, it was a great experience and I will be back next time I visit Vegas! 100% recommended.
1	Not impressed with the chef! Threw pepper in my drink. Not very personable. Food was good.
1	Ordered sashimi salad, teriyaki chicken, roll and kimchi soup.Sashimi smelled like fish even with strong sauce, teriyaki chicken meat was dry, the rice inside roll had old smell.Also waitress we had was no smile with princess attitude.Overall,would not recommend to go there!
5	so it was my third time here...... well, Walked in the door and was intimidated instantly because it was super busy, and there wasn't anyone at the door to greet us.  Other customers were waiting at the door as well but when we walked in the restaurant... it was busy so i can see why there weren't any greeters. Anyway, had dinner with my roomie and the food was more amazing than the last time! Sunny was amiable charming . Aram, our server, was very knowledgeable  and attentive! Best experience we had so far! For starters: We ordered the gyu-ishiyaki, it was thinly sliced New York Steak that you grill on a hot rock yourself. It was extra fresh and beyond tender, because i was able to grill the meat to my liking.  Aram was quick to replace the stone too. For our entree:We ordered the regular 15 pc sashimi combo and fish. It  was very refreshing, presentation was absolutely beyond expectation. I was impressed with the  freshness because the aray of fishes could have come out anyway but everything was clean and fresh. (shashimi to nigiri)We also ordered two sides of sushi rice to go with the sashimi which was the perfect amount for the two of us. Must mention that we sat at the sushi bar so we witnessed the preparation and all was well.We were too full to go on to dessert so we skipped it.Oh and by the way, embelished in the Ferrari  Carrano Merlot, because the price was very  reasonable. Yummy! The chardonnay is excellent too, if you're into whites. But, the house hot sake went down just fine.Overall, everything was satisfactory and beyond! Much better than Oyshi up the road, higher quality and better price. Gave both places several chances and much happier with my experience here, will be  back again, for the service, ambiance, and quality.
4	I've ordered take out and sat in and have always enjoyed myself. Of course I didn't add the extra star because of the wait, sometimes. But that's how good this place is.
5	Freakin delicious! Black widow, dynamite, and kraken. Yummmmm!!!!! And $3 sake bombs, yaaaa!
5	My wife and I joined friends at Ohjah Japanese Steakhouse (Blue Diamond and Decatur) recently. I was a little hesitant about the restaurant choice because I've never had a taste for sushi, but the majority rules, so I agreed. It was the night before New Year's Eve, and the restaurant was pretty much filled. Chefs were putting on shows at many tables. Patrons were clearly enjoying themselves; the restaurant was buzzing with laughter and excited chatter. Our service started off a little slow, but soon we had our appetizers. Everyone in our group had sushi; mine, thankfully, was cooked. And it was very good! Between the delicious appetizers and the salad, I was enjoying myself in spite of my earlier reservations about going to a restaurant known for its sushi. I could have left at the point and been very satisfied. But then the chef - I believe his name is Van - came over to our end of the table and started an amazing display of acrobatic and culinary showmanship that was a joy to watch. He introduced each element to us and was soon flipping things into the air and even flipped a cup into his hat all the while keeping a fast beat with his cooking tools. Fascinating to watch! The scallops and shrimp were excellent, and the vegetables were cooked and seasoned to perfection. But the standout was the steak. The most tender and flavorful steak I've had in years. Melt-in-your-mouth with no fat or waste at all. And we had more than enough to take home for leftovers. We left late, and as the chef and then the waiter cleaned the table, we asked what they were cleaning with. Lemon juice, they said - no chemicals. That impressed us. And he said they would clean it again the next morning. Overall, we were very impressed. Delicious food, very clean restaurant (even the restrooms were immaculate), friendly service and a terrific show, too. The Ohjah at Blue Diamond and Decatur is definitely worth revisiting.
