5	Really impressive. Their surprise chef specialty lunch special is a fab option.... there are a few to choose from going up to $20.00 per person. It comes with a choice of soup or salad.  The little won ton soup is overly salty, so watch out. The salad was a good size although the ginger dressing was just this side of too spicy for me.  -Haven't tried the miso soup yet.  The sushi is A-1. Real fusion sushi here.  They come decorated with edible flowers and custom sauces depending on the roll. The service on my first two visits were great, my young waiter yesterday had some polishing up to do, with some moments of confusion.  Probably new since he seemed lost as to when to collect the plates.  Important note; the sushi rolls do not contain loads of rice. I will return soon enough  :-)
4	Very inspired menu. Only negative is that service is a tad too laid back (slow)
2	- Made reservations. Japanese guy answered phone. Didn't ask for name/number (meaning no reservation)- The place was nearly empty (reservation not needed)- Kitchen was resistant in accommodating my dietary restriction- Waiter kept coming back and asking why I couldn't eat certain items- Sushi was presented quite fancy but, in terms of actual quality, it merits a 3/5- Overall, I felt uncomfortable, unwelcomed and unsatisfied.
2	A shrug-worthy meal, at best. Went with a daily deal-type coupon and started off well with a tasty miso soup and gyoza, but when the sushi arrived, it was chock full of blah. Nothing special at all, and a really uninspired "chef's choice" selection. You would think that a smart owner/manager would use the daily deal as advertising, entice people into his business at a small loss and serve up food that would leave the customer feeling like they must come back, quickly and often. That was certainly not the case. I left feeling like I was served the cheapest rolls I could be served. They were rolls that you could get in any sushi place, equal or better tasting and for less money. Left very hungry and definitely UNsatisfied.Our server ignored simple requests that would have made our dining experience better. Seemed like he could care less. The asian "manager" seemed to barely understand, so I decided to not bother leaving comments. (I had the same phone reservation experience as a previous Yelp'er.)A while ago, I visited Aikawa and reviewed it, saying that the sushi was amazingly fresh but way overpriced. I have since told people about Aikawa in the context of "if you have money to burn and want really interesting sushi..." As for Zento, I have absolutely no reason to recommend that anyone eat here, and I will definitely NOT be back.1 1/2 stars for blah sushi, plus 1/2 star for very nice decor. Sadly, I didn't go to please my eyes, I went to please my mouth and stomach - and they both left unhappy.
