3	Gord and I drove to St. Jacobs a couple weeks ago.It was lunchtime so we went to Benjamin's Restaurant & Inn.Nestled in the heart of the Village of St. Jacobs, Benjamin's Restaurant & Inn offers its guests the charm of a vintage inn with modern conveniences for your comfort. For 150 years, the building which houses Benjamin's has accommodated overnight guests. Built in 1852 by a local Mennonite named Joseph Eby, the original "Farmer's Inn" was a stage coach stop en route from Berlin (Kitchener) to Elmira and all other points north.I had a hamburger and fries.  The burger was good ... the fries so-so so I just had a few.Gord ordered the wild boar meatloaf. He had asked to substitute the sweet potatoes fries (he's not a fan) for potato salad and the server ended up bringing both.  He said the meatloaf was good.The restaurant is quaint and old fashioned ... there was mostly an older clientele when we were there.
4	Uniquely prepared and presented dishes with a European bent and an atmosphere to match, with efficient and friendly service. It is safe to say there is something for everyone here.
4	I came here because 'Jacob's Grill' down the road had a 20-minute wait. I was hesitant at first because it looked like it would be really old-fashioned. I was wrong...kinda. The inside decor is very traditional but it's not rundown and the tables are dressed nicely with linens and fresh flowers.The service was good, we had a friendly waitress although she seemed just a tiny bit displeased when we passed on dessert.I had the catch of the day ($16) which happened to be almond-crusted whitefish with corn relish and pesto aioli. It was served on a bed of sweet potato fries with a side salad. The salad was dressed rather blandly but the fish and fries were delicious!My friend had the bison burger topped with peameal bacon ($13) which came with the same salad as mine. The burger was quite large...great value for the price.Next time I'm in St. Jacob's looking for a bite to eat I will definitely come here again.
4	I've been coming to Benjamin's for years and it's always been my favourite restaurant in St. Jacobs. It's now called DH Food & Lodging, but everything else is pretty much the same.I got the burger and potato salad for lunch today. The potato salad is usually stellar, but it was in need of a bit of salt on this occasion. Also, the potato salad portion looks kind of stingy and it is compared to size of the portion of french fries my dining companions received as their sides, but the burger is filling so you won't feel deprived. The burger patty has this incredible depth of flavour. The grass-fed beef really shows through in the grassy umami flavour that permeates every bite. The burger patty was juicy, luscious, and delicious. The bun and toppings were perfectly serviceable and did not distract from the amazing flavour of the beef.
