3	I appreciate how clean it is here and that's probably because they have a lot of employees. Despite all of help, I still waited so long for an iced mocha that I ate all of my fries while standing at the cash register.Kudos to major employers in small, rural areas!
2	I'm a big fan of mc d's but I was expecting more when I saw pork chop biscuit what a fail.
1	12/11    Most unreliable WiFi in town. The manager will look you straight in the eye and lie to you about a cut antenna but I've tested with multiple devices and times/dates and know this isn't true.1/12     STILL the most unreliable WiFi in town! Does zero good to complain. Obvious they could care less.
5	This is the very best McDonalds that I have ever been to. It is always kept spotless on the inside, and the outside is always well landscaped. This McDonalds has won the town's "Yard of the month" award on numerous occasions. The drive thru is the fastest you will find for any fast food restaurant, and I've always received my order accurately and fast.
1	Having people that don't speak English very well taking orders in the drive thru is a recipe for failure.  I always try to double check but feel rushed because of the amount of people behind me. My order is right 50% of the time.
1	Worst McDonalds in the United States of America. I could get food faster in a prison cell. You have a better chance of the Pope going to hell than getting good service here.
1	Most fast food places fall in the the meh category for me. They get the job done but sometimes they are slow or the bathroom is rank or the fries are soggy or something. This McDonald's is by far the worst fast food experience I've ever had. They had about 3-5 employees working at around 12 am on a Saturday night. There were about 15 of us in line and it took over an hour to get our food...... An hour for "fast" food. I could have went into an ihop and had two sit down meals during that time frame and filled up gas. The employees did not seem to care and had no sense to work faster. Didn't feel like they spoke English well and an overall sense of indifference towards the customers. I would avoid this McDonald's at all costs, a below mediocre McDonald's with probably terrible management allowing the employees to be so apathetic and worried only about getting their hours in. AVOID!!
