5	If your looking for serious art supplies, THIS IS THE STORE! My favorite store to shop at EVER! After being a manager of a retail store for over ten years I really appreciate great customer service. All who work at Artist Craftsman and Supply deserve BONUS NACHOS for there outstanding service! The prices are good, they have everything you need and more! And if by chance they don't have it....no problemo, they will get it for you quickly! Thanks to all who treat me like a queen there!
5	I can't be bothered to write a proper review at the moment, because I'm gonna go get my craft on! But Artist & Craftsman Supply has it all! And if for some reason they don't have in stock what you need, they'll special-order it for you. It's jam-packed with so many cool supplies, so don't feel overwhelmed. The staff was really friendly and they also offer a student discount. Hurray!
5	I haven't spent as much time in Artist and Craftsman as I should and I have always known that, however today really made me see that I need to go in there more often! Not only was the service great, I was escorted directly to what I was looking for but when I was a dollar short Greg fronted me the dollar out of his own pocket using the honor system! I will be going back tomorrow with his dollar and to pick up a few more things! My great experience today aside, they have always had everything that I have ever needed and for really good prices for a nice quality art shop!
5	we  happy to have it great store love their collection, if we  can have a card for discounts above certain amount will be great. great job
5	This place is the bee's pajamas. Is that how that expression goes? Maybe I've spent too much time sniffing fumes in the paint aisle.Going into the basement space is always such a treat. They have a huge selection of supplies for the craft geek to have a real field day. Most recently I went in for painting supplies and was bowled over by their extensive selection of acrylics. They even have a section chock full o' toys and gag gifts. Holy stick on mustaches, Batman.
5	Located on Gorham, right by AJ bombers and Pelmeni's is this awesome place to get your supplies. There's an adorable sign above street level, you head down the stairs and lo and behold you find this amazing treasure trove for craft geeks. I've found threads, felt material, tweezers, jewellery start up kits.. There's even pranks and funny gifts you can get for your friends or toys for your kids! Love it. Only thing missing is fabric, like yards of fabric for making clothes of my own. But you can find that in other stores out by the malls. Just a tip, show your student ID for 10% off! Great service, the folks there are like super chill and trendy. Love visiting when I'm getting ideas for new projects :)
5	This is the happiest place on earth!  It has an incredible selection for all levels of artists and hobbyists.  The staff - helpful, polite, and accommodating.  I could not recommend stopping by just to marvel at the wonderment inside!
