3	John's Country Kitchen is a good place for a basic country breakfast in the Plaza Midwood hood...  basic short order grill.  You can eat at the counter if you like.  Menu includes items like steak biscuits, grits, eggs, omelets, livermush, hash browns, etc.    The biscuits and gravy were tasty.  Every time I have had breakfast here it takes longer than it seems like it should but it has always been busy, probably because breakfast choices are so limited in this neighborhood.  Three stars for good, but not great.  John is always behind the counter, and will make sure that you are happy with your meal.
4	At breakfast John's has some of the best home fries in town. Their country ham is also nice and salty like it should be add good biscuits with eggs how you like them and you have a great breakfast; plus Jimmy is always ready with a smile and a hello. Fridays at lunch he serves an excellent fried chicken.Updated 9/2012 Jimmy is about to open up a new place on Carmel road in the space formally occupied by Carmella's, I look forward to eating there though Charlotte will sorely miss John's and Jimmy's great breakfasts.
3	This is the place you think of when you think of a classic short order diner.  The food fits the image, home style foods at pretty cheap prices.  I have not been able to get there for breakfast, but the place still draws a nice crowd for lunch as well.  If you are in the mood for country cooked food and are not watching your diet, stop in for a visit.
4	Hands down the best breakfast in Charlotte, with an entertaining floor show to boot if Jimmy is fussing at his mother (or vice versa). On a good day, I'll start off with a John Biscuit - basically a ham, egg and cheese biscuit....that's an appetizer according to Jimmy (owner and John's son). Their grits are perfect so I rarely get hashbrowns (which are diced/fried potatoes vs. waffle house style). Smoked sausage is great - not your typical generic sausage - order the "big links". The other trick that I learned is to order "grilled toast". One of the No Grease barbers ordered it once, and I was sold...he butters up the bread and grills it on the flat top....ridiculously good. My only complaints are  the average to below-average coffee and the tiny napkins (also no equal...boo). Wait staff has typical diner efficiency. Get their early for breakfast on the weekends!!!! How people can pay double digits at Zada Jane's when this gem is across the street is beyond me.
4	Achieving "semi-Regular" status here is one of my proudest Charlotte accomplishments.  This is what breakfast should be. Eggs, biscuits, bacon for two people, with plenty of coffee, for less than $15.There are establishments nearby that charge nearly twice that, just for the swany decor.  The service and the biscuits keep me coming back for breakfast each week.Jimmy, the owner, is a helluva nice, hardworking guy.  Quick to turn from the griddle to ask how you're doing, how the food tastes, etc.A definite throwback to Charlotte before the hip, trendy crowd moved in. And this coming from a twenty-something transplant... Not open on sundays, so do it the way the old-timers do: arrive at 6am on a weekday before work! John's Country Kitchen... I'm at home!
4	When I finally got my act together and went to John's for breakfast, I found it was much like the little diners I knew growing up in Chicago.  Stools and a counter running through the shop, behind which hovered a giant letterboard menu (with prices that seemed to match my childhood memories), and efficient waitresses with pots of coffee and a confidence in their food.I got an egg sandwich (served on a delicious biscuit) and a side of grits.  It was cheap and delicious.  A place like this didn't stay open for nearly 30 years by disappointing in taste or taxing the wallet.  It's just an honest diner.  Classic.
4	Love this little diner!  Fast service and local atmosphere.  I always get the breakfast sandwich.  CASH ONLY dont forget.  If you are a diner lover you will love this place.  Get there before 9am if you are trying to go on a Saturday because it gets packed.
4	So there's the pretty cheap, surprisingly tasty breakfast standards that don't make you want to immediately retreat back to your comfy bed due to grease content. There's the chromed bar and hightop stools, push-letter specials board, mirrored walls. Cheerwine in the can, KILLER biscuits, simple, perfect grits (and good bacon, according to a pal - grit-scoopable, that all-important quality).But what makes this place superrad is the service. They handle The Rush with panache - letting you know what to expect wait-wise, where the comfiest place to sip a coffee while your table finishes up is, lots of smiles and reassurances. Plus you can get onion rings at 10am. Score!!
3	This is very cheap food - the eggs and bacon are good, veggie omelet not so much.  Service is amazing and you are really made to feel welcome - I think the better call is the pancakes or french toast.
4	After checking in with Yelp, the Fam and I decided to visit John's.  The decor was non-existent, I guess this is how they are able to keep the prices so low.  We fed a group of three for about 25$.  In these time we sure have to watch our pennies and this is the perfect place to for it.  The table barely had enough room to accomedate all of our platters.  The waitress was awesome and kept the coffee cups full. Each customer received a personal greeting unpon entering. The food was pretty good.  Something that I have never seen on a menu before....brains(pork) with eggs, and livermush.  If you are brave enough to try it please post and let us know!
4	This place is cheap on price, great on eats. I was a little hungover and decided to go here with a friend - I was not disappointed. The wait was only a few minutes. We ordered, 2 eggs, 3 slices bacon, hash browns, biscuits and country ham - all tasting like my grandma would have made them. Enjoyed the coffee and plenty of hangover removing water. I left there with a stuffed belly and took a nice little nap afterwards. The waitress was very friendly and the cook was nice too. I AM GOING BACK!
5	Cheap, quick, delicious. I don't think much more explanation is needed. On the weekend the place fills up quickly so be ready to stand and wait. Before you order 3 pancakes be warned. They aren't IHOP sized.
4	There are only so many local places left in this world.Even though not every establishment is a chain, most all of them think like a chain.  It is not exactly that they have the intention of branching out, but they have that mentality that if it is good enough for Burger King, it is good enough for them.Luckily, there are a few places that still do it old school.One of those is John's.  There is nothing chain-like here.  The menu is a piece of paper, folder over multiple times (three?).  If (all-too-faulty) memory serves, it is not even laminated.  Chain-like?  Not at all.  Cost-effective?  Absolutely.  If a price changes (rarely) or something happens to one, print another, rather than expensive trips to a custom printer.As to the service and the food?  Again old school.Food is served efficiently and quickly, and you get great value - though I will concede that this is probably not what some will consider their cup of tea.  Still, it is definitely a great place.  Check it out.
4	It's a rarity to find a legit, family owned diner these days. You know, the one where mama is in the back cooking, her son is at the grill and plenty of teasing happens. That's the epitome of John's Country Kitchen. It's definitely a family affair and it works really well (per an outsider's view). Service is sweet and straight forward - they'll take care of you and be sure to tell you how long you'll be waiting. The menu is pretty straightforward with a matrix of egg and meat combinations. I chose the veggie omelet with turkey sausage. It was a nicely cooked, sizeable fluffy omelet with oodles of tasty turkey sausage, plenty of veggies and served with an hearty side of potatoes and biscuits. While I've heard the biscuits are incredible here, they tasted off to me...just like biscuit mix (too much flour maybe?). Bad biscuit day, perhaps? No worries, though, I had so much food with my potatoes and omelet, I wasn't lacking. I also tasted a pancake - thin, golden brown and delightful. Affordable deliciousness. With a warm diner environment, solid coffee and good eats, John's Country Kitchen is a great place to grab a bite. Cash only, folks!
4	I love this place!!! Whenever I go out for breakfast this is where I go! Country ham A+ Biscuits and Gravy awesome! Everything is made to order so be aware it may take a little bit of time if the place is busy. People are very friendly here. Don't go here if your looking for an extensive menu very basic here but quite good. It is must for someone who enjoys some good home style food and don't want to go to a nasty chain like Cracker Barrel
2	CASH ONLY!!! Good Service!!As far as the food is concerned, I'll just say I am not impressed.  Its TOO cheap!  I am not looking for the cheapest price for the cheapest food.  I am not a college freshman anymore.  Instead, I am looking for QUALITY food at a reasonable price.  With that being said, you can taste the cheapness in the food.The service was top notch however.  I cannot say enough about how friendly the staff was.  This might be the one and only place I would go back to DESPITE the food and simply for the service.
3	My dad loves the whole small country diner feel so whenever he comes to town we always go to "Liberty East", which I hate. So I recommend we try Johns last time he was here. It was pretty much what I expected. The food was decent, nothing mind blowing but what breakfast food really is? I loved that they had BRAINS on the menu, I wish I were that adventurous.
5	Simple, tasty, good service, great prices.
2	Yankees beware: Charlotte diners are all pretty terrible to mediocre compared to what you grew up with up North.  That said, this one is par for the course.  Just give up looking like I have, and embrace the mediocrity of diner culture here.
4	We have a friend who literally eats here 3 or 4 times a week who kept telling us we needed to go check it out.  We live not to far down the street & it only took us 4 years to try John's!  We, of course, came during a Saturday breakfast rush.  Despite the rush we were seated quickly & the service was excellent despite the place being absolutely packed to the gills.  Great standard breakfast items, nothing really jumps out as amazing but it was all on par with good local diner fare.  Definitely going to be coming more often (& earlier than 10am!)
5	Bring Cash!  Enjoy the food and fast, friendly service.
4	Great food but a little slow... I will be back when in the area for sure
4	In the mood for a good ol' country style breakfast? Enter John's. Nestled in the strip of Plaza's main shopperies, eateries, and otherwise grungy greatness, lies this breakfast spot. As you've heard through the Yelp grapevine, Cash ONLY in this joint. Grab a 10-spot, grab of cup of coffee, and watch the sunshine peek into the windows of this Charlotte morning staple. I was first introduced to John's about 4 years ago, and it's been the same each time I've visited. Even upon your first visit, you feel like a regular. You name it, John makes it. Biscuits, eggs, grits, bacon, sausage, livermush....livermush? Yes, livermush. No shortage of go-tos and comfort foods. I keep it pretty standard with each visit -- two eggs over easy, toast, grits, and sausage. For the first-meal purist, John's is a win every time. The staff is friendly with a heaping helping of southern hospitality. It's an old-fashioned diner set up with some counter seating, thick ceramic mugs with piping hot coffee, massive flat top grill, and tons of regulars. Your check is brought to your table and you walk up to the register to pay. I love the old glass case that houses hershey bars, mentos and other candies that have probably rested there for years. If ever in the 'Wood during breakfast time, John's is choice. It's a Charlotte landmark in my eyes.
2	I've been to John's a couple times before but am just now writing a review after today's breakfast. I dined by myself and was told to sit at any table I would like, which I already knew was the protocol. However, I had not sat down because every single open table was dirty. I waited for a waitress (who was super sweet) to clean the table off and I then sat down to order. After ordering, it dawned on me that they don't accept credit/debit cards even though it is 2013. I mean COME ON. I then had to walk down the block to the Wells Fargo ATM to take out cash just so I could eat the food that I had already ordered. Had I initially remembered this inconvenience before parking, I probably would have kept driving by. I do believe that the prices are very affordable here. My breakfast was about $6 and a soda was an extra $2 so it wasn't bad. BUT my soda was a small 12 oz glass bottle and, of course, came with no refills, so I cherished what I had in that tiny bottle. The food was very good but it was pretty disappointing that I had to wait more than 20 minutes for it. As I said, I was dining alone and the restaurant wasn't too busy. I noticed there was only one person cooking for the 20 or so people in the restaurant at the time. All in all I ended up paying $15 or so after tip and my $3 ATM fee. For that price, I'd rather go somewhere else that serves a larger brunch portion or offers more variety on the menu. I do love me a good country diner but today's visit left me feeling a little less satisfied.
5	John's Country Kitchen is THE place to go for a good old breakfast!  John's is like the awesome little breakfast joints I grew up going to.  It's not expensive, it's not fancy, it's just good!  If you are looking eggs and bacon or yummy pancakes -- go to John's! The service is always great and extremely attentive.  Also, they are one of the only places in CLT still offering classic Southern breakfast options like liver mush. This place is for a great breakfast, it's not a brunch hot spot.  So if you are looking for red velvet french toast and french press coffee,go to Bistro La Bon or Terrace Cafe.  But if you want to go somewhere warm and friendly with consistently good breakfast, try out John's Country Kitchen.
4	This place is exactly what everyone else has said...good old down home country cooking.  When we first stepped in I felt like I was in a horror film...the little bell at the top of the door rang and the entire restaurant stopped to turn and stare.  We were clearly the outsiders at this truck stop was the first thought I had and then quickly following that thought I started to wonder if I accidentally stepped into Waffle House... but then we were seated and I had the chance to take in the whole atmosphere.It is a dive of a little place and you can tell that most of the people there are regulars.  This place is NO frills whatsoever which I really enjoyed.  The food came out pretty quickly and it was very good--eggs, biscuits, bacon--all done very well and very fresh and very cheap.The service was friendly and low key. No credit cards or checks--cash only.There was nothing outstanding about the menu and I can't say I necessarily "fit in" but I would definitely return for just a good, basic, southern-style, cheap breakfast.
4	A very fiendly staff, hot food cooked to order, and everything else in place.  I have been there twice for breakfast and twice for lunch.  Would recommend it to anyone!!!
5	Went yesterday for the first time and had an awesome experience. The owners immediately introduced themselves and were great people, exactly what you hope for when you go to a place like Johns Country Kitchen. We got the omelet and eggs and bacon with grilled biscuits, you have to get the grilled biscuit. Definitely recommend this place to anyone.
3	Straightly country breakfast place! We went in around 10am on Saturday morning, and the wait is crazy bc the place is so small. After 30 minutes standing at the front door we r finally seated at the back. The father and son is cooking behind the counter. I think the whole place is run by family members. The food is decent, like most of country breakfast place. Really, nothing special. The price is good, but I think I would prefer Landmark than this place.
3	Where to start.. first of all the place is tiny and crowded, the wait to be seated was long and our order was served to us after the people behind us got there food first.As for the place itself it is really small and we had 3 different people bump into our table and spill a little of our coffee each time. When we first arrived there were only 2 couples in front of us and yet it still took 45 minutes to seat us. After being seated and having our order taken we waited patiently and chatted for a bit... 30 minutes later the couple that was seated after us had received there food before us, needless to say i was getting frustrated by this time. When our food finally arrived the waitress did apologize for the wait, refilled our drinks and left us to enjoy our breakfast. Overall the food was decent. The waitresses were very friendly. But the restaurant itself was just to small for the volume of business they receive. Will I return yes, just not as a regular.
1	This was the worst experience ever. I visit this diner because of the reviews but was really let down. Waited over 40 min to be seated and once we was seated it took additional 40 mins to get our food because they only have one griddle to serve the customer. the waitress and staff was extremely king but i was a little turn off that no one was wearing hair nets or gloves touching the food without protection. Once the food arrives is was on a baby plate with no season and "southern" taste. I almost reminded me of prison food on TV. I will no go there again . CASH ONLY diner :-(
2	I think this place is rated 4 stars because of all the hungover hipsters in Plaza, and waffle house isnt close by. Nothing special, and it's cash only.
5	If you are looking for a great low cost breakfast then look no further John's Country Kitchen.  The portions are large, everything is from scratch, service is excellent and the food is amazing.  Yes, they are a cash-only establishment but do not let that deter you from great food.  A hidden gem in Charlotte.
3	JCK reminds me of the many diners I have frequented, especially in PA/NY.  Food is good and strictly focused on carnivores (Vegans and Veggies head to Fern or Zada Janes).  Service was OK and surprisingly it took awhile to get our food, even though they weren't slammed.  Their cash only policy is antiquated and prevents me from visiting more often.  Since their restaurant doesn't rise to the level of "I must eat at John's," I go elsewhere especially when low on cash--I just don't carry it any more.
5	FANTASTIC FOOD!! FANTASTIC SERVICE!! A new found favorite breakfast spot!! It's like  stepping back in time, to a place where your greeted at the door with a friendly "hello" and welcomed as family! The owners are there making your delicious breakfast as if your a guest in their home. The prices are extremely reasonable, honestly I'd pay more. It's not everyday i find a place that far exceeds my expectations in every category! I will be back with friends!!
3	I just don't get it. I don't see what the others see in this. Yes, it is outrageously cheap (which makes the cash only thing not so bad). However, it isn't that great. It is outrageously greasy. I found a hair in my food (to be fair- that can happen anywhere). The coffee isn't great. Mind you, I'm conflicted now that I have read so many positive reviews. Maybe I have been missing something? My mission: to go back and see if I can make this review better.
4	This place is just the type of place that brings back the memories of me and my grandpa going to grab breakfast in the small town I was born.  Cash only items and don't expect a lot of flair here.  In that same way this simple approach is totally refreshing and the food isn't nothing short of great.I got over easy eggs, bacon and ham and it might as well had been cooked right out of my own kitchen.  Service was great and polite and the entire environment was just as cozy as you could get.Can't wait to go back. PS.  Parking around the side is probably best.
1	Truly a unique experience.  After a 40+ minute wait for food, I was able to peer over the counter and see our order was still not on the grill, with many tickets pending.  When I complained and left, the hostess's charming retorts included, "Go to McDonalds then, that's your problem, we've been here for 38 years and it's always been like this.".In fairness, I heard the cook saying, "Tell them I'm sorry.". Somehow that message didn't make it to the cash register. "Wrong and strong" is no way to face the public.
3	Slow on Saturday. I've been seated 55 minutes and still no food. Finally got my food after 1 hour 10 minutes.  The food is excellent! Fresh cooked to order which is good but the cook needs a sous chef.  I sat at the counter twice on Saturdays and it was like this both times.  I could easily see what's going on at the grill.  They need someone standing next to the cook chopping and prepping.  He does everything and it slows him down.  Love the staff but I don't have 1-1/2 hours to eat breakfast.
5	This place is the best!!! If u want to eat good, be full, comfortable,  and treated with kindness and pay a decent price come to john's.  Being new to charlotte  we have tried every place within the charlotte  Matthews  Indian trail  etc area and there's  been nothing as good as JOHN'Sthanks everyone  at john's  we will definitely be regulars #PANCAKESANDPORKCHOPS
