4	My sister found some cool modern designs and got a Birthday present - from me!  The lady that helped us was very friendly and knowledgeable!
5	I go with my wife to find fabric for some furniture we rehab for our home.  They have a great selection(everything is reclaimed)!  The owners are great help too:-)
5	Recently Moved to Camden Road in the old American Apparel spot!  Good Move!
3	Great selection of beautiful fabric of all styles.  You need to be willing to dig because the space is small for the amount of product you have.  I was there for probably about 30 minutes and no one offered to help me which was kind of annoying.  If you're in the mood to shop around it's great, if you're on a mission, is difficult.
4	Get ready to hunt, or be ready to take the awesome employees and owners up on their offer to help - because you're going to need it. Not because it isn't organized, but there is just so much fabric!I went it looking for some fabric to recover some furniture and was mildly overwhelmed but declined the help of an employee at first. I started my search along the outskirts (all the racks are marked with the amount of fabric they have on hand of it) since I needed 5 yards. There is organization to the color, a bit to the fabrics, but after about 20 minutes of finding things I loved that were just under what I needed I finally took a woman up on her offer to help. After I told her what I was looking for she pulled a few things and then went on a hunt for more. She found a piece that they had one yard on the floor and happened to find 16 more yards of it elsewhere, so I probably never would have found it without her. We then pulled pillow fabrics, fabrics for accent pieces, and gave me some nice swatches to bring home and decide on.Even though the woman I worked with originally wasn't there on return trip, I still got some great help from the owners. I will be returning to them for all of my fabric needs in the future!
5	After several weeks on the hunt for fabric to recover an antique dining room set for my sister's new home, I found this shop in an online search for fabric stores. They are only open Wednesday through Saturday but are easy to find, though parking in the gravel lot just beyond the store might prove problematic in inclement weather. My sister found a swatch via their website and went to see it Wednesday, but it was not at the store but at the warehouse and would have to be brought over the next day. Lesson learned for future trips to ask first before making the drive. The owner called to say the fabric was in and we were able to go over the same day. The staff was super helpful and very friendly and I will definitely go back and recommend it! We spent a little under $200 (for enough fabric for six chairs and four pillows)  and the fabric quality is awesome!They do take credit/debit but offer a small discount for cash or check.
5	Great knowledgeable staff and very friendly.  A great variety of fabrics to choose from.I always come with a picture on my phone of a piece I need to reupholster and they always help me find the perfect fabric match!
