2	Normally I like the Cold Stone.  Actually, I love the Cold Stone.  It's on my list of places to go.  Not this time around, however.  It was atrocious.  Maybe it's this location (although I've been there before, and I can't remember it being this bad).It could have been the fact that we were behind a girl's softball team.  Not that I have anything against girl's softball either.  I'm just looking for a reason, I guess, because it was bad.  Really bad.First the good - I do like the ice cream at Cold Stone.  Even the small portions are big, so I'd suggest going for the kid size.  It's just two bucks, and you get a scoop of ice cream and one add-in (mixin, whatever they call it).  Definitely a good deal, and there's no sense paying twice that for a lot more.Now to the bad - the line was horrible.  It went all the way along the counter and then doubled back on itself.  While I was going to blame it on the aforementioned softball team, it actually kept up, even after our group, and there weren't any softball players in it.  So I guess I can't.I also can't blame the line on the staff, as they did a good job of keeping up.  Though I don't think I'm in the habit of tipping people like those who serve at the Cold Stone, I did this time, because I gave this girl an order (three kid sizes), and she nailed it, without checking back.  It was impressive, so she deserved a tip.Then I tried a smoothie.  Worst choice ever.  The smoothie is a smoothie mix of some sort - a base thing - then three scoops of fruit that can't cost more than a few cents and a cup of ice.  For the privilege of this small size, they charge you five bucks.  Had it at least tasted like something, I could have seen it.There are signs all over the place touting reduced calories, and I get that - but at what cost?  There's no flavor left.  I would imagine they reduced calories by taking out ice cream.  They also removed any sign of flavor.  If you want a smoothie, do not go to Cold Stone.  Go to Smoothie King, or even better, Jamba Juice.Go to Cold Stone for ice cream.  That's worth it.  The staff is good too, but that line is getting out of hand.  Maybe it was just a bad experience.  I'll update this if we go back and see that it changes.
4	I'm not a big ice cream girl, so I wasn't planning on stopping into Cold Stone. But it was 100 degrees, and I needed something to cool me off. All I have to say is DARK CHOCOLATE mixed with BUTTER PECAN. WOW. I don't know if it was just because I haven't had ice cream in a while, but oh Dear God, it was out of this world!! I devoured the thing. The kid who helped me was very friendly and made sure he got my ice cream to me quickly, save the fancy singing and kneeding of the ice cream that they usually do hoping for tips (looking back, he probably saw the crazy look in my eyes and figured he'd better get it to me fast before I jump the counter and beat him with his scooper.) It was soooo worth it.
1	We have been here several times but today was the worst yet and we are removing it from our list. The butterscotch ice cream was uneatable ... Pure sugar and just disgusting. The waffle cone was stale and all this for 4$+. We threw it out after only 3 spoonfuls. Stay away from this place and don't support the sugar lobby.
