5	Wow - what a find. Rick's is truly a Gentlemen's Club. This is a civilized place with a great atmosphere, great bar and just a nice entertaining vibe. Of course there was no shortage of beautiful women. This is place to relax to some good tunes, watch some nice dancing and generally have a little grown up fun. The best part was there were no drunken frat boys hooting and hollering. Rick - good job!
4	Let me start by saying that I don't really like strip clubs.  That said, as long as you don't show up at 4AM and get one of the reserved tables upstairs, this place is sweet.  The girls are comfortably aggressive, the place is clean enough and the bouncers are not always staring you down.  The really attractive girls are few and far between but there are nuggets and the dancers are really cool too. The chicks hanging from the ceiling are a trip.  If strip clubs are your thing, I would check this place out.
3	I don't remember how I ended up here, except that I think his name was George dropped me off in an Escalade after picking me up from the palms. I know there was hoes and titties for sure. I think I may have got a dance, but I know I left when the sun was almost out. But I know for sure I was here because I had a matchbook that said "Rick's" in my pocket. maybe next time it will be rememberable...is that a word?
1	I went to RICKS last night, this place is small, it's dark inside and all the waitress are better looking than the dancers. Not to mention they are stuck up and not friendly at all. I will never go back to RICKS and don't recommend anyone else to come here. Go to O.G's.
5	Chill Gentleman's ClubFriendly women with humor and personality for gentlemen. ..booz and tities for the average man.. free cover and parking lot for men on a budget.. open after-hours with plenty of cabs out front for the drunkies.
4	Absolutely no reason for this to be rated less than 4 stars. At this point in my life, I consider myself a strip club connoisseur. I've been to way too many, done it all, got the picture. Granted, I had very low expectations for this place, but Rick's really blew me out of the water.As a local that does his fair share of partying, Rick's was a nice change from Sapphires/Spearmint Rhino. Spacious floor, gorgeous building, gorgeous women, "reasonably priced" drinks (have to take that one with a grain of salt), good cigars. Helpful floor staff.We're local - we paid no cover - we got a great table. Service was VERY good - we never had to wait for a drink.To anyone complaining about the $30 cover, Ricks is cheaper than Sapphires/Spearmint Rhino for non-locals. The drinks are cheaper, the cover's cheaper. And to those complaining about the girls coming to sit with you non-stop, you're in a goddamn strip club. Are you serious?Solid choice if you want to stay away from Sapphires/Rhino. The quality of girl at this place is still as good as those other two; I'd put it on the same tier. Miles ahead of places like Badda Bing, etc. etc.
4	First time going to a strip club. Expensive time. Good time. =p
3	A night of partying in Vegas would not be complete without going to the strip club.  Being a huge Howard Stern fan and Ricky man fan (Ronnie) I found myself at Rick's at 4am on this night.  Driving up to this place it literally looks like the size of a costco, its humongous.  We rolled into this place and I gotta say I wasn't too impressed.  Something about this strip club just didn't rub me the right way, and the chicks looked a little beat.  It looks like they got a lot more areas set up for VIP, so maybe thats the way u gotta roll here, but after doin bottle service at a club we were already on point w our drinks 4 that night.  Glad I checked this place out but probably won't be back, Spearmint is my spot...
3	Could the best burger I've ever had come from a strip club? Well, no. It was 5 a.m., I had been up for almost 24 hours and had been drinking. But it was still a darn good burger! I ordered the Bacon Cheeseburger with fries. The burger was garlic-y and bacon-y and yummy. And the fries were good, too. The $12 bottles of water, however, were not enjoyable. Really, Vegas, $12?! I mean, it's a desert! Water should not cost more than my drink (which I'm assuming it did - since I didn't pay for my drink).Best part? The cover, food and my undrank alcoholic drink were free. I'm so VIP.The place seemed like a fine strip club. Didn't really explore it too much. The stage was front and center, like it should be, with plenty of tables around it. The girls seemed a little ... rough but it was the 5 a.m. shift. Some of them were quite acrobatic, and I did enjoy that. It looked like there were a lot of rooms/areas upstairs for private shows. And there was another, smaller pole/dance area in the adjacent room. Plenty of girls to keep you entertained. Really, though, I mostly just crashed in my booth and waited for food.I should get a Yelp prize for being the first female to rate this place. :)
3	Headed over to Rick's looking to try something different from our usual favorite, Sapphires.  It wasn't as packed as Sapphires and the dancers are pretty hot.  At 4 am, I was feeling hungry and decided to order some food.  I've never ordered food at a strip club.  I got the slider's and I swear they are the best sliders I've ever had.  But then again, I don't eat burgers very often at all.  I also got an $18 bottle of Voss water...yes, $18!!  The place is nice on the inside and out, not seedy at all.  I don't know what the cover is since I don't pay.  One of the strippers came over and would not stop staring at me.  We didn't even give her any money.  She said she just wanted to hang out with me.  She kinda started creeping me out because she wouldn't stop staring at my face.  She kept telling my husband how hot I am.  Ego boost!  Anyway, I ended up sharing my food with her.  Totally odd.  Maybe she was blowing smoke up my butt for free food instead of tips.Anyway, I'd check out Rick's if I didn't feel like dealing with the crowds at Sapphires, otherwise that place is still my favorite.
3	Got here around 2 am after dropping a boat load of money at Rhino, because obviously I need to spend more.I was beyond gone from drinking all day, but from what I can remember more then half the ladies were pretty good looking. Nice big open place, the waitresses were super friendly and the dancers were super nice. I probably paid for a few ladies car payments for the next month or so but it was a blast. The only problem I have with this place is the prices for the drinks. A Coors Light was 13 bucks, the drinks were not even that expensive at Spearmint Rhino unless you are in the VIP room. Besides that this place is a fun little spot to relax and throw away some money on some attractive ladies.On another note, I'm pretty sure they let the dancers drink what ever they want because I saw one of the ladies just stumbling around the place, could barley stay on a lap. It was GREAT!
3	Rick's is a downright decent strip club--the girls are hot, the prices are average for dances and drinks (i.e. ripoff prices, but that's the costs of admission to drink in a place where the women flirt with everyone and pretend to be interested in every man).  There's a fair amount of space in the club (not as warehouse-y as Sapphire) and it's a nice place to relax.Basically, Rick's is a mellow, middle of the road Vegas strip club.  But the place is haunted--haunted by the ghost of strip clubs past.  Before its current incarnation as Rick's, the club was called Scores and was one of the best strip clubs in Vegas with amazing stage shows and insanely attractive women.  The memories of Scores' craziness are so vivid that I have to mention the club even in while reviewing Rick's.Sigh.  RIP Scores.  Rick's has brought a mellower  vibe to the space and it's not a bad place to drop some coin and the ladies will gladly push you to do so.
1	This was by far the worst strip club I have ever been to.  The chicks didn't even use the pole and one girl kept wiping her ass with her hand.  They weren't even trying to entertain you, and the people who ran the place were total assholes.  I was on one of their top promoters guest list, and they acted like they didn't know who he was just to make more money? I don't know... never going back.  Place sucked
4	I am a huge fan of strip clubs, and Rick's did not disappoint.There quite possibly could have been finer establishments in Las Vegas, but this is the one I ended up at and it was a fantastic way to spend my last evening/morning in Vegas.The women? There were women of all shapes and sizes. Some that quite possibly should have put their clothes back on. Others that should have been taking that money and purchasing a figure altogether.But I, being a woman, managed to attract two of the prettiest girls Rick's had to offer. A blue eyed beauty from Iceland, and a perky blonde from Chicago.Both were very entertaining, gorgeous to look at, and proved to be women of great taste. After all, they were sitting with me!A friend of mine was taken to the VIP room withing fifteen minutes of arriving. Yes, he's that easy. His experience was not great.He got a half hour of mediocre lap dances by a less than mediocre woman in her upper 30's. The only thing saving her job was a shitload of makeup and the dim lighting of a strip club. He bought the two required drinks, and put his credit card down.But wait, they refused to run it through. No, she ushered him over to an ATM machine and convinced him he needed to withdraw cash. And then, she charged him $480. I know, I too almost choked on my drink when he came out with a defeated, broken look and answered the question, "How much money did you just spend?"This is Vegas. And if you are weak, you will be hustled. I am quite positive though, the rules of the club said a half hour in VIP means $100 plus two drinks. I'm no fucking math wizard, and I can't make those numbers apply to his situation.The two girls on either side of me were infuriated. And as they should have been. Shady women like their co-worker give all of them a bad name.And while the stage left much to be desired, the girls on the floor seemed to atone for the lack of actual dancing/strip tease being done up there. The women seemed to care very little about dancing on stage. Most barely took their clothes off. Some even just stood there. Two more actually leaned on the pole and had a little conversation as if they were in the ladies room.Even that, was okay. I am chalking it up to there being not a patron in the club sitting by that stage, nor showing interest in throwing money down for the women that climbed onto it.All in all, I rather enjoyed my visit. My drinks were strong enough, priced right around where i would expect them to be in a strip club. My two personal dancers were entertaining and attentive. And my friends all enjoyed themselves.Aside from possibly drinking too much, dropping my phone in the toilet, and staying out much too late and having to fly home half drunk and only on three hours sleep, I would definitely recommend this cabaret to anyone visiting Vegas.
2	Been around the Vegas strip club during my many visits.  Ricks was a big disappoinment:- The girls are very pushy!  We just arrived and they are swarming all around you like bees.  Generally the must fugly girls start off, then hotter ones swoop in later.  - The drinks are way overpriced - but that is par for the course in Vegas.  - The girls on stage were NOT AT ALL enthused about being there.- It's Saturday night at 11:30 pm and the place is dead.  Large parts of the club are closed off.  From the second our bachelor party walked in there we got a bad vibe.  Too many dudes in cheap suits walking around.  Sapphire gave me a much better feeling about the whole situation. I won't be visiting this Rick's again - there are better clubs out there.
2	This club is OK. I got a few lap dances from this sexy little school teacher, stripper. Out of 15 girls, only 3 girls were hot. Not what, I really expected for a Las Vegas stripclub. Inside, it is freakin HUGE. Personally, I think there are hotter girls in Deja Vu, in Vegas.
1	This place sucks!!! Me and my friend (female) decided to go to Ricks cuz it was included in our weekend package. Free ride there and two free drinks, who could pass that up. We get there and are quickly ushered in and told where to sit and not to sit by the nice security dude.  We sit off to the left of the stage and not two minutes later these two guys come up to us and tell us that we are sitting at their table. We are getting ready to move, but they are cool and chat with us. Next thing I know, the now not so nice security come up to us and says we have to leave now ...WTF!! No explanation, just leave or we are calling the cops and they will escort you off the premises. After repeated requests  to answer the question of why we had to leave and no specific answer we left.  I guess they thought two girls in a strip club was weird or we were trying to upstage the girls, all of whom we saw were apparently beaten with the "ugly stick".  In the two minutes we were there, the vibe was off, the girls were just standing on the stage, and it was too smokey. Will never return to this shithole.  I guess if you are a female customer your money is no good here, oh well, the girls were not worth two cents anyway..
1	SCAM ALERT! This was the WORST DECISION my buddies and I made when visiting Vegas for New Years Eve weekend. The promoter, NATE, gave us this card that said Rick's would provide us with LIMO SERVICE to the club. They showed up to the MGM and picked us up in a Ford SUV! DEFINITELY NOT A LIMO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!When my buddies and I walked into Rick's the STRIPPERS jumped on us like FLIES on SHIT! They weren't even HOT! They pulled us into the VIP room and suddenly they turned into used car salesmen! I had an ASIAN and a WHITE STRIPPER on my lap that kept telling me I should buy a bottle of Patron and how it would be WORTH IT to pay $500 to party with them for 30 minutes! After I told them that wasn't going to happen I could tell they were pissed! I told the ASIAN she could stick around and she seemed HAPPY that I chose her. She introduced me to the VIP host, who basically pointed to a spot for me to sit down on the CASTING COUCH! The STRIPPER told me that I should tip him $20. SORRY, NOT GOING TO HAPPEN! He pointed to a SPOT on the couch, I'M NOT GIVING HIM A $20!As I sat down on the couch the ASIAN straddled me, took her top off to show me her TIJUANA BOOB JOB and then proceeded to ask me questions during all three songs instead of giving me a lap dance. She kept asking me, What's your favorite position? What turns you on? and my favorite, Besides the CLITORIS WHAT'S YOUR FAVORITE PART ON A WOMEN'S BODY? At this point I was like, SHUT THE FUCK UP AND DANCE!WORST LAP DANCE EVER! My buddies and I will never go back! P.S. HEY HOWARD STERN, WHY DID YOU INVEST IN SUCH A DUMP?
1	Although I had a free drink offer, it was not accepted. (clue #1) My drink was $14.00 and the size of a shot glass. (clue #2) The first "entertainer" to come on the stage was Veronica. Let's say that "entertaining" is not on he list. She appeared as if she was on heroine and moved in slow motion. (clue #3) We sat through 3 songs of this and finally decided to leave. Not at all what was expected. We ended up at little darlings which had great dancers. In fact, they should be considered athletes from the type of moves they were doing on the poles. Ricks was not a place we will return to when in Las Vegas.
4	This was my second trip to Vegas and my second time at a strip club. It was definitely a step up from Cheetah's and I got in right away with my girl friend and three guys. We sat down at pervert's row (not that I wanted to) since I heard the strippers will get all up in your face but it was an interesting experience. I was disappointed that not many of them performed cool pole dances and tricks but some of the strippers were nice. A really cute blonde one saw me and my girl friend and immediately came up to us and said "Hmm, Who should I corrupt?" She ended up going up to my friend and licking her neck and grabbing her ass. It was very shocking but my friend enjoyed every moment of it..especially when another stripper later rubbed her head in between my friend's thigh. Strip clubs are definitely fun but make sure you bring in those singles and know who you want to give them to! There was this one stripper who was very fake and eager for those dollar bills...HAHAHA. Definitely recommend going here if you are a first timer. It's fun stuff!
1	Way over priced and the girls on stage looked like drug addicts...But if it makes you feel better, the interior is really nice!
