1	it's just that...stay away unless you are in need more than your life.
2	I had to put alot of thought into this so I will be gentle.To start with this place has huge potential. They have an automatic car wash & full detail, a service station & smog plus like 20 gas pumps and a lounge inside for people waiting on their car to be ready.They also have a walk-in beer cooler, lots of deli foods and about 5-6 video poker machines.The problem here is, this place is always BUSY yet they never staff more than 1 clerk and if there are 2 you never see them or they are always helping #1. The lines are ridiculous and then Terrible's ID policy is beyond ridiculous.I worked in this shopping center for 3 years and regularly purchased cigarettes here, then they suddenly began requiring ID even of grey haired people. Even knowing my by First name & seeing my ID on numerous occasssions they would refuse to sell them to me without ID and be completely smug & obnoxious about.Since that day over a year ago I have not been back & I will not purchase anything from a Terrible's.
5	The gas was under $ 3.50 .... I wish I could had bought some and brought it back to Los Angeles with me.
5	This place seriously is the only place I will go for a car wash. I had a really shitty experience at the terribles on pecos and windmill and they left my car a mess and no one would return my phone calls to rectify it. I went to this car wash and explained the situation to the manager and he took care of it for free. Everyone was super friendly and my car has never looked better.
3	Stopped by here for an oil change and car wash. The technicians in the lube department were super slow! When I arrived there were 2 cars already in the 3 garage bays so I parked behind one of the bays. I then waited nearly an hour and half for my oil change to be completed! It was just a standard $37.95 oil change, top off fluids and check battery and tires...nothing special. Not sure why it took so long. Other customers seemed to be frustrated as well.Once my car was done and ready to go, I drove over to the car wash area since full service oil changes here come with a free car wash. The car wash took a while too, but mainly because of the level of detail shown by the employees that were drying and wiping down my car, so that was a good thing.Overall, I would've liked not to spend 2+ hrs of my day here since I have better things to do. I'm just glad I was able to get my oil changed and car washed on the same visit. I would not recommend this place to anyone who is in a hurry. It's possible that these long waits only occur on the weekends when everyone is out and about
1	I have been here a few times, this is my last time here: the operation is run so poorly, some of the new staff had no idea about Cusotmer service.  It's been 20 minutes since I dropped my car off and it's still sitting there waiting to be vacuumed.  A 15 dollar car wash and I should have learned. My lesson last time because I got the 20 dollar car wash and my seats and mats were still left dirty.  I should of learned my lesson and you should she yourself the bad experience and don't come here, ever.  If rather wash my car with a dirty dish rag.  40 minutes to get my car washed.  Half way through I asked the guy how we are doing on time.  He says. " oh I'm doing great on time. You?"  What a douche.   However the manager of the car wash handled it like a pro.  His name was Robert and he was fantastic.
4	Good staff.  Friendly & detailed.  The older lady that checks in cars can come on strong at first, but she's on top of things.  Quick to dry cars & pretty detailed.  Tall skinny guy remembers my car, he knows the service I want each time.  They have a deal, for $29.95 /mth you get unlimited car washes.
1	Stopped in the lube shop for an oil change. Walked inside and was shocked how dirty the place was. The bathroom reminded me of a prison movie, filthy doesn't describe its disgusting condition. I figured the oil change is quick so just deal with it. While waiting I started thinking while listening to the staff yelling and joking that the inmates taken over the jail. Bad feeling was growing. They pulled car out, said all done, paid and left. Drove across town for a meeting, got out and oil was pouring out under the car. What a pain in the neck. Took to the nearest store that was clean, staff fixed with no trouble.Usually these guys are great but this location will never be a stop for me again.
5	Very professional and courteous staff! I have a diesel truck and the price for an oil change was VERY reasonable!  ($120 for 15 qts) The best part was the entire oil change only took 15 mins! This is my new oil change spot!
