4	What a great deal - book 3 hours in advance and save 15%.  Just randomly (and fortunately) came across GV Taxi on a Google search, in hopes of cutting costs to get back to Phoenix airport.  Their website gives you a quote, so you know your costs up front - without calling or waiting on an email quote.  Daniel, my driver, was courteous and helpful.  I received a text confirmation, as well as email confirmation, which told me this company has to be legit.  $20 from Old Town Scottsdale to Phoenix Sky Harbor Airport, deal!  I will definitely book with Great Value Taxi Cab again for my future travels in Phoenix/Scottsdale.  Highly recommended!P.S. - They also take credit card - a plus for business travelers
5	Made a reservation online for a 545 AM trip to Sky Harbor. Received multiple confirmations, including a text a half hour before the pick up. There is a discounted  rate for airport trip with advance notice. Cab was on time (a little early actually) and clean. Service wet much appreciated; will use for airport transfers in the future.
4	Just got picked by Daniel.   He text to say he was on his way. And was kind enough to say he would be 6 min. Lol. It was more like 2. He helped load the car which was clean and even more important smelled great. I recommend this car service. You won't be disappointed.
5	Hey were awesome. I was supposed to get a ride home on a Saturday night in Scottsdale at 2am and needs to go 10 miles from there. All the other companies were trying to charge me over $30 but Great value taxi can was able to beat their prices and got me home safely! Thanks so much guys!
5	The driver, Daniel, was early to the pickup, so there was no pressure on the drive. He was courteous and helpful. I called other cabs to compare prices and they were by far the cheapest to the airport. Great value indeed!
1	I would not give them 1 star.  I had reservations on August 4th  to go to the airport at 6 am for 2 weeks. They were not there. We called them and just the recording came on and we left a message. We never heard back from them. In desperation we took our own car and parked it at the airport parking. You have to be dependable. We used taxis in Canada and they were yellow cab and they all showed up. But they have more regularations there.
4	This review is in addition to the bad review I gave the on August 4th. The company has contacted me since and although they messed up, they were very apologic  and humble. I accept their apology and they offered compensation for our troubles. I would suggest that they have some sort of live person or answering service in case of emergency. It might cost us a little more but worth while. I will give you a try again.
5	The driver was right on time and prompt. Communication was great-letting me know what's going on and when they are on their way. Will definitely use this service again
1	WAS  A NO SHOW! Made reservation online, got a confirmation and did not show for a 6 am pick up to take me to airport for my flight to Europe. Had to call another cab and was there in 5 min to pick me up.
1	If you want a taxi ride don't call this company.  They won't show up!  Booked 24 hours in advance and received nice confirmation emails but...My wife and daughter waited outside 30 minutes.  No call or message from these guys.  Finally 40 minutes later they send an email stating they cannot make it.
5	Punctual pick-up.  Safe driving.  Curbside drop-off at door entrance of terminal. Very reasonable rate.  Personalized service beats the shared minivan service at predetermined time (e.g., Supershuttle).
5	I know it's soon to be writing an update, but I wanted to compliment Daniel again. I had to leave before dawn (5 am, shudder). Again, he was five minutes early and the quoted price was great. Support local businesses, especially the ones that hire friendly people and provide good value.
