5	OK folks we have us a great restaurant here in Fort Mill, SC! The Regent Park Cafe is great family food at reasonable prices! I LOVE the food and every day they have specials that everyone can find something they like. Right now and for a limited time, you also get a free drink with all plate orders. I have had the country style steak, so tender and juicy over a good amount of rice. The souvalki is AWESOME!!! It comes with a Greek salad, fries, and pita bread and it tastes as good as any Greek restaurant you'll find, and it's only 7.75!  You'll have leftovers! The Super Cheeseburger is so big & juicy too. Get it with the chili, slaw, and onions and you're in Carolina heaven! get this, 4.75!!! With fries and slaw only 6.95!!! Finally, me being a good ol' Southern boy, I loves me some BBQ. I told the owner & head cook, Anthony, I was leary of ordering BBQ from any place other than a bonified BBQ joint and the next thing I know he comes out from the kitchen with a Styrofoam holder LOADED with at least a half pound and six huge hushpuppies!!! He said it was on him and he wanted me to know he made it himself and he stood behind it! I like chopped better than pulled pork, but it was delicious and the BBQ sauce was homemade too! If you like hushpuppies, they have the BEST. Captain Steve's ain't got nothing on Regent Park Cafe!  Well, I guess my review may be over the top, but it honestly is that damn good! When three people can eat for about 25 dollars, with drinks, and have leftovers, then you know you've hit some place special. The owners also run the Yorkmont Cafe in Charlotte, so if you like their food, you'll love this too!! I urge to give it one try and see for yourself if it's not good food! I know for me & my family, we'll be eating there alot!!! Please check out the menu with the specials and the prices at regentparkcafe.com!!!
4	I was their first customer the Friday morning they opened up in November. The breakfast was "on the house" but I did give them their "first dollar"!This location has had many establishments that have come and gone. It's not the quality of their fare but I think it is just the location, mostly in an industrial area with cars rushing by on their way to work or home at some distant location... Regent Park Cafe is a Greek-American Restaurant. Their quality is great and portions are enough to fill you up. The variety of choices are immense and multiple specials are available each day. So far, the quality has been hit and miss. My favorite so far is the Grouper plate. Seasoned just right; moist and tender. I tried the chicken fried steak with gravy and it was over-cooked and mushy.  I like that the drink is included in the plate price which makes the lunch price total similar to other lunch counters. They are open for breakfast, lunch and dinner. I came by for breakfast one day and was very pleased with the hearty meal and huge pancakes.I hope they continue to increase their clientel so they are around a long time. I plan to stop in often since I work nearby and sample all their many menu choices.
5	The other night we walked in for the first time.  The food coming out looked homemade, fresh, and the portions were generous; prices were very reasonable.I have an unusual food allergy, and after the owner tried unsuccessfully to accommodate me, I told her I'd come back at another time for breakfast, where my allergy would not present a problem.This was unacceptable to the owner.She apologized profusely, and felt horrible for not being able to accommodate my special needs.  So badly did she feel, that upon her insistence, my Wife & I accepted drinks "on the house," to "make up" "for sending us away hungry."I had heard great things about Regent Place, and the way the owner treated us confirmed what we heard.  I wish these fine people much success :)!
3	My wife had the Souvlaki plate which she judged excellent, accompanied by delicious creamy cole slaw and a baked potato.  She thought 4 stars and I have to say this this stir-fried pork was excellent.I had the lamb gyro plate which was, at best, average.  The meat was lightly seasoned, not sliced, but served as chunks and was dry.  The Tazhiki sauce was almost flavorless.  My two sides were homemade mashed potatos, which I very much doubt, and a Greek salad which was, other than the kalamata olives and pieces of feta, just a salad.  The balsamic dressing was like you get on Delta airlines, heavy, thick and just too strong.  Was not very Greek to me.Order at the counter.  the choices were terrific.  Lots to choose from and the plates kept rolling out.  Waitresses serve your order at your table.  Place is immaculate and they keep on it.  Nice people.Prices are excellent with the plates at around $7, which include two sides and beverage.  Good deal.We will go back as your choice will determine your satisfaction.Very much recommend it.
4	Went back for a meal, and enjoyed a delicious, and surprisingly good, steak sandwich from this inexpensive restaurant.Regent Park is what it is: no frills, but clean, solid, fresh food.  Great portions and prices.Not a place to take a date, but a great place to take the family.  Owners and servers are friendly too!
3	I loved the customer service here.  Lots of staff present and ready to help.  Many middle aged, career restaurant type ladies that make a place seem comforting, southern and homey.  Big selection to please anyone.  Easy ordering process.  Food arrived quickly.  Prices were more than fair.The food?  It was pretty good.  It could be better.  I had the chicken souvlaki plate and it was quite good. The rest of the food at our table (hamburger, fish, mac n chicken, rolls) were pretty okay. Just fine - you know what I mean?  Most of it didn't seem homemade (the burger patty clearly resembled one of those pre shaped frozen patties like you can get at Sam's).  I was expecting more love in the food so that disappointed me.  All that said, it's local, friendly and affordable and I would certainly choose this over fast food any day if I need a quick meal.
4	Great mom & pop diner with daily specials with lots to choose from like fish platters & Gyros & pot roast. ~ come & get it
1	We have just made our last visit to Regent Park Cafe.  I ordered take out today and headed toward the restaurant when told to be there.  I sat at the window for TWELVE MINUTES; not behind a line of cars, at the ACTUAL window.  Employees would come by, give me a dirty look and walk away.  Finally, when one of them heard me tell the kids we were going to have to abandon our dinner and drive somewhere else if we wanted to eat tonight, they opened the window.  Instead of apologizing for the ridiculous wait, they instead THREW the now-Arctic food at me.  Fine, whatever.  As long as the food's as good as it usually is.  NOPE.  I got the BBQ, which is usually pretty good.  What I got was a mass of cold meat coated in ketchup, no lie.  The kids ate less than half their meals before announcing they were full; come to find out my daughter hated her grilled cheese because it wasn't even MELTED!  I won't be going back to Regent Park if this is what has become.  And it will be a good long while before I attempt to eat ANY BBQ again, that's how much this meal put me off it!
2	First, they are super friendly so I feel a little bad having to give a bad review but the food was not good.  The hash browns were flavorless, the vegetables in my western inlet were cold and slimy and the English muffin sandwich had the safest little piece of Canadian bacon ever.  Eat here with low expectations, but at least there nice to u.
4	Today I decided to wander about in search of a decent, non-chain, lunch spot near work. A co-worker and I stumbled upon this great spot just south of I-77 near Carowinds on US 21. Upon our entry, I was pleased to notice the spacious dining area. Also upon entering I noticed the daily special clearly marked on the menu wall directly behind the cashier. Like many local cafes, this too had a great selection of American, Italian, and Greek meals. To my surprise, there weren't many people here at lunchtime. It could have been because of the snowstorm the previous night. As we approached to order, the friendly cashier pleasantly greeted us and gladly took our order. As I took my number card, filled our glasses with iced tea I was pleased to notice the cleanliness of the restaurant and the alertness of the staff. Only a few minutes and a few quick conversations passed before our freshly prepared meals were laid gracefully on the table in front of our hungry eyes and grumbling bellies. I ordered a club sandwich(kind of my "judgement" piece) with fries and a side salad. My co-worker ordered a cheeseburger with fries and coleslaw. The portion sizes were above average, the ingredients were fresh. My french fries were delicious, the salad; light and crisp with a topping of home-made ranch dressing, and the sandwich filled with a tasty meats, cheeses, and tomatoes.  My co-worker also exclaimed how much he was enjoying his burger which looked big, juicy and full of flavor. He and I were very pleased overall. I am glad we decided to embark on a better lunch-seeking adventure today! With many other options and daily specials. I can definitely see myself going back for more as the days go by. Hope you find your way to this great cafe/restaurant. PS - Leave room for dessert!
1	This place is so bad. We decided to try this place since it's close by and it's just yuk!! The fried were uncooked the burger was raw and the grilled cheese was stale. The only thing good was the orange juice. But that you can't eff up. Never going back to this nasty place again. Eww
2	We have eaten at the cafe 3 times to be fair. The breakfast was average, lunch was calabash (popcorn shrimp) and a hamburger with sides. The burger was good and the shrimp excelent. For dinner it was chicken dinner with coleslaw & mac&cheese sides for my wife. The chicken dinner was a lot of chicken, but almost tasteless. The coleslaw was average but the mac&cheese was very good as it was obvious it was homemade. I ordered hamburger steak with black eyed peas and collards. After two bites of the collard I dropped it in the trash. The peas were ok and the steak was a small burger patty with a few grilled onions on it. Over all I give the cafe a "C to C-". Sad because the staff seems great, they just need a little extra in kitchen.
2	Friendly people, but the food was not that great. I had the chicken pita & the sauce was hot & tasted bitter. The yams tasted ok, but you can tell they are canned. My friend got the hamburger, which was not homemade like the waitress  stated.
3	For this type of restaurant I think it's pretty good. I live close by and it's nice to call ahead and order carry out. The good: reasonably priced run of the mill fare. Mom and pop type food. Love the lamb gyros and plate, the Mac and cheese, salt and pepper catfish and their salads. I did like their fried chicken too. The place is always clean and the staff is super friendly and makes good recommendations which I wish I would have asked for from the get-go.The not-so-good: country fried steak was horrid. Like meatloaf texture and not steak. Mashed potatoes are blah and taste boxed. I've also had food served cold to me so it's obvious they are microwaving things like the Mac and cheese. Corn on the cob is alwayslimp and tastes like its sat around all day. Some of the sides are good and others just "eh" and need to be fresher with more flavor.Standard burgers and breakfast - solid there and again reasonably priced. I go here pretty often because of location and price. You just need to know what's good - ask the staff!
