5	Would totally recommend!!Knight Sounds DJ'd/MC'd my wedding!!They use a great packet that you can choose to fill out if you'd like so they can match your style of music..The DJ was awesome and kept the party alive! He really reviewed my packet and mirrored my taste of music!
5	I booked Knight Sounds for my wedding, since wedding wire gave them such great reviews. I'm glad I booked them for my wedding because the DJ Francisco kept the party alive. He played all the music we listed as well as what our guest requested. He even helped us out with the Cupid Shuffle as well as the Wobble Wobble dance. I totally recommend them for your wedding!
4	I used Knight Sounds for my Dj and videography. The Dj basically followed the packet and was good. The video was a little late but I was pleased with the final product.
1	Knight Sounds Entertainment was a black stain on an otherwise perfect day. My wife and mother met Adam at a Bridal show in Las Vegas and immediately loved his charm and energy. Later that evening we booked Knight Sounds Entertainment to have Adam DJ our wedding. Since that time we were in regular contact with Adam as we picked what music we wanted and when. Things progressed smoothly and we finalized all of our music and timing with Adam a few days prior to the wedding. Then the big day came. Everything about the wedding was perfect, and had gone off without a hitch. Everything that is, except for the music and microphones. The music was playing at inconsistent volumes, certain microphones were having trouble with feedback, and songs were starting too early or late despite us filling out a thorough program beforehand. This was annoying, but in the grand scheme of things not too big a deal. The problem came after the ceremony right before our introduction before the wedding reception. The DJ came over to say hi and it turned out to be someone we had never seen or heard of before. Some random person named Matt. When we asked him where Adam was, the person we had been working with for the last year, he just shrugged and said he was told to DJ this reception, nothing more. Both my wife and my mother were crushed. The entire reason we chose Knight Sounds Entertainment was to work with Adam. The entire year of planning and dealing was with Adam. Then on the night of the wedding, we get Matt, with no explanation whatsoever. Just to throw a little salt on the wound, we didn't even find out until right before we were supposed to be walking into our reception in front of all of our guests. To put it nicely, his energy and abilities were subpar, but there wasn't really anything we could do. We were almost half way through the wedding and wouldn't be able to find a replacement that quickly.When we called to voice our disappoint the next day and figure out what happened, we were told that they thought Matt would be a better fit our wedding. Despite the fact that we specifically requested Adam when we signed up with their company and had been working with Adam since the beginning. They thought Matt would be a better fit for us and that was that. They couldn't even be bothered to let us know this ahead of time, instead letting us find out in the middle of the wedding, when it was too late to make any changes. They wouldn't even offer us an apology. It was honestly one of the worst ways I have ever been treated by a company, and to this day I still get angry when I think back on it. It is extremely sad that on one of the happiest days of a couple's life, a company decides to lie and abuse their customers simply because they can. Don't play Russian roulette with such an important day of your life. Pick a company you can trust and who cares about their customers.
5	Knight Sounds was the part of the wedding package we chose with Bear's Best Las Vegas. I first met with Jennifer who was very professional. RJ was the DJ and did an amazing job. He got the crowd going and kept the momentum up. Not only was did he do a great job with the music. He assisted the photographer in taking pictures after the ceremony. I would highly recommend this company for any event!
