5	Highly recommend going here for your automotive needs. Richard the mechanic was recommended to me by my Practice Manager. I had my vehicle towed to him overnight, and my brother dropped my keys off to him around 8:20am the next day. I got a call from Rich about 9:30am letting me know what was wrong with my vehicle. Quick service with no pressure....what more can you ask for?Needless to say my car repairs were way more than I could afford, so we were not able to get it fixed. All I did was let him know I didn't have the money right now, and I he did not pressure me into getting the work done. I know some mechanics will try to guilt you or pressure into the work that needs to be done. He is a straight shooter, and I will definitely be taking my vehicle to him in the near future.
5	Heres the story:  I'm at work and i get a call from my girlfriend saying that something fell off someones car and she hit it with her tire and bent the crap out of the rim.   Spoke with Stewart  and explained the situation.  Stewart let me know that all the auto repair shops use "Hub Cap Annie."  Talk about Honesty!  I called them up and they gave me a quote for $80 bucks!  Not bad, I am definitely calling Top Gun anytime i have other car issues!
5	Cant stress enough how much this guy rocks!  We have had trouble with our AC in our car for about a year and a half.  We had put off the repair and suffered the heat because we thought for sure it would cost an arm and a leg to fix.  Gave him a call and he said hed take a look at it for free.  We take it in a week or 2 later and he fixes it in about an hour FOR FREE?!?!?!  FREE!!!!!! @.@  This guy blew my mind!!!!! He just told us that next time we have a problem come to him and he'd take care of us.  Cant recommend him enough.  The first and probably the only decent auto repair guy I've ever met!
5	I stopped by today for a second opinion on my breaks.Was quoted $351.00 for repairs on my breaks at another place" just breaks"Came here, they looked at my breaks and reported to me there was another 10,000 miles left on the pads and the caliper was just fine. No work was needed at this time,Wow, most places would have tried to sell me something.Will definatey use them in the future, friendly service, honest people, Sydney, you didn't steer me wrong with this one, thanks.
