1	So I walk in there with my bike looking to sell it as I'm moving soon. The one guy in there greets me and I tell him what my intentions were. He looked at me odd for a moment then proceeded to say that his manager was at the other location and I should take it there. He also stated he had no room for the bike at his location (which is likely true as it was a rather small store).Now, I have a very small car and it's not exactly easy to put it in it, so I asked him what I would get for my bike if he did have space so I didn't have to waste my time driving over there if they wouldn't even buy it. He again sat there for a moment looking around and then proceeded to say he has no idea, and his internet is down so he couldn't look it up.As I left, I said thanks for the help (in a nice polite way) and he presented me with an awkward silence as I left. What's great is this was a bike that was going for $250 used all over the internet and I was willing to sell it to them for much less, just to not have to deal with the hassle of selling it myself. This is apparently their new location, so hopefully it's just growing pains. I never did go to the other location due to the experience at this one.
5	Rob the owner of the bike shop and his staf were helpful, courteous and did a great job getting me a deal.  What I wanted was not easy, I was interested in buying a 29er mountain bike, or a true crosscycle, or a hybred a mountain bike and road bike on a budget of $500.00 bucks.  I had a really old Proflex K2 in trade and Rob gave me $200.00 for it which is a fair price.  I met Rob at the store and we discussed what options would work best.  I ended up with a Fuji Nevada 1.1 with STI shifters, Disc brakes, hybred tires, and an upgraded rockshox with lock out capability,  and toe clips.  I was over budget by $125.00, this was too be expected due to my needs.  I am very happy with the product and will be enjoying it for years to come with my family for neighborhood trips.  I'm an avid cyclist and wanted a bike that can be taken on dirt as well as the road, this bike dleivers.  Thank You Rob for putting up with me asking for constant updates as the bike was being built.  I will be coming back for my cycling needs. Have put over 50 miles on the bike with no issues.
1	Overpriced, under-informed, not at all what a "small business" should be. This place has somehow opened shop in a location near "the neighborhood," disguised itself as a mom 'n pop shop then went to provide minimum-wage service and charge more than Sport Chalet. I went into the shop because one of my retainers in the lower bracket was shredded. The worker had no idea what I was talking about until he opened the catalog. He tried to sell me a cartridge style part for $45-$60. When I asked him how to shop for it he just said "you need to bring the bike in." What is this, a car dealership?Went down the road to Bob's Bikeshop in Scottsdale (McDowell and Miller) got the parts for $3.50, owner offered to grease it up for me, taught me how to install it, and told me how to shop for the cartridge style one if I want to switch. Skip this pretentious dump.
