1	I don't like the pizza hear and if you go for lunch there are no specials by the slice.  The ranch tastes bottled and tastes gross.  The ingredients are not fresh but rather canned (also gross).  The chicken wings were not that great either.  The atmosphere was nice for a casual place with a couple of flat screen TV's on the wall.  I will not be going back to this place, so hopefully they get better soon since Barro's pizza is going in the area soon.
1	The pizza and service sucks here The cheese has no flaver and the pizza sauce reminds me somthing that you get out of a can and the crust was tough and reminded me of store bought..... The staff were unhelpfull and rude. The crzyiest thing was when were were going to take our left over pizza home the took our left overs and put them in a fricking paper bag yea a bag not a pizza box. I could only laugh and ask them "wow  you trying to save money on not using pizza boxes??? AS we walked out the bag was sucking up the grease i just left it by there door. I was so pist don't go there frozen pizza is better.
1	Ordered Pizza for pick up. They gave us OLD pizza. Must have been sitting for at least an hour. Awful terrible pizza!!! Called to complain. They could care less. Last time I get pizza from them.They should be embarrassed!
4	Disagree with some of the other reviews. I have had very good pizzas with fresh ingredients and great crust.   Wings are the best in the area - not all fatty like the other chain pizza places on the corner such as Barros and Papa Johns. Greek salad was large, fresh and good.
4	I had a good takeout experience with this outfit. Good coupon, good pizza & good wings !   $22 ......decent value.
4	We went in one night for dinner.  We got the large pizza and wings special with four sodas.  The staff were kind.  In fact (I believe the owner) said, "you know it would be cheaper for you to get a pitcher of soda versus four individuals."  I thought that was great they told us that.  The pizza came out with the wings I would say 15-20 minutes.  We were asked if we needed anything.  The pizza was hot and had good flavor.  The chicken wings though were AMAZING.  Some of the best we've had in a long time.  Would like to see more of a variety of specials....We've been back twice since our first visit.
5	This is my go-to pizza.  I feel like Norm when I walk in the door, they know my name!  Never once had a bad pie, this little shop is the only restaurant in my speed dial.  The sauce is my favorite part...something in it stands out...extra basil?  It's addictive.The only sad part is in my recent attempts to cut way back on carbs, I'm crying a little inside over not having a weekly pizza.  It's less frequent but I love this place still.  If there was any place to improve, it's the size of the wings.  At times they can be scrawny.Lately, they have honored my request to use smaller dough to make me a pizza- ultra-thin crust.  Helps cut back some of those carbs because a gluten-free pizza is just out of the question- that ain't even pizza...but I digress.Not too long ago, I noticed and even tried the delivery.  Right up to par there too.  These are good people, folks.
5	Just love this place. The staff is just sweet as can be. Lily is the best !!! We drive from Ahwatukee to get their pizza.
