5	Beautiful new studio in the SE.  First class instructors.  Variety of classes (hot and not), TRX/Bootcamp, Hot Pilates, Yin Yoga, Kettlebell, Trigger Point and on and on.  Pricing is reasonable for all of the variety.
5	I'm still really new at yoga, kettlebells, pilates and all.  In fact, I'm uncoordinated and more than a bit clumsy.  But I have to say -- the instructors at TruFusion Yoga are extraordinarily patient, kind and skilled.  Three of them have even offered me  one on one training. Without exception -- I love every one of them.  Yes, the studio itself is world class. Gorgeous. WIth every amenity imaginable - including fancy lockers like you'd find in a spa.  But it's the instructors that make me want to recommend this place to everyone I know. And even people I don't.  I call TF potato chips to my husband, but healthy ones -- you just can't stop! I've been known to plan my day around taking a couple of classes so I can work in between or visit friends nearby.  My company may be doing work for the studio in the future, but since I'm not officially doing work for them now, I feel comfortable (and ethical) posting this.  Try TruFusion.  Some of the instructors also teach at Summerlin Yoga.  TruFusion Yoga is still in its soft opening mode, with a grand opening planned for November.
5	If you love wellness and yoga, you'll love TruFusion!  After years of attending a wide variety of studios, here are the things I LOVE about TruFusion:Environment - the space is warm, inviting, innovative and they have thought of every little detail to make your experience attending a class or workshop more relaxed and enjoyable.   From the reception to the locker rooms they have a great attention to detail.   The heating, technology and space flow are cutting edge.People  - the instructors are excited to help EVERYONE!   Yes, everyone!  Whether you are new to yoga/pilates/kettlebells/TRX or any one of the other classes that support the wellness of your body, they are welcoming, supportive and encouraging!Philosophy - wellness of body, mind and spirit are the principles they have incorporated into how they operate their business.  You might call it wellness of the space, the well thought out operations and ease of attending, and their friendliness and graciousness for all who step through their doors!Oh... and they'll "bend over backwards" to make it a positive experience for you!
5	I have waited months for trufusion to open! Finally its here and its better that i imagined:) They have a  variety of classes to choose from making it convenient to fit your schedule. I look forward to going there every chance i get!
5	Best instructors in Vegas, great facility, great price!I started doing hot yoga in West LA at a place called Core Power, which is a really great place although expensive.  When I started doing it in Vegas, I found Vegas Hot.  Vegas Hot's facility wasn't as nice as Core Power, but it still had great instructors and I really enjoyed the classes and other members.  As to the instructors, Martin Hinton, Liz Steers, and Danielle MacDonald were my favorites.  So when Martin and Liz left to start TruFusion, I had to give it a try.  Hands down, TruFusion is a great place.  Without a doubt, it is the best hot yoga studio I have been to in Vegas and it is close to Core Power in LA.  Martin and Liz, along with some other great instructors, are teaching classes so I know I'll always leave feeling satisfied with my workout.  I appreciate the clean bathrooms, soap/shampoo/conditioner in the showers, and the unique lockers that are self-locking so I don't have to bring a lock with me.  Finally, the staff at TruFusion has been great.  It really gave me great customer service with my membership, and I'm looking forward to staying with TruFusion for years to come.  You should definitely give it a try!
5	What's not to love about this location?!?  As the previous reviews have stated they have great instructors, spa like facilities, variety of classes and times and price that makes it seem too good to be true!  Martin, Tony, and Liz are awesome instructors!   They were some of my favorites when they taught kettlebell, barefoot boot camp and pilates at Vegas Hot.
5	I have never reviewed a business on Yelp, but felt compelled to do so after I found the most amazing hot yoga and Pilates studio. I've been practicing hot yoga for 10 years now and have worked out at every studio in Las Vegas and Henderson. Trufusion is by far the best studio I've ever practiced at! They offer a wide variety of classes from TRX, to Yin, to hot yoga and Pilates, in one of 4 modern workout rooms. Trufusion also offers free lockable lockers, clean and modern showers and dressing rooms, ample parking, a state-of-the-art booking and check-in system, friendly staff members, and knowledgeable, energetic, inspiring instructors! Prices are extremely competitive. So happy to have Trufusion in Las Vegas!
5	I went there tonight and it was fantastic. Great teachers and wow what a workout. Love the Sundays 4-7 with DJ. Lots of fun. Can't wait to go back tomorrow for class. Teachers have no problem modifying for disabled people and they are so nice. Great workout!
5	Took barefoot Bootcamp with Liz tonight, and it was so much fun and an awesome workout! I love this studio, and the staff is so nice.
5	I can't even begin to say how amazing this place is! Go once and you'll be hooked:) all the instructors are amazing...they truly care about you! I'm so glad I found it! I can honestly say I enjoy going. I've tried a few classes including trufire, TRX, bootcamp, and Pilates and loved them all! I'm so looking forward to the changes I know I will make with the help of this amazing studio!
5	I have been in Las Vegas for 9 years now, and always been looking for a good yoga place. I yet to find one..until I saw this one on Groupon. I jumped on it right away. I thought, I check it out. Wow! I was super impressed when I walked in!  The place is clean, brand new,with 4 exercise rooms. They have showers, lockers, and I was told, they are building a juice bar soon!They have classes all day long! I have taken 4 so far, and today 2 of my friends also signed up-$49/month! Are you kidding me? It's so worth it-did I mention, UNLIMITED? I highly recommend to go to Jennifer Knox's class, she is very good, with great knowledge of Yoga. It seems to me, they got the best of the best here, the classes always full. They have hot pilates, TRX , Bootcamp, Kettlebell classes, just to name a few-I will try them all. The stuff is great! I leave on the SW side of town, but I do no mind to drive 20 minutes!All of you Yogis should check it out!
5	The best hot yoga spot in town!!!!! This place has a great energy and amazing instructors...
5	TruFusion is undoubtedly my favorite place to workout! I recommend this studio to anyone looking to increase their physical health. There are classes for everyone & the instructors and staff are very accommodating and approachable. I've never been afraid to express the need for modifications during workouts because the idea is to push yourself, but also work at your own pace. **Special thanks to Liz who always has positive energy and keeps her classes motivated!**
5	I've been to quite a few yoga/pilates studios and this is BY FAR the absolute best in town!! Everyone is so friendly and the instructors are awesome!  So positive and well educated.  The facilities are so clean and the staff really makes you feel comfortable.  I look forward to every class I take at TruFusion!  I 100% recommend this studio to all my friends and family.  My body has never felt better after just a few weeks of classes.  You will not be disappointed!  I HIGHLY recommend this studio!!  You should definitely try some of the classes!!
5	This IS the spot! Great layout and very chill vibe! Staff is very friendly and helpful and the instructors take their time regardless of your skill level to make you feel welcome.Highly recommended!!
5	I'm new to Trufusion and absolutely love it so far. I'm so happy there's a great studio  on this side of town. I joined with a few friends and we all love it. Great classes, staff and facility.
5	By far the best yoga studio in town. I love that it has a huge variety of classes: Kettlebells, TRX, hot yoga, bootcamp...the instructors are great, and everyone is helpful and friendly. I love that you can RSVP for classes ahead of time. That being said, you'll want to get there early. Some classes can be packed. The locker rooms will make you feel like you are at a spa. I have never liked to shower at the gym, but this place is the exception. They have soft water and great products in their showers! I actually look forward to showering there. Oh! They also have filtered water and ice machine, so I just have to bring my water bottle with me. Bonus!
5	I absolutely love this place! Trufusion is such a great place to work out you'll want to go every day and more. All the teachers are so friendly and welcoming. Trufire instructor Ashle' Worrick is amazing! She is so patient and encouraging and you can really feel that she wants to help you improve. This is definitely the best yoga studio!
5	Amazing variety and flexibility in the classes, you will NEVER get bored here. The instructors are passionate and lead amazing classes. I never leave without feeling like I had a fantastic workout!
5	The wonders of a Groupon. I would have never discovered this place if it wasn't for Groupon.  This place rocks.  Everyone is nice. The locker rooms and studios (there's are 4) are very clean.  Excellent juice/smoothie bar that isn't over priced.
5	This is a phenomenal studio. I have been to to several local studios in the past year trying to find just the right one. This is it. Great staff, amazing amenities. If you want variety and the ability to practice early in the morning or late evening, this is the place for you. I have three classes left on my Groupon, and then I will be signing up for their monthly membership. As no place is perfect, there are two areas in which TruFusion can improve:1. The icemaker rarely has ice! I'm sure the machine simply cannot keep up with the demand, but I can't tell you what a let down it is to come out of a hot class dying for some ice and being sorely disappointed :(2. It might be nice to let people know that they don't own the lockers. I have been to several 5:45 a.m. classes, where there are maybe 10 people there, but almost all the lockers are taken. It seems like people just keep their stuff in there permanently, and it can be challenging to find a locker. Or maybe offer the ability to purchase your own locker for a monthly fee. Otherwise, keep up the great work. I love this place and will continue to come in and get my ass kicked!
5	Just took my third class with Randel, he is excellent!  I had never taken a yoga class before.  The studio is very clean and has many options.  I also like their web site.  Extremely user friendly.  I would highly recommend this studio...
4	TruFusion is a beautifully modern twist on yoga and boot camp!As the name implies TruFusion is not your typical yoga studio.  There are a lot of hybrid classes offered here that are based on yoga, pilates, bootcamp, trx, etc.  Many of them are a blend that combine other disciplines as well, though they do offer a few more traditional experiences as well.  The facility is absolutely gorgeous, modern, and clean.  Each room has a different feel ranging from soothing candlelight ambiance, to no-nonsense workout attack.  The staff is helpful and friendly.  While the clientele is fun and laid back...still this seems a bit like a place to see and be seen. The list of classes displays the abundance of styles offered at TruFusion:Acoustic Candlelight YogaAshtanga Battle Ropes ExpressBlack Light Yoga/Pilates Hip Hop Booty PopHot Power Flow YogaHot Yoga BluesKettleBellsKettlebell FusionMoving MeditationsTRX 2.0TRX Bootcamp 60Tru Barefoot BootcampTru TRXTru Trigger PointTru YinTru-acro-yogaTruHot PilatesTruZumbaVinyasa Flow YogaYin Fused...whats more though is that they roll out special one time classes every so often as well...just in case you needed to mix things up a bit more!  I really enjoyed a punk rock revolution yoga session that was bold and in the face of the man as we flowed to a ton of classic punk!In addition to a wide variety of classes the facility really is special here...from the classes to the locker room to the entryway, no part was not intentionally prepared to heighten your experience.Check out a free class you first stop in.  I am partial to the yoga stylings of Jennifer Knox, but there are several great instructors depending on what you're into.
5	I've been taking classes during the 14 day trial period, and this is the very best studio of any kind I have been to in Las Vegas. Teachers are serious about what they do, they are amazing!  4 rooms with classes rotating all day long, literally.  Such a great variety of them as well which keeps things interesting. Very clean, nice inside. Smoothie bar, drinks, nice showers and locker room, great location, fun, light, everyone's nice! Give it a try!
5	I absolutely LOOOOOOOOOOOVETrufusion. I've taken a few classes here and every time I walked out I felt like I was on top of the world. Great energy! The instructors are awesome and very knowledgeable on pilates, yoga, kettlebells, and everything they offer.  It's a very clean facility, the staff are all awesome, they offer delicious smoothies after a workout. I have nothing but good to say about this place. Must try!
4	I am not a yoga gal.  My body is made for short, intense bursts of cardio or lots of high-intensity kicks and punches.  Long and lean I ain't.  However, being an open-minded gal, I was up for trying a Vinyasa yoga class at this new yoga center.  Located on Eastern (at Wigwam), TruFusion offers a wide variety of classes -- yoga, kettlebells, boot camp -- in a sparkling environment.  The check-in process is easy: slide your membership tag over the scanner, choose your class on the sign-in screen, and get into class.  The staff person who walked me through the process was yoga-perky without pretension.My actual class was fabulous.  Even I could tell that the instructor was legit; if her amazing, freaky flexibility wasn't a clue, the way she would monitor each person's position and alter body alignment was a huge giveaway.  I learned that "vinyasa yoga" is all about breathing and flow and, in this specific class, both of those things were practiced in a *slightly* heated room (I'm not sure about the exact temperature, but I'd guess it was around 85F).  Despite my misgivings as a TOTAL yoga ignoramus, I really enjoyed my class and felt amazing afterwards.  Holding all the positions and focusing on my breathing actually gave me a workout (yes, I was a skeptic).  I would purchase a membership if I didn't live on the complete other side of the city.  (I believe that auto-pay memberships are $50/month with a one-time activation fee.)  Boo.
5	I am in love with the studio. Let me just start this off by saying that first lol! I have not taken too many classes here but everyone that I've taken has been amazing. When you first walk in, the staff always greets you with a smile and that really gets you excited to take a class. The rooms are well kept and don't smell moldy or musty. The lockers are my favorite thing because you don't have to worry about keeping a key with you. Did I mention there's free water if you bring your own bottle? With the addition of showers, snacks and equipment rentals, this place seriously has it going on.They have a huge variety of classes and they are all not in heated rooms. I am very much a beginner, overweight and not flexible. Why are those details important? Because im never made to feel like I can't do it and everyone is always SUPER encouraging. If you've never taken a hot yoga class, drink TONS of water before. Don't rush and do what you can. I also suggest taking a Tru Yin class. There is a lot of floorwork and It feels like a massage when you're done. Seriously, I've been to several yoga studios in Vegas and ive never loved one as much as TruFusion. Everyone is down to earth, friendly and motivating. Im doing the 49.99 annual autopay and it's worht it. Im taking another class tonight. I suggest you check them out!
5	This studio gave me hope and made me fall in love all over again with yoga. From the great location to the very friendly staff, I cant help but to want to come here almost everyday. There are many classes offered and the best about it is there is classes all day. I work on the strip so having a large and flexible schedule with all types of classes is a major plus. The teachers are attentive, you can tell they are passionate about what they do. They take the time to correct and explain the poses. Ive never been so excited about a place, I would highly recomment dropping by and trying a Vin Flow class I guarantee you'll feel amazing after!!
5	My favorite studio!  It's gorgeous and clean with a great staff. There is no hard sell for memberships...unlike some other studios. And no smelly floors!!!
2	I'm on the fence for meh-I've experienced better, and a-ok. Soooo.......2.5 stars.My MIL has been going here frequently and has been telling us how great it is. She told my guy and I to create accounts online before coming to the class at 7pm tonight. I made sure everything was okay online, and we arrived at around 630. No one at the desk greeted us. There is a large shaggy dog parading around the studio..........unleashed..There's no sign saying "loose dog" or "beware of dog"....Good thing I'm not afraid or have allergies....?This really reminds me of a sushi restaurant more than a work out center.They have clothes on the wall, along with all kinds of accessories for sale.They have a hip little juice bar, and I think they might sell snacks.We waited around, and we felt like the kids in gym class getting picked last. No one spoke to us, no one even looked our way. We finally saw my MIL walk through the door. The brunette who signed us in didn't feel even remotely friendly. I don't even think she smiled at us, or say "hello". We paid, and headed to put our shoes in the cubbies.We walked into the warm room, and thankfully it did not smell like bikgram. It's the weirdest thing to me... Everyone socializing, on their phones, before the instructor entered. I found it weird, because there were still students in resting position, still actively practicing.I felt completely out of place. There was just a crazy flow to it. We sat in the back. The instructor was playing music. And it was random. Drake, pharell, reggae, rock and roll. I could barely hear any type of instruction.Some of these girls looked like they belong on the pole. Seriously, they would make millions with the moves they were pulling.Overall, this class and this place is just not for me. Feels more like a nightclub when you walk out of class.. big plastic boobs and ass hanging out.. Meh. Thanks but no thanks.
5	I've never been to TruFusion before today. It came highly recommended from several friends. I was so happy that I went. I took 2 classes, intro to yoga and hot Pilates. Both were really great. I love how clean and modern the studio was. They provide lockers that have their own lock which I thought was awesome for some reason. They also have a juice bar which is very convenient. If you're a local and provide ID you can sign up for $7 for the week and try as many classes as you'd like. ;o)
5	Yep, just when you thought Las Vegas couldn't possibly fill (or need, for that matter) another hot yoga/pilates studio, here comes TruFusion! And wow... does it make a splash! I live and work in west Las Vegas, but gladly drive across town to TruFusion, specifically for Heather S's classes. The studio is modern, clean, NEW, large, comfortable, and very positive. Heather's classes are awesome... she's one of those teachers who actually cares and has passion for yoga... not someone who just spits dialogue and goes through the motions. She clearly lives what she teaches, which is the only way for a teacher to be genuine! TAKE HEATHER'S CLASS!!!! See you in the hot room!
5	I never loved getting my butt kicked so much!!!  The place is immaculate and every instructor rocks!!!  there is every type of workout your body needs.  THIS STUDIO DOES IT RIGHT!!!
5	Definitely love coming here. A couple friends of mine joined, so I decided to give it a try. Man, I'm hooked! Their offerings - yoga, Pilates, kettlebells, trx, battle ropes, trigger point, and bootcamp. I've tried most if their classes, and have enjoyed them all. I stole through every yoga class, but the instructors I've had have ask been very encouraging and not judgey. Love, love, love the TRX class as well as the battle ropes. Haven't had s chance to do any kettlebell classes as there are none offered on my days off (Thurs, Fri) or in the early mornings before I have to go to work. Hopefully, as the business get larger, they'll add more classes. The facility itself if very nice. It's always clean. The locker room was a nice surprise. They even provide shampoo, conditioner, and soap for those of os who shower there. Overall, a great place. It's a twenty minute drive flute me to go, but well worth it. It's only fifty a month, out 400 annually. First timers can also get their first class free, or their first week for seven dollars. Give it a try, you have biting to lose (except for some unwanted weight)!
5	I absolutely LOVE this place. Super affordable, great variety of classes to choose from and all the instructors are very knowledgable! My favorite class is HOT PILATES with LIZ. She is so fun and very encouraging. Only $49.99 a month with no contract! This studio is seriously the best!
5	I LOVE this place. I started coming since November after I got 2 free Classes from Mark. I noticed they had a groupon and bought it to see how much I would actually go. I already had a membership at LVAC and I personally enjoy lifting weights on my own but I immediately fell in love with the class aspect and having someone telling you what to do was a really nice change of pace for me. I was in a rut at the gym and right around New Years they had a 14month for 399 deal and I bought the year knowing I would absolutely get my moneys worth! I frequent Liz and Martins classes the most. However, the schedule has changed 3 times since I joined and I am a creature of habit and frequently go at the same time every day. The first schedule change they canceled my absolute favorite class (Kettlebell & battleropes). I consider myself to be very athletic and that class challenged me mentally and physically EVERY TIME! Needless to say, I was super sad, but okay, it's just one day a week. The next major change to the schedule moved all of my favorite classes to ~1hr later in the morning. That made things a little harder, but I loved my instructors so I was willing to go with the flow. I have to say I have had 3 separate very frustrating run-ins with one of the owners there, Luke. Something must have happened because I no longer see him there and the other owner is fantastic and extremely approachable. Regardless, the instructors kept bringing me back even after those confrontations and it is the single best thing they have going for them. Liz&Martin are fantastic. Aside from the fabulous instructors their studio is super modern and they have lockers for you to use when you are there. The showers are so convenient with shampoo, body wash, and conditioner.
4	I really like this place, but just wish they offered more classes that were "slightly heated" or just not heated at all. Maybe I'm just not used to the heated workouts, but I think I'd enjoy the classes much more without the heat! And still get an awesome workout. I've been to several different classes, and they all give you a great workout! The instructors are top-notch, and the facility is very nice. I love that they have a dog there! If you forget your mat, it's only $2 to rent one. They also sell smoothies and water (in case you forget your water, too), and other things. They do have a nice variety of classes and lots of different times (which works awesome with my crazy schedule), I'd just like to see more non-heated options.  :)
2	Caviat: This review pertains ONLY to the vinyassa flow yoga classes, and I am a yogi who is interested in the mind-spirit-body connection that yoga provides in addition to the outward health benefits. Trufusion's take on yoga taps a familiar trend of teaching yoga like a workout class - more contemporary music, less focus on holding poses, more movement and less spiritual connection. They, like many other studios in Vegas think it needs to be 85+ degrees to practice yoga. I am soooo tired of trying yoga classes in this town and ending up sliding all over my mat because the studio or instructor thinks yoga can only be practiced in heat "to properly warm the muscles and prevent injury." I have been very athletic throughout my lifetime and have always been able to perform without injury in weather that was cooler than 85 degrees. How you may ask? By warming up! Ujjayi breath is designed to warm the body from the inside, and since when is it bad to do some light work and stretching to warm up before diving right into vinyassa flow? Sliding out of a pose because you're perspiring will cause more injury than a lower temperature I promise you. As great as you are at inner concentration the spiritual side of your practice is hampered by the frustration of not being able to hold poses and worrying about sliding into an injury, and listening to the loud music from the hard-core workout classes in the room next door. Would 75 degrees and some warm-up be a bad thing? Is everyone in such a hurry that we can't take 10 minutes to warm up? I am not opposed to sweating in the least, but I go to the gym regularly to soak my clothes - not the yoga mat. I really don't understand this trend at all, and if anyone has any enlightenment to share on the subject please do. In the meantime, if you like sliding around and struggling to hold poses, like many people apparently do these days (especially the younger crowd, check out all the 5-star reviewers here), vinyassa at TruFusion is definitely for you. Just wear a long shirt and long pants, or plan to break your practice many times to dry off with a towel if you want to hold poses and practice comfortably. Or you could just not give 100%, but then why go in the first place?Update - Raised to 2 stars as the instruction seems sound, but the vinyassa instructors I've had so far (Alicia, Jennifer, Randall) all LOVE the heat - though Randall's class is a little less intensive and closer to the floor so you are able to stay below the blasts of hot air from the heating unit above. Heather's yin class is in 85 degrees as well, but slower so not as bad.
5	My friend got me a 5 day pass to this place and I'm hooked to hot yoga, pilates, kettlebell, and other classes offered. My 5 day is up so I'll be getting a year membership that's beneficial for me on obtaining my health and well being goal for 2014.
5	Safe. They made me feel safe. And for an old white guy - That is huge! The facility is awesome. Well planned, well executed. I haven't tried all the instructors - but Liz is awesome! It was a large class - but I could tell that she knew that I was new - and that she wanted to keep an eye on me. Perfect - Yes, as an old white guy, I needed the extra eye to ensure that I survived the class! The classes are great - and after one week, I'm starting to feel the results! I highly recommend TruFusion!
5	AMAZING. Absolutely love this place. For pilates and barefoot bootcamp, Martin and Liz are unreal. Janelle and Mark teach an awesome TRX class. Strongly recommend that you arrive at least ten minutes before a class. One of the reasons I love this studio is the number of classes they have in the day. I can go to the 5:45 and 6 am classes or hit the 7:15 and 8:30pm classes depending on my schedule. On top of the great instructors and class times, it is also really affordable. Especially compared to other studios nearby.
5	I am scared to write this for fear I won't get into classes anymore, but I love this place so much. LOVE it. Amazing teachers, amazing facilities, amazing schedule that works for EVERYONE.  It's also an incredible deal.Only thing that would make it even more perfect would be if they had an 8am hot pilates class. 6:30 is a little rough for me, and sometimes it's hard to get there after work... that is literally the ONLY thing I could possibly suggest and that's just me wishing.
5	Everyone here is awesome the instructors the people that frequent the place. This was my first experience with hot yoga or pilates, i also enjoy the other classes such as bootcamp and TRX they are awesome as well. I have done a lot of different fitness regimens in the past and this is by far the best thing i have ever done both for mind and body. I did the 7 days for $7 to start and after my first 3 days i knew i was signing up for the year. I will be signing up year after year after year!!! I have seen the results from my efforts faster than any other form of exercise i have ever done. Im addicted!!!
5	I'm hooked ... and I've never been the type who liked to work out. I've joined numerous gyms and only ended up going for a week or so. But this place, I can't stay away! It's a brand new facility with a "sanctuary" vibe to it. They offer an amazing variety of classes, and each teacher has a different routine  so you'll never get bored. I feel challenged every single workout however none of the classes are too intimidating. For 49.99/mo with no contract, you can't beat that!Absolutely LOVE TruFusion!
5	This place rocks my world. Where to start? The studio itself is absolutely amazing...it's like walking into a spa. There are four separate classrooms. Three are heated and one is not. Hot Pilates and Bootcamp are held in a large room and they can get pretty packed later in the day, but I think that makes for a highly energized class. TRX, Kettlebells and Battle Ropes are held in a slightly heated room but you barely notice it. The TruFire, Power Flow and TruYin are held in the highest heated room and you get an amazing sweat in while increasing flexibility. Yin, Ashtanga and Vinyasa classes are held in a non heated room and it's a beautiful relaxing atmosphere. You can tell each teacher truly loves what they do, and they want you to have the best experience possible. I can't even pick a favorite because they are ALL so absolutely wonderful. They each bring their own vibe and energy to the class so it's always new and exciting. Everyone is so friendly and accomodating and eager to help. You absolutely cannot beat their prices. Their class schedule is amazing... sometimes the hardest part is trying to pick what class I want to take at a certain time... This place is an absolute dream!
5	Nowhere can top this facility.  I really consider this my home away from home.  Every instructor is absolutely qualified to the highest level.  Martin, Liz, Marc, Janelle, Monica, Nikka....I mean everyone is fantastic.  Each person makes you feel so welcome.  They really, really care about your time spent with them.  My sister has been doing yoga for 10+ years and has been active her whole life.  I took her to Martin's TruHot Pilates class one weekend and she was hooked.  She lives in Colorado and she told me she actually experienced a bit of fitness depression because she could not find a class that matched Martin's class.  Every teacher is fantastic.  Just when I think I have plateaued or tried every class, more diverse classes are added to the schedule.  TRX/Pilates has left me sore in places I haven't been sore in for a long time.  JUST FANTASTIC.  LOVE THIS PLACE.
5	I'm in LOVE! UNLIMITED??!! WHATT??? I can go workout crazy! I'm a girl from Los Angeles. I've been to so many studios and this one is by far the BEST! They offer so many different classes, many I can only get there. Plus the studio is gorgeous and smoothies are amazing. They definitely have a member here for life.
5	Beautiful studio! Offers many different classes at almost every hour. The instructors are awesome and passionate about fitness. They offer variations for beginners and advanced students in their classes so you can either get through it or challenge yourself. A few of my favorite classes are Barefoot Bootcamp, Hot Pilates, and TRX. If I'm not at work or at home, you'll probably find me here.
5	I never thought I would like yoga but the fact that there are so many options and times for classes makes it so easy to get up and just go. The teachers are all awesome and I can't wait to try all of the classes they offer!
3	I had a bad experience with the staff but had a great conversation with Liz one of the instructors that is also in charge. My focus is to get great customer service and not a deal. She did just that! She apologized, honored my purchase and more plus made me want to go back and sign up for a membership. Thank you for taking the time to call me and change my perspective on how your business is run. She gets how to treat people and has great communication skills. For that , I will try tru fusion again !
5	This place is kind of  like my second home Lol. I love it here. The instructors are the best. Liz is so encouraging and kind. Everyone makes you feel like family. The place is always clean. The workouts are tough and challenging.  I like how there are so many different classes.
5	I have been going for few months now to the studio who has some of the best teachers in townJennifer mark Randell Elizabeth. And many more not in the same order who are just amazing teachers Lots of classes Very clean Very friendly staffThe best in Vegas in my eyes Well done guys !!
5	Best studio E-V-E-R! They offer so many types of classes and have an awesome group of teachers. From the moment you walk in to this beautiful studio, you will notice how immaculately clean they keep it, and how much thought was put into designing it. You will walk in happy, but leave even happier (and sweatier!). Their every day prices beat any studio in town.
5	I absolutely love this place! I have been coming here for 6 months and it only gets better! They constantly add classes and create new ones. The instructors are knowledgable, prompt, encouraging, and organized. I have taken almost every class with a different instructor. They are all good, however, Liz, Martin, Ian, Janelle, Mark, and Jennifer K. are the best! There are so many different classes to choose from, so it's hard to get bored. Moreover, they are offered from 6am-8:30pm on most days! If you're looking to work your ass off while still having a great time, Tru is for you!
5	my heaven...just amazing!!!! absolutely the most incredible studio with the best classes and instructors around!!
1	I loved practicing yoga here. I went to class almost every morning for the last six months. One of my fav teacher left and her classes were cancelled - which is totally understandable. BUT ----  they decided to cancel ALL the morning classes taught by my other fav teacher. I joined only for morning Ashthanga and so did many of the dedicated practitioners. We've voiced our needs and obviously they don't listen to their clients. I felt like they took away my favorite coffee from Starbucks. I advise you to be careful on committing because one day your amazing class will be POOOF gone. I was jaw dropping stunned disappointed in the customer service + how corporate management is handling this. If your going to own a business and build clients be reliable. I feel like false advertisement, what they offered in the beginning and the energy has totally shifted and its not about their customers anymore. I don't really give bad reviews but I really wanted to voice my opinion on this since no one at the studio is listening. NOW this is like any other hot studio in vegas, what they stood out for in the beginning has vanished. I also have referred almost 10 clients to them and was told I am getting one month free each person but haven't received that yet.
5	I have been to every gym in Vegas and this is by far the best. They have classes all day long from 600 am until 830 Pm with a wide variety to choose from. They have everything from kettlebells, trx, battle ropes, hot pilates, yoga and a bunch of other classes I haven't even tried. The instructors are top of the line, friendly, knowledgeable, and encouraging. From my first class I was hooked and immediately paid for the year up front. Their prices are very reasonable and with the wide variety of classes it is the best bargain in town. I very highly recommend this place.
3	I've been a member for 3 months now and I love the location and facility itself. I would give them 5 stars but the only thing stopping me is that I am yet to find a teacher I really bond with and enjoy being taught by. There was one who I preferred but she allows people to make jokes during the class and it takes away from the practice of yoga. I've heard great things about Ashley so I'm hoping to try her class this week.
5	It's hard to know where to even begin with this place. It's clean, well organized, great staff, adorable shop dog, delicious smoothie bar, and incredible classes. I've tried just about every class offered at trufusion and a good number of the instructions and you pretty much can't go wrong. The hot power flow and trufusion are my two favorites, but the Pilates and TRX classes are also great. Cristin is my absolute favorite, she brings such a vibrant energy to every class. I highly recommend this facility and for everyone to try something new like. Express battle ropes!
5	After taking their yoga classes, you'll be TRANSFORMED and ready to take on the  world.  The instructors are very encouraging no matter what level you are at.  It's cliche, but oh so TRUE.  Good for body, mind, and SPIRIT!
5	After being reached out to with a recommendation by management, I am happy to say that I'm glad I stuck with TruFusion. You really do just need to find the right instructor for you and then this place is the best for hot yoga in Vegas. As I said before, the facility is really great and very relaxing. Thanks for reaching out, I really appreciate it!
4	I just started going to the yoga studio and I really like how bad ass the place looks and feels. Very professional. I got the groupon and you have to use it within 40 days which is cool. I've only tried the tru fusion yoga classes because I'm too scared of the other ones. They look insanely hard. That is my only draw back to this gym... I think it would be nice if when you first sign up they give you a little tour and description of the classes before the lions den. Luckily I have a friend that showed me where to go. Just a suggestion. I will continue to come because I feel like the yoga is a great stretch to my daily workout routine. Thanks for reading
5	I absolutely love this place. I purchased a groupon because I heard that my favorite instructor's(zeek vincent)new yoga home would be here. I have not been disappointed.  When looking at the schedule I thought, wow is this vegas hot.......lol? Being that I am just getting back into my practice, I wanted to attend a studio that had instructors that I am familiar with.  That way I would feel more comfortable branching out and trying new classes. I'm not big into pilates, but I do like kettelbells.  I've done crossfit before where kettelbells are used, but at trufusion that teach you the proper way to use them. Z flow and baptistie classes are amazing. I recently took my 1st tru yin class with mbt(loved it). I just signed up for a 1 year unlimited membership.  You can't beat the price.  The studio is always clean. The members and front desk are very friendly(shout out to Patrick). Tons of lockers and the smoothie bar isn't bad either.  A little pricey, but it's fine for a once in awhile treat.
5	Great place! Very clean and the staff/instructors are awesome! !  Lots of showers, large locker room, ice & filtered water available. Smoothies are made to order also! Rental towels & yoga Matts. Great prices on the many classes. I got in on an intro price of $7 for 7 days! Easy location off the 215 & Eastern.
5	I just wanted to give some praise to Estelle, as every single time I leave her class I feel great and my weekly troubles are forgotten. Thanks for your great Yin classes! Anyone looking for a very focussed and relaxing class, she's been the best for me.
5	Thanks to some friends who said, "your gonna love it!" I LOVE IT! Hot Pilates a must! 1-5 (5 being the best)Location - 5 close to homeInstructor - 5 she was awesome!Price - get GROUPON so worth it!Time of class - 5 - as classes are every hour! Note - Bring your own mat, towel and DO NOT forget WATER! Definitely going back for this class and hubby and I will be on TRX next! Man up men my hubby loved it as we both got our butts handed to us.
5	I've been going to this gym for about 9 months now. The combination of classes has kept me in the best physical health since college. Co-workers have noticed changes in my physique and I sleep better at night too.The classes cover everything I need. I tend to stick to some mild yoga chill out twice a week to loosen up my body for the more intense kettle bells and TRX. My first introduction to heated classes started here, and they are well worth the sweating.The instructors here are all serious, dedicated, and kind.  They have great taste in music.  Martin, Cristina, Randy and Janelle all deserve shout outs right here.I will probably never go back to solo weight lifting and treadmills again.Note: bring your own mat and water, but if you forget you can get them there. No need to bring your own lock, as you can set combos in the lockers.
5	This has been voted before as the best yoga studio in town and if you go it's easy to see why. This place is awesome!! Great instructors, great classes and easily one of the nicest studios in town. There a wonderful range of classes from the more relaxing to the I-will-crush-you-mere-mortal kind of classes ( but I do mean that in the best way because if you want to get lean, strong and healthy, these classes will get you there ). Don't forget to tip your instructors! They never push doing so but these guys are great and deserve a little love ;)
5	TruFusion is hands down the best yoga/Pilates studio in Vegas. The unlimited monthly rate is so reasonable. Usually these classes would cost at least $20 per class. The facility is very modern and clean. So many class times throughout the day for each category. I love it! The instructors are great especially Liz, Martin & Janelle. I love the hot Pilates & sculpt, TRX, and bootcamp classes. Located on eastern and the 215 so really close to everything. No complaints! 5 stars!
5	I own a studio/gym and still love TRUFUSION - It's a beautiful facility with supportive staff and great classes! My fav is their TRX and TRX BOOT CAMP - WOW!
5	The studio is like a spa--gorgeous, clean, and an environment that encourages you to stick around. They have the best instructors in the valley. I'm a huge fan of Liz, Martin, Eddie, Janelle, mark, and zeek. You really can't go wrong no matter what class they're teaching. The studio also has the best variety. No matter what day of the week, or what time of day, I have multiple options depending on my mood. Finally, the staff is friendly, professional, and helpful. This is by far the best place to get your fitness on in las Vegas. By far!
1	I started to go to this place when they first opened! It WAS amazing for a few months. Seemed like they had the best teachers in the whole world there. TRX- unbelievable results in a couple of months, great Vinyasa, Bootcamp...so I bought a year membership there. Soon after the changes started to happen. They would take away classes on the schedule and make "fusion" classes instead. We asked management to put back those classes as they were the best and always full- The attitude of "managers" was like they were doing us a favor and we should not complain for the price we paid..etc...Disgusting!..few weeks have past and 2 of the best teachers were let go and than more followed...First, their classes were taken away, than they either left of was sent away. The place is going down so quickly,...EGO is the KING there. Teachers come and go, the place is dead. No qualified instructor for TRX, and they started kids aerobic. For Christ Sake!! What is going on??? This could have been the Best place in town. Shame on You management, you don't deserve to have any business here!!!
5	This is my place of Zen. I come here for some "Me time"... Such a wonderful establishment. There are so many pros that there was no reason to give this place anything less than 5 stars. My favorite instructors are Liz and Martin. They are so amazing! I also like Christina. I've been here 4 months and my body and strength has completely changed. I absolutely love their smoothies although I do wish they were a bit cheaper.  The only bad class I've taken was with Rachel. She's not that great at instructing she seemed condescending, while others make you feel motivated and push you in a positive way she seems the complete opposite, just a bad experience. After a conversation with 4 girls from the class they completely felt the same about her, one trick pony and we all couldn't wait for the class to be over. That's definitely not too big of a problem because the fix is as simple as not taking her class again.  Man, thank you Trufusion!!! You have changed my body and mind in ways you could not even begin to imagine! I look forward to my time at this studio.
1	I was going everyday, but slowly my favorite instructors were being fired left and right for the most ridiculous reasons. It was the last straw when I heard how they got rid of Janelle. I called immediately to cancel my membership. I'm saddened that my favorite yoga place has become my least.
5	One of my most favorite places! Gorgeous location. Great smoothie bar. Amazing staff. Excellent classes.
5	I can't get enough of this place! Every instructor is totally awesome and has their own little tips and tricks that make my practice exciting and evolving. The other members are all totally cool too.  And the classes are so diverse that all kinds of goals can be met, whether they be flexibility, strength, endurance or relaxation. There are always classes going on too, so with my crazy, hectic schedule I'm still able to find some time to take care of myself.
5	The studio is one of the best in town. Their teacher Paige Warthen without a doubt has the most advanced Ashtanga practice in Las Vegas. If you practice Ashtanga in Las Vegas you should know who she is.
5	This studio is outstanding. I had never done TRX or Yoga or Pilates and was very nervous about attending a class. However, as challenging as the classes were (in a great way) each instructor took the time to correct me or give the group different options for their skill level. The studio is large, clean, and everyone is very friendly. I'm sad that I had to cancel my monthly membership (couldn't make it as much as I wanted to with 2 little kids at home - trufusion.... Future babysitting options????) but unwilling back using a 10 class package in the new year. The service I received when I called to cancel my monthly membership was outstanding (Patrick) as well. Truly a wonderful experience overall.
5	Amazing yoga place! They have a huge studio that's very clean, and is perfect for working out! They also have jewelry and a hangout area too.
5	Best yoga studio in Vegas. Love the people, the classes, the facilities- everything about this place is totally incredible.
5	My husband and I love this gym. Prior to trufusion, I was always been a traditional gym type of girl. I would run 20 minutes; do 3 sets with 10-15 reps of weights. Then call it a day. Well, I got board of that routine, and over the lack of respect over at gold's gym (our prior gym). So we tried out trufusion. They let you try the gym for 1 week for 7 dollars. Highly recommend this, since it allows you to experience various teachers and different classes. Having been here for 6 months now, I can say my favorite are the barefoot bootcamp (even though it's in a hot room which I hate). TRX classes taught by janelle, Christina, Jane. Tru circuit-by martin or christina. Beginners yoga by Jacqueline, vinyasa by Jennifer Knox. And if I have a particular death wish one day...I take the battle ropes and kettle bell classes. Epic. You will be sore.Not a fan of the Pilates classes, simply because I sweat my body weight in them but don't seem to get sore muscles. (Others swear by them, I don't care for them).It is more pricy than other basic gyms, but every workout is taught by a trained professional ensuring that your form is perfect. For the minimized risk injury I recommend this place.
5	TruFusion, where do I start with you? I tried Body Heat Hot Pilates & Yoga and thought TruFusion was going to be the same but it wasn't. This place had it's own vibey feel. It's very clean and the employees are friendly. I love that they have their own little snack bar right in the lobby. Parking has no struggle and the location is easy to find. TruFusion has a large variety of classes at various times which is awesome for the busy bee! I would highly recommend any class with Zeeky. He.Is.Amazing.I've never had a yoga class taught by an instructor that is as passionate as he is. He motivates you, makes you feel comfortable and has a charm to him that makes you want to come back for more. He goes out of his way to help anyone who needs it and is not intimidating. Thank you TruFusion, for showing me what the #YogiLife is about.
5	Best place in Vegas! Hot yogaBarefoot bootcampHot pilates TRX ...the list goes on...constantly adding new classes and not afraid to experiment with fusing different disciplines together.
5	This place is absolutely amazing. Great classes, clean rooms and facilities, awesome merchandise for sale and friendly staff! Definitely worth doing the monthly plan. It's a great studio.
2	I bought the Groupon and after the first class determined that I could not handle the Hot classes. They wouldn't let me give it to a friend that may have loved it.  They have other classes but not at the time I was looking for. Wasted my money.
