4	We are staying at the Arizona Biltmore and our package comes with lunch and dinner. Our certificates have allowed us to eat VERY well and not exceed our 'allowance'. The outdoor seating is great, especially near the fireplace. We would highly recommend the Tortilla Soup and the Rotisserie Chicken Salad for lunch and we enjoyed many great dinner entrees. Even thought it isn't on the menu, ask for the Falling Water drink....yum!!!!
4	Not only did I enjoy sitting outside for a lovely ladies business lunch at Frank & Albert's last week, but I enjoyed the best Cobb salad ever!  I'm picky about chicken and this was excellent quality and delicious rotisserie chicken they used.  The combo of the other ingredients (lettuce, tomato, egg, avocado, bacon, and black olives) along with the green goddess dressing was superb.  It was a beautiful presentation too!My dining companions' meals looked amazing as well.  I saw the Biltmore Bistro Burger, the Grilled Fish Tacos, and the B.A.L.T. (their Tuesday Blue Plate Special).  We devoured pretty much everything on the table too...The service was a tad on the slow side but it was also a packed restaurant.  I will have to return for breakfast, dinner, and/or happy hour too as all of their menus look outstanding.  The bar/drinks menu alone has something for everyone with economy friendly prices.  If you have not yet been to the Arizona Biltmore, this new restaurant is reason to go... and since this year marks the Biltmore's 80th Birthday, there is a ton of history in the resort as well.
4	Bloody Mary comes with garnish of salami, pepperoncini, big shrimp, olive and a mozarella ball.  Ya, I'll take this over a celery.  Pass on the celery ceaser salad...good idea, not so good on taste.  Everything else was delicious.
4	decided to do a little appetizer tasting menu (of our own creation) here. the chili sundae was original and delicious. the duck-fat poached fries are a must-have with any meal. avoid the celery caesar salad. but then again, that doesn't even sound that good, does it? they make kick-ass bloody marys too!
4	Had a delightful lunch after a trip to the spa with my better half.  Service was a bit slow but good food and good drinks in a casual setting.  Definitely worth checking out if you're staying at the Biltmore or in the neighborhood.
4	My wife and I went here for happy hour last night.  If you stick to the happy hour menu then its a pretty good deal.  I should have listened to my own advice because after having a way-too-sweet happy hour Prickly Peartini I decided I needed a "big boy" drink and ordered a regular martini.  While the regular martini was decent, I should have stuck to the Prickly because $17 was outrageous for the size they give you.  My wife made the same mistake and ordered a $15 glass of wine instead of their "house" wine which would have been $5.  Needless to say we learned our lesson when it comes to drinks at this place.  We were a bit smarter about the food.We shared a "Savory Nibbles" platter which is a selection of 4 very small....nibbles.  We shared the deviled egg, meatloaf slider, grilled cheese and the shrimp and manchego flat.  It was all excellent and I could have eaten an entire plate full of any one of those things.  Be warned that they are only a very small taste and only enough for one bite each if you are sharing with another person.  Anyway its not bad for $5 during happy hour.  There are 3 or so other selections that looked good as well.3 or so of their other appetizers are 1/2 off during happy hour so we ordered the Charred Chicken Lollipops.  You get a decent portion of small chicken drumstick things in some tasty sauce.  They are NOT fried and weren't drowned in sauce.  Anyway, these were excellent and I would definitely order them again. Like most decent happy hours in the valley, this one was quite typical in terms of service.  The bar area gets a bit crowded and it takes forever to get a drink and food.  It is not really the waiters' fault because they are going almost as fast as they can.  The problem is that there aren't enough of them so they are stuck serving way to many tables.
4	Family dinner out on the patio by the fireplace on a perfect March evening can't get much better then that but wait! there's more.  We ordered calamari for an appetizer. It was perfectly fried not greasy at all with a side of  delicious cocktail sauce. I ordered a small organic caesar you get a choice of celery root or organic regular. I chose the celery and it was delicious, perfect portion. If you like more lettuce then get the regular caesar. Then I ordered the chicken and goat cheese desert flat bread pizza. It was more than I could eat but I sure tried to finish it. It was delicious nice moist chicken with the tang of the goat cheese and sweet figs. The desert flat bread was a nice alternative to a regular pizza dough. Great combination of ingredients. All in all a great experience! Katy was our server she was attentive but not breathing down our necks. I cant' wait to go back!
4	Beautiful outdoor space and excellent food. I had the empanadas, while my dining companions had the fish tacos and the Cobb Salad. The fish came on the side and had to be put in to the tacos yourself--they still looked and I'm told tasted wonderfully.I had the basil lemonade drink, which was quite tasty.The desert menu was very appealing, but we unfortunately had to dash before we could enjoy desert.
3	If you come to Frank and Albert's, it's for the views and location, not for the food.  It felt really hip to be at the famous Arizona Biltmore, in all its Art Deco glory, but the meal we had here was overpriced and nothing to write home about.  I had a chef's salad, upon another Yelper's recommendation that it was "the best she had ever had" and was thoroughly disappointed.  It was lackluster, and seemed as though the ingredients came out of a can.After a sub-par meal, stroll the grounds and you won't be as upset that you got a little ripped off at the restaurant.
4	Really Hip n Happen'n Bar.  Different & Interesting Drink List - Lavender Infused Organic Vodka with Candied Petals?  Lemonade, Organic Vodka & Muddled Basil?  Wow, sure, I'll try that too!  (I do like them crisp and clean, so i prefer w/o any 'simple syrup' concoction they add to them all - way too sweet - but that's up to you and your taste.)also thought the wine tasting - 3 pours of either a flight of red or white - was really cool and a good way to try wines I would not normally shell out for a ful glass or bottle.Luved the bar bites sharing plates - totally YUM!  wow!  Duck, pork, turkey meatballs, tomotoe soup shooters, i forget what else, but i do intend to go back and try some more - they were excellent.I did find it strange that along the bar, in the middle, they had this lower seating area, which was really weird - for wheelchairs?  it was strange looking down at people who kept sitting there.  They were introducing new menus and wine lists, so memorial wknd was super duper busy, which meant our service was not very prompt, but i can tell it was just one of those nites where it was out of the ordinary - there general standards look way above the normal, so i would like to visit again when it isn't as crazy there.
5	This was such an amazing surprise to our trip out to Arizona. We stayed at the Biltmore and decided to try Frank & Alberts for our first breakfast and never went anywhere else.My husband and I eat organically, so it was a delight to actually find a REALLY good restaurant that offers these options for people like us. The staff was absolutely delightful! They remembered our names, gave us exceptional service, and really made the whole experience just wonderful. The chef also came out and paid us a visit, which is always good in my book as you are never able to give the proper compliments to their hard work.For breakfast, definitely try the eggs benedict! Their twist on it was a unique delight for someone who is an eggs benedict lover. They use a smoked pork loin vs a ham and their hollindaise was to die for!For dinner, definitely try the bass. For cocktails, you MUST try the Lavender and Lemons martini. Lavender infused vodka with lemonade and candied violets.The only thing I would request that they improve is their desserts. Two people in our party had their cherries jubilee and the bananas foster. Both felt more like ice cream with fruit vs the traditional (or even modified) application. It was a bit of a disappointment, but overall we were extremely pleased with this place!
5	Nice place great food and service. We could definitely taste the quality in which the food has being hormone free meats and local farmed vegetables. The wheat germ crunch pancakes did not suck at all. I can't wait to enjoy the buffet on Sunday. Definitely go here if you like well cooked and clean tasting foods.
2	Had high hopes. Nice spot at the Biltmore Hotel. We sat on the patio, which nice. What wasn't so nice was the food and service. Overcooked fish, slow service and my wife's second drink was forgotten. At that point I can't even accept the kind free dessert. Nothing horrible about F. and A., just not good enough at the moment to go back.
4	My in-law's were staying at the Biltmore for the weekend, so we checked out Frank and Albert's for dinner on Sunday night. The prices are pretty steep, but it's within a resort so you have to expect your meatloaf dinner to be over $20.We sampled many different dishes such as the turkey meatloaf with mashed potatoes and mixed veggies within the potatoes, empanadas, pizza and the yummy and not too greasy hamburger served on an English muffin. I found the food to be very good, but a bit pricey. Our server Alexis was awesome! She was so friendly and made sure we had everything we needed. I didn't get to try any of their desserts, but everything on the dessert menu sounded delicious. Despite the high prices I would go back.
5	The food was SOOO GOOD! You cannot miss out on eating at this place.  There was never a dull moment.  The drinks were GREAT TOO!
3	We thought the food was good and the atmosphere was great.  I thought the prices were a bit much for what you got.  I ordered the breakfast buffet for $20, it consisted of an omelette bar, yogurt-tini's, sausage, bacon, scrambled eggs, and some breads.  For a LOT less you get a LOT more at other places, but then again you're at the Biltmore.  The seating is very cool, lots of different set-ups, they even have a table in its own private glassed in room.  Service was nothing to write home about, I think our water was filled once after sitting empty for some time.  If you order coffee they give you a pot.
5	I have eaten here several times and always find the food and atomsphere excellent.    The waite statf are outstanding.    It is a great place to have a wonderful meal and relax.     The food and drinks are great.     IF you want a have a extra special meal with someone special I highly recommend Frank & Albert's
4	Great food. Biltmore is a top notch resort and this restaurant lives up to the standards of Blitmore. Food was great. I had the buffet which consisted of Country Fried Chicken, Stake, Mashed Potatos, Gravy, Fruit Salad, Vegis... I mean the whole deal. It was all so tasty. Buffet is well priced. But the menu items are a bit expensive. Food is great but I think some of the items are over priced for the size of the portion served, lol. I eat a lot, so my portions need to be bigger.The people are nice.
5	You have to walk thru the crowded bar to get to the restaurant. A jazz band was setting up to play so we got a chance to hear it during dinner. We had reservation but for a Friday nite, it wasn't really needed. For drinks, I tried the Lavendar & Lemon martini. Frankly, I barely tasted the lavendar and didn't taste any citrus or lemon at all. Don't think I'll get that again. I ordered the onion rings for appetizer & one order was enough for 2 to share. Prime rib was cooked perfectly. Came with baked potato and broccoli but we had to ask for sour cream for the baked potato. The Meatloaf was a little different from any meatloaf I've ever had, served on top of pinto beans and spinach. At first glance it didn't look appetizing but it was very moist and flavorful. I would've liked gravy or a sauce to make it more complete but I would order it again as it is. Pumpkin creme brulee for desert was more like pudding than the custard I expected but it was also very good. The atmosphere was relaxed and happy. Lighting was low. We had to wait for our eyes to adjust to the candle light before we could read the menu. I heard a few people at a table near us ask for more candles so they could see the menu! Service was awesome. We never had to wait for anything and the waiter was always available (but didn't hover) as well as friendly & informative. We never felt rushed and the waiter didn't drop the check til we asked for it. Would definitely come back again. Prices are what you'd expect from a high-end resort restaurant with great food, excellent service and wonderful atmosphere. After all. that's what you're actually paying for when you order that $30 prime rib dinner, right? Valet parking is free if you tell them you're eating at the restaurant.
4	One of my favorite brunch places.  (More so than dinner) For brunch the spicy bloody mary's are the best way to start.  They have a great ricotta french french toast.  If you have a hankering for dessert, they have tableside smores which you don't find anywhere else.After brunch you can stroll the grounds and enjoy the beautiful weather.  They have a great happy hour where you can get $5.00 drinks and $5.00 small plates and nibbles.  Overall, can't go wrong, one of the better resort restaurants.
4	Ok, I don't think that this will be spot that I go to all the time, but the Happy Hour is strong to very strong. $5 dollar bar boards. You get to pick four items. I had two sliders, a deviled egg, and a grilled cheese thingy. They were all darn good. Sitting outside is definitely a plus. Cool vibe and a great setting.
5	Amazing!  We stayed at the Biltmore over Christmas with an all-inclusive package.  With this package we were able to try a large variety of items on the menu.  The staff was incredibly friendly and recognized us by the 2nd day.  The first day we started off with the smashed avocados.  Great flavor - def not boring!  We also tried the pulled pork empanadas.  Not too much flavor, but not bad either.  During our stay we tried the pizza (late night and the pie was HUGE), the Burger (awesome taste) and the chicken and goat cheese flat.  All were very well prepared and had great flavor.  So maybe the reason the cheese pizza was incredible was because it was after cocktails, but really not bad for a resort.Definitely need to try the FF prepared in duck fat.  We tried this one and the sea salt fries.  They were both good, but the duck fat fries had just that little something extra.We ate Christmas dinner at F&A's also.  Very good again.  The best part was the table-side smores!  Overall our experiences were wonderful!  Even though most of our meals were eaten here, there is still more on the menu I'd like to try.
4	I love the new and improved Frank and Albert's! Over the years, I've frequented Frank and Albert's and always enjoyed my meal and experience. It was always a solid good time. Just recently, they reopened their doors with a renovation, so I was eager to revisit to see if it was the same or better then it was before. The answer is...both the same and better!I'll first start with the decor. The new decor is nice. It's trendier and newer and not just your typical diner experience anymore. They created a sun room of sorts, so you can eat inside with the feel of outside but you won't have to worry about the weather since you're actually inside! The patio remains the same with new and improved patio furniture and the fire place (my favorite part) still remains! Now on to the food. The food is much like the original food, but has some new improvements. I went with the sandwich and holy moly bread. I think it was about a loaf of bread in one sandwich but no necessarily a bad way! A cone full of sweet potato fries accompanied the sandwich and were the perfect mix. The sandwich was too large to eat in one sitting but each bite was tastefully delightful! When I got my meal, they provided me with normal ketchup and Frank and Albert's house made ketchup. I gave the house made ketchup a chance just to see what it was like but unfortunately it didn't quite live up to Heinz expectations.
1	I used to really enjoy dining at Frank & Alberts but a visit last week for dinner with out of town guests was really disappointing.  Started with the roasted tomato soup that tasted and had the mouth feel of diluted tomato paste. The meatloaf that I have enjoyed many times was just ok but the portion was much smaller than before. One of my companions stopped after two spoons of the soup and was also disappointed with the portion size of the meatloaf. Though incredibly uncrowded on a Saturday night the service was listless. And to boot when I got the check the server had added his gratuity without mentioning it to us. I am used to this latter practice for a party of 6 or more but we were only 4. I did complain to the manager but he did absolutely nothing!  If this represents the new Frank & Albert's its in serious trouble.Permalink | Report | Reply
3	This is a review of Happy Hour only. First let me say, I went with a large group of about 30 people, and our waitress did an awesome job! She put everyone on their own checks, and was super efficient, so I would definitely return if only for that reason. The atmosphere is nice and the chairs are comfortable, and they even have a few booths. The drink specials for their specialty cocktails are the best deal, they are all around $5. The Prickly Peartini is probably one of the best drinks I have ever had, it was not too sweet and not too tart, just delicious and refreshing. The reason I only give them 3 stars is the food, I just wasn't blown away. They have these appetizer boards where you pick 4 options out of a list of 8 items, and each board is $5. Sounds good right? Well, the choices sound delicious, but the portion sizes are very, very small, these boards are not meant to be shared. I selected the potato skin for one of my options, and I was expecting a standard size skin that you normally get at a restaurant, but that is not what I got. My potato skin was maybe 1/2 inch wide and 2 inches long, it was the smallest potato skin I have ever seen! It is like they used a scrap peel from a potato to make it. While it was good, but potato + cheese + bacon isn't hard to mess up, I really feel I got a bit of the shaft. I also tried the meatloaf slider (decent, but needed a sauce) the grilled cheese bite (dry bread and nonexistent cheese) and the tomato soup shooter (really smoky, I didn't even finish it). While I think the concept is good, the appetizer boards are all looks and no substance. Some of the other people at the table ordered the Chicken Lollipops, the baked brie and the onion rings, which were also just $5 per plate and looked to be really good and better portioned. I would definitely give Frank & Albert's a try again, but I would steer clear of the appetizer boards.
2	If Architecture & Ambiance is your thing than this is the place for you!Frank Lloyd Wright, and his draftsman, Albert Chase Mcarthur, are honored by naming their Phoenix architectural masterpiece at the Biltmore Resort's main restaurant after them... The menu is good, the atmosphere a little dated, and there are a lot of blue hairs dining in this restaurant! It was not cheap & there was not much there on the plate to fill me up!Overpriced & stingy portions are my big pet peeve...Great if your on a date & want to order desert & coffee to hang out though!I like the old school ambiance of this place, what I didn't like was the waitress telling me the lunch salad was a good portion, I'm sitting here starving as I write this review! It was Tasty though, but unless you are a 5'7" 105 lbs super model this dish will not satisfy your hunger! The reason I give it 2 stars is because I liked the food, & the atmosphere!
4	Great happy hour deal- I got a martini for $5, and ordered from their savory bites appetizer menu (4 for $5) and got a whole bunch of food.  It's not a ton, but plenty to fill me up.  If you're starving, order a couple more regular sized appetizers for $5 each.  In any case, I was a happy camper when total bill came out to under $11.
5	My coolest gal pals and I celebrated my birthday at Frank & Albert's at the Arizona Biltmore Resort.  We went during happy hour to take advantage of their lower pricing.  Unbelievable time all of us had!!  There was enough of us in attendance that we were able to try everything on the HH menu.  The food, the drinks, the service was beyond belief.  It truly lives up to the name and reputation of The Arizona Biltmore.  Of course, we shall go again and again.
2	I had a superb meal during Arizona Restaurant Week. I started with a wonderful salad with an unusual form of green (it was stringy and fiberous, but it was good)-I will give them props for a unique and enjoyable twist on a salad. This was followed by a delicious filet mignon expertly prepared accompanied by french friends paoched in duck fat....just like they make in France!!!! this was topped off by a yummy banana and fruit parfait. The outdoor patio made for a really enjoyable atmosphere.So why two stars? The service was apathetic from the moment we sat at the bar to order drinks. The bartender and later our server never smiled and acted like they could have cared less about looking after us. They were not overtly rude, but they certainly did not go out of their way to be the least bit pleasant and this made the overall experience VERY disappointing. This is The Biltmore, and I would expect warmer service for the level of diner that would typically patronize this restuarant.  Perhaps because it is The Biltmore, the staff feel the need to do their job with their noses in the air. Or perhaps because we were there for Arizona Restaurant Week, the staff were expecting a lousy tip and wanted to get us in and out as quickly as possible. I have to added that I went with some friends in the service industry. Depsite the bad service, we left 20 percent anyway. If it had been left up to me, I probably would have left 10 percent. There was nothing wrong with my order or my meal, but the collective attitude at that place sucked.In any case, this experience left me with a very bad impression and I don't think I would go back. And this is unfortunate because the food is exceptional.
5	A delicious way to cap off a long day on the road to the Arizona Biltmore. We ordered the BR Cohn and the Kilt Lifter on the recommendation of our friendly server, Dannon. He did not steer us wrong all night...we had the "Desert Flat" for a starter which was simply amazing. It was a foccacia pizza with red onion marmalade, goat cheese, warm spinach, chicken (optional for veggies), and mandarin oranges. I might have to have it for lunch tomorrow! The entrees: grouper for him, Waldorf salad for me, were also excellent, but I can hardly get the butterscotch pudding we had for dessert out of my head. It was salted to perfection and well worth every last bite!
4	Located inside the Biltmore, this place is an awesome restaurant to meet clients or friends for lunch.  I ordered a Margherita Pizza and some Iced Tea.  The Margarita Pizza was superb!  Very good and just the right size too....not too large & not too small.  I left satisfied.  The Iced Tea was very good too....I think I drank 5 or 6 glasses!Of course, the service was outstanding as well.  It's no wonder why there were several tables and booths with people conducting business....it's a great place for that.Return Factor - 96%
4	Great looking restaurant located inside the Biltmore resort. It's their more casual restaurant compared to Wrights.  It's a great place to have a few apps or meal after sipping on too many Martinis at the Wright Bar.  The staff is pleasant and right on top of your next drink order.  The few times we've dined here we've had delicious food but their menu does change.  The have the coolest looking bread sticks that resemble wheat stalk and is always paired with lip smacking dips that are unique and robust in flavors.  We had the pork empanadas and risotto ravioli. All was super delicious.  A great place to sit back and unwind and enjoy who you're with.
5	so awesome great salmon/bagel breakfast dark coffee! and the chicken cashew salad is rockin!
5	It's not often that I would give a resort restaurant a good review.  Probably because we usually stray from them because they are often a billion dollars by the time you leave the place.We decided upon dinner here while staying at the Biltmore for the Hell City Convention.  Since we live in town, I know the area pretty well so our options were anything in the Biltmore area or Frank & Alberts.  I had passed by the menu earlier and figured we'd try it.We showed up about 6-7ish for dinner and there was no wait, but plenty of people inside.   We were nicely sat right next to the kitchen and almost instantly our drink orders were taken by the smiling Elizabeth. After our drinks we ordered our food and within 20min, our food was out.While waiting for our food they gave us some bread and a couple dips that were delicious.  One was a chipotle ketchup and the other was a green olive aole type drip.  Both great.  We ordered some onion rings that came stacked in a nice formation along with some buttermilk ranch.  We all ate a few of those, but had saved more for later.it was dinner time..  One of our friends had eaten so he grabbed a dessert that he said was one of the best he's ever eaten.  My girlfriend and I ordered the prime rib.  For $25, I thought this was a great price for such a fancy establishment.   I haven't had this tasty of a prime rib cut in a long time.  Every bite was better than the next.  Along with that was a huge piece of broccoli and a nicely cooked baked potato.  The meal was amazing.But the meal was just a part of it..  Our server Elizabeth would always drop by to make sure we had what we needed.  They were so on top of things, if they over heard us comment on something, they would rush over to make sure we had it.  The staff was ridiculously nice and even the chef came out to check on our food.  I don't think I've ever had a better experience at a restaurant like  I did here.   Frank & Alberts knows food and knows how to take care of their customers.  Well done.We loved this place so much that we werent here three times during our stay this past weekend.
3	I had dinner at Frank and Alberts when my family came to visit and stayed at the Biltmore. Great service and a nice atmosphere. The food received mixed reviews by our table. Three people in our party ordered the caesar salad after the waiter highlighted it. Their special twish was celery, which we all assumed was mixed in for extra crunch. It turns out the entire salad is shaved celery. The celery was just way too stringy and fibrous to really enjoy, plus it watered down the flavor of the caesar dressing. Nice attempt at a twist, but I would say leave that classic alone. On the positive side, I did really enjoy the burger - great flavor and the homemade chipotle ketchup was awesome (they also have homemade tarragon mustard). My cousin had the meatloaf which looked amazing. He's a 6'2' 16 year old athlete with a refined palate... I didn't even have a chance to ask for a bite before he devoured it, but he said it was awesome. My experience here was good (hence the A-OK rating), but didn't leave me wanting come back for more. What did, however, was their happy hour menu: lots of great looking deals for $5. I'll have to head over for hh and will update my review.
4	As the famous Biltmore brunch was not available (remodeling the dining room) this was our next runner up - at $20 the breakfast buffet was a steal for such high quality ingredients. The Bloody Mary was no slouch at $9 either.
2	I guess it's not really the most accessible place, but Frank & Albert's is located in the Arizona Biltmore Resort & Spa and serves as one of their restaurants to their guests.  Since the other breakfast place they had was only a cafe that served baked goods, I decided to come here to have a proper breakfast.When I asked what they recommended they immediately said "the Biltmore Benedict".  I was easily sold so I ordered one, and a coffee.Cool thing about the coffee is they just bring you a carafe to serve yourself coffee as you please.  Not sure if this was because the waitress was lazy, but I thought it was nice.The eggs benedict themselves were not the best.  On one hand the ham that they used was overcooked (ie. jerky).  On the other hand the english muffin was over toasted and too crispy, which kinda ruined the overall consistency.It is a nice patio that they have to sit on, so I will give them that.  They apparently have a bird problem where birds kinda come and scavenge for food.  I didn't really mind it.
4	Like the other reviews happy hour was amazing!  Great basil lemonade!  Started out with the smashed avocado (guac).  Excellent since it was table side so we could pick & choose (not too much onion).  Doug ordered the Flat iron steak.  This was much better than he was expecting!  I had the angel hair pasta with shrimp.  Too salty!  Yes, i understand olives & capers but way way too salty!  It would have been delish, but...Thank you for the gluten-free option with the steak!  Service was Excellent!  We would go again.
4	Creative, excellent food with good service, but you'll pay.  I had an amazing mascarpone (not MARscapone, dammit!) stuffed french toast.  Fascinating preparation, as it was served as a "brick" (imagine quartering a loaf of bread and then splitting it in half).  Had a honey drizzle, some luscious strawberries and real maple syrup.  Absolutely delicious.  My friend's omelet was equally as tasty.  Setting is gorgeous and service was good.  Only downside is resort pricing -- $11 for the (admittedly excellent) french toast and $4 for coffee (I passed).  Yum.
2	It's ironic that this restaurant is named after a great architectural team because Frank and Albert's suffers a fatal design flaw. The glass-enclosed dining room doesn't have any shades to block out the blinding Arizona sun. This has to be a problem that has been brought to management's attention before. I cannot believe they haven't installed anything to protect their customers' retinas.  We had a bridal shower in that room, and all the people who had the misfortune of facing the windows spent the afternoon with their hands shading their eyes and wearing sunglasses.  Very uncomfortable and unpleasant experience.As for the food, the bread and french fries are great. I'm a big fan of the chipotle ketchup that's on the table. However, I was really disappointed with the casear salad. The kitchen's interpretation of the classic is to add a shit-ton of celery. Yuck. My tofu entree was good. The green beans with it were really delicious and fresh. Dessert was a disaster. I got soy ice cream which I normally enjoy, but I'm pretty sure the abomination that was served to me had been sitting in the freezer for at least a year. Two of our servers, Sherri and John, were outstanding. They were so friendly and welcoming.
3	It's a very nice atmosphere. The food is good. The Service is very good. The Biltmore is an amazing place and I think was looking for amazing. I had the chicken and goat cheese flat bread which was great. The next day I had their version of a French dip also very good.
3	The food was okay - not great, but okay.  I guess if you are interested in Frank Lloyd Wright architecture and staying at the Biltmore, its worth a visit, but not necessarily worth a special trip.Fries poached in duck fat - very good, very well doneGrass fed sliders/hamburger - meat was good, bun was a little hardPizza - was actually quite tasty but not New Haven pizza - I think there is too much fat in the crust.  But even though it isn't authentic, it is nonetheless tasty.Broccoli rabe - tasty, but a tad over cooked, a bit mushyAngel hair pasta with olives - WAAAY too many olives. I love olives and this one was just overkill. Also, how is it that restaurants can make their pasta al dente?  pasta was overcooked.Chicken and goat cheese flat bread - very good the figs and argula made it a very tasty and relatively healthy option"famous" meatloaf - meh, but then again I have never been wowed by meatloaShort ribs - okay, not great.Salmon - It first came out too dry (overcooked) we had it returned and a new one came back cold. FAILPrime Rib - was very good, the potato was GINORMOUSThough the Yelp review says $$, it's probably closer to $$$ - since most of the main dishes were in the $20-$30 range.  So with appetizers and drinks, the per person price was closer to $45-$50 than under $30.
3	Stayed at the Biltmore and had breakfast here twice and drinks outside. I missed the breakfast menu but they were able to accomodate me both days. I ordered egg whites with cheese and they were good each time. The price was different each time for the same thing, but other than that the food was good.  The service was excellent for both food and cocktails.
2	The breakfast here was amazing - wonderful oatmeal with cherry brulee.  The breakfast buffet was also excellent.  However, I give this restaurant two stars because of the dinner we had the night prior to the great breakfast.  The signature lemon lavender martini was very disappointing, as they were fresh out of lavender so they brought me a basic lemon drop martini.  The waiter highly hyped the lemon chicken that came with the "best mashed potatoes he'd ever had", so I ordered that.  The chicken (which was claimed to have been marinated in lemon all night long) had zero lemon taste to it.  Zero.  It was simple rotisserie chicken - good flavor but not what it claimed to me.  The mashed potatoes - I took one bite and without saying anything about them I had my fiance taste them.  His reaction was, "they taste like instant potatoes", which was exactly my thought!!!!!!  I was stunned since they were so hyped.  If I stay at the Biltmore again I definitely would not eat dinner here - I would try the nicer restaurant on the property or go off property.
4	I don't usually go to a hotel restaurant with high expectations, so I was pleasantly surprised when my food arrived. I ordered the Organic Celery Ceaser, and was definitely impressed. A very unique salad of julienned celery, some romaine, garlic croutons, parmesan, and a flavourful dressing. Plus my server Brittany was great!  Big thumbs up.
5	What a great way to spend Easter morning!After taking part in the egg hunt on the main grounds (and BTW, they know how to do it here: Massive dumps of eggs full of goodies. More than the kids could carry. Plenty of photo ops. Parents who weren't acting out scenes from Soylent Green.) we made our way to this nicely upscale coffee shop/casual dining spot. We were seated 30 minutes ahead of our reservation, keeping my little guy from popping a gasket. I chose the $19 breakfast buffet, and considering it included a custom-made omelette with organic ingredients--as well as juice and coffee--it was a steal. Service was wonderful and the staff was sure to make us feel at home. Well, actually better than home because I don't have people looking after my every whim and need while at home.
5	We had great food and great drinks here twice.  The Biltmore Original is a good one.  We have visited for special occasions with a medium-sized group, and we had a great time.  The service was very good, also.
1	We ate at this restaurant with a group of 7 people. We were seated outside behind the fireplace at about 6 pm on a Sat night in early April. The service was absolutely deplorable.  The server was very slow and never asked us if we wanted refills on drinks, forgot an entire appetizer order and had to be found to pay the bill. The only really good thing on the menu was the onion rings. The Sea Bass was loaded with Salt, but otherwise dry. My daughters hamburger was not medium, but over done...hard as a rock. My wife's apple salad was mostly apples. We had to ask several times to get more bread and waited over an hour each time for our food. When we mentioned to the waiter that the appetizer order was completely forgotten, his response was " oh sorry," with no offer of anything complimentary to make up for the error.  The service was possibly the worst I've ever had and my family is in the restaurant business and I've eaten at a multitude of places
5	Excellent service, great food in a beautiful venue. Nothing not to like (well perhaps price, but you don't go to this restaurant for a cheap date!)
5	I have had a great experience every time I have been there.  The food is hard to beat and the service was pleasant.  Portions are reasonable, not huge (I'm a big feller), and I was satified every time I ate there.  Very pleasant environment, clean, spacious and calm.
5	Great Service....Great Food...that's all you need to know!
4	3.5 stars.  Located inside the Arizona Biltmore, this is the more casual of their two main restaurants.  My husband and I had dinner here, and were both pleased.  The green chili chicken empanadas were a bit dry, but tasty nonetheless.  The New York strip was perfectly cooked and topped with a mound of garlic butter and served with sea salt fries which were fantastic.Bumping to 4 stars for outstanding service.  Definitely worth a trip back in better weather to enjoy their patio!
2	I was a little underwhelmed by this place.  I will say that knowing the price of the food and this places location I was expecting an amazing restaurant.  When I walked in however I could tell that the place hasn't received a makeover in quite some time.  The fabric on the seats was all worn out and the interior didn't seem very fresh, seems like it could use a little TLC.That being said...the food was good.  Split a flat bread, fries, and a queso dip with my cousin.  All three items were tasty. The fries are the only thing that really stick out to me as they were fried in duck fat, which was truly amazing.  I also had a gin and tonic that was mixed very well.  The service was also very good. The only reason I am giving the place only two stars is really the price.  I dont feel like the food necessarily lived up to the price. Luckily I was there with someone who had a gift certificate.
5	Frank & Albert's is probobly one of my favorite restaurants in town. The menu is creative and the ingredients are very fresh - its just good, unpretentious comfort food made and served in the best way possible. The home-made ketchup and mustard are excellent additions to the delicious onion rings and duck fat fries. The drinks are also innovative.
5	Beautiful surroundings and professional service. Probably one of the best Bloody Mary's in the world. Excellent tacos, pizzas. I eat there every time I am in Phoenix. Very aggressive blackbirds threaten to eat your lunch if you are eating outdoors!
3	3.5 StarsFrank & Albert's is located inside the Arizona Biltmore.  As a result, the prices are sky high.  But it's one of the very few food options within walking distance of the hotel, so they can afford to charge a lot and still maintain their customer base.  My husband and I ate breakfast here because it was convenient (we were staying at the hotel) and we needed a quick bite to eat.  I had the breakfast wrap which unfortunately was a bit bland, and the fingerlling potatoes that were inside the wrap were a bit underdone (too firm).  It's hard to forgive screwing up such a simple thing.  However, the saving grace was my husband's french toast.  It looked very unassuming when it arrived at the table as a small-ish, rectangular loaf.  The serving size seemed a bit stingy for the price.  But my husband proclaimed it to be the best french toast he's ever had.  That's quite a compliment coming from a guy who is pretty critical of food and doesn't get especially excited about food in general.  But I had to agree that it was pretty damn good.  Even the fruit it came with was perfectly ripe and sweet.  If my wrap had been more flavorful and fully cooked, I wouldn't have minded so much that we paid $40 for breakfast for two people (and we didn't pig out).  But I think next time (if there is a next time) that I stay at the Biltmore, I'll plan to drive somewhere to get a more affordable breakfast.
3	Had a great prime rib dinner on friday night.  Ordered rare and it was perfect.  The service was a little slow.  We were seated quickly but it took a long time to have someone come by and get our drink order.  The table across from us came later and got drinks before we even ordered ours.
4	Seth and I stayed at The Biltmore this summer and had breakfast in Frank and ALberts every morning.  It was really good for breakfast but at the end of the day it's a safe resort menu.  Don't get me wrong because that's not a horrible thing...just predictable. The huge plus to F&A is they source local meats and produce.  Score big for them.  Think about it for a second.  That place can actually keep a farmer employed because of the volume they order.  Because of that (and one of the friendliest staffs known to man) I give them 5 stars.  Although predictable it's really tasty.   Order the mint and pineapple smoothie!
2	Just didn't do it for me. The food was bland and overpriced. I had a better meal at the Cheesecake Factory at the Biltmore Fashion Park.
4	Ate here twice while staying at the Biltmore.  Ordered the breakfast buffet and Bloody Mary the first day, which would warrant 3 stars.  Basic buffet with sausages, bacon, eggs, potatoes, french toast, omelet station, and desserts.  Omelet station was one of the better ones I've had, but everything else was average.  Bloody Mary had cheese, shrimp, and some other things on it and was quite tasty.On the second visit, we had the lunch special which was chicken salad served in a tomato bowl and a pizza.  The chicken salad sounds very simple, but was extremely delicious.  The pizza was one of the best I've had in a LONG time.  I'd definitely order the pizza again.
4	Good but can't wait to be excellent
3	I'd like to give 3.5 stars. It's not just "A-OK" but it's not exactly my first choice either.We were treated to dinner here last night by boyfriend's visiting aunt and her S.O.- The atmosphere was very nice; we sat in the room with the "Great Glass Fireplace" in the center and floor-to-ceiling windows all around, with a view of the fountain.- They offered local craft beer selections (including Nimbus, Oak Creek and Four Peaks - yay!) at a reasonable $6.- Extensive dessert menu; none of this 4 or 5 choices, this thing was a whole page by itself.- The dark chocolate brulee was (I should say is, I'm eating the leftovers right now) AMAZING. Sugar burnt perfectly, like when you toast the edge of a marshmallow, rich dark chocolate, raspberries. So good!Negatives:- Menu was pretty limited - fine dining restaurants are usually limited, but not with a bunch of relatively boring options; their limited offerings usually  have enough interesting twists that you can find SOMETHING that jumps out at you. Not here. Fried chicken and mac and cheese and meatloaf? Odd. - My entree (the trout) and boyfriend's (pasta with shrimp) were just OK. The trout and shrimp were cooked nicely but the flavors lacked something. Maybe more lemon on mine? It did refer to it as "braised lemon"...- Service was a little awkward - the waitress asked if she could start us off with some waters and we all said "Uh... sure?"  It wasn't the water offering, it was that it was like she was selling us on the waters instead of real drinks. She didn't seem to really know anything about the menu either - she went around the table and her description of each of our orders was that they were very good or really popular. I was amused that she was treating me as the "Alpha 'of the table - guess I was intimidating, heehee.- $6 for a domestic draft is pushing it, especially with craft beers being the same price.- Bathrooms are light years and eons away, OUTSIDE of the restaurant. Weird.
2	I'm sorry, but this place is a total ripoff for lunch.  If not for people using their corporate Amex cards while being stranded on the island, this place would have no chance.  This cheeseburger and fries combo is not worth $15.  It just isn't.  And the service doesn't warrant the markup, either.
3	Would love to see them offer healthy options.  Whole wheat pasta, salads with lite dressings and more vegetarian vegan options would be great!   The biscuits with sausage gravy, shake and bake pork, double stuffed potatoes and pizza are great, but will kill you eventually.
2	The food here is only slightly better than Denny's, but at resort prices.  My fried buffalo chicken sandwich was not fully cooked in the middle and the fried mac & cheese app was barley warm and a little soggy.  The kitchen staff seemed irritated that I sent the chicken back - they have an open kitchen so I could see the reaction of the chef when my waitress returned the chicken.The restaurant was not busy on the Saturday afternoon that I visited, but the hostess was MIA when my party arrived.  We waited for about five minutes before I asked a server in the dinning room to get the hostess to seat my party and the party that had arrived before us.  Really not acceptable.  Our waitress, however, was very friendly and attentive.I'm a local, so I won't be returning to Frank & Albert's; I think the only people that eat here are those staying at the resort, convenience is really the only reason to go here.
3	Stopped here for lunch while I was driving from Tucson to Sedona. Good food (including the tortilla soup) and service, and very pleasant atmosphere. Make sure to spend at least a few minutes before or after to wander around the hotel (the restaurant is located in the Arizona Biltmore) - it is an architectural gem.
1	Went to Frank & Albert's with my parents for a last-day-of-vacation breakfast and was literally shocked by how poor the experience was. We were seated quickly by the hostess who provided menus, and then waited at least 10 minutes to be acknowledged by anyone else ... no "I'll be right with you", no water, no coffee, no taking of our order. Once we finally did order, we waited another 10 minutes for our coffee which was delivered with cream but no sugar - after asking for it from the waitress, he was halfway through eating before she actually brought it.The food arrived relatively quickly, delivered without a word by a guy from the kitchen. It was extremely hot and delicious. I had ordered a side of bacon which was not delivered. When the waitress finally brought the sugar, I asked for my bacon which then took another 15 minutes to arrive, once we were all pretty much done eating - and it was disgusting. It was brittle, dry, and tasted of chemical, like sterno. My parents both tried it and agreed ... I would have sent it back (it was $5.65 for 4 pieces), but at that point we just wanted to finish and leave.The main issues I observed: The hostess seated folks as they came in and then did *nothing* else, just sat at her station in the middle of the room. There was one waitress serving all tables (5 total when we were there) - and was also the bartender. In order to access the bar, she had to walk around a hallway and in through a door behind the bar - an inefficient setup for someone needing to go back and forth. She was not well organized and could have used help - the hostess can't bring waters? Coffee? Also frustrating was the wait staff that came over from the other restaurant (they are connected) ... 2 additional waitresses that sauntered in and out, chatting and drinking water/coffee, while patrons waited without. Someone needs to seriously overhaul the game plan at Frank & Albert's.The single star is because the food (except bacon) was delicious - the orange-ricotta pancakes were especially memorable.
2	Ate here three times based on a Fodor's review of the tortilla soup, but found that the whole dining experience was below average at best.  3 things made it average to below average.  My order was mixed up 2 of the 3 times I dined there.  The quality of food (in particular the tortilla soup) was just okay-again only average.  Also, the service was slow, though they seemed to have ample staff.  Those are the cons that make me rate it as only 2 stars (and trust me, living in the Biltmore neighborhood the location was convenient where I wanted to love it).What is exceptional about the restaurant were the grounds surrounding it.  The architecture and design is what you would expect from Frank Lloyd Wright-excellent with sharp lines and open design :).  Check out Taliesen in Scottsdale if you want the Frank Lloyd Wright experience!
2	Slow service in the bar when there was no other patrons. I've been to Frank & Albert's many times, but what I've found is that unless your over the age of 55 and wearing designer clothing the staff would rather not serve you. The food was fairly good and the atmosphere nice. The prices are reasonable, however I probably won't return.
1	Was at the Biltmore Fashion Park and headed over to the restaurant based on local recommendations. It was not very good.  The food was bad and the service was worse. The self-proclaimed famous tortilla soup had little-to-no flavor and used canned vegetables.  I ordered a salad that was supposed to come with a vinaigrette but instead came with a thick creamy dressing that tasted like tangy ranch.  On to the service: after we were seated it took 10 minutes for an older blond waitress to even notice us and it wasn't even that busy! When she asked for our drink order, she seemed upset that I just ordered a lemonade, it was weird.  Then we asked for bread, which we never got. After she brought the check we reminded her and she was just like "whoops".  I imagine she is the sister of the owner or something.   She came back with bread that we were able to use to clear our palates of that awful meal.  Another negative is the price: soup and salad for two plus one lemonade cost us $60! For terrible tasting, poor quality food.One positive is that the kitchen is fast. They got the orders to us right away.  So, if you are in the mood to be treated poorly and eat bad, expensive food, then this place is for you.  Otherwise stay away.
1	Very bad experience.....had a reservation for a specific table outside for a month, called twice to confirm as it was a special birthday event. When we, a party of six arrived, our table was taken. The food was average at best.....very disappointed!
3	I really love this place, but today they did not bring their "A" game. I ordered my favorite for breakfast, the Biltmore Benedict, but instead I was served an impostor with overcooked poached eggs. Service was ehh, but overall everything was just okay, and that's where the disappointment lies.
2	Had the Buffalo BLT sandwich. The sandwich came without the blue cheese mentioned on the menu and I wasn't given any silverware before my sandwich came out. (I sat at the bar). For $17 per sandwich I expect ALOT more than what I was given. Save your money.
4	Stephanie was my server, she brought me the best french toast ever! Creme brulee french toast is amazing.  I came back for dinner and I had the salmon and it was also amazing.  Gabino was my server for dinner, he was ok. Check this place out!
1	for the area and the price of each item I expected a lot more. this was a second choice for me because the Wright Restaurant didn't open until after 5, i ordered the short rib mac and cheese and it was nothing less then short, there was no taste to it at all, i had to add hot sauce just to get flavor an di am not even a fan of hot sauce,i would say to avoid this joint, Denny's would be better
1	Horrible service and disappointment for Easter . No plates or food in buffe line! Over cooked everything.... Total chaos or what they charge! Never coming back!
2	If you're here for happy hour and are sitting at the bar, this place is awesome, and the prices are great.  Come here for breakfast and you will see both a menu and a breakfast buffet that manage to be overpriced and limited in variety at the same time.  I would've gone elsewhere, but I've no rental car and the other restaurants at the hotel are closed.
4	My mother in law hosted my baby shower at Frank & Alberts. The atmosphere was perfect. We were given the outside area where they had two long tables set up around the fire pit. It was January so we did have the fire pit on and it was a nice touch. There were roses on the tables along with a couple of flower arrangements. It looked beautiful!We had pre-selected a couple of menu items, but most people opted for the brunch. As far as brunches go, it was just average. There were several choices, but it was limited for the price. I did like the made to order omelet bar and fresh fruit.I give them 4 stars because they were friendly and did such a nice job with the set up for my shower. However, if I had only gone for brunch, it would likely be more of a 3 star experience.
2	This was not a pleasant experience. The hotel was over run with 900 hospitality event attendees filling every nook and cranny with loud conventioneers. The restaurant was noisy so we asked the hostess to seat us in a quieter spot. She took us to a table right in the middle....probably the loudest spot in there. We then asked our waitress to move us which she did.The food is expensive but that is to be expected for the Biltmore.  But it is over priced for the quality and the small portions. My crab cake BLT was $18 and was cold and greasy. The fries were the saving grace, being crisp and delicious.T. Cooks at Royal Palm or  Elements at The Sanctuary are far better hotel restaurant alternatives. I would not go back.
1	Staying at the Biltmore for a conference and hosted a business dinner at Frank & Alberts last night and am so disappointed!  The restaurant was about 1/2 full but the hostess was MIA.  Then our waiter would disappear for 20 minutes at a time - we ordered drinks when we sat down and it took 19 minutes to get them. The drinks were terrible - poorly mixed and not enough ice. One person kept it simple and  ordered a beer that took 25 minutes to arrive!  We had to flag the waiter down to get water glasses filled up or new drinks which took another 20 minutes to appear.  As for the food it was terrible.  We had appetizers and salads - all so bad we decided not to order entrees.  The Biltmore as a whole has gone down hill since my last event here in 2011.  Extremely disappointed in the staff around the resort - very detached, not service or customer-oriented and I'm very surprised by the 3 employees who simply ignored us.  The convention services staff is even worse - waitresses handing out appetizers standing in the corner talking to each other for 8 minutes during an event.  Food either cold and rubbery or over-cooked.  Convention services explaining that to get electricity we had to pay - filled out the form, turned it in and still don't get power? I'm hosting a large event in Phoenix next year and will not even consider this venue.  Was sadly disappointed that the Waldorf Astoria brand has decreased the value of this property rather than increased it.
2	On the website, they have a beautiful pic of Marilyn Monroe lounging in a chair at the lovely Biltmore way back when. I suspect if you dug Marilyn up today, her condition may resemble the current state of the Biltmore.We thought it might be fun to go have lunch at the hotel.  I wasn't starving which was great because the menu is seriously lackluster and resembles what you'd see at one of these local semi-chain casual dining beer restaurants.  We walked in and got a nice stare down from the bartender as we navigated our way through the bar to the hostess station.  Despite the fact there were hardly any customers, it took forever to seat us at a dirty table.  The hostess disappeared to find cleaning supplies so we had a chance to study our dirty menus.  After about ten minutes, she appeared with sour smelling rag in hand to wipe our table.  Now that what little appetite I had was gone, I tried the small Waldorf salad or should I say dressing with some wilted greens.  If the dressing had been spicy as promised, I may have eaten a little but it wasn't so I didn't.  My husband had the tortilla soup and it came out lukewarm - he tried a spoonful and walked to the front to get our check. I'm guessing the soup was lukewarm because it probably sat ready for service for the half an hour it took to deliver. Maybe I didn't read this place correctly and it's only meant to be a kind of 19th hole, beer drinking, nacho eating low end spot....
2	Over priced for the food that was provided and poor service at this type of resort restaurant. Lunch for 6 of us with one drink cost over $200. Our server had to keep asking what kind of drink we wanted numerous times!Our group started off with the cilantro hummus, which was extremely light and didn't taste like hummus. To be honest, it was more like baby food. To the main meal, I had ordered the special which was fry bread with cilantro chicken, beans, tomato, guacamole and sour cream - almost a taco (average). Everyone else had ordered a burger, which deemed the better option (better than average).Location of this place is pretty in the Arizona Biltmore but wish it made more of a food impact on me rather than architecturally. Love Frank Lloyd Wright!!
4	We had breakfast and dinner here while we were staying at the hotel and had very good meals. The Sea Bass and Salmon were very good and the service was attentive. Nice ambience if a bit loud at times. Seats near the fire were nice on a cold night.
4	Ate here tonight for the first time in ages. I really enjoyed this place. The service was great and the food was wonderful. We had a calamari appetizer, which was breaded with panko. Very good although the dipping sauce was a little ketchup-y. Probably wouldn't order it again. Had the tortilla soup-fabulous and one of the best I've ever had. We also had a duck and goat cheese pizza which was awesome and the crust was perfect. There's a lot of kvetching on here about the prices, but this is a high end resort so what do you expect?
1	Very disappointing Christmas dinner. Evening started poorly with restaurant not honoring what they advertise. Slow for server to acknowledge table. Ordered Shepard's Pie. Carrots and peas barely cooked, almost raw. Sent back. Daughter ordered a pizza. Crust so soggy could not be picked up. Surprising as I have eaten at Wright's and found it very good. Would never return.
3	Let's see ... The restaurant is great & the famous architecture is a nice touch for the scenery. The food is very average. Caesar salad was covered with too much dressing and the sea bass was too well done. Coconut custard pie for dessert wasn't bad. I would still suggest coming to check out the Biltmore where Frank and Alberts is located. It's worth the trip to see this famous property.
3	Very open and beautiful ambiance. I like patio dining and scenery while eating. The best thing I remember was the oil and bread. They offered like 3 different spice mixes. My favorite was the oil and pesto.
4	Delightful breakfast buffet in a beautiful setting. Tasty food. Pleasant staff. Beautiful patio.
3	The place was not busy when our party of six arrived.  The physical setting is clean and kind of high tech.  The waiter was better than okay but not great.  The food was disappointing for the price.   The hotel is excellent.  The food was less than average.  They use too much salt in their cooking for my taste.  The meatloaf reads interesting and was recommended by a bar tender - don't do that.  Three of the party had prime rib and said it was as good as the "Saturday night special" any place in the country except the potatoes were undercooked.   Overall, it was a okay meal at pretty upscale price.  I like the hotel but I will not eat that this restaurant again.
4	Dined here twice during my stay at the Biltmore - dinner and breakfast. Both were delicious. DinnerThey serve complimentary bread with dinner. Its an Italian style white bread with garlic in it, served with honey pecan goat cheese spread. Both are delicious on the their own but imo, sweet goat cheese doesn't really go with garlic bread. I ordered the Cesar salad with salmon (Not listed on the menu, they charge you $10 for the salmon which I thought was a bargain). The salmon was pan seared and cooked beautifully. They have a garlic-Cesar dressing and it is out of this world! My only  critiques are that the croutons are a little underwhelming. I'm not sure if they make them in house, but they seemed boxed. Also, there was too much cheese in the salad. BreakfastI order the ricotta flap jacks. They are served with (a huge scoop) of vanilla bean butter, blueberry compote and maple syrup. Very good! The flap jacks are light and fluffy and a nice change from regular old pancakes. They also happily swapped out the compote for fresh berries upon request. I tried some of their regular pancakes and these were really good too - a huge portion too. If you order coffee, they'll leave a huge pot at the table. I'm a little cautious of resort restaurants-sometimes they're overpriced and don't deliver but this place is awesome! The food is good and the menu is diverse. The prices are reasonable.I would definitely recommend this place.
5	We often stop in or bring friends to Frank and Alberts, specifically for their fabulous peach Bellini.  While we aren't typically keen on frozen drinks, we have celebrated many occasions sipping on the frozen, peachy deliciousness.  Today we stopped in with a friend after a long bike ride.  When we found out they were out of a key ingredient, we were crestfallen.  Our server, Lisa, went the extra mile to seek out the missing ingredient elsewhere in the resort so she could serve us our favorite Bellinis!  Thanks again, Lisa!
5	Went here for dinner on a Sunday evening, as the "fancier restaurant" at the resort was close. DId I mention I had 4 starving teenage boys with me? What a pleasant surprise this restaurant was, the food was great and our server, Lisa Tussing, who is studying to get her sommelier's designation was a big part of the reason the meal was so enjoyable. I had the surf and turf and one of my son's had the ribs with mac and cheese. Everyone enjoyed their meal, the presentation was great and the wine pairings that Lisa suggested were fabulous. We enjoyed this restaurant so much, we came back on Monday evening, even though the "fancier restaurant" was also open. I suggest the s'mores for dessert, although the creme brulee and the warm apple cobbler with ice cream was delicious too. Will definitely come back to this restaurant.
5	Enjoyed a working lunch. Devoured the crab cake BLT, tortilla soup and dessert caddy. Atmosphere and ambience were relaxed and calming. Love the open kitchen concept. Service by Lisa was top notch as well!
5	Excellent food and service!  Tortilla Soup is amazing!  Lisa was outstanding and ambiance is excellent for both a work luncheon and leisure.
4	I forgot how beautiful this hotel was (I haven't been here since a High School Prom in the early 80s) - I had the Best Ruben I've had in a long (Wow it was tasty!) it can with fries (Good) We also had the Queso Dip for the table (It was Good).
3	I was staying at this hotel for a conference, and the first day i ate both lunch and dinner here, and the last day I ate lunch.First up, lunch: quesadilla was full of BBQ sauce (like completely smothered). It was called a bbq chicken quesadilla, but i thought it just meant that the chicken was barbecued, and sauce would be on the side. Not so. It was okay, but not great. Iced tea was just so-so, and at $4.00, the drinks should be spectacular. There's no reason a fountain drink should cost that much, ever. Even if the tea was brewed, this is tea, after all. Not like it was brewed with water that someone had to trek and get from the melting ice caps.Sunday dinner: had the "famous" tortilla soup. Good, but nothing I would call famous. Last lunch/dinner: tried the buttermilk chicken bites, which were much smaller than I expected, but the breading was nice and crispy, and the sauce wasn't too much. I could have easily gotten something else to go along with it, but had to head to the airport. I liked this much more than the quesadilla.Prices were reasonable.
5	We were staying in the area so we thought it would be nice to try the restaurant and walk around the grounds. We sat in the enclosed patio. Service was very good. I had the SW chicken salad which was outstanding.y wife had the tortilla soup which was about the best she has had. She had a side salad and after trying my salad she asked for some of the pineapple dressing which she liked. Definitely try this place even if you aren't staying at the Biltmore
5	We stayed at the Waldorf for a conference and ended up eating at Frank and Alberts several times. First: if you have a Gluten Allergy, the place is AWESOME.  They have great gluten free bread and pizza crust.  The staff is wonderful and the food is very, very good.   You can eat inside or out which this time of the year is a nice bonus!   If you go, get Ines (pronounced E-nes) to make you a chocolate mocha!  They are as divine as her service!!!  Overall, A+!!!
2	I love the Biltmore; Frank & Albert's? No so much.  Dinner this past Saturday night was, in a word, disappointing.  I had previewed their menu on line and was looking forward to the pork belly entree.  Alas, when I arrived and looked at the menu, no pork belly.  The waiter was very apologetic and let me know that it had been removed - 2 months ago! Oh well, so it goes...I settled for the seafood risotto, which was pretty much a bowl of mush adorned with so so shellfish and a tough slab of whitefish.  The margaritas were the highlight of the visit.Sunday brunch held better possibilities- the BLT was advertised as featuring not only bacon, lettuce and tomato with a tasty sounding onion marmalade, but also slices of pork belly! The presentation, including a stainless steel basket of delicious French fries, was so appetizing that I did the food porn thing and snapped a pic to share with my foodie daughter.  The bun appeared to be a delight from the oven, but unfortunately turned out to be quite stale and inedible.  When asked "who was everything" by my very sweet waitress, I pointed out the rock hard puck on my plate and let her know that while the stuffing was great, the bun was not. I overheard her report to the kitchen, but that was the end of the discussion.  Oh well, once again.Because Wright's is not open for Sunday dinner, it was back to F&A's once again.  I enjoyed the spare ribs - obviously slowed cooked with intense and very enjoyable flavors.  One out of three ain't bad, I guess...Make that one out of four.  I went back for breakfast this morning (I, know, I must be a glutton for punishment or just a knucklehead!) with my sister.  You are not going to believe this, but they had porky belly and scrambled eggs on the menu - pig heaven for me, right? No so quick!  The waiter looked at me funny and told us he thought they were belly-less.  This absolutely cracked up my sister (who had been at the similarly belly-less dinner Saturday night). Sure enough, he checked with the kitchen and no bellies. Whatever...Next time I'm at the Biltmore, I'm getting off the property and finding my own bellies!
3	Nice ambiance.....walk through the bar area to the the dining room, open kitchen, fairly loud.....expediter had a booming voice.Started with a shared Waldorf Salad.....tangy dressing was like a vinaigrette mixed with yogurt.  Pretty good.  Crisped bits of bacon were tasty, but there were CHUNKS of bacon fat in the mix, which I used to gross out my wife.  That was not good.  Otherwise, just order the salad and ask them to keep out the bacon fat chunks.She had pan roasted salmon, not her favorite way to have it cooked, but she tried to keep an open mind.  At the end, she felt it was just "ok".I had the short rib.  It was overall the most disappointing short rib ever.  Beautiful and deliciously creamy polenta with corn salsa was amazingly tasty, but the rib was like a big piece of stew beef.  It broke apart in strings, like pre-pulled pork.  A great short rib should be tender, flavorful, juicy and supple....this was chewy-chewy.  Supposedly it was rubbed with mole, but I couldn't taste it.  Not bad enough to send back, but not good enough to order again.We shared the butterscotch pudding, and that was one of the best restaurant desserts we have had.  Try it!With drinks and tip, the bill was $129.11
3	Frank and Al's is a nice place, it really is.  It's probably too classy in fact.  In exchange for the right to stay in the bar, Frank and Al reciprocate with prices that are ten to twenty percent too high.  I left after an hour spending close to a hundred dollars.  For that I ate nachos with chicken, three beers and two shots of high end booze.  Was it worth it? Depends.   I'll probably never go back because I live far away.  If I lived here I wouldn't go back because I tend to drink too much.  Quick summary, drunks stay away.
