2	Standard Denny's food, which is fine, but the waiter intentionally kept our orders on one ticket.  STUPID!   We told him which people were together.  He kept them together claiming that people forget to pay their bills when they are broken up.  What?  STUPID!  We had to spend a few extra minutes at the counter breaking them up again, and since we didn't arrive together (a half hour apart) we weren't ready to leave together.  It was the end of a long day and I didn't need this one last irritation.  I'm surprised I tipped him.  :-|  Would be 3 stars cuz its what I expect from Denny's food.  Two stars cuz of the STUPID ticket thing.
1	This Christmas breakfast screams bah-humbug! The restaurant was busy Christmas morning. It appears I'm not the only one without things to do on the holiday. The menu highlighted three holiday items: a spiced ham, pumpkin pancakes, and bread pudding french toast. I ordered a chocolate milk, eggs, hash browns and chose the French toast and pancakes.... I do love pumpkin...This completed the Grand Slam, but this meal was more like a swing and a miss.The food arrived quickly and looked good. The hashbrown and eggs were average fare. The pancakes looked good - (as seen from the photo). But while the flavor was good, the pancakes were not hot. They arrived with a lump of butter and were so cold that never melted. It didn't attempt to melt. It just sat that like a big lump of butter that it was. I had to scrape it off to the side. That was disappointing but maybe the French toast will be better? Not so much. The slices were also cold, thick, dry, and a wee bit hard. Bleck!Looks like Denny's left me a lump of coal for Christmas.
5	We came here for the "build your own" pancake deal, after leaving another location that smelled funny & where we were stood without being seated or noticed for a few minutes. This location took care of us! The food was excellent & our server was great - even refilling drinks without asking. We will definitely go back.
1	The first time I ate here, I noticed the cookers and servers were dipping their fingers in people's foods before bringing them out to the floor. Not only did they do it to one customer's food, they did it to all their foods. So I rejected my food when it was served to my table. I asked if I can speak with a manager and they claimed that there is no working that shift. I told them that I would make a complaint and they didn't seem to hesitate to ask what was wrong. Couple weeks later, I came back to the same Denny's at a different time than last time. So this time, it was a whole different staff. I was seated and asked by the waitress what drink I want. I told her that I'd like to look over the menu and no drinks at this time. Little did she know, I was monitoring the staff. Not surprised at all, I noticed they were still touching people's food and dipping their fingers in people's coffee to check if it was still hot or not. Still disgusted, I got up and left. I put in a complaint and I hope that location gets shut down since they don't know how to keep their body parts to themselves. To think they go from wiping tables to putting their fingers in people's foods, that's just grouse.
2	I have eaten at this dennys several time and since i have had ok service and food in the past i give it 2 stars.  but had it been for this visit they would have got only 1 star.Service was prompt and the ice tea was cold  beyond that they missed the mark.   i order the prime rib salad, but was very disappointed  I was with a freind of mine who goes there often and he said it was good, But mine was far from any thing......    i asked for no avocado and they got that right but they sure didn't look at the picture on the menu.  because they forgot the cheese, tomatoes, and couple other items .    the prime rib in the picture was mildly red centered which is how i like my steak, however the meat was past well done, (microwaved burnt), the bacon disinigrated to nothing, and for the $10 they charge the amount of lettuce it came with was very disappointing. i left there hungry.   It is sure a shame that a simple salad could be made so poorly   let hope some one gets some additional training at this location.i guess i need to stick to the eggs and breakfast stuff when i go to Denny's.
5	Everyone at this location is extra friendly and makes you feel right at home...manager Tracy is beautiful and sweet and the servers like Lisa are fantastic!!!!!
2	What a disappointing dinner, waited all week to go out with the family and the kids wanted to come here. I ordered a burger with curly fries, came out with regular fries instead. My sons French toast came out without bananas. Other sons spaghetti came out without meatballs, wife's fries were severely undercooked. Asked for these things to be fixed and by the time they were our food was gone. I let our server Tyler know we were unhappy and the response was "sorry, here's your bill." Walked up to pay, told him I was unhappy again and offered a lame 15% off. Bad service, poor quality food and an unhappy ex-customer.
