5	Usually quick service even with a line of customers with odd requests.  Always seem to have at least two staff members on duty and willing to help.Staff answers questions well.Be aware that you'll pay much more for basic postage services than at the good ol' USPS.Also, several other UPS store locations in the Vegas area provided good service too.
3	After the leaving the UPS store in Pebble Marketplace, I drove to Von's for a money order. Coincidental there is a UPS store in the Von's  shopping center. I decided to see if all Henderson UPS stores are customer unfriendly. You know, telling you in a rushed way that they don't do money orders after 2 PM, when it is 2:15 PM, one person serving customers, etcetera (please read my review of the Pebble Marketplace UPS store).   Although this location does not sell money orders, they greeted me when I walked in. They directed me to the nearest place that sells money orders. There were three employees helping customers. And the store was organized and clean.   The fact that I gave the Pebble Marketplace UPS one star,and this location three stars shows that I take customer service seriously.
1	We went to this location while we were visiting family  to ship some one of kind Japanese China we had found at an estate sale.The china was beautiful, and we had received a decent deal at the estate sale on this china. We packaged the 12 place settings and a few other china pieces in several boxes with lots of tissue paper and bubble wrap.  We informed the clerk of what we were shipping, and how it was packaged, and they replied that it should be enough, but recommended we buy the $31 insurance just in case anything happened during shipping.  So unfortunately when we got back to Chicago, and the boxes arrived several days later; it looked like the boxes had been in a racquetball tournament with a concrete wall.  We feared the worse when we saw the boxes; and worse is what we got when we opened the boxes.  Only two place setting survived; everything had been shattered. So we contacted UPS to notify them of the damage immediately, and instructed us on how to make a claim with the insurance that we paid for at the time of shipment.  We filed the claim, they , Crawford insurance who UPS contracts to deal with claims, came out to the house,  took a couple of pictures and left.  Then we received this long detailed letter about how we did not package or boxes according to International Safe Transit Association 3A test procedures for small parcels, and the denial of the claim.  We are consumers #1, and #2 do not  have these ISTA guidelines.  Plus we spoke to the agent at the store about the shipments packaging.  In their response they detail all this extensive packaging material that we would not have access to; nor was it suggested at the time of shipment.  So this was an extreme loss, especially because  the china was not cheap and rare beautiful find at an estate sale.  I guess this is UPS excuse for not paying their claims.  I've never really an issue in Chicago with our UPS, but I will not ship anything through them again.  Also I would highly discourage anyone to ever buy their insurance; its just another way to collect additional money on top of their expensive shipping prices.  CONSUMER/SHIPPER BEWARE
5	I called numerous UPS stores to help me create a RS3 label. NO location knew what I was talking about and did not want to help. I called Earl at this Windmill and Pecos location and he was ready to have me come in to help me out with a RS3.  He was so helpful and quick to assist. I do a lot of shipping for my business and am so happy that I have found a UPS store that is here to help! The best UPS experience I have ever had !!!
1	The service at this location has gone downhill considerably over the past few months. I wanted to buy some large boxes from them and the young associate at that counter refused to sell boxes to me...it was only after my insistence that they sold me a cardboard box! Incredibly rude.In the future I will frequent other locations. Absolutely unprofessional.
1	Really? A free standing UPS store and you can't handle accounts nor carry shipping labels... This is not the only UPS store that doesn't do it either which is really frustrating... They refer me to go home and do it from my computer, it makes no sense why the store can't have the capabilities to do so.
5	Great store...Earl and Cameron know their stuff....very helpful! Earl is always eager to help and find the best solution for the consumer. Recommend this store and it usually smells like fresh baked cookies in there!!!!
