5	Our first meal from Second Helping exceeded our expectations. We tried the Carolina Shrimp & Grits and Central Ave. Fried Chicken.  Both were very tasty.  Each dinner plate comes with two sides and cornbread. My favorite side was the Fried Green Tomato Casserole - it was a new dish to me and when they said a fresh pan had just come out of the oven, I couldn't pass it by.  A few bites had a little spicy kick to them, but nothing too strong. Try it!Ginger Ale Glazed Carrots was a new dish to us as well, but one we will certainly order again. They were sweet and tender, with a bit of what I guessed was brown sugar, giving the dish an occasional crunchy bite. Very nice. Our meal was very tasty and the portions were generous. All that and our bill was only $15.05!Right now Second Helping only offers carry-out service, but they hope to expand soon into the adjoining space so patrons can dine in. Try them soon!
5	Delicious! We enjoyed meatloaf, fried chicken and mac & cheese. Each came with a huge piece of cornbread and two sides, I highly recommend the fried green tomato casserole. You could taste the love in the food. The customer service was awesome as well. These ladies rock! I will be back soon.
4	Ventured into this new business with my hubby. He wanted to support them because of their mission to employ female ex-offenders. Great mission!The owner served us and was extremely nice and engaging. Service was quick and the prices are more than fair. The food was tasty, it is safe to say that my hubby will return for more of this soul food.
5	Second Helping catered our holiday luncheon at work and it was a HIT!  Fried chicken was crispy and moist, meatloaf was flavorful, and the sides were delicious.  It might have been the best Mac and cheese I have ever eaten. All around, a great experience. We will definitely use them again!
5	So give this place a try . The service is spot on and the food is incredible. I agree with Carly these ladies deserve our support. And did I mention the food is great.
5	Second Helping has delicious soul food and a sweet tea chart to boost.  The best thing about this restaurant, it is good for the community and it employs women who have been incarcerated. Even if I didn't know that they were helping women, I would still love this place, black eye peas, sweet tea, homemade cakes and collards.  Count me in!!
4	I found out about this place when a neighbor posted it on FaceBook.  That very evening, I went there for takeout.  There was a nice selection of items on the menu, and I was extremely happy and impressed that all of their sides are vegetarian.  I ordered a three veggie plate, choosing fried green tomato casserole, collard greens, and mashed potatoes.  I liked all of the items,  but my favorite was the fried green tomato casserole.  What a unique way to present this popular Southern side dish!  I chose shrimp and grits, sweet potatoes and green beans for my husband.  His order was supposed to come with a piece of cornbread,  but did not.  Too bad,  because I bet that they make really good cornbread.I like that they are helping previously incarcerated women, and I like their food.  Glad to have Second Helping in our neighborhood!
5	The reviews are right on about this place. You cannot beat the price of the food and how delicious it all tastes! I also love how it supports women who have been incarcerated. I got the chicken breast dinner plate with cornbread, mac and cheese, and collard greens. The cornbread is so good that that I ate it all at once. The chicken is cooked perfectly with great seasoning and stays really crispy. I also got an order of the chocolate pie and it is so delicious! I am coming back next time to try the coconut pie. I highly recommend coming here! I will try the meatloaf next time.
5	Shame on me for never even heard of this place until Ms. Tonya said something 2 months ago (and I live in the neighborhood). And shame on me twice for not trying it until today. I took my coworker here to get lunch (carry-out only). I was playing up the purpose of this place, trying to compensate for food quality in case it is not up to par. I have no worries there. The food is solid. The price is right. And it's all for a good cause.We arrived shortly before noon. There were 2 ladies working (one cooking, the other one taking order and putting orders together). Their computer system was down, which made checking out and paying a little slow. No biggie. They take credie as well as cash. I had the 2 piece dark meat meal (with 2 sides - fried green tomato casserole and mac & cheese). My coworker had the meatloaf (red sauce) with green beans and sweet potato casserole. My chicken was surprisingly crispy AFTER we drove 15 minutes back to the office. I loved the fried green tomato casserole. Mac & cheese was good as well. All for $5.95 (before tax) is just an added bonus.I didn't get to taste my coworker's plate, since he destroyed it. He had been telling everyone at work about our lunch, so it must be good. He said the green beans was awesome!They also offer sweets (by Neet's Sweets), and I got a big slice of red velvet cake ($3). Unfortunately it got eaten before I could try a fork. I'm guessing that was good too.Definitely will be back, it's only opened during the week from 11-2 (lunch) and 4-7 (dinner).
5	I am so in love with this place. I've had about half of everything on the menu,  and it is amazingly delicious. I can't rave about them enough. You must give them a try, and then you will find that you will agree.
5	The food is amazing, the black eye pea cake, OMG, who would have thought that it would taste so good.  Can't wait to try more on the menu!!!
5	This is such a wonderful business! I fell in love with them last thanksgiving. Best collards I've had and they are not cooked like you think, with ham hock or bacon. I got to try Second Helping again at a Yelp event and remembered what I have been missing. Located in East Charlotte (seriously down the street from me) they have the best southern food and deserts in town. You can stop in and grab one dinner plate (recently had Ms. Peggies meatloaf yaaas!) Or you can cater a whole Thanksgiving. Best part about Second Helping is it is a good organization that gives women that have been incarcerated employment. I am all about that.
5	closed
2	The two star review is solely because the restaurant was closed at 6:25 PM when I went by to pick up dinner. Very disappointing when an establishment does not uphold their posted hours.
