5	Ask for James. Dude knows shoes. He knows their makes, models and makers. He knows the history of all Nike shoe product lines, ones that are just for fashion and ones that athletes can wear comfortably. He knows which Olympic athletes wear ASICS, which model they chose, and why. He goes to SHOE CONFERENCES.On your first visit, James examines your feet, watches you run, and analyzes the wear and tear on your old shoes. Then he'll hand over the shoe that's just right for your feet. Then you can say, "Wait, I can't afford that!" And he'll check in back to see if he has an older version for a cheaper price. James keeps you and your perfect shoe model in his database and the next time you need a pair,  call him up and he'll set that pair aside. I think every 5th(or 4th) pair you buy is free. You know who doesn't know shoes? James' teenage employees. That's why you call ahead and make sure that James will be there when you arrive.Best place for runners to buy shoes!
4	I went here after I got four recommendations from people at my gym.  I was in the market for new shoes, but didn't know where to go.  They all told me to ask for James.  I spent a bit of time driving around, since the sign is kinda small and I'm not too familiar with the W. Sahara/Decatur area.  Also, when I looked, I couldn't find the listing on the side of the road.  When I finally found the place, it was definitely worth the drive/wait/search.I'll admit, the guy definitely knows his shoes.  I recently got orthotics, so new shoes to accommodate this was a must for me.  So, I got an appointment to see him (30 minutes for just advice on what to get, but 1 hour if you want to talk about your feet and discussing more about the different types of shoes and their functions for what you need).  I opted for the hour appointment.  When I got there, I was asked questions regarding my condition, what led to the orthotics, and what I was doing to alleviate the injury that I had.  He suggested some therapists (chiropractors), using a foam roller, stretching, and making sure to check my stride and type of sock and shoe.  He took the time to explain the different foot types, where I fell within those types, and examined my foot strike.  After picking out numerous types of shoes (explaining each purpose and function) and having me try the different types by running out on the sidewalk to narrow down my choices, he showed me different videos that incorporated a different method of running that minimized the heel strike.He also told me about various running groups around the Valley, the Track Club, as well as the club at this particular store (meet weekly with tips on running, guest speakers, and a program to help train for the Las Vegas Marathon in December).  I'm definitely glad that I came by this store.  I ended up buying a pair of running shoes and a pair of cross-trainers.  Although they had more shoes, such as the Vibram  Five Fingers, they also had the Minimus line, in addition to other Lifestyle shoes.It was a great experience, and I definitely came to the right place to gain some knowledge and get a couple of pairs of shoes.  I'll be sad to see it close down, though.
5	We met James (owner of TAF) when we were helping at an event, he was a very upbeat and happy person from the get go. James kept insisting that we stop by and get a gait analysis and proper shoe fitment.Finally, we did yesterday. Being certified to properly fit people, the process was painless, relatively quick and informative. We learned exactly what type of shoe we need and WHY. Many options were brought out for test fit, questions were asked, a couple times, we would mention something about the shoe, and we would have it taken off immediately if there was any possibility of an issue with how it fit.After a couple hours full of feedback, test jogs, pressure pads, and explanations we ended up with new shoes and a wealth of knowledge about how to properly find new shoes.
3	I agree with Mamie.  Unless you are just shopping here for fashion, you need to talk to James.  The shoes are mislabeled and the other employees have no clue.  They are nice people, but reading the incorrect information written on the shoes out loud to me is not helpful.The problem is that James is in high demand and it sounds like you need to call to make sure he will be there and possibly make an appointment.  I don't think you need to pay.  That's B.S.  Because I didn't call and make an appointment, he was helping someone else and my interaction with him consisted of him yelling information at me across the room while he helped someone else.  You'd think someone else in the store would get trained up, but I guess not.  Oh well, got my shoes.  Assuming they don't discontinue the line, I can now just buy them online and avoid the whole hassle.
