1	The security guard at night called me a racist name. I was a long term guest at this place waiting for my house to finish and the management there seemed racist and judgmental towards young pretty single females. I would never recommend anyone to rent from here because of the current manager in charge and the racist security guard that totally disrespected me. I spent a lot of money to stay here and I was disgusted by the treatment I received in return.
3	Been staying here for a few months until I find a house. Cheapest rates in Phoenix. Rooms are clean. Beds are fairly comfortable. I have slept on worse at motel 6's. You do get what you pay for. Great staff. The morning staff is who I deal with the most and being someone who has relocated  to Arizona has noticed poor customer service through this entire city of Phoenix. But these two ladies are very friendly and helpful in my stay. The only thing is the first few days staying here had room service come by at 10am to ask if room service is needed when checkout is at 11am was not favorable. There is no "do not disturb" handle sign to place on your outside door. But after being here a while have not had that issue. The safety of this property is average. They do have night security patrol that is nice. But with cheap rooms you do expect the unsavory individuals to be attracted here. But for me I have always felt safe. But wouldn't exactly choose to go out after dark unless necessary. Basically a nice place to stay. Decent quality rooms. Cheap rates. And friendly staff. Pros:friendly staff. Decent rooms. Cheap. Convenient Restaurant right here. Vent slates above door good for smoking rooms. Pet friendly. Security. Decent pool and hot tub. Lots of soda can machines around stairs. Mostly quiet and low key during the week. Right next to freeway Cons :Pan handlers around freeway. Sometimes people just hanging out sitting on stairwell. Random knocks on door throughout the night from unknown individuals. Black cracked out lady always walking around asking for money. And cigarettes. But if you just mostly ignore her she leaves you alone.
3	Its not a 5 star place. But I give it 3 stars for what it is. Its simple to rent there. The staff are friendly & the prices are great. A double bed room for only $49 including tax is not bad at all. Conveniently off the freeway is another plus. Gotta love phoenix.
