5	Top notch, in every aspect.  I would highly recommend going here if you are looking for a honest & intelligent eye Dr.  We came here for my son, as a second opinion and they have much better facilities, staff and customer service than some of the other cheaper options (like Wal Mart or Target)  They talked us through what was going on and all options and made it as nice as possible for my little guy.
5	Friendly Staff, best customer service.  Eye doc. was great, personable and took time to explain exam and best options.
5	This office is not conveniently located to my work or home. The other office where Dr. Carpenter works does not accept our vision insurance. In spite of these challenges I will continue to take my family to see Dr. Carpenter. the office staff is friendly and helpful. The facility is very nice and always clean. Dr. Carpenter has a kind demeanor and is unfailingly patient. If quality of care is your top priority this is the doctor for you.
5	Had a wonderful experience! Friendly helpful staff, was in and out without any waiting around! And they have great prices for cash patients!
5	I've been going to this office since it opened. I've recently moved and would not even consider finding a closer place for my vision care. The front office staff is amazingly friendly and attentive. The techs and doctors are always cheerful, personable, and know their stuff. I've never felt like I'm just another face in the crowd. My insurance only covers contacts OR glasses, so they helped me select a great new pair of glasses for less than I'd pay at Costco or another "bargain" retailer.  I give them high marks all around ... Customer service, professionalism, quality and reasonable price.
5	Best. Experience. Ever. Everyone was friendly and helpful. Debbie, the tech I saw was just about the sweetest lady every and I loved chatting with her. I saw Dr. Williams and he explained everything and was personable. Sometimes, doctors can act like they are too busy to really connect, but not at Seville. I found great glasses and it was all within the parameters of my insurance. I would recommend this place to anyone who wants great service!
5	This office is quite a distance from my work and home but I am happy to make the drive. The office is always immaculate. The staff are very pleasant and helpful. Dr. Carpenter and Dr. Giles are very personable, polite, proffessional, and patient. I have not met Dr. Williams.
5	So happy we found this place! The doctors are amazing, so personable. And, I've never had to wait more than a minute, maybe two and have never been left waiting in the exam for the doctor (my biggest pet peeve). Dr. Williams took extra time with us, wanted to make sure my son's contacts were the absolute perfect fit and comfort. First time in 4 years of contacts that a Dr has gotten that has gotten that right! Would highly recommend.
2	I've never been seen at my appointment time, or anywhere close to it, usually an hour after. Large selection of frames, however they are considerably more expensive than other places I've been.  I usually take my RX elsewhere to purchase glasses.They never have my strength of contacts in stock, and the 3-5 business days that they quote for ordering them is usually more like 7-10 days.  Also, they say they'll contact you when they come in, and they don't.  They'll claim to send an email, but they don't.  I specifically asked for a phone call when they come in.  I waited for almost 2 weeks for an order of contacts, even calling a few times during the wait to check.  Told they weren't in.  Today I get a call that my contacts have been waiting for me for over a week, and that they were in fact there when I called to check.  They only thing going for this place is that they are close to my house.  The service is lacking big time.
5	Flawless service, conveniently located, courteous, fast, and informative.Thanks!
5	Excellent diagnosis and care. I am impressed by their knowledge and very courteous service.  Robert Giles is an accomplished optometrist.
5	Very good experience at Seville Eye Center! Can't believe such a good group is so close to home in Seville. I would highly recommend them to my friends, family and neighbors.
5	Nice and convenient location for my busy life. In the past I've waited for hours to see eye doctors with my kids. Dr. Carpenter and Dr. Giles are excellent at what they do and it was very easy to work with the staff on selecting glasses. Most recently my daughter had an eye infection and they were able to work her in on short notice and the followup care was outstanding. Highly recommended.
5	Seville Eye Center is great - always friendly and great follow up service.
5	Love this office and its friendly staff.  I don't have to wait and they take the time to answer my questions.  I highly recommend them!
4	Great staff & Dr. Giles is super friendly and extremely knowledgeable. They also do a great job getting you in and out of there while not making you feel rushed.
5	Dr Williams is awesome, he has been our family eye doctor for over 7 years.  Great experience, I recommend him and his practice to all of you.
