5	The ARUBA has some magic happenings as of late.  Not only does it house swing dance lessons every Friday.  And it's home of the historic Thunderbird lounge.  But it also has a great little performance space  in the back of it's house that is grabbing the attention of theater companies, bands, dj's, and other hipster events.Oozing with downtown charm.....however you might define that, the ARUBA is becoming a hub of late night culture.Last November they housed a sketch comedy show called Nothing Sacred that packed the house(www.myspace.com/bringingfunnyback)It was produced by Cockroach Theater/ Notice ME Productions.  Cockroach Theater (www.cockroachtheatre.com) also produced Tattoo Girl earlier that year with the same effect.Hopefully the ARUBA vibe will catch on.  Great bartenders, a cool retro/dive bar look, a spacious performance space.....are all reasons to catch this place before in becomes the next "E" ticket.So, keep an eye out.  There's even more happening there in next few months.  There's even a remount of Hedwig and The Angry Inch.
4	I've been to the Aruba for a few different events over the past couple of years, and I'm impressed by the sheer variety of events they host.  From a Doors tribute band (Ok, that was a complete accident), to Swing nights, to sketch comedy, this place doesn't discriminate.Sheltered downtown between Charleston and Oakey, the Aruba is the type of place you probably won't end up at unless you know it's there.  The parking lot drives me crazy, especially when it's busy.  Inside, the place is pretty darn big.  The decor leaves a little to be desired (boo, silk plants), but you have a couple different stage areas suitable for bands, theatre troupes, etc.  The bar is comfy and service quick with fair prices.  It's definitely a good place to see a band, have a twirl on their decent dance floor, or catch some theatre.
4	The Aruba Hotel gets four stars NOT for the rooms, I have never personally lay ed my head on any pillows there. However, that being said I have spent enough time here to give it a rating. Their bar is so fun and unpretentious. They have swing lessons on Fridays and they always have some great exhibition of local art hanging. With good drink prices and a seedy lowbrow location, this place is a great place to hang and relax.
4	Good times!!I have been to the Aruba for several different events. Now this location is damn near the butt-hole of Vegas but luckily I am always there for a event where i am with a bunch of friends and 3 sheets to the wind.This is obviously thee place to have some quirky, cool, hip,retro events.I been here for the Atomic Frolic they had in January ..actually had a room there WHICH rooms are blahhhhhhh. You could hear everyone's biz through the walls I mean if someone cracks ass 3 rooms down..you will hear it!! The floors have cheapy 5 cents a square fake tile flooring, beds are old, sinks runs, toilet flushes some of the time..I could go on but the rooms are just fine when it is 5am and your completely waisted and everyone else you know is all staying at the same hotel. The time I went in January it was a blast, plenty of room and seats, cool people, great friendly bartenders, nice staff it was a blast.Second time I went was the following month for a Scooter (vespa) Rally and their night event was held at the Aruba. It was fun once again HOWEVER, The security guards did not let anyone smoke inside..which for Vegas is strange and me being a smoker (and from CA) was a little disappointing.Anyway I am going back again at the end of the month for a HUGE 60's Soul and Garage weekender for Labor day weekend. Not looking forward to the seedy room but looking for Lots of fun and great cheap drinks and lots of memories!!Four stars simply just for being so accomodating to all those fun retro quirky events that I like to go too and just for that ol Vegas feel.Oh and SPA...never seen it...be cool to find it and try it.Oh and if in Vegas dont expect a cabby to know where this place is...seriously most of them have no clue unless it's downtown or the strip.
4	I like the bar in this Hotel mostly because it can often be REALLY empty in there and is a great central (between Downtown and the main part of the strip) location to go with friends and be able to TALK!  It has always allowed smoking when I was in there, but with the exception of event nights, the place is usually so empty that your clothes won't stink of smoke after spending time there. I have never stayed in the Hotel itself.
5	Have you ever been hesitant to review a place, outta fear that the "word will get out" and that place will lose it's charm? Well for me, the Aruba is that place. It is AWESOME!! I've stayed there 3 times now and the value per $1 spent is unreal. The rooms are HUGE and super clean. The location is debatable since it's diagonal from the Strat and not in walking distance to any store or anything. However, we were in a rental car, so driving to the Sahara, parking and walking from there was no problem. Our room featured a microwave, fridge, huge TV, etc for about $50 a night. Plus the Thunderbird lounge was really jumpin' on Fri night. Cabs don't know where it is, and it's THE place to stay if you're looking to do Vegas on a budget. I highly recommend it.
1	Maybe the bar is nice but the hotel is horrible. The room they gave us originally was not even made up. After we complained they gave us the one next door. Both rooms had a strange smell to them. To make things worse I got next to no sleep as there was a ton of noise in the parking lot all night long. Someone I was with finally ended up calling the cops because the fights outside got so bad were were afraid it would devolve into a gun fight. STAY AWAY!
4	I have not stayed or would not recommend anyone to stay at the hotel. However, Aruba Hotel is definitely a hidden joint where you can just hang out with friends and meet unique people at their lounge areas. I have been to their drum circle events at the Club Aruba. There are a lot of "spiritual" and sometimes off the wall hippies that roams around and dance to their inner spirits. Entertaining but sometimes a little too much, but appreciatively fun!My favorite which this review only applies to is....swing dancing! Yes!!  Before, I never experienced swing dancing until one night after getting tired of seeing all of the drum circle chanting and everyone just being so freely spiritual....so we went to the next lounge called the Thunderbird Lounge in the Aruba and there we found awesome 50's music and people swing dancing to the tunes.  I love to dance but I don't like dancing with others because I don't like to be touched. Watching the swing dancers looked so amazing and fun.  After smiling and watching to a few songs, I noticed an overweight older man in his 60's get up from his table where he sat by himself and walked towards my way.  I was a little petrified, but he respectfully came up to me and was such a gentleman and said, "Lady, may I have this dance?" I felt like I was in the 50's and very timid! I told him that I do not know how to swing dance at all. He assured me that it was okay and he will teach me. So, I trusted his sense of kindness, respect and danced with the fellow.WOW!!! I had one of the best times of my life dancing. He taught me and I just went with it. I messed up a little but it was so fun and although there was physical contact; I did not feel uncomfortable or groped at all which was great! It was pure dancing in a non sexual way and all in fun! Then, people would switch partners in the midst of the song which was really interesting! Again, none of the gentlemen that I danced with that night made me feel uncomfortable at all.The best thing which I have to try is that on Fridays and Sundays at 6pm, they have FREE swing dancing lessons for 2 hours and the rest of the evening is just PURE and FUN swing dancing! I am going to try the lessons and swing dance the night away so I don't step on anyone's feet next time!
2	As a bar / music venue I highly recommend it. It's fun, the drinks are reasonable and generally the patrons are cool and there to have a good time. As a hotel I wouldn't recommend it to my worst enemy. The rooms are filthy; seriously the tile hadn't been cleaned in months. I dropped a wet towel on the bathroom floor after taking a shower and when I picked it up it was covered in a heavy coat of dirt. We stayed for two nights and our room was never serviced, not once. When I called to complain they sent up a dirty bartender to drop off towels and toilet paper with no apology. The elevator was last serviced in 2001 and expired in 2006. The place is a cheap-ass motel at best; I' mean everything is dirty, the rooms, the stairways, the elevator; ugh!!! There is no lobby, hospitality manger or anything of the sort; all hotel affairs are handled by the bartender. And, they never answer their phone, ever. Don't believe me, try it for yourself.The only plus side is the music scene, shows they book, and the swing dancing; oh and free WI fi. Although the password was difficult to acquire, the first two people asked had no idea what it was. Go there to see a show but for the same rates or less stay at the Stratosphere or the Sahara (right up the street) where you don't have to sleep in misery
3	I went to Club Aruba, which is a very small venue inside the hotel, for the Halloween Town show last September. They were the opening act for The Killers and I heard that after the concert at Mandalay, they would be relocating to Aruba. Let me start off by mentioning how sketchy the area is. I had a hard time finding parking because all the spots were occupied by those who were hitting the Thunderbird Lounge. I had to resort to paid parking across the street. If you're a lady, I don't recommend you being alone in this area, especially late at night. As one of the reviewers mentioned, you will literally run into men who look like pimps in waiting. You will also get hassled. To say it's pretty scary would be an understatement.Besides the sketchy area, the venue inside is pretty intimate. There isn't a formal, elevated stage for bands but it's nice because you can get as close as you would like, without the restraints of a typical stage. That's what I really enjoyed about my experience at Aruba. You definitely get that underground vibe.Overall, the venue inside is pretty cool but you just have to be careful when making your way into the hotel.
1	I was in Vegas on 7/17/10.  I reserved a night through Expedia (Expedia was great), but the hotel was horrible!When we received the room, it was EXTEMELY hot inside, the air had not been on and it was about 110 degrees outside.  I had to use my sholder to open the door, the air was not working properly; I called for a different room and they said to wait while it cools.  Believe me, it was not cooling.  Then decided to take a cold shower to keep cool... now the toilet wasn't working!  I went to the front desk (still HOT) to at least ask for a part of my money back (had only been there about an hour.  The lady said, they had no more rooms and she couldn't do anything about it.  I would have to wait for maintenance. Expedia gave me a coupon to partially compensate.  The hotel finally found another room, which was ALOT better, in comparison to what we hadI'm not one to complain, but after this experience I have more than reason to.  WILL NEVER GO BACK! please feel free to e-mail me if you have any questions.
1	I am a local swing dancer and visit The Aruba once a week for the weekly swing event in the bar.Last night was the first occasion I had to stay there.  I drank too much at a swing dance party and wanted to crash in a room.  At 2AM they had one room left, a room above the pool.  It was $112.  Way to spendy for the area or the hotel, in my opinion, but I really needed the room so I got it.The room was small.  It obviously had a makeover sometime in the past few years, but there were dead roaches everywhere.  Fairly large ones.  It wasn't the most comfortable place, and I stayed for a total of 3 hours, long enough to get my act together and go home.I wouldn't recommend the hotel room to anyone.  The dancing on Friday nights, however, is pretty cool, and Spooky, the bartender, is amazing.  Just don't stay the night afterwards.
1	When you are looking for a $30 room in Vegas I doubt you will find any better, which is why I will offer you this advice.  Don't look for a $30 room in Vegas. Upon arrival at the Aruba the first words I uttered to my bargain shopping father were "have you paid yet?"  Due to sleep deprivation and a nasty cold I was not in the position to take us to a different hotel.  I decided so long as the bed didn't smell, it was nap time and I'd drive us back to San Diego once I felt better.  12 hours later I awoke from a nyquil induced coma, I look around to figure out what the hell is going on. Although I'll admit I didn't notice this until I had stopped sleeping, the box spring was broken in the middle so I was laying there in a V shaped bed staring at walls with exposed wires... shouldn't a fire alarm go there... in case of fire, hold these two wires together??? Its now 4AM and I've got a few hours to kill.  I walked out of lovely room 1205 to see the creepiest statue of an elderly couple on a bench staring at me.  I have no idea why this was here on the second floor landing but at that hour in the wrong part of Vegas, even an elderly couple on a bench is sketchy.After shaking off the statue encounter I walk down the stairs to my car.  I noticed another good indicator of the solid decision my Dad made with this place.  They offer such great amenities as parking for cars and shopping carts.  Overall, it made for a great story and the room seemed clean.  Maybe it was the Nyquil but I felt like I was part of some drugged out 70's Vegas movie the whole time I was staying here. What a trip....
3	Their main bar is currently undergoing renovations. The walls have been repainted and the barstools upgraded. More to come as renovation progresses.
1	One star is being kind. This place came straight out of a horror movie. My boyfriend and I had been staying with some friends while in Vegas and decided for our last night there to get away and grab a little privacy. Neither one of us had a lot of money to spend and based on other yelp reviews we thought this would be a nice cheap getaway. We booked a room and invited our other friends to join us for a little afternoon pool time. We got to the room and opened a bottle of rum we had brought from Jamaica. I was the first to use the restroom where there were two bloody hand prints on the wall next to the toilet, classy. The room itself looked like the decor came out of a bohemian shag den (the bad kind). We were exploring this 'paradise' and low and behold hanging on the art piece (for lack of better words) was a little leftover party favor. I was terrified, my boyfriends' brave friend grabbed the little party favor, all of us sat in suspense thinking the little vessel was a hidden drug stash. Upon opening it, we were shocked to find batteries until we put two together. IT WAS A USED VIBRATOR. So gross. I was gagging and unsure what to do. As we debated the next move another friend found a broken crack pipe that had been swept into the corner with a few dead roaches and cigarette butts (awesome cleaning job). Our friends went down to the pool as I ventured to the front desk to see if I could switch to a room that had maybe been cleaned.The next room was just as dirty. Dark. Hooror-den status. I had enough. I went over to the pool to gather my friends after I demanded a refund (I actually felt really bad for the woman at the front desk who was a total sweetheart. She explained we were the fourth group that day to want their money back. She also said the management wouldn't listen to her and complained she was responsible for guests leaving, yeah right!). My friends sat at the corner of the pool court-yard, a pool that was so murky you couldn't actually see people who were in it. I don't want to know what I would've caught had I stayed in the room or swam in the pool.Not worth the cheap room. Don't go there unless you plan on having a date with a whore from across the street. YUCK!
3	Review for showroom only:I have been to the Aruba's showroom 3 or 4 times. It's a small venue but the right size for a small production.  Last night when I went to see Strip the Play, the rooms was set up with approximately 40 chairs.  In addition, there were 5 or 6 round tables with two chairs in the front row and some booth seating on the sides. The place needs a little renovating.
1	Notice to all people! This hotel have a 4 Wow (Worst Of all Worst) factor!1st wow - Very Dirty and Very dark rooms ( like a haunted house)2nd wow - aircon temp 27degrees celcius ( Full blast) same almost all the rooms).3rd wow - no internet, no soap, towel and remote control for the tv.4th wow - Reception name, Mr Roberto are totally useless. Dont know what the hotel policy, No name badge, dont know how to check in, to make the story short. This Hotel Totally Disaster!!!From guest: IRELAND
1	RUN AWAY FROM THIS PLACE AS FAR AS YOU CAN!!!The worst hotel I have stayed at in my entire life!  Was in Las Vegas a few days ago with relatives who were vacationing from overseas.  This "hotel", if you can call it that, was a last minute choice.When we arrived at the place, I noticed that it was in a part of Las Vegas blvd where strip bars were located, as well as quickie wedding chapels.  The rooms fit the surrounding neighborhood: old, trashy, dirty, with a weird smell.  My wife's cousins room was on the third floor and there was an elevator that looked like it was about to fall apart.  It was a 4x4 metal death trap that was 10 degrees hotter than the outside temperature.  The room smelled like it hadn't been aired out for months.  The AC was set at its coldest temperature, but the room felt like a sauna.  The TV had no remote and the on/off button was broken.  There were 2 lights near the 2 queen beds, but one of the lights knob was broken with a metal wire sticking out of it.  There were only 2 small towelettes in the bathroom and the curtain rod was rusty and not even aligned.  We kept calling the front desk every 15 minutes because we found things to complain about constantly.   I was worried for my relatives because they had two kids with them and I did not feel comfortable leaving them there.Eventually we had enough and wanted to go to another room, but that was just as worse as the first room.  We then decided to leave instead of staying in this hell hole, but Roberto Gonzales (the front desk clerk) was very disrespectful and was actually making up excuses for the conditions of the room.  We asked why the front lobby had working AC while the rooms were barely live-able.  His answer was that the lobby was open 24 hours and needed the AC.  I was about to yell at this guy after that remark.  There was no manager/owner on the premises and was told that we had to wait until the next day to talk to manager.Again, heed my warning as stay away from The Aruba Hotel or you will definitely regret it.
4	Renovations are still underway, but outdoor drapes and curtains give the place a tropical, calssy, Jamiaca-meets-South Beach feel. The inside of the lounge now features a wooden dance floor, which helps the growing swing scene on Fridays.
3	Stayed here for EDC Weekend, I was solely looking for a place to stay the night and rest my head, this surely did the job.I was here for 3 nights and 4 days, the staff was very nice as well as understanding. The room was decent, nothing too great, I'm just glad the A/C worked, it was about 110degrees that weekend during the day.The room was pretty clean in my opinion until the last day... I spotted a dead roach... That was not cool.
1	1 star is generous for the hotel. No comment about the missing spa or the lounge.  I think that most of the reviews that are 3star or higher have never slept in one of these rooms.Was in town for Las Vegas Pride Parade on Friday night. Used Priceline to find and book a room near the start of the parade so that we didn't need to find parking along the parade route. $47/night for 2 nights. We overpaid.Room 1217: door was either painted shut or something as it took two people to get it open. No trashcan in the room at all. And the last time I had a room with linoleum peel-n-stick tiles, I was in a college dorm. Walls were a lovely shade of bloodclot red. One of the light sconces (the one between the sad beds) was non-op.I saw the statue of the old couple on a bench that another reviewer mentioned...it was in the hotel lobby which wants to be 40s art deco, but done in an 80s translation and then ran over with the Ugly Bus.So the only thing going for it was price and parking that was 'off street'.  I'll never stay there again.
1	There is no standards at this location. It seems as if it could be in need of some financial relief. But who knows what is going on in the back office. Because it doesn't seem to be lacking business. It's what kind of business it's bringing it  that is probably going to ruin the reputation of the Aruba. This room was booked thru hotel.com but it doesn't anything worth visiting. If you're trying to get a clean room; go somewhere else. There was a cigarette burn on the bed covers. If you're ok with ruffing it, then come save some money. But if you want something fancy, head south on the strip.
3	Aruba ... all I have to day is Reggae !!! I love dancing to this music and  there is no other place that plays it all night long... It's a little bit ghetto but I love it !!!
5	My friend told me about this hole in the wall place in Vegas n said she had the best time ever...my friends and I went here on a Saturday for reggae night n it was AMAZINGGGGG felt like I was back home I NY listening to my favorites DJ play! Drinks were cheap n it was too shelf...I will definitely come back here on my next trip to Vegas!
4	I am reviewing an event: Reggae Saturdays. I had a blast. I am new to Vegas and one of the first things I looked for was a reggae or Caribbean spot to hang. This is the place to be to hear dancehall and lovers rock music all night long. It was $5 entry and drinks are cheap. This place is not for the bougie, but if you come to have a good time, you will.
