4	Spring is in the air and there is no better time to get your herbs and veggies planted for the summer harvest. So after last years heirloom tomato disaster we decided to do something with a yield, so Harper's it is. Close to the house, locally own, well priced, friendly and great selection. While they do not stock heirloom varieties, we did find some nice beefsteaks that so far have about a dozen fruits growing on them. Can not wait to see how many we get!! Yummy pico de gallo, BLT, caprese, salted, chopped and loved!
5	Maybe its because I spent several summers of adolescent life landscaping around southeastern Wisconsin, or maybe its because I spent just as much time in trees growing up as I did on the ground, but for whatever reason, some of the first establishments I tend to explore when visiting or moving to a new place are the local nurseries.  From the very first day I arrived in Arizona, meandering down Hayden Road with nothing but a street number to a place of residence in my hand, Harper's Nursery caught my eye, however it would be several weeks until I would poke my head inside.  When I did, though, was I ever surprised - and impressed.One thing I've learned about xeriscape (the term for landscaping and gardening in ways that reduce or eliminate the need for supplemental irrigation) is that it isn't easy - but it isn't impossible, either - and Harper's is the place to go to learn how.  Not only have they been around longer than any other nursery in the valley, they grow their own trees and plants right here in the valley which, for anyone that knows anything about planting, makes all the difference in the world for the survival of a desert shrub or tree.  Their stock is acclimated to the desert climate, which you won't find at your Home Depots or Lowes, which allows for a much better survival rate once you put your acquisitions in the ground.Their associates are absolute experts, there's a coffee shop on site, they sell the New York Times, and the nursery itself is part educational display, part botanical garden, part English Breakfast nook, and part inspirational oasis.  Their landscape stock is some of the most beautiful I've ever seen in a nursery, and I guarantee you'll spend at least an hour, if not longer, learning about how far you can stretch a few $100 bills during your first visit.  They frequently have unadvertised sales, and they're always willing to work out a deal.  They do offer reasonably priced delivery services as well as installation services for those who don't want to get their hands dirty, too.Just a note: if you do buy something, make sure to buy a soil test kit and some soil preparation/fertilizer.  Ask a few questions, too.  They make things easy to understand, and you'll find yourself empowered to keep your purchases alive and well for many years - if not decades - to come.
5	home depot has been my stop not only for construction but for landscaping as well. and i always wondered how hard it could be to do landscaping myself, and why the hell everything i bought there seemed to die. enter harpers nursery. the reason my plants always die is because you have to plant at certain times, water a certain amount, fertilize properly, etc. i should have known better when purchasing plants at home depot, where you can buy tomatoe plants 365 days a year (unnatural), and the salesperson always responds "sure it will grow! dig a hole and water it". it's really not that simple. we had justin, the landscape consultant, come out and do a free evaluation of our yard to xeriscape the thing and just make it more pleasant. since we had a blank slate to work with, it was quite easy. since we just bought the house, our budget was VERY limited so justin worked with us to cut back here and there, add here and there, until we all agreed upon a plan that would benefit us aesthetically and financially. they put in new sprinkler and drip lines, concrete borders, lots of nice fruit trees and palms and even used some of our existing potted cacti. spread out tons of gravel and wham! instant beauty! after the job was done, justin came out and explained EVERYTHING about each and every plant...how much to water, when to water, when to protect from frost, when and how much to fertilize, how to add drip lines if we planted more, etc. he even gave us some tips on how to revitalize our indoor plants. next year, they're coming back to do the front yard. one thing, because they are good and have good customer service, they are expensive. but if you have a problem, they'll take care of it. harpers did offer to build a pergola costing 1500-2000, but i built it myself for less than 300, so yes, they will cost you for their work, but it's very, very, very good work. so spring time next year? kill the grass in front, add a saguaro and a mesquite tree, rock it all over and we don't have to do a single thing! plus they're local and it makes you feel good to support local business when you can afford it!
3	so this is a follow up to a review first posted when Harpers came out to landscape our lawn. i had to take a few days before writing anything because i didn't want to be mean.as before, they did a great job initially on our back yard. several months have passed and we are still 'pleased' but just some fyi. harpers let us know throughout the process that if any plants die or need replacing, within the first 90 days, they would replace them, labor as well. after that, you replace them yourself (harpers still will trade out, for free, said dead plant, but you have to dig the hole, plant it, etc). maybe it's because it's two smaller plants, but it takes them quite a while to follow up on the replanting dead plants thing. not that we're in a hurry, but it's been about 3-4 weeks since we called to have 2 plants replaced (poor suckers died over a month ago). same thing happened when one of the bigger palms bit the dust....took more than a few phone calls to have them fix that one. lesson? like with many businesses, if you want it done, you have to make several phone calls and finally have a bit of irritation in your voice to have them take care of it.
5	We are somewhat new to the valley and bought a home here last summer.  In the fall we took pictures of all of the vegetation in our yard.  We took our camera to Harper's and they were extremely helpful in telling us the name of each plant and how to care for it.  The help was EXTREMELY knowledgable and gave us their undivided attention even though they were nearing closing.  This Christmas we bought a live tree from Harper's and it is the best tree we have ever owned.  It was beautiful and held on to its needles much longer than we expected.  Again we had great service.  Thanks Harper's.
5	I am a plant killer. Or should I say I was. I looked at all my house plants this morning and saw that they were all at various stages of decay. But today was different. I was ready to change. Ready to learn something new. Ready to let someone help me. I gathered up all my poor plants and took them down to the local nursery. I was nearly in tears as I admitted to the plant guy (Mark) that I couldn't sit back and let another plant die under my watch. I needed to learn how to care for them. So he carefully took out each plant one by one and told me their names and described them each to me. He then told me what they needed to be saved and how to make them flourish. He wrote the name and instructions on each plant pot and showed me which one needed to be repotted. For no extra cost he watered, fertilized and repotted my mini rose bush. He showed me how to water each one and how often. He showed me how to fertilize them too (something I've never done for any of my past plants - rip). This guy totally made my day! Did I mention that I had not purchased any of these plants from this particular nursery. He was just helping me because he was a good person and he wanted to save the plants too. I left feeling confident and happy. I took my plants home and followed all his instructions and by the afternoon all of them looked like new. The little yellow flowers on my mini rose are lifted and looking so bright and beautiful. Feels good, especially knowing that I don't have to be a plant killer anymore.
5	yes, i was a bit frustrated during our landscaping project (see other reviews), but as far as the nursery itself, none better!every time i stop by (once or twice a month) they know everything about plants. where to plant, sun/shade, fertilizer, what type of plants. i've often just stopped in to get pruning tips or insect control tips and they always have a productive answer. they point me to products that work, but never try to sell me anything. this is, as usual, a great nursery. much, much, much more knowledgable than the box stores.
5	Top notch service, great prices, and right near my house in Old Town Scottsdale. Highly recommend this place.
5	Been here quite a few times when I lived near Old town. Shame we moved to south Gilbert but I still call Harpers if I have problems with my plants. Mark has helped me numerous time over the phone with lots of patience and knowledge. I would probably drive 45 mins to come here next time I need my nursery fix instead of my local nursery.
5	they had a showcase event last night with their new design center. it's still on Hayden road just south of Thomas, but they've added a new landscape design element besides just selling plants. they do really good work and we can attest to that personally. cont's to be a great local nursery. and....just like the big box stores, Harpers also will exchange your plants if they die, however....unlike the box stores, you have a staff full of experts to help you out the minute you walk in.
5	Great, helpful and knowledgeable staff and great prices! I didn't expect this from a private nursery. I spoke with a staff member named Mark and a girl with medium blond hair (didn't ask her name). Keep up the great work!
1	This review is unfortunately about Jeff Harper at the Mesa location. My extended family and I came over Memorial Weekend and purchased numerous plants from the nursery during the 50% off moving sale. All the plants were doing well except one shrub which started doing poorly and dying the day after bringing it home. The receipt stated "receipt required for returns" so I got my 7 month old son in his car seat, drove the short mile up to the nursery and hauled the car seat and bagged shrub inside. I explained to Jeff how it wasn't doing well at all (all leaves had been fried when the label said "extremely heat tolerant") and asked if I could switch it out for another. He said I bought this on sale so there's no returns. I explained that I didn't know that since the receipt didn't specify sale items were nonreturnable. He said well we assume customers know that. There was no signage anywhere that this moving sale meant final sale with no returns and we weren't notified of that when we purchased the plants either. I went through the trouble of digging the plant up and bringing it back because I honestly thought they would honor what was listed on the receipt and didn't assume everything was final sale, especially with a plant dying the very next day.  When I told him I brought it back because I was basing this on what the receipt said, he interrupted me mid sentence grabbed the bag with the tree, screamed "FINE!!! You know what?! I'll go get another one!!!" And swung his arm as if throwing a discus and threw the plant so violently it flew out of the cashier area door onto potting bench knocking over and breaking several things. A worker was talking to a customer outside and witnessed it along with everything shattering to the ground. I was in such shock with my baby in his car seat on the ground I stood there for a moment unable to move. I grabbed my son and slowly walked towards my car hyperventilating. I have never experienced something so violent in a workplace and now two hours after it happened I am still shaky. I am only grateful I didn't take my four year old daughter with me to run that errand as I had planned to tomorrow. I am so saddened that a return request angered someone to the point of doing something like this, not only in front of me, but my child and other customers.  The worker did express how I didn't deserve that, that he was sorry that that happened and that I seemed like "a nice girl". I just wanted to let someone know in the family I will never drive by Harpers the same and could never recommend a place who's owner conducts himself so aggressively. I hope that no other customer ever has to feel so scared and threatened no matter the circumstance. To note, I do now see online all sales being final, but this should be listed on the receipt and at the register as well. Thank you, I hope Jeff understands he should never be conducting himself in a matter such as this. It was truly horrendous. **Not to mention he claimed if I would have purchased mulch and dirt I would've been able to return. The plant he threw back at me while I was walking to my car wasn't even what I had originally purchased. I didn't even want it but while I was putting my baby in the car the other employee placed it in my car. When I got it home there were literally over a hundred caterpillar/grubs in the pot. And as I drove away from the nursery slowly from crying I could still see Jeff marching around with my bagged plant fuming. I don't know what is with this guy but save yourself from ever dealing with him.**
