5	I had mixed feelings when I heard that LifeTime bought out At One Yoga several months back... and when my friend hooked me up with a one week pass to check out this new LifePower location, I didn't know what to expect.But now that I've been to four classes in five days, I can say that I'm super impressed with not only the facility, but the instructors and front desk staff too...The location is pretty convenient since it's right off of Shea and the 101; the locker rooms have the amenities you'd expect including towel service; the facility is super clean; and it's not crazy expensive either...While I've only experienced yoga classes (thank you Jenn, John, Harmony, and Anton), this facility also offers pilates and personal training.  While I already have a health club membership at the Village and I'm not going to give that up anytime soon, I can see popping in to LifePower to mix things up every now and again.  They have an amazing schedule of classes for all levels and the best instructors in town.
4	I think Gabi puts it very well in that everyone had mixed feelings about Lifetime Fitness and At One yoga merging.  I had been a member of The Village for about 13 years when I decided to leave and join At One Yoga.  I really loved the atmosphere of At One and was happy with my choice.  When I heard about the merger I wasn't sure what to expect but was trying to keep a open mind.  I do really like the new facility... the female locker room is very nice and clean with the same amenities as the village locker rooms.  I love the fact that I can do some cardio and/or weights and then attend the yoga classes led by the instructors that I LOVE:).  The only thing I miss about the old at one yoga studio is the HOT HOT yoga classes... I wish that they could figure out how to work some of those into the class schedule.  All in all thus far I am happy about the change:)
4	I've practiced yoga for years at At One Yoga and initially wasn't happy about their merger with LifePower. But now, after several months of going to LifePower, I think it's pretty nice. The facility is big and clean and very well kept. If you want to use the entire facility (the weights and machines) you have to sign up for a monthly contract. However, if you just want to take the yoga classes, you can buy them packages of ten classes. The ten classes can be used over any length of time. I like that because if I'm out of town or busy, my class package doesn't expire. I do wish they offered more class packages, like in groups of 25 or 50 classes, the the way At One Yoga used to do. Because typically the more classes you buy, the bigger the discount. The great majority of the yoga instructors from At One Yoga have come over to teach at LifePower. I've taken yoga classes in several places throughout the US and I think these yoga teachers are among the best in the country.
2	It's like they took a hard core Cycling/Spin class and crossed it with an intense Vinysa Flow Yoga class, this is the abomination that came of it.The music was so intense I couldn't even think about what I was doing. It one point I actually heard a lyric in one of the songs about wet panties...I wasn't feeling any flow in this class, just a bunch of egos that could've been checked at the door. One star for complete lack of "Zen"...Two stars for the amazing facility for all those cardio-junkies who need a place to burn those party up calories from the Scottsdale bars...
1	Oh, Life Power Yoga, I tried so hard, gave it my best effort and in the end I have nothing to show for my troubles.  I guess I should start at the beginning.I am a Living Social vet and have had a lot of success getting and using good deals with them.  So when this deal popped up, 5 Pilates Reformer classes for $35 bucks, I had to move.  I not only purchased it, but sent it to one of my other friends, convincing her to purchase.When I called to schedule the first class for us in early May, they didn't have anything available in the next week, or the following week, and the first appointment we could get was over 3 weeks out.  Since scheduling far it advance seemed a requirement, I tried to schedule a 2nd class at this time and they told me there were none open, unless I wanted mat pilates.  How clever they are!  Reformer classes at $7/class is a great deal, pilates mat classes--umm, you mean like the ones you can get at your gym for free?--pass.  And, this is just the beginning of the Life Power scheduling nightmare.  I got lucky booking that first appointment because after that they didn't have anything available for 6 weeks--oddly enough that was the same amount of time before the deal expired.  In a rare display of business acumen, they did attempt to add some classes to accommodate the demand.  After all their June classes were full by mid May, they extended the deal a month and were going to add more June classes.  They tell you, "Call on Wednesday, we are opening up additional classes then."  The first time they told me that I called Wednesday afternoon, nothing available--they were already booked!!!  So I get the same line, "We are opening up more July classes, call on Wednesday, that is when the schedule is released."  This time I called Wednesday at 9:00AM.  Great, they have 1 class open!  What?  It is at 11AM?  I work full time and unfortunately, this is not an option for me.Now I want to be clear folks, I wasn't Captain Procrastinator on this one.  I called within 2 weeks of purchasing the deal to schedule and have only been able to book 1 class and have been told they don't have anything else open in July when my deal will expire.  For those of you following the timeline closely, I purchased this deal on 4/28, called less than 2 weeks later, got one class and the deal was set to expire end of June.  They pushed back the expiration to July, however only added, it seems, 1 class at 11AM to accommodate their customers?  I've seen much smaller companies accommodate the Living Social demand so I am not sure why this big box gym can't get it right.  And, adding insult to injury, the 1 class my friend and I did manage to book, when we showed up there was NO ONE.  Only 3 of us out of 10 people that signed up came to class!  You are turning people down because your classes are full and yet you have no one in your classes?  I'm not sure what that says about the training--why would more than half the class be playing hooky after signing up when they know they get charged for it anyway?  Just to clarify, I thought my class was okay and I was definitely sore the next day, which to me is the best indicator of a good class.  I have taken dozens of private reformer classes at a different NoSco gym, so this was not my first rodeo, but they did have to take the class down a few notches since they allow newbies (people who have never used a reformer machine before) in.  Also worth noting, every time I spoke with the front desk they were friendly and I think they were doing their best.  Management just wasn't giving them any tools to work with so it was a lose-lose for everyone.Above are my reasons, but here, just the facts:  I got 1 class booked in nearly 6 weeks of trying.  Why would I EVER want to be a client of this gym?
1	The positive: the place is nice and clean. And, I loved the Pilates instructors. Unfortunately, the rest is negative. The front desk staff in particular is horrible - unhelpful, unknowledgeable, and unempowered to handle any customer service issues. I purchased a LivingSocial deal and called, called and called some more to book a class, but they were always full (they can only handle 5 or 6 people) or didn't have the schedule until days before classes started, at which time they were booked again. I showed up once for a class that was cancelled, only I never got a call. Class schedules were listed as one time, but then I was told that's not really their schedule. Every time I called, I got a different response from a different person. This place is a disaster. And, since it's practically empty every time I'm there after work, not sure how they'll survive. Don't waste your time or money. It's not worth the hassle.
5	I LOVE this place!  I have been a Lifetime Fitness member since July 2010.  In February I discovered that this location was here and that I had been "grandfathered" from an Onyx member to the new highest level Diamond member.  Amazing and conveniently located right off the 101 and Shea near Chili's. Every time I walk in or leave someone says "hello" or "goodbye" and most of the staff members know my name.  I feel very comfortable coming to this place.  This is a small gym fully equipped with a variety of machines and weights.  I have never walked in and not been able to use that machine that I would like to.  Life Power is mainly known for it's yoga classes.  They have four yoga studios and several different classes that they offer throughout the day 7 days a week.  I recently starting taking more yoga classes and the teachers are all wonderful.There are so many benefits to being a member at Life Power-take a class and find out how great it is!
5	This place is life changing. Get into the cycle of regularly attending yoga and you'll feel like a goddess. Just be sure not to get too caught up in the yoga gear when you walk in because this place is pricey. This is a good investment for people of all ages. Anton Mackey can get you flowing through the yoga moves in no time. With a combination of; Vinyasa Flow style yoga, some heat, and hip-hop / electronic up beat tunes everyone is sure to be sweating at the end of this 90 minute class.No matter how much I get to Life Power, I'm always sore the next day. The heat helps you open up and push yourself like you havent ever before. I give this place two thumbs up. In addition to yoga classes they have an area dedicated to cardio as well as a personal training station with pilates reformers and more. . .It took me too long to get to LIfe Power and no ones stopping you, so GO because I've yet to find anywhere like it. Find it within yourself and get to Life Power, you're sure to fall in love with life.
5	The best thing about Life Power Yoga is they happen to be lucky enough to have the best Ashtanga Yoga teacher, John Salisbury. In my humble opinion, he is the best yoga teacher in the world. Originally from Laguna Beach, California, I often would ask the Universe "why am I in Arizona?" After meeting John Salisbury, it is very clear to me and I will never leave. If John Salisbury were to go to another planet, I would  pack my bags and follow. Trust me, he is the best.
2	This review is based on the yoga classes. I have practiced yoga for about 13 years here in Scottsdale, and in the greater L.A./Santa Barbara area. I've been coming to Life Power on occasion for about 10 years (it was At One Yoga before being acquired by Life Power.)  The tagline for At One went something like "Yoga, Fashion, Music" and that really sums up the Life Power yoga vibe. The good: the facility is nice, clean, and well appointed. There are some good teachers that teach here: my favorites include John S., Jenn C., and Abbie C. The bad: there are some teachers that just seem bored and jaded (I won't name names), and this goes for the front desk staff. There's one lady who works the front desk who is decidedly cold and prickly. Some of the classes are mat-to-mat crowded, this can be fun, but here, not so much. I had one of the worst yoga classes in my life here recently because a person next to me had serious attitude about people being in her space in a mat-to-mat class. My other peeve is the music. I LOVE music, I even like hip-hop but do I want to hear the F-bomb and sexual references in the music while I'm in a yoga class? not so much....
4	Lots of great teachers and a good full schedule.  Nice showers and good rates.  Wish they had a cafe but other than that highly recommend LP.
2	I came here on a Groupon (or one of those kinds of things). Since the point of the promotion is to get new, long-term customers, wouldn't you think I would be greeted warmly and shown around the place? Nah, fend for yourself. The only things good about the place--nice facility, okay instructors. One actually did make a point of trying to help me during class. Basically, this is a snooty, cliquish place that isn't at all what I consider a real yoga studio. Yoga isn't about competition or trying to do the poses "best." I may not even finish all ten of my sessions.
5	Due to my work schedule I'm an on-again, off-again average-level yoga-practitioner.  I've visited other studios in town and have tried classes in other cities.  I keep coming back here because the quality of instruction, the choreography and physical intensity of the classes, and the effect they have on my stress level is unparalleled. That said, this place is not for everyone.  A few things to know:The Teachers -  They excel at reading your body, its limitations and strengths.  Go to any class led by John, Jenn, Anton, or Desiree, and you'll find the flow and sequencing of the classes to be excellent.   They adjust and help people of all levels (Anton doesn't do as many adjustments but his classes are really crowded and it's surely hard to get to everyone).  The more you take their classes, the more they'll understand your ability and adjust or give you pointers.The Politics of Mat Placement - Expect to be surrounded by fairly high-level practitioners. When you go to class, the hotshots will race to get a spot in front of the mirror - or they'll plop a mat mere inches from yours in a wide open room to apparently occupy an EXACT polar coordinate in the universe.  It reminds me of the unspoken hierarchy of ballet class: if you're a badass, you stake your claim front and center.  Lesser mortals move out of the way.  If you are new to LP, stay in the back or middle zone until you get your bearings.  The Tunes - Vinyasa / flow classes are conducted to music, so if you prefer a quiet, spiritual experience, you will not be happy. Try John's traditional Ashtanga classes, breath only, sans music.  I especially loooove Jenn Chiarelli's mixes - housey, groovy, alternative hip-hoppy kinda stuff.  Sometimes it's hard not to wanna shimmy. The Community -  Like any sport (yup, I'm calling yoga a sport), there is an in-crowd.  If you're really good, young and or hot, you are probably in it.  Such is life.In defense of the situation, a lot of these folks practice yoga A LOT, or attend yoga teacher training, or presumably go on yoga trips together, so it's understandable that there's a group who knows the instructors and each other well.  And it's only natural for teachers to invest more time in students who are exceptionally dedicated or talented.    The Bottom Line: If you're an advanced practitioner, you'll love Lifepower.  If you like Ashtanga, you'll love Lifepower.  If you enjoy doing Vinyasa classes to music, you'll love Lifepower.  If you are a newbie, I recommend exploring Lifepower plus other studios to see what vibe and class style suits you best.  If you're just an average-yoga-schmoette like me and can block out the social noise, you'll find Lifepower yoga a highly rewarding place to practice.
1	LifePower refused to honor my groupon because they insisted I was a former member which I was not.  I was an inactive member for 6 years of a club they took over 2 years ago.  They lost me as a potential long term customer for a $40 groupon; very poor business practice!
4	Last weekend I subjected a couple friends of mine to a bikram class at the studio I frequent, so in turn I tried a yoga class at their studio, Life Power Yoga. I was surprised to see that this is more than just a yoga studio. After signing in for a free first-timers class, my friend gave me the general tour. This place is really beautiful. Cardio equipment, free wtgs, kettlebells, nautilus, etc. The women's locker room has key-card lockers so you don't have to bring your own padlock. Shower towels, hairdryer, q-tips, plenty of showers and it was clean. The yoga studio is a beautiful hard wood floor room. Adjustable lighting, music, and temperature allowed the instructor to set the tone he wanted for the room. Class was 75 min. A word of caution-if you're a newbie, there is no instruction. I found it difficult to hear the instructor over the music, and since each yogi is doing their own variation of the postures based on their skill level I was lost as to who to look at. Perhaps after a few more times I'd get the hang of it.
5	Lifepower is so great to practice yoga . I first start with a friend of mine who has attended for many years . Im so glad i did m everyone is very nice and welcoming .
5	I'm just getting back into Yoga and I had a great experience a LifePower Yoga.  Alicia, the instructor, was a very helpful and welcoming.
5	Hands down the best yoga in the valley!  Yoga is an incredible practice, and this studio has truly gifted teachers.  Check out gurus Jenn Chiarelli or John Salisbury for a powerful vinyasa flow - you're sure to learn something new!  Will Glass and Shaelyn McCole are can't miss teachers for a hot, stretchy flow, as is Anton Mackey.  Stretch, strength, breath!  These classes are heated and the instructors play modern music.  For a cooler classroom and slower movements, Alicia Beale and Susan Young both teach a wonderful Slow Burn, as does Jenn Chiarelli.And Ashtanga with John Salisbury will transform your practice!   I've been taking classes from these teachers since the time of At One Yoga (bought out by LifePower) and it's been life-altering.  The facilities are exceptionally clean and spacious, and the yoga rooms create a great class atmosphere.  The amenities are wonderful: free hand and shower towels, fully stocked locker rooms with everything from q-tips and razors to shampoo and blow dryers, plenty of showers, etc..  The staff is friendly and capable.  And there's even a bunch of shiny gym equipment if yoga's not your only form of exercise.  Who could ask for anything more?
5	This is by far - one of the most awesome yoga studios in the Phoenix Valley.  If you like calm yoga you can attend slow burn or their restorative classes but the best classes are the hot vinyasa classes particularly with john s, jenn c, will g, Anton m, & Desiree L... They combine modern hip and fun music with power yoga. You will not even need the gym anymore.... But then being a lifetime member you get to enjoy both worlds...  Being a lifetime brand gives you the nice gym in it as well and the bathrooms are kept nice and clean by the staff.
5	LifePower is by far one of the best yoga studios I have been to. Instructors are amazing, very knowledgeable, helpful, and inspiring.  I love the variety of classes from the more clam class of Slow Burn to the high energy, intense flow of Hot Vinyasa.  All instructors have been great.  The yoga studios are top-notch.  The facilities are very clean and the amenities are exactly what you need.  I have yet to take a class that does not challenge me, which is awesome!  I highly recommend.
1	Typical bait and switch. Signed up for free one day pass per the special. Arrived and told not applicable to this location. People on site not concerned and wanted to charge $35 to work out. Waste of time.
5	Lifepower is my favorite place to practice yoga in the area. I frequent the hot vinyasa classes and I love them! The music and the atmosphere is so fun. I'm always sweaty afterwards, so I appreciate the facility's nice locker room and showers.
