5	Have used Arizona cleanPROS twice in the past month or so and have been extremely happy with the service provided and attention to detail. I have used a lot of individuals and cleaning companies in the past - and inevitably the quality of the service declines over time, or they show up late (or not at all!), or just aren't thorough enough. I feel like my house is very clean when they leave - and that "clean" feeling stays for a long time! I hate it when you hire a cleaning company and the house feels gross the next day... definitely not the case w/ Arizona cleanpros.  This company is definitely the best I've used in the valley in the past 10 years. They sent two people in a branded company vehicle both times, and they showed up promptly on time and are very pleasant . The service is a bit more expensive than the "competition" I think - $150 for a 4br/2ba 2200SF house (they charge hourly, so if your house is dirtier or cleaner that would change the price). In the past I've paid between $80 - $120.The quality of the service is substantially better and I feel that justifies the additional cost. If you've tried other cleaning companies only to be disappointed, I would definitely give this company a shot.
5	This is an extremely good company. They are very clear about costs and factors that determine how much they will charge to clean your home. They are very easy to deal with in terms of scheduling.The crews they send out are punctual and very personable. They take time to walk through the house both before and after the cleaning, to make sure you are satisfied. They are very thorough and include a lot of nice touches you wouldn't normally expect from a housecleaning company.They might not be the cheapest around, but you will definitely feel like you got an excellent value for your money. Housecleaning is not something to skimp on.
5	I just had a construction/remodel clean up done by Arizona CleanPros (note, I had some trouble finding the Yelp account, there are a few folks using similar names, make sure you have the right one).Team #3, Cecilia, visited my house.  I called the office and talked to Nancy (?) to schedule, and she was very straightforward, and suggested based on my square footage (I said 1700 sqft since there was some space I wouldn't have them clean) that a team of 3 would likely be on site for 3 to 4 hours.  Having used some miscellaneous housekeepers in the past (not a company) I thought that seemed too high of an estimate.  Turns out Nancy was spot on, and it was definitely worth it.  Cecilia arrived at 8:30 with a team of 3 (granted about 30 minutes after scheduled, but at least Nancy called at about 8:15 to let me know they were on their way). She asked for an introduction to the house, which I admittedly did a pretty bad job at (my wife would have done a better job).  Nonetheless, they were amazingly thorough.  Without introduction, they ferreted out pretty much everything, figuring out where all the trashcans were, the linens, etc. etc.  They spent a full 4 hours at my place, but the cleaning was incredibly thorough - there is lots of stuff in this house that has never been touched by a maid, and there was enough staining in the toilets and such that my meager attempts in the past (with a pumice stone) had me thinking they were destined for replacement.  Turning the water on and off in a 1953 house with a little galvanized piping still in the walls does that.  Everything this crew touched was sparkling - including the toilets, and including under the rim.  More impressive, I had quite a bit of "junk" in the house - we're still moving back in from a storage trailer following the remodel, and there are boxes stacked up and piles of clothes being unpacked.  I had asked them to clean around this stuff and not worry about it, but it turns out they didn't want to leave the corners untouched.  They neatly moved and restacked all of this stuff, and there was no spot on the floor, nor on any countertop that was uncleaned.  Of course they hit all the windows and shutters and vacuumed the AC ducts, and all that good stuff.  Meanwhile, they also happily picked up a couple of other things I asked them to do - clean out the refrigerator and fold some clothes - and I'm not sure the inside of my refrigerator has ever been this sparkly.  Meanwhile, I didn't monitor these ladies or give them any input while they were cleaning - I was on conference calls the entire time.  Given the scope of work, the independent maids I've used couldn't have touched this cleaning in 12 man hours.  I'm impressed.  I'm not sure what the other teams are like, but team #3 is a keeper for me.
5	I called AZ Clean Pros for a deep clean after having some construction work done on my home (dust EVERYWHERE). They were straightforward on the phone and gave me an estimate for the cost of service based on the sq footage of my house.They arrived a bit late (due to an accident on the highway apparently), but they called ahead of time to let us know, and they were worth the wait! The team left no corner neglected and no dust bunny free to roam....windows, baseboards, light fixtures, blinds...everything was clean! AND they came in under the estimate I was given by phone. They are a HUGE improvement over the last cleaning service we had.The Director, Aida,  stopped in after the crew was finished to make sure we were satisfied with everything. Very professional. I will definitely call them again.
4	Super amazing and efficient! They charge per worker (teams of 3) and per hour. I was quoted for 3 hours but the service ran over to 4.5 hours - and that was TOTALLY okay because they were doing a great job and my house hadn't been professionally cleaned in about nine years. The team showed up 5 or 6 minutes late but got right down to it. They cleaned things I didn't expect them to, including doing dishes, taking out the garbage, and making the beds. They didn't get the baseboards, standing fans, lower vents, or kitchen hood very well, but if I had wanted to pay for another hour, they probably would have. I also declined to do a walk through as I was already an hour and a half late getting on with my day. If I had to knit pick, I really didn't love that when they moved things to clean an area, they didn't put everything back where they had found them. But the actual cleaning that was done was done immaculately, and I will definitely be using them again!
5	Upon first calling, we were able to book an appointment for the following week. Kudos to the excellent communication level throughout: Scheduled by phone, they confirmed by email, and called the morning of the appointment to advise of their eminent arrival.  Estimated accurately over the phone - actual cost came in a little under estimate which was pleasant.Supervisor comes to the appointment and introduces the team and team leader. Asks good questions about any special requests or care required  Very professional and well trained personnel.  Work each room as a team, and get things done thoroughly.They want the customer to be happy, and give updates of rooms as completed throughout the process and give multiple opportunities to check their work. Very open to making corrections as needed without a hint of attitude.Very pleasant experience.  Very clean house and very happy owner.  We'll be using them again!
1	I had a normal move out clean scheduled for less than 900 sq. ft. I was told this type of clean would take 3 ladies 1.5 hours to 2 hours at most. I was shocked to see that it took 2.5 hours and the price was $50 more then what I was told would likely be the "at-most" cost. The property was already superficially clean (I have several photos to prove that) . My intention was really to have a "deep-clean" paper trail so I could ensure my rental deposit refund. Had I been told it would take 3 ladies 2.5 hours I would have called around to make sure it was the best price. As that seems above average for an already clean condo. When I asked why they needed the extra time I was told "because our supervisor approved it". Come to find out the supervisor was the owner. Not only could they not tell me why they needed 3 ladies to clean an already clean small condo for 2.5 hours they were not willing to budge on the price. The cleaning was exceptional unfortunately the service was not. I do not like feeling like I was taken advantage of, even if it was only for $50.00.
3	I am pleased to say they refunded the additional charge and wrote a me a personal e-mail of apology. I would love to update my review to 5 stars, unfortunately, there response to my my review included several misrepresentations. I am not interested in slinging mud over social media just sharing my experiences with the hopes that they are helpful to others. With that said, I will not go into further detail about the discrepancies in their post. In the end, I am happy with the discount and the job that was done. If you choose this company I am sure they will do a fantastic job just ask a ton of question on the front end so it does not get messy on the back end.
5	I was in from out of town for an emergency visit. My dad's dogs had been using his home as a bathroom for at least a week and the house hadn't been deep cleaned in years. Team 4 was amazing. They came in and cleaned the place from top to bottom in just 5 hours! The ladies were so professional and understanding of my situation. I wish they were in Denver! A couple friends came over for a visit afterwards and immediately wanted their number. What a stroke of luck to find such an amazing crew!!!
5	Booked them the same week that I called them.  They were ultimately professional and did an outstanding job.  Aida Armour and her crew were so thorough and super easy to deal with.  I could not be happier with the service that they gave us.  Every single inch of this place was cleaned spotlessly.  If you are looking for a professional cleaning service, call Arizona cleanPros.  Make sure to ask for Aida's crew, they are the best!
5	It was so nice to come home to a clean house! Arizona Pros was wonderful to work with prior to cleaning - they were professional and informative. The crew arrived on time and did a great job. Would definitely use them again!
