1	Worst customer service ever!!!  Avoid this store if at all possible!
4	I give it four stars. It's not a lot to be said about Kmart its the store we all love and trust. The customer service dept could be better. But I shop here weekly.
1	Kmart has taken a steady decline for years. this store just screams low class, unhappy workers, low quality products, and cheapness. I only stop here when I do not want to drive farther for basic necessities.
3	Kmart is Kmart. They are usually not organized. but sometimes they have great deals. I love that they carry the Thom McCann shoes. They last forever!! When I was little in Calif. we had a Thom McCann store and wore them always especially shoes for play or church. The assistance from employees is a hit and miss. There are some good ones there.  They are open 10-9 but, holiday time they change it for earlier and later. They have Lay a way also
2	There was another listing for this location on here that I reviewed but it has since disappeared. Oh well, I will review again.I have visited two other locations in Vegas and one in Bullhead City, AZ and this one has to be my least favorite. I don't like how the store is set up or organized. I only come here for home decor and occasionally for shoes. It's just scarce. The apparel section is just sloppy and unappealing. I'm not a snob and have bought clothes from KMart before, but the way that it's placed here makes me avoid it like the plague. After one perusing, I just have no desire to shop it anymore. It just feels cheap and unworthy. I hate to say that considering that I shop the other store's apparel section and look forward to it.All in all, this location for me is just home decor and electronics. Got a great deal on a flat screen TV here. Anything else, I'll pass.
1	Miss Krissy. Bad customer service . In isle 5 there is a product on sale, "lucky Charms". Let me know I'll purchase it for you. That is why establishment close because if bad service. Lucky your store has great people like Suzy . To pick up your slack. Two thumbs up Suzy. Krissy " god Bless you" remember Isle 5.
1	While most of the people we have dealt with while at this kmart has been very friendly.   We went to return something and had to deal with Lisa.   Lisa was very rude from the moment we arrived at the counter.  We did not receive a receipt for something we put on layaway and we told her this.  She refused to help us.So after dealing with layaway and the person back at the layaway counter was very friendly. She helped us get the receipt.  While my wife was standing at the customer service counter waiting.  The Lisa person at the customer service desk made rude comments about several customers.Because of lisa a exchange turned into a complete return and a loss of a return customer
4	I GPS'd this place when someone told me it was close to home. It's a little far, but I'm happy I tracked it down. Everyone was EXTREMELY friendly and helpful and they all looked happy to be there, which is a rarity at other competitive stores. I'll be back - they have a great clearance selection and are well stocked with Christmas deals!
