5	I love Yankee Candles! This has aways been a splurge for me and I love to splurge. I had no idea that they had their own dedicated store until I stumbled across it in the Galleria at Sunset. I had only seen them in Bed Bath and Beyond and Ross.The set up is very familiar. It feels like you're shopping at Bath and Body Works, but instead of lotions you're getting candles. My favorite thing to buy now are the tarts for my warmers. A lot more affordable and you can change them out more often than candles. I also like buying the car fresheners. Come and check this place out if you love Yankee Candles. It will not disappoint!
1	I was having a hunting and gathering instinct moment and purchased 8 candles online, scents that I hadn't purchased before (daring, I know) and after I had placed my order, I was starting to have regrets of not knowing what I ordered. So I called to cancel my order, literally hours after, and they told me that I couldn't because "it was in process" and my option was to refuse the delivery when it arrives. Yes, because I can sit home and wait for Fed Ex to arrive? My package arrived a week later, and I decided to return the candles to the one and only Yankee Candle store in Vegas, which happens to be about 15 miles away from me at the Galleria Mall. So I call prior to making the trip over and I explain to her the situation and I'm told it's no problem to return or exchange. I arrive and start the return, the woman has to call the company to see how she can make this return. After talking to a employee, she informs me that since I purchased these with my Paypal account, that there is no way to do a return and that I would have to be given a store credit. I'm sorry, huh? "Our system has no way of returning your money to your Paypal account, so you would have to mail the packages back to us if you want a refund". You want me to mail 16 pounds of candles, and I'm standing right here in one of your stores? It's 2014 folks, upgrade your shitty computer system so you're along the lines of every other company! Nowhere online does is state that if you use Paypal, expect to not receive a refund. I'll be sending these back and I will never purchase Yankee Candle again.
5	I love Yankee Candle on all levels!  Even though the Boulevard store closed and that made me sad, I like the Galleria store.  It just doesn't have as much of a "homey" feel as the Boulevard store did.  Same great merchandise, though.  I can't live without a stash of tarts and I hoard candles to a disturbing extent.  My most recent visit left me with a new Halloween tart warmer and a good amount of tarts.  I'm just sad that there was only one Witches Brew tart to buy.  I got some patchouli tarts to hold me over...hopefully they get more Witches Brew in before Halloween.  I LOVE that they have more fall fragrances that are not pumpkin-laced!  Teri (Terry?)  is the best, she is a manager there.  Very friendly and accommodating.  LOVE, LOVE, LOVE YANKEE CANDLE!!!!!
