5	So glad a self service yogurt and toppings bar has come to Bloomfield! They have 10 different yogurt flavors and tons of toppings. Today the flavors were peanut butter, chocolate, vanilla, cheesecake, cake batter, peach, raspberry, strawberry and two I cannot recall. I like that I can make my own creation each time I go!   The inside is spacious with ample seating. There are even a couple kid sized tables and chairs toward the back of the place.   I will be going back over and over!!!
4	So for some reason I thought I had escaped the frozen yogurt phase 4 years ago in CA. I thought no more Pinkberry no more Froyo no more Fro yo yo mo mo or whatever spins on the words Frozen & Yogurt thatpeople want to come up with. Now alas there is one in Bloomfield. Anywho. At about .41 cents an ounce. Fill your cup and go. A very well stocked topping bar. Nice people... err counterperson. There ever is only one person up front.  Not a huge selection of flavours but just enough that you aren't overwhelmed with choices. The inside is chic and cute but its waaay to large for a yogurt shoppe and a frozen yogurt shoppe at that. What happens in the winter when no one wants anything Frozen? All that space left unused. Oh Yogurt! What to do what to do? Anyway, I like my cup filled with Peanut Butter Froyo w/ Almonds and Pecans. So suck it.
5	This is simply an awesome place to visit! Oh...and get yogurt too. Very friendly service, with ten choices of yogurt to choose from and about 50 toppings available. Consisting of your standard toppings along with many healthy toppings, such as freshly cut fruit and lots of it! Very nicely decorated, with a large area in the rear of the store. I may begin holding meetings in this venue instead of the Starbucks down the street. Much better lighting and a lot more room.I remember going to "Oh Yogurt" the second day it opened, and only about six people came in during the 30 minutes I was there. Went back three days later and it was a steady stream of customers in the same amount of time. This area needed something like this! I'm so glad I can walk to "Oh Yogurt" and treat myself, and very soon a few clients too!
5	My sister and I just visited this new yogurt place last night, (we live in the neighborhood,) and were very pleased with our experience!  The decor is modern and clean and the space is very large - unexpected for Bloomfield.  The yogurt was everything you'd expect from your typical fro-yo.  It was creamy and flavorful and not too heavy.  They have an average amount of flavors that you can mix-n-match and I'm guessing change frequently.  And of course there is a toppings bar, which has an eclectic selection of toppings!  They have all your fruit toppings and cookies, brownies, sprinkles, etc.  They also had a lot of "jelly" like toppings, which I thought was interesting - I wasn't adventurous enough to try them - maybe on my next visit. :)  All in all, I'm very excited to see a cool new yogurt place pop up in the Bloomfield neighborhood and will do my share to keep it in business!
5	Opted for fro-yo over ice cream on national ice cream day.  I didn't even know such a holiday existed!  No complaints here.  Oh Yogurt is a self-service yogurt bar.  They have several different flavors and options including no sugar added options, low fat fro-yo, sorbet, basic choc, basic vanilla, peanut butter flavor, and my personal fave cake batter.  All told they have somewhere around 15-20 diff options.  The toppings bar is also "do it yourself.". I added the mini m&m's.  You pay based on the weight.  Mine came to $4.50 and it was a generous portion.  I'm loving me some of this!
5	Love this place - live in the neighborhood and I was highly impressed.The toppings are extensive, the yogurt itself is nicely textured and frozen (I've had fro-yo that's kinda watery and melty) and the people are lovely.  In addition, the space is... spacious, the AC is excellent and everything is very clean and space age feeling.
4	Oh!  That's new.I think I've been to one of these spots before in life, but there's limited signage.  Perhaps that makes it feel like "you're in the know."But, Oh, no samples, so you take your pick of the yogurts on the wall, there's lots.  And then you can pile on all sorts of toppings that are things you've had since you were a kid though to things you've never heard of.Super modern decor, which is sort of odd for Bloomfield, but alas, a nice addition.
4	Great new frozen yogurt spot! There is a lot of choices here! you make your own selection of yogurt and choose from a wide variety of toppings.  The seating  area had some fancy space cadet chairs but not enough chairs and tables for the amount of customers.  Over all Oh Yogurt was a very clean and inviting place to enjoy a cool treat!  I would recommend to others  to try and I would definitely return.
4	Oh! Yogurt is a newer addition to Liberty Avenue in Bloomfield and despite living blocks away, yesterday was my first time visiting. Nothing like enjoying fro-yo when it's freezing out!Hightop tulip tables, lucite chairs, bubble lamps, and couches make the inside feel more like you walked into an Ikea showroom than a yogurt shop. It's also huge inside. So you'll have ample room to spread out after you eat your body weight in dairy products.Ten single flavors and 5 combination flavors line the far wall. Flavors like peanut butter, chocolate, banana, vanilla bean, peach, original, and strawberry are in the regular rotation of choices. All come swirling out rich and creamy. Choose wisely because unlike Razzy Fresh, there are no free samples.Sidenote: Every time I go into a self serve place like this I try so hard to show I'd make an excellent soft serve treat. And every time I fail miserably.The toppings are also abundant: fruit, candy, whipped cream, sauces, cookie dough, weird things that look like fish bait. It by far has to have the most topping selection in the city which is a total win in my book.The yogurt was actually so enjoyable its being added into the rotation of delicious cold treat stops.
3	I'm absolutely in love with their french vanilla yogurt and proximity to home, but that's basically it. Both positives are good enough to bring me back if I'm absolutely craving frozen yogurt, but their array of toppings falls well short of Love Yogurt in Southside (our current favorite frozen yogurt place), and the last time we were in, the girl working could've spent more time tidying up the place and less time sitting at a table talking to her friends. The counter was a mess, some of the toppings were low (strawberries), and it just had a dirty feel about it. Perhaps we've been spoiled from the obsessively clean Love Yogurt, but these types of self-serve places tend to sit better with me when I feel less like I'm showing up after 200 other people were there before I came through the toppings station.Overall, Oh! is a few toppings and a few notches up in cleanliness away from being excellent (yes, the french vanilla is that good). Until then, it will remain our convenient go-to, but it's far from being our top recommendation for a frozen yogurt spot.
3	Oh Yogurt is one of those newer yogurt places where the trend is to top your yogurt with crazy ingredients. I do love it though! This place is very clean which is something I notice every time I go there. The staff are friendly and engaging which makes the experience even better. They offer several flavors that also range in there sugar content. I had the sugar-free coffee last visit. The toppings are typical of the modern-trendy yogurt joints ranging from gummy worms to sprinkles and Oreo cookies. I'm saddened that they've done away with cookie dough topping. They accept credit cards and they even offer you a card that you present each visit. On your 8th yogurt, you get that one for free or you can save it until the next time you go. Its free up to $4 by the way.
3	Pretty much your run of the mill froyo place.  Love the convenience to Lawrenceville.  I feel like the toppings are okay, but sometime the fruit looks a little mehh.... I prefer the froyo place on Walnut St in Shadyside.
4	The husband and I stopped by Oh! Yogurt this afternoon while in Bloomfield. It was a very hot Saturday, so I was very surprised to only see one other person purchase yogurt in the 15 or so minutes we ate here. I tried the Peanut Butter and Chocolate - with multiple tasty toppings such as Butterfinger and Oreos - and thought it tasted very good. Some yogurt places have very messy topping stations, but Oh! Yogurt was very clean and had a lot of great options. The dining area was very comfortable and large and could easily accommodate at least 40 people. I would definitely come back to Oh! Yogurt in the future!
5	I am from Florida and we have Yogurtology down there, which is amazing. I have tried every frozen yogurt place that I have come across in order to find something that compares to that. Oh! Yogurt has exceeded my expectations.They are the first place I found since my Florida place to have everything I want. The BEST tart yogurt in this area!!!Only 41 cents per ounce. I got the same amount of froyo I would get in Florida for half the price. There is plenty of seating inside and it's beautiful decor.I will be going back often. Please try it.
4	This is yet another dyi fro yo place in Pittsburgh, but this one has nice decor. There's really not much to say other than that it's good and that the little girls that were there with us were a howl! lol.
4	We typically go to Twister's because it's just up the block from our house. But due to gastric bypass surgery, the ice cream was making me sick, so we stopped going. I was in the mood for some fro-yo and decided to try Oh! Yogurt.  The shop was clean, had a variety of different flavors yogurt, tart being my personal favorite, with lots of yummy toppings (I had cheesecake bites with pecans and cashews and fresh mango pieces).  The toppings bar was very clean with fresh fruit.  The only thing that was not so desirable was the attitude of the girls working the register. The girl working when my husband and I entered, clung to her purse impatiently waiting for her coworker to return. She couldn't even finish our transaction before taking off like a bat out of hell. The other girl also clung to her purse, but was at least a little bit friendlier. Despite the lack of personality in the customer service, I will continue going as it's the only frozen dessert that didn't make me sick. The prices weren't bad either.   $10 for both my husband and I, and my hubby had just about every topping in his cup!  Overall, a good experience with a definite repeat customer.
3	Oh! it's a decent yogurt place in Bloomfield! YUM!
2	I'd been to their sister branch in Oakland, liked it a lot, and was thrilled that there was an Oh Yogurt in my very own neighborhood. However, they could not be more different. This one does not offer free samples, which normally wouldn't be that big of a deal, but we'll get to that. Their toppings, especially fruit, looked old...like...very old when I came in on a Wednesday afternoon. I would not pay 41 cents per ounce for them, that's for sure. I filled my cup with my usual favorite flavors - raspberry, peach, banana and, my all time favorite, TART. I paid, and dug into the tart....to find that it was actually vanilla. I really don't like vanilla flavored anything. When I brought this to the attention of the management, they told me I must be mistaken. This turned into a whole to-do, which culminated in them pouring half my yogurt into the trash (after I'd paid) and telling me to just refill a cup. No refund, no apology...And their flavors didn't taste that great either. Sadly, I won't be returning.
2	I really wanted to like this place because the yogurt is actually pretty good and the toppings are unique, but there are a number of just unforgivable offenses as well as general annoyances about this place that have made me just give up. First, it's always really dirty. I know it's hard to keep grime under control when you're dealing in the sale of sugary, moist treats, but there are ALWAYS flies buzzing around in droves, people licking their hands and their cups and then digging back in to the yogurt and toppings, and today I saw a kid straight up sneeze into the fruit while mom and dad just giggled. They do not keep the place clean and as far as I'm concerned, I won't be coming back - I've tried to chalk it up to the place being crowded, the staff are busy, etc, but it's just always really gross.
5	Oh! Yogurt is the best frozen yogurt shop I have been to. Unlike other froyo shops that get the powdered yogurt that they mix with water, Oh Yogurt uses real yogurt with live and active cultures and probiotics so not only is it better for you but it's GOOD for you. They always have fresh fruit that they cut daily and of course an array of different candy bar pieces, chocolate and sweet candies to top your yogurt with. Also the cheapest froyo place I have ever been to. At 41 cents an ounce a full cup usually costs only about $5 versus $9-10 else where. The decor is modern, always have good songs playing, and it's just a fun place to go with friends. And, they're open year-round! Workers are all very nice!
4	The main disappointment that I have with this place is that they seem to have the same yogurts flavors all the time.  I would love to see apple pie froyo or green apple, or toasty marshmellow.  Something to make this place stand out from the other places.As for being clean.  I have never seen this place unorganized.  It has always been clean and everything has always been filled.Just once, I saw an employee talking to her friend who came in.  This parton brought in his dog.  The dog jump up against the counter for a second before the owner of the dog yanked or pulled it back down.The dog that was in by the food was NOT a service dog whatsoever.I am fully aware that service dogs are allowed in food and other establishment.After he left, I  nicely told the girl behind the counter that the dog should not have been in here.  She saw the dog jump up too.  She told me she could not stop him.  I told her that she should not have allowed in him with the dog.  The young teen told me that it is okay the dog is friendly. She seemed to be unaware of the no dogs in establishements rule.  Of course again, service pets are permitedNORMALLY the place is very well run.  Kudos to Wai for a great place.If they had more of a varitey of exotic flavors, I would have given this placeFIVE PLUS stars.
3	I wandered into Oh! Yogurt with my boyfriend and two friends while we were seeking AC and a place to chill while waiting for another friend to call us over to his place. I really don't like trying new froyo, but we were hot and hungry and all that stuff that makes frozen yogurt seem so tempting. I feel like I should start off with the positives of Oh! Yogurt. I really like the atmosphere. It's a pretty large place, and the design is aesthetically pleasing. The only downside was that the front of the store was warmer than the back. If you're temperature sensitive, this is very noticeable. It was really quiet in here, and that was a bit unnerving to me. I prefer some music or chatter or something. The primary annoyance with Oh! Yogurt was that there are no free samples. This was made apparent by a very rude cashier. Tasting the froyo before you buy is so important since the flavor of each type can vary so dramatically. I went ahead and got the salted caramel pretzel and chocolate. I can't remember what everyone else got. I enjoyed my froyo, and I especially enjoyed the waffle cone crumble topping. It wasn't the best, but it wasn't terrible either. My boyfriend still rants about how much he dislikes this place whenever we pass by it. I think he's being dramatic, but to each their own. Oh! Yogurt is a place I would revisit if it were nearby, but I think I'll stick to my usual Tutti Fruitti fix. If you are in the neighborhood, I don't think Oh! Yogurt is necessarily bad, but there are certainly better places to get froyo in the city.
4	Only going 4 bc there was no vanilla and they were out of pb cup topping...what's up w that?  Apparently they were busy over he weekend...4 stars for excellent and unprepared.
4	Your run of the mill frozen yogurt place. Has all the fixings and basic flavors. The only bad thing about this place and this is just reaching for something bad. Is they don't pair the flavors well. Like when you have the option of mixing two, I feel like they don't put the right ones next to one another. But apart from that it's clean, easy to get to and not a bad price.
1	Shady place!  Has 4 types of yogurt?  6 out of order machines.  Seemed very dirty, we walked out and did not even attempt to get anything.
