5	This place is perfect - it has the best massages (I know my massages) AND the best prices.  I never write reviews, but want the word to get out about this place because I will be devastated if it doesn't succeed...
5	Randomly found this place on Yelp and it was amazing!!! It was my first time getting a traditional Chinese massage and reflexology. When they told me they don't use oil for the Chinese massages i thought it may hurt a bit but that proved to be no problem at all! It felt amazing! I was so relaxed I fell asleep. They also had very soothing music playing in the background and the receptionist was very cute and friendly. I will definitely return in the near future and I HIGHLY recommend this play to anyone seeking high quality massage and great service for low prices!
3	You get what you pay for. I got here at least once a month because I live so close to 'West Towne Mall'. They do an awesome job. They know what they are doing. I love the $40 combo where we get a 20 minute body & 20 minute feet massage. Not a great ambiance. Eating a sandwich at a fast food restaurant is different from dining at a fine restaurant even if they might taste equally good. Since it is located in a Mall you will be hearing all the Radio & cacophonous sounds made by young and old. Esp those college gals who scream for nothing. They should seriously consider sound proof doors. Since they do a good job of massage they should start focusing on other things like ambiance, light music and giving a minute or two to the client to come back to senses and get out of the bed. P.S you Body massage means only the massage on back side of your body. Like I said we get what we pay for.
4	It is true what others are saying in that you get what you pay for.  No, there is no soothing music on a CD player, you will not be offered a hot beverage and your massage is not in a private room and the ambiance is a bit lacking....but the massage is what matters.  I've never had a bad experience whether it has been a chair massage or a table massage.  I absolutely recommend this place to anyone.  If you are interested in getting a massage but have never had one in the past or are just curious to try this place out, I would suggest a 15 minute chair massage.  Currently the price is $16.  They have a location in the mall but I would suggest going to their new location next to Ulta/Lane Bryant.  This way you aren't listening to loud footsteps and shoppers slurping on moccachinos.
2	I can't say this was a bad experience, it just could have been better with a few simple considerations.  First off, I'm tall, so when my therapist did nothing to adjust the chair for my height, I felt cramped and hunched as opposed to open and relaxed.  I knew this would likely cause discomfort during the deeper portions of the session.  I was right.  Secondly, there was no personal communication whatsoever.  The best bodywork is targeted to specific problem areas, and my therapist neither asked me about what I wanted him to focus on, nor checked in with me about how I was feeling during or afterwards.  Finally, when I took out my wallet to pay, I handed him my credit card.  He saw that I had cash in my wallet, and kept pointing to the wallet, as if he would prefer that I pay cash.  I felt like this was a bit rude or presumptious of him, and I insisted on paying with the card.  I hope they are able to improve these customer service issues, because there is great convenience there.
5	Been going here for a long while. Expert massage and very reasonable prices. This isn't a spa but I'm not here for ambiance. It's therapeutic Chinese massage that will knock your socks off.
