5	This company is the best out there of it's kind. HIGHLY, HIGHLY RECOMMEND!!!! I don't know what I would have done without these people when I had my bedbug problem....I was so freaked out by this that I was literally sleeping on my coffee table. All the companies I called prior to Naturezone wanted to charge me outrageous amounts of money, with no real guarantee that my problem would be fixed. They freaked me out more than I already was. Finally, after much research I found Naturezone (my heros). They were half  the price (or more) of the other companies, they immediately alleviated a lot of my fear, they guaranteed that they could completely fix my problem, without potentially ruining my stuff, AND THEY DID EXACTLY THAT. The guy that came to treat my house not only completely got rid of my bedbug problem, but also alleviated all the rest of my fear and anxiety about this horrible nightmare. He also taught me preventative measures to insure i never have this situation again. They even included preventative treatment at my new house almost a full year later in the initial price. If you have a bedbug problem....This is the company to call. You won't find a better price or service out there!!!!!!!!!!!!  I am forever grateful to Naturezone Pest Control!!!!!
5	I am so grateful for everything this company did to help me and my family get rid of the horrible bed bugs we had in our apartment. We moved in a couple months ago and we had no idea the previous tenants had moved out because of the same problem, but instead of letting the manager know they just packed up and left. We had no idea what to do, we didn't know it was bed bugs so by the time we figured out what was going on, we had gotten rid of our beds, clothes, the kids stuffed animals, anything that could be carrying these nasty bugs. I was referred to Naturzone by my Boss and I am a very satisfied customer. They were very professional and very knowledgeable. Thank you very much for getting rid of all these nasty little creatures. I hope nobody has to go through what we went through with sleepless nights and bug bites everywhere. I recommend Naturzone to anyone out there dealing with this issue. Naturzone is the best!!
5	Honest and outstanding service.  Quinn was great, very friendly and used product that would not harm my cats.  Their one year contract is very reasonably priced.
5	Reasonably priced and effective. Everyone I have interacted with so far has been friendly, knowledgeable and helpful. We have very young children and cats, so it is important to us that the products used are safe for both, and that is what Naturzone specializes in. The invoice includes a detailed description of the service performed including amount of materials and where they were applied, so we know exactly what is being brought onto our property.I always recommend this company to all of our friends and neighbors. Chris is our tech.
