5	This place is AMAZING. After having bought several pieces for various family and friends, I asked them to make my wedding jewellery and I must say that the results were outstanding.  The girl who made it (short blonde hair but can't remember her name :-( ) knew so much about the pearls and advised the combination of a single pearl on a chain and also one on a silver bangle. She drew me a little picture to show what she meant after having experimented with a few pieces she already had made up.What really impressed me was how she was so keen that I had an amazing look but was not spending a crazy amount. She also held off till the last minute to make sure she got the best pearls she could and let me pick the ones I wanted before making the jewellery.She was very honest when advising about the size and quality of each pearl when she could quite easily have sold me something far more expensive. I must say that the simplicity was perfect and I now have some beautiful , wearable jewellery that will last me forever and remind me of such a wonderful day.Since then, my new father-in-law bought my mother-in-law a string of peals from Rosie Brown and he also commented on the knowlege about the origin and qualities of the pearls. Rosie Brown boxes are swapped regulary around both sides of my family now at Christmases and Birthdays and I have never known anyone to be less than thrilled.I can honestly say that whatever your budget you will find something here and the flexibility to mix and match charms, pearls, bracelets just makes this place even better.
4	Rosie Brown makes individual and unique pieces of jewellery which are ideal as a gift for a special lady friend. Of course, these issues are a matter of taste, but even for the pickiest of my friends , they all like the stuff they have in this shop. The jewellery is modern without being too much of a statement- subtle, modern and "fresh" (can you describe jewellery as "fresh"?) as well as having simple lines, making their pieces both dressy and casual depending on the combinations and the rest of your outfit. Prices vary, but take into account these pieces are locally made and each one is unique. The service here is always super friendly and very knowledgeable about their stuff, without trying to pressure you into buying something out of your budget- a quality I always appreciate.
5	I reckon that about 80% of the women in my workplace own at least one piece of jewellery from Rosie Brown.  It's everywhere.  It's impossible to miss.  I'll admit, I liked it but wasn't blown away at first.  But here's the thing about Rosie Brown, it grows on you.  I've been here a number of times by now, and every time I go I find something new that I want.  I think I'm going to have to instruct The Man to buy me something from here (hints don't work in my relationship), because now that I've bought for someone else, I want something for me.  I think the beauty of this place is their willingness to mix and match and make whatever you want.  The jewellery they display is almost not much more than a suggestion.  Do you want that charm but with a different type of pearl or maybe a bead, and do you want a bracelet instead of a necklace oh and can it be with cord?  No problem.  On top of this, the prices are completely reasonable and the staff are absolutley lovely.  They take time with each customer, prettying up every package like it's a gift.  Fantastic.
