5	Amazing salon finally in my area! It's so nice and of course I love my hair! The prices are reasonable too!
5	I have been seeing Omar for my hair for years! I would never trust anyone else with it! In fact, when he moved from Utah to Arizona, I did too. I have followed him all over the valley! I have had virtually every cut, color, and style under the sun and Omar pulls everyone of them off effortlessly. Trust me, as a 15 year client, you won't be disappointment with Omar's service or the final product. He is truly the best!
5	Omar is a hair-saver!! I had an extremely bad color from another salon.. I went to him and he took me back to a flawless blonde. Not only is he amazing with color & color correction but he fixed the damage that the other salon did to my hair while keeping my hair long & lengthy. Its been 6 weeks since my last cut/color and my hair is still stunning. Thank Omar!
5	Omar is the best! Had my first service with him today and my color and cut look great. Took my hair from drab to FAB!!
5	I went in with the crazy curly hair walked out with beautiful color, hi lites, and a Brazilian Blow out. Omar was wonderful I will go to him forever!!!!! My hair has never looked so wonderful. My children could not believe my hair and cant wait to show me off to friends!!!!
5	Omar is awesome! I got hair extensions put in today and he did an amazing job! I am absolutely in love with my new hair! My hair was slightly past shoulder length (about to my clavical) and now it's to the small of my back! He also dyed my hair to match! He did an amazing job! Omar used Great Lengths Extensions and a cold fusion technique that was really fast and easy. Thank-you Omar for my amazing, thick, long, beautiful hair!
5	Wow, Omar is good. This was my first visit and I was able to get in right away. I have an Asian hair and most of the times my hair comes out choppy. As far as I can tell how he treat hair, he knows how to handle them. And my hair came out really good!! I think I finally found a stylist I will go back :)
