5	Expensive but 'to die for' artisan bread and german cake.
5	I lived in Edinburgh and this was one of my favorite treats along with Plasir du Chocolat for our sweets (which I read is now closed: those chocolates really were little pleasures) but Falko is still open at several locations: Bruntsfield, Gullane and at the farmer's market.Falko is a German bakery and patisserie and has delicious pretzels and Christmas stollen that were reminiscent of the goodies I used to snack on in Germany. They also make cakes, tarts, and lots of breads. They also have a stall at the Edinburgh Farmer's Market on Saturdays right under the castle near Castle Terrace. Visit this market and try the hog roast rolls, the Laprig apple juices, Abroath smokies (not always there), and so many more fresh and interesting selections. During the summer, the strawberries are the freshest and sweetest we've ever had! They are open from 9am-2pm.
4	This appealing German bakery/cafe houses some hanging Bretzels and a tempting Kommiss Brot. These traditional German baked goods are super tasty and smell divine. Delicate teas and strong coffees compliment some rich, freshly made slabs of cake. They do some interesting sandwich platters too all of which are an interesting alternative to the usual deli style baguettes.Falko's is located in Bruntsfield, and thus isn't the easily accessible from the centre, nonetheless its worth the trip.
5	A German bakery with oh-so-delicious coffee and the perfectness that describes German sweet-making. These guys know how to make pleasure in the form of an apple tart fresh and waiting for you on a plate whilst you attempt to constrain yourself from taking it all in one mouthful.Whether you sit in or take away you are in for a treat!Yes I am slightly in love with this place.
5	Sounds like the name of German fighter plane and tastes just as sweet.This place is going to make me fat, but happy. Jolly even. They have a great selection of light bites, but why fill up on waste? Let's get straight to the cake.The black forest gateau should be a class A drug. By the time I had swallowed the final spoonful I was in tears. You will NEVER taste anything this wonderful again.The Pretzels are great too.
5	I love Love LOVE this place! They have the nicest German cakes (arguably some are Austrian but the guy who runs it is German), pastries, cream cakes, breads and much more. As the cake slices are big, super sweet and creamy they are not to be enjoyed every day (hello spare tyre) but a nice treat on those special afternoons or weekends with a friend or loved one. You can also buy german chocolate and coffee, and certified kosher challah for your shabbes.
3	Falko's bread is great. Cakes are yummy, but expensive. This new Falko bakery and cafe is a nice place to while away some time and satisfy your sweet tooth. But at these prices you might find yourself nibbling and sipping to make it last longer!
5	Apricot Frangipane Plum TartApple TartCinnamon BaumkuchenSpanish Almond TorteLinzertorteSachertorteBlack Forest Gateau& Pear & Sour Cream CakeAll hand-made by award-winning German baker Falko Konditormeister and his small team of artisan bakers. If you still have a room after a slice or two - and the portions are so generous, you really shouldn't have any room! - they also sell pretzels, stollen and lovely loaves of hazlenut and raisin, fennel seed, pumpkin and rye bread.
5	Despite having a name which sounds more akin to a store selling high-end stereo equipment, I was utterly delighted to stumble across Falco's. Even though it's a bit off my usual beaten track I'll definitely be back sooner rather than later.I'm a big fan of Ze Germans and grew quite attached to their bakeries on my many visits there last year. I am delighted to confirm that so far, this is the only shop in the UK where I have managed to find a full on, proper pretzel. While Pret a Manger do an acceptable imitation covered in sesame or poppy seeds, it's the bad boys in here, sprinkled with a bit of rock salt, that really do it for me. You really wouldn't believe that a lump of doughy, stodgy bread can taste so good.I would rather that they were 40 cents like in their homeland, but I suppose you pay extra for quality imported goods.
4	A friend told me ages ago about this bakery about near Yellowcraigs which had the best German biscuits he'd ever had.  I put the weird name in my phone so I wouldn't forget - Falko Konditormeister.  So, when a branch opened up practically across the street from where I work, I was on it.I went here for lunch with my man one day.  He ordered soup and I had a sandwich, we each had tea.  The tea was weird.  You just got a small amount of loose leaf in this strainer which fit in your tea cup.  But, it was too much leafy tea for the size of the cup and as a result your first cup was mega strong but every subsequent cup was too weak.  Clearly tea drinking here is an art that must be learned.BUT the food was really lovely.  The soup was compared to home made (which is major) and my sandwich had salad with a very tasty dressing.  I wanted to have dessert but we needed to get back to work so we grabbed an apricot pasty to share, to go.  Holy jeebus was that thing good.  Thinking back on it, I don't know why I've not been back to eat more pastries because, wow.  I've heard their other food is great, and I'd really like to get some of their gorgeous bread some time as well.  And the German biscuits - must.try.german.biscuits.
4	Now I see what all the fuss is about. Delicious German cakes (the apple cake is just as I remember my grand mothers!) home baked bread (including hard to find dark rye!) and sehr guten Kaffee! Lecher!!!! One thing to bear in mind though, they do not accept credit cards (but do take debit cards). Very good Falko, I'll be back.
4	I lived a long time in Germany and Austria.  The food at this cafe is truly good, and the staff are ok.  The down sides are the price and the air of pretension.  I guess that may come from the neighbourhood in which it is located, and that it is one of the few Germanic cafes in Edinburgh.  Overall, pretty good.
4	I lived in Germany for some time, and I definitely recommend their breads. We had a marzipan hoernchen (amazing) and also sampled their brioche (so-so) and croissants (again, amazing). Their sweet treats looked incredible, but we were seriously disappointed by the schwarzwaldkirschtorte (blech, could barely finish the soapy thing). But we may be picky, as that was our wedding cake. Their other cakes looked quite tasty. We got some absolutely delicious jaegerkruste to go (a light rye bread with seeds). Finally, some real German bread! Do yourself a favor though, and just drop in to get your breads to go. If you stay in, the prices are marked up beyond their value--not worth it.
4	So, my MOM actually told me about this place because she wants me to eat Hannakah food on Hannakah even when I have no idea how to celebrate it, or how to spell it for that matter. But apparently, Falko Konditormeister has unlevened baked goods for the (one) Jews in Edinburgh.I'm a little terrified of the evilness and the backlash that is going to ensue if I say this But I'm going to do it. I have a right to my goddamn opinion too (smiley face). I think, and it's just ME, I think I might like... falkocoffeebetterthanartisanroast. There. I said it. It was the. best. coffee. It was the. most. awkward. german (austrian). unwarm. nerve-wracking. service. It was the. best. coffee. It was, and is 250 miles away (or something like that) from where I live.but, it was the. best. coffee. The cakes looked life-changing but all the skinny hot Austrians behind the counter put me off ordering them as I felt they were judging me as a human, to my soul... I didn't want them to judge my cake order.
2	My 1st "Average" review, and feeling a little bit guilty as we all have Off Days (some more than others!) ...however, I have given Falko 3 chances which is more than reasonable! Positives: Cakes look A-Mazing, the Sandwiches are pretty darn delicious (I had the amazing pork, apple & rocket), quaint interior and good Bruntsfield location.Not so positives (I don't really like using "Negatives", however, guess I have now, inadvertently...):  Service, 3 times I've been there and 3 times I've felt as if I was intruding... they seem friendly enough, when they were talking amongst themselves. Lacks warmth in atmosphere, and just didn't get a positive overall vibe...So, if you would like a nice piece of cake and don't care about service - by all means visit... I won't be back. 3 strikes, you're out Falko.
4	This is a lovely and I believe only German cafe in Edinburgh. I am not surprised that the baker has won so many awards for his food. The bread and cakes are truly delightful. The salads also looked delightful. Try the Swabian apple tart. The vanilla cream custard is amazing.
5	Five stars for the incredible baked goods and fantastic hot chocolate. Just don't wait till winter to go there!
4	Falkos was one of the first cafes i visited on moving to Edinburgh and i was very impressed. the inside certainly gives yo that feeling that your being transported back to Germany with the interior, the german staff and of course the fantastic bread, pastries and cakes. The cakes are a big favourite with my son he would recommend the chocolate gateau , for me the best thing is there Hot Chocolate the best i have ever tasted it is fantastic made with the best quality chocolate, full cream milk no sweetners or anything else it is superb! The only negative for me is the service and the atmosphere. the service isn't that great the staff aren't really friendly don't really make conversation with you and so the atmosphere isn't up to much. and for that reason i don't go in there as much as other cafes in Bruntsfield!
4	Great coffee, great cakes BUT sadly the service leaves a bit to be desired. As this is a takeaway as well selling cakes/bread and coffee the staff seem to get a little overwhelmed at times.You can find yourself sat for 20 minutes before being acknowledged and even if you are there's no guarantee you'll get a menu. BUT, when you are served and you do get your coffee and come on now your cake as well you will be happy.Classic treats such as apple strudel that don't hold back on portion on flavour. Really worth a visit if you find it on a quiet day.
5	Clean shop, kind weiter , ( man with beard), lovely green tea pot,lovely sacher torte!bright atmosphere!!!!Many thanks! Giuseppe!
5	When my daddy comes to town, we go for breakfast. We often come here for the cinnamon swirls and coffee. This is a German bakery, offering some of the finest baked goods in Edinburgh: think pretzels, sacher torte, rye bread, apple strudel, black forest gateaux, brioche, and a vast array of other exciting delicacies. Also on offer are hot breakfasts, using fresh ingredients such as salmon, local cheeses, poached eggs and freshly made bread.The coffee always come served with a glass of water, the cinnamon swirl is the best of its type in town. I often take home a pretzel to eat for lunch. The pretzels are soft on the inside, crunchy on the exterior and made perfect by the touch of sea salt. Do you remember how good those pretzels were at the German christmas market? These are so much better!If you cannot be bothered to walk up to Bruntsfield (though you should, this is foodie heaven), Falko have a stall every saturday morning at the farmer's market on castle terrace. Go!
4	Our opinion of this place is much the same as others: go for the food, not the service! I had a lovely butternut squash soup with the great house breads, the cheese in the cheese and chutney sandwich was satisfyingly mature. My picky other half had the salmon brunch, and was more than satisfied, though thought they could have been a little less stingy with the fruit in the muesli. Not to mention the black forest gateau, which is amazing, and the coffee, which is fine.Service, however, is patchy at best. Several times we had to ask twice for the same thing, and smiles were few and far between.For us though, the food and coffee was the priority so we came out satisfied.
5	You have to go here now! Bread and cake - what more do you need really? Well I suppose wine but that is beside the point!This delightful German cafe/bakery is definitely worth a visit for brunch, lunch or a cup of coffee and a cake if you're visiting Bruntsfield. It can be very difficult to get a seat at the weekend though and if you're lucky enough to get one, you may be sat closer to someone than you would necessarily like to be but the Black Forest Gateau will help you forget that. There is a huge selection of cakes and fab German artisan bread too.Poached eggs, salmon and hollandaise from the lunch menu also very good.They have just started doing 2 or 3 course brunches which sound great as I hate it when you have to chose between muesli and fruit and the egss benedict that is calling you from the menu!Seating outside on warmer days so the puppy can come too..
5	I always defend british food when it comes to the myth about how bad it is. But regarding the bread: Jesus it's the worst!It didn't took me long to realise why people toast just every single slice: There is just no other option as every bread is a weird foam and you can reduce the size of it to 1/10 just by squeezing it in one hand. The Rye-bread you can buy in a supermarket needs to be toasted as well (NEEDS) otherwise it moulders into a million pieces before you had the chance to spread butter on it to at least stick it together. My bread nightmare came true in Great Britain!So thank you FALKO to save my life with a variety of healthy, tasty bread! They have it all here: Black, Rye, Spelt, Multi-grain...etc... Finally my teeth have something to do again and I don't feel like an old woman who has to eat crustless bread that melts in your mouth. I do like the cakes a lot as well. Like Murphy said the fruit tarts are heavenly. Have it with cream and if you sit in order hot chocolate in addition. This place is supposed to have a really good 'Baumkuchen', which I never tried before as it reminds too much of christmas season but I am sure I am gonna take my favourite Schnauzer and his owner to an advent treat. One has to get over the smell of spilt milk though!But I am sure we'll be there before that time and enjoy a nice breakfast!
3	When suffering from a massive hangover on a Sunday morning (okay ..afternoon) and when someone suggest to go for a coffee and a cake, you jump at the chance to do so! However if this is to be consumed at a 'top rated German Bakery' which is at least 3 postcodes away and (as they do not take reservations) without any guarantee for a place to sit. You might politely tell them were to go.I went anyway. And good thing I did.After a horrendous bus ride we finally arrived (honestly who in their right mind suggested this place.. och my head..why is that yellow thing in the sky?!!) My friends, whom had secured a sunny spot outside, were already enjoying their coffees and cake. Even when not in the best moods, I was able to appreciate the cakes and breads on offer. They all looked and smelled delicious and I wanted most of them. Now. My stomach agreed. The cake I went for was one of the apple creations ones on offer - the "ApfelStrudel mit Sahne" and a white coffee. I really liked it. It was big, flaky, not too sweet and the rum soaked raisins had some punch. The whipped cream wasn't very sweet and I did prefer warm vanilla custard.. but that wasn't on the menu. Coffee was as coffee does. So based on the cake I had and the look and smell of the multiple other cakes consumed by my friends (two for some!) I have to give this place 4 stars. I was not impressed by the service and also the state of the furniture left something to be desired, but I may have to put that down as my headspace being used as a continuous gorilla drum solo. 2 stars. So in total a not unbeatable 3 stars, which possibly will be improved upon on other visits.
4	Another place that I would really like to give 5 stars, but I'll go with 4 for now.On the cakes and breads, wow... 5+ stars, no doubt... a friend and I have made the pilgrimage here more than once and only managed to get the end of day scraps and still loved them. (By scraps I still mean glorious pieces of cake, not actual scraps to be fair!)  The coffee is also a good compliment, and given I've tended to come later in the day on the weekend there normally isn't a problem finding a few seats despite the place being quite small.This leads me to my only complaint and the reason I'm going with 4 stars for now... I would love to pop in here after a stressful day for a coffee and one of their heavenly creations, but it shuts painfully early if you don't live in the area.. if they just gave me until 7:30 all would be well, but alas... it isn't meant to be.  In their defence one of their staff members did say that they piloted such a thing however long ago, but that no one really came in... a crime, but perhaps good for my waist.I'm eager to get out and try their brunch one weekend... despite being small they assured me you normally don't have to wait longer than fifteen minutes, so I'll hopefully test that theory sooner rather than later.Essentially if you like the idea of wonderful cakes and coffees, or want to get some really good breads that shame everywhere else I've been lately, try and drop by this place... I don't think you'll regret it.  Falko Konditormeister may not be big, or flashy, but what they do, they do best, and I suppose that's what matters in the end
4	The cake was very good (I was high after two bites), as was the latte (very strong, thank you).  The savories looked amazing, though I did not have anything but cake on this birthday outing.  My star dock is for the atmosphere/staff.  It was a rainy, busy Sunday, and they hate to turn away customers, I get it, but feeling pressure to move on is something I despise.Instead of lingering to enjoy the slow melting of sugar on my tongue, and laugh when it hits my brain in shocks and I have to make an effort to slow myself down, I must either abandon the jutting creation of pastry and icing, or eat it quickly so that I feel sick.  Well, I did neither.  We sat there and enjoyed our dessert, though I had to make an effort to ignore the staff.
4	I had this in my bookmark for at least three months, finally I went. I got their citrus tart, a cheesecake and a pretzel. All delicious.  Especially the pretzel that had rock salt bits on it, crunchy and delicious and yes, I went in with pretty high expectations on their bread and it did not disappoint me.Why four stars then..Coz...the lady behind the counter didn't seem very friendly. ..and while I was still choosing. ...she was constantly asking me anything else. ....kinda got put off in the end....Great cakes and bread.. good enough to ignore the service
3	A visit here as part of the Hot Choc gang. Had wanted to try it for awhile so this was the perfect opportunity.I had already brunched at Cuckoo's and purchased emergency cake in case they didn't do gluten free cake. They do = they had a chocolate torte (almond based so not suitable for nut free/GF) which was nice enough but probably needed a tad more cherry jam to give it a bit more omph.It is pretty busy and I wouldn't say the most welcoming place. The woman who served me was lovely, chatting about being GF but the other staff seemed a bit disorganised, not knowning who was doing what and despite ordering at the counter as the whole table service/counter order thing was going on, I must have waited about 20mins for hot choc and cake. We were a huge group and they were getting their moneys worth from us but shesh, talk about the stares of 'hurry up and get out'. Definitely not a place for lingering - cake, coffee, go it appears, despite the wait you have before receiving cake and hot choc.So, the hot chocolate was ok. Just ok - proliferation of cream on the hot choc and the cakes so it was all a bit cream overload rather than subtle flavours. The cakes/breads do look divine and they clearly have a reputation for them going by the amount of take away being bought but Falko just left me a bit cold and that was before the bracing walk home in the cold.
3	Falko! How I love thee! Or at least the cakes and coffee anyway. Your cakes are so good that I feel bad for eating them, some of them I even feel bad for looking.You have to take your hat off to the team that run this place. Freshly baked bread and cakes every day are part of the reason why Falko is an excellent addition to the many (between 45-50 at my last count) coffee shops between the start of Tollcross and the end of Morningside If you are planning a visit here I would suggest you make a dash for one of the window seats as you can watch the day go by, plus if you are taller than average, the further back you go the narrower it seems to get.The one thing that could possibly bring this down a peg is the staff. The staff can sometimes seem a bit lost and appear to not know what they're doing.All in all Falko is a good place to visit if you are in the area. Just don't go looking for a Monday morning coffee, they are closed Monday's and quite possibly Tuesday's too.
