5	Went there this morning and their coffee is so deep and rich tasting with a hint of chocolate. Seriously some of the best coffee I have tasted. I also tried the croissant which was hot out if the oven. It was buttery and light very flaky. It melted in my mouth. I very much enjoyed this place and look forward to trying their lunch menu!
5	I am so happy this place came to our neighborhood! We needed it. Everything is so fresh and delicious. I stopped in at 6 a.m. today and they were roasting the coffee right on site and baking the bread! It is so warm and welcoming. What a great place to just sit and read a book with your coffee and pastry. My husband and I ride our bikes there on Sunday mornings for breakfast.
5	Found this hidden gem. CANT say enough GREAT things about this place. To start the coffee is roasted  fresh on site, pastries are fresh from their ovens, breads are same. Sandwhichs are BIG, prices are VERY affordable. Staff is friendly. PLace is VERY clean.
3	I came to this location after a quick stop at the Berlington Coat factory next door. I honestly wasnt overly impressed with this place. I felt the staff was friendly, but the only bottled water they carry is sparkaling water. The staff seemed unaware that sparkling water and flat water are not the same thing. I ended up getting a hot tea which was WAY too hot to drink for over an hour in their cups. I paid $3, which is the average tea price. But, they had no honey. I dont think I would head back for tea, but maybe I would try another drink there.
1	NOPE! NO NO NO NOPE! This was an absolutely horrible experience. My friend and I stopped by here out of curiosity. Well, that's the last time we let our curiosity make decisions... No, just kidding. Then how would we ~live life~? So, you know how it says "bakery" on it, right? When we went in, there wasn't much in the baked goods. The guy's excuse at the counter? "Uh, well what time is it? Like 6pm? We make all out stuff in the morning. What do you expect?"Snarky, eh? Well, he didn't get a tip.The coffee. Cold cold cold. It wasn't good at all. The cream was empty and the sugar and milk area was unkempt.Ice tea? I think I ordered the "Passion Fruit Iced Tea". He didn't even know what bag to pull. Seriously, man? I know you were joking about smoking a little somethin' on the side, but REALLY?On top of that, there was another man that ordered coffee. The other employee just kind of wandered around the store holding it. He gave up finding him (THE PLACE ONLY HAD LIKE, 5 PEOPLE IN IT) and set it on the counter. The man was upset, his coffee was cold also. So they brewed a new one just for him. Please avoid this place. It was not worth it. There's a Del Taco in the same mall. I'd rather have a taco over this place any day.
5	GREAT place, glad it moved into our neighborhood. FRESH baked breads,muffins,coffee. GREAT Atmosphere, FRIENDLY staff.
5	In response to Nicole C review. CAN'T be true what she is saying. Been their several times GLAD this place came to our neighborhood. CANT compare this place to Del Taco. EVERYTHING is baked FRESH in morning so at night your going to see less of a selection due to people buying the FRESH baked products. EVERYTHING is fresh, NOT FROZEN or from a freezer, comes out of ovens.
3	Four of us met here last night for our Yelp Book Club meeting.  This was a very pleasant place to have the meeting.  We had a large table with comfortable chairs to hold our books and our drinks.  There were enough chairs and tables that we could have added more space if more readers had attended.The only drawback was getting the drink I wanted which is an important thing.  I ordered an iced mocha and the young man behind the counter had this blank expression on his face of, "What?"  Eventually, he got the manager/owner(?) who was seated with some people with whom it appeared he was discussing business.My drink was eventually ready and it was tasty.  A bit more pricey than some competitors, but good nonetheless.  The same routine played out during the evening as more people came in.  An order was placed, a blank look ensued, and the manager had to come over and help with getting the drink done.  It was a hoot!I would have given this only 2 stars but it was such a good spot for our meeting that I award the extra star.  I may stop by again because the sandwiches on their menu board looked good and it is probably a great lunch stop.
4	Great coffee house with food selections and wifi.
5	Oh my friggin frack, this place is amazing!!!!!  After a long day of shopping, we saw this place next door to the department store we were in and needed a little caffeine pick me up, so mosied on next door for a quick refreshment.The outside of this place does no justice to how awesome it is inside.  Cool and spacious, with nice comfy armchairs and throw pillows, tables for larger groups and a full service cafe/restaurant.  They roast their own coffee and have a really cool roasting machine on display.  They also make their own pastries and while we ordered, offered us bite size sample muffins which were to die for amazeballs!  We tried the expresso bean and the lemon poppy seed with almond.  They were soft and delicious, so we ordered a large size muffin of the lemon poppy seed and shared it with my the three of us, while we sipped our beverages.  I think they also offer entree food items like sandwiches and pasta, though we didn't try any of those.I had a mocha chocolate frappaccino which was the bomb.com, my mother in law had a coffee with cream and sugar and the boy toy had an iced americano with milk.  Again, all amazing.  That Frappacino makes you think, "Starwho?"They told us they had only been open a few months and we were saddened that there weren't more people in there keeping them in business.  I don't live in Las Vegas, but my inlaws do, and you can bet your bottom that from now on when I'm in town, I'm stopping by this place.  I would 100% recommend this place. Seriously!  Stop reading this review, get in your car and go check this place out immediately! :)
2	Wow, I really hate to have to update reviews and especially when it is to provide negative input on a previously positive review.I just got back from Vegas (again), where I visit frequently, and as promised in my last review, made sure to stop by Chieti's.  I really wish I had not.Being that I am on a strict, no carb, no sugar diet, I went in and asked if I could get a sugar free frappacino and was told I could get one in hazelnut or regular coffee flavor.  So I ordered a regular coffee and was super excited.  However, as soon as I took the first gulf off the straw, I knew there was no way that drink was sugar free, because it was sweet and I hadn't added splenda yet.I went back and told them so and they said, "Oh, what you're tasting is our frap mix.".  "So it's not sugar free then?" I asked, "No, we can't do them sugar free entirely."WTF.  What if I had been diabetic?  Are you trying to kill someone?  Unfortunately for me or them, or whomever, I don't take idiots well, and that's what that entire situation was.  Idiotic and lazy.  Three girls working the counter and none of them know what they are doing.Sigh.....I should probably give them another try, but honestly, they are so far from where I stay in Vegas that I have to make a special trip and I just don't know if I'm willing to do that since there is a Starbucks a block from my house.  What happened to the cool helpful guy with the ponytail?  Lame.
5	glad this is our neighborhood. fresh roasted coffee/bakery/deli. friendly great staff. a great place.
4	!
5	Just stopped in for a coffee while my car is being worked on at the Nissan across the street. The outside is deceptive.It's an older part of town, not bad, not sparkling new. The inside is gorgeous. Tons of chairs, tables & couch seating areas in warm colors. I got a caramel macchiato & it was seriously perfect even through my sniffle-dulled olfactory issues. They have a deli & sitting back with my java I got to watch the chefs go about making the day's bread & pastries. The toasted croissant couldn't have been luxurious draped in Godiva. They cater, deliver & stock bulk cafe items. Great place to start the day.
3	Cute and unassuming.  I wasn't blown away by my cappuccino (any place that offers 16 oz and 20 oz sizes makes me suspicious) but it was better than I expected, cynic that I am.  My coffee wasn't bitter, but it didn't have a memorable zing to the taste.  Maybe too much milk?  I was actually famished, as I had just biked 30 miles and my ham sandwich was devoured in seconds.  It was good.  The decor is nice, nothing to write home about, but the place is large with a goodly amount of seats and is clean.  Bonus points for roasting their own coffee, but I'm hesitant to give this place a full 5 stars, if only because of my average 16 oz cappuccino.
3	Writing this review from the cafe itself- loving the free and fast wifi, which will be excellent as I wait for my home internet to get turned on later this week. I'm not a huge coffee fan, but my skinny caramel vanilla latte gets made quick and hot and I love the huge selection of food here! Breakfast sandwiches and paninis, toast and jam, yogurts and parfaits, along with smoothies and pastries-- and that's just their breakfast options! Various subs, sandwiches, soups, salads, and even pastas are available for lunch and dinner. Heads up, the sandwiches are huge.Services is friendly, wifi info is on menu board by register, and seating/dining area is spacious and well decorated-  I especially like the couches and leather chairs, and the potted fake cactuses in coffee beans on the tables! Very cute.Will have to come back here and try foods, then update my review accordingly.
5	Amazing place!!!!!!!!Great place to study, they give student discounts!!! Coffee, pastries, sandwiches, smoothies, ICE CREAM, and DESSERTS... How can you go wrong? Plus, free wifi!!! And they roast their own coffee here! This is awesome! Cute set up, comfy atmosphere, and mellow music. Love this place!
1	Every. Single. Time. I come here the service is AWFUL! Not exaggerating. Not once, not twice, not three or four but multiple! If I didn't come to this shopping center I would never come back. I don't know who runs this place but they hire the same idiots over and over again. I'm not too picky but when I order a bagel and cream cheese I don't expect you to put it in a box right out of the case and give it to me. You toast it first then put cream cheese on it, right?? Wow. I'm utterly dumbfounded by their inability to offer any sort of service. Its always slow. Consistently slow. Maybe if you hire compitent  people your employee turnover wouldn't be so high and you would have more business! Just sayin..
2	Waited 15 minutes for my iced cafe mocha. On top of that took another 15ml minutes for my sub & bread bowl soup to come out. Were they busy? Nope. Was it worth waiting? Not quite. I really wanted to leave and I usually would but I paid already so BOO. But food and coffee was decent enough to feed my starving face. Tummy is full and I guess it wasn't all that bad after all. They just need proper training. That is all.
3	Ok this place has a certain cozy charm and the coffee is pretty good but service is SLOW. The place was empty when I ordered a panini. It took almost 15 mins to get it. The three employees behind the counter were nice but in no hurry to make my order. The food is good, but don't come in a rush or you will be frustrated.
3	I've never noticed this place before, until a recent trip next door to Burlington. I came for some libations with friends after shopping. I got a soy ice chai latte. It was fine, just a bit heavy on the cinnamon spice in it so I wasn't a particular fan of this chai, but it was prepared well enough. The one thing that is cool about this place is they have a selection of whole coffee beans and can fresh grind coffee by the pound and also had a good selection of whole leaf teas for sale. Of course, you can get these same beans and teas in their drinks so you get a lot of selections in that aspect compared to most coffee shops.This place is rather large and wasn't busy. It's a good quiet place for those looking for a work study place away from the popular crowded spots. I'll probably try it again and give a chance to more of their drink selections involving the said coffee or teas. The chai wasn't my particular jam, but perhaps something else on the menu will be wonderful.
3	Nice whole in the wall place I found after my Burlington shopping.  Walked in and diner music playing. Great vibe. Wifi weak or just not strong enough.  Great selection of eats, tea and coffee.  Even ice cream. The also roast coffee and grind fresh. Muffins are moist. I would come back again. They are closed Sundays.  Clean and spacious.
5	Love this place.  Delicious food, huge servings, great tea and coffee, nice staff. Simply good place to stop by.  It is so romantic and I love to stop for tea with my wife.
5	It's a quiet spot, but plenty of table & chairs for groups. Yet, it has comfy chairs pulled up to coffee table, just the right size to eat your sandwich or use it to bring your laptop to work/study.
5	Some of the best coffee I have ever had in my life! It's delicious without an overpowering [bold] taste. I tried it once and have been hooked ever since. My co-workers and I drink the latte's and frappucino (is that how you spell it?) at least 3x a week. They will deliver with $15 min if your are in close radius. The pastries and bagels are amazing and the croissants are so buttery and flaky! What a sin to be so delicious
5	Delicious decaf Frappuccino"s and Latte's! The muffins are to die for...especially the Butterscotch Rum and the Apple Muffins.  The staff and the owner is friendly. The owner offered us two complimentary muffins because we had to wait longer to get our coffee drinks due to them being short-staffed. Great place to relax and enjoy your coffee...enjoy a meal or a treat...chat with friends...study or just bum-off their wi-fi. They do have their busy times so...just be patient and you will be deliciously rewarded.
5	This place is great! They have so many different coffee drinks and tea combinations.  The staff is really friendly and go above and beyond when it comes to customer service.  I work near by and can't get out of the office much to get there but they're kind enough to bring me my favorite coffee and a delicious croissant.  They have great muffins and other food items all made in house as well.  Happy to have found them:)
5	I have this cafe on speed dial! I call them on my way to work all the time and make my order to pick up -- way better than waiting in line at those other coffee places. They have great prices and a great selection of coffee and tea. They offer a breakfast and lunch menu, and they deliver when they have the available staff.Their mocha lattes are the best I've had anywhere, and I always get one of their awesome muffins.
4	I always forget about this place, probably because it's in such an unassuming location. A friend and I had lunch there today and she is a regular patron so she ordered. We split a 12" eggplant sandwich Pannini style and shared a pot of oolong tea. Awesome! We sat in those cushy chairs which probably isn't a good idea for lunch. Way too comfy!The staff was very helpful and stopped by to apologize for the wait - but we already knew that making a good eggplant sandwich from scratch takes a little while.Having our own little pot of tea on a warmer and served with nice cups was a real treat. I love tea so I could spend a day there working my way through the menu.If you're looking for an alternative to Starbucks where you can relax, chat, work, study, or meet friends this is a great choice.
4	Fantastic coffee and tea. Service is slow (mainly due to being perpetually short staffed) but always cheerful and helpful. Comfy chairs and arrangement of space is great for group meetings for school. The muffins and pastries are made in house and are perfectly moist and flavored. If you are interested in quality, I have yet to find a better coffee or tea place. If you are in a rush go somewhere else and come back when you have a little time to savor.
