1	I called to inquire about their menu and was meet with some resistance. the person who answered the phone would only tell me to come in and see the decor and and menu. i thought it was a joke and asked again but to no avail didn't get anywhere. this place put a bad taste in my mouth...ssh.
2	i cant bash this place since i am persian, but it really needs some help. they need to be on kitchen nightmares with gordan ramsey haha. i liked the food, it wasnt how my dad and his friends make but its still pretty decent
4	I really like Persian food and this place is tops for me in Las Vegas! The service can be mediocre at times but most of the time its not that busy.  Love the khoobideh!  Very delightful atmosphere!
5	I am so surprised by the negative reviews of this place.  My experience here was fabulous - great service, very clean place, and excellent food. When I was in Vegas in December, my dad and I saw an ad in the yellow pages in our hotel for Habib's.  Being Persian and constantly craving Persian food, I asked my dad (who is from Iran) to go with me.We came here for lunch, and ordered entirely too much food.  We started off with must o'khiar to dip the bread in, and it was fantastic.  I ate too much bread though, which is probably why I left here feeling so painfully full.  We also each got doogh (a yogurt drink) which is carbonated - again, probably contributed to the fullness.  He got kabobs of some sort (I can't remember what kind), while I ordered koresht fesenjan (chicken in a pomegranate and walnut sauce).  It was absolutely delicious, and I was sad that I was too full to finish it.  So I got the rest of it to go and gave it to my dad, since he was flying out that day and could eat some while at the airport.  The total bill was $48, which was quite expensive for lunch for two, but like I said, we ordered way too much food, considering it was lunchtime.  But the quality of the food was fantastic, and Habib came over and talked to us quite a bit and made sure everything was to our liking.  There were quite a few people that came in who you could tell were regulars - they were greeted like they were old friends.Also check out the market section - they have a large variety of food (some of which we have trouble finding in Florida), so we spent some money in there as well :)
4	I have been to Habib's a couple of times and like the place.The kebabs are up to snuff.  One basic place everyone will want to start out at when tasting Persian cuisine is the Koobideh.  If you're Persian you will know right away whether the rest of the menu items will be good and if a follow on visit is needed.  If you are American (and are meat eater like me) it's a safe dish to go with.  I can tell you the Koobideh at Habib's is very good.  The Basmati rice served at this place is also perfect.  Don't forget the Maast-o Khiar either.  It's another standard to tell you not only how they prepare the food, but also how they hold the items prepared for the day.  A good Maast-o Khiar like the one served at Habib's is always a pleasure.The Ghormeh Sabzi served was also good.  I would have preferred some lamb in the stew as well.  But a vegetarian Ghormeh Sabzi is always delicious stew.  For you dyed in the wool American out give this dish a chance.  It may look super dark green like overcooked spinach, but the flavor is definitely tasty and nothing like spinach.   For those reading this review I am not Persian.  But I did fall in love with the food and now cook a wide range of Persian meals often at home.  Habib is not a strictly Persian place as evidenced by having hummus on the menu.  Some of the dishes are a little Americanized to bridge the gap.  But I would say this a decent place to start your love affair with Persian cooking.Though it's not on the menu you should ask for a serving of Tadig to go along with the stews.  This portion of the basmati rice preparation is a great compliment to the stew. As it's been mentioned Habib's interior does have a few failing points.  And the location itself can be easy to miss when tying to find it.  But remember that you came for the food and enjoy yourself.
1	i am not persian but embarressed to see the wine called royal kirre..shouldnt be there royal kir??come on...be nice..filemignone was not very bad but nothing compare to atlantas rumis..
2	The food is decent enough but the service is quite bad. The owner is obviously an unhappy person that doesn't treat his employees well no matter who is around. We had a flyer that offered a free bottle of wine with two entrees. When we enquired about it the owner said we had to spend $50 each person in order to get it, amazing.
4	Been eating here for 3+ yrs.  The chelow kabob is great whether you prefer Beef Koobideh, Beef Barg, or any of the chicken kabob.  The salad shirazi is also very good and the rice is something to really enjoy, specifically "tadig"!
4	We attended the grand opening last night of Habib's new location across the street.  It is a much more nicely appointed venue and very large inside.  The market is actually smaller that the old location but still adequate.Many dignitaries were in attendance including Mayor Goodman & Sheriff Doug Gillespie.  The beef kabob was terrific along with the excellent chicken kabob.  Add to that good rice tadig, two very flavorful khorish (stews) and a tasty salad shirazi.A belly dancer worked the room along with a great bevy of traditional persian music.Being a huge fan of persian cuisine, I have to say every visit is at least 4 stars.
5	Been going here for years, every time in Vegas.  Came to the new location and was pleasantly surprised.  Great lay out and vibe!The food is the best you'll find in the area for Persian.  I recommend the Grilled Chicken Kabob.
5	A series of controversial reviews made me hesitate about this place in the beginning but I'm happy that I decided to check it for myself. The food was excellent, the price was reasonable and the restaurant was clean and elegant. I loved the Koobideh which is by far the best I've had in the Persian restaurants in the States.  Definitely will go again at my next trip to Vegas.
4	Great food and probably the best atmosphere of any Persian restaurant!Make sure you ask for the price of specials before you order as the stews were far more expensive than the kabob on the menu.  Approximately double the price.They bake their own bread, which was fantastic.  The Fesenjoon and Gheimeh Bademjan were delicious!
5	Nicest Persian restaurant I have ever been to outside of Iran !
1	This was the worst Persian food I have ever had. The service was even worse than the food. I will never go there again, I have been in many persian restaurants in LA and the Bay Area, this one stands at the bottom of the list. I recommend anything else but Habib.
1	Avoid it. Owner is crazy and does not treat customers with respect.
4	This place is spotless, the decor is just amazing. Persian Rugs, Beautiful art and marble. The food is very good. The rice and filet are amazing! The Bread is fresh baked too.
1	I had heard some things about the owner (Habib) saying that he was a rude person etc etc. During the time I lived in Las Vegas I dined there 2 or 3 times and didn't experience anything too bad BUT during my last visit during a trip to Las Vegas I had an experience with the owner that makes me doubt that I will ever be going back again. I had always heard that the owner was rude and finally saw it with my own eyes.Habib was taking our order. My mother asked if the fish was fresh and Habib said yes. My father asked again in the most polite words and soft spoken, friendly, respectful tone of voice if the fish was fresh or fresh frozen (my dad eats a lot of fish!)? Habib SNAPPED back in a rude, confrontational and aggressive tone of voice and said "I already answered you once! I do not need your business!" I was frankly shocked. This was after my father had earlier paid him a compliment on his restaurant when we first got there. Frankly it ruined our mood, our meal and whole evening. My mother at this point preferred to leave but we were already there, settled in, tired from travel and we stayed and ate our food.The persian food here is reasonably good. Nothing spectacular but not disappointing. The prices are high for what is offered though. There are other places in town with better persian food (see reviews for Royal Persis and form your own opinion) but the physical location etc is not quite as nice, although my limited interactions with the owner there have been pretty pleasant. The inside of Habib's is more upscale, say, if you wanted to bring a guest from out of town, but frankly with an owner that can pop off at any moment does it really matter? He can ruin any physical attributes the restaurant has with a few words.The other wait staff were pretty friendly. I think they may know that the owner acts the way he does and may try to make up for it (or are just trying to avoid pissing him off themselves).
5	We had low expectations due to the reviews We read on yelp. We were really craving Persian food so we decided to give it a try. We pulled into the parking lot and entered through the market.once we made it to the restaurant I was really surprised at how nice the decor was. This was comparable to some of Las Vegas's finest dining and we are big foodie 's and been to them all. The owner kindly sat us in a booth. That even had fresh roses.  The owner gave us two menus and explained in detail what he offered. We started off with a traditional dish  tadik that was amazing. I ordered the chicken soltani which is a combo plate of bone in chicken and ground  beef style kabob called  kubideh. The food was aboslutely amazing. The owner insisted we try each dish as he waited for our approval. We also ordered the yogurt w cuccumber's to mix in with the rice and all I can say is yum! We will def be back for more Persian. As we gathered the bill the owner even brought me a fresh long stem rose to take home and offered us a tray of mints as a dessert. Not sure how these other reviews received bad service. The owner was very kind and I saw the same service offered to the other 3 tables that dined. If you are craving Persian head to Habib's! You won't be disappointed
4	Very good food but not a place to go if you are in a hurry. Habib is a very gracious host and explains the entire menu to you if you are a first timer.  It is a very nice restaurant with classy decor. Definately a good place for a fancier dinner date or somewhere to go if you plan on having a conversation with your dinner companions. All of the reccomendations by Habib were wonderful dishes.  I had the lamb and it was so moist and tender and the rice was a fantastic combination of spices and herbs like I've never had before.  The hummus was ok and the pita bread warm and fresh. If I'm in Vegas again I would definately go back.
5	After some of the negative reviews about this place an the owner I was quite reluctant to go but these reviews couldn't be further from the truth. The owner Chef Habib is one of the most welcoming and warmest  people I have ever met. He made me and my family feel like one of his own. The service in the bar and restaurant was excellent. As far as the food was concerned it is the best Persian food I have tasted in the USA with out a doubt the stews and the kabobs have so much flavor there mouth watering and all the bread is all baked fresh everyday on property which is a great thing for any restaurant to have not many places can say this. Also try the pistachio icecream it's amazing and made on  there property to. So as far as Persian and middle eastern restaurants in las Vegas are concerned Habibs is a must go and try.
5	By far the best Persian cuisine that I have ever had in the US!! I was yearning for Persian food so my friend and I decided to come to Habib's. The ambiance was great. The way the restaurant was decorated was very chic and upscale. My friend and I both ordered the soltani, and mast musir. The owner was a gentleman. He came to our table and greeted us just like you would greet a guest in your own home. The food came out promptly. The kabob was tender and juicy. By far the best I have ever had! We live in San Francisco and wish that Habib's would open up a location in San Francisco. At the end of our dinner, the owner brought my friend and I a rose as a gesture of his appreciation. It was very sweet of him. So don't listen to the negative reviews, go to Habib's and see for yourself. Thank you Habib's Persian Cuisine for your great hospitality. When, we come back to Vegas, we will sure be coming back here again :)
5	I wasn't sure what to expect based on previous reviews but I really enjoyed this place.The location is big, very clean, and the tables are set elegantly.  We had a waiter and the owner both taking care of us (the place was empty at 6pm on Friday).  I can see why people don't like the owner - he has a VERY dry sense of humor.  Personally, I found him really funny and he treated us well even though we tried his patience by asking the same questions over and over (menu is a little confusing and if you don't pay attention you'll forget which item you thought you wanted). The waiter didn't do much more than bring drinks and bread but he was very well trained and very attentive to our needs.I would definately recommend trying it at least once.
1	NO STAR! Went to Habib's with my elder parents/family, Habib the owner also server snapped impatiently right when we walked-in to get seated.  He seemed to be having a bad day and took it out on my parents and I.  He took my moms order and when my mom mentioned she does not want her food overly cooked he was impatient and rude.  My dad wanted to get seated over by the window and he was denied.  When he asked for an explanation, Habib said to him I'm diabetic and can not carry the food from the kitchen to the widow seat near the entry where my dad preferred to get seated.  Habib said to my dad I'm the owner also management here and I won't allow you to sit there if you don't like it then leave.  By then Habib had taken five of our orders, when it was my turn to order, I was the only one at the table who's order was not taken by Habib, taken-back by Habib's rude behavior I set down the menu and didn't want to order food, therefore, he asked me to leave on front of my family and raced to my seat as well as personal space as if he's going to hit me.  I got up, words were exchanged and he ran to the front grabbing a phone and threatening to call the police.  We were certainly not treated with any respect.I WOULD NOT RECOMMEND THIS RESTAURANT TO ANYONE.  Habib is a rude jerk and don't know what else to say. That was 30 minutes into our arrival to Las Vegas and starting our family vacation.
4	This place is absolutely gorgeous inside and the food matches it! Great food,BUT pricey. I would have given it five stars if it weren't so expensive.
5	This place is a must go for all epicureans! A real must go! We has the pomegranate marinated chicken and the lamb shanks ant they were perfect! but first the dolmas were served  warm and with that squeeze of lemon juice were out of this world! The tabuli was made perfect and so flavorful. The yogurt cucumber salad  made Anet GO WILD! BUT WAIT befor the meal Habib himself came to our table and explained every dish on the menu, I mean every dish! when he is done describing the dishes I wanted one of everything, everything really! This place is classy, from the way the food is served and prepared down to the floor that is polished like a mirror to reflective quality. The man has opinion and a dry sense of humor and will challenge opinions that need to be challenged! The customer is not always right in this place Habib is right, and he truly is. He is charming and has a forever twinkle in his eye that is indeed lovable! He has old customs like serving the the ladies a bite of food and the long stem rose he presented her with on the way out was a great touch. He even offered us complimentary baklava and we were to full to even accept. all in all a must go for epicureans!
1	The owner was absolutely rude. I came with 3 friends, he was acting as if we own him for coming there. Food was ok, not the best persian food i tried but not the worse. Too bad the owner does ruin his business with his attitude because i would of came back if it wasnt for horrible service i received. Too bad he lost 4 customers because none of us will support this business
4	Almost in the middle of no where in Vegas! We had to take a cab to get there unfortunately but the food was good. A bit pricey I think but I'll eat there again if i ever visit Vegas and am in the mood of Persian food.
4	Family was on that side of town- random, decided to try it. What a pleasant surprise, when we walked in it wasn't very crowded but when we asked to see the menu, the gentleman up front was so very friendly and accommodating, explaining every thing to us- that I couldn't wait to sit down. The food was delicious and if in that area again, I wold totally hit it. Service here was top notch, warm friendly-
3	My husband and I came here on a trip out to vegas from Michigan, and wanted to try what Vegas Persian food had to offer.... I read numerous reviews before deciding on going to Habibs, even though I was a bit scared to catch the owner on a bad day :). Well we came in, and were pretty much the only ones there. The decor is very nice, and elegant do kudos on them for that. My husband ordered the sultani and I ordered the Fesenjoon. We also ordered the kashke bedemjan as an appetizer and Doogh ( yogurt soda drink) to drink. Ok... well the Kabob Koobideh portion of the sultani was dry, the sultani was dry, so as far as kabob here, neither of us were fans. The kashke bademjan literally tasted OLD. Im talking like, it was sitting in the fridge prepared for three days just waiting for someone to order it..... that was a big disappointment. The doogh wad very bland, and I needed to add more salt to it to make it drinkable. The fesenjoon however was VERY good, even though it did not taste like traditional fesenjoon, it was excellent.... so based on the fesenjoon and the decor im giving them 3 stars, and also the owner was not there that day... he was on a trip out to California apprently, but the gentleman who was managing the restaurant that day was very nice.
5	Excellent place for family. Good food & service.
1	I took a party of 6 friends and co-workers there last week when attending a tradeshow in Vegas ... I will never do that again!Biggest issue:  The bill came and I noticed just about 30% added to the bill as "tax" ... yes, 30%!  When I asked the server about it, he said that that includes 18% as service fee and 8.1% as tax ... and that that is explained in the menu.  I have several issues with this:1. Shame on me for not reading the menu and the fine print ... my mistake, but if you are reading this review, you don't have to make this mistake.2. Why am I forced to leave an 18% tip?  The tip is not at my discretion.  If the server is not helpful, I can't express myself in any way.  3. Why is listed as "tax"?  I bet you most people do not even see it and add tip on top of it automatically!!!  That is stealing!4. Now, it gets worse:  I asked the server that if there is an 18% service fee plus an 8.1% tax, that adds up to 26.1%.  So, why is there an almost 30% charge?  They add 8.1% to the bill and then they add 18% tip on top of it.  So, the effective percentage for tip is higher than 18%.Food:  It was no special in any way.  I am very familiar with Persian food.  I have had it in many cities and many countries.  I look for Persian restaurants everywhere I go.  This restaurant is not bad but it is not good either.  The food in NO WAY justifies the prices they charge!  I had chicken with bones, and it was not cooked well.  For appetizer, we had tadig which the crispy rice that is cooked in the bottom of the pan, and we had it with two kinds of stew.  Tadig was good but not enough for 6 people.  Stews were OK, but again not special.Service:  It was OK.  The server was not really pleasant: smiling or welcoming.  He was not rude or anything, but I felt like we were bothering him being there.  And the place was not busy.  The service in NO WAY justified more than 18% in tip.  But think about it the guy didn't care because he knew he will get his tip any way.  I will not recommend this place:  not for food, not for service and not for being overcharged!
4	Stop by for lunch based on Yelp reviews. Tasty food and OUTSTANDING customer service. The owner himself waited on us. Food was delivered promptly. Plates were nicely arranged.  Food very good. The price was very good for quality and service. I was given a long stem red rose upon leaving! I think this experience was a surprising highlight of my business trip.Can't praise the service enough. You just don't get this type of service anymore.
5	Best persian food ever.WOW!Possibly the BEST Persian food I've EVER had.Their kabab Bargs are to die for.  LITERALLY! We ordered sabzi plate , Mast Musir ,Salad shirazi with the bread as appetizer.OMG!After the first bite, my face was like a cartoon; my jaw dropped, my tongue rolled out, and I was salivating.  Seriously, it's just that good.I really really recommend this place .l 5 diamond Star
1	Habibbbbbb is the rudest, meanest, uglyist, guy I have ever seen as a owner of restaurant. He treats his persian customer so badly, like he is living in Iran or Afghanestan.  He thinks persian people here don't have any right in his restaurant.  last time we were a party of 10 . waiting 2 hours , not that it was crowded , but because he just had one waiter.  the worker are terrified of him.  The food has very low quality, small portion , uncooked, but the price was so high. He charged 35% gratitude which comes with the bill and we had no choice , but to pay.  Bad experience , never go back and don't suggested to anyone. don't let the environment follish you.
1	First if there is a way to give zero stars, I would give it. I took my friends with his kids and my family there for lunch while visiting the city for a trade show. Shame on me for not reading the reviews!Waiter: The waiter, like others reported on their reviews, was the owner. He was rude, impatient and not interested in providing a traditional service. My son is only tow years old, and ordering a whole meal would have been a waste. So, I politely asked if I could have an extra plate. Waiter was fast to add that he charges $5 for sharing a plate. The first time I heard of such foolish charge.  Our table was in an area where the waiter couldn't reach three of my guests, and we told him that we can pass things down to him. He got upset and made a snappy remark. Food:  The food was about average.  Most of us ordered the same dish, and we all had meat that were not cooked all the way. We mentioned it to him at the end of our meal just to bring it to his attention. All and all the experience was horrible, and I do t recommend this to anyone.
1	Disgusting food dirty food nasty people habib the owner is very cheap and charge extra for the food don't come here you get treated like crap wait 2 hours for nothing and get overcharged DO NOT COME HERE FAKE PERSIAN CUSINE THIS PLACE IS AN EMBARESSMENT
4	I don't know why the other reviewers gave this place  a bad review. I'm from South Orange County California ...being Persian,  I know about Persian food. The food is comparable to what you would get in LA or Orange County and the atmosphere was delightful. From the beautiful decorations and the restaurant furniture, everything was done very classy inside. Like I said earlier, the food is comparable to what you would get in LA or Orange County, but I believe the food is  a little better in California. The service was good and professional, I even spoke to the owner, he didn't sound angry or upset, in fact, he was very pleasant and helpful. Overall I recommend this place.
1	It was 4:00 pm when we got there. It is a very nice place . But Nobody was in the front desk like 5 minutes. A young boy who doesn't know anything about being a waiter showed up. Led us to a table . then we waited like 15 min to be taken an order. Finally , after 35 min we received our lunch while it was not fresh.we asked for the owner after 10 min he showed up. The owner couldn't stand to even listen our opinion.Any way , i don't recommend expecting good service over there.
5	Four of us had a wonderful evening at Habib's.  It was our first visit. The restaurant is lovely, and prices are reasonable for this quality of restaurant (table linens, a good wine  list, appropriate stemware for quality wines, etc). This is not a jeans and t-shirt place. Understand that this is ethnic dining at its best, and the proprietor will be personally involved in your experience. He will visit your table often. He explains menu items and preparations in detail, so don't be afraid to ask.Others have complimented  the oven bread that comes out first with a little bowl of shirazi (marinated chopped cucumber,tomato and onion ), but the eggplant appetizer (borani) was truly outstanding. My husband who, is more familiar with Persian cuisine, selected  a well-known dish after his eggplant, the  chelo kabab koobideh (ground beef filet, char broiled tomato and rice) plate, and he was very pleased. Yogurt on the side  completed the flavors of the dish. We asked Mr. Habib to describe the special meals he offers in addition to the shish kabob plates. These Persian specialties are not pictured on the menu supplement, but be sure to ask about them if you are interested in a dining adventure.  The chicken with bayberry pilaf was especially good. I was happy with my chicken in pomegranate and walnut sauce, a dark savory stew which is served over pilaf.   One of our party was unhappy with her choice and Mr. Habib quickly and graciously replaced it. He wanted us to be satisfied. We truly felt like a guest in his home. We kept a little tummy space for dessert to end a perfect meal, sharing  an order of baklava and a flan which the waiter torched table-side to caramelize the sugar crust.We will be back.
5	Been coming to Habibs for years now.. Never once have had a bad experience. The food is ALWAYS beyond amazing! The ghormeh sabzi is the best I've ever had, so tasteful I can never get enough! Their koobideh is to die for and the chicken kabob is always juicy and delicious!!! Cannot forget the homemade bread that comes before it all, yumm!!!! Habib is always friendly and welcoming! Great service!! He always gives my sister and I roses before we leave, one of my favorite restaurants in town!
5	I'm a frequent traveler to Las Vegas, my favorite Persian restaurant is Habib's.  I've visited many Persian restaurants across the US, this is the most beautiful.  The quality of the food is suburb and Habib is always happy to accommodate special requests.
5	I laugh at the ignorant reviews from the fragile people whom base everything on there desired style of service. Habib was straight to the point, genuine, and welcoming. This is because I allowed him to give me his style of service. The food was outstanding! I will bring him business because it was that good.
3	Habib's Persian Cuisine, an Iranian restaurant is located on 2579 S Decatur andSahara.  The restaurant looks elegant and impeccably clean. There was no other customers but our table. During that time we were told they moved and this is a new location that has not been advertised yet. They have a cute little Persian market in the back of the restaurant. The food was okay. I want to go back and try more dishes.
5	Habib is definitely one of my favorite restaurants in Las Vegas. Everytime we dine here they are just spot on. Would recommend Habib to everyone. Don't forget to say hello to Habib a very hospitably host.
5	I like the place inside nice designed,  I ordered soltani it was good, mahicheh was good too my partner ordered. .definitely I will come back here
3	I was visiting Las Vegas over the holidays.  By recommendations, I stopped by Habib's.   I felt that the food was over priced.  I ordered Sultani ($27) which consists of one skewer of kobideh and one skewer of steak.   The steak was made well but kobideh's tasted terible.  I am not sure what was mixed in the beef for Kobideh.   The atmospher was pretty typical of that of.  LIranian restaurants.   The service was not very well as the waiters appeared to need more training.   For instance, while still eating, tea was servered.
