5	This is seriously the greatest BBQ I have ever had! I used Sin City Smokers to cater an event at my investment office in Las Vegas. They showed up with the huge BBQ smoker rig too! All of the portions were plenty and everyone couldn't stop talking about the food for days.  I definitely recommend getting the "5 cheese smackeroni and cheese" Thanks Sin City Smokers!
5	Fantastic Food!!
5	I used Sin City Smokers for events ranging from community service for our fraternity, UNLV rebel tailgates, and even an event to showcase the UNLV campus to Administration and students from Singapore. Every person at every event loved the food and the atmosphere that the set up created. The staff and management were always there to answer any questions and the set-up and execution of the event was on fantastic, never had any worries, they were spot on. I would recommend Sin CIty Smokers for there professionalism and consistency and competitive prices. I now manage a Catering Company (Plaza Catering) in KC and Denver and can say that Sin CIty Smokers was and is a good one.
5	Amaaaaaaazinggggg!!! I could eat this every day for the rest of my life and be totally happy!
5	Take this from a true BBQ fan you will not find better than this anywhere!! I have been fortunate enough to have enjoyed Sin City Smokers multiple times. Each time the Chef prepared the food at competition level quality. I would highly recommend them to anyone. In fact as far as I am concerned this is the only BBQ worth eating. Oh and I agree with Chris O. The "5 cheese smackeroni and cheese" is of the charts good!!
5	Sin City Smokers makes the most amazing BBQ! The steaks and ribs were seasoned and cooked perfectly! Steve and Shirley were also super cool. Highly recommended!
2	We used Sin City Smokers for our company bar b que picnic.  It was delicious.  They brought so much food  we got to eat sumptously twice.   Highly recommended.
5	I was a little concerned since I hired Sin City Smokers for my husband's party and never  having actually tasted their food. I was so happy with the communication, timely arrival and set up and break down. But what I was extremely happy with was the food, the ribs were sooooooo good, my guests kept talking about them through out the party. It was a themed party, Gilligans Island and I had so much going on that the last thing I wanted to worry about was the food. Everything was delicious ! Highly recommend them!
5	I used Sin City Smokers for a last min catering company for a party we where getting ready to host,and boy did they knock it out of the park. Not only was the communication on point,but the food was amazing! I would highly recommend using them for any events you have coming up!  Thanks Steve and crew for your awesome service!
5	Hired for an outdoor party and they were really great! Showed up on time and set up everything! All my guests and the birthday boy loved the food. They do everything and give you one less thing to worry about! Very reasonably priced and worth every penny!
