4	Wal mart Neighborhood Store - These mini Wal Marts are all over the Las Vegas area. They are open 24/7 except Christmas. The night employees do a lot of stocking and cleaning but can ring you up or answer a question. These are more like a small Albertson's or Vons, with Wal Mart prices and emphasizes food items. There are no lawn mowers, televisions. appliances, nor clothing of their Supercenters. This store has none of the ghetto, dirty, barf on the floor smells of the Craig St. Wal Mart Supercenter.  They have a few of a lot of items. Prices are usually the same as their Supercenter stores. For example, their whole chicken is regularly 79 cents a pound, an 18 pack of large eggs are $2.49, and they carry most of the Wal Mart line of generic medicines like ibuprofen (generic Advil), calcium tablets, bandages, cough medicines  that are far cheaper than anyone else.  To get more items in a smaller store, they stack things up on higher shelves.  Employees will be glad to help but you have to wait.  SoI often have old ladies ask me to get something off the high shelves. though I am only 5''7". On preparing for a feast on holidays like Thanksgiving and Christmas Eve, this store is a savior.  You can get in and out within a hour, but when they have their self serve line, I've been in and out in 10 minutes buying five items.  They have a small deli, small bakery,  bottled water machine in store, a pharmacy, clean bathrooms, and some seasonal sales, like bedding plants in spring, pumpkins galore during Halloween,  and pointsettias and Christmas trees in December.  The $8.00 pointsettias were $1.00 on Christmas Eve, and the cheapskates were buying several as gifts.  Employees are pretty nice, and willing to help you find something if you need it.  Overall, I am a fan.  This is less than a mile from my relatives, and am so glad they're around.And so far, like many Vegas grocery and dept. stores, there aren['t any one armed bandit gambling machines.
4	I love it, because its better than going to a actual Walmart when you just need a few items. Store was well lit, and stocked. And the employees were friendly and worked fast.
4	I like to go here early in the morning because it is quiet.  You can get what you need quickly without the drama of going to the big Wally World on Decatur.  I only go to the big one if I absolutely cannot avoid it.They almost everything you would need so check it out!  Plus it's right next to my gym so it's super coveinent!!
4	So prefer this over the super center on decatur. Ready to navigate and well laid out.
5	I feel like this is an average, good Walmart! When I buy something, it exceeds my expectations lol. I buy dinner here a lot when I run out of money, and the hot wings are my favorite! It's got a pharmacy and 2 redbox machines inside. This store is probs the gem of the corner of stores that surround it ;)
2	I go to this Walmart just because it is so close to my house and it's convenient when I need to make a quick run to the store. However, I find that often things I need are out of stock so it's super annoying when I drive there for something and they haven't stocked it. I feel like I have to go super early in the morning to make sure that I find what I need.
