4	This radio station is awesome.  Best rock/classic rock radio station in the valley. All DJs are excellent.  Check out Sludge and the crew for their morning show Monday thru Friday.
3	When I want to Rock-out I tune in to KDKB....it's hardcore rock baby!  When I head to the gym, I'll listen to this station to get me in that aggro-beast-mode.  They play all of the classics from my childhood to early 20's.  Metallica and Led Zeppelin get a lot of play on here and that's just fine by me.Return Factor - 66.6%
3	The first thing you need to know is that the format of this station changed at the end of 2014, so any reviews prior to that time are no longer relevant.  Currently the station is known as Alt AZ 93.3.  As you can tell by the name, the current format is alternative rock.  On the one hand, the format change should be good news.  Historically, Phoenix radio has been quite dreary and by and large the stations tend to be divided into very strict formats - with each song sounding essentially the same as all other songs on the playlist and anything that doesn't fit nice and easily into the rigid box doesn't get played.  In the late 80s/early 90s, KEYX and KUKQ dramatically changed the landscape.  This was a truly historic alternative station that's not only fondly remembered and missed but it also attracted national attention.  KUKQ went off the air around 1995.Fast forward 20 years (wow - has it been THAT long?) to Alt AZ.  The Valley has not only a new alternative rock station, but also one that's on one of the most powerful airwaves in the Valley.  This is something that's been desperately needed!  Just the fact that it's filling this void automatically gives this station at least three stars.But, the fact that it exists just simply isn't enough.  There are some very big problems with the station.  They fall into the same trap that a lot of alternative stations from the last decade or so have fallen into - they treat alternative music as a Brand.  And like any other format, the songs sound quite similar to each other and there's a rather sad lack of variety.  But yet that really goes against the whole concept of what an alternative station should be about (and why KUKQ was the legend it was.)  Alternative music is not about being trendy or safe; it's a reaction to the rigid programming and commercialism widely found in all other formats.  Alt AZ (at this time of writing) fails big time where this is concerned.  Their playlist and roster is extremely limited and predictable (a quality that absolutely should NEVER be associated with alternative radio.)  They play Foo Fighters, Hozier, Milky Chance, Tove Lo, Vance Joy, Bastille, Black Keys, Green Day, Imagine Dragons, Lorde, Muse, and Red Hot Chili Peppers ad naseum.  You'll also hear a good portion of alt-J, Andrew McMahon and the Wilderness, Arctic Monkeys, Banks, Big Data, Coldplay, Dirty Heads, Fitz & the Tantrums, Nirvana, Smashing Pumpkins, Sublime, and Weezer.  Not that anything is "wrong" with any of these artists per se - but that really is ALL they play.  End result:  the station sounds like it's the end result of a mass focus group - i reiterate, that's the exact opposite of what a good alternative station should do.  There desperately needs to be a huge influx of variety added.  I'd like to hope that the main reason they're failing in what should be their mission could be attributed to being new,  But even so the "New Card" is a very weak crutch and one they can't slide by on for very long.  Again, looking back at KUKQ, they were fantastic straight out of the gate,  They embraced all the various aspects and subgenres of alternative music - one could hear new wave, punk, manchester, grunge, rockabilly, electronica, acoustic, synthpop, world music, glam, industrial, progressive, shoegazing, 2 tone, gothic, indie, avant-garde and more; various eras and types all played alongside each other.  Alt AZ, if it ever hopes to succeed as an alternative station needs to learn from the master and embrace this diversity.In this day and age, radio stations aren't just in competition with the rest of the dial - they're also up against online sources of music.  Alt AZ needs to figure this out and quick because they're not giving listeners a REASON to tune in other than "we're an alt rock station."  Why yes, you are...and make no mistake, it's good there is one - but now let's kick it up and strive to be a GOOD alt rock station.  Give listeners something to be excited about when they tune in.  Right now, they're very much like a breakfast diner that only serves oatmeal and toast.  If it's breakfast you want, you can find it here but once inside, not only are you apt to be disappointed with the lack of selections but are also likely to get bored very quickly and probably won't return that often.  Unless Alt AZ starts adding much more variation to their playlist, they'll soon find that their target audience will be turning towards Pandora, Spotify, non-local alt stations online that are superior or tapes, cds and mp3s.Alt AZ largely is operating under the premise of "If you build it, they will come."  But the trick is not just to build it, but also to offer something of quality to entice those who have come to stay.  On the grand scheme of alternative stations, right now Alt AZ is little more than a Motel Six.  There's a bed, a bathroom, wallpaper, carpeting, but not much else.  Hopefully this situation is remedied soon or they may not last long.
