4	I've gotten pizza from here twice and it's been consistently good. The crust is thinner than your typical Pittsburgh pizza and it's a little chewy. Since I'm a fan of thin-crust, I thought it was great! The sauce is a little tangy, a little sweet and not at all chunky. My favorite thing about this pizza was definitely the cheese...I loved the flavor and the consistency. This is my new go-to pizza place! It's convenient (they deliver) and it is also reasonably priced.
1	Service is not only bad, it is hostile.  Will never ever go back.
3	Really solid neighborhood pizza. Definitely the best delivery pizza I've had in pittsburgh. More east coast style than pittsburgh style, which is a-ok in my book, not having had the pleasure of being weaned on aiellos.Thinner crust w/ some chew & char and not too much provolone in the cheese. And not too much cheese for that matter (I'm lookin at you minellos.)
4	Ha, I was just going to write "totally solid neighborhood pizza joint" which I see someone below has written. It is! Just walked in for the first time and got a slice of red sauce/pepperoni and white sauce/tomato, both tasty. They'd heated them up so the crust was crunchy.  Cheese blend on the white pizza was great. Reasonably priced, too.    A few tables to eat in, slices to go, also orders/delivery.  While I was there, I heard someone placing an intricate phone order (like the way Sally from When Harry Met Sally... ordered food) with items like "well done fries," and they seemed quite accommodating.  I will be back, especially if this winter is as bad as the last one.
5	I have only lived in Pittsburgh for 18 month and moved here from Boston. Pizzas can be very different across the country and it took until I found Fazio's to find what I considered a GREAT pizza. They are always pleasant when ordering and delivery is so convenient. I like my pizza's thin crust, well done, and light on the cheese (they really ad cheese so a normal is even too much for me). Although we are moving soon I will be ordering before we leave. This is one place I will miss about Pittsburgh. Thanks- Mr. Fazio
3	I would say that Fazio's is probably a small step ahead of Pesaro's. The pizza is a smidge crispier though delivery always results in a less crispy pizza than when you eat-in. I also like the steak hoagies. Service is quick and prompt and the food arrives piping hot. As others have noted - totally solid neighborhood pizza joint.
5	I work right up the street from the establishment.  There are a few choices for pizza joints in the area & I have been to them all. Consistently,  Johnny's customer service is excellent, he goes above and beyond to please you. His food is hot and fresh and one of my favorites. They are great for work parties too. He takes care of everything for you and his prices are more than competitive.  FIVE stars, no doubt about it.
5	If you want greasy, cheesy pepperoni pizza, this is THE place in Bloomfield, in my opinion. It is that gooey, pepperoni-y, mouthwateringly delicious kind of pizza. If you want a good salad, this is not your place. But for classic, greasy pizza -- Fazio's is as good as it gets!
5	We've tried pizza shop after pizza shop after pizza shop (yes, sadly, we actually that much pizza) since moving into the area and our quest for that one place that's worth a second taste may have finally come to an end!I can't speak for delivery quality, but each time I've gone in to for my pick-up order, I was greeted by the incredibly friendly guy - the owner, I presume - at the counter. I love shops with that neighborhoody feel. He knew everyone who came in to pick their orders up, and is really easy to chat with. If I was rating Fazio's on customer service it would be 5 easily, but the food is delicious, too!We've only had their cheese pizza and chicken parm hoagie, but both were excellent. The pizza crust is really thin, and they definitely don't skimp on the cheese. As other reviewers stated, if you want a traditional, greasy pie, this is one of the best places to sate your craving in Pittsburgh. Despite the thin crust, it's never been undercooked and soggy, and we haven't had to deal with a burnt crust, either. As for the hoagie...their rolls are delicious and really help make the sandwich. I can't wait to try some of their other hoagies, but for now, the chicken parm might be hard to pass up for me.Overall, Fazio's is the complete package for a pizza shop. Great customer service, a neighborhood vibe, and delicious, reasonably-priced food. You really can't' go wrong! Enjoy!
5	Thin, crispy crust, excellent quality cheese and not sweet sauce.
4	A solid neighborhood pizza joint. Decent pizza, hoagies are really good too. Pretty quick delivery and the employees are always nice. We try new places and always come back to Fazio's.
4	Exactly what I was looking for!  We got a medium and it was more than enough for 4 + leftovers.  Really good crust, sauce, toppings (cappicola).   There area ton of pizza places around here, but I'm not sure I will bother trying any others!
4	Good white pizza and its nice to have an option for sicilian. Good lunch specials, just wish they would offer white slices. Definitely above average pizza shop.
5	In my opinion, the best hand tossed thin crust pizza in Pittsburgh.  The wings are awesome if you like them crispy and sauce on the side like I do.  Hoagies are awesome too.  Everyone working is always friendly when myself and coworkers stop by for lunch.  They also have a nice little patio area in the back that's quiet and almost makes me forget I'm in the city.
5	My friends and I were searching for a simple, hole in the wall kinda pizza place. Fazio's was perfect! The staff was super nice and the food was good. It was hard to choose from all the fantastic sounding starters but we finally decided on fried zucchini and it was great. We ordered a white pizza with a bunch of toppings which was delicious. The crust was seriously some of the best I've ever had. Plus they have Coke (boo Pepsi) and free refills. My friends and I could not have been more pleased with our experience here!
5	We had Fazio's deliver dinner last week & I can say, that it is as good as any pizza I've eaten from the South Hills.  (If you know who I mean).  I ordered a large white pizza w/ mushrooms & extra cheese and a Italian hoagie.  Both were fresh & delish!  The extra cheese was not necessary.  There was enough leftover for dinner the following Monday.       The delivery person was very friendly & helpful.  This is my new go to pizza place and I live in an area that have plenty choices.
5	Ordered the provolone hoagie and bacon cheese fries. They were piping hot when they came and were delicious. Fazio's has some awesome Italian dressing for their subs. I ordered my food for delivery and it was there in 30 minutes as most places can take over an hour sometimes. I have lived in this area for 3 years and regret not trying Fazio's sooner! I will definitely be a repeat customer.
5	Fazio's is my fave takeout pizza joint in the burgh. Their white pizza is sooo good and that crust. We usually order a white pizza and salad for delivery and sadly the delivery man now recognizes me. NOT what you want happening. Really, that's all I have gotten from Fazio's becacause it is so good I never want to order anything else! Delivery is fast, service is friendly, food is cheap/yummy! What more could you want?
4	Fazio's has a secret: their Sicilian squares are pretty great--one of the closest squares I could find comparable to Brooklyn pizzerias, which is hard to find in the east end. their normal pie is ok but the Sicilian is leagues better. 2 cuts will only set you back about $5, a great deal.
1	Once again talk is cheap. Ordered a pizza at 8:30 was told 40min to deliver didn't get till 9:55. Oh I live 3 min walking distance. My fault for being lazy I guess.  On top of that pizza was burn on edge and like warm so dough has that soft not done taste. Total let down. Hate to say it but Dominos woulda been better. Haha that not true dominos sucks too. Cereal for dinner... Perfect.
4	Love love love Fazios as our neighborhood pizza place! Be ready to know what you want and order straightforward, they're not rude just the type of ship they run. Great lunch special of two slices and a drink $5! I have had wedges, salad, wings, hoagie and pizza and continue to order these over and over. It's a lil greasy but that's what makes it good! Right??
4	I really like their white pizza. In case you are like I was when I moved to Pittsburgh from CA (I had no idea what a white pizza was) it has: olive oil, ricotta, garlic, cheese and tomato. It is delicious with sausage or pepperoni on top. I was sad their prices went up a  little bit recently but they are still worth it.
4	Pizza is great, but a little on the salty side. However, it is one of the slower delivery services we use for Shadyside.Delivery was recently 20 minutes late on a day in the middle of the week and the guy on the phone was quite rude about it. Apparently, only "John" is capable of helping to resolve issues; you'd have to call back when he is working.
