3	After (intentionally) capsizing a sailboat in TTL, I spent a good 15 minutes floating in this giant puddle. And that was much, much too long. Gross.
2	This is a lake.  It has water in it.  It's not very clean water.  The lake police will yell at you if you let your dog swim in the water.That sucks.  I think it's semi-retarded to review a lake.
2	I give 2.5 stars because I *did* find a dead body floating in it once.Now, everytime I walk along TTL, I look for dead bodies.
3	I feel generous giving Tempe Town Lake 3 stars. I don't really "get" large bodies of water you can't swim in, unless I'm living large in a mansion on a man-made lake of course! That's the only time I kind of understand this weird phenomenon. the lake's redeeming quality is that over the next few years more businesses will sprout up around it, giving Tempe more of an urban feel. It'll be interesting to see how it changes the look and feel of the city. There's been so many failed proposals and business ventures to put condos, restaurants, and shopping around the lake. It's nice to see it finally coming to fruition, after 10 years of speculation. Aesthetically the lake is a little gross if you ask me. It would have been nice if instead of putting up gigantic concrete sides (which makes it look like a canal) they could have put some tiered greenery to make it appear more natural. It gets awfully muggy down there in July and August when the humidity is already bad. You walk anywhere close to the lake and you instantly start sweating from that gigantic body of water. I've wanted to check out the fireworks down there on the 4th of July but uhhh...I really don't want to sweat to death. I have to admit, it looks pretty cool at night when driving on the 202 and seeing the reflected city lights. Then again, doesn't everything look better in dim lighting?
4	I like coming to Tempe Town Lake to relax and walk around. It's quiet enough so that you can listen to the airplanes approaching . It's a good place to get to know someone special. This is the closest we'll get to "walks on the beach". It's just a good place to hang out. Enjoy the nice quiet site of the lake.
3	The reason for only three stars? Tempe Town Lake is in no way -- shape or form -- a lake. I know, I know, calling it Tempe Town Pond or Tempe Town Creek just doesn't have the same cache as Lake, but come on -- this is exactly why people make fun of us.  We get slack for having a pool in an enclosed baseball field, so what must they think when they see our urban "lake?"  It would make more sense to call it Tempe Town River, but I guess since it is basically a tepid hole of dammed water, you have to call it a "lake."  Don't get me wrong, it is a nice little city retreat, and I had a lovely time at the event I attending there. The park area is good-sized and the path around the "lake" is really cool. And ultimately it is a great place to go on a nice day with your kids, dogs or even on a date. I guess I should just enjoy it for what it is -- a sort-of-lake.
4	I think Tempe Town Lake deserves more credit. It's a nice "lake" in the city. Boating is nice and so are the illuminated bridges at night. But ultimately, it's an urban renewal project. What else can you want from it? So what, you can't swim in it. Who wants to swim in a lake anyway? Gross.
4	Pretty spot in the desert.  I think as far as urban renewel goes, they did a good job.  It's nice to walk around and watch the boaters.  At night it is very pretty.  Plenty of seating on the South side, we were able to relax and enjoy some out door time looking at water instead of desert.  They have some fun events here and it's a good place to take the family.
5	Tempe Town Lake is a destination and recognized as a top attraction for the state. It's not really a "lake," it is the Salt River that was dammed up in 1911. Walking across the historic Mill Ave bridge offers some beautiful views of the Tempe skyline and downtown Phoenix 20 miles to the west. The Tempe Center for the Arts is here, and is a masterpiece in and of itself. The light rail bridge bursts into colors with the LED light show. There is a baseball field, volleyball courts, hills for jogging and biking and skating, a splash playground, a marina, and public art. Lots of open space to throw a frisbee or play catch. A riparian habitat has been established on the west end past the Arts Center. How can one NOT like Town Lake? There is so much to do.I walk my dogs here a few times each week and my only complaint is that there is no fenced off dog park. You can walk from Rural Road to Priest, cross the bridge on Priest and walk all the way back to Rural Road without ever having to stop for a car, or a red light. If you love being outside and enjoying the beautiful Arizona weather then this is the place to be. Take the light rail to 3rd St and Mill and walk north and you'll see the entrance to this historic park. (Oh yeah, did I mention Tempe Beach Park has been around since the 20s?)
4	What a great location!  Tempe has given us a great gift in Tempe Town Lake, with options for many!  While as many point out, it's not much of a lake (there is no water-skiing!), it is such a better landmark than a flood/drainage area that is dry the majority of the time!  There is a path that surrounds the lake which is great for walking, and it also gives great biking access in the area.  I always enjoy watching the boaters and there are numerous locations for a nice relaxing picnic lunch (a much better way to spend an hour in the middle of the day!).
5	A body of water in the middle of the desert metropolis?Nice park areas on both sides?Pedestrian-friendly bridges?Light-rail accessibility?Well-maintained paths without cracked pavement, graffiti, or trash?A cool view of Sun Devil Stadium? (boo to that one - Cal fan here)Complete peace and solitude on a 70-degree Sunday morning in February?Nice job, Tempe!
4	Uhm, can't believe I hadn't reviewed this already. So I wanted to live near water and downtown. I heard out a magical desert lake, moved over there, and now it's my playground, study place, meditation station, bikeway, place to meet my neighbors...So I represent the south side, ha,  but I've played volleyball on the north side. Anyway, yup, it's pretty. I like the look of the salt river and the rushing water, and of course the ducks. I always see people fishing too but I've never seen anyone catch anything. Ok, that's my review. Check it out!
5	I love the lakes!  Yes it's a lake in the desert!  Dragon Boat, Outrigger, and Marathons!  It's the place to do it.  Not sure about the fishing part, but I do see people fishing there.  What are they trying to catch hmmm??  I enjoy running there on a nightly basis and so should you.  South side is probably the most scenic, but not to say the North side is bad.  If you're a fellow photographer I would definitely recommend this place during the evenings :)
2	We just bought a house with an evaporative cooler on it in Mesa.  The previous owners said that the building of Tempe town lake cut 3 months off of the time they could use the coolers due to the humidity being raised.  Also the dam has popped so there is no 'lake' at the moment.  That's a negative!
3	I made my first visit to Tempe Town Lake on yesterday (Christmas Eve)...and I was a little disappointed....a little surprised....and not really that impressed by the area overall. Now this is not say the atmosphere is not good...because I am sure doing the summer the place is a little more vibrant....but this time of year it was pretty bland to say the least. I did like the parks on both sides of the lake.....the fact that the light rail goes right over the lake and the stops are withing walking distance...and the nearby hill you can hike up and down was very fascinating. I am looking forward to doing a little fishing there at some point next year...but other than that that was my only real interest in Tempe Town Lake. Eat, Drink, and Be Merry my Friends!!
4	This is a scenic stretch of water in the metropolitan area - something I wish we had more of in this desert region. Even if you aren't into rowing or sailing, the Town Lake is a great place for biking, jogging, or bicycling because of the concrete paths on both the north shore and the south shore of the lake.  You can also have a picnic here, or just sit down and enjoy the breeze. The lake shore areas also provide a venue for numerous cultural and other community events throughout the year.
4	I like walking my dog along here at night on cool nights (humidity too much in summer).  I usually park by the arts center and am always fascinated by their water features.  Move towars the beach park and take in the lights on the bridge and light rail. Quick and easy but still peaceful.
5	Tempe Town Lake is one of the few places in Arizona that I can go to clear my mind. Granted it is not a true lake, but having grown up in Colorado, I will gladly frequent TTL.The designers made it very modern and convenient. The bridge lights up at night (great when walking back from Mill at 2am!)and the glow on the water is beautiful!There are doggy stations and water fountains every 1/4 mile, so your little one can always be 100%. If you park at the PAC and run to the end of the lake and back it is 3.5 miles - perfect way to start your morning. There are constantly events going on; art shows, concerts, carnivals, borgata etc. Writing this makes me wish I was still in AZ to experience it!
5	Some say it's not really a lake, well I don't think of the sandy areas of Michigan Lake as beaches in Chicago either, but at least it's a place where there's water in the Phoenix Metropolitan area.  I love rollerblading in the mornings around the lake and taking strolls in the evening especially in the fall.  One can even kayak or sail on the lake too. The light rail is close by therefore, if you are coming for Downtown Phoenix, you can hop on the train and travel to the lake and surrounding areas.  It's very clean and there's lots of festivals and events that happen here year round.  Definitely a place to visit if it's your first time in Phoenix.
5	The lake is a great addition to the downtown Tempe area. It adds a lot of character and is a huge improvement to the huge dry riverbed that once resided here. It's about 2 miles long and approximately 2 or 3 blocks wide and is open to both paddling and motorized boating. Be sure to check with the City of Tempe for regulations and fees related to boating on the lake. You can find the lake's administration office under the Mill Ave Bridge near Mill Ave and Washington.  I use to utilize this lake a lot several years ago when I would go kayaking. I absolutely loved that I had the opportunity to do that over my leisure time and not have to travel out of my way to take part in that activity. The lake is also home to many other leisurely outdoor activities within the metropolitan area. That's another thing that makes this lake so great. It is a central area for biking, running, rollerblading, etc. along the perimenter of the lake. For the most part, you can travel full circle; well, almot full circle as the east end of the lake doesn't have a way across. Furthermore, you'll find sand volleyball courts located on the north side of the lake and the marina to station your boat permanently and to launch into the water. There are also warm up stations located at the marina, which basically are rowing machines like what you find in a gym; however, I'm not sure if those are open to the public or are meant for classes. The south side of lake includes a play area for the kids and is where non-boating public events are held.Tempe Town Lake is also a central hub for many city-related activites such as concerts, athletic competitions, regattas, Octoberfest, and the city's 4th of July celebration. Be sure to check with Tempe's website for events occuring on the lake as it can effect plans you may have. I've subscribed to an email distribution list from the city that sends out updates of events that can interfere with my plans to go kayaking. Here's a caveat: even though the city says that the lake is clear for public use, parking can still be restricted for event use only.Moreover, the lake provides a central point for activity as well as provides the local community an opportunity to actually do something outside. It is also a great long term economic investment for the community as businesses and real estate open up surrounding the lake.
2	The lake is a nice addition to the local scenery, but the water is very dirty and the south edge by the dam is full of trash - What is it with this state and garbage????In January of 2011 a person went missing - A MONTH LATER, they pulled his body out of Tempe Town Lake - Disgusting!Don't even get me started on the rubber dam - You know, the one that broke a while back - Rubber dam.....Arizona heat & sun.......Who is the rocket scientist that thought that one up.....?The businesses around the lake are overly expensive.Look at the "lake" as you pass it on the loop 202 - Don't stop!
5	Tempe Town Lake is one of many reasons why I love living here. I've been to concerts and festivals here, Octoberfest being my favorite, and have had a great time every single time. I rented a boat here once and we had a good time just hanging out on the lake. The water isn't the cleanest but I don't think it was meant to swim in. The grounds are kept very clean and it's nice to see some grass amongst all the dirt you see in Arizona. My bf and I have made it a habit to ride our bikes from old town through the Papago bike trail. Every time we get friends to do the ride with us, they can't help but to love it. When it's just me and him, we park our bikes and do the jog around the whole lake when it's cooler temperatures. It has actually become my favorite workout, but hiking Camelback is close. I didn't think my opinion of Tempe Town Lake could get any better until I spent July 4th here. We got there early, around 6, and set up 2 blankets a bunch of chairs and a bbq. We played some board games and caught up with great conversations with friends. We even got to know some fellow BBQers and even played with the cutest baby from the picnic next to us. The fireworks show was AMAZING. The view of the fireworks over the water was breathtaking and being with the people I love was the icing on the cake.
5	I don't know what it is with people complaining about the cleanliness of the water at TTL. I work at (on) the lake coaching. The water quality is continuously tested by SRP because of the number of events & activities at the lake that involve swimming or getting wet. Splash & Dash, triathlons, stand-up-paddleboard & rowing (people fall in every once in awhile). They also have to keep it clean enough that the fish don't all die when they stock it. Thanks to the lake we have a lot more activities available to us: kayaking, SUP, rowing, dragon boating, outrigger canoe, fishing, boat rentals. I love the lake and would not be able to stand living in the desert without it!
5	"For God so loved the world, that he gave his only Son, that whoever believes in him should not perish but enjoy eternal lavishness in the waters of Tempe Town Lake."Where should I start?  Is it fishing for 3 eyed barracuda?  The tranquil atmosphere caused by a sudden draining of the lake?  Or is it the 100 ft. yachts and things?  Take your pick.Never mind the fact that the music video for "Hypnotize" was filmed at this majestic location, or that the light rail transports thousands of Phoenician residents across this vast body of water daily at a brisk pace of 5 mi/hr, TTL is a feeding ground for Arizona's finest gators (click on the link below).  Because as we all know, farmed fish are pricey these days!My favorite TTL moment was watching Kid Rock perform at the Tempe Music Festival in 2009.  If I'm 100% honest with you, I don't think it gets any better than standing next to that lake hearing Kid belt out his best sonic tunes.  MY NAME IS KIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIID!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!http://www.azfamily.com/news/local/Alligator-being-brought-in-to-eat-Tempe-Town-Lake-fish-99110809.htmlAlso, check out the many boat options for TTL, especially the one in the link below.  Jeans                     - checkbicycle on kayaks - checklife vest                    - checkhttp://boats4rent.com/tempe-town-lake/boats/hydrobike/
4	What a little gem nestled in the bustling college town of Tempe! I have been to this location on two occasions (both for large events) and have always been impressed with the ease of finding parking (although we had to pay both times) and the security. Oktoberfest here was fantastic as the weather was mild and the beer was tasty! Fourth of July was hot (although I hear not as hot as it could have been) but nonetheless we had a great time. The location is well maintained and has surprising very little litter on the grounds. On my last visit, I noticed that there is a pretty awesome splash pad for children and plan to take my son there as soon as I can. There is a beautiful lake (obviously from the name duh) in the center of the park and you can take boat rides and enjoy the water. The park itself is surrounded by tall buildings sporting names of large companies, kind of reminiscent of Central Park (only much smaller), which provide a great ambient light in the late evening hours. There are picnic benches and charcoal grills available for use that are well maintained too. All in all - I have been to better parks, but this one is a little gem for this area!
4	Great place to go for a walk or bike ride.
4	I come here a few times a month to bike around the lake both by myself and with my family.  I think that it is a great place to get away to and enjoy some nature (lake/birds/fishing).  They also have a marina on the lake and at times, you can find sailboats and dragon boats skimming the water.  Overall, it's a really nice place in the middle of the noise and action of Tempe.
5	This is my favorite place at night/dusk to watch a great sunset over the lake and usually over the city of Phoenix. Have been there for festivals or just to chill out. Ended up there this past Sunday also and it appears that in the summer, it is very empty. There is shade under the bridges, but that is also where most of the shady folks are hanging out too including the homeless dude on a bike whom had a crowd of about 100 pigeons around him. If you were homeless, why give the birds food dude, eat it yourself. Anyways, there are a few benches on the lake under some small trees. Only place that was packed was the kids fountain. The bridges are gorgeous at night and anybody visiting needs to check out all the colors on the bridge and in the sky. Kudos to Tempe for making this lake happen, but there has been four deaths in the lake in the past year too.
4	I used to come walk my two large male pups here every day and they loved it! A pretty decent path, though a tad sketchy under the bridges :/ I think It would be nice if there were some sort of security at night but that's just my opinion. When the water is clean(ish?) it seems to be nice for boating, paddle boarding, etc. Sometimes there are homeless here which freak me out but that's the whole being near Mill thing.
5	I love Tempe Town Lake!I'm an Arizona native and spent my childhood riding bikes with my family up and down the Indian Bend Wash park (great trails) and through the Papago Park area. The empty river was always so ugly. As a teenager (in the '80's) I learned that the ASU school of Architecture came up with the Rio Salado concept back in the 1960's to have the river flowing again throughout the entire valley. Would have been great to see that happen, but at least Tempe voters could see the value of this and approve it!I have a small sailboat and going to Tempe Town Lake is a short 10 minute drive for me. Good launch ramp, very nice docks at a good height for small boats. My only wish would be for the lake to be bigger; but at least there aren't any power boats on it! I'm not a windsurfer, but it seems like it would be nice if they allowed windsurfers on the lake. It would probably be overrun by them though. Maybe they could be limited to a portion of the lake.I think that Tempe Town Lake is one of the crown jewels of the Phoenix area.
5	When we go to Tempe Beach park, we are fortunate to experience Tempe Town lake too. There is trail on the sides to Walk. Tempe Town Lake is so gorgeous and I gotten to know this Tempe Town lake is man made lake. There is history linked to Flour Mill which was there 50 years ago near the Tempe Beach Park. Boat Rentals at Tempe Town Lake Single Kayak                          $18 HrDouble kayak                         $ 28 HrRow Boat (Seats 2)                $12 HrPedal Boats (Seats 3)             $18 HrSup                                         $20 HrSurrey Top (Seats 8)              $60 HrPontoon (Seats 10)                $70 Hr * Prices don't include tax They have Early Bird Special $ 5 Off any boat 1 st hour they 're open.10 % off ASU, Military or Birthday (With Proof )
