1	I heard about this place from a friend. His band played there. I like blues and heard they had good blues music so I went to check it out. They had someone cooking food outside. They had a $5.00 cover. The man at the door was rude. We took a look inside. There was a few people playing pool and video poker. The band didn't sound that good. It looks dirty and sits in a strip mall. Didn't impress me. I won't be back.
3	I never heard of the Sand Dollar or Bikini Bar. I came upon Bar 702 by accident turning around to head back to I-15. Bar Rescue happened to be there at the time. I made a mental note of it. Two weeks ago, the episode premiered and I've been hooked on the show since. Initially, I didn't want to check out Bar 702 because the co-owner doctor came off so vile I didn't want to give him any of my hard earned dollars, but curiosity got the better of me and we checked it out last Friday night. We got there about 10:30, there was a $5 cover. We figured we were in deep, now, so we bellied up to the bar. My brother tried one of the beer look alike cocktails created on the show with Crown and Caramel bitters. It was pretty terrible. Then again, I'm pretty loyal to beer so what do I know? I was happy as clam with Ballast Point Pale Ale for $5.25. They had a good list of microbrews, my husband had some squirrel beer that was mighty tasty.Strange Mistress took the stage. We really enjoyed the show. I've been in Vegas ten years, been in and out of dive bars, but never any with live music with such a great set up. The sound system was impressive. We stayed for Meade Ave. Played some video poker between bands and my husband managed to win some coin hitting a couple 4OAKs. Staff wasn't too friendly, but they kept beers coming. They were cold and reasonably priced. That's all I really ask.
4	Saw this place on Bar Rescue and happened to be going to Vegas the following weekend. We wanted a change-up from the touristy scene so we came to Bar 702. Lisa the manager was very friendly and working her butt off!I sat down and played video poker for about 20 min, doubled my money, then got some drinks and listened to the band. My friend enjoyed her cocktail; I cant' remember the name of it but it was tasty.The band was ok...I thought they could have played a few more hits as opposed to Allman Brothers deeper tracks but they weren't terrible.The place was tough to find in the strip mall that it was located in, and we didn't order any food either but if you want a place off the beaten touristy areas and you are a fan of dive bars and live music you will enjoy it here...
5	I had a great time.  I loved all the people and the band was great.  Lisa was very nice and welcomed us with open arms.  I will definitely make a stop in next time I'm in Vegas and want to get away from the rat race.
1	My girlfriend and I were going to go check out this place after I saw it in Bar Rescue. We are always trying to find new bars to check out.We went and saw the sign on the front door saying something about no colors allowed. We got freaked out that their would potentially be gang related activties. Needless to say we left before walking in.
3	Saw this Place on Bar Rescue.  Decided to Head in with my Buddy.  We both work for VEGAS NIGHTLIFE and we know the routine.  The Concept is nice but execution is lacking.  Ultimately I wanted a quite place to have a few drinks and have some beers.  If it wasnt so HOT inside i would have stayed longer and spend 20-50$ more.  Instead I dont plan on coming back til at least winter cuz i was sweating my ass off.
3	If you live in Vegas and watch Bar Rescue you may have caught Bar 702 (formerly the Sand Dollar).  I'd say not much has changed in terms of the amount of business.  We stopped in on a Saturday night and were unfortunately met with a cover charge.  There were two live bands set to play that night and based on the noise level and lyrics I'd say they were designed for a very specific crowd.The first band, Jesus Christ and Free Beer (I believe), was super loud and very vulgar.  Personally, we thought they were hilarious based on the fact that they apparently did not care a whole lot if you liked them or not or if you were offended by what they were saying.  Although, their lyrics were extremely explicit (they could be the house band at Absinthe) we found them funny, but they are certainly not for everyone...or probably most people for that matter.We didn't stick around for the second band because by then we got a sense of the bar and were ready to move on.  For a Saturday night the prices were solid but I think the employees + band members out numbered the patrons.  The bars location is really working against it since there aren't a whole lot of other restaurants and bars in the area so the chances of hopping to another spot isn't likely.
1	What a bunch of douchebags!This used to be a great blues club. Now it's a venue for bad bands full of musicians who can't play their instruments. God help the human race!The night I went (thinking it was still a blues club), the pea-brain at the door asked for my ID. I said 'you're joking, right?" (Trust me, I look my age.)He said "The liquor board could come into the club and check IDs.""And when and if they do, what do you think they'll find in my case?"He said "I gotta check."I said "Do you know how stupid that is? You should go work for TSA and confiscate my nail-file for fear I'm going to hijack the airplane."When I showed him my ID, he could easily see that I was twice his age....What he couldn't tell, was that I was 100 times his IQ.And the music was beyond horrible.Las Vegas desperately needs an off-strip blues club...and a jazz club.
5	Awesome bar! Adorable sweet hard ass working owner Lisa. Bar Rescue didn't do this place or it's employees justice!Cover fee is reasonable! They are keeping local bands in gigs. I'm not a blues fan so I'm glad they have branched out. Cheap drinks and all around fun check them out!
5	Our waitress was super friendly and let me ask all my super touristy questions about 702 being on Bar Rescue. I loved my Pink Flamingo drink and I also got the ginger beer drink. I won $10 on a $20 bet on their video game.
5	Absolutely amazing. Love Lisa. She is truly a hard worker and does her job well. I literally tried all their speciality drinks and she was more than helpful when I asked her a gazillion questions in regards to the drinks. I had many and all the drinks were made to perfection. I have been meaning to go back every single day, but I get too busy. I am always craving their drinks. The atmosphere helps add to the positive environment. The band  was great and so was the door person. Actually spoke to a regular there and she knew nothing about Video Poker and turned a dollar to 150! I played but did not win but now I am addicted to VIdeo Poker. The second bartender was also nice. Overall, great experience.
4	It's a great place. Not an amazing place, but a great place. You have to do a little hunting to find it, but it's worth the effort. People who freak out over a $5 cover need to go to the strip and see $30 covers and get a lesson in real life. Bands are ok, and sometimes off the hook. Bartenders are not only friendly but also know how to sling some exotic drinks. Divey but not nasty. Forget that you saw it on TV and have a good time. The only reason I don't give it 5 stars is because of the no colors policy, but anyone who lives in Vegas knows the score on that.
3	It was night of Bar Rescue Viva Las Vegas. My roommate and I huge fan of the show always been meaning too checkout the bars they done here in Vegas. So we decided too start off the night with some 702 before out last stop Bacon Bar. Hindsight talk about ending on positive experience rather then blah one. Bar 702 never notice until the show but the irony is am regular at Pho Bosa next door so remember the business changed. Not Bar Rescue style. I actually saw the show liked the changes, notice added food through window (irony food from Pho Bosa; they never mention it on the show), and every time get broken rice on like need too check it out. My first impression we walked in was talk about dark bar thinking need some night vision goggles just too get around. Talk about low ceiling mostly due fact on the first floor of two story building. It not help for lighting although the side with the pool tables and lot of the cool decorations half could see. Couple things got excited too see that stuck with the show. They have backdrop that take photo with ID like getting booked in jail. Something stay away from in real life. It perfect compliment with the concept of the new Bar 702. They even have Wall with the Most Wanted. Not sure get on that one but interesting the ones they did was from the airing on Bar Rescue. Cool. They even have vending machine that can get 40oz Old English and couple more brands. I like the stage and great sound system. The band started playing at 9. Not sure the name of the band but they were okay. Guess they have live music playing most nights not sure the exact schedule. The bartender she was lot of fun! We get great service never empty beer or glass. She honest came too the food or LACK of. IIt was the biggest disappointment for me. I thinking that would get some Pho Bosa action bar food. I seen the owners on the show. Anyway now all they have frozen or heat in microwave food. I would never order besides bummed out no Pho Bosa. The bartender upfront telling us not the best food and love the honesty. She even told us that not single bartender still works here from the show. I ordered one of the signature drinks she mentioning that super sweet but if not like I could get something else and not get charged. It looked really good on the show or mixed drink in beer mug. Interesting! They have four too choose from I went with "The Flamingo". It described more like strawberry daquiri style. Talk about SWEET. Dam! It made that first beer going down tough after "The Flamingo". It was ok. Sure think stick with safer drink BEER next time. Overall not too high on Bar 702. End of the night just reminds me of another local bar outside the strip just the concept don't find appealing. Reality no food. It not place think would chilling hang out with friends. Once the band plays its pretty loud since small place so going too have shout too have conversation. There of others places can go but if in the area would go back support some old school Vegas.
5	I went to the BAR 702 SUNDAY NIGHT PRO/AM JAM #10 on Monday. The jam was well run & the musicians were GREAT! The bar vibe was wonderful & the drinks were cheap ... who could ask for more?
3	It's better than the dirty, meth-infested, crap-hole it used to be. Bands are way loud and no food sucks.
5	First time in bar 702. Love the atmosphere and portia is personally my favorite bartender in the universe ! Will come here more often.. oo and there's a juke box ...
1	beyond below piss poor service !!!!!!    had serious cash in hand , although packed , the rude bartender was too busy to serve us although we were gonna spend some serious $ in there due to one of our close friends recommeneding this bar ... major big thumbs down !!!!   nhm
4	Our band just did a show here this last Saturday and I was very impressed with the venue. I wasn't sure what to expect as most people I knew who had been here before only knew it as the bikini bar.  I liked the way it was set up. It's not very big, but there's plenty of room for people to sit and stand near the stage.  The venue was also very organized on how the show was ran for 4 bands.  Things were super smooth and hassle-free.  The bartenders were always fast and friendly even though the place was jam-packed.  My friend got some pizza and said it was pretty damn good, although I did not get to try any.  There are a couple of pool tables as you walk in.  All of our friends and family who came to see the show said they had a lot of fun.
4	The Wednesday Night Jam is going off ONCE AGAIN!!!
2	I visited bar when it was Bikini Bar a few years back and it was packed because there was an event being held their at the start of a race. I visited this bar twice after it aired on Bar Rescue. My first visit was okay. There was only 2 people in the bar with my friend and I and they eventually left so it was just us left. The bartender Lisa was very nice and made sure we were okay. She was in and out of the office and said to just get her if we needed something. This was around 4 o'clock on a Friday. My friend and I had fun playing with the mug shot board and had a few beers. We are both teachers and are always looking for a new happy hour spot to unwind after school on Fridays. There is usually around15 of us who go out so we decided to do a HH in the near future.Our second visit is where things started to fall apart. I called ahead of time letting them know that there was going to be around 40 people on Friday around 4:00 and asked if we could bring a cake because we were celebrating a friend's promotion. They said it was fine. So around 3:30 people start to trickle in after a long day teaching and ready to have a few drinks and mingle with other teachers. There were about 5 other people in the bar that were not with us. Now this is where the issue comes in. Lisa was bartending and was not very attentive to our group. We had to wait at the bar for at least 4-5 minutes to be acknowledged. The entire time her back was turned away from our area (which was the entire area by the stage). Not only that she was on her cell phone the entire time! So I gave her the benefit of a doubt, maybe she was texting her employees and seeing if they could come in since the bar was packed. But nope, no one showed up and she still had her back towards our group and was either texting on the cell phone, checking facebook, or googling things...who knows. But this is what doesn't make sense to me. Before teaching I was in the service business for 12 years. I know what it takes to run a good establishment. She had the opportunity to wow the 40 new customers that stepped into that bar and have potential regulars. This was the time to roll out the red carpet and shine. But there was nothing but slow service and no attempt to make sure the customers were taken care of. Had she been less worried on her phone and bartending or called in another employ and manage the bar we could have been the regulars coming to happy hour every Friday. But needless to say none of the 40 people have been back there. It's sad to see a place that can have so much potential just completely fail even after Bar Rescue. If Lisa had listened to the advice Taffer gave, I'm sure they would be in a better place. Hopefully we will give this place another chance because it is a fun environment.
3	Been here a couple times to see FOR THE NOW perform.They have pool tables and a photo op, LOCALS ONLY.The drinks are inexpensive, the bartenders are quick and there is gaming available at the bar.The stage is pretty cool with tables to chill at or lots of standing room space available as well. They also had a taco truck out front last time we were there - I didn't sample any but heard they were BOMB.
1	Drinks are served in dirty plastic cups, service sucked. Ordered scooby snacks that looked just like the purple hooters we ordered before that and they weren't purple at all.
1	What happened??? Went ther for Funk Jam awhile back maybe a month it's beenAnd this week it's all changed. No gaming now - ok I can deal with that...But oh my lord. Let me see...Blond bartender so slow. 15 minutes we sat there she passed us by 8 times but had time to talk to 2 guys at corner of barService has really dropped offThis used to be a great local place now it seems they are gearing to exclude entertainment industry people. Which is really odd considering its location and history.Think it's time we all find a new place to go.This Dive Bar is sinking fastBlond Bimbos who ignore customers don't work well as bartenders
1	Went in. Got a drink. $5 cover. Excited about being there. Asked bartender if we could smoke cigar. She said yes. Paid for our drinks. Was asked by the door Nazi to put out cigar. Really?!?! Too bad. One, we asked to have a cigar, two, they allow cigar and cigarette smoking inside. It's unfortunate that tourists come to a locals bar and then want to complain about smoking in an establishment where it is legal. They are more than welcome to stay in California. We  had high hopes of the lounge and the music.  They lost our business forever. As a local that supports locally owned businesses I won't be supporting this one. Too bad Bar Rescue couldn't give some of the employees good sense. Also be known there was another person smoking a cigar inside he just happened to be over by the band area. I never saw him approached to get rid of his. If I was smoking a cheap cigar, I could see they do stink but this was a Montecristo Epic.
4	Your standard dive bar...good prices, good music and good service! No complaints! They have pool tables and a digital juke box, so whenever the live bands stop playing the music keeps pumping! This is a great "pre-game" spot...it's near the great dining opportunities in Chinatown, it's directly butted up against the highway and a round of drinks is super cheap!
5	Great locals bar! Friendly environment and decent prices for alcohol. This is not a touristy place this for locals wanting to escape the tourist side of vegas. Cute and cozy.
