4	Very helpful location, employees are friendly, phones are great, service is better. i have never encountered a problem here or at any other T-Mobile location. I  am a little upset to hear AT&T may buy T-Mobile because AT&T sucks, but other than that I would recommend this location to anyone. I've always had a flat fee for my service and the people here have always been direct and got me what I need. Good service is the most imporant thing to me when is comes to phone service, and T-Mobile is one of the best.
4	I always despise going into a phone place.  It's almost as bad as going to a car dealership.  Luckily, I had a pleasant experience with my last visit.  I came in with a standoffish attitude, but left as a brand new owner of a Galaxy S iii.Pros:* Very good customer service and informative sales representative* open layout with hands-on setup throughout the store* non-pushy sales associate and patient tooCons:* numerous attempts at upselling, but hey what do you expect...it's part of the job.* with all the technological advancements in this day in age, one would expect that mail-in-rebates are no longer in existence.  Why not do away with this and just offer the rebate upfront?  Things would be so much simpler!Overall:  I'm a happy customer.  He told me about my warranty, went over map coverage, talked about hidden features, went over the phone's basic functions with me, transferred over my contacts, explained warranty, and plan coverage.  He asked me numerous questions to see which plan was most suitable for my needs, but never pushed me into anything, which I appreciated.  Tips:* if not offered, make sure to have your contacts transferred over.. it's free* Assure that you totally understand all the fees and charges. if not ask questions!* Keep your paperwork for future reference... trust me it helps for future issues if any.
5	Used to be a Verizon customer. Talked to Nate and he got me hooked up with T-Mobile. Saves me $60 a month and Nate did a really good job with all my questions. Great place with friendly people.
2	I considered only giving a one star rating because this store almost cost us $600. In July we went in and purchased 2 Samsung Galaxy S4's, cases, accessories, etc... Spent well over $1,000. We asked them to put the phones under our business name (which it took 4 trips back over a weeks time to get that done right) &  we asked for the warranty on both phones. It took almost 8 days for our phone #'s to switch over and 2 additional trips for that, so for a while we were carrying around 2 phones each not knowing when they were going to transfer, we finally went back in for that and they had to redo our sale or some such thing and then within 24 hours it transferred. I went back a couple weeks later because we hadn't received a bill & I was concerned that it may have gone to the wrong address, but I couldn't even access our accounts online, when I went in they told me that my bill would come due on 8/21/13 and I should be receiving it soon. since this was almost 2 months after we purchased the phones and service I asked how much the bill was going to be, the amount they told me was only $114. I asked why it was so low for a 2 month period, with the insurance, etc it should be minimum $140 for 2 phones with our service & warranties and they said we had a big credit. So today my husband accidentally crushed his phone in a reclining chair. He went in to the store and asked them to set him up with a new one using the insurance, they pulled up our account, gave us a brochure with the insurance name, phone # and website and sent us on our way. We tried to turn the claim in online and it wouldn't work, I called the insurance company and they told us we didn't have insurance at all. They transferred me to T-mobile, I explained that we had just left T-mobile and they had confirmed the coverage and have us the brochure to call and the nice rep advised that we didn't have any insurance, never had but luckily we could add it because they had extended open enrollment through 9/2/13. She added the insurance and said it would cover the damage that occurred today, she would add notes about the mistake the store made and advised we talk to the manager (my husband is heading over there now). So moral of the story - BEWARE!!! You can't rely on them to do what they say they will, and it almost cost us $600 on another phone.
4	The guys and gals here are great, always helpful even when overwhelmed. It's a fast paced business and its quite a challenge to juggle the multitude of personalities and problems that come into their location. The are always professional and personable.
3	Went there to upgrade the ladies was nice and kept a conversation going since everything was taking so long to transfer. Then this guy took over because one of the ladies had to go on break. I told the guy that I wanted all of my pictures transferred and he didn't do it. He told me to do something else when I got home but that didn't work neither. Now I don't have all of my pictures from when my son was born I was very disappointed and I still am :/.
1	Quality of calls and service area coverage are inconsistent.   Customer service reps always seem to be helpful, but that doesn't make up for dropped calls and no "G" service areas.
1	The sales people at this store are worse than a car dealership. My mother and I switched from verizon to t-mobile and Nathan was helping us.  1. He's arrogant. 2. He's smug. 3. He's scams people! After my mother and I picked out phones Nathan told us there was a deal going on and to pick out a phone case and blue tooth for FREE. My mother and I asked Nathan several times if it was free,  him and his Co workers said it was FREE. Nathan installs everything and all we had to do was pay tax (new law). After we got home I realized the slime ball added all the "FREE" stuff to my financed phone and failed to tell me.  I called the store immediately and the associate who answered stated the manager was off and Nathan never should have told us it was free. I still have to go into the store to complain.  Then complaining to corporate is next! Moral of the story go to a different t-mobile or tell Nathan to get out of your face!
