4	Got here at 645a, in and out ! Helps to come in early !
1	If you come here for a pre-employment hair drug test, DO NOT trust Michelle Garcia cutting your hair. I went in for the drug test & was unfortunate to get this MONSTER. I have long black hair. This witch cut off a huge chunk of hair from the top/crown part of my head, that started from the right to the left then went down to the back of my head. It wasn't even a clean cut. She swore she was making sure you wouldn't be able to see, but she's obviously a liar. Before cutting my hair she kept telling me how beautiful my hair was. I was so upset & I made sure she knew it. Her response was, "I'm sorry honey." Bitch are you serious?? I quickly shut her up. Don't tell me you're sorry when you intended to do this.  She didn't even bother cutting my hair from 3 different spots, instead she cut a ridiculously chunk of hair from 1 spot!
1	I don't understand Quest's complete disregard for customer experience. You're a diagnostic center. People come in for drug testing to blood draws to a lot of other scary medical things. Don't expect your patients to be experts. If a lab order isn't clear, why not pick up the phone and call for clarification? It seems they have a monopoly  on diagnostic testing in the Vegas Valley so avoiding them is next to impossible. The bathroom was disgusting. People collect samples in there. Keep it tidy. The thing that really grinds my gears is the totally lack of compassion. Having worked in the medical field and having my own experience with medical issues, a little compassion goes a long, long way.
4	They were open until 6PM on a Friday, which was convenient for me.  I was in and out fairly quickly for a blood draw.  The staff was friendly.  My only complaint is that the tape they used on my arm did not stick very well, I had to go back and have my arm re-taped before leaving.
3	Much better experience at this location than the one by UMC on Charleston- went in with a 3:15 appointment and was out by 3:30. Staff was mostly friendly, made small talk and quickly took care of my blood draw. Location clean and neat.Only turn off was the first employee I encountered, who took one look at me and told another employee "you're up!" to take care of me, and then went to talk with another employee even though the lady she told to help me was clearly busy with paperwork. As I left, first employee was in the waiting room watching the TV tuned to Ellen. If this is a pattern for her, perhaps she should be let go.Props for not wrapping my arm in that god-awful sticky tape that takes two showers to remove the film from my skin.
3	I was In & Out at this location. I've been to other Quest Diagnostics and usually there's a long wait. I'll be visiting this location from now on!
