1	Gentle Dental is a cross between the MVD and what I imagine the welfare office to be like. Waiting is how most of the time is spent at this location. Waiting 45 minutes after the scheduled time of your appointment to get called back. Waiting 30 or more minutes to see the dentist after your cleaning. Make sure to set aside at least 3 hours for a visit to Gentle Dental. It is so obvious that every member of the staff hates their job to the Nth degree. No one is happy or at least cordial, and everyone looks burnt out. I've been getting my teeth cleaned at this location for several years (Thanks DVUSD for the great insurance!), and I have never had a decent experience. The dental hygienists are a motley crew to say the least. I always get stuck with the slim male hygienist (I will not reveal his identity) whose hairy arms tickle my nose when he cleans my teeth. Yeah, that's for real. Just let that image sink in a little bit. I really hate going to the dentist here, but I am stuck with these fine people until I get a new insurance plan. What makes everything worse is how difficult it is to get an appointment for this torture.
1	Ok, so I finally decide to take advantage of my insurance. Grrr, great insurance I have, now Im stuck with this place. Waiting wasn't bad, had an appointment for 9 got sat at 910, ok I'll give em one. Then they take my X-rays, not bad. But then to see the dentist I sat around for another 15 mins. Finally she comes in, not friendly at all, starts poking at my mouth and tells me what I need. Later they come back with a bill for $240 when I just came in for a cleaning that my insurance covers.They take out old fillings and put in new ones. I never had a problem with my old ones, no pain or anything, and now I have these scratchy ones in my mouth. Dentist leaves with no follow up, I walk myself to the desk for the next appointment and she hands me a card because I don't know when I'll be available next. Just hands me the card, no "call us to let us know when you're available.." or nothing...Grrr is all I can say about this place...
1	Worst dental experience of my life, after going in to have a crown recemented & having absolutely no pain at the time they proceeded with what they do try to upsell you like a used car salesman & provide amateur work at premium prices.  Of course my old crown was no good so they had to make a new one (only way for them to make more money).  When they put on their crown it bothered me immediately but was told it just takes time to settle.  After a couple of adjustments it was marginally better but still bothered me.  As time went on it continually got worse to the point I could not eat or sleep my whole jaw from ear to chin was killing me. Another 2 visits to have faulty crown removed & a root canal & of course more charges. After the root canal they left a piece of bone imbedded in my gum for a couple of weeks but of course not their fault said bone came through my gum BS!! more of their shoddy work. Tired of having this annoying abrasion on my gum I took my finger & flicked it off, popped right off no bleeding or rawness under it so was definitely caused by their negligence.  Now I go back to get the crown redone another couple of visits crown replaced & in less than 6 months the crown pops off. Another visit to have crown recemented did not even last 5 hours before the crown actually broke now its missing a piece & will need to be replaced again.  Every time I have gone in there its another different rookie dentist so far I have seen 6 dentists at the office.  After 9 visits much money & wasted time I am worse off than when I started & have no confidence the the abilities of the dentists used at Gentle Dental.  So far after all I've been through no one at the office has shown any compassion for my situation or do they seem to care at all about customer satisfaction.  Do yourself a favor & steer clear of this place!
1	There's this terrible employee name Leslie Ybarra. After two visits for evaluation and a plan, I was ready to move forward. This Leslie said that she would email the 2 plans that I was interested in and follow up with a call. I got the email but didn't understand the abbreviations and scope of work and NO FOLLOW UP CALL. I left a couple of messages since I wasn't doing this for fun but I have dental issues that I want resolved. No call back other than a message next day saying that she was available until 2 pm. I called anyway (it was 4-4:30) and she was there. I asked her why she didn't call and she gave the worst possible answer any employee can give..I have too much work (going to 4 other offices and perhaps why those reviews stink as well) and don't have time to do what I said I would do, in essence. Also, even though she doesn't work in your mouth, she bites her nails which looked nasty and very unprofessional for a business where oral hygiene is critical. I suppose that she's too busy to scrub her nubs. Seeing these other reviews doesn't surprise me. I'm actually glad now that she didn't call, I may have really stepped in it.
