5	Came in on Sunday at 1230. Helped right away! Very friendly wait staff! Food was absolutely delicious! I had grill cheese with tomato, husband had french toast that was delicious and our daughter had the mac and cheese. The mac and cheese stole the show! It was definitely homemade and best I have had!!!
1	Coffee that tastes like pepper? No, thanks! This is my second time at this Blueberry Hill. The first time they got the benefit of my doubt, but the second time sealed my doubts. The place looks run down. The food tasted like rubber, the eggs were half cooked, & pepper tasting coffee. Plus the cashier couldn't add $17.20 + what makes $20.00 even? The only positive is the server that helped us both times. She was sweet, positive, and helpful. She is a tall thin lady.
2	I've been to this restaurant a few times now the first time was a good experience fast sitting no wait for drinks and not a long wait for food. The second time not so good I went on 4th. of July and it wasn't busy at all maybe 5 or 6 tables with people and 4 waitresses. So services should of been fast so you would think. We order our sons food first being 4 he has a small attention span when it comes to restaurants and places a like. After we order him eggs and toast we were told the waitress would come back in a few to get my wife and I's order. Well a few minutes turned in to 15 -20 minutes. After all that wait time a completely different waitresses took our order because the first one didn't seem to enthused to be a work. Granted it was the 4th of July but it was the afternoon. I order the chicken parm sub was way over salted just not good was ok though. If I was you I would skip this and head somewhere else. Granted the food is good but service not so good.
5	Not sure what's up with all the low reviews. Came by here while on vacation with a group of six. We just fit into the largest table and once seated, proceed to have a grand diner experience. Service is impeccable. Very friendly. The food, even better. We each ordered something different and all raved about it. I had the Texas Chili Omelette and it could feed a small (or large) army. My son ordered a few pancakes and what came out could have also fed many. Going around the table, everyone was happy. If I lived in the area, I'd definitely become a regular here. I think they close between lunch and dinner. Around 3 pm the server/manager said she was preparing to close up but told us in no uncertain terms we were welcome to stay as long as we wished. No rush at all. It's a very casual, friendly, old-fashioned diner experience. Didn't try the coffee, but food was great. Hope to return soon. Might try lunch or dessert next time.
5	Great breakfast joint that reminds me of waffle-house. Do not order anything that could be stored in the fridge as it tastes like it have ( huevos ranchos ). Massive omlettes that are worth the price.
5	My favorite breakfast in Vegas. I'm a local. It's greasy but the portions are great and the service is always A1
5	I've eaten here, and the other locations, many times. I've never ordered the French toast until today. OMG, so good. It tastes like a cinnamon roll, but it's just Texas toast with their special batter. I know what I'm having for breakfast when I return. *this is now called the Blue Skillet, same good food!*
1	What a shameBlue Skillet instead of Blueberry HillMaybe because the original team would be ashamed of them! One malicious person in the kitchen can cause a bad review!They served the wrong meal by mistake , understandable. I ordered grilled not breaded and fried pork chops. No problem, I quietly waited no fuss no recriminations, just an error.Until my " pay back " meal came. They had cut the chops to the tiniest most pathetic things you have ever seen. Not worth even tasting.I paid for the toast and coffee and left. And I tipped the waitress well, she was embarrassed by what they had done.Maybe this is why they have different name from before.Won't be back!
4	This place can get really busy, but the service is usually fast and friendly.  They have daily specials and their coffee is good.  The menu is extensive from breakfast to lunch selections, American to South of the border.  If you're in the area, it's a place you may want to try.  Also, their name has changed to The Blue Skillet.
2	Yelp says:  Blueberry Hill Family restaurant...The sign on the business says:  Blue Skillet Family. Restaurant.  I went in to try the Chicken Fried Steak which I was hungry for.  The place appeared clean and was not busy.  The counter area had a sign saying it was closed and I was told by a busboy to set anywhere I'd like.  I picked a booth but the seat was so close to the table, I moved to another booth and it was even worse.  I am a big person (3XL) but had to sit in the corner table where there was a chair.  Like I said I'm big but the tables could have been smaller in the booths to make it comfortable.  My waitress came to wait on me immediately.  I asked if they had Chicken Fried Steaks, which they did but was hard to find on the menu ($11.99)  I ordered the CFS and asked if they had Texas Toast.  She had never heard of Texas Toast so I ordered the Sour Dough Toast.  The CFS came with two eggs, cooked the way I ordered them (Over Easy) and "hash browns" that were cut like the egg noodles you get with chicken and dumplings.  The potatoes were under cooked and tasted raw.  The sourdough toast was as hard as croutons, and not to my liking.  The CFS was not something I'd order again as it was the generic frozen kind and had no flavor whatsoever except for one bite in the middle, which I can't for the life of me, figure out why there was flavor in that one area.  The diet coke was $2.59.  The total was $15.00 for the meal and I tipped $2, which made my dinning experience $17.00 for a meal that I wouldn't be happy with even if it was half the price.  I did see other customers ordering sandwiches, that did look appetizing and thought maybe CFS just arn't what they are going to be noted for.  I don't like to give bad reviews, but I do think every meal should have something memorable to make you want to return, however, I did not get that experience during this encounter.  My advice is, good luck eating at the Blue Skillet.
5	Awesome food great music and nice overall atmosphere.  Every time I go here I love it, and even though they have changed names, they are still great.  My waitress was so nice and very friendly. Definitely a hidden treasure in vegas.
4	This restaurant has recently changed its name from Blueberry Hill to The Blue Skillet.  The name might be different but the food is just as good.  My husband and I love coming to the Skillet for breakfast on the weekends.  It reminds us of the diners we used to love back home in the East.  My personal favorite is the chicken and waffles - it's soooo good!  The menu is massive - they have something for everyone.  Even picky eaters like me!  The servers are always super friendly and most of the staff is bilingual (Spanish - just in case ya need it!).  If something is wrong with your order, they will fix it no questions asked.  It's the best breakfast/brunch spot in Northeast Vegas!
2	New name: Blue Skillet Pancake HouseJust paid $50 for breakfast, 2 kids and 2 adults! Be prepared to pay $2.50 for a cup of coffee and $3.00 for a small kids apple juice. Mushroom and cheese omelette was $10.50, came out over cooked and dry. Never again!
4	If u are at this location ask for Felicia great service awesome server ;) the Mexican breakfasts are super delicious
1	I've been coming to Blueberry Hill since I was very young. It's always been great. Our last visit to the Blue Skillet formally Blueberry Hill was the worst experience ever. My veggie omelet was dry, over cooked and tasteless. My husband's pancake was burned and our daughter's macaroni and cheese was soupy. I'm not sure what's happened since the name change, but it was awful.
5	Best breakfast restaurant in town! They have a huge menu that fits any kind of person and their needs ( I would stick to the breakfast only though because that is what they do best!) The service is amazing, this is definitely a hole in the wall breakfast place that won't leave you feeling disappointed. It's not a high end restaurant, it's a home-y type place filled with people that are usually regulars and the food is delicious. If you're looking for a comfortable relaxed environment with delicious food, this place is it!! I have never had pancakes/ French toast that are as delicious as theirs are! Seriously. You'll forget all about your go-to breakfast chain place. The orange juice is also delicious, it's freshly squeezed and you can taste the difference.
5	Great service. I had French toast which was delicious. My husband had chicken fried steak and eggs which he said was great. The menu had a huge breakfast selection and many items sounded very good. It is a very casual place but very good. I'll be back if I'm ever in the area again.
3	So I've been here like 3 times and every time I have had a different experience. Today I went in there and order their Mexican Chilaquiles. They were really tasty until I found a hair in my food and made me sick to my stomach. Gladly our waitress was super sweet and took it off our tab. Overall this place is decent, I won't bash them over one piece of hair.
