2	You know what you are getting when you go to a Target. You expect quality merchandise at a moderate price. This target has that.  This Target also had terrible service. I like Target, but not this one. This morning I purchased a DVD that was in a locked security case. I stood at the counter for seven minutes while the clerk paged the manager on duty to unlock it. The manager never came so I lost patience and returned it. This store Also never had express lanes open so you always will wait in line.  I don't mind paying higher prices if it comes with better service.  I'd pass on this Target and go to Costco, Sams, or Walgreens all within a 5 minute drive
1	I do love Target, but after this experience I will no longer shop at the specific Target. Last week I ran into Target to purchase two C.D's one for myself and one a gift. One of them was regular price and one was on sale for only $9.99. I thought great, what a deal! I go up the check-out, which is busy, and wait a few minutes to find that my C.D. did not come up as the sale price posted. The check-out girl gets a manager to come over and he does a price check. I tell him there are two versions of the C.D. a deluxe and regular, I had chosen the regular. He asks if I got in on the end of a isle on in the middle. I tell him in the middle under pop/rock. He tells me the C.D. is $13.99 on a big display at the end of an Isle and says nothing more. It's been about 4-5 minutes now and there are people waiting behind me. So I say "Ok, Never mind, I do not want it then." The girl just stares and me and the manager just stands there? I have no idea what is going on, so I say again, "Never mind, I don't wait it" and swipe my card. Again, a silence and they are both just standing there. I say " I swiped my card" to the check out lady and she "ugh's" at me and give me my receipt without my bag with my other C.D. in it. I had to literally reach over the counter to get it. I decided to run back to the C.D. section to re-read the SALE sign I saw. Ha, well it was gone. They had taken in down, so I talk to someone in the Electronic department and they have no Idea what is going. The manager comes back and explains that yes, the sign was left up past the sale date and I did not wait long enough for him to find out...I told him that he had me standing there in silence for almost 10 minutes talking on his "walkie talkie" and maybe a "one minute ma'am" or "Im just looking into that for you miss" would have been a nice indication that he wasn't just standing there staring off into space. He proceeded to argue with me telling me that I just walked away from him. Why didn't he say "Wait one minute Ma'am" or something, anything for that matter...? Too bad I didn't catch his name, or else that would be on here too. I shut him up by saying "Don't worry about it, I will be returning the one C.D. I bought and buying both at Best Buy, I'm sure they will appreciate my business!" I got my C.D. at Best Buy for ONLY $6.99 :) See if you can beat that Target!
3	In the olden days before Madison ever heard of anything called a "Super-Target" this was the target to go to. I have always loved target stores because of their prices, locations, in-stockedness, and friendly employees. They always seem to have whatever you need in stock rather than "oh we can order that for you." I agree that this target store can be very busy at times but it is on the west side of madison where a lot of people work and live so I understand why.I always appreciated the fact that most employees were willing to scour the store the store to find the product you were looking for an rather than "hmm maybe isle 12-33?" they would take you over there. Merchandise was tidy, inviting, and overall appealing and were proud to take home whatever you purchased.Since about 2007 though, it has sort of just gone down hill. Since the opening of a Super Target to the south, this particular target has been trying to play Copy Cat. Now I don't know if it the company itself trying to transfer every store into that 1-stop shop but it isn't working. Super Target stores make sense because they are meant to be massive. Stuffing in a partial grocery store, Starbucks, and cafe into a normal sized one is insane. Don't get me wrong the Starbucks can be a life saver sometimes but other times I don't want to stand behind 30 other people trying to get a Hot Dog while the shop... Thats what Sam's club is for.So I give this noble location a 3 of 5 for the continuing fight that Target seems to uphold with competitive prices and, in my opinion, continuing kindness and investment into its' customers though please stop trying to be something your not. Let the SuperTarget take your grocery seeking customers and put more time back into your current customers and merchandise.
3	This Target has always been a bit awkward (even when it was, for a time, known as "Target Greatland"). The layout is different to any other location I've ever been in and I just find getting around difficult. Apart from that, the product selection is good and it's even got an extended grocery range. So, great stuff, but weird to get around.
3	Strange to review a Target, but lately this store hasn't been as appealing. The layouts have become a little confusing. My friends and I have had trouble locating basic items such as tools, home supplies, and even kids' items. The placements often seem illogical, grocery area now included, as well.I'm a shoe connoisseur, but sadly the last few pairs bought have been terrible. Sneakers wore out immediately, sandals broke at the toe after one week, and heels lost shape after one wearing causing nasty cuts all over my feet. While obviously I don't expect great quality from Target, a little higher end would be nice. Photo machines in-store are great, but online from home setup needs work. Very slow and unorganized.Also, went in to pick up a few groceries last week for a big cabin trip. Found bags of potato chips on sale, but no French onion dip. Finally asked an employee who informed me they no longer carry it. Seriously?!? Chips but no dip?Kohl's and Hy vee are seeing more business from me now. Sorry, Target, we had a good run.
4	Nice Target.   Not sure on the bad reviews.   I thought it was easy to get around and find what I needed.   I grocery shop here weekly and I have had pretty good service.
5	Huge store, the staff is great, I had a couple of questions regarding some TVs and an associate named Sarah was more then helpful with everything.  I will recommend this place for electronics... and well everything else too!
1	Your store is nice and clean, full of nice, interesting, fun stuff to buy. I would have given you five stars.However you need to have a serious talk with MARGE (cashier) and brief her about customer service and how important it is to your business because this woman is definitely See You Next Tuesday.Inside the store you advertise a coupon, text SAVE4 to 827438 and you will get a link to a coupon to save $10 on a purchase of $40 or more - on anything in the store except psuedophedrine items on your smartphone. I purchased $75 dollars worth of items and not one of them were cold medicines.But MARGE didn't scan the coupon properly and then she tried to put me off saying I must have bought items that didn't apply. Well, I totally lost my shit because there is one thing I can't tolerate is a liar, especially an old liar. I don't like being held up in line from employee incompetence. I also didn't appreciate the shaming when she apologized to others in line for holding them up like I was being difficult, when it was her own ignorant fault.I told her that she was wrong and correctly explained the coupon and how it works to HER, but she didn't believe me. Your EMPLOYEE should KNOW how to do her JOB, that's why you are paying her to take care of your customers. Otherwise they should go get a job at McDonalds where they hire the handicapped and the elderly to handle less complicated tasks. Old people don't really understand the whole smartphone concept. Try telling them how to send/open an email sometime and find out. They don't get it.Anyway, because I was persistent she spoke with another cashier to verify my statement (another embarrassing moment) who told her how to enter the coupon properly. I got the $10 off I was entitled to receive in the first place.I would have left everything on the counter and walked out of the store had this issue not been resolved to my satisfaction at the point of purchase. I didn't even come there with the coupon. It was promoted inside this store. I rarely use coupons and this is why. They are scrutinized and examined for authenticity and it's embarrassing to use them.Shopping should be fun, but it's not fun anymore when customers are treated like that over a coupon. It should be convenient and encouraging for them to come back to shop again at Target.
