5	Holy Crap! These are delicious. Stop what you are doing right now and go get a box of these, you will not be able to eat just one. They make great offerings for you company potluck, they have been a hit at mine. I love how some have just the right amount of chocolate chips in them. Forget dieting, this place rocks!
5	I have visited this location twice, both times everything was delicious and service was great. I would definitely recommend them to anyone their cakes are absolutely fantastic.
5	I have tried the red velvet, carrot and pecan praline bundtlets (not all at the same time... but I could) and they are AMAZING! Charming atmosphere and friendly staff. If you are in the market, or just in the neighborhood, do it. Your sweet tooth will thank you.
5	Running a great deal right now on DealChicken.com $12 for $24 half off smoking deal. This place is amazing and for half off it is a miricle. Staff is very friendly. Location is very nice as it is brand new. Located right by Starbucks so you can grab a drink for your snack.http://www.dealchicken.com/phoenix-az
4	I love the red velvet! It has many chocolate chips in it. What I also like is the bundtinis. These are smaller than your average cupcake and you can get a variety pack. Variety is the spice of my life and I love to try many different things. They have a set pack of their top flavors that is always ready to go. If you want a custom pack, you should call ahead because it takes a while for them to get it together. They have to take the cakes out of the freezer and get them to room temperature. That is the one thing that I didnt really like. I don't like how the cakes are frozen and not fresh. They taste great though, so I guess its not really a problem. I have also gotten the larger size bundts and they are just as tasty. They can be decorated very cute too, with fun things in the middle. The people who work here are always very nice and friendly. They greet you and want to help you right away. They can give you the run down of the place.Also, my friend had these at her wedding in San Francisco. They were a hit! I recommend them for something different than cakes or cupcakes.
4	My father and I were in the mood for something sweet so we thought "cupcakes"! I searched for cupcakes and came across this place of business. I was a bit surprised to find no cupcakes here but all bundt cakes. I figured, hey we're here why not! So I ordered the red velvet and my dad the pecan one and the ladies were all very pleasant and sweet even considering how busy they were. I truly enjoyed my dessert it was the right balance of creamy cream cheese frosting and moist red velvet. My dad loved his pecan mini cake and was left wanting more! I will definitely be back to Nothing Bundt Cakes whenever I want something sweet
4	This is not in my diet plans, but it's good, more affordable than I expected, and this location is also dangerously nearby at Tbird & 67th Ave.  This past Friday afternoon the little storefront was full of people - all of us clutching our Deal Chicken coupons which enabled  a generous sampling of the various cakes available.   Flavors include "Marble, Red Velvet, Chocolate Chocolate Chip, White White Chocolate, Pecan Praline, Lemon, Carrot, and Cinnamon Swirl.  There's also a gluten-free offering at only pennies more than the others that I was curious to try though I'm not among the gluten-averse.  The little $3.99 "bundtlet" cakes are a generous serving for one and an adequate serving for two, and no flavor has yet disappointed, including the gluten-free offering.  They were also sampling an really tasty peanut butter cake - that tasted like a very light peanut butter cream.  I'm not a big fan of peanut butter mixed with whatever combinations, but the lightness of this was exceptional and it was really, really good.Housemates having devoured the lemon before I got chance to try, was happy to find it being sampled at Yelp event last night, and was not disappointed in the least.  The cakes have been consistently light and moist, and though I could do with a tad less of the the cream cheese icing, that's tasty as well.  They also offer a "drizzled" frosting option has less sugar, but I haven't tried that yet.   What a great little cake to drop off for a co-worker or friend's birthday or as just a  nice "thinking of you" token, though you might need to consider if it fit's the intended recipient's diet plans any better or worse than it does mine, but I'd go back again despite mine.
5	I love the fact that they offer online ordering and they also offer delivery for a small fee. I ordered my sister's birthday cake here and I must say, "Hands down, best cake ever!" It was super soft, moist, and the icing was on point. Some places overload their cake with frosting which can be to over powering. The sweetness of the cream cheese frosting made the perfect combination with the cake in every bit. Presentation was a plus also. Looked exactly like the online picture. I'm a fan of Nothing Bundt Cakes.
5	My wife and I were first introduced to Nothing Bundt Cakes at the Kiss Me I'm Irish 4K run recently.  The samples we tried were delicious and we were convinced that we'd like to find their bakery and go beyond samples!  Ironically, I had an appointment with an eye doctor a few days later whose office was a short two blocks from the Nothing Bundt Cakes location in Glendale.  We were impressed with the array of varieties offered and took advantage of their buy three get one free  Bundtlets.  As of tonight, we've tried three of the four:  carrot, pecan pralines, and marble -- we're saving the red velvet for tomorrow!  All are excellent -- the cake has stayed moist (even three days past our purchase) and the cream cheese topping that sinks into the middle of each cake is outstanding.  We've had a good time trying out various cupcake bakeries, but think we've probably found the best Phoenix has to offer.  Goes great with a cold glass of milk.
5	Delicious as always! As many times as I've been in here, I have not one complaint. Service is always wonderful, owner is personable and cakes are always fresh. If only my budget allowed me to set up daily home deliveries...
5	The first time I heard of Nothing bundt cake was when I went to a Yelp event and they were a vendor offering free samples. I tasted the lemon bundt that time and thought it was the yummiest bite of cake I've ever had. I took note of the name. The second time I heard of Nothing Bundt cake they were a vendor at The Kiss Me I'm Irish race that I ran in. Again I tasted their cake but this time I wanted to know where to get more. They told me they are located not too far from me on Thunderbird and 59th Avenue. Today was my boyfriends birthday so I thought it was a perfect oppurtunity to go there to celebrate with a Bundtlet. We got two, one cinnamon swirl and one pecan praline. I was able to taste a sample of the praline pecan before I bought it. Delicious! The frosting is so good. I think next time I will get the lemon bundt cake since that was what I originally sampled. The Bundtlets are only $4.00 and that's about the same price as a gourmet cupcake but the bundlets are bigger than a cupcake. It's worth it.
1	This review is in regards to the lack of customer service we just received.  We would have liked to have ordered a cake from this particular location.  However, they were booked for delivery which is fine.  The employee, actually hung up on me instead of ending a phone conversation politely.
5	Yummm!  Better than a cupcake any day. The cake is moist and flavorful - with great cream cheese frosting.Tried the bundlet for 3.99--it's plenty for 1 or 2 people.  So far the lemon (tangy and moist) and the chocolate chocolatechip are my favorites. Server was friendly and informative. The sparkling new shop also has cute gift items like fancy aprons and cake plates. Well worth another visit.
4	I stopped by this week by accident, on the way to an appointment. The store was so pleasant, clean and well lit. I couldn't get much as it was really hot outside, so I bought a lemon-raspberry bundtlette (sp) to take home - it was delicious. I'll go again and will buy a real party size cake too when the opportunity to do so arises. Looks as if they had lots of flavors too, in case you like variety. I'll most likely stick with the lemon variations...
5	OMG! I couldn't understand what the fuss is about, until my first bite of red velvet bundlet. And I was never a fan of red velvet cake ... I love and hate the fact that it's located just across the street from work.The cakes are fresh, moist and yummy. Frosting is sweet and little strong but totally enough for the size of cake. There is a bunch of flavors for every taste. My recommendation is White chocolate raspberry, but everyone can find what they like. Prices are ok and keep in mind that one bundlet is enough for 2 people. The store is cute, just as you would imagine it should be. I've always received nothing but polite and good service. Every day there is different samples to taste, so if you are in the neighborhood definitely take advantage of that. I don't see that this location is very busy but I definitely hope that will change and they will not end up closing the store after some time.
5	I can't review on the taste because I've never personally tasted it, I'm vegan. But, I can review on the customer service. I have came in here several times to get gifts for my non-vegan friends and clients and have gotten excellent customer service and great responses from everyone I have gifted this to. The ladies in there are so nice. I will be stopping in tomorrow to order a cake for my mothers birthday.
4	I definitely recommend trying this place to anyone who hasn't!! What a treat, and finally a break from the norm!! Now if only I could order one up right now with free delivery!!So fresh and amazing!! Will be gifting these often!!
1	Yes I do love their cakes but they were so rude when I couldn't use my groupon at this location. most places would have honored it just so that person doesn't give a negative review but I guess they would rather lose customers than give someone a good experience  if they would have honored it I would have told everyone how great they are. So I left without purchasing my cake.
1	Having a family restaurant I do understand but having the same exact name I would have taken the loss to keep our good name to prevent situations such as this
1	I was at a store near by and decided to look around this cute little shop. I was pretty excited considering my brother's birthday is days away and it looks like a really fun shop. I am in a scooter so it took me a bit to get into the store but that was ok, I don't mind doing things myself but upon entering I was never greeted. I brushed this off because she was helping someone else. I waited ten minutes and the woman working the counter never acknowledged I was even there. I felt she could have said welcome feel free to look around and I will be with you in a moment. Maybe it was just me but I felt she was very rude and I will never be returning to this establishment. I may be disabled but I am not stupid! I know how customer service works and when you suck at it it is not worth my time to return to your place of business. I am very disappointed that such a cute shop has such a crappy person working there.
2	The 1st time we saw this establishment we were INTERESTED BUT IT was Sunday and they were closed. 6 mos. later I was in the area and I'm looking for a treat for my family, asked a stranger for directions and made my way over there.  One lady walked in seconds 6 seconds before me.  I was greeted by the same attendant and proceeded to look around.  A lady came out gave me a sample of two items.  SO FAR SO GOOD!  Then the crazy began!  She was great w/ me stepping aside, looking at merchandise (like the cute insulated bag) while calling home to see what my other family members wanted, she just turned her attention to the 2 new people who came in.  My family was with me the orig. Sunday so I knew they wanted something-I wanted to get it right.  All I kept hearing between calls was " do you know what you want now, which ones do you want, what do you want?  WOW!  in retrospect-maybe I should have stepped outside to make my calls discreet but by that time the others were served and GONE!  Just 3 clerks, asking me between each call what DO YOU WANT!  WOW! I told them, they bagged them up, put a sticker on them, I paid and left!!!  I Was smiling-2 had WEIRD SMIRKS-OK!  WHEN I GOT HOME I REALIZED WHY!!THEY JUST GAVE ME WHAT THEY WANTED- JUST TO PROVE I GUESS HOW 3 EXTRA MINUTES TO CHECK PREFERENCES WERE WASTED TIME-TO THEM AND THEY MADE SURE IT WAS WASTED TIME FOR US-THE CONSUMERS! What's WORSE - I agree with other comments made-my mom's cake is better!  THE FROSTED IS GOOD but IT'S NECESSARY, anyway it was the deliberate giving me the wrong cake that bothered me!  I KNOW- THEY'LL COUNTER AND SAY IT WASN'T ON PURPOSE-THAT'S HOW INSIDIOUSNESS WORKS!  That's why I'm POSTING!  RUDENESS SEEMS TO BE A COMPANY MANDATE for some as noted by DIONE G. BELOW, I GUESS THAT weirdness is supposed to INFER CLASS BUT it doesn't it just runs off paying, HAPPY customers!  I'd rather patronize a "real family bakery or even "NORDSTROM'S" for tastier High-Class Pastries with MUCH BETTER SERVICE and nothing to prove and so should you!!!
5	Delicious!!!! No other words to describe it! I came in looking for mini bundt cakes and knew I couldn't just get 2 for a friend and I but 12 was the smallest portion available. 12?! I like places with more options, or at least 6 would have been nice. Luckily I was able to get a variety pack And try lots if different flavors! My daughter ate both of the chocolate chocolate before they even made it home for papa, the original chocolate lover. My favorite are the red velvet and I'm looking forward to trying the gingerbread they offer for the holidays.
5	The first time that I've tried Bundt cakes was when I attended a bridal shower a couple of years ago. I didn't like the chocolate cake because it was too sweet for me. I guess it just depends on a person. Today, I had the opportunity to try it again, my boss gave me a pecan praline bundtini. Omg! It was so good! My mouth is watering, just thinking of it. So after work, I went straight to the store. When I got there, I tried pumpkin spice at the sample station. To be honest, I don't like pumpkin but I'm starting to like it now. The lady who helped me was nice, she told me to stick around for the white chocolate raspberry samples. I can't help it. The cakes are really moist and the icing is not too sweet this time. I wanna go back and try the red velvet. I bought 4! Lemon, marble, pumpkin spice (which is available until thanksgiving) and my favorite, pecan praline. I'm gonna go broke, it's right across the street from my work.
5	We love these cakes and this location. Always great selection of yummy cakes, sold by friendly sales staff. There is almost always one customer ahead of us, but rarely more than one, and we have never had to wait long. Parking has never been a problem either.
5	The cakes were delicious. My pregnant wife told me she wanted cake in a text so I Yelped "cake".  I got a double chocolate and a red velvet. They were exactly what she wanted. I'll be back again for sure.
5	I never liked bundt cakes but when someone brought these into work I was hooked!! I stopped at this one on the way home from work and they greeted me right away and offered me a sample of their new flavor. I told her I had never been in here before so she took the time to explain what my options were. I settled on the sampler (12 mini's) and asked if there was anyway I could substitute red velvet for 2 chocolates and she said I would pick and mis-match whatever flavors I wanted! And the price was very low from what I expected.The only small complaint is there were two others that ordered the sampler packs after me too and when they went to the back to package them I had to wait a long time because they decided to package all of them at once instead of just bringing me mine once they were ready. I'll be back VERY soon!!
5	I'm another one of those who didn't like bundt cakes until I tried these. My boyfriend's aunt was kind enough to give me some slices back around Super Bowl weekend. I went in today  to get 3 bundtlets, two in cinnamon swirl and one in red velvet. The people working there were very friendly and glad to help. There is a seasonal flavor, peanut butter chocolate, which I sampled. I like how the bundtlets come in a convenient, resealable container. It's way less messier than eating a cupcake or regular piece of cake.@DaniJ, when you are on a cell phone the same time that you're trying to order something, chances are you messed up what you said, and that's why you ended up with what you got. I can't tell you how many times I've seen that same situation. :P
5	I absolutely love eating desserts and had to try this place after hearing great reviews from friends. I had pretty high hopes going in and was definitely not disappointed!!! Might be one of the best cakes I've ever had! The cake was perfectly light and airy while the frosting was not too sweet. There are about 8-10 regular flavors you can chose from and I ended up getting the pecan bundt cake. It was delicious! I would definitely go again and recommend everyone go try it for themselves!
5	Just came to order my Easter cakes and of course bring a couple of the littles ones home for tonight. Best cakes I've had in the valley. Worth the drive for me. Moist and delicious.
4	While this is a very expensive novelty bakery, it is my go to shop for special occasion  gifts or the minis for when I'm craving a cake and just am not feeling a cupcake! Their cake is very moist and rich and the cream cheese frosting is perfect (but no extra, please!). I am actually pretty close to the Mayo Clinic so I pop in to their food court and grab a mini on occasion from there since it's closest to me. Love the red velvet and chocolate chip!
5	This place is addicting... good luck making it out of there with only one treat. AND they get you by having samples so it just confuses you because its all so good... I haven't found a flavor that isn't my favorite yet.
5	Oh my gosh! I love this place! I can't wait for someone else's birthday to return and get them another cake! We got the red velvet cake for my boyfriends mother with heart shaped sparklers! This was the cutest thing ever ! The cake was amazing! Karen was the one that helped me place my order and it was my first time but she was so nice over the phoneI have nothing but good things to say about this place! I love it so much!!!!
4	I've had this bookmarked for a while & a friend had told be about how delicious their cakes are.  I sent my husband & he read off a list of flavors for me over the phone, me thinking they are little tiny things I had him get me 3.  I couldn't believe how HUGE these were! It took me days to finish 1! If I remember correctly they were $4 a piece which isn't bad considering most cupcakes are around that price & their bundt cakes were much larger.  I tried Lemon, White Chocolate Raspberry & Pecan Praline. They were all amazing but the Pecan Praline really stood out.  Very moist cake & delicious cream cheese icing. YUM!
5	This place delivers some of the most scrumptious baked goods on the planet.  Every place that I have taken a Nothing Bundt Cakes bundtlet (personal size), full size cake or bundtini (bite size)  has created a huge buzz. The cinnamon, lemon (and lemon rasberry, when in season) carrot and marble flavors are standouts (although they are all great). The cakes are so moist. The service is always friendly and frequently goes over and above to ensure the best customer experience.  I have been to the Thunderbird store several times to get goods for family gatherings and office events (at least that is what I tell people when spotted w all the boxes)  I understand that there will be a location in Goodyear in 2015.  Yeah!!! a shortened travel time for my Bundt Fix will be just fab.   The only bad thing (and most people won't consider this bad) is that sometimes there is a little too much frosting.  You can request a lighter version. I love this place.
4	I feel the prices were exorbident - it is just ice cream. Tastes like other ice cream from any other place or even the grocery store. They have some good ideas for their menu, but I won't go back due to the price.
