5	Looking for a good dentist? Legacy Dental Group is your place! Dr. Louis Core is very professional, knowledgeable, and downright friendly. The office staff is polite and professional. Dr. Core has been my dentist for years now and I drive a good distance to go see him. But the real reason I go to Legacy has nothing to do with Dr. Core and EVERYTHING to do with Nancy, my hygenist.  I have never had a moment of pain or discomfort while in Nancy's care. She can do a cleaning so fast you won't believe it...and it's a GREAT cleaning.  She's hilariously funny and she never makes you feel bad if you aren't the best flosser in the world. Legacy's office is also very kid friendly. Dr. Core has a bushel of kids himself so he understands how important it is to make kids comfortable, especially at the dentist. And Nancy is great with kids too. Took my son today and he actually said he LIKES going to the dentist! Go see Dr. Core and Nancy. You won't regret it.
1	My family and myself have been going to Legacy Dental Group for many years. We still think that Dr. Core is a fine dentist. However, I recently ran into a billing problem with them and have been treated with extreme disrespect, rudeness, and even name calling from their billing person, Stephanie (who happens to be Dr. Core's wife). I have been going through an appeals process between Legacy, and my Insurance company during which time my account was on hold. However I was sent to a collection agency by Stephanie during this time, even though I paid my account in full, which was arranged with their receptionist, Jeremy. Even after paying the account, I am still harassed daily by this collections agency. My suggestion for Dr Core; Don't put your wife in chage of billing. Hire a new billing person to remove any kind of emotional and personal connection between the company and the patient.
5	My first visit with Dr Core was great. I needed a tooth removed and was very nervous about it. He talked to me for about 45min to calm me down and walk me through the procedure. I've got another appointment with him next week for a follow-up and couldn't be happier with him and his staff. Jeremy was a breeze to work with on scheduling as I work nights and have limited time during the day. I wish they were open weekends though. Nancy is the coolest assistant I've ever met. She and my wife got along so well it's like they're best friends. I would recommend this place to anyone in need of a new dentist.
5	Dr. Core and his staff are professional, friendly and most important, informative.  The last experience I had with a dentist prior to visiting Legacy Dental Group left a bad taste in my mouth (HA!).  While being examined the dentist and hygienist both ignored me and spoke to each other about me like I wasn't present.  At several points I asked questions, at appropriate breaks in the all-so exciting exam process, about what the terminology they were using meant and I was answered each time with disdain by the hygienist. At the end of the exam I began to ask the dentist questions directly and he cut me off, stating that I need to reserve my questions for the front desk staff.My experience at Legacy, with Dr. Core and his staff, couldn't have been more different.  They clearly explained each step of each procedure they performed and answered all of my questions. They included me in their conversations and showed the utmost concern for my comfort. The office is ultra clean and modern which caused my first impression to be that their prices would reflect the overheard of their office.  After my exam they explained and priced my treatment; I took that information home and did some comparison shopping with some of the "bargain" dentist offices in the valley and Legacy's pricing was actually a few dollars less than the lowest quotes I received elsewhere.I was completed satisfied by my experience with Legacy Dental and will be returning.
5	I have been struggling and searching for a new dentist since I got kicked off of insurance two years ago. Legacy Dental left me very impressed. I tried them out with their Living Social deal, which included a basic cleaning, Xrays and exam for $29. I figured, with no insurance, at this price, why not?  I went to my appointment today, wondering how I would be treated as a new patient with a discount. I felt like all the staff made a full effort with me and that I got the same care as if I paid full price. In addition, Dr. Core gives the best discounts for cash-paying patients that I have found in the Valley, so I definitely intend to continue my dental care here.I also want to mention that his practice utilizes plenty of new technology and the whole office and exam rooms are very clean and pleasing. I would highly recommend this dental office.
5	Dr Core takes care of my entire family, including the dental phobe (Read as: Me).My kids have had fillings and a root canal and they are still excited about going to see him. I had some extensive work done as I had not been to a dentist in years. I am happy to smile now and will be getting my bleaching trays soon.Pros: Great office staff, email and text appointment reminders, Dr. Core is really patient and good with people.Cons: None.
5	I moved here from ND in January. Searched reviews for a dentist and liked the reviewsfor Legacy. They are great from the rreceptionist to my wonderful dentist Jennifer Talbott. I am sooooo happy with my new dentist. If you are looking for a good dentist, I highly recommend Jennifer Talbott.
5	I want to preface my review by saying I am probably a dentist's worst nightmare. I'm flinchy and scared. I unabashedly cry and I think everything is going to hurt. I am afraid of doctors in general and denstists are not exempt.But what does a fraidy cat do when they have excruiating dental pain? Where do we go when we are nervous and scared? Where can we turn if it has been years since we have even been to the dentist and we are embarassed and ashamed of the current state of our teeth?We can turn to Dr. Core. He is quite possibly one of the nicest people I have ever met and he is totally easy to trust and talk to about your concerns. I didn't really want to hear about what was going on and he kept the facts quick and easy to understand. He helped matain my focus about the positive side of getting my necessary work done, and he didn't make me feel guilty or nervous. He didn't even judge me for my silly crying which was a comforting bonus. Everyone at the office is very pleasant and hospitable. After my inital visit I referred a couple of scaredy-cat friends of mine and they can't thank me enough.I am sure you will thank me too.
1	If I could give a half star or none at all, I would. Went to Dr. Core for invisalign and was totally cheated out of my time and money....after 18 months of treatment and minor oral surgery my original issue was never resolved with Dr. Core....I ended up having to spend more money and an additional year with a ORTHODONTIST to correct my cosmetic problem.Dr. Core will push invisalign treatment even if the patient does not qualify for the service because he does not do traditional braces and can charge more. You've been warned, get a second opinion..third if needed before going with Dr. Core.
5	Oh man, where to start? I'm a big dude but the thought of dental work puts me into the state of mind of being 10 years old and in the fetal position full of terror. One step into Dr. Core's office alleviated all of that anxiety.Dr. Core and all of his staff have been completely understanding and sympathetic to my concerns and when I learned that the extensive work I needed done could be completed while I was sedated, I was sold. In the three or four appointments I've had with them, they have rarely left me alone. I've never felt like a random patient waiting in a cold room. They actually have made me feel like I was the only patient in the place. This pleased my ego.All of the work that needed to be done (and ultimately was done) was explained in detail to me so that I always knew what was going on and what to expect. After my oral surgery, Dr. Core called me personally on a Saturday night to make sure I was okay. I was shocked when I answered the phone. How many doctors do that anymore???Every member of the staff has been amazing to work with and very friendly. My insurance coverage was broken down and explained to me in great detail before any work was done.I have found the dentist I will be going to for a long, long time. If you have any anxiety about dentists, you will not be disappointed in how you're treated here. Don't avoid dentists like I did. Just go here. You'll be happy you did.
5	I landed in Dr. Core's office with a toothache. I have a pretty substantial fear of the dentist, and I was scared/nervous.  Dr. Core took such great care of me - he performed a root canal on my tooth earlier this week and it was a great experience.  His assistant named Cynthia was more like a sweet grandma, literally holding my hand and comforting me through my fear - while Dr. Core was so gentle and patient, I didn't even feel the numbing shots in my mouth.  I was amazed at the lack of pain involved and how he was so insistent on making sure that I was comfortable.  I give Dr. Core my absolute highest recommendation, especially if you have any type of dental phobia/anxiety and have put off going to the dentist.  He is absolutely worth the drive and like another reviewer stated, you will be very, very glad that you chose Dr. Core!
5	Awesome I love it here.  I've been coming to Dr Core for years back to when he was still on Cactus.  Service is outstanding, they are friendly and never do I have to wait like most doctor offices.  My entire family comes here and we will continue to do so.  I switched for a bit as it was a bit of a drive for me but I hates the new dentist so much that I hurried back regardless of the drive.  Cynthia is so awesome, Jeremy is super friendly and in general the entire staff is on point.
5	Dr Louis Core and his team are da bomb .... I recently moved back to the Valley and tried another dentist before returning here... no comparison.  Louis truly "walks the walk".  I am in between jobs, currently uninsured-  they barely charged me to check out a problem that I'm concerned about.Don't bother with the 'coupon deals' ... go to DR LOUIS CORE!!!ps- I am not employed by Dr Core, nor am I a relative of his.
5	Who likes dentists? Nobody, right? So, I took a look back on all the dentists I've ever had and it was pretty easy to say that Dr. Core and the staff at Legacy are my favorite.I go in, I get my cleaning, I get my xrays, I get straight-talk, everyone is friendly and helpful, they are amazing with my children.I've never had a problem with billing, scheduling, insurance, or anything at all with these people. The office is always clean, and they have bottled water (and sometimes cookies...I know right? weird for a dentist office to serve sweets) in the lobby.Legacy Dental Group has made my four year old son excited to see the dentist. That should say enough right there.
5	Okay, so I'm totally afraid of dentists and have only been to the dentist 2x in 25 years, both times for a crisis. Yikes! It took 3....yes 3! simultaneous infections at the same time to drive me to the dentist a few months ago. Talk about pain city. Using Yelp, I chose Dr. Core, made an appt, loaded up on Ibuprofen and went in. Terrified. But desperate. I knew my teeth were a mess, but Dr. Core didn't judge and said it wasn't the totally hopeless car wreck I thought it was (you know, a "pull em all out" type scenario). He came up with a plan for this year and next year, so I wouldn't max out too much with my insurance this year. Then they showed me what the insurance would pay and what I would pay, which ended up being spot on. He gave me something to control my anxiety and then, well, the adventure began: 3 root canals and 2 crowns in 4 weeks. I don't remember much from the visits: a drill sound here, a funny joke there, but no anxiety and no pain (this from someone so anxious I was even anxious about taking the pill for anxiety!!!). He made my crowns & put them on right after the root canals, and when one crown needed a very minor adjustment, he did it the next day, easy-peasy.  It's so great not feeling pain anymore and to be able to actually chew my food with both sides of my mouth! I should also mention that his assistants are just as nice, competent, and empathetic as he is. Dr. Core rocks!  (and tells some pretty funny jokes, too).  If you're a scaredy cat like me, don't wait if you are having problems. Or better yet, don't wait until you do have problems. Just go.
