1	It's a shame that these people have a monopoly on waste collection in this city, because they're a bunch of fucking morons. Seriously... How fucking hard is it to empty a bin, put it in front of the house you got it from, and put the goddamn lid back on it? Apparently they hire people who don't even have a third grade education, because for the past 2 months I've had nothing but problems from them, including not emptying bins, leaving bins up on the neighboring house's property, leaving the lids off during a windstorm so they blow all the way up the street.It even took 10 calls and actual threats made against someone there, to get them to investigate a lien that the seller of one of the homes I recently bought, and why it wasn't paid off even with a check number and amount matching. Turns out some illiterate moron put it in the wrong account... an account that was closed a long time ago... and just left it. People. I should not have to THREATEN YOU WITH BODILY HARM to get service.
3	You know it's trash pick up day when you see toppled down empty trash cans along the street with loose bits of trash. If you have palm trees, you better wrap up the stalks with rope or twine because they will just leave it there if it is loose, on the curb. As homeowners, we are stuck. Payments are quarterly. The office is located on Sahara, just down the street, from where we live. Parking is limited to the street as the lot is for employees only. There is a drop box if you want to avoid all that, though, which is convenient. Inside, there are two windows, where a customer service rep will take your payments. Service is pretty fast, as there is just one other person in line or being helped (whenever I've gone). Saturday hours are limited. In addition to the drop box and the office, you can now make payments online on the website or by phone. Or just get it set up with your bank billpay or www.mycheckfree.com.
3	For those of you who don't live in Vegas, this is the company that picks up your trash and recycled items.  In the 17+ years I've lived here, they only get 3 Stars from me.  Here's why:PROS- They pick up trash on holidays.- They never miss a scheduled pickup day.- They will pickup trash up to 6 feet long.CONS- They pick up the recycled items later in the day, which can make the neighborhood messy if it's a windy day.- They always leave the trash can in the street instead of near the sidewalk.  Sometimes, they leave the trashcan at the neighbor's house next door.- They sometimes leave some trash in the can.Overall, it's not bad.....bottom line, there's no other option, so I'll have to live with it!  Thanks @Misti Y for the inspiration to review the trash guys!
2	Republic Services is allowed to charge what I view as too much money for the service they provide, in my view Republic Services disappointingly fails to provide and perform the service to an acceptable level of quality for which they are overpaid, and I believe Republic Services unjustifiably demands a rate increase on a periodic basis that far exceeds a reasonable level increase and frequency of increase.Republic Services is the government services company that removes trash and recycling in my Las Vegas neighborhood of Enterprise. Although my experience with their polite Customer Service employees has been good and trash removal is supposed to be twice a week, I think the price is not fair in comparison with other municipalities I have lived in and in my opinion the quality and consistency of service is poor.Unfortunately, on my street in Enterprise, the people working for Republic Services aren't very motivated. Trash winds up all over the street, my trash receptical is never fully emptied even though I make every effort to back everything, and once they just "Forgot" to collect my garbage. The polite customer service representative said the "Supervisor" would be out the next day to collect it, and that I should just leave it out where I normally do. Guess what? I got a warning from my homeowners' association because my full garbage can was waiting to be emptied by a supervisor of Republic Services who never showed up because my route workers "FORGOT" me.Republic Services gets two stars because Republic Services could be run better. It's not about the trash. It's about the contract between the business and the community. Be moral. Do the right thing....because it is the right thing to do. Stop doing the wrong thing. And quit protecting obviously bad workers who need to be fired. And pay someone to get a real web presence instead of hiring your brother-in-law the high school kid to do it.
3	Somebody at Republic must have noticed I was having trouble coping.with more recyclables than containers in which to keep them as a lot of my garbage was recyclable stuff. This morning, without grandeur, I was provided more recycling containers left on my curbside. I almost felt like I was apologized to. :) That was a really nice touch.
4	Welcome to Budget Cutback City!Our regular recycle and trash day is Friday, but sure enough Saturday afternoon came and the entire neighborhood still had all their trash and recyclables sitting on the curb.Fortunately, just as I was noticing all that, in rolls the crew from Republic like a hurricane ... chu-chunk chu-chunk BrrewRRR! *SPLOOSH* thikTHAKthikTHAK ... and off they go.A day late and a dollar short, but I'll take it. Good job, guys!
1	Finally decided to create a yelp account just so I could rant about Republic Services. When we lived in Vegas, these guys were great! Service twice a week, relatively cheap, and they would take anything I threw on the curb. Even an old couch! IT wasn't until about 4 years after we moved out of state that the issues came up.When we left Vegas, we canceled the service, and everything was cool. We couldn't sell the house we decided to rent it out. I guess when a property is rented the owner is still responsible for trash. Trash bills supposedly kept coming, but no one ever got them. Republic Services never made any attempts to contact me, just kept letting the bills, liens, and court fees piling up. 3 years down the road, our tenant is gone and we are trying to do a short sale on the place. My agent just happened to notice that there is now an $800 lien on the property. I contacted Rep Services and they said to cancel the trash service, I need to produce a final electric bill, showing power has been shut off (to verify the property is vacant). They keep citing the "City Ordinance" that required this (Its true, I looked it up. LVCO 9.08.210 paragraph (B)). I called NV Energy, since the power is under the tenants name, they cannot give me the bill, or even release it to Rep Services. So I have to track down the tenant (property manager was NO help- look for another review on them coming soon!) myself, get her to get a copy of the bill, send it to me, so I can send it to Rep Services. It took me months, but I was finally able to get it, now they are saying it's not the right one, it doesn't say FINAL BILL on it, etc...  I get the run around every time I call. Meanwhile, I'm still stuck paying for trash service at an empty house, and my short sale is being help up even more than normal because of this. What really pisses me off is that Republic Services has not make ONE attempt to contact me, send me a bill, or notice, replied to an email, nothing! I am constantly having to call to get updates, and of course, get a different rep every time. Whoever wrote that damn ordinance has got to be in bed with Republic Services, and should have put in a provision for GETTING a power bill if it is going to be required.
2	At least twice per month Republic Services skips picking up my trash. I've complained five or six times now and they always send out a truck to pick it up, but I shouldn't have to call. I think it may be due to people parking in front of my trash can, but I can't help that. I live across from an elementary school and it is a public street. I've seen better service in a park. Furthermore, when my trash is emptied, I find the can in the middle of the street, which is kind of stupid considering I rent the can from them. They have to replace it when it gets run over! I am currently fighting with them to pick up my trash from Thanksgiving (note the date of this review)!!  After four calls, it was finally picked up on Tuesday night, but they only took half of it. Why? Now I'm calling them again on Wednesday to get them to pick it up, but my regular day is Thursday. Chances are, they may pick it up tomorrow on the regular pick up day. If I was that slow to respond to the bill, they would file a lien on my house! I wonder if I can file a lien against their building....
5	Republic Services rocks!!!
5	Amazing company! The best one in Vegas!
1	bad company, sometimes good but mostly bad. have ask for pickup of some palm fronds from a tree trimming and they promised twice to pick up after the original trash day service missed them. they are still in the driveway.
5	Second to none! Great company!
5	Yeah!!! Go Republic Services!!!!
4	We missed one collection day when we first moved to LsVs and had to haul our moving day trash to the dump. We were asked for proof of residence. We hadn't yet received a bill from Republic and hadn't changed drivers' licenses or anything. All I had was a prescription I'd had filled earlier that morning. The friendly and understanding booth worker accepted it. Once inside the dump (which is a marvel to behold), my husband and I jumped out of the truck to unload the trash, like we'd do at other dumps. Almost immediately, an employee rushed over to help and the most amazing sort of help was that he slipped a piece of clean cardboard under our feet so we wouldn't get the floor of the vehicle dirty! It was even better than valet parking at the Cosmopolitan!So why not 5 stars? I'm not yet sure how I feel about having 2 trash collection days per week...is it a good use of resources? I'll have a think on it.
5	The people who complained about Republic Services don't  know what they're talking about. They are a great company that put the  customer first.
5	Our neighborhood was just switched to the new single stream recycling program and I'm sure there is a learning curve on collecting with the new trucks/arms/variable container sizes but the drivers have been great. Even the day that the papers flew out of the recycling container, the driver picked them up off the street and placed back in his truck. The neighborhood looks nicer with the closed tubs so thank you for bringing to Henderson!
1	THE ONLY OPTION FOR GARBAGE SERVICE IN LAS VEGAS/CLARK COUNTY.Republic Services is the worst utility company in Southern Nevada.  I have yet to get the "streamlined" service.  No one needs trash pick-up twice a week and having recycling pick-up every other week only encourages people not to recycle.  The collectors are marginal at best.  Every time I have a pick-up, my garbage can and recycling bins are never returned to the curb in an orderly fashion.  Rather, they are thrown towards the general vicinity of my driveway.  It is very common to find them in the middle of the street or in front of my neighbor's house.I have also had numerous missed pick-ups in the past seven years.  I've never heard of entire neighborhoods being missed by a garbage truck, yet mine has been missed at least four times in the last seven years.When you have a question or concern, they treat you terribly.  If you ask for a supervisor, they say they'll have one call back but they never do.
1	Of course we think that when we pay 300.00 a month for trash pickup at our business, we should get what we pay for... yeah, I know that's a funny one.We've got drivers who expect us to push the big ole dumpster about 50 feet from the side of our building so its convenient for them, when they don't pick it up they say call Republic.  Then they say...we show you've complained in the past, but we're not going to do anything about it.Worst...Company...Ever.If you're only going to pick up the trash half the time, then cut my bill by half.  If you're going to charge me for a service...deliver the dang service.  What's so difficult after all?
1	So after 3 months of service, things are not getting any better.  When we are missed (which is often) we have to call and notify them of the "miss" then, they have an opportunity to make the pick up the next day.  If they still do not, then we can request (aka fight for) a credit for the miss.  I don't understand why it is so difficult for a driver to drive down a commercial ally, see their sticker on their dumpster and pick it up..Call me crazy, but these guys are still really aweful.
1	Another Friday, another blatant miss by our Republic Services Driver.  Drove right past us while we were out in the parking lot.  Called and asked them what the deal was...once again...we'll escalate, call the route manager...etc.
5	Here in Anthem, they always do a great job.  Their roll-out of the new, more efficient containers was well coordinated and informative beforehand.  Just hope my bill is reduced because they only collect once a week now.
1	Had to call them after moving here from out of state.  I was about a month of missed service, they informed me that they have no obligation or responsibility to notify new home owners of how to establish an account and start trash pick up.  Called and talked with numerous people to adjust my bill and they wouldn't.  They said it law to have trash pickup.  OK, then since they use county records to start billing I asked why not send out a post card or letter stating what to do, was told they didn't have to.  As I asked to be bumped up the chain, I just got threatened, with them saying they will put a lien against my home and I will pay.I contacted the mayors office, they said that Republic would contact me, never did!  Contacted the BBB and nothing became of it, no response at all.  I thought the city had some control over regulating business in Vegas, guess Republic coats the city council's pocket because, weather I like the answer or not I was never contacted, but to actually threaten people is unbelievable and the Mayors office lets them get away with it.  All I was asking for was an adjustment to the bill and notify people since they have their noses in the county records.
2	I called the customer service line to complain about the garbage men breaking my garbage can. The man on the phone was so rude. I am in customer service. When someone asks how you are doing, the right response is an answer. Instead he kept saying, How can I help you? I ask again and again he cant respond. Then  he refuses to speak to me because my boyfriends name is on account. I live at the same address. I think his name is Chris. Then we find out that they wont even fix their mistake. Terrible service. Is it that much to ask for politeness ?
1	After my rental trash can not being picked up, I called a second time to make arrangements.  Carla said that it would be picked up within two weeks from when I called. I called November 22nd 2013. The trash can was picked up over the holidays. They continued to bill me for this container until now - June 2014. When I called again, Veronica stated matter of factly that it was picked up in March 2014. I told her that she was wrong and that I needed to speak to someone else. She asked for my number (the number on file is obviously my contact number) and says that someone else will call back. The people who work in the call center are shady and operate in round about manners.  If you are turning in a rental container, call them the moment you see that it's been taken back - to confirm that they have it and you will no longer be billed.  Otherwise they'll continue to bill you and give you a bogus date of when it was picked up.  Document every email and phone correspondence if you're returning a rental.
1	Missed out trash 2 weeks in a row. Henderson 89012 And so far there customer representative was a total douche while trying To get an answer about the bulk pick ups because usually our trash are picked up regularly. No excuses to miss our trash but so far twice now. They do not deserve tips specially on holidays because we so tip them. And if you don't tip them. They would throw your trash cans away from where it was picked up or left side ways in disrespect. City needs to clean up there systems because we are paying them out of our pockets.  Company is a mess. They don't even know who's working what in what areas.
1	Republic Services is AWFUL. We live in Henderson 89074 & they miss about 1 week out of every month for our trash disposal. They pick up the neighbors & skip ours because they know the dumpster won't hook up. This dumpster was "new-ish" when they delivered it and now it is bent, rusted, doesn't roll, lids won't close & the trash falls out onto the street when it's dumped because they can no longer properly attach the truck to it to their trucks. We've been calling for MONTHS about missed pick up services (that are paid for) the drivers on the trucks (3 diff trucks) have said they can't pick the dumpster up & told us not to put trash back in it until it's replaced & when we call Republic Services they say if they HAVE TO replace the dumpster THEY'RE CHARGING US FOR IT! All our missed pickups, picking trash in our street that they dump & just leave & the dumpster is beat up by their drivers & their opinion is don't put trash it it or that we are responsible for it now that their guys have beat the bag out of it!? The representative today 'Lisa' was out right rude & ignorant & says, "if they're "giving" us a new dumpster we're paying for it." What a joke!
1	Horrible customer service!!! I missed one 1 in my account number to pay my bill and I was charged 25.00 for entering the wrong account number!!! I called thinking I have been here paying for over 5 years now and have never done that. Surely they will credit the 25.00 for the typo. Oooo no!!! Bend over and have to take it! Along with all the trash left on the street when they dump the trash!! PLEASE SOMEONE OFFER US ANOTHER OPTION!!!!
2	I just spoke with Tasha from Republic services.  She was not helpful at all.  She could not answer my questions and would not try to solve my problem.  I found her to be very rude, but in a "fake-nice" way.  She kept saying, "but Merry Christmas", talking to me like I was underneath her.  I wish there was a different company to switch too.  I was going to leave NV Republic alone, since even though they switched us from 2 days to one and charge the same amount.   I was ok because they gave us new trash cans.  But now they are missing pickups, and leave the trash can everywhere after pickup.  I am a board member on my association and others have sent in complaints to the HOA.  Now I feel the urge to respond to everything.This is an add on edit to this review.So I called Republic Services back and Daylene helped me.  She answered my questions, guided me in the right direction, and solved my problem.  I feel a little torn with a a one star review because Daylene should get 5 start]s herself, but she does not represent the entire company.   Also, Tasha was not good and deserved one star.  So I am going to change this review to 2 stars.   If I could leave two reviews I would leave 5 stars for Darlene and one star for Tasha.
1	Republic Services does not list telephone numbers on their website. What kind of service is that? I had to come to yelp for their telephone number.They make it very diffult for customers; they really don't want to talk to you. I've seen this kind of unfriendly practice in many business. They do have an email response screen, so they DON"T want to talk to you. I am disgusted with business that hide behind the website and do not offer a phone number. They have no competition in this area.... so try to abuse your customers more often, ok?Arleen
