1	When you order a calzone you think you would get a calzone 40 minutes goes by I have to get a pizza because somebody didn't place the order correctly thanks for wasting time on my father daughter date
1	Slow service, bad pizza. The only good thing was they had 5 TVs and had the World Cup playing which we wanted to see. Other than that yuck. Pizza was greasy and undercooked.
4	Found Boka randomly one day, and has been one of my favorite pizza places since! The servers and friendly. I've met the owner a couple times and he is joyfully friendly as well! The Pizza is delicious and there are many choices! There is a little wait because they cook in a brick in an oven but it's well worth the wait! Also, they have great prices on beer! So grab a beer while you wait for your pizza to cook and hang out! Love this place!
1	What a terrible experience. Today was my first time eating at Boka Pizza as this is my first day working downtown. Darius took my order and was nice and inviting being a first time customer. When I opened my order once I got back to work I realized it was all wrong. I ordered the cheese steak and asked for no mushrooms on it. It was mainly loaded with veggies with a lot of mushrooms. I figured well at least I have onion ring I get to enjoy only to find out that they gave me fries which were mostly soggy and uncooked. I also got to the bottom of my root beer to find little hard black plastic like specks. I only noticed them after feeling them in my mouth and in my throat. I have no idea what they were and I generally would not gripe so much but the fact I paid $15.19 for a drink half sandwich and onions rings is outrageously stupid. Needless to say I will never go back there nor will I ever promote this place of business since they cannot read a receipt, listen to customers and have no level of cleanliness with the crap I found down in my drink. I think I will also be giving the health dept. a call since I don't know what I ingested.
2	I should have done better 'due diligence' on the front end and maybe never have walked in here to begin with.  It is hard to be a pizza joint in this part of town considering all the outstanding competition in the neighborhood too.  Everything looked pre-made and not fresh.  All the pizzas were preheated with toppings on them ready to go, before you even get there, then they fire it in an oven when a pizza is ordered.  Since the pizzas didn't look particularly appetizing, I had asked about substituting capicola (which was on another sub on the menu) for the ham on the Italian sub and the server said they were already pre-prepared.  I opted for the barbeque chicken pizza the gentleman at the counter suggested.  The crust was not good; it was kind of like Boboli bread.  The servers were nice, but unfortunately I can not say the same for the food.
5	I think the pizza here is great! Look forward to going several times a week. Meat lovers is awesome.
4	This is definitely my go-to pizza place! All of the food is great-even the wings! The prices are very reasonable and there's a 10% discount for ASU students! It's really hard to go wrong here.
3	I came in this week to grab a quick slice in between meetings. I love pizza - any kind. When I've had a busy schedule at work, I usually come in and grab a slice and sometimes get it cold because I'm moving so quickly.  I was surprised to find your new made to order format.  I was short on time but gave it a try.  Pros: 1) I love that you can get as many toppings as you want for the same price.  That's awesome. 2) Coke products - yay!  great choice. 3) The pizza was really good.  It hit the spot.  Cons: 1) There are no grab and go options. You have to order and wait for it. I went after 1pm but I imagine there is a long line at noon.  It takes a full 5 minutes to cook. I wanted it to go and then I had to wait for them to box up. Seems silly to complain about another minute but I just wanted to go fast. 2) cost - pizza and a drink was over $10.  I usually came in for a slice and a drink for $5. I recommend that you consider some type of cheaper option for the lunch crowd if you are going to make this work.  Maybe a smaller pizza size for $5? I know your audience is not kids but a smaller size would work for that population too.I'd love to see you make this work because a slice of pizza during the work day is my preference for lunch. I was excited to see a place to get slices when I took this position downtown. LOVE the coca cola products (I used to go next door for a coke). Big plus!
