5	We were able to get a great cut of brisket here, just over 3lbs which is just what we wanted.  It may look scarce when you walk in but most of the meat is kept in the back so just ask.  In addition to pastrami brisket you can get corned beef brisket, chicken, and assorted other deli meats.  They have have a grocer section where we were able to pick up challah rolls (mmm...challah french toast anyone?), matzo meal for latkes and my husband's favorite pickles- Ba Tampte.  There are also lots of other selections ranging from candy to cous cous to egg flakes and cereals.  They have a pizza place next door (which may have deli offerings as well...) called King Solomon's but Segals itself is just a pure butcher and grocer.  Having grown up with kosher pizza we opted to not grab a slice because to be honest, kosher pizza isn't all that good.
4	Ok, I have been meaning to go here forever.  As a Jewish Girl, I like to know where to get Kosher stuff.I really did not know what to expect when arriving.  The store was smaller then I had expected, but carried a full line of items.  The meat case is where I hung out at most.  I decided to not get any meat here, as I was more just kind of getting an idea of what they carried more then anything else.They also have a resturant here, but it was being revamped, so it wasnt really open.  I was kind of dissapointed, but its only temporary.  The staff here is small, but personable and will answer your questions if you should have any.  Please do not be intimidated when shopping here-its not just for us Jewish folks!! Its for everyone!I would return here in the future, but probably not on a regular weekly basis.  They have Challah, which I love, and one or two other things that I like to have around the house that are hard to find elsewhere around the Valley here at times.You should also know that due to the Sabbath, the close early on Fridays, and are closed all day Saturday.  They are open Sundays though!!
3	What is important about this place is that it services a very particular client very well.  The decor isn't so hot and neither is the product selection, but they do offer what they do.If you are looking for a kosher butcher, here is one.  If you are looking for products from Israel, here they are.The magic of this place is the restaurant they have attached.  Chinese food and deli in the same place!  What?!?!
2	Pastrami tasted good, but had a lot of tough tissue, and was near impossible to bite through. Rye bread was low-quality.Curly fries were tasty.Cole slaw was yummy! Really the highlight of the meal.Lemon bar was delicious, if a bit subdued. (I like the lemon to pucker my face)The brownie was warm and chocolatey, but too many nuts.Probably my only visit, unless someone invites me.
4	Pastrami on onion, YUM!!
