3	One of the only dependable computer shops this end of the city, Silicon is a bit of a lifesaver for the west enders. I've never been in here for a Repair but I hear they are good, I'm also told that they will custom build whatever kind of computer your looking for.Why such an average score then? The price of all the Accessories is a little high, especially compared with what you can get online. So go here if your computers busted, Amazon when you need anything else.
4	Silicon is your standard, Jack of all Trades computer store. Selling everything from high tech looking hard drives to spare parts for your machine, Silicon have packed in a hefty supply to their moderately sized store on Dalry Road.As Stuart said, I've never taken my laptop in here for a repair - I usually go to Priceless in Glasgow. I can imagine the awesome service you receive in Priceless being reflected here, since the staff are too very competent.  What usually leads me into Silicon is a need for blank CD's (all good quality and cheap as chips), memory card for cameras, USB cables and, on one occasion, a CD case. The day I visited here for the latter, the guy behind the counter gave me a CD case for free. It was a wee cuddly tortoise CD case with one eye missing! Stuart hates the thing, but I can't bear to reject it the way that customers had before the guy in here gave me it. So, Tortie is here to stay!The same could be said for Silicon - very useful shop with good competitive prices to rival the chain stores.
3	If you are anything like me, the thought of a broken computer is a heartbreaking and painful thing. Thats why places like Silicon Group do so well, they have monopolised peoples dependance on working computers, and mostly we are greatful for that. When my old laptop died, I brought it here in the hope that they might be able to do something with it. And bless them, they tried, but it was beyond hope. Anyway, it gave me a chance to look around - this place is like a geeks wet dream - there is sooo much computer equipment and components here. Most of it is pretty expensive, but some of it is also well priced for what it is.
3	I'll be honest, I'm a bit of a fish out of water when it comes to electronics, I just don't have a clue about gadgets and have a terrible track record of anything powered by electricity. I think the guy working behind the counter could tell that I was a little confused when I came in for a look. To make matters worse, he just kind of watched me aimlessly wander around rather than ask if I needed any help. They have a selection of computers, monitors, cables and various other gadgets and I noticed a great deal on a CD cases that were only 99p so great to keep all your CD's and DVD's nice and organised.
