4	Luckily, I have only had to use their services once. I took my large dog into VES on a sunday after he had an allergic reaction to... something. I called ahead of time to just get a estimate on how much it would be just to "be there" and I was pleasantly surprised with such a low cost. I knew it would be higher once he was examined but I was thinking it would be a few hundred dollars and expecting the worse (when it came to my wallet). When I called, I gave the woman all the general info (breed, age, updated vaccines,  phone number, address) and when I came in, they were all ready for me and my pooch. Granted, they only had 2 people in the waiting area and it didn't seem that busy.Everyone was very nice and animal loving people, as expected and the doctors answered my questions. I think we MAYBE there for an hour. Not very long. And when I went to pay, it was only $100 so I was very happy. Now, he didnt have surgery or anything major so I can't tell you anything about those situations.Not 5 stars cuz I've never been at any other Emergency Vet place before and didn't have another experience to compare to.
4	I've used this clinic twice. The first time was a Sunday night when my cat hadn't had a bowel movement in a week and was becoming lethargic. We brought her in and the experience was just OK. The vet wanted to keep her overnight to give her fluids and ran a panel of tests that our regular vet could do for $40 but they charged $180. After a night of getting fluids and having some tests done we had to pay over $700. Fine, we love our cat and thankfully were in a position to pay for it. Unfortunately, it seemed like nothing was enough for this vet (a woman in her 50's or 60's with short to medium length brown hair). We should keep her there longer, we should do x-rays, more tests, etc. Now, my cat was 18 at the time and not in the mood for this so we took her home and our normal vet was able to continue treatment. The second time was when we ultimately had to put our cat down. She was stumbling, unable to stand and meowing loudly. We called as we were leaving the house so they were ready for us when we got there. They said she had thrown a clot to her brain and presumably another to her lungs. We saw a different vet than the time before (this was a man who looked VERY young, like I suspect he still gets ID'd for alcohol) and he was excellent. He cut his exam short when he realized our cat was distressed and was very honest about the options and letting us know that in reality she would never make a full recovery. He talked us through the process of putting her to sleep and then left us alone to say our good-byes. They had given her a mild sedative and had put her in a cat bed and wrapped her in a blanket, so she was comfortable. The euthanasia was fairly quick and the vet and staff were all incredibly sympathetic. They even made us a memorial paw print and wrapped up her remains for us. I won't say it wasn't a rough night but they made it the best possible experience it could have been. If it hadn't been for the first vet, this would have been five stars.
5	Our 7 month old kitten swallowed a threaded needle. ( live and learn). We called ahead and they took her in within 5 minutes of our arrival. They asked for permission to sedate her and do an ex ray. The vet, Chris Schatz, was kind, compassionate, and explained everything very well. He was very careful, asking about the length of thread, and explaining where the needle was and how he removed it. With the meds for home, the entire bill was 373.00. We were pleased with the whole experience. Next morning, our little gitzinta was her regular silly self. Whew!
4	Had to take our dog here when she swallowed a needle. Everyone was very helpful and kind to us and our pup. It was expensive but reasonable given that she had to have surgery and stay overnight. After we brought her home we got nervous about her stitches twice and took her in... They looked at her free of charge and eased our worried minds with patience, compassion and kindness.
