4	Great place to pick up fresh local produce if you've missed the farmers' markets.  This place is open daily.  They also sell delicious homemade kettle corn and Peet's coffee beans.We picked up some tomatoes and organic local lettuces to go with the bacon we bought at the Pork Shop.  Together they made a killer BLT.
5	This place is truly a gem of the east valley. First of all, it's cheaper than cheap. Secondly, and most importantly, they have the most amazing selection of LOCALLY grown produce! Oh my god, it makes me so happy I'm probably going to cry. I asked the owners how they keep their prices so reasonable and they said it's because they work with farmers that don't sell at the local farmer's markets, but want to sell their produce nonetheless. What they can't get locally (due to season or unavailability) they have from other states. They also carry home-made tortillas, kettle corn, honey, and salsas- all local! I absolutely love this place. If you can't get to the Farmer's Markets or live too far (like me) you have to check this place out!
5	Over the summer months, this stand-alone farmer's market doesn't carry as much locally grown produce, especially at the end of the summer like July-Sept. Nearly everything they carry is from elsewhere due to the high heat of AZ I'm sure. That's fine with me but unfortunately that means veggies and fruit from other parts of the country that aren't as fresh. I've gotten some bad produce but the good part is I can just take it back and get a refund. I do think though that next summer during this time I'll be going to one of the various weekly farmer's markets or just to Sprouts for produce. Every other time I'll still be here. :)
5	One of the great things about living near farmland is... farmer's markets! Of course it's a little tricky to do here in the heat of the summer, but the Power Road market manages to stay stocked year around with produce that is fresh and for the most part local. It's a small Mom-n-Pop market, but they work with local retailers around the valley to bring in all sorts of different foods that go way beyond produce. They also roast fresh chilies daily, & sell locally made tamales and salsa too. The prices are what really get me. So many complain about the jacked-up prices of farmer's markets, but this place has always been either the same in price, or I pay even less. Plus, because most of it is local, the food lasts longer! If you're in the east valley, they are worth checking out and changing where you buy your produce. Buy local whenever you can!
5	This little farmers market is pretty solid. Fresh, local produce that beats the hell out of anything you can get at the grocery store. The tomatoes they sell actually taste like tomatoes! Their fruit is much better as well and the the kicker...wait for it....Freshly roasted Hatch green chilies! They also have a peach orchard out back. You can pick your own or buy them in the shop when they're in season. Just a great, all around local farmer's market. You need to check it out.
5	Great produce and cheap prices-not to mention friendly staff-could not ask for more!
4	This is a nice little produce market.  He buys mostly from local farmers.  The pre-made items (like tortillas, salsas, etc) are from local companies.  Produce varies.  One of the few places you can find okra during okra season, and it usually doesn't have the brown spots you find on the stuff in the bigger stores (on those occasions when they even have it).They are a bit pricey.  But the produce is generally very fresh (helps when it isn't shipped from South America!).  This is a family business.  The owner and his daughter are there most of the time.
1	Stopped by this market was actually looking for the u pick peaches place.  Went into the store some of the veggies looked old.  Found 2 strawberries & a couple tomatoes, went to the counter checked out and she said $3.01 but the store charges $.50 to use a debit or credit card so it was $3.51 I said oh I did not see that I have cash in my purse and the lady said it already went through.  I explained I did not know they charged a fee and she spouted off it cost me $.90 and very unprofessional said do you want your $.50 back. I understand business & costs and this is one I will now AVOID.
4	I like riding my bike there and their prices are less than a weekly market. I do wish they did not have anything from Mexico though. I am ok with avocados traveling from California but we do grow tomatoes here.
5	I love this market.  The prices are a bit steep, and if your order is less than 10 bucks they charge you to use a credit card, but other than that, a great place to do business with.  The DO carry fresh okra, but you will want to call to be sure they have it in stock because it sells fast (480-497-0706) - Julie will usually hold some for you if you are on your way and will be there in just a short while.  TJ - nah, he has to be prodded.  They also carry green tomatoes - but call first.  Lastly, they carry fresh Hatch green chili (in season - Aug - Oct) in Big Jim, Barkers, and Sandia.  This is a family business I was happy to find and will continue to support for a long time.
5	I have lived not 5 miles from the fabulous market and just never noticed it or went in till yesterday. What a FIND! Fresh farm eggs, Local artisanal cheeses. I bought a black truffle parmesan chunk and it is so rich and delicious. I also bought some " Holy Hummus ", OMG it is so luscious and fresh. This is family run and the woman who checked me out could not have been nicer. The produce was spectacular. This is a gem in my own neighborhood that I just discovered!
