4	I started going to this branch of Labcorp after a really bad experience with another well known lab chain in Las Vegas.  I like the fact that I can make an appointment and be called in front of people who didn't.  It's available to all, but few use the appointment option.The staff here has always been friendly and competent.  There is plenty of parking in front and in back of the medical building in which the lab is located.  The lab is on the second floor of the building.My only problem was the building staff don't unlock the front and back doors until some time after 7:30 even though the lab opens at 7.  You have to wait until someone comes out before you can get in.  This caused me to wonder how the first clients ever get into the building.  This is not a Labcorp problem.  Rather, it lies with the management of the building.
1	Chose a different location if u can. The staff is nice but they are severely understaffed, so the wait is horrible.
5	Went here to get blood drawn and for a urinalysis. I made an appointment on-line the same day. I was in and out in about 15 minutes. Loved how quick they got me in and out. Also, I have small, rolling veins and giving blood doesn't always go well. However, the nurse did a great job of quickly getting a full draw from me. I was very impressed with this location.
2	They are way understaffed for the amount of patients that come through their doors. I made my appointment for 8:15 AM. I showed up and there are 4 people that signed in before me without appointments. I patiently waited and at 8:40, they called me up to get registered. I asked the secretary how long it would take to get my blood drawn at that point since I had to go to work at 9, and she said, "I don't know." What we both knew, however, was that I had an appointment that wasn't honored. After registration, I sat back down as the secretary called another name. A gentleman seated stood up with frustration demanding to know why the lady was called first. "Oh, it's because she had an appointment and we're behind schedule..." What?! So theoretically, my name should have been called before the four people before me on that list. And it wasn't. I was furious. I was called back at 8:45. Here's the reason why this place didn't get a one-star rating. The phlebotomist knew what she was doing. I'm usually a hard stick and it takes multiple attempts to get some blood on me, but this lady only attempted a single poke. In. Out. Done. Easy as pie. I was out of the office at 8:48.I usually go to another LabCorp but went to this one specifically because it was near my work. I learned my lesson and will never come back. Appointments or no appointments, expect to wait a while.
5	Today was my first time at Labcorp and what an experience it was!I went to Labcorp because it is who my doctor's office uses for their testing.  The nurse told me to make an appointment since they are usually quite busy, so I did.  The Labcorp website is easy to use and to make an appointment of your choosing.  You can even fill out the insurance info online, so you don't  have to do the paperwork upon arrival.  I love saving time! I arrived about 5 minutes early and was called back before I could even finish a round of CandyCrush on my phone.  The phlebotomist was professional and friendly.  I was in and out in 5 minutes.  Yep the whole time spent in Labcorp was 10 minutes.  I couldn't believe it!I hope my doctor always uses Labcorp because 10 minutes is about as long as I want to spent at an appointment.
1	Well haven't gone inside room yet, but walked in and receptionist don't even look T me or say hi, she says after 1 minute sign in and I'll call you when I'm ready!!  Still don't even look up, how rude!!
4	Very friendly service. I arrived later in the afternoon to avoid all of the grumpy people that were under fasting orders. The servcie was quick and efficient.
2	You don't have to have an appointment but should!   Wait can be long.  I have to have routine bloodwork and this is probably my least favorite location.  All the employees seem bored or unhappy.  I try hard to engage people and be pleasant but it's even harder here.  Why be miserable at your job when you don't have to?
3	Was in and out today. First time ever. Chairs need an upgrade. Should be a little more cautious about infection control
5	My wife arrived at lunch time without an appointment. We were greeted promptly with a smile and simple instructions for the paperwork. In and out in 10 minutes and my wife didn't even feel the stick. Great experience.
1	Horrible experience. I went in on a Saturday, and yes I believe this is why it was so incredibly awful. I actually scheduled the appointment online (they do not schedule over the phone) a week and a half prior to my visit. To speed up the process, I completed my 'check in' as well by supplying my insurance information, and address, etc. I walked in a few minutes before my appointment to find standing room only. This was a nightmare. I stood in a corner, trying to avoid the door that opened about every sixty seconds. I signed in, and waited 35 minutes to be called up. She confirmed my appointment, apologized, and said that I was next. I was then called back to the window a moment later and was handed a UA specimen cup...in front of the entire lobby! I was mortified. Once done with that mission, I didn't know what else to do, so I went back out into the lobby. By this time there was almost no room to stand. People actually had to wait in the hallway. Another 15 minutes went by before I was called back for my blood draw. In that time, not one person was called back. 15 minutes! My blood draw took a total of 4 minutes to complete. Unreal. Scheduled appointment, completed online verification of insurance, arrived before appointment...waited 50 minutes. HORRIBLE experience.
1	If I could give no stars, I would. The staff was completely unprofessional and I could hear all about how the last guy 'definitely didn't pass because his pee was burning hot.' They talked very loud so that the whole place could hear them and they were talking instead of working so we were there way longer than necessary. We waited for an hour and a half to get a urine test. They let people go in front of us that got there after us. This place needs a new staff, maybe even management because it seems like these people need to be supervised.
1	This location was extremely low on staff. I waited about 3 hours to provide a urine sample. The staff was talking very loud about other patients private records and situations. Everyone in the crowded waiting room could hear the staff's conversation.
2	I walked in without an appointment and was not told that without an appointment my chances of being seen were slim to none.  The front office staff were rude and disinterested and could have let me know that I should make an appointment and come back later.
1	This place really needs some pointers on customer service. The front desk, Claire, was rude and didn't even acknowledge me or give any type of instructions when I walked in. I waited because she was helping another patient. When she finishes, she STILL doesn't say anything, doesn't even look up, and makes a phone call. Then this guy walks right in, goes in front of me, signs in, and he obviously sees me standing there. Then when I say something he continues to sign in before me. There is absolutely no privacy at all. The staff discuss the patients information all at the front desk and they are very disorganized. I asked for an estimate of how long I'd be waiting and all Claire says is "there's three people ahead of you" and then I get called 1 minute after. Really?? I got called up for my information more than once. There is no communication between staff members and they talk down to each other in front of the patients. Overall, if you could choose another location, I would.
