4	if you actually like to fix things around the house intelligently, without just replacing them or paying someone to fix the problem for you, you'll enjoy this place.Sears sells tens of thousands of products for your home under different brand names.  Whether you realize it or not, many of those appliances and devices are actually serviceable because Sears has a database of literally millions of parts still available for them. The Parts & Repair center is the portal for this stock of parts. They carry the most commonly needed parts, and understand what is most likely to fail with your lawn mower, dishwasher, garage door opener, etc.Obviously this isn't exciting for everyone, but considering that we live in a "throw-away" society, it's refreshing to know that a company has an interest in making products that last, and has put some energy into actually making their products serviceable (i.e. not throw-away) for the average consumer.Bravo to Sears for not trying to solve all of it's problems with marketing and advertising.
1	Worst. Customer Service. Ever.My husband (G) went to this center today to get some screws for a microwave we were given after striking out at Ace, Home Depot, etc. G told the "Customer Service Rep" what he needed and after searching his computer a bit, he declared that he wasn't able to help G WITH ATTITUDE - like G was putting him out by asking him to do his job.G asked to speak to the manager in the hopes that he might be able to get some actual help and was told that no, he wouldn't get the manager for G because G had an attitude and needed to leave the store. Keep in mind that my husband hadn't said anything rude or raised his voice. He had simply asked to speak with a manager. G was floored... what had he done to deserve this? After he left the center, he called and unfortunately got the same rude employee. Employee said he still wouldn't get a manager, but eventually gave in after declaring that the manager probably would refuse to talk to G. The manager did come on the line and when G explained what had happened, the Manager (THE MANAGER!?) told G that it is a store policy that if an employee determines that a customer is out of line, rude, etc that they have sole authority to have them removed from the premises. What kind of BS is this? Apparently at Sears Parts & Repair, the customer is always WRONG. It is amazing to me that after all the money we have dropped in Sears that not only did this kind of disrespectful thing happen, but that the Manager actually claims this is ok and store policy. Really? Store policy?I will be writing a formal complaint to Sears Corp and see what they think of this ridiculous "store policy".
1	Good luck finding an actual Corp address to mail a complaint to! I ended up writing a lengthy email complaint. They claim they will respond within 24hrs... we shall see. I will update *if* they respond.
1	My wife bought a ($100) part for a simple fix to our washing machine. She asked when she bought it if it was returnable if it didn't fix the problem and was told yes. It did not fix the problem. Had a repair man out and he said it is possible the part may be bad. Just tried to return or exchange the part and was told ( with attitude ) because the part had been plugged in it was not exchangeable. The return policy is on the receipt and it states if you are not satisfied with the purchase for any reason bring it back for a refund. Nowhere does it say anything about except for this or that. And my wife specifically asked if it was returnable. The worst part was the rude attitude. I was there to swap the part for another just in case it was defective and buy the electrical control panel. The salesman ( Dan ) never did look up the control panel for me and after telling me he would not return/replace the part he was completely done with me and seemed annoyed that I was still there.
2	I went there to do some check on my car, they are good on knowledge base but the are so slow on doing things a 1 hour fix got extended to 3 hours.also they are a little bit more expensive than normal car shop
1	I took in my 2006 Kenmore vacuum. First, know that the repair location is offsite and you will only hear from a call center in some other location. $45 (non-refundable) upfront gets you a diagnosis 10 days later. It applies to the actual repair. The call center contacted my to authorize a new motor and filter, but could not answer basic questions about the warranty on the new part. I had to call back the next day and get someone else on the line. I approved the repair and 10 days later they called to get authorization for a different filter. I authorized it and thought they were going to tell me I could pick it up the next day but the filters aren't stocked on site or in the store. Odd. The employee reminded me that my vacuum was a 2006 and technology changes. So now I find out I'm repairing a vacuum that they don't even stock filters for anymore and that it is going to take another 10 days for a filter they didn't notice the first time around - seriously? I asked them to throw in the $19.95 filter for my time inconvience and their oversight in not providing the information at the time I was trying to decide whether to repair the vacuum or buy a new one. They refused. I forfeited my $45 and asked for my unrepaired vacuum. The whole system is an unfortunate mess and exemplifies the reason Sears has fallen from a respected retailer whose products you used to be able to rely on to a stumbling, faltering mess. The attitude of both the employee on the phone and the one in the repair center store front was that I was unreasonable to expect Sears to offer anything better in terms of service for a 2006 product. People who know me know I like to use and repair, recycle and reuse rather dumping everything in the landfill. What a waste!
2	My Kenmore dishwasher has been a problem since purchased so after several repairs while still under warranty we decided the prudent choice was to buy the extended warranty. It was definitely the right decision.  In Nov 2013, my dishwasher began to leak water.  We noticed the screws on the door were working their way loose and would not remain tight.  Over time they fell out completely.  A call for service before Christmas resulted in an appointment on Jan. 7.  After fully describing the problem, the repairman arrived without the parts to do the repair job.  Complaining did no good. He ordered the parts and rescheduled the repair for Jan 27.  New repairman came yesterday and guess what???  Still didn't have the correct parts to finish the job.  We've waited over a month and a half and do not have a fixed appliance. Thank goodness I could still run the machine to clean my dishes as long as I stuffed newspaper under it on the floor to catch the leaking water.Never again will we buy a Sears or Sears-supported appliance!!
3	We had a refrigerator ice maker water leak problem. We called for an appointment with a repairman in a call center somewhere. We were given a four hour window. We stayed home. I missed a cell phone call but called back in the same minute as the call was missed and got voicemail. I called again and got voicemail. We then called dispatch and wife was told we would see the repairman about noon. At 1:30 I called dispatch and was told I was next and was.  When I complained to the repairman about the delay he told me that my failure to take the call at 9:15 canceled my appointment. If I hadn't acted immediately I would understand but I did. When he arrived the problem was determined and solved in a matter of minutes though for a VERY high price. Next time I will call another company first to check flexibility of appointment and price of service.  My family has been loyal to Sears for a hundred years (no exaggeration- my grandfather was an executive in the 20s and an office boy before WWI). It isn't the same company.
