5	Was in the mood for home cooked Chinese food and randomly searched "Chinese Food" near this area. I recognized Liang's Kitchen from the other chains I've been to.  The location can be difficult to find for the first time. The main entrance to the plaza is on spring mountain road, and it's located in the Arville Square Plaza. The restaurant sits way back in the plaza, perpendicular to most of the other stores. We ordered 4 individual dishes and an appetizer: beef noodle soup, beef tendon noodle soup, pork chop rice bento, pork chop noodle soup, and wonton in chili oil.  Everyone was happy with their order, but the only thing I'd recommend is asking the cook to separate the pork chop from the soup to prevent sogginess. The portions were decently sized (I couldn't finish my bowl of noodles), and the staff is really nice. I asked for extra small side veggies that came with some of our dishes and the staff had no problem giving us more. Overall, clean restaurant, plenty of seats, nice decor, pretty good tasting Chinese food, and well priced (our bill was around $41 sans tax).  There's plenty of other options for Chinese food around here but this is definitely a place we would come back to!
4	Was at dinner the other day with my friend and she mentioned how a new taiwanese place opened. She said the name was something kitchen... and it reminded me of Liang's Kitchen in San Jose when i went up there in 2011. Then she looked it up, and confirmed it was Liang's Kitchen. My face with from :o to *_* Lol ! Was so excited for the next few days (Thurs to Sun... so 3 days) to go try it out ! I remembered the location i went to was super busy, their beef noodle soup was amazing, served hot in a metal bowl. Their noodles were hand-made, varying size showing it was not machine made. Been wanting to go back since every time i go up to the Bay but never had the chance !So it opened in Vegas... Finally a new Taiwanese place ! and its one i recognize ! w00t ! It sits on the north end of the complex, on the NE corner of Spring Mountain and Arville, replacing what used to be called Hot Feel. Minimal renovations were done after the take over of the unit with some reorganization of some tables. The menu and ordering paper is about the same, if not the same as other locations. Price wise, i dont remember. Came to try this place with a few friends for dinner. We had initially ordered a few things. 1 Beef Roll, 1 Green Onion Pancake, and 2 Large Beef Tendon Noodle Soup (later i realized the L/R next to the name was large and regular NOODLES, not the size of the order OOPS hahaha o well)Beef Roll and Green onion pancake came out firstGreen Onion Pancake - normal green onion pancake but fried? (is that the right term). The exterior was crispy, interior was soft and hot ! Not a fan of the fried version after a previous experience at another restaurant, but this was really good ! Especially since it was fresh and HOT ! :D i liked it Beef Roll - Essentially a green onion pancake wrap with braised beef, cilantro, and hoisin sauce. Not as hot as i had expected in comparison to the green onion pancake. I had ate the green onion pancake first so i thought this was going to be as hot. Overall, not bad. Not too sweet and overpowering by the sauce. Fairly nice balance. We had ordered this another time after and crispy exterior on the 2nd order was flaking off. Looked a bit ugly. XD (being called high maintenance for stating this... T_T)Beef Tendon Noodle Soup - We had ordered 2 with large noodles. 1 came out first before the other. The first order, as large as i had remembered. Lots of noodles, in a large metal bowl. Lots of preserved veggies and stuff on top. 2nd one, not so much... Amount of noodles was probably 1/2 of the first order. Inconsistency? Maybe. Didn't matter too much since we were sharing so the noodles were fairly split anyway, so not so bad overall, but still, a bit weird to have varying amounts on the same table. Flavor wise, pretty good ! Large noodles were uneven (lol as expected of handmade) and al dente ! The noodles were actually a LOT larger and wider than i had expected (to be honest, i dont remember how it was in San Jose). In a small sharing bowl, putting like 3 strands of noodles fills it up. Thats how big the noodles were. Beef was tender. Tendon was soft. Flavor overall was nice. A little sour kick (from the preserved vegetables probably). Next time, i wanna try the regular noodles. Memory is failing me XDShanghai? style wonton - friend wanted to order this. Small wontons (maybe 10-15 in an order) in a seaweed soup broth Nothing too special. So recognizable amount of shrimp in the wonton (not sure if shanghai style has shrimp? HK style certainly does). Wasn't a favorite but at least we've tried it? LolServers tend to speak to you in mandarin (3 out of the 5 of us spoke cantonese. 1 of the 2 mandarin speakers didnt pay attention). yeah we fail rofl. Overall, not too bad. Would love to come back to try other things. I believe they have lunch specials as well. Prefer to have had them open in a different location but oh well.
4	I went to this place the other day because I love Taiwanese food. I really love beef noodle soup! It's one of my favorites. I have searched far and wide going to various restaurants. So, my friends and I went and ordered green onion pancake, beef noodle soup, and green onion pancake with beef. I liked the green onion pancake. It was really delicious and flakey. I did like the one from Easy Earthen in California better, but this is pretty good for Vegas. The beef noodle soup was amazing! I think it might just be my favorite. The beef is so tender and soft. I love the broth. It was very flavorful, and wasn't watered down. I would say this is best beef noodle soup I have ever had. Service was a little slow here. It might be because the set up is  little difficult to see people because of the huge walls between each booth. I guess they didn't want to spend money remodeling the place. The only downside is that they don't have shanghai dumplings. I was so disappointed. :(
2	Went here on two different occasions. Mainly came for their beef rolls and the onion pancakes. They're decent but nothing to be wowed at. Service was mediocre on the first visit but the second visit was just terrible, aha. Couldn't even verify correct order or not because they don't put table numbers on their order forms so there's nothing to reference to. (We had a discrepancy with something we ordered and they thought we ordered something else so we wanted order form to verify.)Service is slow so you gotta wave your hands around to get ahold of someone. Seems to be the case whether they have a lot of customers or if we're the only ones. Found a piece of plastic in my soup with the seaweed. Sighs. And the seaweed soup seemed crunchy/had that sandy texture like I'm eating sand or something. My friend has already said she won't be coming back. Really wanted it to be better but yeah... First visit was definitely better than the second in terms of overall experience.
