1	UN-sanitary! I would have left right away, but I was already into the manicure when I noticed the dirty floors and dirty tables. The lady who was working on my manicure had an open cut/rash on her hand and should definitely been wearing a pair of gloves. After using the tools, she would throw them down on the dirty table and then re-use them. Ew. It was not a good experience.
1	Do not go to this place! They did a terrible job! I went there for a pink and white fill and the result looked worse than before i even filled them. They offered to try and cover up their own mistake by painting my nails black. Very embarassing! Left upset &unhappy. Please beware of this place!!!!
5	I have been to a lot of nail salons and this is my favorite in charlotte! Great service, friendly staff & they always do a great job. Their prices are unbeatable & love the location right by total wine. All my girlfriends agree too. Love them!
4	This is my favorite "cheap" nail salon in Charlotte.  $30 for a mani/pedi combo and they do a GREAT job. I have been to the expensive salons in town and nothing beats this place.  Sure it isn't super fancy, but their polish job is superb and it lasts longer than other places.  My favorite part....the main/pedi comes with a mini neck/shoulder rub to help you relax!
1	Abandon all hope, ye who enter here!I was in dire need of a fill in on my only night off work one week and couldn't make it to any of my usual favorite nail salons after running errands all day. Q Nails happened to be the only shop convenient to my area that was open later. You know how in horror movies the one lit up house on a darkened street is the exact one you shouldn't go into? I guess that stands for nail salons too.Q Nails has that kind of dismal, 90s strip mall vibe inside. Dated stock photos lined up on otherwise unpainted walls, basic cable flickering in and out on the overhead television, no music, loud, rows of clearly overworked technicians. Bummer. I'm the kind of girl who can get past all that, but when I was called over (okay, hollered at) to sit at a table, I noticed the kind of worn, not-so-sparkling appearance of the entire place. I told myself it was okay - just a fill in, right? And so it seemed. Until the next night when three of my nails broke - yes, THREE. What was I doing to damage a fresh fill in so swiftly? Clapping. At an all ages concert. I'd hate to see the state my claws would've been in if I was actually rowdy. When I finally went to one of my regular salons, the technician actually asked where I'd gotten it done and shook her head. Do yourself and go somewhere else. Anywhere else. Like the Wal-Mart nail salon is probably cleaner and better quality. But don't quote me on that, I'm the novice who wandered into the Last Nail Salon on the Left despite fellow Yelper's warnnings!
1	Not very nice...I have been twice because I am in need of a good manicurist. This makes the 4th salon in my area and still no luck!!!! Anyway, the owner is "barky" if that makes sense...she is very stern and abrupt and in the middle of my 2nd drying session she yelled at me "You pay now!". I kinda looked at her like lady..calm down and get out of my face with the yelling. My first visit was similar she abruptly kicked me out of the massage chair after my pedicure and barked, "you sit in there!". Instead of sitting I just walked out the front door. The other staff are decent but the owner should get a mussel and not be allowed to interact with customers. Will not be returning...
2	I went here twice. Once for a pedi and the other for a nail repair.The first time they were ok but I was not impressed. When i went for my nail repair the lady was rushing and was rude I will not be going back again
