2	I love drinking in airports.Mostly because I hate flying.Desert Springs Brewing Company  isn't so much a "brewing company" as it is a tiny airport bar at Sky Harbor. It's connected to some sort of hotdog place and smells like mustard. It's fairly ghetto. However, the wine was there and wasn't terribly expensive, so it was all right with me.Until I saw the fruit flies. Everywhere along the bar. One landed in my water. Then I realize there was an entire fruit fly infestation all along the back of the bar. I decided not to order any garlic fries after all, paid my tab, and walked several spaces down to the Fox Sports bar, where it did not smell like mustard.I wouldn't really recommend this place if you're in terminal 4. However, if you're in a hurry and there's a crowd at Fox, try it out. At least the service was quick...
1	Beware of a restaurant that won't put beer prices on their menu. $8-9 bucks for a beer? They card everyone, even an old, hard of hearing guy who didn't have a drivers license (or an 'approved' ID).Bah!
3	This bar is inside the terminal at Phoenix Sky Harbor airport so unless you will only find this place if you are in Terminal .  I give this place three stars primarily for their staff.  The food actually comes from the Jody Maroni place next door and although they call themselves a brewing company they do not actually produce their own local brew.So as one other reviewer accurately puts it, this is essentially just a bar.What made my visit truly enjoyable was the staff.  I was there on Friday afternoon at around 4pm and both the bartender (I sat at the bar) and the waitress were very friendly and engaging.  I threatened to become a regular there since my weekly trips to Phoenix will put me in this terminal every Friday.  They laughed and said they would quickly change their schedules.I didn't really look at the price of the beer they sold me but its an airport bar... of course the prices will be higher than at a neighborhood establishment. The burger was just about the worst burger I have ever had in my life. But then again, I was eating Jody Maroni... I should have ordered a brat or sausage or a dog... not a burger.
1	The ID I provided to the TSA was STILL not enough to get a drink here. We would have stayed, but their prices are ridiculous, so we walked up to FOX. They were far busier and it is obviously for a reason. They happily accepted my ID here and we ate and drank our way through a rather long layover.This place stinks, even for an airport bar. Avoid at all possible costs. Only gave 1 star because I had to.
3	What a bunch of whiny brats on Yelp.   Anyway, this place is exactly what you'd expect from an airport bar:  overpriced beer, mediocre food, and crappy service.  All in all, it's a convenient place to kill some time.  Just don't go in thinking this is some hidden gem of a bar, and you'll be fine.
1	Pretty awful. Bad service.  Dirty. Crowded. Hot. And the food is junk.  I should have gone to another terminal.
2	Beer was not very cold.  They don't have the beer price on the menu - it is more than you'd (or I'd) expect.I went there expecting some custom beer - not here!  Standard beers on tap.
1	Apathetic service, not a brewing company, just a bar.  Pass this one by.
1	This place was about as bad as an airport bar and restaurant can get.  When I first walked up and asked if they had power outlets to charge my phone while I got a beer and burger, the bar tender rolled her eyes and acted like I was asking an unreasonable question.  Do to the limited choices, I stayed anyways, but should have ran.  They are not a brewing company, just a bar with basic beers.  The worst part of the entire experience was the burger.  Completely disgusting!  Do not order a burger.  It was a frozen meat concoction that tasted more like fillers than beef.  My came out pink all the way through and bar tender said that is how they cook them.  I took two bites and could not finish it.  Horrible experience and still a dead phone....errrr....what a waste of time and money.
1	Ordered the Carnitas burrito, as well as the steak burrito. I also ordrered the cheese quesadillas with chicken.The pork was WAY TOO SALTY!  I couldn't finish it without drinking a ton.Figured that it was a fluke from a heavy-handed cook with that one particular burrito, so dug into the steak, and found it to be just as as salty. What a disappointment.The quesadillas were not bad.However, with how salty the two  burritos were, I can not recommend Desert Springs.
3	This is your typical airport bar.  Limited food options with a few decent beers on tap.  It is definitely not a brewery so the name is a little deceiving.  The fries are actually pretty good.  The burgers are ok.  Nothing fancy but nothing really bad about this place.  Have I had better? YES. Have I had worse?  YES.
5	Love this place, I hit this place whenever I am in the Phoenix airport !!  Great place to relax and unwind while waiting for your flight (in this last case I had a 3 hour layover).  Two thumbs for this place.  Fast friendly services always on the menu !!
1	Old tv's, no football package, small selection of beer, and very small selection of cocktails. Service was so so..headed back to the tequila bar right down the way!
