5	Outstanding cookies and biscotti, to eat on the run or send to a lucky friend. We sampled a few. The oatmeal raisin is one of the best I've had - nice and moist, not the typical dry, overly chewy kind, with lots of nice spices. The ginger biscotti, dipped in good quality chocolate, was more moist than usual, good for eating with or without dipping. These are the kinds of cookies that will hold up well during shipping.     While we were sad to see Chocolate Star Bakery (at this location) had gone out of business, we were quickly comforted.
5	THE VERY BEST MACARONS I HAVE EVER TASTED. They were MIND BLOWING CRAZY GOOD! Slap your Momma. Go to Church CRAZY GOOD!  Little bite sized wonders of not the ordinary flavors. I LOVED THE Savory Thai Curry Macarons, Tikka Masala macarons, and Rosemary and Cheve Macarons. I was told soon Whole Foods will carry them and I was told AJ's carries them. I have never tasted a French Macaron that was so transforming as these from Aunt Abby before!Smoke a cigarette good even if you don't smoke good!Really REALLY good!
5	Yummy! Abbys macaroons are the best we've ever had! Their complex layers of flavor and perfect texture are to die for. Some of my favorites are tiki masala, bluecheese fig, chocolate zin, and strawberry champagne. Need i say more? Abby is a macaroon genius and artist. Had to shake her hand after trying her treats!
5	I stopped in a few Fridays ago to use a Groupon before it expired, and I had the pleasure of meeting "the" Abby of Aunt Abby's while I was there. She was very friendly and helpful in describing all of the delectable cookies on display -- which only made it more difficult to choose which ones I wanted. Cookies are my biggest weakness, and I could tell just by looking at these that I was in BIG trouble. Among my assortment, I ended up with Aunt Abby's version of a dark chocolate Milano cookie, which was absolutely one of the best cookies I think I've ever eaten; a cracked ginger cookie with a perfect blend of molasses and spice (I believe this was probably my favorite, but it's SO hard to say for sure); a scrumptious peanut butter cookie with a chocolate kiss plopped in the center (my mom and I used to make these at Christmas, so that one brought back some really fond memories); a most excellent chocolate chip with walnuts (you just can't go wrong with a chocolate chip cookie, now can you?); a white chocolate banana cookie with raisins (don't be fooled by the white chocolate -- it's a dark chocolate cookie with white chocolate chips -- and it's not like anything you've ever had before, I promise! I could easily eat half a dozen of these!); and a sugar cookie that was coated with a mixture of brown sugar and crushed almonds that had a bit of raspberry preserves on top and a brandy glaze .... it was truly delectable, and also not like anything you'll find elsewhere. We chatted while I was picking out my selections, and Abby excused herself for just a moment to take some scones out of the oven. She said she was experimenting with a new flavor: cherry cream scones. The aroma alone was enough to make my mouth water. When she came back, she asked me if I wanted to try something. Of course I said yes ... why the heck wouldn't I? She went back the hallway again and came out with a macaron filled with chevre that was seasoned with rosemary, garlic and peppercorns. I hadn't eaten for hours and was planning on picking up dinner on my way home, so you can imagine how divine this little gem tasted. Wow. I had no idea what a savory macaron was before that ... like most people, I think of a fluffy coconut cookie when I think of macaroons. This, however, was like nothing I've ever had before. (And yes, I realize I've said that a few times already, but it's true!) Abby proceeded to describe some of the other flavors of macarons she makes (both sweet and savory ... and she makes the traditional coconut macaroon cookies, as well). I am so eager to try some more!We chatted a little more (it was getting near closing time for her and I was the only one in the shop, but she didn't seem in a hurry for me to leave -- which I thought was particularly nice of her since I was using a Groupon, after all), and then she asked me if I wanted to try something else. Well, um, YES! She came back out with one of the still warm scones she'd taken out of the oven earlier and told me she hadn't tried them yet, so we sampled it together. Holy cow. A fresh, warm cherry cream scone. I don't know if it gets any better than that. My taste buds were ecstatic. I don't know if she'll end up selling those or not, but I was certainly thankful that I had the opportunity to try them. I'd gladly pay several of my hard-earned dollars to have another one. And that reminds me ... I'd given one of those Groupons to a friend of mine who had stopped in the day before to use hers. She told me while she was there (which was right when the shop first opened), they were baking cinnamon rolls and the smell was incredible. She got to sample a bite of one while she was there, and she said the same thing -- she'd have been happy to pay whatever they might have charged, if only the cinnamon rolls were for sale ... but again, they were experimenting. So, if you have a chance to stop by, prepare your taste buds (and perhaps your nose) for some heavenly sensations. If you can't make it there (the hours the shop is open are limited), you can shop at their online store. I recommend going in person, though, if there's anyway possible -- you just never know what they might be concocting in the back! Mmmm!
5	Gluten Free?? NOT A PROBLEM! THE BEST MACAROONS EVERRR!  I have TONS of food allergies so it's hard to find sweets that actually taste good.  I crave these every day.  I will make my drive home consist of stopping by here more often... And the prices aren't super high like most gluten free places.  The ladies here are so sweet and helpful, especially having to handle all of my questions :)They also do wedding cakes! I don't know if they are gluten free, but I have heard only wonderful things about them.
5	These macarons are literally to die for! We were just there after having been to 3 different bakeries that sold macarons, and we were so disappointed in the first three. But after I called and heard Abby say that she had 21 flavors we were sold :) She also has Savory flavors, which include a Thai Curry, Tikki Masala, Bleu Cheese and one more that doesn't come to mind at the moment. But these definitely aren't your typical Macarons and I mean that in the best way!  my favorite flavors were the Salted Caramel, Rose, Apricot, and White Chocolate Grapefruit.
5	Best french macarons, ever.  Wide variety of flavors ranging from salted caramel, to rose, to white chocolate grapefruit, and even tikka masala.  The macarons themselves are appealing to look at, most of them are even decorated with edible glitter, and they're fairly big compared to most of the itty bitty over priced ones I've seen. I highly recommend this place to anyone who enjoys fair priced delicate sweets!
5	YUMMY!! We stumbled open Aunt Abby's while searching for oatmeal raisin cookies for my dad's birthday. The chocolate cookies are moist! We ended up walking out of there with four or five different kinda, and they were ALL decadent.
5	Get the "Pierre Herme" macarons and the lava cookies. THE BEST ever and you would never know that they are gluten-free!
5	A very nice person brings these goodies to a local AA meeting and so we have all been able to sample these yummy treats.  What a fantastic gift of gratitude!  I would never have known about these delicious cookies and pastries if it wasn't for this person.  I know that the food is wonderful, but it's hard to separate the kind generosity of the donor as well.  Good karma all around!
5	If I could give ten stars I would. I love love love these macarons. I've been everywhere in the country and I always try macarons in each city I visit. While PHM or Laduree in NYC and Paris is amazing, in Phoenix this is the only place to buy them! They're so good. Every flavor is divine and I should mention Abby is the funniest and sweetest woman ever. I love the apricot, the cherry, grand marnier, the strawberry champagne, I had a mint raspberry and almost died...there's a slice of fresh raspberry in the middle of the mint buttercream. I literally tried six today and feel like more. GOOOO! Stop reading. Just go :)
5	Best.  Cookies.  Ever.  I am very selective about what goes into my tummy and these deserts are definitely worthy!  I can't drive by and not have one.  Not to mention, Aunt Abby is so very nice to my kids and that makes her loved by us all.
5	After discovering the most delicious cookie in the Universe on a trip to Seattle, I have scoured the Valley searching for this gem called "macaron". Having tried 3-4 bakeries and being left flat on both flavor and texture at all those places, Aunt Abby's was recommended to me. Loving the macarons I tasted in Seattle remembering the freshness, the perfect texture, and exceptional flavors, I dropped by and tried one of their macarons.... EUREKA!!! Abby, herself served me a white chocolate grand mariner before placing my order, immediately my mouth was thankful for the delivery of this amazing cookie!!! Friendly, knowledgeable, professional service combined w out of this world macarons, have I died and gone to Heaven?!?!  I would give this place 20 stars if possible! I'm picky about bakeries... Like Sprinkles is worth a negative star kind of picky ... I'm not easy to impress, but happy to say socks... Knocked off this morning! Thank you, Abby for sharing your gift w the world, especially this east valley macaron conisseur! I will be back and turning all the people I know onto your glorious confections. Absolutely love the pistachio ones... Maybe coffee or hazelnut flavor in the future? Looking forward to holiday flavors too!
