3	McDonald's currently under construction.  Hopefully they retain the staff after it is complete.  Fairly friendly and typical service.  This was the only McDonald's I knew that served burgers all day.
1	Stay away at all costs. The last couple of trips thru the drive thru, everytume the order has been wrong. Of course you dont find this out till you get home. Diet Coke given instead of regular coke(which was ordered) and they are very stingy with the fries. Always 1/2 filled. Drive up to Burger King right up the street.
1	I always enjoyed this place prior to its remodel. The staff was always nice,Now I must say its the worst McDonald's EVER! They never seen to get my order right, food is always cold and never fresh. For all who want to complain I finally was able to get a correct phone number. (602-404-9785) Spoke to the so called manager Mariciela, while I was explaining the situation she was not even paying attention just giggling while I was speaking. Didn't seem to even care. NEVER AGAIN WILL I GO HERE FOR ANYTHING, EVEN IF ITS FREE. Just wish I could give a negative stars.
1	Worst McDonald's ever. It's not the fact that they can never seem to get my order right, but trying to get it corrected is more hassle than its worth. Food is usually cold anyway. But it's  their management that's the worst. They treat you like the idiot, when it's their fault to begin with. If you call the posted customer service number, don't bother it's a recording and still have not received a callback. Avoid at all costs.
1	This has to be the worst McDonalds I've been to in 20 years... and I've eaten at many bad Micky D's.Food is always cold and old.  Orders are correct about 50% of the time.  Employees are always rude.  Such a shame.  I've just moved to the neighborhood and unfortunately this is "my McDonalds".But it's not completely hopeless.  My previous McDonalds in Fort Lauderdale was a poorly managed franchise too.  A couple of complaints to corporate headquarters fixed that place in a jiffy!  Don't bother calling the franchise, look for the corporate complaint number on your bag and call.  Franchisees HATE when you call corporate headquarters and they will be forced to improve or risk losing their franchise.
3	1 1/2 stars? I don't think it was that bad. Food was served hot, the bun was not a hockey puck and it did not take a long time to come out. Are expectations for fast food increasing that much?
1	I usually don't take the time to review fast food restaurants this one deserve it customer service is awful the food is awful the drinks as well are awful how can you mess with a drink I don't know ask them. They are always busy but yet Lack customer service I don't think I've ever gone to McDonalds that is as horrible as this one enough said will not return
5	Standard McDonalds. Clean, friendly staff. Quick drive through service. Yummy smoothies & hot fudge sundaes
1	awful, bugs, flies everywhere.  DIRTY.   You will get bug bites, food not cooked, and workers and management are rude.
1	Horrible. Worst McDonald's ever. I don't understand how the "machines" can always be broken. I stop for a hot chocolate, but no the machine is broken. I stop for a smoothie, but no the machine is broken. I stop for a cookie, but no the machine is broken. I stop for a sundae, but no the machine is broken. I wonder if the machines are really always broken or if these people are just idiots. Officially done with this place.
1	food is always cold, never prepared right, the workers are rude, especially someone by the name of laurie and the manager ALMA,  dirty place.
1	I can't believe I am even reviewing a McDonalds but it had to be done. I just went in for an iced nonfat coffee. When I got to the 2nd window the guy handed me the coffee hot. I corrected him politely and said that I ordered it iced. He rolled his eyes and took the coffee back. Next thing I know he hands me an iced cup... With the SAME HOT COFFEE IN IT with melted ice floating around. Was it really SO MUCH WORK to remake me an iced coffee how I ordered it the right way? When I asked if he had just put ice in the same hot coffee he said "Well it comes out hot anyway." That's a complete lie. He was just too lazy and rude to remake it. By the time I got home (3 mins away) it was melted, watered down and lukewarm. I called the location and spoke to the "manager" (some lady with broken English) and she kept interrupting me and just telling me to come back and get it the right way. No thanks, no sense in driving back there and giving them any more business. I will never return here again. That guy should be fired. Horrible customer service!! Stay away!!!
1	Ordered a sausage egg mcmuffin this morning. Got home. No egg. On a friggin egg mcmuffin. Mctarded.
3	Ya know... McDonald's is McDonald's is McDonald's. ... However this place has a pretty good selection of hot mexican women working behind the counter. So it is a good place to sit and have lunch. Plus this is kind of the scuzzy part of town so these women seem obtainable!  Everything eles is par for a ghetto McDonald's... but these cute broads make it bearable!
1	I have been to this McDonald's one too many times.  More times than not there service is sub-standard even for a McDonald's.  I had made the decision to not go back, however they were supposedly under new management after their remodel.  Guess again, they either rehired the same idiots or just trained new ones to be that dumb.Today the manager was extremely rude about a mistake her worker made while taking the order.  It took 3 times of her refunding and reordering to get it right.  How hard is to ring in 3 items (none of which were a Quarter Pounder) and get it wrong and different totals.  No apology only a sarcastic, "Are you happy now!" remark.And just a note, you CANNOT get your drink large at this McDonald's without upsizing the entire meal.  Come on McDonald's, get your  act together.
1	The worst McDonald's ever. They never get the order right. They are slow. And speak horrible English!
1	We started going to this location as soon as it was built because it was really close to our home. After the first two visits after opening, the staff changed and everything went downhill. At this point, it's reached the bottom of the hill and burrowed into the ground!There have maybe been two or three times when they have remembered to put all the items ordered into my bags in the drive thru. Four out of the last five times I have gone through the drive thru, I've had to pull back around front and go inside to get my remaining items that were just sitting in the sandwich holding area! They just say sorry and give them to me, but never fix the issue for the future!The food is always sloppy and the buns are usually burnt black. I know stuff isn't going to look like the commercials, but I don't want to eat something that looks like dog food between two carbon crusted pucks of bread! This isn't a review of all McDonald's, just this location. DO NOT GO TO THIS LOCATION! The service is terrible, the food is terrible, and every experience I've had there is terrible! I hope corporate steps in and cleans out the staff to get a crew that actually cares.
3	Mainly use drive thru at this location and for the most part they are usually fairly quick and get your order right. Average location.
1	I don't eat at Mcdonalds after finding out the food is filled with GMO genetically modified organisms. Look up how dangerous this is. It's in most all food that is not labeled as organic b/c the Illuminati want depopulation. Look up Mike Adams at Natural News who has found fibers in the chicken McNuggets. These fibers look like the same plastic fibers that are coming out of people's skin who have morgellons disease. Which is not a disease but an intentional agenda to implant the population with nanotechnology fibers which are tracking devices and control devices that can send and receive radio wave frequencies for mind control and data mining the brain. Spread the word. IT's not just Mcdonalds it's all crappy food companies that have GMO. And fibers and nanochnology are the new danger found in foods etc.
1	Worst McDonald's I have ever been. Unfortunately is close to my house and if I want something quick when I'm in a rush I stop there. Every time there is something missing from my order. They are extremely slow and are constantly out of products such as dressing for the salads. I give this place 2 thumbs down and hope management fixes the laziness of its employees and the quality of food even for a fast food chains standards. Just horrible!
1	9 out of 10 times the order is  NOT complete. fries are re-fried and cold to boot. Order hamburger with NO pickes. They take the time to add the 'special order sticker' and put them pickles on anyway.Ask the person at the window if if everything is in the bag.. they smile and shake their head yes. Get home and missing items. Call the number listed and they invite you back for your item for free. (free? I PAID for it) This happens ALL the time.Lots of workers, but still slower than a snail and they get it wrong.no pride in their work I guess
