5	THIS PLACE ROX!  First off, they sell Bumble and Bumble products-- this is a major plus b/c not many salons sell B & B.  All the stylists there are so nice and know the product and can help you find exactly what you are looking for.I got my hair cut by Alissa, she was wonderful!  I highly recommend her.  This fun and NON PRETENTIOUS hair salon was exactly what I have been looking for.  A cut runs $50 but they have $25 off coupons for first timers.If you would like one, let me know, I will happily give you one!I am having Alissa do my hair for my upcoming wedding so I will YELP that once it is said and done.**** EDIT: Scissors Rox Paper-- Alyssa and Lauren made me LOOK GREAT-- hair and makeup!  whoooo hoooo!
5	I went for a haircut and Rachel did my hair. She was really nice and careful, and made my hair look fabulous!! I really appreciated that she walked me through the things she was doing with my hair, bangs, layers--not many stylists do that :) I can come back to get my bangs trimmed.I really enjoyed my visit to Scissors Rox Paper. They were friendly and very professional. They are located on the south side of Cactus Rd, on the side of the Paradise Valley mall where Borders and Mary Callendar's are.
5	I went to Scissors, Rox, Paper a bit on a whim. It was on my way home from work, seemed to be a low-key salon with high-end products, and the guy who booked my appointment was quite helpful. That's about my baseline for trying something new. So I went with it. Scissors Rox Paper exceeded my expectations in every way. Lauren was my stylist and I've recommended her to everyone I can. I arrived loaded with photos of what I've wanted--I had a pretty specific idea in mind but before I pulled them out, Lauren had assessed my hair, style, and face shape and suggested exactly what I was looking for.The execution was flawless.The staff were courteous, on time and the salon was nice but not pretentious. They're a Bumble and Bumble house, which I appreciate, but what I appreciated more was leaving with a versatile cut that was different enough from what I had that I felt good about myself but not so drastic that I wanted to go home and cry.I would highly recommend Lauren and can genuinely say the salon is in a nice, convenient area, it's relatively easy to book appointments and the prices are fair. There was even a first-time client discount.I know hair grows back, but it's sure nice to NOT have to sit waiting for it to, eh?
2	It's hard to just go for it with a new stylist when you've moved.  It's like a first date with a stranger in an unfamiliar town.  My a-line bob had grown out into something quite wonky and I got fed up with wearing hats to cover the carnage.  Thanks to Yelp, SRP's $25 off for new clients deal and my own impulsivity, I found myself booked with a same-day appointment yesterday with the very stylish Crystal to fix my more-than-a-year overgrown mop.  She listened to my requests but didn't seem to understand what I wanted to do with my hair.  She was silent and somewhat cold during the appointment.I was not offered any water, coffee or anything as most salons who charge over $35 for cuts tend to do.BIG bonus: Miguel Migs' "Those Things" was playing in the salon while my locks were getting washed.  I closed my eyes, enjoyed the warm water and remembered dancing a hole in the ground to that song at some WMC hotel party in Miami some years ago. Cute and clean.  Friendly staff.  Diverse clientele of women, men, youngies, oldies and everyone in between.I referred a friend that works in the area looking for something convenient but probably won't be back.  He was unhappy with his results, too.  Ah well.
5	This salon is small and unpretentious; so able to focus on number 1, ME! (You, if you take my recommendation). I trust my hair to any of the stylists there. They all are always continuing their education and I always see quality work being done there. I personally see Tina and hope to never have to see anyone else before I die. She has been doing my hair for over a decade. The woman is awesome!! If I ask her to do something to my hair that won't work out, she let's me know it won't work out. She will let me know why it won't work out and suggest something similar that will work out. I've never been unhappy with her work. I've never gone a few months without someone telling me something positive about my hair and ask me where I go. Everyone there is friendly and that snobby salon vibe is definitely NOT there. (The coffee, tea, and brownies are awesome as well)
5	Love it! Tell everyone you know about it! Scissors Rox Paper is my favorite salon in town for sure. I have been to those snooty snooty salons in Scottsdale, where the pour Champagne and blah blah, and you do not get what you pay for. Just because you make something expensive doesn't mean it is worth it. $350 for cut and color, are you serious? WTF?! You are out of your right mind if you think that is appropriate. SroxP is so not that. They are decently priced, around $50 for a cut and starting at $60 for color. It is a smaller salon, but more of an inviting chill feel, rather than 40 people running around taking care of a million people all at once. The decor is fun and colorful, and they offer a ton of products ***but they DO NOT shove them down your throat like most other places*** and are very knowledgeable about what to recommend for you, should you need them. My number 1 petpeev when at a salon is when someone thinks that insulting your hair it is going to help them up sell you to buy their products, not so much. More like make me want to get the hell out of there. Alissa is my girl and she is great! Always remembers me, life details, nice to talk to, and most importantly she remembers my hair; what we did last time, what I like, how my hair works i.e. VERY naturally curly.... and so on. Great! Check them out! They are so worth it!
5	I absolutely love this salon. My Mother introduced me a few months ago and I am so grateful.  Lauren is not only a wonderful stylist but a great person to boot! She now cuts and colors my hair, my Mom's, my boyfriends and his Mom's as well!! We are all very different with varying needs and she flawlessly executes them every time. I feel like I have a 'Hair Ally' with Lauren.
2	The cut grew out really weird in a matter of two weeks and the first week revealed a DAMN YOU uneven piece that is impossible to tame or pull into a ponytail.My manhunt is still on for the stylist with a $55 cut that grows out beautifully and allows me to keep my fewer-than-three-cuts-per-year personal preference.
5	This salon is amazing! I see Jennifer who is not only amazing at what she does, but you can tell she really loves it. She is always honest with you about what she thinks is best or might not work and she is so easy to talk to. Like everyone else said, $25 off of your first cut! Additionally, they sell Bumble and Bumble (and know a lot about the products) which is such a plus. If only they sold Moroccan Oil :)I've also gotten a facial from Amanda who is excellent. The price was around $50 or $60 too which was a deal.
5	Went for a wax because of a Groupon offer. Rio Wax wouldn't even return my call when I called for an appointment because they were closer. It was my first wax of it's kind and I'll be going back. Amanda was friendly and efficient and the room and sheet and towel was clean and neat.
1	I decided to make an appointment here after seeing the Yelp $25 off special for 1st time customers.  Big mistake.  I had full highlights done by Lauren and although we reviewed ahead of time what I liked and was looking for, I ended up with the opposite.  I don't like chunky highlights and I like my hair blended naturally, but I ended up with chunky highlights.  The worst part however, was that she didn't get the bleach closer to my scalp so I had root problems from the second I left.  Not like the quarter inch of roots that usually is there when you highlight but a huge line which had people commenting to me the next day I should go get my money back .On top of that, the atmosphere was far from relaxing.  As I was being shampooed my girl and the other hairstylists' in the area were arranging their transportation for the next day at work.  "Can you give me a ride? can you pick me up? what time?"  I understand that this may need to be done at some point but it came across as totally trashy to be discussing that in front of clients.  Why don't you just guilt me into giving you a bigger tip so maybe one day you can get a car?In summary, for what the services provided are, which I would equate to some bargain brand haircutting shops, I think this place is ridiculously expensive.
2	I have been to SRP before for a haircut/ style and had a good experience. I believe Jennifer was my stylist. She did a good job on my hair.However I am basing this review on a waxing I got last August. I had a groupon for a brazilian and partial leg waxing. The aesthetician didn't have the warmest personality. Her room was nice though. Sometime during the waxing I asked her if she got alot of Groupons and she started talking about how the Groupon people short her out of a tip. A little unprofessional. I assured her I wasn't one of those. After paying her a generous tip and scheduling a follow up, I assessed my hair situation when I got home. She did a fair job, but missed a few small sections. The real trouble started a few days later when I noticed a few white patches on my legs. I was hoping they would fade but they didn't. Now five months later, I still have those scars. My friends said I should have contacted the manager about it but instead I am just warning people about their waxing.
5	I'm not sure what these negative reviews speaking of drama, bad environment, etc are all about. I've been going here for 2.5 years for haircuts and the staff are some of the most friendly, down to earth, flat out NICE people one could hope for. I used to be a Tony and Guy client but grew tired of the pomp, pretense, and arrogance there, along with the price tags for less than stellar mens cut. In particular Jen is outstanding, patient, kind, sweet, and very very concerned that I left happy..every time.  She listens to my input, consults comprehensively, and ensures that I get exactly what I am looking for...and the results are spot on consistent even when my cut style requests change regularly or I wait far too long to see her.For those thinking of becoming clients don't let a couple of ridiculous and obviously personal bad reviews put you off.  You will have a great experience with no drama..unless that drama is in your own mind or of your own making. In fact I write this review simply due to the shock of reading the utter falsehoods of some other reviews.  Give srp a shot, I doubt very highly you will be disappointed and only wish more clients with consistent, outstanding, friendly, and spot on results would take the time to chime in here...they don't deserve any sort of bad rep, they are great.Finally..anyone who left unhappy simply didn't communicate with their stylist.  When getting recommendations for product their policy is 'here's what I think you should use..if you don't like it return it and we will swap it out' in addition to bang touchups and over ear touchups after a few weeks for men...customer service is great, if you aren't happy..it's probably your fault as they bend over backwards to ensure satisfaction.As to an unrelaxing environment...wow, it bothered you that they were sorting out a ride? Close your eyes and enjoy the fantastic scalp massage shampoo which is the best I've had...what a minor thing to flame on about.
4	Hey - I just tried SRP for the first time - which you know is scary if you haven't been to a new stylist. I really, really like my hair! Better than where I got it cut before. I had Megan and she did a great job! Especially because I had red hair and wanted to make sure it didn't come out burgundy. Megan and Jen consulted me prior to mixing up the color - and I appreciate that they took the time to find out what look I was going for. I will defiantly go back to Megan. I brought a picture in of what I was wanting - and although my hair is too short at the moment, she cut my hair so that I can eventually achieve that look. Anywho - was pleased when I walked out of there and I still am. The ONLY negative I can find was with the receptionist, who did not acknowledge me in any way; she just told me what I owed and not once looked up from the computer.  Guess she was having a bad day.
1	My stylist  was Raphael.  The haircut was mediocre, at best.  The color coverage was incomplete.  I had quite a bit of gray hair left all around my hairline, especially at the temples and in the middle of my forehead.  The young woman that I spoke with the following day,  mentioned that he KNEW he had missed all of that gray hair.  VERY UNPROFESSIONAL FOR SUCH A GROSSLY OVER-PRICED SALON!   Due to his limited availability and my 57 hour work week, scheduling an appointment to correct this was difficult, (over a week out).  Unfortunately, I had to reschedule this appointment in order to work late.  Again, scheduling conflicts became a hinderence to a timely resolution.  However, when I asked if the timing would be an issue, I was ASSURED that there would be NO PROBLEM.  Consequently, I was surprised when the salon called me ONE HOUR before I was to come in for the color correction.  The call was to inform me that I needed to pay 25%, since too much time had passed.  Not even the owner cared whether I was satisfied or would be a returning client.POOR CUSTOMER SERVICE--SLOPPY COLOR--BIG $$$ FOR  NOTHING--BUYER BEWARE
3	So despite my bad experience here, the owner did reach out to me after my review and offer to correct that problem with a free color.  I have since found someone I really like so didn't take her up on the offer, but a little bit of customer service can go a long way.
5	those of you who winced (or cackled) through one of my previous reviews of a nightmare on brazilian wax will be relieved to know that i've long since recovered and found a new home at scissors rox paper.  and now to begin the awkward task of publicly praising someone for one of the weirdest things one can ever publicly praise.  nothing makes it easy.  amanda makes it easier.  my appointments with her are quick, friendly, professional, thorough, clean, surprisingly inexpensive... and while "painless" is a myth i've come to rank among greek gods and the great pumpkin... it's really far less painful with her than i've had in YEARS.  best part?  i've been back several times now - and never a stray tuft.  never an ingrown.  never a burn.  never an irritation of any kind.  all in all - never a moment where i wanted to bolt for the door and write a yelp review that would make you really glad you're not me.  trust me - i drive a LONG way to go to amanda because she's worth every cent of the $3.29 per gallon that i'm spending to get there.
5	I got a voucher for a facial from Travelzoo.com. I was a little apprehensive because the gal I made my appointment with initially was a little rude. (NOT LINDSEY the regular receptionist!) I came in and was really impressed by the decor, looked professional and clean. It was my very first facial and Amanda was AWESOME!!! She explained everything she was doing and it was beyond relaxing and fabulous :-) I felt wonderful afterward and immediately booked my next appointment with her. I loved Amanda because not only did she do a great job but she also didn't have that oh-so-typical pretentious attitude that so many Scottsdale/Phoenix salons carry-MAJOR plus in my book. I met up with my mother after the facial and she couldn't stop complimenting my "glowing" skin. Go see Amanda!!!
5	Went back to Amanda for my second facial and again it was an hour of relaxing awesomeness! Amanda just seems to have the most calming personality and it's obvious that she enjoys her work. After my last appointment I decided that I could NOT POSSIBLY go without her facials so I went and booked her out for the rest of the year-she is THAT GOOD. Do yourselves a favor and experience this salon :-)
5	After making 2 major mistakes with my hair (#1 Dying it myself, #2 Dying it the blackest black I could find), I asked around and a teacher friend of mine told me about this place. Rafael was able to lift the God-Awful Black out of my hair and put on a warmer brown color that is very similar to my natural hair color (So I don't have to go as often), he also was able to use the color to give my hair dimension with-out tiger striped highlights. This will be my permanent place to get my hair done, YAY!!!
5	I have been blonde for a very long time but decided it was time to go dark. I wanted to keep some remnants of my blonde and mix them with lighter brown/red hilights. At my consultation with Alissa she sat with me explained what would be possible with my current hair color and even gave me some suggestions of colors that would need less maintenance, which is perfect for me, my busy schedule, and my wallet. After she finished the cut and color are so perfect I could not have picked it better myself, Alissa really knows what she is doing. I will definitely be returning to SRP!
5	Jody you ROCK the scissors :)  Thank you for my new hair style.  You always do an amazing job!!!  I highly recommend this salon.
1	I have never been treated so horribly by the owner of ANY other establishment in town.  DO NOT GO HERE!!! Per the owner, Deanna Montrose, the salon was not going to be able to honor a coupon I had purchased for a Brazilian Blowout.  Findings show that they can over time cause cancer, and they didn't want to carry something that could hurt the staff or customers.  Understandable.  However, she assured me that what they could do in return would acheive the same effect as the treatment I had been getting from them for 6 months, and that it would last longer.  Okay....so I go in for the treatment recommended to me by the owner.  After rinsing out the straightener, all the color I had paid to have done 2 weeks prior bled out of my hair leaving it orange-ish and feeling fried.  I had asked if it would effect my color and was told "no" as long as I waited at least a week between having the 2 services done.  To be safe, I waited 12 days.  Upset, and on the verge of tears, I was approached by Deanna Montrose telling me that her crew could tell I was upset.  I told her I thought my hair "looked like sh*t", as I am sure most people would say if they were brought back to a mirror to discover that their hair had turned a different color that what they came in to the salon with.  She told me that I should not be cussing at them, to which I explained I wasn't cussing at anyone but I was completely mislead about what would happen to my hair and I was within my right to be upset at having orange hair.  She used the cancer explaination again, told me how her products are safe, and what I got was more expensive than what I had originally purchased.  I was thinking in my head "do you think you did me a favor by giving me something monitarily worth more? The other product you had sold me 3 other times may had been cheaper, but this never happened."  Her voice was raised and she acted as if I was causing a scene, but it was exactly the opposite...she was causing a scene, and making me feel beaten down.  I was sitting with my lips pressed tight, because I could I have never been yelled at by ANY person at ANY business I have ever paid to visit, yet here I was being scolded for HER misrepresentation of the product. A product I discussed with her, before I set the appointment, in great depth. Rudely, I was offered for the salon to tone my hair to make some of the orange go away. I explained that I went to a different salon that uses a different brand of color, and Deanna informed me that color charts were "universal", and that her color was "better" than the color a got at Toni and Guy.  I go to T+G, because I have used the exact same color for years.  I know what it looks like when it fades, and I know it will always match up the same to what is already on my head.  Have you ever heard anyone tell you that all hair color is universal?  Than what is the purpose of carrying different brands or having copyright laws?Deanna Montrose, as a business owner and as a customer service representative, has given me the single worst experience of my life.  I have been to cheaper and spendier salons...and her middle-of-the-road strip mall establishment is just that.  I would have expected that I would have been shown a little bit of sympathy being that I was obviously upset from an incident that I DID NOT CAUSE.  It was Deanna's smug opinion regarding the product that she was offering that did the damage to my hair.  If she would have listened, been honest that their was a possibility that my color could be ruined, and shown some compassion to an uspet customer I would not be writing this review.Do not go to Scissors Rox Paper, because should you find yourself unhappy in any way, you will be scolded by the owner for having these feelings.  Your opinion will not matter, and you will be treated like a second-class citizen.
5	I got my hair highlighted by Brittney today and it looks amazing... I've been rocking my natural medium dark brown hair for the last year and decided I wanted to brighten it up with some "jennifer aniston beachy highlights " and it turned out perfect. In the past when going to other places, I leave the salon not sure if I like my hair and it takes a few days to grow on me    ( hair pun!!) . I left smiling and happy to use the 25$ off first time customer deal and only wished I had done it earlier this summer. I am pretty sure the guy at In n Out gave me extra fries because my hair just looked that good!
5	From the time you call and get greeted by Lindsey the receptionist  to book your appt. to walking in and seeing Carlos all smiles working on one his returning clients, The salon is very clean .They offer Bumble n Bumble and explain how to use the product and what its used for . I go to Rafeal who is honest and very upfront about how you should color or cut your hair. While getting a service done enjoy a beverage and wondeful sweet treat.
5	Just got back from my appointment with Veronica and I am very pleased!  Even though I told her that I was visiting from out of state and it's unlikely that I'll get the opportunity to go back, she paid attention to what I was looking for and spent time styling it appropriately for my evening plans.  It was obvious that she keeps up with her education also.  The atmosphere of the salon was very friendly, and not at all pretentious as I have heard Scottsdale has the reputation for.  Too bad I'm not from the area, or I'd definitely be back for a cut with Veronica!
3	I went in for a facial from a travelzoo deal 39.00 for a facial and parafian wax , Not a bad deal at all It was very relaxing and had a very nice experience there, I booked again I would recomend this place clean and everyone there seemed friendly, I was noticing the people getting there haircut and everyone hair looked amazing when they walked out I never had a haircut from here but I will after seeing many great styles.
5	I came in with a Groupon coupon for $19, which means I got the youngest stylist there:  Brittany.  I didn't expect much, frankly.Well, Brittany spent the entire hour--not being overbooked or else it is this salon's policy to take an hour with each client--slightly trimming my ends as I didn't want my hair cut short and butchered like it seems to get almost always.  She asked repeatedly what I wanted and did what I asked.  All slight and small changes.She combed and trimmed so slightly the hairs were, at times, less than 1/4".  I mean, she was trimming teeny tiny bits here and there.She did what I wanted.  She did a fantastic job.  I am happy as a fat clam in white sauce in a bowl.Now I understand her rate will probably zoom to $55 or more next time, but it probably is worth it is you don't want to be butchered...or get the usual rushed haircut like most salons...and leaving you with pieces that are 1" longer in some spots than others.I'll be back as Ahnuld says....yup, I will.
5	I made an appointment to completely change my color - dark brown to red, which was a first time change for me.  I was lucky to find Jody, who did a fabulous job!!  Jody even called me  to explain the process before I went in and was very knowledgeable about what was needed.  Jody was so detailed and took her time in ensuring my hair color was exactly the right shade and she gave me a great cut as well.  I recommend Jody and anyone else here!! I've been in Phoenix for 7 years and have finally found a great stylist!!!
4	Went there becauseof the reviews on this site.  The haircut was great with the shampoo and massage.  However, at $30 plus tip, this is too pricey for me.
5	Finally found a GREAT hair stylist - Jennifer Dew (Jenn). Hadn't gotten my hair cut in six months because I'm growing it out really long. I have baby fine hair and have not found too many stylists in the Phoenix area that actually know how to cut it correctly. I'm usually left with way too many layers making it look thin & scraggly. Jenn cut only a small amount off to clean it up and make the ends look fresh again. She slightly layered it, nothing extreme but it really improved the style so it does not look like an awkward mid-length stage of growing out. My hair appears to have much more volume just by the way she cut it and it even looks good when I air dry it. She listened to my hair concerns and goals and provided valuable styling tips and suggestions on how to keep the ends healthy while it grows out. She took her time & even though it was just a trim, she spent an entire hour with me.
5	Jennifer was awesome I recommend her to anyone shes so sweet and actually knows what she's doing also gave a lot of helpful tips for at home styling and took her time to explain what and why she was doing through out entire appointment !!!  Finally left happy from a cut ! 1 st time Ever !!!
4	So there's this girl Brittany.  Currently employed at this little place called Scissors Rox Paper.  Just looking at her, you'd think, "Oh she likes smart cell phones (not those 90's flip phones...ppssshh), is not a facebook stalker, and is a vegetarian." Well you'd think wrong (with some of those judgements).  She's totally nonjudgmental with flip phones.  Like not at all.  And the rest will be left to your imagination.Anywhoo,  I bought a groupon for a partial highlight, cut, and style.  Along with a fellow reviewer, I was nervous to come in to someone I haven't been to, and was maybe thinking I'd have to go get a corrective color for $1,000,000,000 somewhere else.  Brittany was my sister from another mother.  We connected with our souls.  It was deep.  There were tears, laughs, and even some bickering. Okay not really. But she was very personable and super sweet. Instead of a weave, she did a diagonal slicing technique that I had done on my hair before with wonderful results.  I asked for Kelly Ripa blonde.  Once the foils were out and the hair was dry, it wasn't as blonde as what I asked for (hence the 4 stars which still means I am a fan) but the blonde was beautiful and was seriously super natural.  Like my hair grows that pretty.  Sweet. She then did a wonderful cut that made my hair much hotter.  You'd totally see me and be like "such hot hair".For the groupon price and the wonderful experience with Brittany, I was very satisfied with my time at Scissors Rox Paper with Brittany.  She's very talented with color and the scissors. She's also very sweet.Thanks sister Brittany.
4	I always forget how expenssive Bumble and Bumble salons and stuff are... I do like my cut and color. Rafael was very sweet also. I like a little more energy and conversation when I am saloning though, I know that not everyone does, but I do. I am very talky talky. If it weren't so expenssive I would certainly go back. I will have to think on it though, just because of the cost... I am not used to spending 130 on cut and color! : (
5	I had an awesome stylist before I moved here in August 2011, and I think I finally found a replacement!  Jody does awesome work.  The cost of the haircut is a little higher than I am used to paying, but her talent definitely shows in the end result.  She also lets me come in for a complimentary neckline, side-burn clean-up two weeks out, so this allows me to go longer between cuts.  This salon is very hip and full of friendly people.  Five stars!  Scissors Rox Paper rocks.
5	Our whole family gets our haircut by Jody and she does a wonderful job. She's a peach! Everyone there is super friendly and the vibes are always positive. Highly recommend SRP to anyone who wants a modern cut and style from down to earth people.
5	I moved to Scottsdale over 3 years ago and was worried about finding a new place to get my hair cut and colored.  I found Linda at SRP and have been going to her ever since.  I have referred may people to her and everyone loves her.  She does an amazing job and is a wonderful person.  I highly recommend her.  If you are looking for a great cut and wonderful color Linda is your girl.
5	I bought a Groupon for 3 facials or chemical peels for the bargain price of $94 (regular price $75 for a facial, $85 for a peel).  I had my first facial with the aesthetician, Amanda, and it was a wonderful experience.  She asked me a few questions at the beginning of the session, but then went to work and allowed me to relax for the rest of the time.  She has a very gentle touch, which is perfect with facials (as opposed to something slightly more firm that I would expect with a massage) and the products she used smelled wonderful and slightly exotic, leaving my skin fresh and glowing.  While the mask was drying she didn't leave the room as most aestheticians do--she proceeded to massage my feet (this is in addition to the hand and shoulder massage she'd already given me)!  My only complaint is that the facial didn't quite last the full hour, but other than that I think it was one of the best facials I've ever had!
5	Kenny is the best colorist and we always have a good time while I'm in his chair. Whether I'm going red or dark or doing some serious highlighting, he always gets it right!
4	I really like this place! It's a LITTLE more pricey than I'm used to, but it's worth to get a good cut and help figuring out which cut/style is best. You get what you pay for. I don't think they're outrageous, though. I had Deanna, and she was wonderful. They lost a star bec. the woman at the front desk was not particularly friendly or welcoming when I came in and when I left. But that's being a bit nitpicky. Bonus for the unexpected neck/scalp massage when I got my hair washed. Nice. : ) WIll definitely be back!
5	I travel 40 minutes to get my hair done by Tina Dorris.  She does an amazing job with my color!  I get so many complements on my hair, thanks to Tina!!! She is worth the money and the time I spend traveling to see her.  I have sent many family and friends to Tina and they love, love how she freshens up there look!  Scissors Rox Paper is the salon to go to and Tina is the must see stylist! Enjoy!!!
2	I would like to write a good review on this place, because they can get  the job done, but not only does it cost you an arm and a leg, but they don't do it with a smile.  I have a hard time getting my roots matched to the blonde I have, and luckily Veronica did it wonderfully the first time...but with charging me extra, on top of my groupon.  And she was the nicest in the bunch. The other staff workers there aren't friendly either....they make you feel rather uncomfortable, as if you are back in high school, constantly being judged. They only welcome you very nicely if you have pockets full of cash, and even then it seems like it is forced.I went once, and won't be going back- even if they do a good job. I would rather spend the time finding a stylist  who enjoys their job and co-workers, as well as be professional to their clients.
5	I went this morning to Scissors Rox Paper and left with my hair looking really nice....it's a good hair salon when you leave feeling like your hair looks amazing! :) My stylist was Amber; she did a great job on my color, cut and style.  This place is cute inside and clean, and you can book your appointment online....I love that because I'm busy gal.  I will be going back to see Amber again when I need my color refreshed. :)
1	DO NOT GO HERE!!!!!!!!!!!!!I recently moved to the area and decided to yelp for a new hair salon. I have (had) medium length curly blonde hair and i went in to get my ombre touched up and a few split ends trimmed. RAFAEL did my hair and all he did was put more bleach over the already blonde parts. I also specified that i did NOT want any layers added and I only wanted a minimal amount (less than half an inch) cut off because I just went in for a trim a month before and I'm trying to grow my hair out. He cut off about an inch and a half and gave me the worst "style" i've ever received. The cost for my hair to be exactly the same color and for me to get a "trim" was $170 and it came with an AWFUL blowout. TRUST ME, go to Moments Salon or go to Altered Ego in Tempe. Moments is a bit expensive, but I got my hair done at altered ego with amazing color, a great cut, new conditioning products all for under $100. Save your money, don't go to SCOSSORS ROX PAPER! SERIOUSLY!!
5	I am new in town and was looking for a place I can visit bi-monthly for a trim. I generally have a modern A-line, which is not a cut that every stylist is good at. I made an appointment with senior stylist Rafael and he was awesome! Super friendly and made me feel comfortable right away. He made sure to ask my opinion on the exact length throughout the cut. My hair turned out amazing! He layered and thinned it perfectly. I will be back to this salon in the future!
1	First impression: Last week I called to get an appointment before I bought a Groupon and was told that they were no longer accepting them. So my boyfriend called them back the next day and must have talked to somebody else because he was able to schedule an appointment. I thought, okay, I'll go.Second Impression: Showed up for my appointment today at 5:15 for my 5:30 and was told that they called and canceled my appointment at 2:15 (when I was not in cellphone service.) So 3 hours notice.Although their sign on the door says "Walk-ins Welcome," and I showed up on time, they didn't even offer to work me in. When they stated they would have to reschedule me, I pointed out that I am moving and unable to. I then advised them I would have to get a refund and they simply directed me to request one from Groupon.Don't even bother if you're a walk-in. Appointment only.
5	I've been on the hunt for a great hair salon and I think I found it!  First of all, when you call to make your appointment, Kimberly (the receptionist) is so nice.  She tells you the prices and skill level of each stylist, so you know how much you are going to spend on a service.  She even tells you if a blow dry is included (every service includes a blow dry, unlike some competitors!). Most of the time, you have to ask a front desk person for that level of detail, and then you can be made to feel cheap when you don't want to spend $80 on a haircut with a master stylist.I booked my haircut and deep conditioning treatment with Jody, who is a co-owner of the salon.  She's a master stylist, but her cuts are only $65.  In my experience, most owners charge an arm and a leg for any service, so $65 is a steal.  Having said that, $65 is a little more than most people spend on haircuts (I would guess $40 to $55 is the average for most women) so if you want to spend a little less, you can book with one of the other stylists for $55.  I have to tell you though, Jody is really amazing.When I first arrived, I was a few minutes late and there was no one at the front desk.  Within three minutes, Kimberly popped out from the back and asked me if I was Gillian. She knew my name without ever having met me and without looking at the books!  I waited a few more minutes for Jody to come get me, so I made a business call.  She actually waited until I was done to usher me back; really appreciated that, even though I was being totally rude by being on the phone!I had such a great time in her chair!!  All the stylists are very friendly and love to chat.  We talked about my hair needs and what her plans were.  Then she did the most brilliant thing; she told me she wouldn't be blowing out my hair stick straight (unless I wanted it).  I asked her why and she said she wanted to show me how to do my hair at home.  She said that anyone can blow out hair, but she wanted to make sure I saw how I could do my own hair, with the cut I have.  BRILLIANT! She also did something that most stylists don't do (I really wish they did): she parted my hair where I always part it, and THEN she cut it.  Too often, stylists will part your hair in the middle and then cut it.  If you prefer to part on the side, this can make your hair bulky on one side and thin on the other.  It can also make it look like you have uneven ends.  When she was done with the cut and about to dry my hair, I noticed that one side was a tiny, tiny bit longer.  When I asked her about it, instead of getting defensive (like so many stylists do) she looked right at it and said,"You're right.  I think I'm going to take some bulk out of this side, too."  I was impressed--my opinion mattered!  When she was done, my haircut was beautiful.  I also had a deep conditioning treatment that did wonders for my hair (it cost $25). Just so you know, they use Bumble & Bumble and Oribe products. Oribe is new and a little more expensive than B&B.Overall, I cannot recommend this place enough.  The salon is very clean and well kept.  It's fun and ecletic, without being trashy, weird, or out-dated.  It doesn't look modern and cold like so many other salons.  It feels like you are in someone's home, without it being unprofessional (if that makes sense). My one and only criticism is that they do have coffee for clients, but I was never offered any.  C'est la vie!  I almost forgot: ALL of their magazines are current!!  I know that sounds trivial, but if you are sitting under a hot dryer for an hour, you want to read the latest celebrity gossip, not what happened last summer.  :-)  One other item of note: she did not hard sell me on any products. She told me about one product she used on my hair and left it at the counter for me.  I never got a speech about how my hair would look horrible without it, or my cut would be damaged if I didn't use it everyday. She also recommended a trim in eight weeks.  I was really impressed because most places insist that you come back every four or six weeks in order to maintain the style or avoid dead ends.  In any case, I will be coming back to see Jody in two months and I can't wait!  If you are on the hunt for a new place, this is it!!
5	I recently got my hair styled by Veronica for a wedding I was in. The entire bridal party including the bride and mother of the bride arrived to the salon on the morning of the wedding as the entire staff was warm, welcoming and excited for our arrival! We all had a great time and loved started our day off at Scissors Rox Paper. Everyone's hair turned out amazing!!! Veronica took her time and made sure my hair was exactly how I wanted it. She was more than willing and able to do anything I requested and didn't flinch once when I asked to change/fix something. I would highly recommend Veronica and any member of the salon team to style hair for any special occasion!
5	The salon is amazing! My stylist, Kimber, is just as amazing! She understood what I wanted for my haircut and executed it perfectly! She's an outstanding cosmetologist! As picky as I am with who cuts my hair, I have complete faith in her. The product the use and sell is top notch and smells great. I recommend Kimber and Scissors Rox Paper for everyone.
5	Jodi did an amazing job with my horrible hair. I'm shocked that it can look this good. Then, Sasha airbrushed my face. I've never had my makeup done before and she did a very nice job as well. The final stage was eyelash extensions by Cynthia! I feel glamorous now! They did a great job and I'll be back the next time I'm in Arizona.
2	Where is Talia??!!  I've been seeing her at the salon for the last year and suddenly she's gone.  Per the recommendation of the receptionist, I decided to make an appointment with one of their "master" stylists, Veronica.  Nice enough gal, but she used a TON of product on my baby fine hair that absolutely stunk, there was no neck massage during the shampoo and she proceeded to give me a super short "graduated" bob cut that I didn't ask for. She may be a "master" at the salon, but didn't measure up to Talia (who was considered an "entry level" stylist!).  I don't think I'll be going back unless Talia returns.  I'm so bummed because it took me about 3 years to find a stylist that actually listened to what I wanted and still treated me like every woman wants to be treated on a day of beauty.  Damn!
5	Alyssa has been cutting my hair for 6 years. She does such a great job. She has cut my daughter's hair for years too. I always recommend her to friends. My cut always grows out nice!She has helped me through all my "hair issues"!
5	I recently moved to the area and needed to find a new stylist.  I live in the area and kept driving by.  Gave it a shot and am so glad I did! I had a cut by Veronica, nothing complicated but you would be suprised how many times my hair has been butchered.  I walked out with exactly what I wanted.  I also am so glad they use bumble and bumble (my favorite) I cant wait to go back and get color done!!
1	After all the good reviews, I was extremely disappointed!!!  I called and they had an opening so I went in hoping for a good haircut for the $55-65 range.  To preface: I had recently grown out an asymmetrical chin-length haircut for about 6-7 months. (I had outgrown my previous stylist, who I did like but the cut she was giving me, no matter what I asked, had grown old.)  Arriving at the salon, I was greeted by the hostess.  Friendly and nice, I had to fill out a form.  My stylist greeted me and introduced herself.  She seemed nice enough as well.  She takes me back and I have a seat.  She evaluates my hair and she could tell that I did have an asymmetrical hairstyle.  She told me that she would take it up, but I let her know that I was growing it longer for a change.  She proceeds to tell me that she'll trim it up but my hair is so "awkward" right now and will continue to be "awkward" for some time after the cut.  Huh?  Well, she's young...so I let it slide.  She is still friendly enough and I can tell she's trying to chat it up, I'm talking with her and we go back for the shampoo.  (Nothing special about the wash.) She did again mention my awkward hair for about 6-7 times during the shampoo. :/ When she has me locked into the shampoo she starts trying to upsell me on all the products they have.  Sigh.  We go back to her station and she starts to work on my hair... while she's parting and starting to trim... I noticed she wasn't taking much off.  I asked her if that's enough to get the dead ends and she's like "Oh yah!" She asks me, "Doesn't it feel so much lighter?"  I'm thinking to myself, no it feels and looks the same.  She again brings up how awkward my hair is and how awkward it will be until it grows out.  Sigh... stupid.  I thought that's why people got their hair cut, so it won't look awkward.   :/  PLUS, MY FREAKIN' HAIR IS PAST MY COLLAR BONE, HOW IS THAT SHORT????She tells me that she rough blows dry hair and gave me a rough blow dry and then flat ironed my hair... WHAT, yes, she flat ironed it. :( I check out, pay my $55 bucks and tip and she starts to try to UP-SELL me products again!!! NOOOO. No, no, no.  She put a ton of product in my hair already  and it felt greasy.Another hilarious moment was the hostess who checked me out actually said, "I love your color!"  Like I just gotten a fresh color there...ha!!!  FAKE.  I come home and I have my son take pictures of my hair and it's uneven in the back.  When I pull my hair back, I can feel that one side has more than the other.  I asked my son if he noticed anything about the back of my hair and he said, "Is it supposed to be uneven?" EXHALE.Meanwhile, I called the salon and I'm going back in about 10 minutes to have her even the back out.  2 times in one day for a $55 haircut.  And oh, let me mention that my hair is still riddled with dry split ends because she didn't even clean up my layers and only snipped off the very ends of the longest pieces of my hair.
5	Veronica is an amazing stylist and professional!! The atmosphere at this salon is fun and friendly. Love the all the Bumble products.
5	Alyssa has been cutting my hair for 7 years. She cuts my daughters hair too! I recommend her to people all the time because she is fantastic. She does a precision cut that grows out great!
5	An excellent salon with a friendly vibe.  I have never had anyone try to sell me expensive products.  My hair stylist, Jodi, will make recommendations only if I ask.  She is very knowledgeable about the products and is an awesome stylist.  Jodi also removed pink out of my daughters hair.  That isn't easy to do and she was very careful and did a great job.  Hair color and cuts are very subjective but as I look around the salon, I am impressed by the colors and beautiful cuts that the stylist performThe stylist at this salon are also always trying to improve their education.  They often go to seminars and classes.  Another big plus, is several of the stylist donate their time to charities like "Locks of Love."  I have a lot of respect for a business that tries to give back to the community.
5	I LOVE this salon and I LOVE Amber!! She has been coloring my hair now almost 2 years. She is AMAZING at color. My hair is blonde and she gets it right every time! Also, I get tons of compliments! If you are looking for an amazing colorist, ask for Amber! She is awesome and so sweet!!!
