2	= = = = = =  WEEKDAY LUNCH BUFFET  = = = = = =Ok, so here's a new Pizza Hut BUFFET.  :-)       Robyn N. & I dropped in today to give it a try for lunch.  This location is plain, more fast-food style than a restaurant, but it does have comfortable booths for dining inside.You order & receive salad & drinks at your table, while the rest is help-yourself at the hot table.  The salad was good, & the pizza not so much.  They put out 3 or 4 pizzas at a time for you to take slices from, & there was some cheesy pasta with white sauce, & also some pasta with red meat sauce, both of which were good.  Then, there were garlic sticks with warm Marinara sauce available, & some dessert bread sticks.The pizza at Pizza Hut Buffet on 48th St. also isn't very good but the dining room over there is much nicer.Between here & the 60 freeway on this street there are four other buffets...  New China is worse than this, CiCi's about equal (but $2 to $3 less & more items to choose from), while Oriental Buffet & India Oven are both better choices than this for your buffet lunch, I think.Lunch Buffet served weekdays 11 AM to 1:30 PM.  $5.99 + $1 for salad.8/12/2013 NOTE:  Oriental Buffet is now U-Like World Buffet & it's also better than this.     :-)
2	The pizza on the buffet line is good, but not  always stocked up.  Too much wait time for replenishing.  The area dedicated for the buffet area is too small to service their customers.  They could improve their buffet by adding a salad bar.
3	This place has the most delicious buffalo wings in town. A months ago we ordered a large batch for Super Bowl Sunday and it seemed like it was going to be the perfect day for pigskin and wings. Unfortunately we picked the wrong day to call this place because we ordered the wings before the game started and did not receive them til the game was almost over. And that's including the long blackout delay of the 2nd half! Either they were super busy or they just are really slow! The wings finally came and they were cold to begin with and not to mention they forgot to bring us our orders of ranch dressing. So we had cold wings and no ranch to enjoy one of the greatest football games ever. Luckily we had chips and salsa to save our tails from the terrible customer service
1	I've owned my house in their delivery area for 5 years I've ordered from them at least once a month for 3 years they still call me telling me they are confirming my first time order every time. When I've went in the employees where making Mormon Jokes right in front of me and I happen to be Mormon. They never deliver on time and the place when I've gone in is very dirty and the food handlers I've seen touch their face then the pizza. I only still order from here because there aren't many options in this area. Worst Pizzahut I've ever encountered.
1	Worst tasting pizza in town in a downtrodden Hut, I challenge everyone to stop by just for the laugh. Everything about Pizza Hut "cira 2013" is just a joke, with this location being just ridiculous. You look up and there's this 1, 2, 3 menu system, no pictures, no common sense, just a butt ugly meaningless board. After starring for a while the 16 year old behind the counter suggested we look at an equally stupid plastic menu. Wow, has it been this long since I have been to a Pizza Hut.  We felt like we stepped into a parallel universe where everything is dumbed down & boring. No beer, no salad bar, no desert, nothing but frozen dough pizza options and self serve soda pop. Soylent Green anyone!We decided to ordered the once familiar Pan Pizza Supreme, what arrived at the table was just nasty. While the toppings tasted vaguely familiar, they where a mere shadow of there former glory.  The crust was beyond nasty, we all stated laughing and poking the thing with a stick. (OK it was our straws but you get the idea) The 19 year old store manager finally stopped by to find out what was so funny. I was pounding nails with my crust when she arrived. Got her laughing too, she said while all their crusts arrive frozen, its shouldn't still be rock hard at the table. She offered a refund but we declined laughing our way our the door ... stupid menu, no beer, what were we thinking. We re-grouped a block down the road at Flancer's, good beer, good pizza, good times. Lesson learned!
2	= = = = = =  CLOSED!  = = = = = =There were 5 Buffets in this neighborhood, with 3 of them better than this one, so it's not much of a loss here.  Pizza Hut's pizza is so blah to begin with, and the presentation was weak at this location as well.  Up at Anthem, for example, it's the same pizza but the nice dining room and good salad bar help make up for it.Go to India Oven or U-Like for a better Buffet experience, or if you really want Pizza Buffet, and near here, hit CiCi's.  (Can't recommend nearby New China based on my last visit.)     :-)
