4	I really like this william sonoma.  the staff is very helpful and it always smell so yummy when you go by. wish i could buy everything in the store!!!
5	The staff is super friendly every time I'm in this store. I think I've been there almost every month since there's always something there that I'd love to have and it's right down the street.  Whether it's random cooks tools like a 4" wide vegetable peeler (highly recommended), a Microplane grater or splurging on a new Shun knife, Williams-Sonoma always seems to have what I want with people there who know what they're talking about.
1	Generally speaking, I am a huge fan of Williams-Sonoma. In CA, I love their store in Union Square. The service in this store is ridiculous. The ladies seemed to be complaining about something the whole time we were there and seemed to have an attitude as if we were intruding into their space.The real kicker for me, though, was that they advertise for free gift wrapping but don't seem to really offer it. The first time I came in, my boyfriend spent around $50 on a gift for a friend. We were excited about the gift wrapping but then they said they don't offer gift wrapping after 5 pm. Seriously? Why not? They weren't busy or anything at that moment. Why couldn't they take a couple minutes and wrap our gift for us?The second time (and the last time) I came in they just said "no, we don't wrap". I was so confused and annoyed that I just left after paying. I haven't written a review in over a year but their horrible service motivated me to say something.Beware of these ladies. They just aren't nice.
4	I live close to the store and go in multiple times a week. The staff is ALWAYS friendly and helpful
4	Great store!One of the previous reviewers seems to have had some bad experiences with service in the store; my experience thankfully hasn't been the same. I've always had helpful, friendly people working whenever I've popped in to get something for our kitchen.Great selection of items, and the staff always have great recommendations for me when I'm not quite sure of what I need. Their sales could be a bit better, but that's not necessarily the store's fault, and it's never really worth the longer trip to the South Side to hit their main competitor's store.Parking can be a bit annoying if you try to get a spot on the street, but the garage around the corner is convenient and is reasonably priced. Gotta love Walnut Street!
4	My hubby and I wandered around Shadyside on Saturday afternoon and made Williams-Sonoma one of our stops. It was warm (but not too warm) and sunny (but not too bright), and Williams-Sonoma's doors were thrown open, welcoming customers into a land of expensive kitchen gadgets and extravagant kitchen accessories. The scent of freshly baked chocolate chip cookies wafted from a high-end easy-bake-oven type device set up near the entrance. Needless to say, the store was packed. This really is the perfect Williams-Sonoma location.My complaint with Williams-Sonoma lies not with this store but with the entire company. The hubby and I have an adequate amount of discretionary income, yet browsing here makes me feel like I live below the poverty line. I just really prefer shopping at Williams-Sonoma's competitors of Crate & Barrel and Sur La Table that have a better balance of low, moderate, and high priced items.
4	This store is food enthusiast's paradise! They seem to have anything a cook needs: baking equipment, espresso machines, pizza stones, various brands of pots and pans, cookbooks, pantry items, dishware, and more. A food enthusiast myself, I moved to buy one of everything. Alas, my tiny kitchen and my meager budget proved to be the brick wall between me and all the shiny gadgets. (Mental Note: Move to a home with twice the kitchen size--and learn to save money).Anyways, the employees are very nice and helpful. They seem to know the best uses for each gadget as well as some good tips on how to cook and bake certain foods. They also told me that they hold cooking classes occasionally. While I held off on signing up, others may be interested in trying them out.
