2	A coffee shop review is a bit tricky, because the experience depends hugely on the barista working at the time of your visit. After hearing decent rumors and seeing that there's Japanese Siphone listed on the menu, I had pretty good expectation going in -the enthusiasm got crushed with a sour disappointment.Me: " Can I get Japanese Siphone, please"Barista: " What?"Me ( Pointing to the menu): "this one"Barista: "Oh, I don't know how to make it" I understand that the cafe is open only for few month, but if you're putting certain item on the menu that perhaps distinguishes your business from the others, then maybe try a little harder to live up to your words on the menu??My bf and I settled on capuccino (mediocre) and lapsang souchong tea (pretty good). Overall, unimpressed. Yearning for the "Stop by for some great coffee made amazingly fast, tasty local treats along with a few specialties from New York that proved to be a favorite of his Brooklyn customers" as stated on their website.
3	stopped here a few days ago.  made me a good cappuccino.  But I didn't feel like it was very inviting for a sit down.  They did have some interesting reading material.  Annie Leibovitz photo collection I think it was....  Anyway, a friend recommended and says the coffee is very good and they do have an amazing machine.  My friend knows more about coffee than I do.  Just didn't wow me on my first trip.  Will try again sometime.
4	I wish this coffee shop was next door to my house!  It's a great little space, serves good coffee (Anodyne, which is roasted in Milwaukee), and, most importantly, has a great feel to it.  As others have noted, they don't take credit cards...but the owner operates on the honor system, meaning that he offered for me to pay him the next time I was in (even though I'm not able to be a regular at his cafe).  The lack of wifi is unusual, but it is refreshing to be in a place where everyone is not staring at their computer screens.  If I were to design a dream neighborhood coffee shop, The Victory would be it.  You should definitely stop in and visit.
2	This coffee shop has a lot of problems but the products are decent. I got a cup of vegetarian chili, which was decent but I know it was old because he microwaved it. My first latte was really good, smooth and flavorful. My second latte was almost all foam and I think the milk was burned. But the lack of wifi and the fact that you can't use cell phones (which btw...is not posted and you just get a sign shoved in your face when you're on your phone the first time) are the reasons I will never be going back.
5	This cafe is a great find.  They make the best coffee in town and you must try one of their sodas made from their special homemade syrup.  Just as their slogan says, "Its not for everyone", this cafe will not please all.  There is no WIFI, talking on your cell phone is not permitted and they do not accept credit cards all of which is fine by me.  All these things actually help create a very interesting social environment.  Its like the Cheers of coffee shops.  The owner quickly learns your name and welcomes you as you enter.  There are barstools up at the counter where people sip their coffee and chat.  Its a very welcoming environment.It worth a trip up there to see if its for you!
4	So lucky for the Schenks/Atwood neighborhood to have this cafe. The coffee and sodas are great. Patrick is passionate about his place and his wares, and you'll have a qualitatively better experience when he's behind the counter. Fuggedabout the wifi and enjoy the jazz.
5	I drink coffee like water and am always on the lookout for a new shop to try... This has quickly become my favorite spot in Madison.It's a small, quaint, stylish space on Atwood.  The decor is very classic, and in my opinion the layout truly sets this place apart.  The seating around the bar is unique and inviting, the coffee is incredible and the staff gets 5 thumbs up from this guy AND I DON'T EVEN HAVE 5 HANDSNo Wi-Fi?  NO PROBLEM.  You come here to relax, read a book, make some conversation with the owner.  If you want to study or work, grab a table at Barrique's.  This place is a real gem.
4	I know nothing about coffee - I can't drink it.  But The Victory has always been a welcoming place.  I appreciate that Patrick has decide to nix tv and internet in favor of face to face interaction.  Thumbs up.
2	Havn't tried the coffee. Walked in to check it out and do some work on my computer. The counter person quickly told me they don't have any outlets-weird but no problem. Oh yeah, and no wi-fi either. I'm all for edgy concepts but a coffee shop with no internet seems to be a death wish for the owner. The only reason i'm giving it two stars is it sounds like the coffee is pretty good and the interior was interesting.
5	the Victory is quickly becoming my favorite place to get coffee in my neighborhood.  The coffee's fantastic, the decor is eclectic and inviting, and the staff is not only completely competent, they're friendly and patient.  It's great to be welcomed by name (they know my name and my daughter's even though we only pop in every few days) and to be able to sit and converse without being glared at by folks who are using a coffee shop as an office, which is a big pet peeve of mine at other spots.  No, they don't have wireless internet, and they don't want customers to chat on cell phones-- this is refreshing to me and I've met new people on each trip to the Victory.  That's what happens when we're not all buried in our screens! we chat and smile and make eye contact.  Don't get me wrong, I'm tethered to my smartphone most of the time, but the Victory has created a warm, neighborly atmosphere that is a welcome change of pace from most other coffee shops.  The reading material is ever changing and so are the pastries from Goodman Center and the  adorable chalk drawings at kiddie eye-level.
5	The Victory is a great place with great coffee. I'm extremely picky so that's saying a lot. The fact that they don't have wireless makes it a great place to hang out with friends or relax and not have to worry about everyone around you being annoyed that you're actually speaking in public. And no one is screaming into their cell phones. I've never witnessed the baristas be rude to anyone about the no phones/wifi, but I have witnessed several people be incredibly rude to the baristas about that. Really uncalled for. I love the Victory and would recommend it to anyone who is a decent person.
5	This is hands down my favorite coffee shop in town. Their coffee beans are great and roasted in Milwaukee.I'm usually very discouraged when a coffee shop doesn't accept cards. However, if you come in w/o cash they will let you pay next time.It's worth a try if you're in the area.
5	I have been meaning to check out this coffeeshop cafe for a long time now, but often have passed it by on my way somewhere else thinking, repeatedly, "I have to remember this next time."  Then, they made headlines this week when an angry vandal put a rock through their window with a political message on it.  Hard to believe that the constituents of a governor who says, "Wisconsin is open for business" would be putting rocks through local business windows.  Well, perhaps not hard to believe..So, I found myself among those flocking to the Victory Cafe to order something and give a hand toward the window repair and toward restoring faith in our neighborhood as we come together to support a local business owner who was seriously wronged.  A bit over a mile away, the morning walk was chilled and brisk and a nice sunny-cold wake up before that first sip of coffee.  I walked through the drapes hanging at the door keeping the cold out, into the coziest, friendliest space in town.  There was soft Reggae playing, counter space stools stocked with today's newspapers, and little tables around the long, narrow room.  The window was temporarily patched up with tape and surrounded with fresh new posters (the presumed target of the vandal).  A sign on the door read, "Also mightier than the rock."  I sat down at the counter with a hot frothy coffee drink and a muffin.  Their coffee and blueberry muffin were perfect light wake-up fare.  Two people were holding down the fort chatting with customers whom they knew by name and preparing fresh ciabatta sandwiches for the afternoon rush to come.  I noticed they have plenty of gluten and dairy free pastry options for people with special dietary needs.  When I ordered, I considered the breakfast ciabatta, but noticed that they don't accept debit cards and I had only come prepared with $10 in cash.  The espresso drink and big blueberry muffin were only $6 together, very competitively, fairy priced.  Without knowing me, the person taking my money generously offered to give me credit if I would like to order something heartier and pay them when I return.  This is a true neighborhood business.  They were so welcoming and kind, knew everyone's names, and cared about the people who came in the door.  They have been feeling the love since this terrible rock incident, which was a relief to hear.  Nothing like having your personal space violated to threaten your outlook, but people came in concerned and supportive.  A place like this deserves a long life held with warmth in the heart of Madison.  I look forward to more morning walks and hope people will stuff their window repair jar generously with tips.  Oh, also, they are on the bike path for you Winter bikers who need a warm up.
4	I can't believe I haven't reviewed this place before. I rave about it to anyone who will listen. The Victory is a slow down, take a breath kind of place. It's an eclectic neighborhood coffee shop where you stop and chat for a while. There are no extras or gimmicks to get you in the door or to make you stay. No wi-fi, cash only. The coffee takes a while to make, so bring some patience. Every coffee drink we have tried here had been worth both the time and price. By shear luck we have always had the owner make our coffee so have never had another barista. By far, some of the best coffee I have had in my life. The only place that has topped The Victory was a cafe in Perugia. Even then it may be a toss up.
5	Shoutout to Madison Yelper Steve L. for recommending The Victory to me. I will never look back.Patrick, the owner of The Victory, is a guy who knows how to do business and retain customers.From the three times I've been, I'd guess he knows the names of at least 75% of his customers. He introduced himself to me, chatted with me about Minneapolis (where we both grew up), and refilled my coffee himself.Just don't be intimidated by the fact that everyone seems like they know each other.This place would top my recommendations list for anyone visiting (or living in) Madison.
5	My favorite coffee shop in Madison, hands down. I've been going since it opened. The coffee is terrific, but Patrick's the heart and soul of the place. Charming, wickedly funny, makes you feel like a million bucks. Refills your coffee himself. Often won't accept money for a purchase, or charges you half price, or gives you the muffin for free. Shows you pictures of his kids. Introduces you to his lovely wife. Other perks? Incredibly nice baristas, friendly customers, and a daily copy of the NYTimes. I love the no-cell-phone policy (which is clearly posted). I think it's funny that a previous reviewer said she "will never be going back" to the Victory because of its no-cell policy. Good riddance!There's no WiFi, but then, that's the point. The Victory isn't a place to sit all day, pecking at your laptop. It's a place to drink stellar coffee, talk, read a book. And that's why it's great.
2	Call me a coffee snob, I don't care - but when I order a cappuccino, I want a cappuccino, and a cappuccino I didn't get. I got a latte, instead. This puts me in an awkward position. Do I return the cappuccino? It costs a lot. I ended up drinking it. As a former barista myself, cappuccinos can be tricky to make - but a little practice can turn out the real deal with frothy perfection. The next time I went to the Victory was another meh moment. I fully appreciate the Victory's support and stand against the present Governor's autrocities - however, I do like looking out the window to watch life passing by. There's too many signs, and not all of them are that attractive. Sometimes, you just need a break from life - and yes, we are having hard times right now - but do I have to be reminded by the barrage of signs when all I want to do is enjoy my cup of coffee, do a little people watching, and see what's going on from that corner in the neighborhood? One or two signs would be good enough. There's too much of a coolness factor, too. Lots of "hipsters" hanging out there, who will give you icy stares if you so much as look at them. Guess I'm not "hipster" enough. Which is really kind of weird. Madison is not really a completely friendly place, anyways - but it is very apparent for some reason in the Victory.I ordered coffee this time - and it was very delicious, but I would have liked more. There's no indication that you can get a refill, and there are no prices anywhere. In fact, there is no menu. It's hard to tell what the beverage choices are and how much it is going to set you back. I was delighted to see gluten free goodies, but alas, no one there knew what the exact ingredients are - and so I couldn't order any of them, having more than one allergy myself. It's kind of ironic - they're so pro-working class, and yet they don't list prices, which any working class person would want to know before spending his or her hard earned money, and meanwhile, there are a bunch of  cool cats hanging out at the tiny tables, saying "look at me, aren't I cool" while evaluating everybody else with icy looks. Very entertaining in a way, but not on my dime next time.
5	Lucky me, I live a block from this gem! The coffee is outstanding, and the atmosphere is superb.  They have bakery and empanadas and other light snacks.Note: There is no wi-fi.  It's not that kind of place.  There are, however, lots of neighbors chatting and socializing amongst themselves.
2	Let's just say that my quest for Madison's most killer cuppa didn't start victorious. I appreciated the fact that the gent behind the counter (owner maybe) didn't shoo me away when I told him I didn't have cash. He told me I could grab some coffee and pop back in another time to pay, so big ups for that. The coffee itself just wasn't great. Free. But not great. I grabbed it iced and seconds after it was poured it tasted like water. Add to this the fact that there's no WIFI and The Victory and I didn't get off to a good start. I totally get that coffee shops didn't start off as internet cafes, they were places to swap stories over mean beans, but the times they are a changing... nay they have changed and The Victory is stuck in a rut. I would take the money spent on the shaved ice ingredients (and why is that "a thing"?) and put that towards WIFI which will attract today's coffee connoisseurs, peeps known for buying more than one if they can pound keys while they sit and sip.
4	Friendly staff. Love their pour over. Retro vide
5	I love americano coffee and this place made it perfect. The staff was super kind and helpful. I did not realize they don't take credit cards, the gentlemen said it was alright and I could just pay him next time. You don't find that kindness anymore.
5	Victory is a Third Place in the true sense. It's engineered to be social - not digitally social, personally social. The no-cellphone policy, and lack of outlets pushes patrons to interact with each other. Friendly and outgoing baristas help foster that atmosphere. It feels a little like the cafe my dad used to drag me to as a kid in the early 80s, and frankly, it's refreshing.
5	Victory reminds me of the cafes I used to frequent in inner city Sydney (Glebe, Newtown, Surry Hills etc...) back in the 90's and, like many others reviewing it here, it is my favourite coffee shop in Madison.I don't drink coffee, but their tea selection is good and they actually boil the water for the tea rather than just get it out of the coffee making thingy.  They also have a good selection of savoury and sweet snacks.  I like that the paninis are made to order,  rather than made who knows when, cling wrapped and then kept in the cooler (Zoma, I am thinking of you).   The lack of WiFi is a bonus as there are no students taking over the tables for hours on end, so for those whinging about no WiFi, go back to Barriques or Alterra, check in on FB so your friends can see your mediocrity and then share your inane cell phone calls with the dozens of others doing the same.
4	Teaaaaa-licious! I will resist my urge to make victory puns and instead make ones about tea. I give this place a chai five for its tealightful loose leaf selection and cute little serving trays. I pity the fool who hasn't tried this place - Mr. Tea.They offer a handful of food items (mainly sandwiches) but have a nice little vegan panini. It's not much (grilled flatbreads with vegan cream cheese, tomato and red onion) but it's a tasty breakfast. Plus you can imagine they're crumpets and you're British, which is awesome.Yeah, they don't have wifi but it's a great place to sit and chat with a friend or read a mystery novel. Tea-riffic!
4	Sunday morning, mid-November, sunny/nice/warm day...+ Plenty of coffee options - pour over, drip, french press, chemex, siphon & more+ Additional coffee/tea options (espresso, chai, etc)+ Great coffee - consistently good, flavorful roasts+ Superb staff - so friendly and helpful+ Awesome ambiance; love the background music, seating, and general vibe+ Usually have a selection of pastries and/or sandwiches if you're feeling like a bite or two+ Reasonable pricing+ Friendly patrons- Cash onlyQuick tip: no wifi, no electronic devices - stop by and be prepared to read, people watch, or chat with locals. I like it.
3	I stumbled upon this place on my while looking for a place to work on my last trip to Madison.  I went in without knowing that the place only accepted cash, had no wifi or power outlets and did not allow users to use their cell phone.  While the lack of these amenities was inconvenient for the fact that I was specifically looking for somewhere to work, I was able to able to overcome most of this place's quirks (the barista told me to just get cash and pay later, I had my own mobile wifi hotspot and they let me use a power outlet) and was happy to stay there. HOWEVER, things later turned sour when I found out about their cell phone policy.  As I was sitting by the window, by myself, and there were other people around talking and the music playing in the background I received a phone call.  Immediately after I picked up the phone, the male barista (I think his name is Matt) scrambled to get his little no-cell-phone sign and very rudely flashed it within a couple of inches from my face while telling me that they did not allow cell phones in the place, which made me feel really disrespected.While I do not have anything against them having this policy, I think that he could have told me about this policy in a more respectful away.  Again, the place was not quiet, I was not bothering anyone and so I think that it would have been reasonable for Matt to let me finish my (brief) phone call and then explain me their policy in a manner that was not so rude.  If these guys are going to be so anal about the cell phone usage, they should put a huge sign at the front door explaining this policy and try to not be so uptight, especially if they are trying to create an atmosphere that encourages human interaction.
5	One of our favorite local coffee shops.  This is a no frills joint that's all about the coffee, espresso (yes there is a difference) and tea.  The baristias are amazingly nice and so good to us and our kids.  Patrick, the owner, is often found working just as hard but can always spare a few minutes for a chat.  I prefer flavored lattes and am happy to report they carry sugar free syrups and their lattes are some of the best in town.  Aside from a few baked goods we haven't really eaten any of the food there but the cafe menu looks great and I'm still looking to find some time for a pastie.  The Victory and Patrick are transplants from Brooklyn and they fit amazing well into the Schenk-Atwood neighborhood and we hope they hand around for a long time!
5	Easily a favorite. Really great atmosphere, great staff, incredible coffee and espresso. Vegan panini option too. Except wait I think I decided to add lox to it. Haha. But it could've been vegan. Love this place.
5	This has become a favorite "go to" spot for us.+ The staff will quickly recognize you as a regular+ The staff is friendly and engaging - genuinely interesting and fun to talk with+ Awesome selection of coffees and preparation methods+ Pro tip: go with the Chemex; it's by far my favorite - so smooth and wonderful+ Sandwiches - wow. They're truly great. I can't resist the smoked salmon!!!+ The interior - I'm in love. The long bench seat with little tables, the mix-mash of chairs, the quirky wall coverings and ceiling hangings - it all works. Music is excellent as well.And, call me an old-timer, but I love that there's no wifi, and that they request that you not use cell phones while inside. It just makes it more cozy and neighborly. Fantastic. 5-stars, bravo!
5	Madison is full of good coffee shops, but Victory is my favorite. They get everything right. From the delicious New York style salmon panini to the outstanding Chemex coffee preparation (never weak) to the impeccable hospitality of owner Patrick, it's the best way to start a Sunday morning off right every time. His cute kids (one a superhero in cape and mask) are often in the play area and always well behaved. Just a lovely place.
5	I love places with character and this fits the bill.  Just relocated to Madison from San Francisco and was out walking with the family in the Atwood neighborhood when we stumbled across the place.  The staff is amazing  and the owner introduced himself and talked with us for a bit.  Delicious and simple describe the smoked salmon panini - cream cheese, capers, onion and tomato.  I really enjoyed my  macchiato as well.  They've earned some loyal new customers.  Thanks Patrick!
5	I don't know why anyone would rate this place less than 5 stars.  It is the perfect neighborhood coffee shop and by far my favorite in Madison.  Patrick and Jamie are so nice and really love what they do.  They will quickly learn your name and recognize you as a regular customer, even on your second visit.  If you sit in the comfy booth and just watch, they know EVERYONE that walks through the door.  They will carry on entire conversations with you, if you'd like.  Such a welcoming place and it is super kid friendly (what I would consider far beyond "kid tolerant") The breakfast panini is amazing, the perfect chewy, crusty bread with copious amounts of cream cheese.  Top this off with tomatoes, capers and onions and YUM.  The lunch paninis are great as well.  The decor is quirky and eclectic, another reason I love this place.  They are always playing excellent music.  Patrons are interacting, playing cards, reading or just watching the traffic in and out of the door.  No wifi or cell phones makes for an excellent atmosphere where people actually connect!If I ever move out of the Atwood neighborhood, I would miss this place.  I love just walking 3 blocks a few times per week  to this absolute gem of a coffee shop.
