3	This place is kind of new. Finally got a chance to check it out. It's one of those Sonic Burger type of places where there's no indoor dining room and as always, that's not a good thing in Vegas. As I always say, it's either too hot, too cold or too windy. In this case it was too windy. They also have the walk up window, which is what I did, and they also have an outside dining area with the circular picnic-like tables. They offer pretty standard American fast food. The menu had sections for burgers, chicken sandwiches, chicken wings, hot dogs and a few miscellaneous items. In this case I ordered the "Champ" burger with cheese combo. I think it was the #3. Just a standard burger, drink and fries combo. As I ordered, I was the only person in line but very soon a group built up and I noticed a slight problem. As you can see from one of the pictures of the front. There pretty much a sidewalk worth of space for where you order. Right behind that, cars pass through. Now when the group started building up, I found my self trying to find a spot to stand to wait for my order. I just found that to be a pretty bad layout because the seating area is to the side of the store and the pick up window is in the front, not only that but it's the window further away from the seating area. It wasn't that big of a deal but it's just not an ideal layout.    My order was ready within about 5 minutes or so, so it wasn't to much of a deal.    I got my burger and went to the seating area. It has a pretty neat sound system where you can't really hear it from anywhere else but in that area, but the music was kind of odd. I swear the theme music for the Spice Channel was playing. It was that one song where there's like chanting monks in the back ground with the little hip hop drum beat over it. How the hell did they even find that song! Anyway, back to the food.    The first thing I noticed was the fries. The fries were more like the potato wedges at KFC but cut like a regular sized fry. They were good but I didn't get ketchup, and they really needed ketchup. The burger wasn't that great, not bad but nothing special. It tasted like a Wendy's burger. There seemed to be a lot of signs for their chicken wings so I think I should have checked those out. For what I bought, I thought it was good but nothing I would go out of my way for. Especially, if you plan on eating there.    As I said, it was windy outside and it was to the point where I had to put my drink on the wrapper of my burger and I had to keep my fries in the bag  and hold them the whole time because it was so windy. Can't really speak for the rest of the menu but the combo I ordered was good but nothing spectacular.    One thing I found funny though was the bag. It had this "anonymous chicken posse" thing and it's a bunch of chickens saying that if if you don't have 20 pieces of wings then you can't hang with us... Why would chickens want to hang with people that have just their wings! Are they cannibals? It's sick and disgusting.
2	First time we ate here, we went crazy and tried 2 sandwiches, fries, onion rings and their angry buffalo wings. The wings and the onion rings were the highlight, though their fries weren't bad. The seasoning is better than some of the big name places, but the fries arent consistent in crispness/freshness. Since the first trip, we've gone back solely for the wings and ordered them in large numbers. The benefit in so doing is that they're guaranteed to not have 40 wings precooked and sitting around under a lamp- you can watch them fry up a 'fresh' batch while waiting at the drive through. The first time I went we got one or two ranches kudos to enjoy with the wings, after that they gave us one and told us it'd be 42 cents for each additional packet. The last two-three times we've gone we didn't receive any ranch despite our large orders. I'm not sure what their policy is regarding their ranch distribution, but shouldnt 40 hot wings get at least 1 little packet? Its also obvious that when interacting with the workers, they aren't particularly enthusiastic. The sandwiches were subpar and the inconsistencies about something as silly as a couple of ranch packets [2 free with an order of 20 wings and then 0 ranch with 40 wings + attitude?] is irritating. There's also a timer inside the restaurant trying to ensure that the food doesn't take too long- when it goes off, there have been several times that the servers would ask me to pull back and re-position my car in the awkward little drive through in order to stop the beeping.The angry buffalo sauce is our favorite and the cheap wings are the reason to go back, but it's not much different from any other chain restaurant otherwise.
3	Checkers gets 3 STRONG stars!I grew up in San Diego on Rally's. This is the same franchise so if you like the good ol' Rally Burger and seasoned fries like no other then you will love this fantastic joint! Remember the Rally fries? Oh yeah!I never knew of this location until one day my friend who lives over in the Eastside of town took me here for lunch. WTF I have been living in Las Vegas for five years and this is the first I am finding out about Checker's? I wish there was one over in the old SW/Spring Valley area of town, oh well I will just stop in when I am over hanging with my Eastside buddies!Ok so try the following menu items I have truly enjoyed.1. Honey BBQ wings!2. Famous seasoned fries and or chili cheese fries which they load up baby! No skimpy skimpy here!3. Chili cheese dog4. The big buford cheeseburger! Double pattie and cheese! This is a burger that will satisfy guaranteed!5. The Baconzilla burger if you dare!6. Chicken tenders are bomb!7. Spicy chicken sandwich is great as well!8. Cinnamon apple pie turnover, mmm bubbly and oozing!
2	Womp womp womp.Seriously that is what I think when I open the wrapper of a Checker's burger. This place is super close to my house and they sent some coupons out to us in the mail so I decided to make it my lunch today.Their burgers are SMALL. Maybe it's my hungry Mmmerican appetite and being spoiled with huge plates of food, but the burgers are puny! Definitely nothing amazing going on with them either. Your typical fast-food burger. Inn-N-Out, Smashburger, 5 Guys - all better than Checker's. Also, they sent me a coupon for a $1.99 CHEESEBURGER combo. I went through the drive-thru and explained that I had the coupon, but I wasn't sure which combo it was. The lady on the other end seemed to know what was up and said what I needed to order was the #13. Sure whatevs! So I pull around and pay for my cheap combo: $2.80 - something like that?For some reason I had the suspicion she gave me a hamburger combo and I was right! She did give me a hamburger combo! BOO! Come on Checker's if you're going to send out a coupon please give me the right combo meal! I was pining for a cheeseburger all because of your coupon!I would say go to another place to get your fast-food burger on.
2	After reading the reviews of fellow Yelpers, I figure it is time for the old person to Yelp out. Checkers is really just another hamburger stand. I like the idea it is shaped like a bus, which is cool. The twisty turns and maneuvers you must navigate are not fun. The dual drive up windows caught us by surprise.  Our daughter said we should try it and so we did, by the way that usually means buy us something while you're there. So here is how my order went and what it cost. Big Buford combo (med), the medium refers to the drink and quantity of fries; with a substitute of Banana shake for the drink, one bacon cheese burger combo deals (med), and one bacon, cheese hamburger and fries (med), no drink, and finally a Cheese burger combo (med) with a substitute Vanilla Shake. The total $26.21, that was for four people and basic meals. Here is something to remember the cost of the bacon cheese burger and fries cost only .30 less that the combo. In the case that a combo saves money, here it does. Make sure that you ask for drink carriers and napkins because if you don't ask your will not receive. The fries have a seasoning on them and they are a little crunchy, they don't offer any fry sauce, the hamburgers are small in comparison with the quarter pounders, however they taste pretty good. The milk shake I had was vanilla and it taste good and wasn't over powering. Our children didn't complain about their food and my wife likes the fries. So we might try it again. The survey on the back of the receipt will get you a free cheese burger, so if you think of trying it again do the survey.
2	I remembered loving Rally's as a kid and was thrilled to find that there is a Checker's in Vegas. Alas, my memory must either not be as great as I though or my tastebuds have severely changed.My dad ordered the double hamburger and I ordered a small chocolate shake and a spicy chicken sandwich. The chocolate shake just tasted like melted vanilla soft serve, not really that much of a chocolate taste.I thought the spicy chicken sandwich was alright and Dad thought the double burger was pretty unremarkable and surprisingly small.The fries were alright...easily the best part of the meal, which isn't saying too much. Dad tried to get ketchup for the fries by ringing the bell at the front window for service, but no one would come to the window so he ended up eating them dry.The service at this place is RIDICULOUSLY SLOW. I was surprised, considering it's a FAST food establishment.I don't normally condone going to McDonald's, but it would be a far better option than Checkers.
2	They get 2 stars because the food is decent (the fries amazing!), but if I could rate service separately, we'd have to go into the negatives.First of all, while they are "fast" food - you could design, build, and crawl through your own drive-through before getting to the window of theirs. Not that I was in much of a hurry, but I didn't feel like burning through a tank of gas for some fries and burger. By the time I got the order, I was just happy to be getting out of there, so I didn't bother to check what they gave me.This must be their intent.The SINGLE thing they got correct was the TYPE of burger. EVERYTHING else in the order was wrong, wrong, wrong. Sadly, I cannot even blame a language barrier for their incompetence - my server spoke perfect English.I ordered unsweetened tea. First sip? BLECH!!! So sugary my heart started racing. While it was nearly a gallon's worth in their giant size (I ordered a medium), it all went down the drain because neither of us could stomach it.I ordered a large fry (to share with my sweetie) - paid for it, too. Even checked the receipt to make sure I wasn't nuts. Size I actually got? Small. Kid's size perchance? There were maybe 6 fries total. They were yummy, but not what I ordered.My burger didn't look anything like the picture, but that's to be expected. What I didn't expect was to order a cheese/bacon burger with pickles and onion and NO TOMATO only to get the exact opposite - NO pickle, NO onion, EXTRA tomato. Ick. I swapped with my sweetie for the one that was ordered as-is. Guess what was on it? Nothing. Nada. No condiments other than a splotch of what I think was BBQ sauce pooled on the tip of one side. At least they got the cheese right.Again, the food wasn't too bad taste-wise - but if you want what you actually order, have them repeat it to you, repeat again, maybe go a third round, and then check your bag before you leave.
4	I decided I must review after reading all the bad ones on here.  I live right by this place and waited far to long to try them.  It took a couple times of going there to get what we really wanted but now that I know what's up - maybe I can help future burger lovers.  Checkers has many low price options but it is by far not a cheap place.  The first time we ordered two bacon doubles in a patty melt they had advertised two for $6.  That burger remains the best deal for the money and it was great.  We tried the two bacon double crisps for $4 and they were not great at all.  Still fresh and hot, though.  While we were waiting in line for that order (yes - they take a while - but everything is always fresh) we stared at this picture they have on the window of a lovely bacon cheese burger - thinking it was what we ordered - far from it.  So the next time we asked for that burger on the picture - the lady told us it was a double bacon double cheese - ok - we ordered two.  I confirmed when we got to the window and a different lady told us - no, it was actually a baconzilla. So, yet again, we left with burgers we didn't really want - but they were actually delicious.  We finally  went back for the baconzilla - and that is one of the best fast food burgers I have ever had.  Unreal.  I mean the name of it alone is appetizing. (Or frightening, depending on perspective, I guess)  The fries are off the hook but expensive and small portioned - I highly recommend the loaded versions.  I have always had friendly service and fresh hot food, even in the middle of the night.
3	Consistent with other franchises around the country. I did notice that the when they were creating it that it was going to be on such busy streets on both sides. I knew right off the bat that was going to be a mess. Only one entrance and exit... The location is small since it's on a corner. Yeah the speaker system is a bit of a challenge on one end is to serve the driver and the other side, if you don't have a passenger or flexible, is for the passenger. It seems people now a days bitch a lot with anything now. You know at least there is a Checkers in Las Vegas. Of course there is only one person that takes the orders because it's small!  But that can easily be fixed with one more person on either system. The problem I found was that the fries were too salty, not consistent with other Checkers I have gone to. The burger was dead on and so would have been the fries. The customer service sure did suffer because there was one person attending in the morning. Plus those damn customers that show up there I swear... One suggestion for the people on drive-thru.... check your order if it is correct before driving off... Mistakes happen everywhere. It's your responsibility to be satisfied. Morons...
4	Best fries ever. Period. Also, the bacon burgers are awesome. the bacon actually tastes like bacon. not like mcdonalds or burger king. the salty goodness...
4	We got the spicy chicken combo and the "big buford" combo.  We used coupons and were able to pay $2 for the chicken combo and $4 for the "big buford" (normally 4 and 6 dollars respectively).  The food was fresh and pretty good.  The service was great.If we had to pay full price for the food we probably would have felt shorted.  The small fries were small.  The sandwiches had a decent proportions for the price we paid.  The quality and taste of the food was about par for a good fast food joint.The fries smelled like they were fried in the same vat as the fish but this was not reflected in the taste.  We walked up to the window and the food prep area appeared clean.I would not have paid full price for this food due to the amount of food we received.
4	Boyfriend and I stopped there last night. We ordered 2 meals; 2 burgers, 2 medium fries, 1 med soda, 1 med shake came out to just under $15. Burgers: I was a little disappointed by the size of my burger after I paid. Smaller than an In n Out burger. My boyfriend's burger had REAL bacon, he felt it much better than any other fast food bacon he's had. So, other than the bacon, the burgers were just okay. ORDER THE BACON.Fries: The fries were good, but as Jason describes "the drink to fry ratio was whack". The medium drink was quite large and the fries were a moderate size. Don't plan on sharing fries.Drinks:They serve Cherry Coke, which Jason loved. It's not a typical find in a fast food place. I had the banana milkshake, which was good- just as I expected. Nothing over the top. No whip or cherry but I don't feel that took away from it. Overall, I wouldn't plan any special trips out here. On the back of the receipt there's a coupon for a free burger when you call in a review of service.
4	I had this in Atlanta during a 45 min layover and thoroughly enjoyed the Western Burger (#4 on the menu), so I was super excited to see its here in LV. Def one of my faves, I joke w/ my friends the Im in love w/ a sandwich.
1	My husband picked up through the drive thru last night, and what a sorry disappointment. If only their food was as good as it looks on their website. My hubby and I both got a Bacon Roadhouse Burger, and order of baconzilla fries, and 2 apple pies. The bacon roadhouse burgers were over cooked, old, and stale. On my burger, specifically, I had 1 whole crispy onion that was the size of a .50 cent piece, and about 3 tiny broken pieces as well as possibly the worst BBQ sauce I've ever had. Next up, the baconzilla fries. I was actually pissed. No where's in the description does it state that the douse the fries in ketchup along with cheese and bacon. Did I mention that I loath ketchup? The fries were also cold and stale tasting and the ketchup just screwed it up completely. The only thing that was worth anything was the apple pit and the $1 we paid for each is exactly what they were worth... Never intend on going back to this place.
1	I spent a half hour trapped in the drive thru! No lie- a half hour and only 3 cars ahead of me when I pulled in. I would have left after the first 5 minutes with no movement, but once you're in and someone gets behind you, you're trapped. Just when I got up to the window to get the food, the guy in a huge GMC Yukon in front of me ran out of gas and blocked the exit for 10 more minutes.They usually have 2 drive thru lanes open but for some reason they had the left side closed. Brilliant.It's Ok though because I was entertained while I waited by a ranting and raving homeless woman hanging out in the outside dining area who was alternately screaming at an imaginary person in a stream of expletives and sobbing.Other than that I like the Big Buford burgers- that's their top level double cheese burger. They're large and tasty. Good fresh toppings. They stand up to any of the other fast food places signature burgers for taste and value.They also have a good variety of menu items with frequent specials running.The fries are pretty bad IMO. They are kind of like the curly fries at other places but straight cut. They have some spice cooked into them that I just don't like.If I hadn't had the really bad drive thru experience I described above I would have given them 3 stars. Their service is hit and miss usually. Also, I wish they had a location in a better neighborhood as that area is pretty sketchy after dark.
3	Awww Checkers, I'm so glad I found you again after so many years!  I grew up with you but then moved to Vegas and thought we would never see each other again.  Oh happy day because you have now opened a place in town, so our romance can continue!So, it has been about 20 years since I had Checkers/Rally's.  I remember them being the best burgers and fries in the world.  I was so excited to grab some food here and relive my childhood with my family.  The Baconzilla Burger was tasty, the fried  chicken sandwich was like every other fried chicken sandwich at fast food places, and the fish sandwich was in the same boat as the chicken.  The fries are still pretty tasty being covered in all sorts of seasoning and fried to be on the crispy side.  The food wasn't as fantastic as I remember it, but it was still pretty tasty.  The milk shakes are quite yummy here too.  They even have banana milk shakes, which you don't see often.  The only negative here are the serving sizes on the fries.  The small order of fries looked like it should belong in the kid's meal not the adult meal.  So if you are hungry, go for a bigger size otherwise you will still be hungry afterwards.   The drinks and the sandwiches all seem on par with other comparable places.The prices all seem a tad on the high side for what you get.  They aren't outrageous, but more than what you will spend at McDs or BK or the like, on a similar meal deal.This particular location is on a really busy corner, so you have to be careful getting in and out of the place, since everyone drives like maniacs in this area.  It can also take a bit to get out of the parking lot onto the main street again due to the high volume of traffic.  This is not a good place if you are crunched for time.  As for the seating, it is outdoor only, so keep that in mind if you plan on going in the middle of July.  Also with it being on a busy street corner, it is loud sitting outside due to the traffic sounds.So yes, Checkers is a yummy fast food joint for good burgers.  The fries are tasty, but order a bigger size than normal for yourself.  And lastly, give yourself some extra time since everything is on the slow side.
2	So I took my kids here to eat. I figured last time I had Checker it was pretty good. Well times have changed. First they messed up the order. The cashier took 10 minutes to get to the window. While placing the order the cashier was so busy talking to her friend she didn't even pay attention to me. The food quality was so so. We ordered a Baconzilla burger and some chicken fingers.  The fingers were decent. The Baconzilla was terrible. The mayo mixed with the liquid cheese was yuk. The dining area was outside. That aspect was cool however the bum sleeping there was not. Overall I would say the place is a complete dissappointment.
3	Love their fries.
1	This place is gross. Way to much mustard on the burger. The fries were cold and hard and the banana shake had too much syrup in it. It was just nasty. Never ever go there again.
3	Fries are great but everything else is terrible.  I would eat here more often if they improved their burgers even just a little bit.
2	I went to Checkers for lunch on Sunday, during a dance workshop I was attending.It was a standard fast food experience.The fries were awesome, and the cheeseburger was tasty.Oh, they put cheese on a burger that I requested WITHOUT cheese for my lactose intolerant friend, so that bit kind of sucked.  I really had to dock a star for that...poor guy was miserable.  :(
3	I went here after waiting for a long errand. If you're going to go here I would not suggest the regular burger. It felt overpriced and too greasy for an ordinary cheeseburger especially in Vegas. For cheaper you can get a better version of this cheeseburger at In N Out and everything tastes less greasy and more fresh. I'm not a fan of bacon burgers but the bacon burger my boyfriend got was way bigger and tastier than my burger and about the same price. The biggest strength of the entire bacon burger was the barbecue sauce. Definitely the right thickness and taste. Would highly recommend this if you come for a burger, as it beats Carl's Jr's western bacon burgers out of the water, as well as most other bbq bacon burgers I've recalled having.Otherwise it was standard fair for fast food. On par with other fast food services.  The mozzarella sticks are fine too. They're on par with most mozzarella sticks from other places. The winner here is the fries. The fries are amazing.  I'm not sure if they were fried in animal fat but the oil they used definitely had some flavor to it. It's not as great as I would have hoped but I suspect my review would've been higher if I based it on the bacon burger I had and not my cheeseburger
2	every experience I've had at checkers was amazing except for this last one we got there and we were placing our order it was in the middle of the night about 3 a.m. And we asked for apple pies. the woman on the other end of the speaker stated that it would take about 10 minutes because they did not have any readyso we decided not to because we did not want to wait an extra 10 minutes when we rolled up to the window we paid the money and Sat there for 15 minutes waiting for our food once we were handed our food we asked her why she did not let us know we would have been waiting 10 minutes anyways and we could have gotten the pies she lost money on that saleas soon as we informed her that we were upset about the situation she got an attitude with a nasty look on her face and said okay then we had to ask for the ranch that we paid for and she gave us one so we had to ask again for the second one that we paid for if I ever go back to checkers it will be the checkers other side of town because the customer service location was ridiculous
2	Fries where not good at all. Kind of mushy and weird seasoning. They charge for ranch. The burger was nothing to brag about. I had to ask for ketchup. Coupon made it worth a try- tricky parking lot to pull our of to make a left hand turn.
3	My greasy, guilty pleasure.I really like the look of this drive-thru. There's 2 lanes, but rarely do I ever see the other one opened. You can sit outside and enjoy your meal if the weather permits.My favorite order here is their double bacon cheeseburger. YOU MUST ORDER THEIR SEASONED FRIES. They are amazing! Their fully loaded fries are equally enjoyable as well. I'm only rating this place a 3 due to my most recent visit. The ranch was extremely oily =( I couldn't enjoy my meal how I usually do because of this.Overall, this isn't a bad place to grab lunch or dinner at.
1	Currently stuck between cars so I am unable to back out of the drive thru...oh wait after 5 minutes the car in front moves,..darn I was fooled they did not even order their food until they got fed up and drove up to the window...it seems that their speaker is broken- you would think that they would put up a sign or something stating that. Now after 2 songs have played on the radio they guy in front is STILL waiting on his food. This is ridiculous!!! I ordered the chicken strips and fries with honey mustard sauce and 2 apple pies. The chicken strips were more like flattened chicken nuggets, the fries were soggy, and the mustard sauce was old. I opened it and it was solid, not creamy. Then the pies were not fresh either. This place sucks. I sat and the window watching them move like snails getting my food. I am disappointed. .
3	I have eaten here a few times now and am surprised at how much I like it. I'm not a burger person, so I can't comment on that. The last two times I have ordered the "BLT" priced at $1.49 and can't believe how good it is for a fast food place. They aren't shy on the bacon and it tastes good. I also had a small order of their "Famous Seasoned Fries" priced at $1.69 and found them to be a bit crunchy and overcooked. Priced at 2 for a $1 the "Cinnamon Apple Pie" I had for dessert was a nice finishing touch. The employees here are friendly and they have a dual drive-thru. Even though the fries could use some work, fans of Checkers and Rally's shouldn't be disappointed with the cheap prices and food put out here.
3	Man, every time I get food from here, I have mixed feelings. Kind of like a guilty pleasure, a cheap thrill, or eating a forbidden fruit. Yes, I went biblical there. These guys should be called "Greasers" instead. Every thing on the menu is FRIED.I know I shouldn't be eating here but the word "Baconzilla" cannot be ignored. Imagine a huge piece of bacon the size of the Empire State Building walking around terrorizing people. Ok, maybe im the only one imagining that. Anyways, here you have two choices of their Baconzilla. One is their cheeseburger and the other is a big serving of their patented fries loaded with nacho cheese, barbeque sauce, tons of bacon bits, and two strips of bacon. I kid you not, after trying to eat the Baonzilla Fries, I could not bring myself to eat the two strips of bacon for I had a lot of bacon flavor already with all the bacon bits they drowned the fries with. The prices here are really good. You get a lot of greasy goodness for not a lot of money. They have specials all the time. What I got was the Chicken Strip meal for 2 bucks. Comes with two chicken strips and fries. Not a bad deal. I paired that with the Baconzilla Fries for 2.99 so for 5 bucks and some change, I had a pretty good lunch.Service is ok. Since they are open 24 hours, you will always get different employees with different issues. You will have different experiences here ranging from good, bad, to plain just awful. Don't expect a lot from a chain that is open 24 hours that is located in a sketchy part of town especially at night.Speaking of their location, they are located on the southwest corner of Desert Inn Road and Boulder Highway. Since Boulder Highway is a busy street with a bunch of casinos just a mile or two down the road, you are guaranteed to have different "Characters" hanging out here. Peeps from prostitutes, pimps, drug addicts, drug dealers and homeless people to drunks, hitchhikers, joggers, students, and the occasional out of town vacationer because all the good places are closed already. Keep in mind that most weird activities happen as soon as the sun goes down and multiplies even more from midnight to 4 am. Like my momma always said, nothing good ever happens between 12 and 4 am.As for the layout of the place, you have two drive through entrances which is why you would think would give you really fast service. Umm.....no. In reality, it slows everything down because when you have both drive thrus occupied, they don't have a full crew at each station. Instead, they take turns processing orders. What I think is dumb is that if you go in the left drive thru, the cashier will be on your right side so if you are by yourself, you have to reach across to pay and get your order. It's even harder if you don't have power windows. So for those that have munchies and want some greasy goodness at no matter what time of the day, this is the place to go. Just make sure your head is on a swivel if you come here at night. For those that are from Southern California, they have this there as well but they go by the name of Rally's. For the longest time, this was the only location in Vegas. Now they just opened up another one off of Rancho Drive.Yelp 2014 365 Review Challenge #71
2	Came here starving on a Saturday for lunch. Ordered a classic double with fries and a shake. The shake was really tasty, better than In N out. The fries were well seasoned and crispy and were the highlight  of the meal. The burger was better than a normal McDonalds, but nothing special, I guess I don't see the appeal in coming here (especially with In N Out in our town). The other factor was slow service, it took a pretty long time to get our food and the quality was disappointing. The fries and shake really saved this place from a 1 star.
4	Rally's... Checker's... It's all the same. And it's good. I had a all beef chili cheese dog with onions and it was good. I ate a Cheese Champ that was a single burger with lettuce, tomato, onion, and ketchup and it was damn good especially for the price. I have been before this last time and had mozzarella sticks that are good as hell for a fast food place. I have also had a burger that had jalapenos and they weren't shy with them so I liked it a lot. They have a walk up window and a double drive thru. The drive thru speaker on the left has window service on the passenger side and the speaker on the right has window service at the drivers window.
4	All American Burger for my friend on our way home. She has never had Checkers and I asked her what is your review?  " The fries are yummy" another happy eater!
5	Had to go back the very next day, it's that good! Me & my boyfriend have been dying to try this place and it definitely surprised us. We literally drove across town to eat there again.
4	Checkers a/k/a Rallys should be memorable to people like me who were born and raised in the south.You may also recall Big Boi, from the hip-hop duo Outkast, rapping about Rallys in the third verse of the Outkast song "Elevators (Me and You)" when he says "Back in the day when I was younger, hunger. Lookin to fill me belly with that Rally's, bullish!t, pull sh!t off like it was supposed to be pulled"...Checkers/Rallys is much like In-N-Out burger without an inside to dine in. It is drive thru only. But they have some of the best burgers IMO. Their fries are hit or miss though.If you want a good burger, here are my top(s):1. Butcher Block -- They make their own 100% beef patties with signature BBQ sauce. You have to take it home and cook it yourself, but these were the bet burgers I've ever had. Top it off with some cheddar cheese. HUGE patties... not too big, not too small2. Cheeburger Cheeburger -- Huge burgers in different size. I don't care too much for the buns because I feel they are too big. Tons of toppings and OTHER great foods to go with it3. Checkers/Rallys -- love that taste and it brings back memories. My only problem is that there is only one of these places and it's all the way across town in tweakerville (a/k/a Boulder Hwy.)4. In-n-out burger -- better than fast food like McDonald's or Burger King... but nothing to write home aboutIf I'm ever on Boulder Hwy., which is super rare, I will always stop by Checkers/Rallys
4	I love their cheap burgers and delicious fries. When I first moved here, I was sad and lost, fearlful I would never have a tasty burger again, fearful that all Las Vegas had to offer besides standard burgers was that disgusting In&Out. Seriously, people LIKE that crap? Luckily, I found out while driving to visit friends that there is one on the other side of town. I am sad to admit that when they ask me to come visit, I think, oh, an excuse to go to checkers! Yay!  And then, you wait... forever... to get that tasty burger and fries.. I think they might actually be butchering the damn cow, they take so long. Still tasty, though!
1	I used to like this place. First I was told that if you get the 2 for 5 deal but only get 1 its 2.50. Ok so I order 1 get up to the window and get charged almost 4 dllrs. Ok whatever I leave. I get home and there are hardly any fries in the fries I ordered and they are soggy and nasty. Then my fish sandwich was like a hockey puck. I think I will be headed somwhere else next time.
3	Hamburger was pretty good. In my opinion fries were just ok. Popcorn chicken was very dry.  All in all just an average fast food burger joint. Nothing spectacular nothing horrible
3	This Checkers is located on the corner of Deseret inn and Boulder Highway.  It has that old school feel of an old diner except you cannot go inside to eat. I've been here several times of the years and it's just ok to me.  It's not the first place I'll go to when I want to grab a burger and fries.  One thing I don't like about the location is the drive thru.  It's not suitable for longer vehicles and I always rub my tires against the curb when I'm trying to exit the joint.  Besides that I always get coupons in the mail for checkers but I still prefer the more established  burger places because I know what Im getting.  Checkers just doesn't leave too much of an impression with me.
3	I have a love/hate relationship with this fast food joint. Love it because nearly everything tastes so damn good. Hate it because EVERYTHING is so damn bad for you!Their french fries really are the winner here. They're amazing as long as they're served hot and fresh. They don't make for a very good save for later and nuke'em option, so don't bother.The large drinks are actually LARGE compared to other fast food places. The outdoor sitting is decent, but I wouldn't recommend it unless you don't mind inhaling vehicle exhaust along with your meal since the location is pressed up against two extremely busy cross streets - Boulder and DI/Lamb.The only thing I'd stay away from is the chicken bites. Although tasty, every time I ordered them there'd be a gnarly piece of fatty chicken in the bunch..ya know, the kind you really can't chew and ya either swallow it or just spit it out into a napkin.. ugh, makes my toes curl when biting into something like that for some reason. So, not the best quality of chicken (or whatever they're made from nowadays)..
