4	kaneya rules. its pretty small, but never more than 2 tables being used in this place. i think it's owned by a husband and wife, husband is the sushi chef. pretty good menu, really good sushi, amazing prices. usually only spend around $30 with 2/3 people.
5	The BEST sushi in the NW valley, hands down. It is a small, hole in the wall place yes, but what it lacks in the flashy decor of a Scottsdale sushi bar, it more than makes up for with consistently excellent sushi, and amazingly friendly service.Every time you walk in Jung (the chef/proprietor) and the single waitress are friendly and cheerful. I've tried every roll and nigiri sushi they offer and they quality is consistently good and the value can't be beat, my wife and I can share 4 rolls and beer w/ sake for under $50!They aren't usually busy, but with only 9 tables and a bar, it can't get too packed, and even with a full house the food is served promptly. I would recommend everyone start going to Kaneya whenever possible because they are awesome sushi, and because it supports a local family owned business instead of some snooty sushi chain restaurant (RA?)!!!
3	A friend of mine gave this place rave reviews... so I had to go check it out.I'm sorry, but they didn't stand up.It's ok... not bad food, but I won't go back on my own.  It had a very chinese taste to it.  I like my sushi to leave a very clean taste in my mouth, I rarely use soy sauce as I believe the fish should speak for itself and be enhanced in other ways than soy and in moderation.The rolls I had were very rich, with a lot of soy sauce added before it even came to me, to the point it was difficult for me to finish them.  This was a couple months ago so I can't remember what it was I had exactly, but I know it was enough that I won't suggest going there on my own.Service was good although they seemed shy when I walked in alone, giving me the idea they have a lot of regulars.  One of the regulars walked in with her daughter and they were very excited and chatty with them, but not a word was said to me.  Not a big deal, but kind of uncomfortable.Small place, inexpensively decorated.If you like a lot of soy sauce, go here.  But if you like real Japanese sushi that is focused on the fish, not the soy sauce, try one of the others in the area.
5	My husband and I have been going to Kaneya for a few years now.  Every so often, we branch out to other sushi places as they start up in our area, but we always end up back here.  Very Mom and Pop and small but the service is always good.  Friendly but unobtrusive.  They do tend to greet their regulars as if they are family but they aren't rude to newcomers.  Just more quiet and reserved.I've only ever seen one sushi chef working, and he's the owner.  I like that, actually, because I think it helps with consistency/quality - which is fairly important, especially with sushi.  I shudder to think of the times we've had a great experience at some sushi restaurant, gone back to the same place a few months later, and had something barely edible.  We never have that problem at Kaneya.The food.  High quality.  The fish is always fresh as are the other ingredients.  Any of the fried rolls or tempura rolls are light and crispy, not greasy or heavy.  The only thing I have noticed as being a bit inconsistent is the heat level in some of the spicier rolls.  Sometimes they have a big kick, sometimes not so much.  Another plus is that the drinks are decently priced.  A large Kirin is $4.95.  At a different sushi place a couple miles away, they are $7.95.No atmosphere in the restaurant or the surrounding area.  Go there on a night when you just want to relax and have some great sushi.  We've taken a few friends there now and it's become their go to sushi place as well.
5	This was my first experience with Sushi. Being a vegetarian, I never managed to get some Sushi experience. I can only say about the vegetarian sushi experience, however, my friends were making all sorts of orgasmic experience downing their "Las vegas roll" at Kaneya. The waitress might give you some attitude, however, once you go beyond that the experience is delightful. It's phenomenal bang for the buck!!
4	I had been to Kaneya Sushi before with a couple of friends and never got to write a review for it!! And yesterday I finally managed to drag my very vegetarian boyfriend to Kaneya and he was forced to change his "No sushi" stance! We were accompanied by 2 other friends.We ordered a Las Vegas Roll, Spicy Crunch Dynamite Roll, Spicy Crab Roll, Cucumber Rolls and Vegetable rolls between the 4 of us. The Las Vegas Roll won hands down and we had to reorder even though everyone was stuffed :-)The service was a bit - hmmm, how do I put it - the lady was nice, but in almost a loud, I don't care way. Again, this might be cultural and the food more than made up for it and is great value for money! We plan to go back soon! :-)
5	I love this place.  I try to eat here every chance I get.  The Ramen is awesome and the sushi is excellent.  I am also a big fan of their tempura calamari.  I have yet to have a bad meal.  In fact, I think I'm going to go their right now.  I need sushi!
4	Overall very happy with the sushi. Decided to go check this place out since it had a lot of great reviews. The reviews were right it is a hole in the wall, not much room for big parties their biggest table sits 6. They have a pretty big menu and lots of rolls to choose from, we ordered four rolls and shashimi, the rolls came out fast and they were all very good my favorite roll was the Amigo roll it was delicious. They missed the shashimi on our order so that is my reason for the four stars, we had to ask for it. Other than that this is a great place and was very impressed with the rolls. After Celsius closed down last year I didn't believe I would find another place that came close. Kaneya is very comparable and reasonably priced.
5	Excellent value. Food was excellent. Good seaweed salad. Salmon skin roll very good. Here at lunch-good service.  You won't be disappointed.
4	I have been here several times and have brought my friends here several times. A little background information about me, I am from California and being from the west coast, I'm spoiled by fresh sushi. Kaneya has probably the most legit sushi I've eaten since moving to Arizona. I definitely recommend it. It looks like a little shop from japan and the owners are super cute. The portions are decent and the taste is definitely something I crave every week. Everyone should come here if you're craving sushi. Its even priced at a reasonable rate to be able to enjoy every week.
2	The god was good but very small rolls over priced in my opinion . The best sushi by for on the nw side is Sakana
5	Still our favorite place for 9 years and going strong.
4	One of our favorite places to get sushi. We went to one of those "fancy" sushi places with the modern music and furniture. The wait staff was so rude there we couldn't wait to get done with our sushi. Kaneya sushi is extremely friendly, quiet and authentic. There is only one person working at the moment so if you go on a busy night... Cut him some slack. It's worth the wait.
5	Was was one of Kaneya's early customers.  I have has Sushi all over the USA.   Kaneya's is the best I have had.  For an extra bonus it is very nicely priced.  I have turned a lot of people over the years on to Kaneya's .  I am most critical of the rice, I am quite demanding.  It must have flavor without the taste of rice vinegar.  The texture must be firm and not mushy, yet not hard and unyielding.  Kaneya's rice I have been using as my standard.   It is about as perfect as can be.
