4	My first time here since they open it was a nice place inside every clean the two girls that work there where nice too i other it was easy and quick the food was good nice and fresh i will be coming here more
2	I'm originally from Massachusetts.  There's a Dunkin' Donuts about every 50 feet there, so I know about busy D D's.  In Mass even with half the personnel and twice the customers that this store had this morning the line moves, everybody gets their food and most importantly THEY DON'T RUN OUT OF COFFEE AND HAVE TO MAKE MORE WHILE A LONG LINE OF PEOPLE ARE WAITING FOR COFFEE!!!  It's Dunkin Donuts.  They're known for two things.  Donuts (which I don't usually get) and coffee and they definitely screwed up on one thing.This store on N. Durango had 4 folks behind the counter and two in the back making donuts and they still couldn't serve all the customers properly.  They were slow, screwed up orders, and THEY DIDN'T ENSURE THAT THEIR COFFEE MAKER WAS FULL!!!
3	It's a Dunkin' Donuts. I tend to go mom and pop but once in a while it sounds good. It took a long time for us to go to the previous location as I often forgot about it hidden in a gas station - this one is much more convenient and has a drive thru. Pumpkin ice coffee - pretty decent. DD donuts is one of the few coffees I can drink because it's not super jacked up with caffeine and brewed ultra strong so I appreciate this a lot. I rarely drink coffee because this but sometimes I just want a iced coffee. 4 donuts (jelly, 2 maple glazed, sour cream)  Standard and what I expect when I get a donut. Is it weird I think that they close early? I know donuts and coffee sound like breakfast food, but I never have it for breakfast and they serve fast food sandwiches. They close around 8pm.
1	Not worth the time or money.. Disappointed. Dunkin donuts is one of my family and Is favorite past time from the east coast. However the quality of food and service at this location is terrible. Customer service should always be a priority however here they are extremely rude. You will wait forever and your food comes out spilled upside down in your bag. Don't go
1	Poor service and out of products. The donut I did get was stale. This is my second bad experience here so I thought I would warn the masses.
3	Standard Dunkin Donuts fare but when I come here it's more for the coffee than the food. I absolutely love Dunkin Donuts coffee! If you go in the morning, don't be in a hurry because they take forever. They only have 1 cashier and if everyone in front of you is ordering a dozen donuts and enough drinks to fill a drink carrier as was the case this morning, then you'll be waiting quite a while. I was hoping to be in and out and on the way to work but instead waited in line for about 10 min and then another few min waiting for my latte and bacon&egg wrap. Next time I'll only be stopping by when I have plenty of time! Saw a sign for 99 cent lattes from 2-6 PM that sounded like a good deal though
3	The donuts are the reason to go to Dunkin Donuts - the service is kinda slow :(  use the Dunkin app for discounts! I have received free donuts because the employees don't now how to use the app on the registar
4	Food and coffee was good. Slow service. Rude lazy employees! Don't go in the morning when Joselyn is working, she is rude! Apparently she doesn't like her job and her customer service skills are seriously lacking! She never says hi, roller her eyes when I asked for a plain cake donut that was not on display then she slung that donut and another one I ordered in a bag and slung them on the counter! It's customers like me who pay her salary... How about show some respect or find another job! Gave only 4 stars due to the poor service.
4	Regardless that I write a lot of Starbuck's reviews,  I yelp it loud and proud that I am a Dunkin Donuts fan. Dunkin Donut's coffee, doughnuts, and bagels are a part of my New York heritage. If you gave me a taste test between Dunkin Donuts and Starbuck's coffee, I'd most likely choose Dunkin Donuts. Lol, it would be no comparison between a Dunkin Donut and  Starbuck's pastry. If Dunkin Donuts was outside the Las Vegas market, I'd ask a friend visiting New York to bring me back a dozen of Dunkin's donuts. Fortunately,  Dunkin Donuts has a niche in the competitive Las Vegas market.   Yesterday (6-28-2014), my brother and I stopped here after hours under the simmering July sun in Floyd Lamb Park. We were tired and thirsty. So, we drove down Durango Drive south toward the 215 and before Deer Springs Drive by Centennial Hills Hospital, we stopped off at the relatively new Dunkin Donuts. Parking problems were nonexistent. There is plenty of parking for Dunkin Donuts and the adjacent Molly's Casino. Furthermore, there is plenty of seating. We would sit at the two comfortable plush chairs with a view across Durango Drive of Centennial Hills Hospital.   The 103-plus July heat was not ideal weather for hot coffee. Oh he'll no! It was ideal weather for a Dunkin Donuts refreshing beverage that is over and above the Frapuccino. We came here for the Coolata. The Coolata is Dunkin Donuts version of the Frapuccino. In my opinion it is better. Why? Dunkin Donuts has partnered with Baskin Robbins at many locations. For example on Long Island,  New York; the majority of Dunkin Donuts share the same roof with Baskin Robbins. This partnership has given Dunkin Donuts knowledge of ice cream. It is a partnership that resulted in the Coolata. Even the menu states that the Coolata is Baskin Robbins inspired. When I sipped the Iced Mocha Coolata I was so convinced. This beverage that brought me from sleepiness to awakeness in a few minutes, tasted just like a shake. Next time I'm getting the Oreo Coolata. It is a cool way to wake up. What is really cool is that a large Coolata only came out to $3.99. If you add a doughnut, it will come out to the price of a Frapuccino.   Sometimes I don't appreciate things until its too late. I don't want to make the same mistake with Dunkin Donuts. As long as they are in Vegas and they support their customers, I will support Dunkin Donuts. My support starts with shouting out loud that I am a Dunkin Donuts fan that gives this location four stars.
5	YUM!! We thought our doughnuts were very good. Sweet and fluffy. Coffee was good. Service was good. We had a great experience and will be making more doughnut runs.  :)
2	Don't get food other than the occasional donut or munchkin. The manager at this location is rude and usually causes more issues than not. I hate that this is the only one close or I would go somewhere else.
1	I visited this location twice yesterday. Both times they were "out" of something I wanted.
5	My favorite Dunkin location every one here is very kind and gives fabulous customer service! We love coming here always inviting environment and super clean. The manager here is so caring and always greets her customers .We love the yummy donuts ,iced tea and coffee. Always fresh coffee you never even have to ask they take pride in their products and want to give their best and it sure shows.
3	The only reason I come to dunkin is for the coolattas. They are like a blend between a frapuccino and an iced coffee. They have different flavors such as mocha and caramel, and seasonal flavors like eggnog and pumpkin. You could get these flavors in any of their drinks, but I just love the coolattas. They are smooth, icy, and creamy. I also like the chocolate cake munchkins. They are little donut holes and they are perfect for eating on the go since you can  just pop the whole thing in your mouth, so there's no mess.
4	Good seasonal donuts as you'd expect from this chain.  It's a new building that is clean and the staff seem well informed if only slightly stressed from the busy environment.  Pretty popular place that is regularly busy in the mornings.
1	I visit this location atleast 3 times a week. Every time no matter what i either get my food served to me still frozen, poor poor customer service, my order gets screwed up or the person making my food isnt using proper technique when making my food. I will never visit thia store again. I will also be calling corp and speaking with thia on this matter!
3	I didn't know about this location until my bike riding partner and I stopped in for a bite.  It looks relatively new on the exterior and even has a bike rack to which one can lock one's bike.  Our apple fritter and pumpkin spice muffin tasted the same as we remember from other locations: sweet, fruity, spicy, cakey.  Service was standard, the place was clean, and there were plenty of doughnuts available.  This DD wasn't very busy at the time of my visit, but then again, it was late morning and way past the morning caffeine rush.  Always good to know what to expect without unpleasant surprises!
3	The donuts were good and the convenient location  is a plus.  The service was good and staff was friendly. Would come back again if in the mood for some donuts.
3	Employees are always polite and relatively quick but every single time I order my vanilla chai ($2.48 for a medium) it comes BARELY half way full. Doesn't matter which employee it is, it's always the same. Extremely frustrating.
5	It appeared to be a lot bigger on the outside.  Went in they have a few tables.  I've been meaning to try this location since it was built.  It's got a small lobby, but a decent sized backroom for a kitchen. I was pretty shocked. The Doug took my order.  Whom ever made our coffees used a sharpie to write on the cups.  They even shouted out my order by number! Super nice change to get exceptional service on the first visit at a location. We have friends that live 5 minutes up the street. So we may be back for another coffee run.
