4	So there are three places you can get your snow cones. This colorful snow cone shack is settled on a pad on the corner of the 76  gas station (Horizon Ridge/Mission).  All the icy treats along the Horizon Ridge corridor pretty much taste the same.  They all carry the same flavors. This place ratio syrup vs ice was just a tad more ice than syrup and it's not as packed in the styrofoam cup and weight wise my serving felt lighter.  They do have a sign indicating they are still training new employees and to be patient. So they'll remake your snow cone for you're not satisfied.  I was cool with how mine was made.I had Blue Coconut. Nothing really special. Pretty much what it is.  Blue in color and tastes like sweet coconut. Big Pluses:Plenty of parking. The area is in the shade by late afternoon.If you dont want to stand and wait in a long line your best bet is to come here.Only time Ive seen it pretty busy is after school hours. Minor Negatives:There are  no sugar free flavors. There's no punch card offered here. Staff was really nice and friendly if they are new employees you couldn't tell.  So now that you know go check this place out!
4	Not as crowded as other Horizon snow cone places and plenty of parking.Today was very little wait time and friendly service as usual.A nice refreshing treat that doesn't fill you up but may give you a cavity from the sweetness.A little disappointed as they forgot the ice cream on my Dreamsicle today. Be specific when you order.I like the way Frostbite does their Dreamsicle and swirls the sweet milk in the middle as well as on top. The root beer float is ok and comes with "snow cap" instead of whipped cream. They don't seem to skimp on syrup as most of the other snowcones before us looked dark with syrup. They don't offer any sugar free flavors or a punch card. The menu is straight forward but should have an "extras" price list for things like sour warhead topping, extra snow cap etc.Still a nice treat to enjoy with the kids.
5	Ices make me happy. They are a simple pleasure that make me nostalgic of carefree, fun-in-the-sun moments in my life.  And when we moved here in September, we were thrilled to find that Beach Bums was within walking distance of our house.  This bright little hut serves up shaved ice in a wide variety of flavors.  You can add ice cream or "snow cap" the top.  They accept credit cards and are off to the side in the Speedee Mart parking lot on Horizon Ridge and Mission.  I couldn't have been happier when they finally opened again this year!  We went for the first time this week and, when we got there around 8:30, they were closed.  We saw them cleaning up but figured they were done for the night so we went on our way.  Then I heard someone calling to us, "I still have ices if you guys want them."  She was so sweet!  She went back in and made us two free ices. If you're reading this, thank you so much!  Your very selfless gesture totally made our night and we were so happy with our cold treats!  I'm sure our evening walks will lead us back frequently this summer.  Love this little Hawaiian Ice place!
4	Though not Snow Ono, but it is the closest thing to it that I have found yet in my area (Henderson, along Horizon Ridge PKWY).The consistency is almost powdery snow, and the gals are not short on the syrup.  I believe my medium size shave ice with 3 flavors, a scoop of icecream and snow capped was $4.50.  Next time, I will take photo of the pricing and upload it for details.
1	They are no longer here!
