2	In the (relatively) new Lowe's Foods shopping center, in the rapidly developing area near Highway 51 and Lawyers Road where they're buliding lots of new houses, this restaurant sure is postioned well.  Having been open about six months, we decided it was worth a visit.  The place is nice, as long as you don't look at the carpet.  Seeing as the whole center isn't that old, it's amazing to see carpet that looks about 10 years old.  No telling how that happened.That said, the food is what we were after, not the carpet, and that didn't disappoint.  Quickly served tempura appetizer was good, although a bit heavy on the batter, and not as light as most tempura dishes.  Instead of having smallish veggies, it was chunky style, which was odd, although not entirely bad.Lettuce wraps were good, though I'm not sure I really like tofu, and there was plenty of it in the mixed chicken that was served with the dish.  We also had some spring rolls, but let's face it - it's tough to mess up spring rolls (or deep fried rolled anything).We will probably go back another time for a full-fledged meal, but for a sampling of appetizers it wasn't bad at all.
4	There is one day a week they are not open so call first.Other than that, they have decent food and its actually pretty good compared to all the Tings and ChinChins on Central or Albemarle road. So what I'm sayin is its worth the drive down Lawyers to get 'better' chinese food. Oh... the two dishes I like there aren't even Chinese. Pad Thai or the Curry Chicken. I did get the typical general's chicken and the Sa cha and loved them both.
5	Great food, great staff that will make anything you want.  All chicken dishes can be ordered as white meat only.
4	I've had take out from here a few times for lunch. I've had the scallion chicken each time. Great flavor. I like the sweet heat. The egg roles are nice & crunchy. The service is quick (when you call in an order, it takes about 10 minutes for pick up) and the price is very affordable (about 7 bucks). If you're looking for a nice, quick and affordable lunch in the Mint Hill area, swing on by.
1	We used to love the food here.  Something happened not sure what?  New cook maybe?  Seafood tastes like it has been on the dock forever.  The fried rice is fried very hard! Nasty.  Carpet and establishment looks very old to be in new shopping center.  Last time I eat here.  One positive is most of the staff are friendly.  I would not eat here.  The very last time my son got sick after eating here.
4	We've been eating here pretty regularly for the three years we've lived in Charlotte.  The ladies who work here are always friendly and accommodating.  Portions are of good size.  I always have leftovers for lunch the next day.They are always closed on Tuesdays so remember that tidbit next time you want Chinese on a Tuesday.
4	Have eaten here many times, and have taken quite a few other people from time to time.  Everyone has liked it a lot. The hostesses and waitresses are very friendly and helpful in explaining different preparations and sauces.  Food has always been very good, large portions.  Eggrolls are crispy, pad thai very different from the usual.  Everything we have ever eaten here has been tasty and well prepared.  One of our favorite places to eat.
5	I'm giving this five stars based on the type of restaurant it is - it's not a super elegant, super expensive Chinese restaurant, but for the price the quality of food, the service, and the relaxed atmosphere (I like all the booths) it's definitely a winner. The wonton soup is the best I've ever had in my life, and the red Thai curry is to die for. Staff are very friendly and the lunch specials are a super deal. Would  probably go there every day if I could!
4	I've been coming to this restaurant for a few years now. The waitresses are always very friendly. One in particular always remembers the nuances of my orders. I love the ginger salad for lunch. I always order eggdrop soup. It's great with the crispy noodles. Like the atmosphere. They don't have a TV on every wall thank goodness. My chicken and vegetables are always spot on.  Only drawback is the restaurant could use some updating, especially the wallpaper.  It's getting dingy and starting to curl up at the edges. Otherwise, the food, price and service is perfect.
4	I haven't tried many dishes here but the ones I have are good.  I like the orange chicken and mango chicken.  The only thing I will say about the mango chicken is that it comes with too much sauce.  I'd advise asking them to not put quite so much in.  It is almost a bowl of soup, there's so much sauce.
2	We used to frequent the restaurant. Recently, the food quality and flavors changed. Not sure if there is a new cook, management or something else. So sad about that!! Used to be such a great place to get delicious take out or dine in Chinese food.
4	Everything we ordered was very good! We ordered shrimp fried rice, sesame shrimp, and vegetable lo mein. The Shrimp fried rice was my favorite. The flavors were great. We ordered right before they closed. When we picked up the food it was ready and the cashier was very friendly. What more could a girl ask!?!
4	Came on s Sunday around 1 pm. Service was good and efficient. Hot & sour soup and Wonton soups were tasty. The chicken and cashew with egg roll and fried rice was enough to split! It was very good and the chicken tender. We have been here 3 times and had a consistent experience
5	Not your typical hole in the wall Chinese food. More traditional type stuff. Love the family atmosphere amongst the staff.
4	Two words... Simply delicious. It was a perfect helping for a wonderful hangover helper. The service was helpful and attentive. Would highly recommend!!!
