5	The only decent place in Waterloo that deserves to be considered a coffee joint.From the first time I stepped in here, I had an ideal rapport with the staff. The coffee is rich, the grilled food and soup is awesome, and the decor is warm and optimaly quirky.Some people dislike how, unlike the Kitchener location, it is located inside a mall with only a Valu-Mart as notable establishment. This is unfortunately a detriment, but I find that the people who come here and stay end up basking in the awesome coffee environment; rather than encountering your average coffeeshop consumer, it takes the most unlikely of people (seniors, commuters, people waiting for the bus), and brings out the best of them as they become regulars.Some people also dislike the communal tables, but if you are a coffeeshop trying to foster a community, the people who are willing sacrifice personal space for rapport end up enhancing the whole environment, something I find is harder to achieve when people move away from you by default.In short, this is one of three coffeehouses I'd ever consider home, and  I'm blessed to find one in a city that as of yet doesn't really deserve that privilege.
4	The only place in the entire region that serves a great latte! I avoid other cafes so as not to be continually disappointed. I haven't yet tried the Kitchener location.They roast their own beans, which is key, but they also know how to brew it. The staff are well-trained baristas, friendly and efficient. It may be located inside a "mall", but for someone who always orders to go, I have no complaints.
5	Ok, my experiences here keep getting better, and I've now upgraded to an even better tasting beverage, the macchiato. Clearly I've been missing out in ordering lattes, little did I know the espresso tastes much better in macchiato form. If it weren't for the fantastic baristas, I'd still be missing out! (Also, I must add, they always remember my beverage, until my recent switch, and are always super friendly).
5	Been here a few times very nice
