2	Is close to home. They tried harder and had 24 hour before Safeway closed down on the diagonal corner. Had a return with expired stale food and was treated terribly! So next time my chicken leftovers were spoiled by the next morning I didn,t even bother. Plus you'll have to dodge the high school kids begging for some "spare change" or cigarettes. Just go to Walmart 2 miles away, it's cheaper and they have security.
4	This Fry's Market it's really clean, located on the SE corner of 107th Ave & Indian School.What I really, really love about this location, unlike the one closer to my house, is that they added a "Olives & Antipasti" Bar!!!!! We had to try some of the assortment of olives and antipasti, and we were not left down. I mean, it is a super-market, right? They had a great array of olives, and also artichokes, peppers, mushrooms, etc. We are planning on going back this Friday!!!
3	3.5 StarsThis is my weekly grocery stop.  This Fry's location is clean and in the process of a remodel.  The deli carries Boar's Head meats which are my favorite!  Their fried chicken is so good.  The non-food items are generally more expensive than the evil super corporate mega grocery store.  Fry's will also multiply your coupons up to $1.
3	It's frys, there is nothing special about it, it just a convenient grocery store with no frills. I actually miss HEB back in Texas, they had sushi, a butcher, fresh seafood and so much more. I don't see grocery stores like frys lasting too much longer when you have more specialized stores like sprouts and AJs. As far as low price and convenience, you're better off going to walmart.
1	I am done with this Fry's location. It is always so busy! Even at hours you wouldn't expect. Cars all over the parking lot and people all over the store, clogging up the aisles and stressing me out... And now the store seems to be playing religious/inspirational music. It's awful. I used to come here because it's the closest grocery store to my house, but I will do my grocery shopping elsewhere from now on.
4	My go to location. Clean and friendly service on Sunday mornings. :) Only thing I would mention is that the stock they have on some groceries are slim to none at times so I have to make a second trip to go back when they have more items stocked.
5	enjoy Fry's Food Store, very well cleaned store which i like. its very organized and most definitely out beats every other grocery store out their. the employees are very polite and are very respectful.
